after all, Draco did ask me to stay in here. I walk back to the bed, sit down on the mattress and cross my legs under the duvet. I fix my eyes on the door waiting for Draco to return. I wait, and wait, and wait. All the time, I can see Draco's sketch book out the corner of my eye. Without thinking, I grab the book from where it rests and turn to the page that's kept open by a pencil. I sit, dazed by what I see. It's me, just as he positioned me last night, but my eyes are open, rather than closed and the buttons on my shirt, none of them are closed. I look down at myself to see only the top two buttons on my shirt are undone, so why has he drawn me like this? My eyes move down the page to the bottom right hand corner to see a caption- "my brave lioness". His words make me blush, the word "my" echoing in my ears. Yes I am his. I'm so lost in the caption that I don't notice the door to the room opening. I'm only brought back to reality by the sound of a shocked gasp. I look up to see Draco standing at the foot of the bed, tousled hair, lose shirt with the top buttons open and he's holding what looks to be medicine in one hand and robes in the other. I follow his body up to his face to see it pale and gaunt and, if I'm not mistaken, mortified. He's embarrassed! Oh no, I shouldn't have looked. "I'm sorry" I blurt out, whilst closing the book and placing it back on the chair beside me. I put my arms down and lower my head in apology. Then suddenly, I hear a confused "what?" From Draco. I move my eyes up to his face but keep my head down. His head is bent to the right slightly and one eyebrow is raised in a questioning way. Why is he confused? I repeat my apology and lower my eyes again. "But why are you apologising, I should be doing that", the words make me bolt upright and stare him in the face. He's placed the medicine and robes on the bed and his head is lowered, mirroring mine a few seconds ago. He's apologising? But what for? He hasn't done anything wrong. "Why are you apologising?" I ask. He looks up slightly and I can see the pale embarrassed blush on his cheeks, "because you found my drawings of you, you must be appalled", he bows his head again, "I'll get rid of them if you want, I'll burn them, shred them.." "No!" I shout, surprising both Draco and myself, I don't want him to destroy his drawings, they are what he wants. He moves his head up again and stares at me, confused once more. "You don't want me to get rid of them?" "No. Why would I?" "Because it's rude to draw someone in that kind of way without them knowing". That explains it, he's embarrassed because he thinks he shouldn't have drawn me in a racy way. I contemplate the thought; well, there's no great issue here, I know he has feelings for me, he confessed them to me last night and at the same time I agreed to be his, surely this is something normal for a guy to do when he likes a girl? "Actually I think it's flattering" I say, he stares at me, amazed I think. "What?!", he nearly shouts. It makes me laugh, but I'm stopped by his sad expression. He looks down once more, "I'm really sorry Katy, I'll do what ever you want with them, just please don't hate me". Each word tugs at my heart, so much so that I jump out of bed, walk towards him and hold his head in my hands, "I don't mind the drawings, they came from your heart and head and that's what I love about them. I could never hate you Draco, I love you", I put emphasis on those last three words, simply because there's so much truth in them, I do love him, so much that it pains me to see him sad. I look into his eyes to see them relived slightly, but there's still the ghost of guilt in them. I try desperately to think of a way to reassure him, his words come back to me from last night and inspiration hits me, "I love you so much Draco and I'm going to do this to prove it", reciting his words I bring his face down to mine and kiss him deeply, pouring as much emotion and truth into it as I can. I pull away from him to gauge his reaction. He looks into my eyes with disbelief, but I can't tell if it's from the kiss or from me using his words. I'm rewarded with an answer as he whispers "you remembered what I said", he gives me his shy smile and I find myself mirroring his smile as I say "I'll always remember". His hands move from his sides up to my face as he locks me in a passionate and heated kiss. He moves my arms so that they rest around his neck and he moves his arms down to my waist. He delicately picks me up, with such ease, that I have to stand on my tiptoes. One of his arms remain around my waist whilst the other moves up to the back of my head where he holds me in his embrace, prolonging and deepening our kiss. I could stay in his strong arms forever, knowing that he would protect me with them. I slowly begin to melt into his body as he wraps his arms tighter around me, like a python constricting around its prey, because that's what I am, this fierce, loving and sexy pythons prey.