light and cheerful, but Severus senses something not quite sincere in it. "It also says 'I didn't want to waste an invitation on you, so I'm telling you in this letter that I expect you to at least try to bring a normal date when you arrive.' She didn't want to waste an invitation on me because she doesn't want me there!" Were Severus actually part of this conversation, he would tell her to not even bother going to her awful sister's wedding – because who else would be so cruel to Lily as to write a letter informing her of their wedding while strongly hinting that they would rather not even have to invite her. But he is not part of this conversation, so he can do nothing but continue cowering like he has been behind this suit of armor. "I bet my parents made her tell me about it. She probably would have just gone ahead and gotten married without even telling me if it weren't for them." She is whispering now and Severus has a sickening image of the two of them sitting there, huddled together, faces mere centimetres apart. "You don't know that, Lily." "You don't know Petunia." Her voice is louder, firmer, a bit mutinous. Severus can all but see the determined set of her expression. "Fair enough." Potter doesn't argue with her, which Severus takes as confirmation; she will not be convinced, so what is the point in arguing, after all? They go quiet for a few minutes and Severus wonders if they have resumed snogging. He risks a glance around his hiding spot and to find that, shockingly enough, they are just sitting there in silence, doing nothing but holding hands. It is so strange to him – whenever he sees them in public, they are always either talking or snogging. In the six months since they went public with their relationship, Severus doesn't think he has ever seen them sitting quietly. The silence lasts so long that Severus decides he had best just leave. He doesn't want to be stuck behind this suit of armor all afternoon, and he has no clue how long these two plan on just sitting outside of McGonagall's office, not seeming even to care that the woman herself might come out and interrupt their rendezvous at any moment. "On the topic of bringing a date, though," Potter murmurs suddenly, and Severus freezes where he is, crouched and preparing to escape his alcove. "What?" Lily asks when Potter doesn't finish his thought. She sounds confused, which doesn't surprise Severus. They hadn't, after all, been on the topic of a date. "I know I may not be the kind of normal your sister has in mind, but I would be very disappointed if you chose any other date." Severus scowls; it is one thing for them to dream about living together after school, something that may or may not actually happen. Who knows what the future holds for them? For all they know - and Severus privately hopes this will come to pass - they could have a falling out before then. It is another thing altogether for him to accompany her to her sister's wedding, to meet her entire family and cement himself as an important and lasting fixture in her life. Once upon a time, Severus had been the one person from school to know her parents, to step foot inside her childhood home, to torment her sister for her. Now it would be Potter. "Really? You want to go with me to my awful sister's wedding?" She is clearly surprised and uncertain. Severus wants to leap out from his alcove, reveal himself, tell her not to bring Potter along with her, convince her to bring him instead. Lily sighs, though, and Severus hears in that sigh a kind of agreement. "Are you sure? It's going to be dreadful, and you know how she feels about anything even remotely unnatural . Vernon is the same way; they won't be kind to you." "I know. But just think how much fun it will be to see their reactions to the news that we're getting a flat together. In London. Muggle London. They'll be livid. It'll be brilliant." " Muggle London ?" There is such hope and positivity, such brimming excitement in her exclamation that Severus feels his heart shatter. They are not just dreaming at playing house together, he realizes. They are going to see this through to the end. She actually wants it, and not just because she will be hurting for money and he will not. She wants Potter just as desperately as Potter wants her. " You said you wanted to live near Sirius. Sirius's flat is in Muggle London." This time when they go quiet, they are not entirely silent, and Severus knows that now they have, in fact, resumed snogging. When Lily giggles breathily, he wants to shout, he wants to rip his hair out, he wants to kill James Potter and take his place in Lily Evans's life. Instead, he turns and flees the corridor, his Transfiguration essay forgotten. What do essays matter in the long run, after all? He knows what he'll be doing after Hogwarts, and so do they all. No one will remember his grades or his lack of popularity or anything that happened to him in school when he ascends to the top under the Dark Lord's guidance. When he kills James Potter and all of his friends. Hey guys! This one is very different than anything I've ever written - I typically avoid all things Snape - but I was recently sorting my unfinished documents, deleting stuff I knew I wasn't going to continue with, and I found this. Different as it is (for me. I know this is not a novel concept), I didn't want to delete it, so I decided to finish it up quickly and post it. I hope you didn't hate it :)