headquarters are set up at the 12, Grimmauld Place in London.' She bowed her head in understanding and made her way back to the chimney. The address rang a bell somewhere in her mind but she couldn't quite place it. She'd heard it before but she was damned if she knew where and when. She was about to step into the fire when she heard his voice behind her back 'It is a pleasure seeing you again Miss Shacklebolt'. And she felt herself spinning upwards again. Before she knew it, she was back home. She steadied herself for a second and decided to apparate to Grimmauld Square immediately rather than to wait for the morning. When the appeared there, the night had fallen but the weak light of the street lamps was enough for her to see the state of the houses surrounding the square. She went around for a bit, searching for number twelve. As she reached number thirteen though, the house started to move, another one was trying to squeeze between eleven and thirteen, slowly making room for itself. She stood before the house, slightly taken aback and took a few minutes to steady her breath before walking up to the door. The house was in a poor state, whoever gave their house to the Order must've been living somewhere else. She knocked on the old wooden door. 'Sibel!' Remus muttered happily once he opened the door. She offered him the best smile she could muster. She breathed deeply and walked past him into a long and dark corridor, her eyes stopped on a hideous huge troll leg. Merlin, who on earth… and then, sudden as lighting, it dawned on her. She saw him, many years ago, during their seventh year. He was casually lounging in the grass under the quidditch stands, smoking. He turned his handsome head towards her seventeen years old self and looked at her with his endearingly arrogant stare and said 'And so, I said goodbye and piss off to 12 Grimmauld bloody Place'. The memory faded away and then she saw him. At the far end of the corridor sat a black dog. Sirius Black. Sibel's knees felt weak and her hands started shaking violently. She was unable to breathe, as if all the air in her lungs had been emptied at once and she could hear her blood rushing in her ears. Amidst the chaos of her own body betraying her, Sibel heard herself mutter 'Did you do it, Black?'. She knew the dog could hear her. She squinted as she saw movement across the corridor. The dog was slowly turning back into a man. He moved towards her silently. She felt like screaming at him, or maybe running away and yet she was unable to. Her body escaped her will. Once he was only a few meters away from her paralyzed form, he stopped walking and answered her question with a simple 'No'. 'If not you then who?' Sibel breathed. 'Peter' The answer came from Remus behind her. She had almost forgotten about his presence. 'Come on, you need a drink'. Sibel felt his hand touch her shoulder and shivered. She listlessly let him lead her away, Sirius Black in front of her. They walked her into an enormous and slightly sinister kitchen and sat her down in front of the massive wooden table at the centre of it. She felt her senses slowly coming back to her. Remus gave her a bottle of butterbeer and sat next to her. 'Come on Sibel, you never thought it was odd that he would betray James? You remember how much he hated his family' He said, waving his hand in the direction of Sirius who was seated in front of them, patiently waiting for her wits to come back to her. 'Of course I did. But Pettigrew?' Aloud, it seemed even more ridiculous. 'It's true' Sirius' voice made her jump a little 'I'll tell you the story but not right now' Sibel closed her eyes for a moment. If he was here, then Dumbledore trusted him… But could she believe without answers, simple because of the faith of an old man once more ? Remus apparently did, and Black was said to have betrayed his closest friends. She opened them again, choosing to trust Remus' instincts and stared at her former classmate. His features had lost their innocence, his once effortlessly beautiful face had lost its juvenile arrogance. He had lost his muscles and his youthful glow, all that was left of him seemed weak and haunted by the atrocities of the past. And yet there was something about him, a small remnant of his old self. Somewhere in his troubled and pained eyes she could still see a tiny spark of mischief, a small reminder of happier days, like an echo of a time when they had hope against all odds. Her head was buzzing with the implications of these revelations. The man had spent twelve years in Azkaban for nothing, imprisoned in the place of all nightmares without a trial. He had suffered while his name was once more associated with everything he loathed. And he had miraculously found enough humanity in himself to resist the dark creatures, to escape and come back from hell. And they had all believed him guilty. Of course at first, like Remus she had thought I couldn't possibly be true. But then all those muggles, and Pettigrew's finger… the grief of losing yet another couple of friends. And they had accepted it. 'I'm sorry Sirius' Sibel said. 'What for? I would've believed it too, Shacklebolt.' He told her, his voice low and raucous. Sibel took a sip of her butterbeer and felt relief as the heat diffused in her body. She looked back at him and he winked at her. The Order of the Phoenix had risen again. I hope you all liked this first chapter, please tell me what you think of it :)