His heart burned just thinking about it. "How many times, Ron?" Bill insisted. Their gazes met, and Ron ran his hands over his face, elbows resting heavily on his knees from his perch on the corner of the bed. "Eleven," he barely uttered while reaching for Hermione's hand, flinching when Bill swore loudly. Her little hand was so soft, and he focused on rubbing his thumb back and forth over her knuckles as Bill and Fleur spoke quickly to one another about which spell they should use to revive the witch. Ron turned his hips so that he was facing her fully, and trying anything – anything – to block out the screaming that had echoed down to him not so long ago, ringing through his head as the single worst imaginable sound on the face of the earth. " I thought two Sickles to join – that buys a badge – and the proceeds can fund our leaflet campaign. You're treasurer, Ron – I've got you a collecting tin upstairs…" Oh, her wild and kind ideas, her bossiness, her resolve once her mind was put to something. Ron smiled sweetly down at her, affectionately running his index finder over her face gently and tracing her jaw, nose, perfect lips, and eyelids. He avoided her neck, noticing with deep sadness again the angry red line cut across her light skin. "Your kindness was paid back today, 'Mione…the creatures you care so much about rescued you, you know…" Ron whispered hoarsely, guilt flooding him that he wasn't the rescuer himself but thanking heaven that she was here. How proud she'd be…she will be…when she finds out that Dobby – oh, gods. Dobby. Ron knew he needed to go check on the others, but couldn't bear to remove himself from Hermione's side. "You're so brave, you know that?" he whispered right into her ear, "Whether or not I was I lousy git or took you seriously, you've always been brave, sweet girl. You need to come back to me now, alright?" he continued stroking her face, not giving a damn if Bill and Fleur probably thought he looked mental. "Ron – " Bill began, eager to begin rousing Hermione. "Please, Bill, just be gentle . She's so bloody fragile… I mean, if you had seen…" Ron choked on a sob, all the feelings he'd kept down now bubbling up as he tried to convey how terribly hurt her was. " Rennervate!" The red light that burst from his wand seemed to crash into Hermione, and a loud, horrid gasp suddenly escaped from her. Ron backed up off the bed, giving her space but keeping his hand intertwined with hers. She squeezed her eyes shut even tighter, her forehead wrinkling deeply and legs coming up to her chest as she turned sharply on her side. Deep, whimpering breaths shook her tiny frame. She broke out in sweat again quickly. "Her-Hermione, it's me, Ron…you're safe here. We are at Shell Cottage, you remember me telling you about Bill's place? By the sea? You're safe, 'Mione…" Ron repeated several times, trying to reassure her panicked mind that no one could touch her. "Darling, get whatever dreamless sleep potion we still have in the cupboard quickly," Ron heard Bill say to Fleur, grateful to hear the steadiness in his voice. "Hermione, can you open your eyes and look at me? Do you remember me?" Ron silently begged her to relax – she was so tense. He was afraid to reach out and touch her, but he could just tell that every muscle was being clenched. The worst part was that he couldn't tell if it was from pain or fear. Suddenly, her eyes fluttered open and she seemed to soften slightly, her hand linked with Ron's moving. Without warning, she winced loudly, grimacing as she clutched her stomach. Ron's heart tore in two. "Shhh, I'm so sorry, the pain will go away. Squeeze my hand Hermione, tell me what hurts," Ron asked urgently, wanting more than anything to just trade for her pain. "W-w-water," she stammered, closing her eyes shut again. Ron jerked towards the glass sitting on the tray beside him, spilling some over the edge in his haste. "Water, you said? I've got some right here. Can I help you sit up, please?" Ron spoke so quickly he worried she wouldn't understand him. Instead, she warily raised her head, twisting her body so she was leaning towards Ron. One shaky arm grasped his thigh as she pulled herself up partially. He steadied the glass for her, unlacing his fingers from her hand and supporting her head as she drank deeply from the glass in his other hand. His thumb buried in her hair gently rubbed her scalp. "That's it, love. Great job. Nice and slow, darling, don't drink too fast," Ron murmured as she finished, sighing deeply and laying heavily back down onto the mattress. Ron couldn't resist himself – he leaned down to kiss the top of her head. Before he could whisper anything else into her ear, Bill squatted down to speak to her. Ron reached for her hand again, hoping her limp fingers would tighten around his. "Hermione, can you tell me your full name? And who I am?" Bill's face pinched with concern as she breathed quietly, her eyes closed once again and breathing shallow. A few seconds passed, with both Ron and Bill staring intensely at her. As Ron raised his eyes to try and meet Bill's, he heard her weak reply. "H-H-Hermione Jean Granger," she said rather quietly, her eyes suddenly snapping open. "You're William Arthur Weasley. Ron's eldest brother," she said with determination. Ron snickered and looked to Bill's reaction at hearing his full name. "How'd she know that?" Bill asked sheepishly, feigning embarrassment as his face eventually broke into a slight smile. "She bloody knows everything, I swear it. Maddeningly perfect, she is" Ron gushed, so happy to hear her voice. "Ron…don't swear…" she muttered weakly.