split second, there is a sudden wave of heat, but it is quickly extinguished and then the silence is almost deafening. Confused, Harriet slowly lowers her arm and opens her eyes. The classroom looks as though it has been under a Bludger attack. Her cauldron has completely melted into her work table and there are puddles of acidic potion eating away through the desk and dripping onto the floor. Remnants of ingredients have been scattered around the room, and both her notebook and textbook have been destroyed. The classroom is littered with loose pages, broken jars and thick, acrid smoke. Some of her classmates are coughing, others are rubbing their eyes with the sleeves of their school jumpers. The majority, however, are looking between Harriet and Snape with a mixture of horror and apprehension. Ignoring the way her heart threatens to crawl out through her chest, Harriet slowly lifts her eyes to look at the Potions Master. His black eyes are narrowed to slits beneath eyebrows stretched into a taut, thin line, and his mouth is almost white with rage. He doesn't yell though; Harriet noticed long ago that although the volume of his voice can often shake the classroom rafters when Snape is truly angry, he prefers shredding his victim to pieces in a calm, caustic manner. Like a stealthy Basilisk. "Well, well, Miss Potter," he begins in softest, deadliest voice Harriet has ever heard him use. She tries to not back away or flinch when he approaches her, but her hands hold on to the edge of her damaged desk until her knuckles turn white. "I find that you managed to disappoint even my lowest expectations," he continues and she feels his eyes drilling holes into her face. She doesn't look at him though, instead keeping her gaze fixed on the charred surface of her desk. Don't look at him. He's not real. He's not real. "Are you quite through with today's display of colossal carelessness, or do you have further plans to endanger everyone in this room with your incompetence?" he asks, his voice suddenly sharp. Harriet doesn't reply. Her eyes remain affixed onto the remnants of her cauldron—a sorry sight of distorted metal and scorched potion. Was Sirius good at brewing? She never got the chance to ask him. She never got the chance to ask him a lot of other things too. "I suppose you think," Snape continues, his deep voice slashing through her thoughts like a razor, "that a sedulous work ethic does not apply to the Chosen One. You waltz through this school, brandishing your scar as if it were a badge of superiority, expecting us all to be awed by your mere presence. Never mind the rigorous academic standards put in place to ensure the success of those who are truly gifted. What famous Harriet Potter wants, she gets. But tell me this, Potter: have you ever thought what will happen when ten years down the line you fail to produce the right antidote or the correct counter-curse? Will you speak at the funerals of those who died because of your intrinsic laziness and arrogance?" The air has completely abandoned the Potions lab and yet she can hear her own breathing in the absolute silence of the classroom. There is a gnawing pain in her chest and the heaviness in her stomach weighs her down as if she were full of boulders. Snape is looking at her with dark eyes pointed in aversion and for a moment Harriet fights the urge to blink away the burning white spots in the corners of her vision. There is a bitter taste in her mouth and her throat feels as though she swallowed a mouthful of sand. And yet none of these debilitating feelings seem to matter. The truth that has been lurking at the back of her mind since Sirius's death comes suddenly to the forefront with such force that Harriet's breath hitches in her throat. There is no point in pretending. Because even though she often despises Snape more than Voldemort himself, she knows that he is right. People will die because of her. People have already died because of her. Mum, Dad, Cedric, Sirius….who will be next? Ron? Hermione? She can't afford to make another mistake. Her precipitous rush to the Ministry in the summer should have already taught her that, and yet lately she has been treating her school work with the same indifference she treats her meals. Sirius would have been alive if you stopped for a moment to think. As Harriet stares at the charred remains of her cauldron, another, darker realisation begins to take root, and it is one which makes her blood cold. Because really, what chance does a scrawny teenage girl with rapidly falling grades have in the face of the darkest wizards of all times? Snape is saying something to her again. His voice is louder than a moment ago, sharper too, but she can't make out what he is saying. The same words run through her mind, over and over again, and she realises that she isn't just thinking them, but speaking them too. "I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it," she rasps out, her voice no stronger than the rustle of paper drifting across a desk. "I can't do it," she repeats, this time louder, as she looks up at Snape. There is a moment of confusion on the Professor's face and then startled understanding, but it doesn't matter. The classroom walls seem to close in on her and Harriet suddenly clutches onto her stomach as a wave of nausea incapacitates her. "Sir, she's going to be sick!" Hermione exclaims from across the room. Harriet doesn't give Snape the chance to reply, because, in the next moment, she clutches onto the edges of her desk, bends over into the aisle and promptly empties the contents of her stomach. You're a fool, Harriet Potter. And you will lose everything.