single wizarding candy I knew, until, I hit gold on sugar quills. #up the stairs# past the gargoyle# He paced the room looking not the least bit alarmed. Why would he anyway? He wasn't the one that accidentally time travelled and had no idea how. I mean, I know it has something to do with the locket, I just don't know how or what or who charmed it. When I get back to Australia I'm going to kill that nutter! Oh yeah, maybe some muggle acid would do the trick. You have to pour it slowly down their throats and wait a few minutes before pouring more. Or maybe I'll do things the old fashioned way and hang him upside down from that spectacular ceiling and beat him senseless with a beaters club. Yes, yes... I licked my lips in an evil frenzy. This better be a joke or he is going to really be sorry. "Uh humph, Miss Bell?" The sound of Dumbledore clearing his throat snapped me out of my malevolent thoughts and brought my attention to the rather large trunk on his desk. Moderately sized and full of strange carvings, it held an air of mystery and elegance. It might have looked like something a rich pureblood family, like the Malfoys, would use to store riches, if it hadn't been rattling and shaking like my Aunt June after too many Firewhiskeys on Christmas eve. "Yes professor?" I looked at him shakily. Inner turmoil. It was terrible. I wanted it to be true. I wanted it to still be sixth year. I wanted to spend as much time as I possibly could with him. I wanted to save him. I wanted to be able to love him. I wanted him to love me, but I know that it's wrong and selfish. He's not here for me. He's not alive because of me. He likes somebody else. And she's much better than me. No. I need to just sort this mess out and move on. It was my new goal. Moving on. Suddenly the door opened and Professor Snape strode in looking like the prejudiced bat dungeon he is. "You required my services headmaster?" He drawled. He always drawled, he almost sounds as if he swallowed the entire kitchen sink when he was a child. "Why yes Severus! I believe you are familiar with a certain time travelling potion." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled in the morning light. It was true. I had time travelled. I could relieve some of the happiest moments of my life. Who wouldn't want to do that? "Yes, may I ask why it is needed? And what is Miss Bell doing here? Aren't you supposed to be with those other ghastly Gryffindor girls swooning over Potter at breakfast? I really want to kill him too. There's nothing a good whacking won't fix, that's what my mother always said but then I realized that I was sounding like Voldy, trying to kill people who annoyed me and there was no way I wanted to be like the man who as good as killed Fred and destroyed Britain. No, never! However, I was brought of out of my thoughts by the Headmaster's grandfatherly (is that even a word Katie? My brain screamed at me) voice. "Now, now Severus, Miss Bell has arrived here by means of time travel. I don't think that it would be very safe for her to remain for too long. We don't know the full complications. Time is a dangerous thing. Not to be played with." Dumbledore looked at us like it was the most normal thing in the world. The old bat must be losing it. "I will be working on the potion then. I warn you though. It will not be ready until a month after the Yule Ball." And with that Snape waltzed out of the office with a swish of his robes. I looked at Professor Dumbledore with curious eyes, "so Professor, what exactly does this mean?" His eyes stopped calculating the mix and turned to meet mine. " Well Miss Bell this simply means that you are stuck in our time for now. I hope you haven't left any chocolate out. It does seem to melt fairly fast." He continued his mad exploration of the trunk with his eyes. Now knowing when I'm being ignored, I walked down the stairs with a smile on my lips and a spring in my steps. It was great. I longed to see him. Hear his laugh once more. Smell the stench of his pranks in the common room. As I turned a corner and walked into the great hall, my heart stopped, my knees got weak and I fell backwards onto the cold wet floor. No, I hadn't seen Fred and fainted at the sight of him; I had been hit by a body bind curse and landed in one of the portable swamps that lined the corridors. I heard running of feet and soon Angelina had the curse off me. "Sorry," she grinned sheepishly, "the twins were only messing about! Come on, get up! Let's go eat something. Here let me take care of that swamp water." She led away to the table, smiling at me, not knowing the horrors that would start this year or what I had planned for her and that nutter in Australia if this turns out to be a dream and the dungeon bat, of course Angelina would not be harmed but she might just loose the love of a certain ginger. He smiled at me. This time I really did fall at the sight of him. Luckily there was a bench under me, so I didn't look completely gormless. I munched on some toast and gazed at him while Angelina chatted him up. It was clear. It was my destiny. I had a month, two weeks and one Yule Ball to make Fred Weasley fall bright orange head over heels for me. Simple enough, right?