after a few minutes only Croaker was left standing. "WHO ARE YOU?" he yelled at them as they reached him. Aurora disarmed him and when he sat kneeling before them, she removed her mask and showed him her face. The furious look on Croakers face disappeared as he recognised Aurora. "So it is you. When I saw the picture this morning I realised that you were likely to be the Angels. I assume you have come to rewrite history?" Aurora nodded and said, "Yes Saul, we have. We cannot allow so many innocents to die, because some idiot decided to make some money by selling a story to the press." Croaker nodded and said, "I know who you need to get and where he will be." He told them the information they needed and finished by saying, "Now finish the job you have come here to do. You never broke your word before, and now is not a good moment to begin. Kill me and I'll see you two, eight hours ago." Aurora and Gabrielle inclined their heads in respect, and Gabrielle said, "Thank you for your help Saul," before Aurora grabbed his head and broke his neck in one swift move. Softly lowering the head of the DOM to the floor, Aurora and Gabrielle donned their masks again and stepped over the bodies of the Unspeakables. The aurors and the hit wizard had been slaughtered like lambs, but the Unspeakables had put up more resistance than anyone in the last 150 years. It pained them that they had to kill them, but there had been no other way. When they stepped through the door to the department, they arrived in the circular room with the twelve doors. "I always hated this room," sighed Aurora tiredly. "You only hate it because it is one of the few things we cannot influence." Aurora rolled her eyes beneath her mask but Gabrielle knew it nonetheless and added, "Don't roll your eyes at me, you know it's true." Aurora just shrugged and opened the nearest door. It revealed a sort of amphitheatre with a large stone arc in the centre. "Nope, death room". She drew a dagger and carved a large X in the door, before closing it. As soon as the door was closed, the walls turned around and they waited patiently until they had stopped moving. Gabrielle tried the next door and revealed a large, cathedral like room with rows upon rows of towering shelves, filled with small glass orbs. "Nope, prophecy room." She carved an X on the door and closed it, causing the walls to go spinning again. When they stopped, Aurora pulled open a door and revealed a dark room with floating planets. "Nope, space room". The next door they tried didn't open and they said in unison, "love room." before moving onto the next room. Gabrielle pushed the door open and said triumphantly, "Bingo, time room." They entered the long rectangular room and headed straight for the glass cabinet with Time-Turners. Picking up the nearest one, Gabrielle placed it around her neck, while Aurora opened one of the pouches on her belt and withdrew a long thin box. The box was about 3 inches high, 3 inches deep and four ft long. "I really like those bottomless pouches Boltrock invented." Aurora remarked, while Gabrielle helped her to open the many small clasps that closed the box. When they opened the lid, they revealed several dozen small squares, lined with soft wool padding. One by one, all the Time-turners were removed from their shelves and placed in the box. When the last had been removed, they shut the lid and closed all the clasps again. Gabrielle helped Aurora to place the box back into the pouch and when they were done, Gabrielle took her partners hand and they flamed away. They had one more thing to do, before they could rewrite time. Author's note: I know I know, was it really necessary to kill off fan favourite characters such as Pudgy and the Umbitch, well no, but I liked to do it anyway. If any of you are wondering why they didn't just flame into the time room, instead of killing half the ministry, then the answer is simple. The DOM is surrounded by the same wards as Hogwarts. Meaning they can flame out, but they cannot flame in. The reason why it was relatively easy for Aurora and Gabrielle to break into the ministry and dispose of all the aurors and hit wizards, is because those are second rank troops. Amelia has sent the best to the MSS, so the ones still employed by the DMLE are greatly inferior to Death Eaters and MSS agents. This is also shown when the Death Eaters attack Buckingham palace. Had they been normal witches and wizards, they never would have stood a chance against the fire power of the Legion. The Death Eaters and the Unspeakables used very powerful dark magic to fight the Legion and the Angels, magic that is forbidden by the ICW. This makes them much more powerful and more dangerous than 'normal' law abiding citizens. As for if you are wondering why they took all the Time-turners, it is because they think they are too dangerous to be used by anyone. Even for Aurora and Gabrielle, who never liked doing it in the first place. The Time-turners in my version are different than in cannon, as they are centuries old and the secret to make them had been lost for just as long. The only ones in the world were held by the DOM, who gathered them over the ages. Also, only one version can exist in the timeline, so if one gets destroyed, it vanishes from the time line and is gone forever. Oh and by the way, this will be the first and ONLY time they use the Time-turners, so don't expect to see them appear again. See you all next week Medieval Maniak.