understanding expression. She avoided their eyes, bring her face in Crookshanks fur when he started squirming again. "Are you going to be alright?" He asked her. "Yes, I—" She set Crookshanks down and he bolted away, dashing through the police offers' legs and hiding under the couch. "I'm so sorry for wasting your time," "We just want to know you're alright," The woman piped up, eyeing her with concern. Hermione nodded stiffly. "I'll walk you out," She said instead of assuring them, because as much as she wanted them to stop looking at her like she was about to have a mental breakdown, she couldn't find the words to set them at ease. She had seen the kitchen, the blood, her name on the counter. She had seen it. "Are you sure you're alright?" The older policeman insisted once she had ushered them outside. She nodded again, offering a terse smile. "I'm—my friends will be living with me soon, I just—" She shook her head and lied, "I'm alright. I'm sorry for the false alarm." "It can be hard to lose family." He said comfortingly. It seemed like he was waiting for her to say something, but she didn't, so after a moment of silence he nodded and patted her once on the shoulder. "Don't be afraid to call if something happens." She thought they were being awfully considerate considering she could be a prankster, for all they knew. She must look like a right mess for them to believe this had been a genuine mistake. He gestured down to her foot, "Is that going to be okay—?" "Fine," She assured him quickly, robotically, "It's just a scratch." "Alright." He nodded, "We'll get going then. Have a good night." He turned away, started toward the police cars as the others followed him. McLaggen hovered for a moment before he reached out for her, a hand at her arm in what she couldn't tell was supposed to be friendly or flirtations. When she caught sight of his smile she figured flirtatious was a safe bet. He handed her a slip of paper, and scrawled on it was his name and a series of numbers. She gritted her teeth, raising her eyes back up to meet his and not even attempting to disguise her annoyance. "Just give me a call if you get scared alone," He told her, and it might've been sweet if it weren't for the rather suggestive glint in his eye when he added, "Or if you need anything." "Thank you." She seethed, and his grin grew even wider before he finally released her arm and sauntered away. She wasn't sure it was entirely appropriate to be picking up women on call as a policeman, and his partner didn't seem to think so either as he thwacked him upside the head when McLaggen reached them. She waited for them to drive away, waving at the door. Then she grabbed the throw blanket off the couch, quickly retrieved the first-aid kit from the kitchen, swept up Crookshanks and the cup of food on the counter and hurried out to the car, struggling with getting the door open and dumping all of her things in, ignoring Crookshanks meow of protest as she slammed the door shut behind her. She set Crookshanks food in the front seat, and he contented himself with eating while she ripped open an alcohol wipe to clean the cut on her foot. Once it was clean and bandaged, she shut the first aid kit and slid it under the driver's seat. She looked up at the house. All the lights were still on, the TV too, and when she leaned forward she could see her window was still open. She was being silly, she knew she was, there was nothing in her house, she knew there wasn't. Whatever happened must've happened in her head, and she chalked that up to loneliness and unease about her parents' death—she had never truly dealt with it, after all, had she? She had only ignored it these past few months—maybe she had even dreamed it, day-dreamed it, or— But it didn't matter. The image of it remained in her mind and she couldn't for the life of her force herself to go back in there. She wrapped herself up in her blanket and slept in her car for the night and she hoped she wasn't losing her mind. — ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ NAUTICAL PARAMOUR GAVE ME THIS IDEA SHE SENT IT TO ME IN A PROMPT AND I LOVE HER SO MUCH i haven't really written horror that much, so idk how this comes across? idk it seems kind of jagged rn and i know tom has barely made an appearance other than to be a creep on the ouija board and then fuck with hermione's head but he'll be much more present soon, also things will get a bit more horror-movie-esque with lots of running around and screaming so lmao we'll see how tf i write that IDK! ! ! ! ! ! I LOVE THIS IDEA I THINK ITS SO FUN AND NAUTICAL PARAMOUR IS SUCH A BABE EVERYONE GO CHECK HER OUT SHE'S AMAZING SO LIKE IDK I JUST HOPE I DO IT JUSTICE! ! ! ! idk how long it'll be. I have all the events already plotted out so I'm thinking probably three chapters, maybe four, and I want to try and get it done before Halloween? ? ? ? We'll see! ! ! Anyway I hope you guys like it, omg please let me know and send Nautical Paramour some love because this was all her idea! ! ! ! ! ! she's amazing! ! ! ! ! ! ! I love her! ! ! ! please review! let me know what you think, I now this is a lot of words for not a lot of action but…..? ? ? ? ? AHHH IDK JUST LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK