every other day, just to make sure everything is all right. Shall I give you a tour?" Harry nodded enthused and he and Brukel walked through the door. The front door opened directly into the living room which was consisted of warm hues of stained black walnut and maple. It was already furnished with a couch, love seat, two very plush seats, a rocking chair, and random other furniture, lighting, and other odds and ins. Harry noticed the stone fireplace that everything seemed to focus around and glanced at Brukel who verbally reassured him that it was blocked from incoming floo. Brukel lead the way into the kitchen and dining room, both of which were brighter with painted walls. The kitchen going a step farther with tiled marble floors and tabletops. The dining room had a large oval shaped table large enough for about eight people to sit at it; Brukel told him that the table and the dining room itself would magically expand to make room for more people if it was ever needed. The two entered the living room again and then walked through it to where Brukel said the study was. Harry's jaw dropped at what could only be called a massive library to his youthful mind. The room was done in beechwood, oak, and several other types of wood that Brukel said were mentioned in the book on the house. There were six nice sized work tables around the room as well as a single large desk situated in the middle of the room. Brukel pointed up and Harry's eyes followed to see that, while the other rooms were all single story rooms, the study actually had two stories, magically expanded in the same area. And there were plenty of books (Brukel mentioned having set up the shelves to have copies of every book in the Potter Family vault, not to mention the dozens of up-to-date books that Brukel had bought under the advisement of Harry. Brukel lead the stunned boy from the study and stopped. "Now this is where I'm sure you'll want to pay plenty of attention. What I'm about to show you is your bedroom, as well as the two other bedrooms." With that said, he lead the boy back into the living room and through another door, calmly mentioning to Harry, "As you notice, the living room is the main room of the house. IT was designed this way as a form of comfort and unity. I do hope you like it." Harry nodded immediately, "This is awesome what you've done, Kel." Brukel smiled and lead the way into the first bedroom. It was the master bedroom- Harry's room. This room, like the living room, was done in dark hues, but the walls were split horizontally, and the upper half was painted white, thus giving the room a brighter, but still warm feel. There was a large bed which Harry guessed was either a King or a Queen sized bed. There was a single bookshelf filled with classic works that Harry had told Brukel he liked including Shakespeare and Mark Twain. On the wall was a set of dragon hide battle robes that Brukel told him belonged to his father. Some of the Potter Families collection of swords was hanging around the room. Harry grinned; this was his home. Brukel showed him to the master bath and Harry's mouth dropped open in shock. There was a huge raised bath tub set in onyx and quartz tiles. There were lillies and other plants within the bathroom that gave the whole room a feeling of being in nature. Before Harry could let all of this settle, Brukel drew him out of his room and to the other two. With the notable difference that both of the rooms were a bit bigger than Harry's, they were close to being the same. Instead of a single queen bed though, there were two double beds, one on each side of the room, two closets, pretty much two of everything. There was a single bathroom between the two, but it was close to being identical to Harry's except that the tilework was in rose quartz and white crystal. After finishing the tour with a look outside (there was a large garden that wrapped around the entire house with a large in ground pool in the back yard), Brukel lead Harry back in to the study. With both seated at one of the desks, Brukel got to the point. "While I know you and I would have loved taking care of everything earlier, it wasn't possible. But as we've now got the cottage set up and the paperwork filed to make you legally the head of the Potter house, I need your okay to take the next steps." He snapped his fingers and a briefcase appeared on the desk between them. Turning it to face him, Brukel quickly unclasped it and puled out a piece of parchment. He unrolled it and placed it in front of Harry who looked it over with a frown. On the parchment were five names, his included. His name had a single line drawn through it, unlike the other four. "We need to make a choice of who will be first, Harry." Harry nodded and looked at the list closely. He looked at Brukel smiled, "Best to follow my mum's advice. Let's get Hermione Granger first." Brukel nodded and took the list back. He looked over the list and sighed, wondering what was so bad that it had been Seen years before. He put the list on the table and stood, closing the briefcase and nodded to Harry, "I'll leave you to plan everything from this end, then." Harry nodded and with a soft pop, Brukel vanished. Harry looked back at the other names and sighed deeply. "Just hold on a little bit longer, Ginny, Luna, Blaise..." He walked from the room to begin setting up for, what he hoped to be, good news.