had ordered for her. It was the very first one off the factory floor. With that done, he made his way to the apparition spot so he could head home. He should even be in time to help the Weasleys set up the decorations for the surprise party he had planned for Ginny for their anniversary. It was difficult lying to her, it always made him feel guilty, but telling her he would be away for an overnight Auror training exercise was the perfect excuse to throw her off the scent. He took a deep breath as he materialized under the tree in his backyard. He still hated apparating, especially as he had been practicing doing it quietly as required by his training. He made his way towards the back door. As he was about to enter, he heard some shouting coming from inside. He figured it sounded like Mrs. Weasley but he wasn't quite sure, so he slipped his wand into his hand, silenced his feet, disillusioned himself and slowly stepped into the house. He quietly made his way through the house, following the shouting, of which he could now make out the words. "…found out Ginny, you could ruin everything. Quickly, get him out of here before Harry comes home. None of us will tell him." That didn't sound good, and the thought of what exactly was happening was all that made him stop outside the door without going in. It didn't take long for him to put the facts together from what he was hearing. Ginny had been cheating on him for over a year. She had been playing on his naiveté. Mrs. Weasley was happy to keep him in the dark about it so long as he married Ginny. He want from angry, to sad, to furious to heartbroken to despair all so quickly he wasn't sure what he should be feeling right then and there. He finally settled on a cold furious resignation. It was as he heard the floo roar again that he slammed the door open the rest of the way. O-O-O-O-O-O- O-O-O-O-O Hermione was in complete shock with everything she had been hearing. She was frozen, mouth hanging open as she heard the two Weasley woman shouting at each other. She almost didn't even react when she heard that Ginny had been cheating for so long, when she heard that Molly wanted them all to keep it a secret. That was almost worse in her opinion. It was only when Bill and Fleur came in that she managed to get control of herself, and was about to tear in to the two Weasley woman. As she opened her mouth to start her verbal slap down, the dining room door slammed open, causing her to jump and twist to face it. To face the cold and furious gaze of Harry Potter. His entrance caused everyone to immediately fall silent. It was quiet as a grave as everyone focused on the obviously very insensed Harry. Hermione had never seen him this angry. He looked like he was almost shaking with suppressed rage. She started slowly moving her hand towards her wand, just in case she needed to cast a shield if he lost control. His reaction at first surprised her. In a quiet, cold dangerous voice he quietly demanded, "Everyone, get out of my house." He hadn't shouted, but it had almost the same effect. She knew she needed to help her best friend, but at the same time. That voice scared her. She would started to turn to leave hoping everyone would follow suite. Unfortunately they did exactly the wrong thing. Mrs. Weasley and Ginny's voice almost sounded as one as they clashed to be heard first. "Harry dear, what are you doing home," Ginny asked as if she hadn't just been caught cheating. "Harry, we can explain, it isn't what it looks like." Molly was almost pleading as she tried to maneuver herself to block his sight with Ginny and Cormac, who was still hiding. Hermione knew exactly what was coming and was still caught off guard. "I SAID EVERYONE GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!" Harry roared. She cringed as she heard the anger in his voice, but it was the crackling in the air that really got her attention. The room started becoming extremely warm, as the air crackled like in an electric storm. If she wasn't terrified of the house coming down on them, she would have found the mass evacuation of everyone humorous. As it is. Everyone running into the floo or out the door was quiet chaotic. O-O-O-O-O-O- O-O-O-O-O Harry was on his 5th scotch as he finished telling his story. Sergeant Major Donaldson had been quietly sipping his second next to the troubled young man, not saying a thing during the whole story. "So that's what happened. I quit my job. Put my house in storage. Came to the airport and bought a ticket on the next available flight. Which just happened to be Paris." Harry was starting to feel his alcohol, but at least he wasn't angry anymore. "So what are you going to do when you get to Paris?" It was a reasonable question. The only problem was there wasn't a reasonable answer. "I have no idea. I just want to get away. Go be on my own. Do some sightseeing. Maybe join a volunteer expedition somewhere. I'll know when I get there." Harry's plans didn't include anything other then getting away from the wizarding world. He knew some people would be upset, but he at least knew he would be away from people that were always using him or hurting him. His musings were interrupted by the next question. "I have a suggestion if you'd like to hear it." The Sergeant Major asked him quietly. The words that he heard next would be the cause of much rejoicing and hatred over the years to come. "What do you know about the French Foreign Legion"