be more healthy first and Quidditch only went so far. It was several hours later, sore in many places, that he finally left and headed towards the Leaky Cauldron. Trudging up the steps he collapsed on his bed and started to fall asleep. He was half conscious when the door to his room opened. Sitting up, he blearily looked around. There was nothing, except a black shaggy dog which he couldn't help but feel he had seen before. The dog looked around before suddenly shifting into a very shaggy-haired and gaunt looking man. "What the bloody hell?" Harry yelped, flinging himself back to the far side of the bed. "Sorry miss, I thought this was- Lily!?" The man gaped, before shaking his head. "I must be seeing things. Anyways, I thought this was Harry Potter's room." "It is," Harry muttered, still bewildered. Too confused to notice the 'miss' and 'Lily' bits. "Oh that dog," the man smirked, "Definitely my godson." "Wait, godson?" Harry asked, eyes widening. "Yeah, I was a friend of his dad and mom's," the man answered. "Wait, does that mean I can live with you? Like, I can leave the Dursley's?" Harry sputtered. "Yeah he, wait I? DURSLEY'S!?" the man roared, grabbing Harry's shoulders. "They put him with those, those…" a list of expletives flew from the man's mouth at a startling rate. "I'm going to kill Dumbledore." Confusion blossomed on Harry's face, and the man suddenly jumped back. "Harry!?" "Yes, who did you think you were talking to?" "Well, a cute younger girl who looked shockingly like your mother, thought she was your girlfriend or something," the man grinned, "Potters seem to have a thing for redheads, or at least they have. Didn't know it was you though." "Wait, girl!?" "Yeah, didn't you know what you looked like? I mean, you were sleeping like that," he said. "..." Harry remained silently staring at the man. "...I'll take that as a no," the shaggy man answered, "Well, it's not that weird, it is a Potter ability after all. You should know." A rapid head shake was the answer and the shaggy man looked upwards, "Merlin help me, I am going to flay that man alive." The man shook his head. "Anyways, I'll introduce myself, again, even though you knew me as a baby. I am Sirius Black, your godfather." "I kind of gathered who you were," Harry said, getting a confused look from Sirius. "You're in the photo album of my parents. Hagrid gave it to me," Harry pulled it out of the side table and passed it over. "Not your name of course." "Bless that half-giant," Sirius muttered, "Well, it's a good thing you learned from here. Everyone thinks I'm a murderer, and I would be if Pettigrew had gotten away." "Pettigrew?" Harry asked. "Our fourth Marauder, and the one that betrayed your parents to Voldemort," Sirius said, calmly. Harry gaped and then something hardened in his eyes. "He's alive?" "Yeah," Sirius answered, "I was going to hunt him down at Hogwarts, but something told me to find you first." "How do we get him?" Harry almost spat. "He's hiding as your friend's rat, the red-headed boy," Sirius said, "All of the Marauders were Animagi, which, when I'm done, you will be too." "Really?" "We had some great times. Your dad was a stag, Lupin was a werewolf, not an animagus, Pettigrew was a rat, and I was a dog," Sirius grinned. "Lupin was the reason we became Animagi." Harry nodded, understandingly. "I'd do the same for a friend." "Excellent, you'll be a Marauder yet," Sirius laughed. Non-Canon Spells Ecasis Mortum - "Encase Death" basically a spell designed by ancient Egyptian wizards to momentarily freeze the possibility of death. Forte Corporis - "Shield Body" similar to the first spell, this one prevents any major harm from being done during a procedure. Manar Seris Anima - "Magic Cut Soul" a spell designed to move a Horcrux to another container. Doesn't have a flawless success rate, not even close. Hence why Bill used the other two spells, to make sure Harry wouldn't die if the Horcrux backlashed. De Author's Notes You lot are probably going to detest me for a few things, so... The Wizarding Populace numbers at around 500,000 in the UK, at least at start. (That one fic I read where it was 9000 made me just wanna facepalm) To be fair, yes Voldemort, but on the other end I mean, come on. So, as for numbers, you can consider that since Grindelwald and Voldemort's disappearance, the magical populace have been less cautious and this allowed a bit of a population growth. As in this fic, with a few numbers how many people attending Hogwarts. Since Hogwarts is free public education, I've deduced that it's mostly muggleborns and somewhat less wealthy purebloods, usually. So, in Hogwarts, about 100 students per House per year. With about 10, with varying purebloods per. To be honest, it's almost a reverse for Slytherin with around 20 muggleborns or less per year. Hufflepuff also lacks purebloods to the point where it's around 2 or 3 per year. So, all in all, around 3000 students. *waves arms all crazily like as yelling MATHS* *arm waving ceases* *waves arms in arch over head and says LOGIC* Also, I don't see why the Potters couldn't have a decent investment, what with Harry's grandparents and all the stuff we haven't learned about them. Plus, the chances of being descended from a founder are high, but... Yeah, Ravenclaw was unexpected wasn't it? *mischievous hand wringing* He's also given Slytherin, painfully weakened and devastated by the Gaunts, who, despite name changes, still held the House, because of the soul connection with Voldemort. So, yeah, call me stupid all you bloody well like, because, quite frankly madam, I don't give a damn. *tilts bowler hat, which, quite probably, clashes horribly with hair* Also- Movie!Harry =/= Book!Harry Movie!Dumbledore =/= Book!Dumbledore Etc. Thats how I have it in my head.