the team. "You're bright and quick on your feet and we could have really used a young mind like yours amongst us." "The prospect of the department was enthralling," Hermione obliged, "but my passion has always been education. I could truly see the difference I could make within Magical Education. The happenings the Department of Mysteries are well, a mystery," Davey laughed in a way that was just loud enough to be awkward, "I couldn't see where my role would be." Davey looked uncomfortable and a little bit sweaty. Hermione had become accustomed to this sort of behavior, though, and just smiled kindly at him before bidding him a goodnight. Before she could get away he grabbed her arm and had a look of determination in his eyes. Hermione was unaccustomed to seeing such an intense emotion written on the face of a Department of Mysteries worker. "Well, if you need a favor from the department you let me know," Davey was unblinking and Hermione was in a state of surprise, "I mean it, Hermione." "Have a good night Mr. Gudgeon." Hermione walked away quickly, a little dazed by the odd turn the conversation took but still intent on finding Harry to ensure he hadn't drunken himself into oblivion again. He wasn't with Ron as the red headed man was sitting with Lavender Brown. Hermione made a mental note to ask Ginny if they were an item again. Not that it matters Hermione reminded herself. In Fact, Hermione would be quite proud of Ron if he were pursuing a relationship with Lavender. She had sustained tremendous injury after the battle. Fenrir Greyback had nearly mauled her and she was found bleeding after the battle. Her face was severely scarred and had similar side effects of lycanthropy that Bill Weasley sustained after his run in with the monster. Even with all the magic in the world, Lavender still needed a cane to help stand and walk at the young age of 19. Shaking her head of Ron's dating life, Hermione looked amongst the crowd for the bright hair of Luna, which she found, but no sight of her best friend. Luna was sitting with her father having a long discussion on the potential endangerment of Bowtruckles, and the possibility of a cover story on the matter. "Luna, where is Harry?" "He told me he needed some time alone and I could sense that his head was all fuzzy." Yes, because he's drunk! Hermione counted to five in her head. "Luna, do you think you could tell me where you think he is?" "I think he's in a confused place right now." One. Two. Three. Four. Five. "But I know that he's gone off to the old DA room," she told the frustrated witch. "And I know that he needs to talk to you, Hermione." Of course the Room of Requirement had been destroyed by the fire, and sure enough Hermione found Harry simply sitting slumped looking at the scorched wall—one of the few walls in the building they were unable to adequately fix. A permanent scar for the castle made by magic too dark to revert. Harry was rubbing his own scar and threw his head back, hitting the wall hard enough to make Hermione cringe. Hermione hadn't seen Harry this drunk in a few months. Since dating Luna the drinking had diminished immensely. Seeing her best friend like this reminded Hermione of the first months after the battle, and the depression Harry fell into. He couldn't stop blaming himself on the deaths. He found Sirius' secret stash of aged fire-whiskey far too quickly for his own good. "When will it stop Hermione?" Harry cried. "The voices?" Panic seized Hermione's heart as she sank down next to her oldest friend. "Voices, Harry? That can't be right. He's dead. We killed him." "Not his voice. The whispers ." Harry looked up at Hermione with a wild look in his bright green eyes and Hermione felt genuinely frightened for the first time in a year. "I know you didn't hear them because you weren't there, but the veil spoke to me, 'Mione. Luna heard it too, back in fifth year when we lost Sirius. I don't know why but every night I hear them while I sleep. I can never remember what they're saying. Or maybe I just don't hear them properly. But I have to go back, 'Mione. I have to hear what they're saying," He looked at her desperately. "That's why I wanted you to take that Department of Mysteries job so bad. I need to get in there," Harry was talking fast, and a few of his words were slurred, but Hermione knew these weren't simply drunk thoughts. She bit her lip, recalling how unenthused Harry had been when she announced that she took a position within the department of Magical Education. "What if it's Sirius? What if he's trying to talk to me?" Hermione sighed. Harry never got the closure he needed with Sirius. "Harry we've talked about his. Sirius is dead," her voice broke on the last word. Harry set his head on Hermione's shoulder and Hermione could feel wetness fall down her arm. Merlin he's drank too much Hermione thought. She hadn't seen Harry cry since Remus and Tonks' funeral. "I know he's dead," he said softly, "but I need this. Isn't there any perk to saving the world? Can't I just go see this damn veil one more time? I've been able to revisit the spots everyone else has died. But not Sirius'. We didn't even have a body to bury," his voice was cracking. Well, if you need a favor from the department you let me know. Hermione heard Davey's words echo throughout her mind. The timeliness of them was somewhat startling and she was a little questionable about Davey Gudgeon's intentions but she knew she had to do this. If only for Harry to be able to settle back into a life of normalcy.