semi rotted basilisk. "The tail is thinner and shorter on this one. It was a female." "Aren't snakes all tail?" Ron asked. "So, you think Slytherin was experimenting with breeding basilisks?" Harry asked, ignoring his friend with the ease of long practice. "Basilisks can't breed," Hermione stated. "Basilisks can only be created by hatching a chicken egg under a toad." "That's why it would be an experiment," Harry stated. Hermione stared at him for a moment before stalking off in a huff. Ron covertly held out his hand and Harry bumped knuckles with him. He loved Hermione dearly, but shutting her down was always an experience to be celebrated. That brought them to something that Harry had been fretting about. He stood up and brushed off his legs, before giving up on further procrastination. "So, Luna." "Yes?" Luna asked and Harry flinched. She just looked so happy. "If you ever endanger my friends again, I'll kill you." Luna's smile dropped in a heartbeat and her eyes filled with tears. "Really?" "I'm sorry, but. . ." he was cut off as a pair of arms wrapped around his middle. "My first death threat! I'm a real investigative reporter now!" Luna sobbed. "I'm so happy. Thank you Harry!" "Don't mention it," Harry replied, awkwardly patting the blonde on the head. She released him off and ran off to take more pictures. "What just happened?" "Loony Lovegood," Hermione stated. Ron just nodded wordlessly. "So, let's get out of here," Harry said. "What about the venom?" Luna asked. "What about the venom?" Harry asked. "Basilisk venom is one thousand galleons per fluid dram to dealers," Luna stated happily. "What?" Ron asked blankly. "Basilisk venom is. . ." "How much venom does a basilisk have?" Harry interrupted. "One thousand and eighty two fluid drams," Luna chirped, "generally anyway." "One thousand and eighty two times one thousand is one million and eighty two thousand," Hermione stated. "This thing is worth one million and eighty two thousand galleons?" Ron asked blankly. "No, just the venom. I'm not sure how much basilisk skin goes for on the market," Luna replied. She produced a knife from somewhere about her person. "I say we skin it and see." "Sounds good to me," Harry replied. (:ii:) Minerva McGonagall could only sigh as her three missing Gryffindors burst into the Great Hall and made a beeline for the Gryffindor table. "Just in time for breakfast." She squinted at the filthy, blood splattered group and frowned as she noticed a smaller, blond figure with a crimson bird perched on her head with them. "Isn't that one of your Filius?" "Hm?" Filius Flitwick hummed, glancing up. "Oh, yes. That's Miss Lovegood." "I didn't know that one of yours had gone missing as well." "If I sounded the alarm every time Miss Lovegood wondered off, this castle would never get any rest," Filius said. "Although, if she's going to be running with your merry band of troublemakers, I'll probably have to keep a closer eye on her." "Does this happen often?" Alastor Moody asked. "Usually not this early," Minerva replied. "At least they made it on the train this time," Pomona Sprout muttered, "unlike their second year. And they didn't get attacked on the train, like last year." "Fair enough," Minerva allowed. She glanced around and noticed that the school healer had begun shoveling as much of her breakfast into her mouth as she could. "Poppy?" "I'm going to lock the lot of them up in observation and throw away the key," Poppy Pomfrey stated thickly before drinking from her goblet and standing. "You wouldn't happen to know who their first class is with, would you?" "Miss Lovegood would be in Care of Magical Creatures," Filius replied. "The rest are with me," Pomona Sprout said. "I didn't plan anything too complicated today, so feel free." "Agreed," Rubeus Hagrid said around an entire leg of lamb he had been working on. "Excellent," Poppy said. "And to think, I thought this was going to be boring," Alastor commented. -End (:ii:) -Author's notes. Howdy. My name is Jack T. Cynical and welcome to my world. If you're one of my regulars, then welcome back. So, another new story and another new fandom. Not gonna lie, been wanting to write something for Harry Potter for a while. This idea just kind of came up and I've been playing with it for a while. Figured, what the hell? New year, new story. What do you guys think? Please keep in mind, I'm American. Everything I learned about talking British I learned from Top Gear. I'm gonna try, but keep expectation low. Updates for this will be relatively sparse. I'm actually in college right now, heading into my last semester and I'm basically getting ready to be in school forty-eight hours a week, so. . .yeah. I'm hoping for one a month, but no promises. Now, I have an old tradition I do at the end of every chapter. Basically, I tell an interesting story that happened to me, usually involving booze, but not always. Now to preface this story, I'm a paramedic student. The program I'm in has us work shifts in the hospital to get experience, without having to get it on the side of the road at midnight during a blizzard. Anyway, so me and my partner have a patient come in. My partner is helping the doctors and nurses and I'm standing back writing vitals for her. The patient wakes up and as far as she can figure, there's a blue-eyed guy standing in the back of the room dressed in all black that no one else is noticing. Apparently, in her culture, that officially makes me Death. Yup. That went about as well as you can imagine. She started screamed, which scared the shit out of the residents and nurses. When her daughter explained the whole fiasco later, I got a raft of shit from my partner. She still calls me Death to annoy me sometimes.