had made the decision to move on, hadn't he? He would never think about a stupid apology this much if it was any other girl. No, he needed to be cool and detached. He had to treat her as any other girl. It should be easy. After all, it was only the opposite of his behaviour of the last two years. Well, no time like the present to break his old habits. 'Enjoying the view, James?' whispered Remus in his ear, smirking knowingly. James glared at him and chose not to comment. Sometimes Remus was too observant for his own good. In the meantime Sirius had also spotted the ladies and had made his way over to him. James had a bad feeling about this. It was very rarely a good idea to let Sirius initiate a conversation. 'Ladies,' Sirius said as he had reached them. 'Did you have a nice summer? Oh, and McKinnon, you are a naughty girl. Your parting comment has occupied my mind for the whole train ride.' 'Only, because you have a one track mind, Black,' replied Marlene, while the rest of the girls looked at them quizzically. James managed to supress his groan. This was starting terribly. He was not ready for another conversation about Marlene's knickers or her lack of them. 'What are you talking about?' asked Mary. She was a tall girl with a long mane of black hair and blue eyes. 'If it has occupied Blacks thoughts for this long, it is probably some filthy rubbish,' quipped Lily. Her eyes were narrowed at Sirius and became even colder when she saw the rest of them approaching. 'Oh great, here comes the rest of the miscreants.' 'Hello to you too, Evans,' said James after he had closed the distance. It probably was a good idea to take control of the conversation before Sirius managed to make this conversation even more awkward. 'I hope you have all enjoyed the holidays. It know Marlene did, but Mary and Alice look well rested too.' 'I was in southern France with my family,' said Alice. She was petite, with should length dirty blonde hair and brown eyes. James liked her. Alice had always been polite to him, even when Lily had been mad at him. She was a romantic and believed that James and Lily would make a great couple. That made her more than alright in James's book. 'It was very relaxing and I got to practice my French.' 'Was Frank with you?' asked Remus. Frank Longbottom was their dorm mate and Alice's long term boyfriend. 'Sadly not,' said Alice. 'He was in Germany with his family. Also, his mother said it would not be proper for an unmarried couple to travel together.' She rolled her eyes at Frank's mother's old fashioned manners. 'Well, she has always been a bit stuffy,' said James. 'But you two get along?' 'Oh yes,' said Alice. 'Mrs. Longbottom is very happy that Frank is dating what she calls a proper girl.' 'What's that supposed to mean?' asked Lily. 'She hardly knows you.' 'It is code for rich pure-blood,' explained Sirius. 'She does not want Frank to date someone of lower status.' 'Wonderful,' said Lily bitterly. 'More people who care more about a person's blood than their behaviour.' For some reason James bristled at the comment. He knew Augusta Longbottom. She was not a bigot. She had supported the Bones's efforts to help Muggle-borns. She merely wanted to keep the family's high status. Finding the right partner war extremely important in pure-blood circles and the higher one climbed the harder it got to find a good match. The Longbottoms were quite well of and highly respected, but not a wealthy as the Potter's or the Black's. The McMillians were a bit worse of, but had a good reputation and a pristine bloodline. It was not a great match for Frank, but it would do. 'She wants to keep the family status,' said James. 'This means marrying another wealthy pure-blood. Status and wealth is important in the pure-blooded elite.' 'Yeah, that's all these people care about,' replied Lily bitterly. 'Never mind that Muggles are getting slaughtered by Death Eaters right now. We have to make sure that our son marry a nice rich pure-blood girl.' That did it. James was really angry now. Was this about Mrs. Longbottom or was she also accusing him of not carrying about Muggles enough? 'Evans, you don't know anything about pure-blood society,' he said coldly. 'You should not accuse all pure-bloods just because some of them are murderers. You are only alienating your allies.' Before Lily could reply, it was their turn to enter a carriage. She entered one with her friends and threw him a nasty look before slamming the door shut. James sighed. He had not even entered the castle yet and he was already arguing with Lily. He should not think about it too much. After all, he had decided to give her up, hadn't he? 'Well, that was a charming conversation,' said Sirius, chuckling. 'I can see why you have been carrying a torch for Evans for so long, Prongs. She really has a sweet personality.' 'Shut it, Padfoot,' growled James. 'And I have told you, that's over. I am going to get it right this year and move on with my life.' 'I really hope you do,' said Sirius lightly. James was unsure whether or not he was being mocked. 'Ah, here is our ride.' A carriage pulled up before them and the four friends settled inside. As James moved to close the door, he glanced to the crowd of waiting students behind them. He spotted Amber Marchbanks a few rows behind them. She did look very pretty in the light of the setting sun. Maybe he should get to know her better. Another girl would hopefully take his mind of Lily. James closed the door feeling a bit better. Maybe this year would not be so bad after all.