and reactions of the infinitesimal beings inhabiting its planet below. She felt small, she realized. Insignificant. And if she didn't matter, did the lives of those lost in the war matter either? "Of course they did!" She scolded herself silently. Heat raced though her body fervently, and it took her a moment to recognize the feeling of shame burning her from within. Every life lost mattered. The names of those lost began to tumble through trembling lips. "Charity Burbage. Florean Fortescue. Ted Tonks. Amelia Bones. Emmeline Vance. Lavender Brown. Sirius Black. Alastor Moody. Colin Creevy. Rufus Scrimgeour." "What are you doing?" The stranger asked as he laid next to her. The heat of his body next to her own startled her, and she wrapped her arms around her middle after scooting away from him toward the edge of the blanket. "Remembering," she stated simply. "Hmmm." "Albus Dumbledore. Nymphadora Tonks. Bathilda Bagshot. Dirk Cresswell. Remus Lupin. Severus Snape. Padma Patil." Her breath caught in her throat, and she swallowed against the hard lump there. Hot tears leaked from her eyes and raced down the side of her face toward her ears, as tears often do when one cries awkwardly while lying down. "Fred Weasley," she choked out as explosions rocketed in the distance. Tears continued to well in her eyes, blurring the fireworks into smeared explosions of orange, green, white, blue and purple. Her heart stuttered in her chest at the realization that the muggle town had omitted fireworks of red and gold from their display. She closed her eyes against the explosions in the sky and sobbed. Calloused fingers gently stroked the tears from her face, and chocolatey brown eyes stared down at her. The eyes were so much like Fred's and George's that she finally realized who was staring down at her, comforting her the best he could. She hadn't seen Charlie since she was a girl, and she chided herself for forgetting his face. "You loved him," Charlie said simply. Katie reached up to touch Charlie's hands, stilling them on her face. "Not like that," she said with a shaky laugh. "Never like Angelina or George. He was my housemate, my teammate; my friend. I could have bloody killed him when Ron gave me a bloody nose at practice and he nearly caused my exsanguination by giving me the wrong bloody end of a Nose Bleed Nougat. "Oh, but did I love him, Charlie. George, too, like a set of older brothers that I never wanted but were forced upon me. Of course I loved him; he was our light, and we lost him. How in the hell is that fair?" Charlie disentangled himself from Katie and laid back onto the blanket with a heavy sigh. Silence engulfed the pair. "It does seem odd, doesn't it?" He finally asked after a few moments more of silence. "What does?" "That so many amazing witches and wizards were stolen from us before their time; and yet we sit here, ringing in the new year. We're at a party where we're supposed to be surrounded by the ones we love, relived that we're all alive and surviving the best we can after the war. "How are we supposed to celebrate a new year when we've left so many behind in the past? How it it fair that I've risked my life for years unnecessarily but now Teddy Lupin doesn't have a family because of a goddamn maniac that let loose on our society with his twisted views? "How can I feel any differently? How can I be relieved and glad to see those faces in that tent when the faces I want to see the most aren't here anymore?" The pair sank into silence once more, staring morosely at the night sky. The fireworks had faded, leaving behind the smell of sulfur and a tinge of blue-gray haze in front of the moon. Katie reached for Charlie's hand, entwining their fingers and squeezing gently once she found it. "I didn't mean to upset you, Charlie." "Nor I you…" He trailed off. She chuckled. How odd it must have been for a witch he didn't know to be calling him by his name. "Katie," she supplied shortly. "Bell?" "Mm-hmm." "That necklace is in awfully poor taste," was his simple reply, and they laughed. For the absurdity of it all. For their friends. For their loved ones. For the realization that the new year didn't feel any differently than the old. For the fact that they found each other at a ridiculous party when they most needed the cathartic release their meeting had provided. Gently, Charlie extracted his fingers from Katie's. He stood, stretching his arms far above his head. He held out a strong hand for her, and she shook her head with a small, sad smile. "You go ahead," the smile read, and he nodded. Katie closed her eyes and breathed deeply. She listened carefully to the sounds of Charlie leaving the paddock; the rustle of leaves beneath his feet, the groaning of aged wood beneath his hands and the tell tale grunt that accompanied him jumping the fence. A few minutes of silence filled the space around her before she opened her eyes. Morose. The word, the feeling that had encapsulated her state of being the previous year… Well, it still fit honestly. She supposed time would heal her wounds, but she found herself wondering how much time would pass, how many new years would feel exactly the same, before she felt any better. Sluggish fingers snaked their way toward her neck, and her fingers tingled when they touched the necklace as if they remembered the feeling of touching this necklace's dark twin. Her fingers curled, and the gold chain dug deeply into the flesh at the back of her neck. A frustrated grunt accompanied the sound of the snapping chain, and Katie flung the necklace across the empty paddock for both everyone and no one to see. Step one.