stop. Please don't stop. Fuck me harder!" Draco smirked. He felt as if he was the most victorious and most powerful student currently in Hogwarts. He was never going to give this up. He would come back and back again and fuck her again and again. "Fuck," He slammed deep inside her and stayed still trying to think of different thoughts besides the squirming woman under him. He pulled out incredibly slow and he gave a small chuckle when she moaned and whined with loss and shook on her legs and almost fell down. "Get undressed," he said before turning around and grabbing his wand from his dropped robes. He wasn't great at transfiguration but he managed to change his robes into something comfortable to lay on. He climbed onto the transfigured robed sofa and laid down on his back. He smirked and looked at the woman undressing before him. Her jeans and panties were off entirely and showed her smooth shaven legs and feet. She looked down at him before taking off her shirt and his cock twitched at the sight of her quite bigger than handful of tits. Her pink erect nipples were demanding to be sucked. She was glistening with sweat and he had a smile on his face as her face still had some of his cum on her. He stroked his womanly juices covered cock and Lily didn't need any encouragement or him telling her what to do. She knew what he wanted and did exactly that. She climbed on and her leaking pussy hovered above his cock. Without further prompt, she dropped down and took him to the hilt in her hot soaked cunt and moaned. He groaned below her and had the biggest smile on his face as the horny woman began riding him. Up and down. Again and again she took him to the hilt and out. "Touch me," Lily moaned and her hands glided over his pale chest. His hands came up and he fondled her sweaty tits. He fondled, groped and squeezed them without shame. He twisted and rolled her nipples between his fingers and made her squeak and gasp in pained pleasure. "Fuck," she writhed, bounced and gasped on top of him. Her juices dribbling on his cock down to his balls. "You're so hard and big." His eyes widened. He didn't expect her to say that. His hands stopped groping her tits and instead moved down her back and he pushed her down. Her tits smashing against his chest and her hot breath tickled his neck before her tongue licked it. His hands moved their journey down to her arse and he began squeezing and groping them and helping her move. She cried out as stars exploded in her eyes. Her legs quivered and her whole body shook on top of him as she took him to the hilt and kept him buried in her. Her moist cunt convulsed and her juices trickled down on his balls. She arched her back and moaned against his neck as every inch of her body was attacked by immense pleasure. It didn't take long for him to finish now that she had orgasmed. He groaned and harshly gripped her arse before pushing her hips up and tried to even get his cock deeper in her ruined cunt. He stiffened, his balls churned and his cock throbbed and pulsed as he came. He exploded inside her and his hot cum painted her pussy creamy-white. It was like eruption had gone off as spurt after spurt of his seed flooded her pussy. "Oh fuck!" Lily screamed. She could feel him releasing his seed inside her and that set her off again in a blinding moment of release as her eyes closed and her body shuddering in ecstasy. A cry of satisfaction left her vulnerable state. They laid like that for a while and just breathed raggedly. His cock was spent but every once in a while cum oozed from his tip inside her juices and cum-filled pussy. Some trickled down his cock onto his balls. Lily climbed off and came down to on her knees and her head lowered down on his cock. She took his juicy cock back in her mouth. She licked, swallowed and sucked his cock clean of her juices and cum. She liked the mixed taste of honey and slight salt. He moaned as she continued to clean on his weakening cock. He so bad wanted to regain his breath, stamina and strength to go again but it seemed like it wasn't happening but nevertheless enjoyed it. She then took one of his sweaty balls in her mouth. She sucked and cleaned it, a heavy smell in her nose that should've disgusted her but she liked the smell of a man's balls. She took the other one in her mouth. "Bloody hell," He murmured. He couldn't understand what was happening and how she was liking this. "You're such a slut." Lily grunted and took her mouth off of his balls and remained on her knees at his side. He gave a sigh of immense relaxation and pleasure before standing up and getting dressed. He ignored her and left her to kneel. He walked past her and patted her hair and when he reached the door he turned around to look at her again and said. "This will be happening again, is that understood slut?" She gulped but nodded. She heard the door close and she gave a sigh before laying down on the floor. "Wow," she said, her eyes dazed with wonder and shame. "That just happened." She touched her lips—her lips that had his cum on them. She could still feel his cum inside her and feel it dribbling down her thighs. "Draco Malfoy just fucked me," she murmured still amazed and just thinking about it made her hot and bothered and more it made her feel and believe she just betrayed her son. "And I enjoyed it."a