them in my direction, along with a ballpoint pen. "The first are documents for your new identity. The second is the agreement that shall give you the flat, for the exorbitant rent of one pound per month until I turn twenty-five." "That's four years." "It will be four years and four days," he said, "until I am of age in the magical world. That amount of time is unfortunately necessary." I flipped through the first file, which proved to contain my California driver's license, a passport, social security card, my birth certificate, and other important things. "Where did you get these?" I said. "Did you go to my apartment and rob my stuff?" I paused as I found something that I didn't recognize. "I've never had a UK residence card." Nor did I ever have the other IDs and documents behind it. I stared at him over the top of the folder. "Where did you get these ?" He made a rough noise that might've been a suppressed laugh. "Muggle identification isn't exactly difficult to acquire." Okay. Nothing to worry about. This wasn't real, so I didn't have to fear forged documents made in my name. This particular card looked passable enough, even if I'd never seen a similar one in my life before. "Well," I said, "at least you took nice pictures of me." Wait a second. My eyes narrowed as I looked from one photo to another. "How did you take these? I've been asleep. And what are those clothes? Did you change me?" "I had Transfigured your clothing," he said, "nothing more. And you hadn't been asleep for these past three days. Just for part of this one." Before a protest was halfway out of my mouth, he said, "If you'd like to relive too many hours of signing paperwork and answering my questions on your life, I can return your memories to you at once." He said that like he was committing some great act of charity. "Why did you take them at all?" "Because you had asked me to do exactly that." "I don't believe you." But that was a lie, wasn't it? There were parts of me that wanted to believe him, that did believe him. Maybe they were the parts that still remembered canon Harry or maybe they were bits of memory that hadn't been entirely ripped away, wisps of three days staining the rest of my mind. With things like the Imperius Curse and Veritaserum, there probably wasn't a thing about me that he didn't know by now. A cold shiver snaked up my spine. Stop being stupid. There is nothing to be afraid of. Controlling minds and bodies, truth serums, Dark Arts, none of that is truly possible outside dreams. He can't do a thing to me, not the me that matters anyway. Not the real one. "Fine," I said. "Give me my memories." He reached into his blazer, took something from an inner pocket. It was a small phial filled with restless liquid of a color that was like mercury mixed with mist. It was attached to a silver chain. He threw it to me. The folders fell from my hands, scattering documents and IDs to the floor. I clapped the phial between my palms. Barely. "What's wrong with you?" I said. "What if it had fallen?" Sounding very tired, he said, "The Unbreakable Charm on it would've lived up to its name." He nodded at my hands. "Go on then, see what you're missing," he said. "You told me that you would likely demand them, so it would be best for me to keep them close." His eyes were the only part of him that turned lively, burning with fevered curiosity. Those eyes made me shudder and look away. "I wonder if you'll be just as right about whether or not you would actually put them back." I took the phial up with my fingers. The memories swirled lazily against the glass. They looked harmless. Beautiful even. But why had I wanted them out in the first place? There had to be some reason for it. Something that would've left me better off without them. Had he done something to me? Something that was too terrible to remember? No, why would he have kept my memories intact instead of just erasing them? And if they were that terrible and he didn't want to erase them, he would've just let them stay in my head, same as he had done with the memories of me gouging out my eye. The reason must have really been mine. Which left me with one question: What could I have wanted out of my head so badly without wanting to destroy it? The memories struck the glass like waves battering a seaside cliff. My shaking arm drifted down to my side. Some questions didn't need answers. Potter didn't look surprised. He took the phial from me. I was numb and still as he put the chain around my neck. "They're yours," he said, not looking at me. "Keep them with you." He then busied himself by gathering the folders and their contents from the floor, taking far longer to collect them than seemed needed. o o o [There is a purpose here, I swear it.] [This fic was inspired by a prompt from the HPfanfiction subreddit, one that was kindly thought up by redditor Avaday_Daydream. I won't detail the exact prompt here because it might spoil a few things. If you do find it yourself, though, be warned: that idea quickly spiraled out of control (as if you couldn't have guessed that already). What would've made for a fun crackfic took a direction that surprised the hell out of me, and is probably making anyone reading this wonder what the description has to do with the actual story. Don't worry, the summary isn't a lie — this is just the setup phase. At least I didn't end with a cheap cliffhanger or anything, amirite?]