kill you!" An angry pink haired James and a laughing Ella are currently circling one of the couches. The girl trying to put as much space as she can between them. "Why? I think it suits you! Really brings out the color of your eyes!" She says before bursting with laughter. Serana just stayed at the entrance staring at the two with wide eyes. "Oh just you wait… I'm going to-" readying himself to jump over the couch, he falls face first on the floor after hearing someone clear their throat. Ella, who was now laughing even harder, shrieked as Potter grabbed her by the hand and pulled her down next to him. "Ow! Hey!" Ella punched him in the arm. "You got no right to complain! I have freaking pink hair because of you!" James exclaims irritatingly. "Oh yeah? Well-" Their little fight was once again interrupted by Serana, who was now standing arms crossed before them. "Are you two done? Good. Potter you're not killing anything, neither are you White. Now apologise for dyeing his hair pink." She said, like a mother scolding her children, massaging her temple, trying to get rid of the upcoming headache. "Yes captain…" They say in unison. "Sorry for dyeing your hair pink..." Though no signs of guilt are shown, an apology is an apology. "Sorry for threatening to throw your cat out of the window…" James responded looking away. What is even...what? Serana, now ten times more tired than she was before, asked Elladora to come with her for a sec, leaving James on the floor. Once in the blonde's room, they sit on the bed. "What's up Cap'n?" Elladora asks looking around the room. "Well… you're friends with Eloïse right?" Serana asked her, nervously playing with her hair. "Best friends! She's like the sister I already have, but like, better! I don't have to share a bathroom with her!" Well someone has priorities. Serana thought amusingly to herself. "Yeah so… she likes you right?" The blonde kept going. "Well I sure hope so! Why do you ask?" The quirky girl asks curiously. "Well the thing is… how do you, you know, make her like you? Not that you aren't likable! But, she's just really hard to approach…" The blonde sighs. The chaser contemplates the question before answering. "Honestly, it's not that hard… she just puts up a tough act most of the time because she doesn't want people to know that she cares. And trust me she cares a lot. One time some Ravenclaws bullied me for weeks because of my bad grades, and when Eloïse found out… well I'm sure you know the story about the three unconscious students having been found tied upside down on trees in the forbidden forest. Man… and that was after I made her promise to not go overboard." Elladora finishes, shaking her head. "I see…" The blonde says lost in her thoughts once again. So she cares after all… "Why do you ask captain? You're not trying to find out her weaknesses so you can bully her and then take over the world do you? If so i won't let you!" The girl says pointing at her face. "What? Why would you think that? I'm not some movie villain!" Serana responds, glaring at her slightly. "Who knows." Ella shrugs. "But why do you ask then?" "I just… want to be her friend." The blonde looks down at her hands, blushing a little. "Friend huh?" Elladora stared at her. "So… you want advice on becoming her friend?" The girl smiled, and Serana nods, and looks away, embarrassed. "I tried everything already! I tried carrying her heavy stuff, asked if she needs help for a test, she doesn't even want to call me by my name… I don't know what to do." She sighs frustrated and runs a hand through her hair. "Well no wonder she doesn't like you!" Elladora calls out bluntly, which causes Seranas eyes to widen. "Wait she said she didn't like me?" She asked in a small voice. "No! I mean… yeah something like that, mostly she's just annoyed by you. But it's no wonder now is it? If there is one thing you should know about her it's that she hates it when people want to help her… that sounds weird, but look it's hard to describe. You see, to her all of your advances probably seemed like you were mocking her or something. Like… i don't know, you underestimate her capabilities and strength and wanted to show her you could do better. She's weird like that." Elladora tells her shrugging at the last part, and Serana just stares mortified. "That wasn't my intention at all! I never meant to make her think I was, like, bullying her or something! If anything I really admire her strong will..." Serana thought back to all those times and realises how the other girl must have felt. Putting her head on her hands so groans. "I'm so stupid." "A little bit, yeah! Captain, if you want to make it up to her you just have to show her that you think of her as an equal! Though be careful not to make her feel superior, she doesn't like that either. What a weirdo, I would love if someone would treat me as a superior being… bow before me lowly scum!" Elladora started to laugh like a maniac, but her little moment of insanity was cut short by the yawn that escaped her mouth. "Wow I'm beat… dyeing people's hair is pretty tiring. Well good night cap'n! And Good luck, it took me like, three months to even get her to tell me her name!" With that she happily skipped out of the room. Leaving Serana to her now, very nervous thoughts. Deciding to make up for all the times she accidentally upset Eloïse first thing tomorrow, she dressed up in her pj's and went to sleep, thinking about a certain dark haired slytherin girl.