will say it again, I simply cannot allow you to make careless mistakes, you're worth too much to me Harry." The tears fell harder as he hugged his guardian a bit tighter and wiped his face on the man's shirt. No matter how often he was reminded of it he still was somewhat amazed by how much Snape cared for him. Despite his reckless behavior he never took what he had with his guardian for granted. He knew how fortunate he was to have someone that truly cared if he put himself in harm's way. "Is it necessary to use me as your personal hanky?" Snape asked in a tone that sounded much less annoyed than he would have cared for. Harry shrugged not caring if he was scolded for it. His guardian wasn't nearly as stern as he had been only moments ago and he was thankful for it. He would have been perfectly content staying in the man's arms, his face buried in his chest for the rest of his life. He wished he knew how to get there without getting into some kind of trouble first. "Into the lavatory with you," Snape instructed. "Wash your face and clean yourself up. Afterwards you can come back here as I have something for you." Harry pulled away from his guardian and looked up at him with a curious face. "Not that you deserve a gift in the least mind you," Snape chided gently. "When Mrs. Weasley informed me of your behavior I had half a mind to return it." "What is it?" Harry couldn't help but ask. "Lavatory," Snape repeated his request. "Wash your face and clean yourself up." Harry wasted no time hurrying in the direction of the lavatory. The moment that the boy was out of his sight Snape smiled softly to himself. He had left the canine in the backyard after Minka and Kermy had inspected the fence that surrounded the property and made certain that there were no areas in which the dog could escape. "Done," Harry announced his presence as he ran back into the parlor. "You will be if you continue to run around this house as though you were raised by a troll," Snape replied as he stood. "You can easily spend the remainder of your summer holiday in your room writing lines." Harry nearly rolled his eyes in response but stopped himself before doing so. He knew that Snape would never make good on his words. Snape snapped his fingers causing Minka to appear at his feet. The small elf bowed deeply before looking up to the man for her instructions. "Despite the fact that our young ward should be spending the remainder of the day in his room thinking about his poor decision making skills I have decided that now would be a suitable time to give him his belated birthday present." Harry felt his cheeks prickle at Snape's words. It was bad enough that he knew that Minka and Kermy could see everything that happened in the house and therefore were all too aware of his punishment, Snape really didn't have to bring it up too. Still, Harry could hardly be cross with the man. After all, he had gotten him another birthday present. "Please show Harry to his present Minka," Snape continued. Minka bowed deeply in understanding before turning her attention to Harry. "Follow please Master Harry," she said in her soft voice before turning and walking towards the kitchen. Harry gave Snape a curious look but the man merely smiled softly in reply. Snape followed the pair of them into the kitchen. He instantly opened his cupboard full of draughts and pretended to be taking stock. He wasn't sure why he suddenly felt the need to appear busy. There was a part of him that wanted nothing more than to go outside with them and see Harry's initial reaction to his new dog. He wouldn't allow himself to do so though. The idea of acting silly over something so ridiculous was preposterous. Seconds later the backdoor closed behind Harry and Snape found himself stealing glances out of the large window that overlooked the yard. He grinned as he watched Bane run towards Harry, a moment later the two of them rolling around on the grass together Harry's face covered in slobber. Snape's attention quickly went back to his stock of potions as he saw Harry running the direction of the house, the dog right behind him. The back door swung open loudly. Not even five seconds later Snape felt Harry's body slam into his own. If it weren't for the counter in front of Snape the pair would have fallen to the floor. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" Harry exclaimed as he hugged Snape tightly. Bane jumped happily at their feet. "You will be responsible for him," Snape forced himself to sound solemn. "You will feed him and see that he is let outside. You will bathe him as well as play with him daily so that he is not over energized." "I promise," Harry nodded as he squeezed Snape a bit tighter. "I mean it Harry," Snape replied. "If he is not cared for he will go back to the pet shop." "He will be," Harry promised. "Just thank you so much!" Snape grinned softly as his hand gently ruffled his son's hair. Despite the misbehavior that they had just dealt with Snape could not deny how well things had been going with the two of them. When Sirius Black had entered their relationship months prior, he had been sure that the man's existence would only harm the relationship that he had with Harry but he had been proven wrong. If anything things had only gotten better with the child. If the boy's behavior in the last few months was any indication of things Snape knew that Harry would not let him down when it came to Bane either. "You are so very welcome." TBC...