blush settled once more on her cheeks. "You know, while I was being crucioed by Bellatrix, I saw you. Your wand was raised, I know you wanted to stop her. I'm sorry you had to watch that." Malfoy couldn't rid himself of those images, no matter how hard he tried. No horror could ever compare to seeing her blood, her beautiful rich red blood spill all over the drawing room. Her screams stayed with him for years, and even now, he would sometimes wake up in a night terror thinking of them. He drew his arm closer to his body, not wanting that disgusting scar any closer to her than necessary. "I was a fucking coward Granger, I should've stopped her." "And what?" She laughed, though the smile did not meet her eyes. "Your aunt was so deranged she would've killed you. She could've done much worse than Crucio. If it matters, I lied to her perfectly under her spell. Everytime I see my arm in the reflection, it reminds me that I was strong enough to survive her, strong enough where others hadn't been. I wear it as my badge of honor, not as something to be ashamed of." "I'm ashamed, of everything that I have done," he admitted. "You were underage Malfoy. I saw the look on your mother's face. I know they threatened her, if not tortured her too. You did what any child would have in your position. I do not blame you." She stared at him determinedly, not flinching when his gaze moved towards her arm. "I don't think I'll ever be able to repay you for what you've done for me, for her. But I think being an Unspeakable will be good for me. Not being allowed to talk about work for one thing, will be a great reprieve I look forward too." She smiled knowingly and nodded. "Yes, and the projects I have for you will greatly test you as well as stretch that same academic muscle that I know we share. I believe I am one of the only Ministers for Magic that have actually contributed to the work of the Unspeakables. Typically, the Heads of each internal Division come up with projects for the team." She looked quite pleased with herself, and rightfully so. Did she ever sleep? He hadn't realized he thought that aloud. "Yes," rolling her eyes. "Harry has been on my case about it for weeks. Except of course, when it's time for me to babysit my godson." She smiled fondly at a picture of a chubby toddler zooming on a mini Firebolt, his jet black hair all too familiar to the Malfoy heir. He spent quite a few afternoons chasing the little ball of energy across the Potter's quidditch pitch. He remembered seeing Granger there last time, laughing in amusement though he wasn't sure if it were because of her godson or Malofy yelling at him like a lunatic. "Are you ready to do this?" she interrupted his musings. He looked up and nodded, towering over her petite frame. "Excellent, let's get right to it- the formal oath binding. Your wand hand outstretched please," she instructed. "Do you, Draco Lucius Malfoy, accept your position as Unspeakable 25?" "I do accept," he replied evenly. A light blue band wrapped around his hand and circles back to wrap around hers. "And do you, Draco Lucius Malfoy, accept the following conditions of your employment: no discussion of work outside your team within the division and the Minister for Magic currently in office, no laws to abide by accept the code of Honor decreed by the Unspeakable Division, and no harming of creature, magical or not unless it is absolutely unavoidable." "I do accept." This time, a bright red band followed the path of the blue, forming a glowing purple band. He felt her magic wash over him, a feeling he never had before- not even with the dark mark. "And finally, do you Draco Lucius Malfoy, accept to work for the better good of the magical world, in pursuit of the ultimate knowledge to better the lives of its people and the evolution of magic itself." "I do accept." A bright yellow light encompassed the purple band, and with a final shudder of magic, a bright green band was formed. He felt the magic nestle into every inch of his body, and was surprised that his crisp black robes had been transformed into an elegant forest green. The crest of the Ministry of Magic was patched over the left side of his robes with an image of a wand directly through its center. "Excellent. Welcome to the team," she said and put forth her hand. He grabbed it gently, realizing how small it was compared to his, and how it fit just right. He genuinely smiled, the first time in many years, as he shook her hand. "Thank you Minister." "Enough of that, it's Hermione. You're going to be seeing an awful lot of me, so prepare yourself. I have a big project that I want to get started on immediately if you have time?" Time. Something so impossible to comprehend yet meant so much to every individual. He nodded and said, "Time is something I have plenty of. What did you have in mind?" "I want you to solve lycanthropy," she smirked and suddenly he felt his stomach drop. Welcome everyone to Unspeakable 25! This story came to me during a night of insomnia after reading Cursed Child. I was slightly disappointed with the story, but nothing made me happier than Hermione as Minister for Magic! Fuck yeah! I felt like a lot of these fan fiction stories were a bit repetitive, so I hope to bring a new take on the Hermione/Draco pairing. I am also looking for a beta, if anyone is interested? With that, here is Unspeakable 25. It will be rated M for language and sexual content. Looking forward to your reviews. Enjoy! Xo MistAccio613