time already. She takes his hand in her own. "I trust you." Charlie squeezes her hand for a brief moment and then leads the way back to the tower. He is surprised when she doesn't show any outward sign of her unease. "Draco!" Charlie calls from the bottom of the staircase. His voice echoes through the tower. When Ginny lets go of his hand, she doesn't grab the back of his shirt. She quietly follows him up the stairs. Charlie walks into the room and sees Draco lying there in his dragonskin. He can't help himself as he steps forward and runs his hands across the scales. A gasp brings Charlie out of his thoughts. Ginny is opening and closing her mouth in amazement. Charlie steps towards her as Draco lifts his head. He bumps into Charlie and snorts hot air when Charlie glares. When Charlie is out of the way, Draco lays his head down at Ginny's feet. "Is this really Draco?" she asks. She sticks her hands out and runs it down the silver scales. "Yeah, I wouldn't have believed it either but he transformed in front of me," he says. He takes a seat near Draco, running his own hands down the scales. Ginny follows his lead. They sit there for a long time. They talk about the patrols he's done recently and about Ginny's secret training of swordsmanship. Charlie can't help but enjoy the time that he spends with his sister and his dragon. "Thanks for showing me this," she says, looking directly at Draco. Then she stands up, dusting her riding clothes off, and looks at Charlie. "I'm going to leave you two. I doubt he's going to change back with me here." Charlie shifts from where he's staring at Draco to his sister. "Let's go home," he agrees. She pats him on the shoulder. "I can make it home just fine. You can stay." "I won't let you ride home by yourself," Charlie argues, standing quickly. "First off, there might be trouble between here and there. And secondly, mum and dad would kill me for letting you ride home alone." She frowns. "You've been waiting to come out here for days now. I don't want you to have leave so early." "Your safety is more important here. I can always come back," Charlie says. She folds her arms across her chest. "Fine. I'm going down to the horses. At least stay to say goodbye." Charlie narrows his eyes at Ginny. "Only if you swear you won't leave without me." "I swear." With that, Ginny turns on her heels and disappears from the room. It takes several minutes before he sees Draco shed his dragonskin. It's just as breathtaking as it was the first time. He comes to stand in front of Charlie, searching his eyes for something. "When you come next time, you should stay," Draco says. Charlie is captivated by his stormy eyes. There's something about them that Charlie can't describe, but he likes. He leans forward and kisses Draco. He pulls away almost immediately. "I'm sorry I shouldn't -" He's cut off by Draco kissing him again. His eyes close on their own volition as he kisses back. He's grinning when they finally part. "I thought you would've realized what I wanted when I told you shapeshifters only transform in front of relatives or lovers," the blond says. "So are you going to stay for a while next time?" He nods. "I will. But right now, I have to ride with Ginny back to the city. I'll see you as soon as I can." He kisses Draco one last time before he leaves. His sister teases him the whole way home about the silly smile he wears. Charlie is laying the blanket on the floor when he hears the sounds of wings flapping. His heart rate increases with excitement as Draco starts to transform. His human feet hitting the floor, barely inside of the tower. "I was just flying until you got here," Draco says, sitting down on the blanket. Charlie picks up a basket from in front of the door. "I have some food, if you would like some." As soon as Charlie sits, Draco kisses him. "Thank you." He grabs some grapes from the basket and pops one in his mouth. Charlie rubs the back of his neck nervously. "I was thinking. Maybe you could move to the city with me." When Draco doesn't answer immediately, he panics. "I know your dragon part considers this home. But I'm still a part of the King's army. I would be putting myself, my family, and you all in danger if I leave and I don't want that. You can always come back here to transform whenever you need to. I just don't want to have to travel nearly a day to see you every once in awhile." The blond kisses Charlie again. "I think that will work out," he says. "When were you thinking about doing this?" "Before next month," he answers. "That sounds good," Draco confirms, leaning back comfortably. "What do you want to do with your treasure?" he asks. "Take it or leave it?" "If I don't take some, I may end up stealing any shiny objects. I doubt that would be good," Draco replies. Charlie laughs. "No it wouldn't. On a similar note, would you mind letting me give my mum back her dinner plates?" "You mean the plates you basically courted me with?" Draco asks, arching his eyebrow. "I didn't court you with plates," he objects. Then after a moment, he frowns. "Okay, maybe I did. The fact still remains that they are my mum fancy dinner plates that I was using and she's going to be hosting a party for people in a few months. She'll realize that most of them are missing." The blond grins. "You can give them back as long as I get to keep a few." Charlie kisses him triumphantly. "That's a deal."