discussing the Department of Mysteries was off-limits. The others reluctantly went back to their own plates and conversations. After one more awe-filled look around the Hall, Charlie looked at Al and asked, "You know the Weasleys, too? The famous ones?" Seeing Al's grimace, Charlie added, "You don't have to answer if you don't want to, that being Question Four and all." Al grinned ruefully. "All this attention will take some getting used to. It's been quiet with just me and my parents at home." Pouring himself more pumpkin juice, he asked, "Do you have any siblings?" "A sister," Charlie said. "Claire. She's five years younger. No peace and quiet at our house." "I'll bet. And yes, I know the Weasleys because they're my parents' friends," Al said, shrugging. "And we think of their kids as our cousins, since our family's pretty small. Hugo's a second year," Al pointed towards him, "and the girl with the braids is his cousin, Roxanne. She's a fourth year, and so is Rose, who is over in Ravenclaw with James. My sister Ariadne is in Hufflepuff, so we have most of the Houses covered. There are other cousins, too, but they're either little kids or at Beauxbatons in France." The boys returned to their meals and chatted a bit with the other younger students, but found that the long day was quickly catching up to them. Al only managed a few bites of pudding before he pushed his dessert away, fighting to keep his eyes open, as Charlie yawned widely beside him. A boy with brown hair nearly to his shoulders stood up and smiled. "First years, listen up," he said, and the new students turned to face him. "I'm Ross. Seventh year, prefect, and your tour guide for the evening. Our first and only stop will be Gryffindor Tower. Let's go." The others laughed and got to their feet, Al and Charlie joining the back of their line as they followed Ross out of the Great Hall. As they joined the throng of students heading for the door, Al saw a familiar face here and there and waved as first years from other Houses called out to him. They looked excited, anxious, and exhausted, just like he felt, and he called back, "Looks like we survived Day 1!" which got a few laughs. "Hey, Al!" Al said goodbye to Jack and Desmond and turned to see that the Slytherins had drawn up alongside them. Eddie and Agnes were watching him. "See you around, yeah?" Eddie asked. He was smiling, but Al could see the worry in his eyes. Al nodded and smiled back. "Definitely. We can swap schedules at breakfast." Looking relieved, Eddie and the other young Slytherins waved good night and followed their prefect downstairs. Al spun around to face his own group and found all the nearby Gryffindors staring. Ross raised an eyebrow. "What?" he asked. Ross shrugged, sending him an appraising look before heading for the stairs. "Watch your step." Up they climbed, Al's feet getting heavier with each step as he tried to memorize the route Ross was taking. The evening became a surreal blur as staircases shifted, paintings greeting passers-by, and Ariadne darting over to sweep Al up in a crushing hug before running off again. Before he knew it, Al was standing in front of his very own four poster bed, the brand new trunk with his initials in bronze laid out at the foot. As the other boys talked and laughed and got ready to go to sleep, Al peeked out the tall, narrow window between his bed and Charlie's. The previous evening, his mother had looked in on him around midnight, finding Al sitting up in bed, wide awake and miserable. One look from her calm, loving eyes had him pouring his heart out, all the hopes and fears he'd hidden away. When he ran out of words, he had just stared at her, willing her to understand. She'd sat down beside him, smoothing down his Green Lantern blanket, tracing the swirling stars and planets with her long, pale fingers. "In Gryffindor or Ravenclaw, at Hogwarts, at home, we're all together under the stars," she'd said before kissing him goodnight. "If you can't sleep, just take a moment to watch the stars in their dance, and know that I'll be watching, too." It was clear night; the nearly full moon beamed at him from across the cosmos. Al smiled and got ready for bed. ~The End~ I wrote my take on the Epilogue in bits and pieces a couple years ago, but when someone told me that this was the actual year, I was inspired to finish and post it in time for September. I'm really pleased with it, and I hope whoever stumbles across this enjoys it too. It's been a fun journey writing Harry and Luna's adventures over the years, and I'm excited to finally pull my ideas for their kids together into completed stories. I know this isn't the most popular 'ship, but that makes every pageview even more special. Thanks for reading, and have an awesome day! Character notes: Al (1st Year), Ariadne (3rd Year Hufflepuff), and James Potter (5th Year Ravenclaw) Fleur and Bill's children are at Beauxbatons, Roxanne is an only child, and Percy's children are very young at this point. They didn't fit in my story, and the Weasley sons having children at different points in time seemed more realistic to me. My own family is very small, and I found myself instinctively downsizing JKR's Next Gen characters to keep things manageable and more familiar to my own experiences. It also left room for my numerous OC's : ) Which brings us to Character Names: A lot of my OC's have names taken from my favorite American TV show of all time, and a few awesome British programs as well, just because I thought it would be more fun that way. Can you guess which shows I've been watching?