magical is halting the process and no one is willing to give me any answers. I will not be leaving until it is solved" Leon could hear his own accent coming through his anger, a common habit among the family. The Ministry Head took a moment to gather himself after realising just who he was standing before. Magnus Derge was a man in his late forties and working at his post for the last decade, he knew very well who the Delacour's were. Not just known in their own country as powerful magical users but were held in high regard in the English Ministry for their actions in assisting the workers in international criminal co-operations, magical species laws and peace keeping. If the Head wasn't tense because of the atmosphere, he would be by the sheer thought of upsetting a Veela… "I may have a way to solve all this very quickly and subtly. Please accompany me to my office. We will speak further there" he bowed his head in gratitude when the two did agree to such an act only after another tense moment of silence. Waving off his followers quickly and leading the way to a far hide-a-way corner of the Ministry floor, the man sent a quiet spell to the one person who he hoped would save his political life. "I hope you can forgive me for my employee's behaviour. It is normally not our custom to disclose such information when it concerns young witches or wizards; however I have contacted someone who may be able to help us. Professor McGonagall from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is the holder of the Quill of Acceptance; every new-born witch or wizard will be written by that quill along with the date of birth. If this little girl is on that list then we can move forward with the adoption" Leon finally breathed a sigh of relief at those words. He looked to his wife with a smile. "However there is the minor concern forming with the prospect that this English born child being raised across the water within the French magical community…" Magnus continued. "There is no concern" Leon interrupted. "I mean no disrespect sir but…" "There is nothing to discuss. I am English born and still retain my citizenship despite living with my French family for most of my life. She will carry my family name which I retained after marriage. I believe there is nothing more to be said here" the Ministry worker gulped in his silence. The words spoken about the two were well whispered through the hallways. Before anyone could say anything further there was a gentle knock at the office door before it opened to reveal a witch draped in green robes and her long greying hair tied up in a bun atop her head. "Ah Minerva. Thank you for coming on such short notice, I know it is usually beyond my place to ask but this is very different circumstances…" "I have heard very well the circumstances. I do not believe any harm will come to the child either way. It may actually make things easier for all parties present if the child was taken by Monsieur and Madam Delacour" the teacher spoke with a tone of certainty and unwavering confidence. Only the set of blue eyes looked to the woman without a hint of shock or surprise. "Ah, well Minerva…I'm sure if I would say it is that easy…there are laws and regulations" the Head of Office tried to piece together a sentence. "Laws and regulations do not describe what to do when a child has been left on their own with only a first name" Minerva easily out spoke the man. Apolline caught the minor detail but it was what had her nervous. "A name? She has a name. Does that mean she's to be a witch?" blue eyes pleaded with the older woman in the room and a small smile appeared on the Professor's face. "She would not appear on my list if she didn't have some form of magical core. I know it to be her; she is the only child to be born on that day with no last name. If you are certain you want the child then I can support your decision" "Thank you Professor. Thank you" Apolline whispered as she hugged the bundle close to her chest as tears filled her eyes. Leon also had a face splitting grin smeared across his face. "Well then, we must sort the paperwork now. May I know the name of the child to be? You may change the name if you wish or keep the one given to her" the man behind his desk had a quill in hand waiting for the reply. Leon looked to the Professor. "What is her name?" "Hermione" And there we are! First chapter done. Please let me know your thoughts on this. Good or bad, it is appreciated and really-really wanted. T his is rather early post; I want to write more chapters before I post anything else online. I like to be a head as the planning is a lot more on this one and I never like leaving things half-baked. I know most people don't take the time but please if you do/don't like what I'm writing let me know in a review/PM; I'm a writer cause I love it but I only post because the feedback is wanted by you guys and girls; what you do like or not does matter to me. So please review! If the feedback is in the positive, this will become my main writing for the next however long it takes (I hate to leave things unfinished) but my one-shots will still pop up every now and then. French translate: Shh, shh petit. Je suis ici. Je suis ici – Shh, shh little one. I am here. I am here. Any others can easily be done through translate Google. Midmoon Kitsune out!