their hands as they gauged Fenrir's reaction. "That is enough. You continue to underestimate her; Pansy is a lot smarter than you give her credit for. I wouldn't have allowed my son to marry her if she was anything less than exceptional. She wouldn't have been chosen by the Dark Lord himself if she was merely average," Lucius stated looking at the group in exasperation as he had warned them again and again that she might try something like this; but back then he had been ignored. ", She is the 8th and far more valuable than the rest of you. I don't know how she did it and I don't care; Get her to the Mansion now!" With little room for questions Lucius promptly turned around and apparated to Malfoy Manor, the group looked at one another in question before begrudgingly following suit; they did not like being told what to do but Lucius did have a point, the Dark Lord would be here in any moment and Pansy needed to be cleaned, treated and properly dressed for his arrival. Once Bellatrix had arrived at the Mansion she thrust the unconscious body into one of Lucius' many servants, rubbing her hands as if the simple touch was infectious, and watched as Pansy was led towards the private showers which only she and Draco were permitted to use. It was almost time, the Dark Lord's plan had almost begun and it would all start and hinge on one person; Pansy Parkinson. . . . Author's Notes: Hello to old visitors and new, I have decided to make some changes to the original story and include a new dynamic which I hope will interest new readers. This will be a plot and character driven story concerning three important characters and they are; Pansy Parkinson, Hermione Granger and Ginny Weasley. Old favourites like Harry, Ron etc will all be making an appearance, some more than others, but the story is predominantly about the earlier 3. Now I will give you a little information about my plan's for this story, no spoilers etc so please don't worry about that… The story will recommence at the end of the war, when the Dark lord has been defeated. The story will take place, at the beginning of the New Year, within the revitalized wizarding school we all know and love; Hogwarts. The older students, who were unable to begin their exams due to the School's demolished appearance, will be returning for their final year. The story will also focus primarily on the relationship between Ginny, Hermione and Pansy (As well as other female cast members such as Luna, Daphne etc etc) and we will see some of them grow closer together as time passes and most importantly heals old wounds. Of course other characters will have their moments to and there will be frequent interactions between the usual cast but with the focus remaining on the relationship, trial and tribulations of Hermione Granger, Ginny Weasley and Pansy Parkinson. There will be fem slash so be warned, there will also be no straight relationships described in this story but merely mentioned in passing or highlighted at points. This will be a very romantic and intimate story for all concerned. This is after all a story about two or more teenage girls who previously felt nothing but animosity towards one another gradually beginning to to fall for one another. And there will also be a growing love situation between various characters with the direction placed solely upon one person who will not be named (By the way that is not a hint that the person is Lord Voldermort as he is evidently dead, and it would just be creepy, so don't worry :P) I will also try to lessen the angst a bit, which is my forte, because I want this story to be not only cheerful but to also be about redemption; in many forms and from many people. I want to explore the characters thoroughly and show you how they are growing as people and helping to form a new sustainable community where prejudices are nothing but a thing of the past. I must warn you there will be hardships especially for Pansy who will face pain beyond her wildest imaginations but I will say no more on this but I left a huge hint as to why she is in pain. Oh and for fans of Ronald Weasley don't worry this story is not going to be an endless bashing of his character, I will attempt to stick to his character as close as possible but like I said this story is about redemption but it also about letting go and moving on. Although if he does such a thing willingly I won't tell you :P I hope you enjoyed this chapter and will offer your opinions and insight; I like to interact with reviewers and get their thoughts and ideas on certain situations. After all two pairs of eyes are better than one. The next update won't be for a while and this story will unfortunately be updated fairly leisurely, depending on interest, when I'm not writing Empty Places or Forever Drifting but I am very keen on this story and I will write it to completion, so don't worry. All the Best :D P.S. This story was brought about by something I heard in Sherlock Holmes, one of my favourite quotes which is the basis for this story. And this is the quote in all its magnificence "All lives end, all hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage" P.S. 2, I would be grateful if anyone who has good grammar skills, as well as overall brilliance :D, would consider beta reading this particular story. I lack certain requirements that make a competent writer and feel that an outside perspective would really help me, I have deluded dreams of writing original stories so any help you could offer would be most kind.