the muggle way, she felt a presence in the room with her again. She knew who it was and tried to not be frazzled by his appearance. But when he began to approach her, she tensed up. She stopped breathing entirely when she felt his body press against hers and his chin rested on top of her head. "I… dishes," was all she could muster. With a wave of his wand the sink emptied. "All gone," he told her smugly. His hands snaked around her waist and roamed her body slowly. The thin cotton of his clothes did nothing to protect her against his advanced. His lips trailed up and down her neck as he whispered to her, "I've had to wait days for this." A shiver ran though her and she was too confused to understand what exactly that shiver was about. Suddenly she found herself being spun around and lifted onto the sink and was at eye level with him. He leaned down and kissed her roughly. The kiss was demanding and aggressive. His teeth nipped at her lips and he held her head with a hand behind it. When he pulled away from her, his eyes were dilated and he was panting. He roguishly wiped his lips with the back of his hands and looked down crassly at her. "Alas we must leave for the Malfoy's" he spoke nonchalantly as if he did not just assault her. As if his hands were not currently still trailing the curve of her behind and slid into the waist of her pants. She found herself lifted off the counter and her lips were once again captured by him. In between the kiss he mumble, "We can afford to waste a few more minutes." In the heat of the moment, she did not realise that her pants were now discarded and her hair was being mussed up. When he pulled away again he gave her a wicked grin, "We'll finish this late. Be good later and I'll try to be gentle." With those words, he wrapped her into his arms and she felt the familiar suction feeling of apparition. When the feeling ended, she heard hushed chattering and felt a breeze on her now bare legs. "Severus!" a loud boastful voice shouted. "Is this your new pet?" "Yes," he told the man curtly but he did push her out for the man to leer at. "I have a meeting with the Dark Lord." "Ever the rule follower," the other man sighed dramatically. "We won! Celebrate a little!" "I would like to get this done and over with," he explained with a smirk. "I plan to have my own celebration late tonight." At those words, looked pointedly at Hermione and pulled her flush against his body. As he did this he bent down and whispered into her ear, "You will be obedient or I will make you suffer." She was reminded that the man had a way with words and knew exactly how to incite fear as she quivered. They walked down a long hallway with checkered black and white marble flooring, which she stared at the entire time. Inside the set of double doors, was an equally empty hallway but this one ended with a large throne at the end of the room. If she were not so scared, she would have scoffed at the fact that the Malfoy's had a throne room. "Ssssseverus, my mossssst faithful sssssservant," the red eyes snake-man welcomed him with open arms. "I sssee you are enjoying your little pet." "Yes my lord," he replied as he bowed politely. He put a forceful hand on her shoulders and applied pressure until she took the hint and got onto her knees. "Obedient," his master remarked. "Yes," he agreed. "Was there something you needed my Lord?" "Potionssss," the snake-man demanded. "My body isss weakening." "I shall make the usual then," he complied. "Sssstronger," he told the other man. "Very well, but it may take longer," "How long?" "Two months," Severus estimated. "At most." "Very well," and that put an end to that subject. But he was not done with his guests. "Mudblood," he called to her. "Come to me." Hermione looked at Snape for an indication of what she should do and at his urging, she approached the reptilian man. Before she knew what was happening said man, if he could even still be called a man, entered her mind and began to pillage her thoughts. If she had thought Snape was rough when he entered her mind then this was on a whole new level of pain. In quick successions images of her time with Harry in the woods flashed before her, then of Ron's death and Harry's goodbyes, then of her time in the cell and finally of her time with Severus. The perverse megalomaniac paused on the memories where Snape ravaged her and ordered her like a slave. Then it all became too much for her and she passed out. She was awakened to the sight of Snape pointing his wand at her. She squeezed her eyes shut and waited for her death but it never came. Instead he belittled her and helped her to her feet, "Foolish weakling," he sighed. "I'm afraid we must take out leave before she becomes sick in your presence." "I sssshall sssee you in two monthssss," the snake-man promised. She couldn't really remember what happened afterwards but she did remember the pulls of apparition, being fed some minty potion, and being tucked into a comfortable bed. A/N- Hello fellow readers! I know that I have an unfinished story but I really wanted to write this one. While i will be updating slower, I will try to make this story more coherent, better edited and overall nicer. I hope you enjoy it! As always, I own nothing and please drop me a comment or message if you want. I like reading your stuff as much as you enjoy reading mine!