"You said it was for 'people like you', like blind people. To make friends and learn how to integrate yourselves to the society and we told you that it would be total bullshit, because what good would it be for you since it was all for muggles and how to mingle with muggles. You are a wizard and there are so many spells you already know that help you around, so most of what could be learnt there would be waste of your time." "I agree, I don't think it'll be of any use, but my parents are adamant about me going there," said Remus quietly. "But I lied to you. Or dunno. Let you guys think your assumptions were correct when you asked if it was for blind people. It's not." Sirius blinked. "Er, what is it then for? For werewolf kids?" Remus shook his head, still leaning against Sirius and trembling slightly. "I- I told my parents during the Christmas break something, and- I didn't need to see their faces to know that it just broke their hearts. I mean, dad said, 'isn't it enough that I am a blind werewolf', that- why-" Remus shook his head. "But then they thought that finally, this would be something that could be fixed, and mum went and bought all these books , and dad started to rave about these camps he had heard about from his coworker, and I promised them that I would at least try and get over it-" Sirius interrupted him gently, but firmly, "Moony, I have no clue what you are talking about. Please tell before my imagination can run any wilder with this - are you a vampire now too? What?" Remus snorted, and it was such a mirthless little snort that it twisted Sirius' heart a little. "I'm gay. Freaking gay, blind werewolf." "Huh," said Sirius intelligently. Was he supposed to say that this was a big surprise? He wasn't that good of an actor. He had thought they had both been on the same page on their dancing-around-each-other-and-waiting-for-the-right-moment. Maybe not. Maybe it had been just Sirius who had thought so. "I hate my fucking life," said Remus quietly. "Well," said Sirius. "Um. Is that what has been bothering you?" Remus sighed. "Kind of. I mean, I know it's not that big of a deal, at least compared to everything else, but..." "It's not," said Sirius decisively. "And you are not going to go to any brainwashing camps. If your parents try to insist on it, Potters will just have to adopt you too." Remus shook his head. "Pads... My parents aren't like yours were. They try to do this only because they care about me. They worry and they want to... fix me." "That's where they always go so wrong, because you have never needed any fixing for anything. So they are making you go to that camp full of strange people all alone and have your hysterics without anyone there who knows what's happening and how to help you calm down? Because they care? " "Yes. Because they think it's a chance to make me just a slightly less of a misfit and possibly get me a chance to not spend my whole life alone." Sirius hugged him tighter and rested his face against Remus' hair, taking a deep breath. "Well they are idiots," he murmured. "And you are a daft bugger. You are not going to spend your whole life alone. There are plenty of people who would love to snatch you away and keep you to themselves, gay or not." Although the 'gay' part d oes help , Sirius added in his mind. "Well there is this one particular idiot who keeps saying stuff like that, but I'm never too sure how serious he is about it," Remus muttered against his shoulder, but Sirius could hear the amusement in his voice. Maybe he hadn't been mistaken in his assumption that they had been roughly on the same page. Sirius felt his heart flipping a little, dangerously. "You should know that the idiot can't help it but always be serious," Sirius murmured against Remus' hair and kissed lightly the top of his head. "Mhm. Maybe I should know - I have never seen him be anything but very, very serious," said Remus. Sirius snickered like a stupid little first year, and his hand found its way to Remus' neck, where it caressed the warm skin and played with the tips of Remus' hair. "Have kept a close eye on me, have you?" He felt happy, like they were finally where they had meant to be for a long time; this was all so new and yet all so familiar - just like them, just like the countless times they had sat together and talked and joked or told stories to each others in the darkness of the nights until they fell asleep - and he didn't even feel nervous - this was just the next step on the road they had been on for a long time now - he felt just lightheaded and content and yes, there were butterflies in his stomach, but they were happy butterflies. "I've tried," deadpanned Remus against his shoulder. "But I think something bright and serious made me go blind a long time ago." This fe els right , Sirius thought, and he turned to cup Remus' head in his hands and kissed him gently, slowly, savouring it when it finally was happening, and that felt even more right, like everything in the universe finally made sense and the world could end there and Sirius wouldn't even care, because every story could have a happy ending if it was ended in the right place, and Sirius thought that their story could hardly ever get a happier place to end than here, on his bed, inside the warm and safe dormitory, with just the two of them, far away from the real world and its complexities.