Something in her voice grabbed James's attention. "What?" "Well, it's just that your stupid pranks and jokes and our feud are probably the only things that kept me sane on this job. You really shouldn't feel bad." "You're kidding." Lily shook her head. "It was fun. I especially liked to piss you off." James looked her in the eyes and his heart jumped into his throat. Her eyes held something that he had never seen from her before. Suddenly, before he could stop himself, he said, "Can I ask you something? And do you promise to answer honestly?" Lily looked at him curiously. She thought for a moment before nodding slowly. "Sure." "Why do you put up with Mr. Hebert?" James could feel something change in her and immediately felt bad for asking. Lily looked down at the floor and said, "I told you—I need the money and he pays well." "I said be honest." "That is honest!" Lily snapped. "Okay, maybe, but it's not the whole truth," James said. James always went too far. He always pushed people too far. When given a boundary or limit, James just had to test it. And for a moment, James thought he had gone too far. But then Lily sighed and said, "I wanted to be a writer." "What?" "I wanted to be a writer. For the newspaper. Mr. Hebert kept making excuses not to hire me. Finally, he said I could work as a secretary and once a position opened up, he would let me have it." "But we've had positions open up while you've been working here," James remembered. Lily shrugged. "Guess he likes me as a secretary." James suddenly got very angry. Of course he liked Lily as a secretary! He was a perverted old man who just wanted Lily to look at. No wonder he forced her to dress like she did. "What's wrong?" Lily asked, noticing his change in expression. "You realise he's just using you because you're pretty. He's a pervert." Lily cocked her head and smiled slightly. "You think I'm pretty?" James stared at her. "Did you not hear the second sentence?" "I heard it, but I already know that," Lily said. "I'm not an idiot." "If you know, then why do you stay?" James asked. "Because I'm stuck! If I leave, he'll never hire me! If I stay, I will never get past this secretary job." "Well, why do you have to work for this newspaper?" James asked. "It's the best one around here. Am I wrong for wanting to work at it? There are a lot of people here who hate Mr. Hebert, but they don't leave because this place is worth it." James sighed. She was right. Then, he got an idea. "Why don't you work for me?" Lily looked up. "What?" she asked incredulously. "Yeah. Work for me! I can get your writing into the newspaper. I have connections. And it will get you away from Mr. Hebert." Lily stared at him. "But you never have people work with you." "Only because I haven't found someone capable or worthy enough. Until now, that is." James could see the blush forming on Lily's cheeks and something about it made him giddy. "I don't know…" Lily said cautiously. "At least think about it," James prompted. "And maybe we could even go out for coffee and discuss it." Lily looked up at him. "Is this just your way of getting me on a date with you?" she accused, but he could tell she didn't mean it. James shrugged. "You're the one who brought up the word 'date,' Love. Though if you'd like it to be a date, I'd be happy to oblige." Lily smiled. "I think I just might take you up on that offer of a job." James grinned. "I would be happy to have you." "And I think I will—" The lift shuttered and started to move. James cried out in happiness and Lily grinned. It stopped on the nearest floor—the fifth. When the doors opened, a small group of maintenance workers were there. In front, a woman with a blonde ponytail and a hard face greeted them. "Glad you're still alive," she said. Lily recognised it as the voice they heard before. "Yeah, that seemed like a very long time. Why did it take so long?" James asked. "Are you really complaining about the way we saved you?" the woman asked. "Thank you," Lily said. The woman turned to look at Lily and smiled. "All in a day's work. Now, don't get stuck in any more lifts." "I'll try my best, but old habits die hard!" James said as the woman and the other workers walked away. "Well, I still have to get to the first floor," James said, walking back into the lift. Lily followed, saying, "And I have to get back to the fourth floor. Maybe we can sort out these files." James pressed the button for the fourth floor and the doors slowly started to close. James picked up his shirt and started to put it on again. As they descended, Lily said, "I will gladly accept your offer of a job." "I gladly accept your application." "And I also accept your offer of coffee," Lily said. "But that was to talk about the job. And you just accepted that," James said, confused. The lift stopped and the light said they were on the fourth floor. "Then consider it a date," Lily said. She reached up on her tip-toes to kiss James on the cheek. Then, as the doors opened, she picked up the boxes—her shoes dangling from a finger—and walked out. James watched her go until the doors closed and he could no longer see her retreating form. He grinned to himself and pressed the number one. The lift was still too hot and moved slower than normal, but James didn't even notice. Thank you for reading, hope you enjoyed. Have a good day/night! ~Jill MissSlytherinxoxo XOXO