years I have been pleading with you to tell me his location." Lilly looked to her husband and cleared her throat. "We left Harry with my sister and her husband." Severus slammed his hands on the table. "Are you mad? You left your baby with that bitch? She hated you and anything to do with magic, why would she take in your unwanted son?" "Please Severus" cried Lily. "Harry was not unwanted. I loved my son and I didn't want to give him up. I honestly thought I was doing best by Harry." From across the table Molly Weasley snorted into her tea, it sounded suspiciously like "bitch". "I still can't believe that she would take in your son and raise him." added Severus. Lily nervously looked away from her one time best friend. James wrapped his arm around his wife and pulled her close to his chest. "We left Harry in a basket on their doorstep early in the morning. We left a note and a large sum of money that would see a Harry through until he became an adult." Molly Weasley screeched so loud that her four other children that were upstairs probably heard her, even through the silencing charm that Albus had put up. " You left a baby in a basket on their doorstep on a cold November morning? I was wrong, you are worse then the Malfoy's. Narcissa would never treat her child in such a horrific manner. Did you at least stick around until your sister found him?" Molly's jaw dropped when the Potter's refused to make eye contact with her. "You didn't did you? You left a fifteen month old baby sitting outside where anything could have happened to him." Molly sat back in her chair in shock. Alice Longbottom looked at her best friend. Since she met Lily on the Hogwarts express her first year, they had been inseparable. Even her going into Hufflepuff didn't ruin their budding friendship. She didn't know that Lily birthed twins. Lily and James went into hiding early in Lily's pregnancy after Dumbledore heard the prophecy. "Your a damn hypocrite, Lily." snapped Alice. "When I thought my Neville was a squib, you preached to me that I should still love and be proud of him. You said that if you had a squib child you wouldn't treat them any differently then Liam. How could you look me in the eyes and lie like that? Does Liam even know about Harry?" Lily lowered her face in shame. "I... I..." stuttered Lily. "We don't have time for finger pointing and name calling." said Dumbledore. "For Harry's safety we must retrieve him from his aunt and uncles house." Dumbledore looked around the table. "Alice and Frank, can you get Harry?" Dumbledore held up his hand when Sirius and James started protesting. "I am afraid that Severus is correct on how Harry will react. James, I don't think he should meet you and Lily until everything has been explained to him." Dumbledore looked to Sirius. "Sirius, I understand that you want to see Harry, but you are hotheaded. Frank and Alice are neutral in this situation and can better explain things to Harry and his family." Sirius wasn't happy but he agreed, he was just thrilled that after so long he was getting to see his pup again. Frank and Alice took the paper that Dumbledore had written Petunia Dursley's address down, and left to get Harry. -a- -a- -a- -a- Frank and Alice stood on the front porch of number 4 Privet Drive. They couldn't believe how every house on the street looked identical. Shaking his head, Frank rang the doorbell. Alice gripped her husbands arm when the door was yanked open by an extremely large man with a large mustache and a red face. "Excuse me Mr Dursley, my name is Frank Longbottom and I'm here with my wife Alice to talk to your nephew, Harry Potter." Vernon's face got impossibly redder. "I never heard the name and I don't have a ruddy nephew." snarled Vernon, and he slammed the door in their face. Frank looked to Alice, then back at the door. Frank was one of the top Auror's on the force, he wasn't going to walk away from this, something wasn't right. Frank rang the doorbell again and continued to ring it forty five more times before the whale of a man wrenched the door open. "You will get off my property before I call the police." bellowed Vernon. Frank raised one eyebrow and stared at the man. "That's a good idea, maybe then you can explain to them the whereabouts of your nephew who was left here fourteen years ago." Petunia came up behind her husband. "Vernon, their from her lot. Let them in before they make a scene." Vernon grunted and stepped aside allowing Frank and Alice in. Alice looked around the house and noted with concern that there were no pictures of a child that resembled James or Lily Potter. There was a very large boy pictured throughout the house that looked like Vernon Dursley in looks, and size. "Where is Harry?" she asked. Petunia sneered at the witch. "We never asked to get saddled with that little freak. My sister left him on our step with no way of contacting her to send the disgusting monster back." "Died he did, when he was eight years old. It wasn't our responsibility to take him to the doctors when he got sick. It was bad enough that we had to house him and take the food from our perfect son's mouth to feed the ungrateful brat." snarled Vernon. Frank whipped out his wand and pointed it at the couple. "Their lying, I can tell. Alice, go get Severus, let's see how well they hold up against him." Alice nodded and apparated out of the house. Frank figured that the only way that they would get the truth is if Severus broke into their minds.