"You were a little shit back then," I informed him as I relaxed, finally comfortable. His grin widened. "And you were an obnoxious little know-it-all. Which one's worse?" My lips pursed in joking annoyance. "Gitface." He was quick to respond. "Arse-kisser." I geared for a challenge. "Wanker." His eyebrows raised. "Swot." "Twatwipe." "Anal neurotic." "Shrivel-dick." "Baddock's arsecrack." "Broderick's butt plug." "Oh, that's so vile." Wait, that last one hadn't come from either of our mouths— My gaze flew to the right and settled on Jeremy's laughing visage. Potter whipped around just as surprised, and Jeremy twittered his fingers at us with an entertained smile. I immediately turned red. "Jeremy," I coughed, and for some reason I felt very embarrassed. "You're back." "I am," he agreed as he picked up his notebook and pen. "Gina was refusing to be put to bed. I was afraid you were going to throw a fit but obviously I needn't have worried." His grin turned almost evil as he gave Potter a friendly nod. "You barely noticed I was gone." Oh, god. Potter smiled back, but even he looked a little red. He looked red and very, very uncertain. Quietly, he distracted himself by focusing on his drink. My blush became even worse with his obvious mortification. Way to conceal that regret that definitely nobody needs to see, mate. "I—" I cleared my throat and patted my cheeks, unwilling to meet any of their eyes. Almost subconsciously, my hands reached for the washcloth and I began wiping the countertop again—god, I was getting real predictable with that habit. I needed to come up with better distractions, and soon. "Well, you know, old Hogwarts acquaintances and all—" Then I noticed table seven trying to catch our attention, which immediately made me sigh with insurmountable relief. "Oh look, table seven is beckoning," I pointed vaguely and hurriedly. "Go." Jeremy laughed again. "On it, boss-lady." He saluted, and with a quick adjustment of his T-shirt, he picked up his orders and finally left. I didn't look at Potter, still embarrassed. "I'm sorry, he's a bit of a joker." "It's cool, really," he said, and I looked at him out of the corner of my eye to see him smiling, still a little pink. Okay, that was a bit optimistic. "He sounds like a good guy." "Mhm," I said, and gulped my water until the blush started to recede. "Would you like another drink, then?" "Oh," he said as he stared at his empty glass. "No, I'm good. Actually, I ought to be going… I'm already a bit late for dinner. I shouldn't have stayed as long as I had." "Oh," I said, and for some reason I felt a bit dismayed. Scratch regret, he probably wanted to erase the entire thing from his memory or something. I tilted my head and forced a smile. "Alright, sure. It was good catching up with you, though." "Yeah," he agreed, slipping out of his stool to give me a little quirk of his lips. I was too involved in my lamentations to fully appreciate how adorable it was. "How much is it?" "Hm?" I frowned before realizing he was talking about the bill. I bit my lip and waved it off. No way was I going to let him pay after that. "Don't worry, it's on the house." "What?" he frowned right back at me. "Don't be silly, I can pay—" "Potter," I cut him off, my hands fiddling with the washcloth in my hand. "I was using you as a test subject, anyway. Consider it an apology for… you know…" "But—" he continued to protest, but fell silent when he saw my pleading look. "Fine," he relented, and the smile returned. "It was nice seeing you, Watts. I might bump into you again." Sure you will. I laughed. The guy was probably never going to darken the Waffling's doorstep again. "Bye, Potter." "See you," he said, and then turned to walk away. I sighed, smile slipping. Then he turned back, almost as an afterthought. My body froze. "You can call me James, you know" he said awkwardly. Uh. "Uh," I uttered, completely nonplussed, and Potter hurried to continue. "I mean, Watts, you don't have to," he said, holding up his palms. "I was just saying—" "It's Eileen," I interrupted, and then paused, bewildered. Had I really just said that? Potter— James —looked surprised. " I proceeded to clarify. "You can be James if I can be Eileen." Wow, way to sound like a total twit. "Eileen," he repeated, and the way he sounded out my name actually made my toes curl. Holy shit. And then he grinned so wide that I had to catch myself before I swooned. This was unnerving. Any more and I would explode. "I'll see you." My lips quirked. "Potter— James ," I tried, and was surprised to find how easy was to say—you know, not in terms of the act of saying words, it was like one syllable—but figuratively speaking. "James," I repeated more confidently, and I think maybe his eyes glowed, but eyes tended to do that because light, and reflection and all, so I dismissed that outrageous thought. "I hope you have a good night." He inclined his head in appreciation before giving me one last smile. And then he left. I waited for ten seconds. Good, no sign of him. Holy fuck on fucking shit. That just happened. That just happened. Were we flirting? We were flirting, weren't we? I was flirting with him. He was flirting with me. We were flirting with each other. Wow, Potter—I mean James—he was here, and we talked like civil human beings—and then we flirted. Oh my god. I sagged against the countertop, feeling strangely exhausted. I needed a drink. Like right now. A/N: Hello! Edited and then reuploaded chapter one. Two might come soon! Gotta explore this alcohol business man, it's too tempting not to. Tell me what you think! See you later. :) R.