that. Feeling a little insulted as he was the captain before Oliver. "Oy," he announced, "Why are we sighing?" Ginny wasn't amused and it was obvious as she told her brother, "Wood is horrible Char." Trying to explain without being rude Hermione stumbled, "Wood is. . . he's . . ." "Terribly obsessed with Quidditch and as his roommate it was horrible," Percy finished for the younger girl. Looking over everyone's outfits Hermione noticed that Dean, Seamus and Harry were the only ones dressed to play. Wanting to stay on topic Hermione waved her hand at Seamus asking for the ball. Lightly kicking it, it rolled towards her. Before it could get very far Hermione stopped it with her foot. Turning towards the Weasley she asked, "Do you have muggle clothes?" Bill and Charlie nodded while the rest mumbled that they did. Hermione sighed. "Well. . . there's a chance of getting dirty and. . . uh. . . wouldn't want your robes to be ruined," she stumbled as Dean, Seamus, and Harry snickered at her. Feeling for his friend as Hermione turned and glared at them. Harry took over and asking the twins, "How hard is cleaning our practice uniforms after a rainy practice?" The twins nodded in understanding. Seeing Hermione blush and stumble caused the somersaults in George's stomach to become firmer. "What is going on with me," he thought, "Granger is Ronniekins crush, I can't like her. Brother code Georgie, brother code." Shaking his head George didn't notice the looks his brothers beside Ron were giving him. They looked over at each and all nodded agreeing to the same thing. "Looks like it's brother bonding time," thought Charlie as Hermione started explaining positions. "Can't believe I'm doing this," she thought before starting, "Using Quidditch" with a shiver, "it'll help understanding football better." "In both sports, there are four different positions. However, instead of seven players. There's eleven in football," she continued to explain. Looking around, she could still see the confusion on faces. Blowing a piece of hair out of her face and with brows furrowed she tried, "There's one keeper, one seeker, two beaters and three chasers? Correct?" Everyone nodded as they all knew about Quidditch even if they didn't play. Hermione's shoulders relax just a little as Dean and Seamus chuckled. This was the first time anyone was her struggling. "There's one goalkeeper who; like a keeper protects the goals," Seamus said taking over, "Oliver's position in Quidditch is a keeper, so in football, it would be the same thing which is a goalkeeper." While Seamus was explaining Dean placed a hand on Hermione's shoulder telling her, "You did well." She smiled at her friend, "Thanks, but I know I wasn't explaining well enough." George was watching Hermione with Dean instead of listening what Seamus was saying. He felt anger over the affection that was being shown and his hands tightened into a fist. Sensing that his twin was annoyed Fred placed a calming hand on his shoulder. Taking a deep breath he waited until George was following his breathing before letting said breath out. "She's a sister," he thought releasing his fist, " That's why I'm acting this way." "Now in Quidditch there are two beaters; they obviously protect the chaser and the seeker," Seamus went over, "In football we can't fly. So, there're four defenders, or in Quidditch terms four beaters." "Like Fred and George?" asked Ginny. Dean nodded as he chimed in saying, "Exactly like Fred and George, however, they don't use beater bats." Looking at each other with confusion they asked "We don't?" Harry chuckled, "No, we're learning a muggle game." Snickering could be heard throughout the group. Neville still had a look of confusion which Dean noticed. "Nev," he called out. Neville looked towards his friend as Dean said, "You'll get the hang of it. Playing is different." Seamus threw an arm over Dean's shoulder proclaiming, "Yeah Dean here was a rubbish player at first." Everyone besides Seamus noticed a pink color on Dean's cheeks the second his friend's arm was upon his shoulders. "Next is a midfielder," announced Hermione taking over the conversation again, "which has three different positions. Kinda like a chaser." "Three?" Neville asked. Hermione nodded saying, "Seamus, have Bill or Charlie set up the field," before explaining, "Left, right and center midfielders." While the three did what was asked she kneeled down to pick up the football asking, "What does it remind you of?" Those that didn't play Quidditch looked at the ball confused while Ginny answered "A Quaffle." "Precisely. A Quaffle is the size of a football," explained Hermione dropping the ball. "You have either worked with or seen being used. Expect you use your feet like so," Hermione demonstrated by kicking the ball to Seamus; who was talking to the two oldest Weasleys, and not paying attention. Not expecting to be hit by the ball he stumbled sideways as those watching chuckled. He tried not showing it, but Hermione had kicked the ball a little hard. If asked, he would play it off as nothing. Coughing slightly Hermione brought the attention back being glad that she enjoyed learning and discussing what she'd read. The trio started walking back after Seamus kicked the ball back towards the group. "The last position is attacker which is a seeker," she started explaining as everyone slowly stopped chuckling, "Instead of one attacker, there's three and they try to kick the ball into the goalpost." "That's Harry and Charlie," Percy said speaking for the first time in a while. Hermione nodded while Dean asked Charlie, "You played seeker?" "Since my second year," he replied, "Made captain my last year." "No wa-," "Deeeannnn," whined Seamus while George and Fred snickered. Standing next to the twins; both Hermione and Ginny nudged their ribs harshly. While Fred rubbed his ribs nudged his sister back; George raised an eyebrow at his friend. "So, who wants to play?" asked Hermione ignoring George's unasked question.