Ginny Weasley." Without a second to waste, Hermione leaned down and claimed Ginny's lips in a soothing, heartfelt kiss. As she pressed her lips to the hottest red head Hermione had ever seen, Ginny fully embraced Hermione's soaking wet body and capitulated within the gentle, slowly placed kiss. Feeling a need to take things a little further, Ginny rolled Hermione over so that she was placed on top, the pair laughing happily with one another as they realised their love was now very much real and very much alive. Ginny took Hermione's lips in her own with a new purpose, preparing to taste as much of the Hermione as she would be allowed. Hermione's hands reached for Ginny's lower back as she pressed the fiery red head against her breath-taking body, the feel of flesh beneath her finger tips causing the brunette's nails to drag their way down her back… Ginny letting out a pleasant moan as she succumbed and shivered from the gesture, her back arching as Hermione viewed pleasantly aroused nipples. While they kissed and drank in each other's presence, Ginny guided her hand towards Hermione's which lay directly above her shapely ass. Taking the hand, and experiencing the thrusting which Hermione was delivering to Ginny's uncovered sex, Ginny placed it to the side… a lasting connection which made this moment feel so much more special. They would hold hands when other parts of themselves separated. As the girl's became enamoured with the taste of one another, little did they know that their night of bliss and unconditional love had only just begun. . . . Author's Note: I hope you enjoyed this chapter; it was written and planned in one sitting so I apologize for any errors whether grammatically or continuity wise. I will most likely improve it at a later date but I felt a real need to write something concerning these two characters. I am planning to write a sequel to this but it very much depends on if you even want to see another one; I will leave this up to your discretion. I've only recently grown to love the thought of Hermione and Ginny being in a relationship thanks to a Fan Fiction story which I honestly can't find or remember… but I will name it after I update this chapter with either a new chapter or a cleaner edit. In this chapter I wanted to focus on the bonds of friendship; how that once strong connection could be severed due to another's jealousy and ill thought out reasoning (Ron) but also, how it can mature into something far more intimate and welcomed (Ginny). This chapter is not in fact planned as I said earlier BUT I do have another three shot coming soon which will involve Ginny and Hermione. Not to mention my other Harry Potter story, A Serpent's Lament which is surprisingly popular with Pansy x Hermione fans. Although don't worry, Ginny is also in the story and is potential love interest for Hermione… she will play a prominent part in the story. I will most likely publish even more one shots involving Ginny and Hermione not only because I find them fresh and unique but also because I find the somewhat more appropriate for one another than the people they ended up with. (Less so Harry x Ginny but most definitely Hermione x Ron. That doesn't mean I hate Ron by the way, I have a few issues with his character and personality, namely, the fact that his is so abhorrently selfish and would only ever act if it benefitted him in some way. This point was further proven when Ron had a fucking hissy fit and abandoned Hermione and Harry during a time when lives were threatened. Only to return through the use of a ridiculous plot device… or because Dumbledore knew Ron would scarper at the first sign of trouble.) Rant over :P I have to admit I was so dissatisfied with the ending of Harry Potter it was all so overly dramatic (A bit like my story in fact, now that I think about it. I might as well dig myself a hole right now :s) and the idea that Hermione loved Ron just felt convenient and contrived, but that is of course my personal opinion and I have nothing but love and appreciation for J.K. Rowling's incredible work. Another point before I leave, I promise. You may have noticed that while Hermione was fully clothed in that scene, Ginny however was not. And before you ask No, that was not me making a silly comparison between Ginny being physically unclothed and Hermione being psychologically so. It was more to show that even in the most irresistible of times, Ginny only ever had thoughts of comforting Hermione and releasing her any burdens she still clinged to. And in the case of Hermione, wanting support and comfort rather than just Ginny's body. They were effectively together in soul, it is really hard to explain but there was a meaning behind it. Hermione could have turned Ginny around and kissed her, she already knew that Ginny liked her but it was because of their close connection that Hermione didn't want to jump Ginny's bones so to speak, but rather have an emotional investment in each other's wellbeing. I know I haven't explained this very well but by god am I trying :P (And before you ask yes, I am British but not posh… no, heaven forfend :P) I hope this is worthy of a review, I like to read the opinions of others because it always influences my work in a positive manner. Whether that be constructive criticism, praise or even a comment telling me to hurry the hell up with next chapter; I always welcome feedback, and if you think this story worthy of that then I will personally thank you for your generosity and send a reply your way. All the best and thank you for reading.