McGonagall read out loud. I looked up to see a long red haired girl walk up and sit on the stool. Then the Professor placed the hat on her head and the hat shouted. "Griffendor!" The Griffendors cheered as Ginny walked over to the table. "Malfoy, Tazzer." The Professor said. A long blond girl walked up. I looked over at where Draco was sitting. He was not even looking at her. How could he not watch to see where his sister was going to be sorted. Instead he was talking to Kate. Sorry, Arguing with her. I sighed. Typical. I looked back at the sorting. The girl had the hat on. "Hufflepuff!" The hat shouted. Wow. A Malfoy not in Slytherin. This has never happened before. I looked over at Draco. He was looking at his sister now. His mouth was open. I smiled. Serves him right not to pay attention to his younger sister. Tazzer walked over to the cheering Hufflepuffs. "Snape, Liz." The Professor said. A dark haired girl walked up. I looked over at where the Potions Master sat. He was looking at her. But it was not a pleasant look. I gulped. If her last name was Snape, then she had to be his daughter. My dad was nothing like him. He was kind and caring. The two of them never got along when they were at school together. I looked at Liz. The hat was on her head. "Griffendor!" The hat Yelled. Liz pulled the hat off, handed it to the Professor, and walked over the the cheering Griffendors table. "That is all." The Professor said, and after rolling up the list picked up the stool. After she left the headmaster walked over to his podium and raised his arms. "Another fantastic sorting. Let the feast begin." And just like that the tables were filled with delicious dishes. I grabbed a plate full of food and ate. The hall was full of chatter. But the only one I had my eye on was Fred. He was sitting at the table next to us and was facing my way. He was sitting with his twin brother, Hermione, Ginny, Harry and Ron. Hermione was on his right side, and Gorge was on his left. Hermione saw me looking so she waved. I just lifted my hand to wave back but did not see the chicken leg tell it was too late. I put my hand down and blushed so big. I hid my face. Hoping they did not see my blush. Fred's POV I was enjoying the feast. All the best foods were there. But I could not stop thinking about Her. I looked over at the Slytherin table. But Pen had hid behind a silver water pitcher. "Its great to have you here Gin." Gorge said. "Why thanks Gorge." Ginny said looking at Harry. We all knew she liked him. She had come downstairs and saw him when he had come over that summer. The sight was hilarious. Gin had turned pink, speechless and ran back upstairs without a word. "It's too bad houses can't mix during the feast." Hermione says. I look at her. So does everyone else. She looks up from her plate. "What?" "Mix up the tables. But then the Slytherins would come over and have a reason to teas us." Ron says looking wide eyed at Hermione. "Was just an idea. The only time we can mix is at the library and in classes. Just seemed nice to see our friends at a meal like this." She said while looking at Ron. "Well, it's not our fault you have friends in another house." Ron said as he took another bite. Hermione was silent. But she gave Ron a angry look. Gorge nudged me in the side. "Defend her. Before there is a fight, and the year is just beginning." Gorge whispered in my ear. I looked over at Ron. A fight between these two was vary conman these days. Starting a new year with them fighting did not seem that bad. "Lets see how it plays out first." I whisper back. I looked at my brother and he had that look in his eye. I know something was up his sleeve. After we all ate, the plates cleared and looked like we had not eaten off them. I looked up at Dumbledore and saw that he was at his podium. His arms were outstretched and there was a smile on his face. "With our bellies full, and our eyes getting heavy, I think it is time for bed. So without farther ado. Off to bed." And the prefects stood up and called out to all the first years. Pen's POV I stood up and walked with Kate and Draco. "All I am saying Malfoy is that I think you were being too hard on her." Kate says. "I was not being to hard on her. If she wants to be a Hufflepuff then fine. But I will not talk to her. She should have been in Slytherin." Draco said in a huff. "You think it is her fault that she is not in Slytherin?" Kate asks with hysteria in her voice. "Give it up Kate. You will never be able to convince him or understand him. At least now she will not follow us around in the conman room." I say to stop them from bickering back and forth. Kate looked at me but did not say anything. "At least you have one good point Pen. Now she won't bug us in there." I sighed inwardly. A job well done. I looked to see the Griffendors climbing the stairs to the seventh floor. I saw Fred and he was walking with Gorge. Gorge looked like he was trying to convince his brother something. But Fred was not along with it. Strange. The two of them never argued about anything. Before I could figure out anything else, we were slipping into the dungeon.