them. Lena was, in fact, quite terrified. The fact that there was only a thin branch separating her from certain injury, even at that altitude, was discomforting, to say the least. She didn't bother trying to look down, as she knew all that would do was send her into a panic. Instead, she allowed herself to ascend until she was level with her friends. The next thing they taught her was how to steer and move around on the broom. The first attempt was an utter disaster, sending Lena skidding across the pitch. The twins raced to her immediately, helping her stand. Grass was stuck in her hair, and the material covering her right knee was torn, having caught on a stray rock hidden in the grass. Her hands were red and raw, her palms scuffed from trying to lessen her momentum. The boys each took an arm and hauled her to her feet. "I'm fine, I'm fine," she assured, dispelling their questions before they could ask. "Show me again." She marched away, retrieving the broom and mounting it once more. Fred and George shook their heads and showed her how to properly fly. She picked it up rather quickly after that. Eventually, they progressed to the point where Lena was as high as the goalposts. She hovered in one of the rings while the boys flew about. "Come on, Lena!" She couldn't tell which was which when they were so far away. She left the goalpost, propelling herself forward until she joined them. "What now?" she asked. The air was much colder up there; she was glad to have chosen a jumper for this endeavour. Even with the thick material, she was shivering. The twins beamed. "We were thinking-" Fred began. "You might enjoy-" "A change of pace," he finished as they both zoomed off above her, their shirts and hair billowing behind them. They fell into a pattern after that. The twins would fly to some new location and proceed to egg Lena on until she reached them. She was glad for it because it kept her from worrying about the height. She flew as fast as she could to wherever her friends were, and she grew more and more confident on the broom. The wind stung her face as she raced to the boys, and she laughed as they praised her like a child. They stayed out so long that the sun had begun climbing in the air. They sat together in the stands and watched the sunrise. Fred and George announced shortly afterward that breakfast was starting, which meant they could sneak in with no one the wiser. George stashed the brooms with the team equipment, and the trio set off for the castle, joining the throng of people in the Great Hall with no one the wiser. Except their dormmates, of course, who only asked for where they'd been. It seemed, however, that someone else had noticed their absence, resulting in Lena standing in the office of the dreaded potions master. Her head rested on her elbow, which was propped on one of his many shelves of ingredients and potions lining the room. The potions master himself was pacing around the room, raging at her about how reckless and irresponsible her actions were. "Why did you sneak out of your dormitory last night?" He finally asked her, turned to look at the girl, who sighed heavily. "Because I wanted to," she answered plainly. She, quite frankly, was furious with him. Without her knowledge or consent, he had cast a tracking charm on her so he could monitor her every movement. She would be sure to cancel it as soon as she could. He had called her to his office after breakfast, via a note delivered by owl. And so, she had strolled down to the dungeon, ensuring her trip take as long as possible. "You were in incredible danger last night." Lena laughed. "Hardly." He narrowed his eyes at her. "Your trousers are freshly ripped, and your palms are scabbed," he stated almost as if he meant it as evidence. "Irrelevant," she argued. "I was most certainly not in danger." "Who were you with?" "What? I wasn't with anyone." Snape scowled. "You went right to the quidditch pitch. You don't know the grounds," he pointed out. "Who were you with?" "No one!" "Ten points from Gryffindor, Miss Harris," he sneered. "It was the Weasley boys in your year, was it not?" "No," she refuted. She wasn't getting her friends in trouble if she could help it. "You have the loyalty of a Hufflepuff," he spat, like it was an insult. She rolled her eyes. "But neither the diligence nor the patience," she repeated what the hat had said to her. "May I go now?" "Come back after dinner for detention," he said as a dismissal, even though she was already halfway out the door, throwing an "Of course!" over her shoulder. Once the door was closed and he was alone, he sunk in his chair. His daughter would be the death of him, he decided. Yay, it's done. So, yeaaaa, welcome to the beginning of a (very long) journey with my OC, Eileen Harris. Hopefully, you'll stick around for the ride. :) This is a trilogy, so I've got a lot of ground to cover. Haha... (kill me). The entire trilogy is focused around Eileen (or Lena). The golden trio might be mentioned here and there, but Lena won't become their best friend or anything. Do not fear though, she has plenty of her own adventures (and she's not stronger than Harry or looking to take down Voldy either... promise!) I'm aiming for two chapters a month - let's see how long that lasts. This is my New Year's resolution, and I'm pretty committed, so hopefully Probity will be done in a year or so. If you have any questions or need clarification, feel free to PM me! :) I don't bite Until next time!