and asks if I'm alright. "Yeah, I'm fine." "How'd you get mud all over your hands and feet?" "I didn't have shoes on this afternoon, remember?" She gives me a pained look. "Why don't you go and wash and we'll do this later? I can tell you're not really listening..." "I am!" I protest. She shoots me a knowing look. "See you in ten." I smile at her and go upstairs. I wash and brush my teeth and dress in my pyjamas and dressing gown, then I go back downstairs to the common room. I curl up in the armchair near the fire, listening to Alice tell me all the things she doesn't know about Transfiguration and trying to convince her that she's a lot better at it than she thinks she is. I'm just starting to feel tired when Mary McDonald comes in, looking slightly harassed. "What's up?" Marlene asks. "Er... Snape's outside, Lily." she says awkwardly. "What?!" Alice stops mid-sentence. "Snape? What does he want?" "He wants to talk to you, Lil." she says. "He's threatening to sleep outside the portrait hole if you don't come out..." I sigh and get to my feet. "But you don't have to go!" Mary says hurriedly. "Just leave him!" "Yeah, let him sleep out there!" Marlene says savagely. "No, it's OK." I say. "I'll go." I drag my fingers through my damp hair and pull the belt of my dressing gown tightly around me. I make my way to the edge of the common room, take a deep breath and go outside. The Fat Lady is in her frame, glaring at Severus through partially closed eyes as she fakes sleep. He's hovering awkwardly, cracking his knuckles and hopping from one foot to the other. Then he opens his mouth: "I'm sorry." "I'm not interested." I say, crossing my arms defiantly. "I'm sorry!" He says again, more urgently. "Save your breath." I snap. "I only came out because Mary told me you were threatening to sleep here." "I was." He says. "I would have done. I never meant to call you Mudblood, it just..." "Slipped out?" I suggest, and my voice sounds bitter and sarcastic in the silent corridor. "It's too late. I've made excuses for you for years. None of my friends can understand why I even talk to you. You and your precious little Death Eater friends-" He winces a little but says nothing, avoiding my gaze. I shake my head in disbelief. "You see, you don't even deny it! You don't even deny that that's what you're aiming all to be! You can't wait to join You-Know-Who, can you?" He opens his mouth and then closes it again without saying anything. It's the final betrayal, the final piece of information I need to realise that a little Muggle-born - a Mudblood like me - is never going to be seen as an equal. Not in his eyes. "I can't pretend any more." I say, sadness creeping into my voice, mingling with the anger and disgust. "You've chosen your way, I've chosen mine." I can see it in my mind now, two paths, two roads. The parting of the ways. "No- listen, I didn't mean-" He says desperately. "To call me Mudblood?" I interrupt. "But you call everyone of my birth Mudblood, Severus." I pause, trying to control myself. "Why should I be any different?" He struggles to think of a reply, but nothing he says will make me feel better. Not after he as good as admitted that he's going to join Lord Voldemort the second he gets the chance. I stare him down for a second, then I swing back through the portrait hole and inhale deeply, pushing a shaking hand over my eyes. I know I've done the right thing. I can't be friends with a follower of Voldemort. Not even Severus Snape. "Lily!" Mary calls, noticing me. "What happened? Are you OK?" "Yeah... I'm fine..." I say unconvincingly. "What did he say?" "Do you want me to tell a professor for you?" "No- I'm OK, really." I say again. "I'm- I'm just going to go to bed. Get an early night, you know..." "Oh, OK..." "I'll come with you." Alice says firmly, following me up the stairs to the dorm. I sit down on my bed. "Are you sure you're OK?" I nod, and then my tear ducts turn traitor on me and my eyes well with tears. "It's not that he called me a Mudblood." I say, trying to clarify myself. "It's that he called me a Mudblood. Someone I thought was... you know, a friend... a good friend..." She nods. "Do you want me to stay?" "No, it's OK." I say. "I know you want to revise. I'll be fine." "You sure?" I nod. "I just need some time to get my head around it." She smiles and nods and looks as if she's going to say something more but thinks better of it. She shuts the door quietly and goes back downstairs. I lie back. Strange, I think, how an eight-letter word ruined years of friendship. Although I suppose it wasn't just the word Mudblood. I can't be friends with someone who wants to follow Voldemort. Maybe it's better that this happened sooner rather than later. Otherwise I could be stuck here in five years time when he's in even deeper, in a world I want nothing to do with. Our friendship was probably doomed from the start. Maybe I have a lot to thank that eight-letter word for. I get into bed and pull the covers over my head. I know something changed today and I know it won't ever be the same again. But maybe that's for the best. I close my eyes and drift slowly into sleep, playing the closing of the portrait hole over and over in my head, watching it cutting me off from the best worst friend I ever had. I know it won't ever open again.