but what could Ginny do? She was quickly running out of options… Hermione was gone, taken by someone who must have had a reason to take her… Was it because of her connection to Harry…? Or maybe it was… no, she couldn't think like that. That was just Ginny's paranoia. But the thought never slipped from her mind, why would someone take a very beautiful and well respected woman who had an equally slim and toned body? But in an unexpected turn of events, all of her questions were answered in the form of a letter. She only happened to stumble upon this letter by sheer chance, had Ginny not gone back to her room she may not have been able to find it, at least for a day or two, because she would have continued to search without sleep until Hermione was found. It was frighteningly cold out, and while Ginny was prepared to brave the cold she decided to go back for her Gryffindor scarf. She had to hurry of course because Harry, Ron, and Luna were waiting for her downstairs rather impatiently, eager to return to their search as soon as possible. And that was when she found the letter resting atop her pillow looking as innocent and yet out of place as possible. Ginny didn't wait, or make any movements towards her scarf, which rested beside the letter; she instead lunged towards the letter and tore it open without a second thought scanning every single word… once, twice, and thrice. The contents of the letter were somewhat overwhelming, but more so terrifying. Finally, comprehension dawned on Hermione's fate… she knew now that Hermione had not left the staircase of her own fruition, she had most certainly been kidnapped. ' If you want to see the 'mudblood' Hermione Granger ever again, then you will follow our every instruction…' The words shone in perfect clarity, the writing still appeared hastily written, but there were clear signs that the writer had written these words again and again on top of each other, supposedly to emphasise how possessed they had become… Ginny was terrified; a soundless whimper left her lips. Ginny knew now, she knew that she had placed Hermione in danger. She had ignored the writer's words and it had come back to haunt her. But, how dare they touch Hermione! How dare they get her involved in all this! Ginny wanted to hurt them, to maul them and never stop harming them until their hearts stopped beating. Hermione was everything to Ginny, more than her own life and she would not stop until Hermione's safety was assured. Anger replaced fear as Ginny was about to sprint down the stairs and make her friends aware of this message, however, unexpectedly, the letter started to burn within her hands. A startled gasp left her lips as blood began to pool from her fingertips, fingers which remained connected to the letter holding her in a powerful grasp that she could not escape. It was almost as if the letter itself were alive. But at the same time, something struck Ginny as quite odd. There was very little pain and no ruptures in her skin; it was like the blood was not her own, but at the same time it was her own. Slowly the droplets of blood began to converge in the centre, splintering into different sections and before her very eyes they began to form words. While the slight burning sensation still persisted, Ginny made no further move to distance her away from the letter and instead held it firmer, if that were even possible. The trail of blood that left her fingers stopping abruptly. The words presented became clearer and clearer until it could finally be properly comprehended, the words fluctuating as if they were ripples in a puddle. ' If you tell anyone about this letter, or that we have the 'mudblood'… then we will kill her without warning.' Slumping against the door, Ginny cradled her head in her hands. This was all her fault. She was the cause of all Hermione's misfortune and now she was going to pay for it. But what surprised her the most is that she didn't care. All that mattered was Hermione's safety and Ginny would ensure she was safe even at the cost of her own life. But still the same question persisted in her mind… Who was this person…? Why were they so eager to talk to her…? But that no longer mattered any more. She would follow this anonymous person's instructions to the letter, literally. She would get Hermione back… And it would all start at 11:00 pm… . . . Author's Note: I hope you liked it; the next chapter should be up sometime in the near future. This story is a three shot by the way, romance only, and the later chapters will be maturely based so definitely expect Mature based content. The next chapter will also be a little more dialogue heavy, as you may have noticed; there was only one line of dialogue but I did that on purpose. I really wanted to delve into Ginny's psyche and dissect how she had come to abandon Hermione so uncharacteristically. I know people will be annoyed with my own interpretation of Ginny but please believe me when I say there will be a huge pay off. Reviews would be very much appreciated but I will leave it to your discretion, even the simplest 'Interesting' or 'I think this needs to be improved'; would be sufficient because I like to get opinions from readers. Whether that is praise, constructive criticism I do not mind as both have helped me improve as a writer greatly. Well, I hope you enjoyed this chapter and I will begin working through the next chapter as soon as time allows but I will make time if this story really kicks off into a new gear. All the best and thank you for reading.