his son and landed the same hand that had been gently holding him not so gently across his backside. "Daddy," Harry whined in response as he quickly hurried into his bed in an attempt to get his bum out of the line of fire. "Absolutely not," James shook his head firmly. "We have talked about this eavesdropping habit of yours and I believe we agreed that it would stop did we not?" Harry nodded as he hastily brushed a single tear from his cheek. The swat hadn't hurt, not really. It was unusual though. His parents had rules that he was expected to follow and there were consequences to those rules but it had been quite some time since they had to be enforced. "What Sirius and I discuss in private is absolutely none of your business," James said in a voice sterner than Harry was used to. "Am I clear?" Harry quickly nodded hoping that his dad could see his action despite the darkness of the room. He didn't trust himself to speak without bursting into tears and in his opinion he was far too old for such a thing. Especially with his godfather right below him, he would be absolutely mortified if Sirius saw him crying over something so minor. "This is your last warning," James said seriously. "If I catch you or hear of you eavesdropping again I will turn you over my knee for a proper spanking." Harry blanched at the threat. His dad had only spanked him a handful of times in his life and he had absolutely no desire to experience it ever again. "I won't," Harry promised in a soft voice. Silence enveloped the dark room before James leaned over and placed a kiss on his son's forehead. "Good night," he said in his normal gentle tone. "Sleep well." "Night dad," Harry replied. He watched as his dad turned and walked out of the room, shutting the door behind him. Without his consent his right hand traveled down to his bum and attempted to rub the sting out. He couldn't understand how earlier that morning he had fallen off his broom without shedding a tear yet his dad swatting him made him want to burst into a million tears. He was thankful that his dad hadn't really lectured him or smacked him until they were in his room. He knew that had it happened on the staircase or even in the upstairs hallway that Sirius would have heard every last word. It didn't matter that Harry knew that his grandfather had disciplined both his dad and his godfather, if Sirius heard him getting into trouble he would be more ashamed than he knew how to handle. Two weeks ago he had been scolded by his mum in front of his godfather. Harry had blushed nearly as red as Ron's hair but if Sirius had noticed he hadn't said anything. Harry had loved his godfather even more after that, an act that he wasn't even sure was possible. Harry yawned as his bedroom door opened once more. Quickly he propped his upper body up on his elbows. A wide smile took over his face as he made out his visitors features despite the darkness. "Harry James," Sirius said in a mock stern voice. "What is this I hear about you eavesdropping on a private conversation?" "Sorry," Harry giggled. "I'll never do it again." "See to it that you don't," Sirius went on as he wagged his finger at the child. "Next time I will be forced to hang you by your toenails from the ceiling for such misbehavior." "Are my toenails long enough for that?" Harry asked in a curious voice. "I will use a spell to make them grow and then hang you up there," Sirius threatened before he reached over and ruffled the boy's hair. "It's nearly midnight Bean," he said in a gentle tone. It was a nickname that only Sirius called him. From the time Harry could eat solid food he was obsessed with beans on toast for breakfast. Sirius would always joke with him that one day he was going to turn into a bean himself. At some point the joke had turned into a nickname. "Get some sleep," Sirius continued. "You'll need it if you plan on having a hope of beating me at Exploding Snap tomorrow." "Can I ask you something first?" "Anything," Sirius agreed with a grin. "What's a secret keeper?" Sirius felt his heart skip a beat at the question. The smile that had just been on is lips quickly vanished. He and James had hoped that Harry hadn't heard their conversation until after they were done discussing that particular topic. "Sirius," Harry said in a soft voice after a moment of silence. "Are you mad that I asked that?" "Not at all," Sirius quickly replied. He felt annoyed with himself that he had let his true feeling show. "It's…it is an immensely complex spell that involves concealing a secret inside of a single living soul. Information is given to this secret keeper and then it is impossible to find out unless the secret keeper tells someone." Harry's eyes grew wide at the explanation. "You must make me a promise though Bean. You must promise me that you will never tell anyone what you overheard tonight. Can I trust you to do that?" Harry nodded quickly. "I promise," he replied feeling absolutely thrilled with the idea that his godfather trusted him with such information. Sirius leaned over and placed a kiss on the boy's forehead. "I know that I can trust you." A wide smile spread across Harry's face. "Alright now to bed with you before your dad scolds me for keeping you up," Sirius chuckled. Harry moved his elbows causing his head to hit his pillow. Sirius took a hold of the boy's quilt and pulled it up over his shoulders. "I'll see you tomorrow," Sirius promised. "Love you kiddo." "Love you Sirius." TBC...