whispers. "Ginny, it's your brother - Charlie." She gives no indication that she heard him. "Ginny, look at me." She snaps her head in his direction, staring at him with unseeing brown eyes. Charlie wants to cry, but he manages to keep the tears at bay. He tries to coax her to stand up, but she is barely more than dead weight. The only thing that causes her to move is order. Charlie swallows thickly as he orders her to move. He sees Neville hovering at the door. "They only follow orders. Order them to move. We need to get them out of here." Charlie is heading to Ginny's room at the hospital, after a good amount of sleep, a shower, and some food, when he sees a familiar face. Charlie feels pleased when he sees the blond. Draco is walking towards the elevator when he spots Charlie already standing there. "Hey!" he exclaims, coming to stand in front of Charlie. "I didn't get a chance to thank you last night." Charlie gives him a smile as they wait. "I'm just glad that everyone is alive. Any word on how your friends are recovering?" "They'll make it. The doctor's say that they should be coming around soon. Your sister?" Draco asks, shoving his hands in his pockets, getting on the elevator. There's still a hospital bracelet around his pale wrist. "Her doctor says she should make a full recovery," Charlie answers. "That's good," Draco says. The elevator ride is short and Charlie is disappointed to see the blond disappear. It's hours before Ginny wakes up. Their parents are sleeping in the chairs of the room, leaving Charlie to sit on the floor. He hears the heart rate monitor speed up. He jumps up and places his hand on his sister's shoulder. He whispers softly, "Gin, you're okay. You're safe." Her eyes fly open and her body tenses. She looks out in fear. It takes a few moments for her to relax. "Char?" "I'm here. Remember anything?" She shakes her head. "Just talking with a classmate and then nothing." "It's okay, Gin. We'll figure this out. I promise," Charlie assures her. "Ron and the twins are stopping by tomorrow morning. Percy and Bill will be here after they get off work. You gave us all a fright." "I'm sorry,"she whispers repeatedly, tears welling up in her eyes. Charlie pulls her into a hug as she sobs against his chest. He runs a soothing hand down her hair and back. "You're safe now. That's all that matters." He doesn't know how long he holds her for, but eventually she falls back to sleep. He's so caught up with her that he doesn't even notice his mother's sobs or his father comforting words. Charlie is eating without really tasting. Ginny has been in and out of sleep most of the day. When she's awake though, her moods are swaying between relief and guilt and almost every other emotion. Charlie is absolutely drained. He doesn't realize that he's asleep until he feels a hand on his arm. He snaps awake. He's met by a pair of grey eyes. He slumps in relief. "It's you." "You look like hell," Draco comments. "Thanks," he mutters. He wipes his face. "What are you doing here?" The blond gestures to his plate. "I'm about to eat." He rolls his eyes, but the smile tugging at his lips ruins the annoyed look. He surveys Draco. The other man doesn't look too much better than how Charlie feels. The hospital bracelet he was sporting is gone. "Didn't you have whatever the others were dosed with?" Draco frowns. "I did, but according to my doctor, I wasn't affected like the others were." "How are your friends?" "Switching between anger and silence," Draco answers, averting his gaze. He looks like he blames himself. "How are you?" Draco meets Charlie's eyes, surprise written on his face. "I'll be fine." He nods. He gathers his tray of half eaten food and stands up. He stares down at Draco. "It's not your fault they were kidnapped. At least you tried to find them." Draco looks deep in thought so Charlie excuses himself. He throws away his trash on the way to the door. He's halfway down the hall when he hears his name being called. The blond is standing in the hallway. "Would you like to get dinner with me when everything is over?" Charlie can't deny how intriguing he finds the other man. There's something about him that draws Charlie's attention and kicks his heart into overdrive. He's digging his phone out of his pocket before he realizes it. "Here, give me your number. We'll figure out the details later." Charlie smiles as Draco gives him his number. Maybe something good came of this mess. When Charlie makes it back to Ginny's floor, all he can hear is screaming. He races towards it. Bill is holding the arms of their parents' neighbor, forcibly dragging him from Ginny's room. The man is shouting something, but Charlie doesn't hear it. All he can hear is the sound of his sister screaming. Their parents are trying to calm her down. Charlie moves around them, taking a seat near her. He wraps his arms around her, quietly reminding her that she's safe. Her screams turn into sobs and Charlie holds her through it. When she finally exhausts herself, Charlie sags in relief. "What was Tom doing here?" His mum shakes her head. "I don't know. He came in with flowers for her and she just started screaming." Dread fills Charlie's stomach. "Do you think he had something to do with what happened?" "Bill seemed to think so." That was all Charlie needed to know. He's sure that if Tom had something to do with it, Bill would bring the full force of the law down on him. He brushes his sister's hair back. He knows she is going to recover, but she's not going to do it alone.