those warm lips pressed tiny kisses along his jaw and sucked along the sensitive skin of his neck. Harry gasped, his heart thrashed violently against his ribcage, and Draco's face lit up at the recuperation. The blond gave a delightful purr that nearly took Harry's breath away. His skin was thrumming with electricity and each touch gave him a soft jolt. But something was niggling at the back of Harry's mind, some reason why he shouldn't be kissing Malfoy out in the middle of Hogsmeade. Alarmed with the sudden rush of logic, Harry gently guided his fingers behind Draco's head to attempt to pull him away gradually. He found himself staring at Malfoy in amazement when the boy let out a loud groan as Harry's fingers touched the soft hair at the nape of his neck. Draco tipped his head back tentatively, timidly offering his neck for ravishing. Molten silver eyes shyly peered at him under drooped lids. The gesture had heat pooling in Harry's lower abdomen, and he knew that he needed to get out now or risk the eternal embarrassment that Malfoy had managed to evoke such feelings of arousal in him. Abruptly, Harry's fingers found purchase on Malfoy's shirt, barely noticing the hammering heartbeat beneath the warm skin, and he pushed Draco off of him. The blond actually mewled at the loss of contact. He stumbled backwards with a dumb expression on his flushed face, his long pale fingers immediately touching his discolored lips in awe. Breathing shallowly, Harry's stomach knotted painfully as he stared at the boy in front of him. "I was kidding. I didn't expect you to actually…" he rasped, wiping at his mouth with his shirt sleeve. "Oh," Draco breathed quietly, face blushing vibrantly as he worried his now swollen bottom lip. Something seemed to click inside Harry's mind as he watched the previously confident Malfoy morph into one full of insecurities and uncertainty. The fingers lowered from Draco's lips to fasten onto his other hand, where the sweaty appendages twisted in unease. "You've been waiting to do that all day, haven't you?" Harry said slowly, and Malfoy's muscles tensed. His eyes became gleaming silvery mirrors and his bruised lips rounded into a soft 'o' before pressing into a thin line. "I…yeah." Taking another swipe at his mouth with the sleeve of his shirt, Harry stared at the boy before him. He looked so…disappointed. His face was crestfallen and miserable, eyes downcast and his warm blush that was caused by the kiss was slowly becoming replaced by a humiliated flush. He didn't look like the tough Slytherin Harry loved to hate. He was just a school boy whose crush had just pushed him away. It seemed so…human. Harry felt guilt wash over him. He was the one who had put that look on Malfoy's face. Normally, the thought would have made him smile, but seeing the- dare he say it- shy looking boy in front of him, something tugged at his heart strings. "What do you want me to do? he exclaimed in exasperation. Grey eyes peered at him cautiously, and the owner of them shuffled his feet. "You can stop wiping your mouth, for a start," Draco said timidly, offended. Harry gave a start and his hand froze where it had been about to touch his lips again. He winced, lowering it hastily, realizing how rude the gesture must look. It wasn't that he was grossed out, necessarily, but his lips felt…odd. "All I want is a chance." "You had a chance, today, on our 'date'," Harry said slowly. "Please, if you call that a real date, then I think you're a lost cause," Draco rolled his eyes, but he turned serious once more upon seeing Harry's face. "Come on, what do you have to lose?" "Pride? Dignity? Self respect?" Harry tried flatly, dully noting that each word caused Draco to flinch. "No!" he exclaimed in frustration, brow furrowing. "You said yes to me for a reason," "Because I wanted to make your day miserable! That was the plan!" Harry argued immediately. "Well, your plan failed. You didn't try all that hard. But I had a goal, too, you know." "To embarrass me by dragging me out on a date with you?" he asked dryly, and Draco winced once more. "You're the one who said yes. Face it, there must have been something there that you liked about me for you to agree, or you wouldn't be here. You don't care that much about making me miserable. There was something in it for you, too," it almost sounded like Draco was pleading with him. "I wanted to show that you can give me a chance. That you can trust me. " "I don't trust you." "I understand that. You have no reason to. But I-" Draco licked his lips nervously. "I want to show you that you can. All I'm asking for is one more chance, Potter. Let me show you." "I…" Harry ran a hand through his hair in exasperation. He couldn't believe this was happening. "This is insane," he stated weakly, and Draco bravely came closer. "It wouldn't be us if it weren't," he smiled slightly, unsurely. Harry cast a look around to see if many people were watching. "Ron and Hermione already think I'm crazy," Harry cautioned "Then this will be no loss to you or them," he drew even closer. "Everyone will stare. We'll be laughed at," Harry persisted as Malfoy came to a stop right in front of him, resuming the place he had been before when their lips had been otherwise engaged. "That's not a no," Draco beamed at him, eyes shining brilliantly as his hand shyly slid down to grasp Harry's lightly. The Gryffindor stared down at their intertwined fingers then back up to the startlingly grey eyes. The smile was infectious, and Harry found himself grinning in return. "No it's not," he agreed, "It's a date." Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed!