hoped not. A force that destructive would annihilate the Dark Lord's enemies without even a second thought. That wasn't good for Dumbledore or the Ministry. Yet why did he feel apathetic at that thought? Lucius bowed deeply. It was obvious that he had just been provided valuable information that not many were privy to. Even if he was the Dark Lord's right-hand man, it didn't allow him all access to his master's secrets or plans. Of course that was why he was Voldemort's right-hand. He could gain more information than the other Death Eaters without being obvious about it. "Now go Lucius for I want them under my control by the end of this school year." Harry knew instantly that Draco would be charged with locating the other elementals. It would be a simple task if he figured out how to get the mark to recognize the others like Voldemort did with the Dark Mark. Anyone branded with that could instantly tell if someone else beared their master's mark. It was handy for the Death Eaters but not for those against them. If Draco could utilize this then Harry would have to be on his guard. There was no way he was going to be carted off to Voldemort and told that he had to do everything he ordered. He would just be another slave to add to the Dark Lord's ever growing collection. That would be the worst year so far in his wizarding life or his life in general. He could do without that thank you very much. "Of course my Lord, it shall be done." Lucius pulled up his hood and placed his silver mask on his face before leaving the throne room as elegantly as if he were walking down Diagon Alley. Harry, not knowing who to follow to continue the vision, remained where he was standing in the throne room. He guessed correctly when the room didn't change though he definitely didn't like being alone with Voldemort in the room even if he were invisible. It still set his nerves on end. "Soon I shall have the power that is rightfully mine, mine by birth right. Dumbledore and his precious Order will no longer stand in my way to victory. I shall rule the wizarding world and create a new order." Voldemort whispered to himself. Standing he conjured a floor length mirror and looked into his reflection expressionlessly. His appearance was beginning to change and that would make it easier to gain future allies before he began the Second War. It would make all of his plans easier to achieve without having the constant worry. He would be powerful… unstoppable. Pulling up the left sleeve of his robe, Voldemort traced the four bands in his forearm. Three of them remained black, while the other was slowly beginning to show signs of silver and moved almost lazily around his wrist. Obviously the bands began to show their colour when he suspected the identity of an elemental. Harry breathed a sigh of relief. Voldemort didn't have any reason to suspect him of being an elemental, let alone his Earth elemental. He watched as Voldemort studied his reflection before realizing that as he obtained control of his elementals his true features began to return. That was why Voldemort was slowly changing his appearance. The more he knew about his elementals the more he knew about himself. Once he regained his true appearance then he would be even stronger and more charismatic as he had once been. Tom Marvolo Riddle would once again walk the earth in his true guise. "Earth, Air, Fire and Water… soon you shall all be mine…" It was whispered so quietly that Harry had to strain to hear it until he looked into the mirror and realized Voldemort was looking directly at him… x-x-x-x-x Harry's eyes snapped open, his breath laboured. That was definitely not a normal dream or nightmare, it was a vision. Just like his usual visions Voldemort always had a way of telling that he was present even if he couldn't be seen. He cursed his stupidity. Just because it wasn't a usual vision of Voldemort didn't mean he should have been careless. If he had been quiet and remained hidden in the shadows, Voldemort would never have known that he was there in the first place. But did he know that it was Harry? Could it have been possible that he believed it was one of his elementals and that was why he muttered that sentence? To entice the elemental towards him? To explain what their future was going to be like? Harry shook his head. It didn't matter he was an elemental anyway. There was no denying it. Everything that had been happening around him lately had occurred due to his magic that was almost a certain thing. However he had believed that it had something to with his thoughts and how they seemed to dwell on the graveyard. After all a graveyard was full of dead things while his gardens were full of life. Letting out a shaky breath, Harry looked around his room. Nothing was normal. No matter where you looked you could tell that something else was going on with one Harry James Potter. There were papers on the ground with moving pictures decorating the front cover. All of his homework was written on parchment and quill yet there was a plain book lying only a few feet away. He was a freak exactly like his relatives often told him. He had always aspired to be normal while others had aspired to be great. As a child he'd just wanted to be Harry… just Harry… but that wasn't going to happen anymore. He had another thing to worry about now and it all came down to two unforgettable facts… He was an Earth elemental… And Voldemort owned him. So hardly any changes this chapter but figured I'd upload it again anyway. Hope you all enjoyed. ~MidnightEmber