the great man usually put on a front while in the company of others. But it seemed this most recent problem had caused his facade to crack, if only slightly. "We must place are trust in Hermione. We cannot disrupt her life or make any attempts to sway her away from the clans. The Siren will know if we do, they have a remarkable ability to hear everything no matter the distance. My hands are tied, and that is something I do not like." "Is there anything we can do? Do you think the clans will allow Hermione to live as an independent woman when she leaves?" "I hope so. Hogwarts was, after all, created to educate young minds and create all the opportunities they could desire. Ms Granger's independence must come before the whims of the clans; we can't allow her to fall prey to their doctrine." Sensing the disgust in his voice, Minerva voiced her concern. "You know something, don't you, Albus. What aren't you telling me?" "The clans… they want her to be married to a member of their clan, and to procreate as soon as she bleeds. I will not allow that to happen; Hermione deserves far better than that. I will not leave her to become a…" Noticing Albus's voluntary silence, Minerva suddenly became frenzied. "Albus? You don't think…?" Grimacing, and rubbing his forehead, Albus replied. "I do. Ms Granger will be used by the clans so that they can use her intelligence to their own benefit; that much I am sure of. But this other ability of hers is what worries me. I need to learn more about this 'miracle.' There must be something she can offer the clans that no other succubus can. I have my suspicions but I don't feel comfortable voicing them, they are too ghastly to imagine." Minerva sat in silence, realising the line of thinking Albus was going down. She had feared this the moment Albus had made mention of 'the miracle.' For what did a dying race need more than an injection of life? "Ms. Granger will be safe until she leaves Hogwarts, and that won't be for another few years. Until then I will place my full confidence in her. She will do what's right and I trust her to control whatever urges she feels while at school. She'll be alright…" And yet, as Minerva watched the Headmaster stare with a steadfast determination, she couldn't ignore the underlying hint of concern hidden beneath his rimmed glasses. … Little did they know that in the darkness, hidden in a thicket of trees, outside the Granger household, stood a scarlet Succubus preparing to make her move. Her eyes trained on the slim figure of a woman who sat on her bed, reading a heavy tome. This was it! After many years of searching she had finally found her. Hermione Granger. Now, finally, the blood ritual would be complete and a miracle would be born. . . . Author's Note: Hello all! I hope you enjoyed the first chapter of my new story. It has been in my mind for quite some time now and I finally found the time to write out the first chapter. I'm going to give you a little background on this story now; what to expect, the people involved and basic stuff like that. No spoilers! Firstly, this story will focus on romance first and foremost. The main character will be Hermione Granger and there will be romantic interest in her not by one but by many female characters. Hermione x multiple female characters. As you can see this story is aimed at a mature audience. There will be a lot of smut and sex in this story; the situations Hermione will be involved in will be unique and I am hoping never before seen in any previous Harry Potter story. I'm going to be quite creative to say the least. Hermione will be involved with eight other female characters. I am not going to reveal the identity of these characters because I want you to figure them out as the story progresses. However, feel free to make suggestions for characters you want to see included in this story. They would have to be female, and if a particular character is heavily favoured then I will include them in the story. For fans of a good story; I'm hoping the forthcoming plot will be to your liking. I am trying to write a smutty story with the inclusion of an interesting plot… only time will tell if I succeed. I know a big question for you readers out there will be: how did Hermione come to be a succubus and how will she be affected by this. Don't worry; you will have your answers in chapters 3 and 4. Updates between chapters may take some time, due to Empty Places being a higher priority, but I'm hoping to make this story just as big. The Succubus will be my second main objective, writing wise. Chapters will be between 3,000 to 5,000 words unless more detail needs to be included. 3,000 to 5,000 is the target and this will hopefully lessen the time between updates, and I mean hopefully. On another note there will be no male involvement with Hermione, in regards to her romance situation. Harry, Ron and the usual cast will turn up as support but will not be included in the romantic situation; more will be explained in the 4th chapter. I've probably left a lot of stuff out but I'll cover that during future chapters. Well, I hope you enjoyed this chapter and are looking forward to some very hot scenes that will be coming up soon. All the best and apologies for the writing, it wasn't up to my usual standards but I hope it was still eligible. Any offers for Beta reading will be gladly accepted, I do need the help. Thanks once again, and I'll be writing soon :D