worst thing you would ever wish to see but we…" Hermione couldn't finish as she spoke to the darkness. She decided to just leave. Hopefully the blonde will forgive her tomorrow. She turned once more just before leaving the room. "I'll stay in one of the guest bedrooms tonight, so you can have your space" However the door was slowly closed behind her blocking the corridors light. Standing behind it was the only other presence in the room. "You will not go anywhere 'Ermione" Fleur was glaring hard at the younger teen, her eyes still holding their golden tinge and a very dark edge. She could see the girl shiver and take a few steps backwards. The hours were long for the confined Veela. Coming down from the extreme emotional feelings both from her coffee induced high and the excruciating grief of seeing her love in blood did a number on her conflicting mind and body. "I'm really sorry. We didn't know what else to do! You lost yourself to your Veela and we couldn't just leave you as you were!" in an instant the taller girl was inches before the brunette, staring up into those eyes Hermione was stiff. "I wasn't lost my 'Ermione. I only wanted you. I wanted to show you everyzing I am willing to give you. My love, my body, my soul. It is yours" she gently traced her fingers down the girl's cheek. The younger teen noticed the talons had returned to their beautiful manicured fingernails, feathers were gone from the girl's skin. Her head was snapped back up to look into darkening eyes. Fleur's expression was hard "You did not want it…Instead I will take you…" her voice held a cutting edge Hermione hadn't heard before but then a grin broke across the blonde's features. "Fleur…maybe this isn't the best…" "Oh non. Zis is an excellent idea. Don't worry, I won't leave any marks upon zat delicious skin" Madam and Monsieur Delacour returned home from they're trip just as dinner was being served. Gabrielle greeted them both with a big hug before they took their places at the table. They ate in relative silence with Gabrielle asking questions on how their work went in Paris. While her husband told their youngest, Apolline took a moment to notice the duo missing from their family dinner. " Gabrielle, dear…Where is your sister and her darling little girlfriend?" it was common for the family to speak their native language when Hermione wasn't present. Not out of any disrespect or insult but it just came naturally and without thought. Sometimes they forget even with the girl in the room, apologizing she normally just giggled and let it slide. Hermione said she's been learning so she wasn't all helpless. The comments that came from her girlfriend at such times made many situations awkward quickly. " They are up in Fleur's room. Hermione said she wanted to talk to Fleur so I left them alone for a while" she went back to finishes her last few mouthfuls. Apolline nodded her head. " They did not have any dinner? I should take some up to them perhaps" " Oh no no. Hermione took a tray up with her. She made this just before you came home. Wanted something to help smooth things over with Fleur" Apolline composed the need to reprimand her daughter for interrupting but let it go this once. She was in a good mood after her day. " I hope it worked then. This was delicious" Gabrielle nodded to agree with her father. Hermione woke to darkness and a really heavy feeling all over her body. The first she learned was because she was in an enclosed room lying face down into her pillow. The second was a body lying almost possessively on top of her, restricting movement. A little fiddling around on the side table before a light blared making her cringe and blink repeatedly. "Why must Lumos be so bright? Augh, what is the time?" still trying to adjust her vision and search the side table for her watch. Glaring at the small thing she had to squint to read the hands. "It's near midnight. Geez Fleur" at the mention of her name the second body occupying the bed shifted and realised unconsciously that her heat source and comforting pillow had moved away from her slightly. Fleur groaned, as to what Hermione could guess many things. Countering the charm with a flick, Hermione shifted to get up. The strong arm wrapped tightly around her waist however wasn't letting her move very far. It instead constricted to bring her back into the centre and snuggled up nicely to the still sleeping Veela. "Even in your sleep you are clingy and unnegotiable" a small smile grew. "What am I to do with you Fleur? I guess feed you, entertain you, and love you is a must; But I expect the same in return you know" Deep in sleep, off in a world that made no sense to anyone. A happy little Veela was dancing around in pure joy. She was content to stay there for as long as possible; then to wake up to even more happiness that was her love. Hey guys, another little one-shot on everyone's fav pairing. I don't have a Beta so any grammar blame on my editing skills. I want to point out this is in no way related to my other story. I have been thinking possible pre/sequel to 'Veela Affection' to give a little background for that one so for now they are in different worlds. Please don't be angry with me, I can't write smut yet. I haven't tried and I didn't want to risk it. Just use your imagination; I'm sure it's just as good as anything I could come up with. I wrote all French in bold this time round, so much easier for us all. I'm sure everyone can get the few French words in there.