you sell and I will be right there to take it." Hermione took a step back and without her wand, sealed the door shut. The loud action caused Draco to jump in shock. He was both alarmed and interested in that spirit. It was a spirit he thought would have died out over the years and through age. Apparently she remained just as unyielding as she did when she pointed a wand at him on numerous occasions. He knew Hermione could get physically violent. But it was her wand and more importantly her mind that he was afraid of. He knew that she meant every single word that she said. Unfortunately for her, so did Draco. "Now what do we do," Graham asked. "I don't want to deal with the bloody police." He didn't want to deal with the Police either. They were more complicated than the Aurors, especially when it came to any business transactions that he had gone through. The first couple years his name had been all over the 'telly' , that box that he and his associates had even got intrigued by. The Prophet was one thing but this form of news was something entirely different and he didn't like it. "We'll wait it out," Draco sighed as he walked hurriedly away from the building. His encounter with Granger leaving him a tad aroused. He had a desire to see her again that he didn't think he would have. "But she said..." "I know what she said," he yelled. "That was only her response for today," Draco looked back at the window to see Hermione close the blinds. "She'll give in. They always do." She tried desperately to regain her balance. It had been five years since she had seen Draco Malfoy. The memory of standing in front of the Ministry, seeing him pale beyond belief awaiting their punishment was not the same man that stood before her this late afternoon. He was close and she was lonely. Quickly she shook her head. That could be the only reason for her body's reaction to his presence. At that precise moment her orange tabby cat decided to walk down the stairs, probably observing the commotion that his owner had undergone. It was a gift from the Weasley's for her twentieth birthday. She named him 'Weasley'. How she missed them, she thought with a sigh as the cat sauntered over and rubbed himself against his owner's legs. She did not want another kneazle, another memory of Crookshanks and what she left behind. Her father had been surprised as well to see Hermione with a non-magical pet. "Yet another reason why I should leave that all behind, right Dad," Hermione muttered as she picked up the feline and walked farther into the shop. Once she was settled with a book in hand and a cup of coffee on the table, Weasley had yawned, stretched and then lain down next to her feet on the floor. He adjusted well to living in Hermione's grandmother's home instead of where she had previously kept the cat. Her former boyfriend did not like the animal or the name. It was demeaning, according to him. Of course is thoughts of her past relationship had not haunted her it was the nagging insistence of one arrogant wizard, Draco Malfoy. Unable to concentrate fully on the book, she let it slide from her lap. What would Draco Malfoy want with a Muggle bookstore on a Muggle street where Muggles resided? He obviously wanted all nine buildings in Triangle Row for a reason. By not giving him what was rightful hers', Hermione was throwing a wrench in his plans. The floorboards above creaked causing both cat and owner to look up. Hermione's heart pounded like crazy as her eyes narrowed at the rooftop. Was it Malfoy trying to get into the building? Perhaps it was just the birds that landed there to roost for the night. Perhaps it was just the age of the building beginning to show. Or maybe it was her domineering ex sneaking around waiting for Hermione to sleep and then he would make his move. She glanced over at her wand that was nearby and checked the wards one last time. She had walked out of the apartment that they shared and come to live here with her grandmother after he had done a number on her. He knew nothing of her Muggle family, believing that they had all died in the war. So naturally he would not know about her inheriting this building unless Draco Malfoy and the other business associates over at Zabini and Parkinson had made the information available. Something told Hermione that he did not take rejection well and so the news of being repeatedly shut down would not be made public knowledge. They valued their pride far too much to let it slip that the brightest witch of their age had denied them what they so desperately wanted. Yet, she could not relax. Hermione quickly looked into her room, the bathroom and even peered once more downstairs at the bookstore to ensure that she was alone. She crawled into bed and tried to stop shaking. The nightmares of her being on the run had stopped when she began dating him . But after his cruelty, they had begun and come to her with double the force. Godric, how she hated him more than anything. She wanted to be free. And free was what she found in Muggle London on Triangle Row with her grandmother. And though she was physically free, mentally she was still imprisoned. Seeing Draco Malfoy had reminded her why she had left the wizarding world. He wanted the reason why she was here? Why was she here instead of soaking up the glory that came with being one of the Golden Trio? She could never tell him. She could never let him know. She could never give up this place, especially not to Draco Malfoy.