"I'm home!" Giulia called brightly, then paused. "Harry? Dudley? Is everything okay?" She came into the kitchen with her wand drawn, and relaxed when she saw only two guilty-looking boys. "What happened?" "Er," said Dudley. "Rogue house elf," Harry said sheepishly. "I think we fixed everything?" The newly repaired dishes had been set on the counter. Some of them were a little mismatched due to a mixup in piles when Merlin had walked through them, and Dudley could see one blue saucer was littered with bits of white and pink ceramic. Giulia eyed the dishes herself, then grinned. "I think you got most of it. I can handle it from here - are you two okay?" "We're fine," Dudley assured her as Harry let out a relieved sigh. "Um, but, Merlin-" At that moment, the cat leapt from the top of the fridge and into Giulia's arms, complaining loudly, and she stared at him in surprise before bursting into laughter. They helped Giulia finish cleaning, despite her protests, and reluctantly accepted when she insisted on paying them anyway, then scuttled out into the hall and went downstairs. As they reached the second floor, a door opened, and a woman in her late twenties poked her head out. She was nearly six and a half feet tall, with dark skin and waist-length hair, and there were a pair of round green spectacles perched on her nose. "Hey, is everything all right?" she called. "I just came in from the shops and saw that all the wards had flickered." "Oh," said Harry, surprised. "Er - rogue house elf. Just caused a bit of a mess." The woman stepped fully out into the hall, and they tried very hard not to be intimidated. "Really? D'you know the elf's name?" She didn't seem angry, just curious, but Dudley had the sudden feeling that if they told anyone Dobby's name, the elf would be in serious trouble. "He didn't say," he said, before Harry could say anything, and didn't dare look at his cousin. The woman raised an eyebrow, but nodded. "As long as he didn't hurt anyone, then," she said, and with a cordial nod, returned to her apartment. The door shone green, briefly, and the boys shared a look before hurrying down to the first floor. Their apartment was on the very corner of the complex, overlooking one of the flower beds, and as soon as they were inside, Dudley flung open the curtains to let the light in. Harry took out the letters and laid them out on the kitchen counter to sort them by date. "What a mess," he said, huffing in annoyance. "What should we do?" Dudley peered over his shoulder at the mail, humming thoughtfully. "I think we need to talk to the Weasleys. Mr. Weasley works in the Ministry, doesn't he?" "Yeah, but how are we going to get hold of them? Dobby could still have this place locked down." They stared warily at the window, as if saying the elf's name would summon him, but when nothing happened, Dudley said slowly, "Maybe I ought to take a bus to the Leaky and use the Floo there." Harry brightened at the idea. "If we leave now, we can probably get there and back before your mum gets home." Dudley said, hesitating, "I think maybe you should stay here for now. What if he's tracing you?" His cousin's face fell, and he looked for a moment like he might be stubborn - but then he looked down at the letters and frowned. "You might be right," he admitted reluctantly. "Are you okay to go alone, though?" "It's not that far, only fifteen minutes," Dudley said, trying to be reassuring. "Lucky Giulia insisted on paying us, though - I dunno if I'd have had change for the bus otherwise." About twenty minutes later, he was in an empty back room at the Leaky, sticking his head through green fire and blinking at the Weasley's living room. "Er - excuse me?" he called hesitantly. A distant humming broke off, and there was a faint clank of dishes. "A moment, dear!" Molly Weasley replied, and before long she turned the corner, drying her hands on her apron. When she saw him, her face lit up, then creased in worry. "Oh! Dudley, isn't it? Are you and Harry all right, dear? We haven't heard from you all summer." "We're fine, ma'am," said Dudley, intensely relieved. "It's a bit of a story, though - do you have a minute?" She listened patiently as he described that afternoon's events - he left out Dobby's name again, but she didn't question it - and when he had finished, she said, "Well, there's just one thing to do!" She smiled warmly at him, eyes merry. "Is your mother home?" Dudley blinked in surprise and glanced at his watch. "Er, she should be soon. Why?" "Well," said Mrs. Weasley, "I thought it might be lovely to have you and Harry come out for the rest of the summer. We can make up for the lack of letters, and perhaps we can settle this house elf problem in the process." "I- that would be wonderful!" said Dudley, surprised. "I mean, I don't want to be trouble-" She waved her hand, smiling. "You wouldn't be," she promised. "Now, you may want to back up." He did so, and a moment later, Mrs. Weasley emerged from the fireplace, a handbag hanging from her elbow, and she beamed at him. "I thought it might be easier to visit in person, in case your area is still locked," she explained. They left the Leaky, and just as Dudley was wondering how they were going to get there, Mrs. Weasley glanced round and raised her wand hand into the air. A large purple monstrosity screeched to a halt in front of them, seeming to materialize out of nothing, and with a jolt of horror, Dudley realized that he was looking at the Knight Bus.