remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory." Diggory's loss will be felt by all of us for many years to come. However, it will be felt by none more keenly than Potter, who was not only there to witness his murder at the hands of the Dark Lord but who brought his body back. How much loss can one boy endure before it becomes too much? Potter has lost his parents, any chance to live with his godfather and now a school friend. What or who could be next? o.O.o 5 March 1996 I am noticing a suspicious rise of students going to see Madam Pomfrey before their Defence Against the Dark Arts lesson. I cannot begin to imagine why that might be… o.O.o 30 May 1996 Peeves redeemed himself today when he stole my walking stick and chased that wretched woman from Hogwarts with it. I could not support his antics openly; it would not have been proper to do so, but I cheered him on silently. I do not, in any way, regret telling him how he was unscrewing the chandelier in the wrong direction. o.O.o 30 June 1997 The wizarding world lost a great man this evening. And I have lost my oldest and dearest friend. I may not have always agreed or completely supported Albus' decisions, especially when it came to Harry Potter, but I always trusted he knew what he was doing. There was no man wiser or braver than Albus Dumbledore. He gave everything he could to Hogwarts and to its students. He did everything he could to stop the Dark Lord from again taking control. His last words to me were to trust Harry Potter. "He is our only hope of winning this war, Minerva," he said. "Trust him." How can I, though? Potter is still just a boy. How can he hope to defeat the Dark Lord when a great wizard like Albus Dumbledore could not? o.O.o 1 January 1998 Our school is no longer safe. It has been overtaken by those appointed by the Dark Lord. I, as well as the other professors, will do what we can to protect the students from the cruelty of Alecto and Amycus Carrow. I fear it is not enough and that students will start dying soon if something more is not done. I know you said to trust Harry Potter, Albus. I know you believed him to be our only hope for defeating He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named. However, I cannot help but be worried for him. For all of us. My greatest fear is Potter will be captured by Snatchers and taken directly to the Dark Lord. And what will happen then? Who will stop Voldemort from slaughtering all in his path? Oh, but I fear you have placed too great a responsibility on Potter's shoulders, Albus. He is, after all, still just a boy. o.O.o 1 November 1998 It seems fitting to end this journal on the date when I first started writing it. Seventeen years have passed since the night we left a baby on the doorstep of some of the most wretched Muggles I have ever encountered. So many things have changed since the night Albus and I left Potter with those horrid people. Children were born, grew up and came to Hogwarts for instruction. I had the privilege of turning many of them into fine young wizards and witches. We would not have won the Second Wizarding War without the bravery and courage of all those young witches and wizards. With them, members of the Order and my fellow Hogwarts staff and aides, we defended our school against Voldemort and his Death Eaters. Our losses were many and will forever be remembered for the sacrifices they made on that May night. Longbottom said it best when he boldly told Lord Voldemort before pulling the sword of Gryffindor out of the Sorting Hat, "They did not die in vain." No, none of those who perished in the Second Wizarding War died in vain. Much more would have died had many of those people not given their lives. Watching Potter stop Voldemort once and for all brought them all justice. However, after months in which to reflect, I am left again thinking about those who have lost the most from this war. It is still the innocent who suffered in the end. It is always the innocent who pay the ultimate price. Was the price worth it? In the end, I would say it was. Voldemort has been defeated, the Death Eaters disbanded and the Wizarding and Muggle world all out from beneath the dark shadow it has been living under for all these years. I content myself with the knowledge that the children who will never know their parents will learn about them through their great deeds. As for myself, I will have the chance to see the next generation of wizards and witches come to Hogwarts. Lord help us at the brood the Weasleys will unleash upon us… I am reminded now of something that Albus said during the Triwizard Tournament: "It matters not what someone is born but what they grow to be." Indeed, Albus. Indeed. o.O.o.O.o A/N: Hello all and welcome! Hope the new year has been kind to all of you! Just a small disclaimer that I am not an expert in writing U.K. English by any means. If you see a word that is wrong do feel free to PM me or drop me a line in a review to point it out (I don't bite, promise!) This piece was written as part of the 2017 Writer's Anonymous Alternate Writing Forum Challenge. My form was Epistolary, which is a story told through a series of letters, but it can also be told through diary entries, newspaper clippings, e-mails, or other methods of communication. Please if you like this piece, follow/favourite it!