and ended up half way up one of the moving staircases, resulting him in almost toppling over at the unexpectedly uneven ground. "That was a good start," he said dryly as he joined Ron and Hermione at the bottom. "Good afternoon Mr Potter, Miss Granger, Mr Weasley," the kind voice of Professor Dumbledore greeted them. "Good afternoon, Professor," Hermione smiled, spinning around to face the headmaster. She looked around the Entrance Hall and peered into the empty Great Hall. "Are we the first ones to arrive?" Ron groaned. "I told you there was no bloody need to rush so much." Dumbledore chuckled. "On the contrary, Mr Weasley, quite a few other Head Boy and Girl candidates arrived a few minutes ago. I must say the turn-out for this process is most admirable." "Oh," Ron said, trying to avoid making eye contact with Hermione. "Where are they?" she asked. "In the living quarters in the west wing of the castle. There are some quite spacious dormitories and a common room there that was used to home the Durmstrang students from a previous occasion where Hogwarts hosted the Triwizard Tournament," explained Dumbledore. "You see, there were very serious weather conditions that year, so even with the use of magic their ship would have been too dangerous to utilise." "How come we aren't staying in our usual dormitories?" Ron asked, visibly put out by the prospect of having to live in close proximity to the Slytherins for a month. He often complained that them being in the Dungeons was still too close for comfort when they were in Gryffindor Tower. "Ah, well only four names from each house were put forward for consideration, so there would be little point in keeping you all so far apart when so few of you would be in each dorm. It was agreed amongst the staff that a communal area for everyone would be ideal, given the reason why you are all here." "Eh?" Ron frowned. "I think he's saying that it'll be good practice for us to get used to living with each other since the Heads get their own shared common room," Hermione said. Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "Exactly right, Miss Granger. It will be the first and longest running 'test', if you will, for it was explained on the letter that this is about inter-house unity; the Heads will not be from the same house." All three of them gulped. "Er Professor?" Harry asked. "What kind of other 'tests' will this process include?" The older wizard smiled; Hermione didn't really like the mischievous glint in his eye. "All will be explained when everyone is present, which should be in a little over an hour. In the meantime I suggest you settle yourselves into your temporary dormitories." "Sorry sir, if I may ask one last question before we go?" said Hermione. "My, I'd forgotten how inquisitive you all are. The others simply went on their way as soon as I explained about the living arrangements without question," Dumbledore said. "Ask away, Miss Granger." "Well, if you wanted to promote inter-house unity this way, then why not just pick two people from different houses to be the Heads instead of using this 'new system'? Forgive me, but it seems a little far-fetched in comparison." She didn't want to offend the headmaster since the system was his idea, but she was curious. "Once again, your question will be answered when everyone is here: I've already received one or twenty owls from parents questioning the same thing. It was to be expected; I realise that the summer holidays isn't exactly ideal for everyone. If that is everything you'd like to know for now then you may go to your dorms." "Thank you sir," said Hermione. "Oh, and one last thing," Dumbledore called after them as they turned to leave. "Any one of you will be permitted to alter the password every two days over the course of this process." The friends exchanged bemused glances. "Why do we need a password if we're the only students who are going to be here?" Harry asked for all three of them. "To be a suitable candidate for Head Boy or Girl, a certain amount of teamwork, compromise and communication will be required. I trust you will reach a consensus if you are indeed, suitable." Dumbledore said cryptically before walking away from them. "Can someone please translate?" Ron broke the confused silence. "It's another test," Hermione sighed. "Presumably to see who would be the best choices." And with that, she realised that she now knew the answer to her earlier question. Dumbledore wanted to make sure the Heads were wholly right for the roles, and that they would both work well together; after all, what could be better for promoting inter-house unity than having a harmonious Head Boy and Girl pairing? "Bloody hell," Ron said as they finally set off to the dormitories. "To me it seems like this is all for a laugh. He must know that anyone being able to change the password to whatever they like is never going to end well, even if it can only be changed every two days." "Yeah," Harry agreed. "And judging by the two 'tests' that we already know about, I get the feeling the ones that are to come are going to be just as mental." "Maybe so but Dumbledore must know what he's doing. He'll have a reason for these tests, no matter how strange or pointless they seem," Hermione said confidently. "I've already suggested what this 'reason' could be: he's lost his bloody marbles," Ron said. To be continued… A/N: I wanted to get at least to the Slytherins' entrance here but everything took up more words than I was anticipating, and well, this was a convenient place to stop. (It's funny that this is what I'd consider a 'long' chapter in TW - hehe!) So... what did you think? Let me know, and thank you very much for reading :D