out of where I was staying." Mr. Duncan raised his eyebrows at that, but replied. "Well, it's a bit awkward, but I think we can manage to at least lock the vault down. I'll see if we can somehow gain access another way. Perhaps we can have a meeting with Griphook and obtain a replacement key, or at least transfer funds to Barclays. I'll need to set up an account here and I need some form of official documentation." "Documentation? Umm, what would that be? I really don't have anything," Harry replied. "Well, if Griphook can get here, a blood sample would do. That's the only thing besides keys Gringotts recognizes anyway. I think I can contact him, so if you'll have a seat and wait, we should have you sorted out very quickly. Ten minutes later, Griphook arrived and after a blood test to ascertain his identity and a glaring look that intimated that he was most unhappy that he had surrendered his key to unscrupulous people, he issued a new key. "Don't EVER let this key out of your possession again, Mr. Potter. I'm afraid much damage has already occurred to your vault holdings. Fortunately it was only your Trust Vault, not the main Potter Heritage Vault. Mr. Duncan has indicated that you want to lock both vaults down, allowing only yourself access; is that correct?" "Thank you Griphook, yes that is correct. I'd also like to transfer the remains of my Trust Vault to Barclays Bank under my new account here. Is this vault refilled from the main Potter vault each year?" "That is correct Mr. Potter, the withdrawals for this year have not been made yet, but I expect the Headmaster will make them within the day. We can lock him out and all others effective immediately." "Excellent, I would appreciate the service. If you are able, I'd like an accounting just how much has been removed before today and by whom, also how much is left in my accounts." "That can be done, but it may take a day or so. I understand you are not returning to school, so I can deliver the statements to this bank. You are aware that the main Potter Heritage Vault may not be touched until you are of age, in this case seventeen. When you come of age, Mr. Potter, you will find yourself very wealthy. The Potter account is quite sizable and quite likely our largest account." Wendell spoke up at last, "What about the money my daughter has already paid to Hogwarts for this year's education?" "Ah, that also is in a trust account, but a different one. We can remove it and return it to you, Mr. Granger." The group smiled at this turn of events. It seems that things were finally going their way. Leaving the bank after securing a new account for Harry, the group went to a hotel to decide their next move. Wendell and Monica were worried. Harry led them to believe they would not be safe in their own home. Fortunately, Monica's mother was still alive and living not too far away. A quick ring to her and a brief holiday visit was arranged until suitable safe long term accommodation could be secured. Elizabeth (Bertie) Kelsey was an older woman, now in her early sixties and welcomed her daughter and family plus Harry enthusiastically. "Monica, Wendell and of course Hermione! It's been almost a year since you last visited. And who is this fine young man?" she asked with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes. Hermione introduced Harry with a faint blush that Bertie caught at once. "Ah, a young boyfriend, and a nice pleasant one at that. You'll stay for dinner of course," she stated, brooking no argument. Both Harry and Hermione blushed at the suggestion of boyfriend, but neither denied it, much to Wendell's surprise. Bertie knew Hermione was a witch, as she had been told after witnessing accidental magic several times when Hermione was younger. "So, children, not attending school this year?" she enquired. Harry looked at Hermione and she nodded, understanding that they'd have to tell her something. Hermione took up the challenge, not wanting to frighten her grandmother. "Harry and I won't be attending our wizarding school this year, Gran. We feel it's getting too dangerous and we'll eventually attend another school next year. This year, we'll be home tutored in the normal world in case we aren't able to reintegrate into the wizarding world. We both have six years of normal schooling to catch up. "Harry has had an especially hard time at school these past five years and if we wait much longer, we'll be hopelessly behind our age group. Five years schooling in one will be extremely difficult, but I think we can manage," Hermione replied. Monica brought forward the other problem that was foremost in her mind. "Mum, we'll have to move; as Harry stated, we're not safe, even at home. No one knows of you, but I won't think of endangering you as well. I'll ring a removal service and relocate far away from here. The business will have to go, of course, but we can start over. The removal company should be able to move our office as well. We just have to decide where we want to live." Elizabeth blanched at this. "I had no idea it was that serious! You'll keep in contact with me, Monica. I don't need to know where you live, but I won't lose touch with my only daughter and her family! I won't stand for it!" she stated firmly. After dinner, the family sat around making plans. The removal company was contacted and assured them that they could carry out the two removals starting tomorrow and would put their belongings in storage until notified. Wendell was taking no chances and declined to give an address until they were settled on a new house. Now came the hard part. Where to live? …...