pair to the hidden Terranova. "How long until we get there, Dorcas?" you ask. "A day and a half," she responds quickly. "After leaving that planet, we will need to fuel up at the Outpost station between the Triangulum and Andromeda galaxies." The six of you are in the Bridge, waiting for confirmation from Dorcas. The AI had taken a pod down to the surface in order to release Terranova. At first, none of you wanted Dorcas to do it, but there was quickly realization that there was no other option. "The container has broken. Data from the other Terranovas have shown that it takes several hours to become habitable," Dorcas says. Her voice comes across the comms loud and clear. You let out a breath of air that you didn't realize you were holding. "Great job, Dorcas. Come back to the ship." "Well, we'll stay for the night. Dumbledore said that this particular model was a prototype. When we wake up, we'll take reading from surface of this planet to determine whether or not Terranova was successful," Remus tells the couple. Alice gives him a watery smile. "Thanks for saving us again, Remus. We owe you big time." "Don't go thanking me yet," Remus warns. "This still has a chance of failing." It does. The readings of the planet that was previously in habitable are within habitable range. Somewhere in the back of your mind, you think that Dumbledore foresaw you helping Frank and Alice. You don't mention this to the others. Remus looks miserable saying goodbye to Frank and Alice. He hugs them both longer than strictly necessary. "Keep the pod to travel to get more supplies from one of the surround planets," he murmurs. "But don't go often. They'll get suspicious." Frank laughs. "Don't worry about us. We'll survive." He reaches into his pocket and shoves money into Remus' hand. "Think of this as payment." He takes Alice's hand and walks out of the Bridge. You pat Remus on the shoulder as Dorcas tracks Frank and Alice's movements. When it's evident that they've landed on the surface and nothing is going to happen, you order Dorcas to set your destination to the Outpost. Peter offers to make drinks to celebrate. There's not much that you remember in between the Outpost and waking up in a prison cell. Your head is killing you as you open your eyes. You're not on the ship. You shoot up like a rocket and exit your open cell. The first thing that comes to mind is that this is Azkaban. You look around, trying to find the others. James is the first one you spot. And then you spot Remus. But no matter how much you look around, you can't find Peter. "You haven't seen Peter either," you say, sitting down next to Remus. "Or Dorcas?" James isn't far behind you. He takes the seat next to you. "I haven't seen Dorcas, but I suppose that AIs would be in a different location than humans. What's the last thing you remember?" he questions, his eyes never leave the crowd. "Dropping the package off," you reply. "You?" "Did we even land on the Outpost?" Remus asks. You frown when James says, "I don't know. I remember Peter passing out drinks and then nothing. " "You don't think…" Remus trails off. "No," you say, trying to force yourself to believe your words, "he lost his memories like we all did. There's no way that he could've remembered how to contact the GA, even if he was the traitor." James shakes his head. "He never actually said that he lost them. He just agreed with me when I said that I had woken up and bumped into him." He bits his lips. "He looked tense when I first saw him." Remus inhales sharply. "He's never really said much, either." "That doesn't mean that he betrayed us," you point out. Remus raises his eyebrow at you. He opens his mouth to remark but you're saved by another inmate who sits down at the table with you. You don't see Peter until the next day. He's walking around with the prison guard. He look frightened even from your cell. And you know that James and Remus were right; Peter was the one to betray you. You don't contain your anger as Peter passes by your cell. "Why?" you growl. You sling him into your cell wall. You hear the other inmate scream and yell and get excited, but your eyes never waver from Peter's. "Why did you betray us? What did we do to you?" Peter cowards in front of you. "You don't know what they would do to me if I didn't. I had no choice," he whimpers. "Did you ever lose your memories or did you just play along?" you demand. He diverts his eyes from your glare. "It was the easiest way to figuring it out. I wiped your memories when you were too close to figuring it out. I had no choice." Before you have a chance to say anything else, you feel an overwhelming sense of sorrow overtake you. You fall to the ground, groaning. You feel as if you'll never be happy again, that you're next breathe is stuck in your chest. You don't remember passing out. A/n - This story is kinda a mix of a lot of things. Mostly it's a mix of Dark Matter and Firefly. There's a line in here that I pulled from Wreck-It Ralph - "Just because I'm a bad guy doesn't mean I'm a bad guy." If you haven't watched the movie, I highly recommend it. Also, the Terranova mentioned above is an idea that comes from a Doctor Who episode - The Doctor's Daughter. I don't remember the name of it so there's a slim chance that I got it right. Shout out to Amber who was with me every step of the way. Honestly, this fic wouldn't have been finished without her.