since her spirit had already been released from her body, the spell had nothing to work against. The force of behind the spell pushed her spirit back into Harry. The Celtic Rune of Wholeness was etched painlessly into Harry's head. Lily's spirit was pushed into Harry. Cerridwen smiled knowing her blessing was in play. With two spirits and a goddesses blessing, the spell was overpowered. It rebounded back onto Voldemort. His spirit was released. Having prepared to create his last horcrux, Voldemort's soul had already been split. The portion that was to be housed in a horcrux followed the magic and flowed into the rune on Harry's forehead. His spirit was blocked from connecting with anything by Lily. The other wraith felt the awareness of a Death Goddess. It immediately fled. To Lily, it seemed as if first her world had shrunk. She couldn't see anything but a white void. Within a few seconds, she felt Voldemort's soul splinter enter. It was a vile feeling thing. It felt to her as if it glowed darkness. She felt it begin to move towards Harry. She wasn't sure where she was or how she was going to do it, but there was no way that thing would get to her son. Her "mother dragon" instincts were raging. If it was bad to tickle a sleeping dragon, how much worse is it to threaten a mother dragon's child? In order to understand the battle going on in Harry's head, one must understand how spirits become ghosts. Firstly, all living things have magic. It is magic that allows the spark of life to burn. To become a ghost, the deceased must have a core that creates more magic than is expended in keeping them alive. This surplus of energy allows them to fight the pull that moves them from this realm. Ghosts cannot generate new magic. In order to maintain their hold on this world, they must find a way to siphon energy from outside itself. The easiest way is to pull free flowing magic from ley lines. When these are not readily available, they must leach magic from their environment. This is why haunted areas often are different. The removal of even a minute amount of energy from any living being causes symptoms similar to depression. When the energy is pulled from plants, they wilt to the point of looking dead. Lily's core was large and full when her spirit was severed. Voldemort's core, while several time larger, had been depleted by multiple castings. Normally Lily would not have been able to stand against Voldemort. Cerridwen's blessing allowed her spirit to connect with Harry's spirit. What this meant is that Harry's core had all of Lily's added to his. In a normal wizarding child, this expansion would have caused their magic to escape control. Since Lily was controlling her portion, he was protected. Voldemort did not have this benefit. His strength was limited to what he had and whatever he could glean from his surroundings. Cerridwen could have captured the soul splinter before it entered into Harry. A lesson learned by all deities is to help only to the point where the worshiper needs. If one did everything asked, then their worshipers never grew in strength or knowledge. As the goddess of the transformative power of magic, wisdom, rebirth and creative inspiration, her blessing gives the recipient many benefits. If they are wise enough to discover them, the witch or wizard often discover new ways of using magic. Merlin and Nicolas Flamel both were blessed by her. Lily was unaware of any of this. She knew that she was fighting for the soul of her son. The abomination was amoeba-like in sending tendril after tendril in every direction trying to attach itself to Harry and his core. She blocked each and every incursion. She noticed that his attempts began to weaken over time. As they weakened, a pattern began to emerge. As soon as she blocked the area being attacked, the abomination jerked away from her in pain. When she grabbed hold of a section, she found that some of Voldemort's memories and knowledge would transfer to her as the section turned white. Once it was completely white, it would fade and disappear. This gave her an idea. When next\a pseudo pod of spirit reached out from the glowing black spirit, she allowed it to attenuate while she surrounded it. Once a good percentage of the whole was extended, she attacked it at its inception point. She succeeded in cutting off an entire section of the soul shard. She moved in for the kill. As she touched it, his knowledge and experiences flowed into her memory. She found that she could keep his evil separate from his knowledge. She realized that she was somehow purifying his spirit by removing its' knowledge and returning it to a blank slate. Once complete, she took stock of herself. She realized that her core, not yet realizing that it was shared with Harry, had increased in size to match the power the soul shard held. If she could, she would have bared her teeth. She knew how to kill it now. Within a short, to her, time, the soul shard had been cleansed and was gone. Lily now knew that she was dead and somehow sharing Harry's body and core. She knew Harry was not able to understand what she had learned. Lily decided to set up Occlumency barriers and constructions to contain all of the knowledge she and Voldemort had amassed over their lifetimes. It would be released to Harry either at certain times, or if she wasn't released when she decided he was ready. Not knowing how long she fought, she connected with Harry to find out. He was four years old. He was in a cupboard? She saw that he had been starved and was seriously underweight. What had been going on? She began sifting through and organizing Harry's memories. Mama Dragon was stirring.