Snape shook his head slowly to himself. "After I have caused so much pain? There was a time when I was ready to sell two Potter souls to save the one I pretended to care for, the one I jealously sought, as if she were a possession—" "The man who came to me that fated night, pleading for Lily Potter's life, is not the man sitting before me today. I have known you for more years than I care to count, and you have been a dear friend throughout almost all of them. If you cannot trust my judgment on this—" "I trust that you feel the need to assuage my guilt." Snape rose to his feet and paced over to the hearth, feeling too agitated to remain in his chair. "I trust that you always try to see the best in people. I trust that you are trying to do me a great kindness now. But there is no sense in dancing around the truth. I have never been good , not like you, not like Potter. I have been loyal to you, to the memory of Lily." "And have you not just told me what great personal cost you have borne for the sake of that loyalty?" "We have all paid a great price for what has been achieved. That I am no exception is irrelevant." Snape still felt the tightness in his chest. It had not left, had not let off. The Weasleys had lost a son, the Lupin boy two parents. The dead had littered the courtyard, at least fifty lifeless and still. "The cost you have paid has been higher than most." But he'd had no one left to lose. Snape whipped back around to face Dumbledore. "You would say that to the parents who buried their children? To the children who buried their parents?" "Those losses have been tragic, yes. But there was time to gather, to mourn, to comfort one another. You were forced to watch those atrocities unfold without being able to change anything, even to participate in Voldemort's barbarism. And you have done it alone, without reassurance, without recognition." "And what is the point of this?" Snape demanded at last. "I will tell you the same thing I've told Potter. I do not need pity—" "Harry doesn't pity you by far, Severus. He respects you. In spite of your best efforts, he cares for you." Dumbledore paused, as if gathering his next words. "I would like to think that Lily's spirit lives on in him. He looks like his father, but he has his mother's heart." Snape could think of nothing to say. He stood there, trembling. His chest ached so sharply that it hurt to breathe. "Do you think she would regret for an instant giving her life to destroy Voldemort that night?" Dumbledore asked quietly. " Because you forget, Severus, that but for her sacrifice, all might have been lost long ago." Snape collapsed into the chair before the desk, tears already streaming down his cheeks. He could scarcely force his lungs to work. He could have saved her son a thousand times over. It would not erase what he'd done. "She might not regret giving her life. But that has nothing to do with my betrayal—" "You cannot think that, after everything you've done for her son, she would wish for you to be in this much pain?" Snape lost himself in his tears then. They flooded down his cheeks, erupted and tore through his chest. He wrapped his arms around himself, fighting to hold together. But now, of all times, he could not summon that control and self-possession that he so often relied on. Dumbledore's portrait watched silently, offering no words of solace. But Snape sensed his benevolent gaze all the same. He did not have to look up to see that. A soft blue light flared behind him, bathing Dumbledore's portrait in a soft hue. "Severus?" McGonagall. Snape snapped to rigid attention, sitting up straight and attempting to dry his eyes, which he was certain were hideously red and swollen. "Minerva," he choked faintly. "I didn't mean to disturb you—" "Oh, Severus," she breathed, lowering her wand. She wore her dressing gown, a long tartan garment that flowed around her, and looked as if she'd just risen from bed. "No—there's no need to say a word. Let me fix us some tea." She seemed a bit flustered as she went searching for the kettle. "I was just leaving," Snape mumbled. "Please sit." Her normally stern tone was, for once, soft, almost pleading. She tapped the kettle, and a billow of steam immediately issued forth from the spout. McGonagall fussed over the cups for a moment. Snape still had not resumed his seat. "Minerva, I'd best go. I have a class in the morning—" McGonagall set both saucers down on the desk and made her way to Snape's side. She was a tall witch, but she still was an inch or so shorter than Snape. She took him firmly by the arm and squeezed, her blue-grey eyes meeting his teary gaze. She did not speak, but the strength of her hand on his arm and the mistiness of her eyes told him more than words ever could. Snape could not help it, could not stop it. He was crying. Again. His lungs felt raw in his chest, and his jaw was so tight that he doubted he could speak. McGonagall wrapped an arm around him, and for once Snape did not pull away instinctively. He stood frozen in the embrace, lost and broken, grieving the losses he had not been able to grieve for fear of giving himself away. But McGonagall's arm was like driftwood in a storm, the sturdy promise beneath him that he would not drown. He dared to look up after a time and caught the sad smile on Dumbledore's lips, and—only briefly— a faint glimmer of liquid in the corner of his eye.