"I've an idea of where Harry is, and I've no intention of disturbing him. As I said, one night away from his bed is hardly the worst offense one can commit." "If the daft boy's done something drastic, like snuck into Hogsmeade, the Dark Lord—" "I've every faith in Harry," Dumbledore cut the Potions Master off. "You are welcome to look for him, of course, if you are truly concerned." Snape ground his teeth but did not press the matter further. Let Potter dig himself a deeper grave, he decided. He forced himself to draw a deep breath. "Was there anything else you needed, headmaster?" Dumbledore seemed to age decades in just seconds. His whole posture slumped slightly, and his blue eyes suddenly seemed haunted by pain. "Yes…." He returned to his seat, and this time his bright eyes did not pierce Severus, but rather gazed at the wall, looking far beyond the confines of the office. "Normally, I would not ask, given the nature of the subject, but some of the things that Harry has told you have greatly perturbed me, and I must know…." Snape's gut clenched. He did not know where this was going, but it could not be good, he thought. "What is it?" he demanded quietly. Dumbledore sighed and closed his eyes lightly. "You must understand first that Petunia did not want to take the boy in. She was dead-set against it, even; she knew he had no other family and that he would be sent to an orphanage. I convinced her that he was in grave danger, and that he needed the protection of the blood wards—you know of these, of Lily's sacrifice…. It was under that pretext, that refusing the boy was tantamount to throwing him to the wolves, that she finally accepted. Severus could tell that this was quickly becoming Famous Harry Potter's sob backstory, and he had no desire to hear any more, because he already had a feeling for where things were going. But he was not about to be so childish as to walk out on Dumbledore, so he sat rigidly, his jaw aching from tension, as he forced himself to remain silent. "Knowing this, I assumed that Harry would have a… a difficult childhood. I knew that his relatives would never love him as their own, but I assumed that they would shelter him and nurture him and come to care for him in their own way. They are rather repulsed by magic, and they were averse to having visitors from our world, so I never had a chance to check…. But I cannot in good conscience neglect my responsibility now. "So I must ask, Severus, during your lessons with Harry, did you catch glimpses of this… this cupboard he was purportedly shut in? Did you see the level of neglect he claims?" "Glimpses, yes," Severus murmured. "Though it is possible that it is a gross exaggeration—" "Harry has many faults, Severus, but he does not lie. He does not fabricate." Dumbledore's words were no longer gentle. They were steel, entirely implacable. Snape dipped his head solemnly to show he understood. Dumbledore was nodding to himself. He laced his hands together and leaned forward slightly, his eyes on his desk before him, seemingly lost in thought. "Thank you, Severus," Dumbledore murmured at last, his words absent. It was a clear dismissal. Snape cleared his throat lightly. "Is everything alright?" Dumbledore waved a hand lazily at him, as if shooing him away. "Go on, Severus. I shouldn't keep you, and I have… matters to see to." "Matters?" Snape pressed. He could not help it. He had rarely seen Albus Dumbledore so… discombobulated. It was rather alarming. "Nothing concerning you." Dumbledore pushed himself to his feet and ambled back over to the floo. Another pinch and he was calling McGonagall yet again. "Minerva?" "Albus?" she responded, a note of worry in her voice. "Is everything alright?" "Fine, Minerva, fine. I just have an unexpected errand to run. You can see to the school for a few hours?" "Certainly," Minerva replied, though her tone was anything but. "Is it the Ministry?" "Personal business, I'm afraid," Dumbledore replied evasively. "Must be seen to tonight." "Of course," Minerva murmured. "I'll inform the Heads of House that you'll be away. Where can you be reached?" "Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey," Dumbledore replied swiftly. "You have my gratitude, Minerva." The witch nodded briskly in the fireplace. "I am only doing my duty. Call again when you return?" "Of course." The green fire faded once again. Dumbledore turned back slightly to Severus, who was lingering awkwardly at the back of his previously-occupied chair. The headmaster seemed surprised to see that Snape had not yet left. "Severus, my boy, it's been a long night. You should get some rest." Snape did not budge. "Surrey?" he questioned. "What personal business could you possibly have in Surrey?" Dumbledore heaved an agitated sigh. "I've a mind to pay Harry's aunt and uncle a visit. As I said, it is a personal matter, nothing to concern yourself over." "Surely the boy would have said something by now if things had been serious," Snape protested. But the words felt foolish and clumsy on his lips. He knew better, he of all people. Dumbledore cast him a withering glare, one that Snape knew was well-deserved. "Harry does not like to complain, whatever you may think of him." Dumbledore paused, his gaze drifting back to the fire. "I ask that you mention this to no one." Snape wanted to cry out in indignation at that ridiculous request. As if he were so immature as to go shouting such personal business through the corridors…. He felt a flush color his cheeks. But instead of shouting angrily at the man, he replied, perhaps a touch frostily, "Of course not, headmaster." Dumbledore nodded once, mostly to himself. Then he took another pinch of floo powder, called out, "Arabella Figg's house!" and vanished in a flash of green.