some cowardly vermin. "I cornered the boy, and I thought that, given the nature of your problem, I might be able to glean some information from him, since Dumbledore's trust in him seemed to know no bounds. As I mentioned, Draco originally disarmed the old fool, and I merely finished him off which, I fear, may have complicated matters…. Potter proved most useful on that matter." "Rise, Severus," Voldemort commanded quietly, his tone devoid of emotion. Snape straightened smoothly, his dark robes flowing easily around his body. "You Legilimized the boy?" Snape smirked cruelly. "I saw no need. No, I convinced the boy that I was working against you all along, my lord. I fed him false memories of his beloved Dumbledore entrusting me with a secret mission, and I tricked the boy into revealing all he knew about wand allegiance. It was too easy… the boy is so trusting." Harry felt himself beginning to doubt the man. What if he really had been tricked? What if Snape had played a long, careful game to get him to walk down here, alone and unarmed and under the Imperius curse? "No," Lily whispered, kneeling down beside him. Her long hair tumbled over her shoulder as she bent down to Harry. "He's lying, my love." "I have to hand it to the bastard," Sirius murmured, "he knows how to play his part." "And what have you discovered, Severus?" Snape drew his wand and held it toward Voldemort, handle-first, his head bowed. "I would not have you think that I have come to lie to you, my lord, in order to save myself." Voldemort waved it away, though. "Unnecessary. I think you know how unfavorable your odds are… and you have brought the boy. I will hear what you have to say." "I thought to offer you Potter's wand as well," Snape continued, flipping his own wand back around and lowering his arm. His voice changed to a sneer. "But the clumsy boy has lost it. And as you remember, certainly, he slipped through the clutches of your servants a while back… at Malfoy Manor, I believe." Snape withdrew Draco's wand from his robes and tossed it at Voldemort's feet. Harry saw, from the corner of his eye, both Lucius and Narcissa, who suddenly looked stricken. "You recognize it, my lord?" Voldemort drifted forward slightly, his red eyes observing the object with contempt. His lip curled in disgust. "Lucius, Narcissa," he called, his voice frighteningly gentle, "I believe we've found your son's wand. Come, pick it up." Narcissa scuttled forward, keeping her head bowed down, looking very much like a terrified animal. She scooped the wand up and hastily retreated, being certain to stoop in a low bow as she did. "The boy confirmed that disarming was enough for a wand to change loyalties?" Voldemort inquired smoothly, ignoring the Malfoys once more. "Indeed. Meaning that Draco won the wand's loyalty from Dumbledore." Harry heard both Lucius and Narcissa's sharp gasps at that. "Until Potter overpowered Draco. The wand answers to him now." Snape gestured down to Harry elegantly. "And so, my lord, I present to you the solution to all of your problems." "You did not disarm the boy, Severus?" Voldemort murmured, gliding forward. Harry could feel the man's snakelike eyes raking him up and down. "There was no need. The boy trusted me. He gladly handed over his wand. Didn't you, Potter?" The words flowed from Snape through his mind and out Harry's mouth, all seamlessly. "Yes, Professor Snape." A chorus of cackles erupted from the Death Eaters. Voldemort's pale face split in a wide grin, revealing a row of bleached white teeth that reminded Harry of bones in a graveyard. "Severus." The strange warmth in Voldemort's voice was enough to send shivers down Harry's spine. He sounded as if he was greeting a long-lost son. "You have, yet again, proven yourself invaluable . Come, take your rightful place beside me." Snape smirked and obeyed sauntering forward. Voldemort laid a hand on the man's shoulder for a moment, his red eyes gleaming in satisfaction. "Your devotion is exemplary," Voldemort said quietly, though his voice still carried easily throughout the clearing. "It will not be forgotten. No, Severus, I was hasty before… far too hasty. You are indispensable, and you will be rewarded beyond measure for the services you have rendered me." Snape retained his composure, though his bearing became rather regal as he settled in at Voldemort's right. "You do me too much honor, my lord," Snape murmured. "Come. Let us finish with this business. Release him, Severus." And with that the haze faded, and Harry's mind was once again his own. He clutched the stone more tightly in his palm as he sought out the gaze of his family. He saw them crouched down around him protectively, as if they would allow no harm to come to him. His mother's face was so close that, had she been flesh, he could have turned his head to kiss her cheek. Harry could feel the weight of so many expectant eyes on him. Bellatrix looked as if she might start clapping her hands from excitement at any moment; her breast was heaving, and her eyes were wide with joyful anticipation. The others—Rowle, Yaxley, Dolohov, and several other faces he could not place—watched, looking strangely relieved. Far off, he could make the bound form of Hagrid thrashing uselessly against the trees he'd been lashed to. And by the fire, floating gently just behind Voldemort, was Nagini in her glittering cage, twisting and writhing ominously. But the whole of his audience, even Snape, seemed to fall away as he dared to meet Voldemort's hate-filled gaze. The smile he'd worn to welcome Snape back into the fold had turned utterly cold. " Harry Potter," he breathed. "The Boy Who Lived." He raised his wand. Harry closed his eyes, but the flash of green light that hit him was so bright that it penetrated even his eyelids.