down. But Harry refused—rather adamantly, too. He didn't want any special treatment. I should have known, of course…. Heavens, this is the boy who turned down early placement on the Gryffindor team because his classmates wouldn't get the same opportunity." Severus arched a brow, a little taken aback. He was relieved that the boy did not want to suffer through private lessons, of course, but he couldn't imagine James Potter's son refusing anything to do with Quidditch. "I never heard of this." Lily laughed softly. "I'd imagine you didn't. Minerva was quite miffed. She happened to see him during flying lessons, you see. The boy caught a classmate's Remembrall in a dead dive. She had him pegged for Seeker." "As a first year," Severus muttered, shaking his head. He remembered that incident too well. He'd reprimanded Draco rather severely; he'd imagined that Potter had received the same treatment, not been rewarded for flouting the rules. Though it didn't surprise him in the least to find out that he'd been wrong. "She even brought it up in our disciplinary hearing for the incident," Lily continued, her eyes crinkling fondly as she recounted the memory. "She begged me to try to persuade Harry, but the boy was set. Minerva promised him that she would arrange for special permission from the Headmaster, and that did it for Harry. Stubborn like his mother, I suppose. Then he complained that he only had so many detentions because Minerva was annoyed with him… though I think three with Filch was about right for blatantly disobeying a teacher, not to mention nearly breaking his neck." Lily sighed, and her smile faded. "I couldn't punish him today, Sev," she confessed suddenly. "I told him—I was very clear—that if he got another zero, he was grounded. But when I saw him today, he was so out of sorts, and I just couldn't bring myself to do it. I'm a terrible mother." Severus felt that bundle of guilt twist inside him again. Why in the name of Merlin's wand had the boy not ratted on him? Why had he accepted all the blame for his failure that day if he knew he would be in such trouble for it? Not to protect his Potions Master. Maybe the boy simply realized that the truth would sound too much like he was trying to shirk responsibility. After all, his track record would certainly work against him. Right now, though, his concern was comforting Lily, not trying to unravel the enigma that was Potter. So he snaked an arm around her and drew her close and whispered, in his gentlest voice, "You are not a terrible mother. Stop speaking such nonsense." "He needs boundaries," she burst out. "He needs to know that there are lines he can't cross, and that I expect him to scrape out at least an Acceptable in all his subjects. And that's setting the bar low! I know this has been a difficult transition for him, especially having you at school with him, but that still shouldn't be an excuse. And for this to be in your class! He claims he's just intimidated by you, but if this is because he doesn't respect you… if that boy has been lying to me, I swear, he'll never see a blasted broomstick again!" It would have been so easy in that moment to destroy Potter's life. His mother was already doubting him, and all it would take, really, would be a little nudge to convince her that the boy didn't respect him and was trying to take advantage of him. He had plenty of complaints, after all, and the boy was a mess when it came to potions, his latest essay aside. He could gently lead Lily into seeing the boy for the ungrateful brat he was…. But that was too wrong, too underhanded, even for him. The boy had defended him for some reason, and even told flattering lies about him. To what end Severus had no idea, but the fact of the matter remained. It would not be right to throw the boy to the dogs. So instead, Severus began placatingly, "I'm certain it wasn't out of disrespect. As you said, the boy was nervous. And I'm sure that's the truth. For some reason, my students shy away from me, even though I know for a fact I have a very warm and sunny disposition." The small smile returned to Lily's lips at those words. "And you're very patient," she teased him lightly. "Always. Now, considering that, and the difficulty of adjusting to our situation, I can understand a little stumbling about. So, just this once, I think I'll propose to P-Harry that he come make up the assignment, and I'll suggest that he pay more attention in the future." "Sev, he won't like the special treatment, I'm telling you—" "This is not special treatment. In general the staff are permitted to make allowances for certain circumstances. I think emotional upheaval would fall under that category, yes?" Lily snuggled closer to him. "You make sure you tell him that. And barring that, tell him that I will ground him if he's stupid enough to refuse this opportunity. All right?" She leaned up and planted a light kiss on his lips. He kissed her back, much more firmly than the bare brush of her lips. He pressed into her, willing her to feel his love for her in his urgency. He drew back and gazed down at her, feeling the steady rhythm of her breaths against his side. "Very well," he murmured. "Now, can we please close all subjects relating to my professional life?" "Hmm, are you sure you don't want to discuss the essays you were grading tonight?" "Not on your life." Severus kissed her again, and this time Lily clambered onto his lap. Merlin, it was like they were teenagers again. The two cups of tea sat on the coffee table, abandoned, for the remainder of the evening.