was done. "I told you all it would be pricey to get the best so that comes to a total of forty five thousand galleons" she said as Luna gave her, her card and she used it to pay for the things. They left next going to Flourish and Blotts where Hermione had agreed to use her money next to pay for the books and then they'd all get their own wands, pets, accessories and satchels. They entered the book store getting all of their books plus some extra ones they felt might be necessary. They then got the various inks, quills and some self inking quills as well. They then picked up some packs of two hundred sheets of parchments ready to be used and some parchment books for keeping class notes in. the total came to thirty thousand galleons which no one minded. They went to the next door pet store and all browsed the animals. Luna picked up a black owl she had feeling for and bought some luxury owl bedding and treats for it. "Have you decided to name her as we need to write it on her certificate of authentication ma'am?" asked the sales lady happily. "Yes here's my card. I'm going to name her Enzo" she said affectionately rubbing the owl making it coo in delight. Hermione saw Crookshanks and felt like going for her again but refrained as she wanted things to be different this time. She picked out a gorgeous grey eagle owl . "I'm buying this owl here please give me all of her accessories and treats. I'm calling her midnight" said Hermione paying for her owl and waiting for Harry to choose his. He eventually chose a snow white owl who wasn't Hedwig and paid for him. He named him Salem. Next they all went into the potions supply shop and bought all of their ingredients plus some other different ingredients all in self replenishing containers. The last things they got were their brass scales and astronomy things. Luna headed home to prepare for school which would be starting in two days time. Harry and Hermione went down a side alley kissing passionately as they both glowed golden in shade before two elaborate wedding rings appeared on their left hands. They held hands before Hermione flooed home with him to tell her parents the news who accepted it telling her that she should go to his home with him and be with her husband. She had known this would happen but found it strange. "What about the Dursley's will they mind me calling by?" she asked him suddenly. "Yes they'll mind very much so however I have the largest room in the house and if they try anything they will be violently sick. Something my friend Nigel in Heaven gave me as a gift. I was able to change two things about the lives of a list of random people he gave me. I'll show you the memory of what I did at home come on!" he said taking her hand and silently aparating them to the front door which he opened bringing her with him. "What are you doing back here freak? Aren't you meant to be going to that school and whose the girl? Another freak no less!" snapped Vernon. "Actually Vernon that's my wife and you're the freak. Remember I have the largest room in the house and if you're not careful you'll see why I'm a freak. Be nice to me and I'll be nice to you. It's not rocket science uncle now do grow up please as it's very unbecoming of you!" Harry said. Vernon got up to charge at him but had to run to the sink as he was violently sick and wasn't able to stop vomiting or leave the sink until his anger towards Harry was gone. Harry and Hermione went upstairs to the master bedroom was painted a beautiful deep purple shade. Waving his wand he saw to it that his downstairs mattress was transfigured into a double mattress and placed on Vernon and Petunia's bed in their room which he made appear luxurious also. He warded their bedroom securely so no one could enter it even when they were gone. However when they were gone it would appear to everyone as though the house had only three bedrooms anyway. He rummaged around in his trunk removing his families pensive which he'd been storing there and showed her the memories of what he'd done to people. She emerged half an hour later laughing her head off. "Haha good one Potter! That's hilarious!" she said while clutching her stomach. They both got into bed feeling utterly exhausted. "Dobby!" he called out to which the elf replied. "Yes Master Harry." "In the trunks of myself, my wife Hermione and my dear friend Luna you will find a bedroom which looks much the same. Each of these is for you to use to sleep in at night. I don't want my elf sleeping in a cupboard or something as it would make me angry and sad if you did that!" he said sternly if only to get his point across. "Oh Master Harry and Mistresses Hermione and Luna are too kind indeed. Thank you master I will use it always depending on where I am!" he said smiling before entering the trunk and going into his room with the child's bed that fit him perfectly. He was amused by the golden snitches on the walls. Clearly they'd not seen the bedroom yet. "I love you Hermione! Goodnight!" he said kissing her deeply and pulling her close against his back while wrapping his arms around her waist to hold her close to him. "Goodnight Harry. I love you too!" she said smiling as she gave him another kiss which lasted a while longer before dropping off to sleep in his warm embrace. They were back with a bang and the world had better watch out.