put comforted arms around her shoulders. Violet sobbed loudly as she hugged Professor McGonagall whose eyes were tearing. Violet looked up to meet Professor Dumbledore's concerned eyes. Her lips quivered in surprise, shock, fear and happiness. "What had happened?" Professor Dumbledore calmly asked. Then Violet launched on how Voldemort came and tried to kill her daughter. How she tried to stop him but couldn't and left her daughter vulnerable to his evil hands. And how she mysteriously survived the Killing Curse and Voldemort's disappearance. Professor Dumbledore and McGonagall exchanged shocked, surprised, curious and should-have-known looks. Professor Dumbledore took in everything. "It seems whatever your daughter had done to survive Killing curse must have affected Voldemort," Professor McGonagall flinched at the word but remained strong. However Dumbledore continued quietly, "You're not only the victim, Violet," Violet looked up in shock and realization dawned on her. "Lily…James….Harry… oh god! What happened? Is Lily ok? How is James? What happened to Harry?" she asked worriedly. Professor McGonagall bit her lip as Dumbledore sighed sadly. "James Potter and Lily Potter are dead, Violet." McGonagall informed sadly. Violet gasped as tears returned to her eyes. She screamed in agony of letting her two best friends to die in the hands of Voldemort. Her brother and her sister died! Even Dumbledore seemed to be tearing as McGonagall wiped her own tears. Violet sobbed as McGonagall held her tightly in a motherly embrace. Violet cried her heart out. She had lost her two best friends. She lost her two siblings. "H-How? He w-was here just n-now," she asked in a hoarse voice. Dumbledore sighed. "The prophecy of two children who are destined to kill him are Scarlet and Harry, Violet. When he tried to kill Scarlet, part of his soul died as the Killing Curse bounced on him. He was weak when he charged to Potter's house. Lily Potter gave her life to protect her son. Voldemort already killed two and tried to kill a prophesized child, so he was weak when he got to Harry. When he used Killing Curse for fourth time, his soul couldn't take it and kind of snapped out. Voldemort vanished from this world, Violet." He quietly explained. "H-Harry survived the K-Killing C-Curse too?" she asked in a feeble voice as McGonagall dabbed a cloth over her eyes to wipe tears and blood on Violet's face. Dumbledore nodded. "Your daughter stopped him from killing Harry, Violet. It was Scarlet who managed to weaken him so much that Voldemort didn't have the energy to kill Harry. But Lily and James are unfortunate. Their sacrifice weakened him further to a point when he used Killing Curse, his powers broke up. He's gone, Violet." "But how this could have happened?" Professor McGonagall asked in frustration of not knowing things. "He killed so many people…yet he couldn't kill two babies. Who-must-not-be-named is defeated by mere babies? How in the name of heaven did Scarlet and Harry survive?" Dumbledore shrugged. "We can only guess." He said. "We may never know." Violet's body shook. "H-Harry? Where i-is h-he now?" she shakily whispered as McGonagall rubbed Violet's arms in comfort. "Harry is under the care of his Muggle aunt and uncle. He is in Little Whinging where he will be safe. Once Harry is older, they will explain everything to him. I have explained all in the letter," Violet nodded and all looked ahead when a low rumbling sound came. It grew gradually louder and everyone went out to see what that sound was. Violet and others looked up when the sound swelled to a roar. A huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them. If the motorcycle was huge and all means, it's nothing compared to the man who was driving it. The man was so tall and so wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed and have wild-long tangles of bushy black hair and beard which covered most of his face. His name is Rubeus Hagrid. The Gamekeeper of Hogwarts. And of course, Violet's best friend. "Oh Violet," Hagrid practically dwarfed the woman with his hug and they both let out another sob. Violet was close with Hagrid when she was a student in Hogwarts, a school for magic possessed people. "Is Scarlet ok?" he asked making Violet to nod her head and placed her daughter in Hagrid's eager arms. Hagrid took Scarlet in his arms and Scarlet bounced on his arms. She giggled happily and pulled Hagrid's long beard making him and Dumbledore to chuckle slightly. McGonagall looked at Scarlet with so much love filled eyes. Dumbledore turned to Violet as she looked anxious about something. When Dumbledore realized what she was about to ask he shook his head sadly. Violet's breath hitched. "No…he…he couldn't…leave me….leave us," she whispered. "I'm sorry, Violet." Dumbledore said. "Your daughter will be known for every wizards and witches from now on. She will be remembered as the girl who defeated Lord Voldemort when she was mere child just like Harry. She will be more famous than Harry seeing that she stopped Voldemort first and weakened him. She will be powerful than normal witch with two most important family bloods run in her veins. She will be a powerful veela just like you and your family. And she will always be remembered as the Girl Who Lived." Scarlet giggled and wrapped her tiny fingers around Hagrid's enormous index finger. Hagrid teared up as he watched the girl who was giggling and clapping happily. Not knowing about her complicated future. Not knowing that she is more famous and powerful than anyone could imagine. Not knowing that there is another prophecy about her too, in a world full of life threatening situations. Not knowing what will happen, Scarlet Destiny was just happy in that moment. Hope you guys enjoy the story! All characters belong to J.K Rowling and anything that deviates from the story...I own them! Happy reading! Monika Rose is signing out!