anywhere, Potter." So he was back to his old self, at least. They walked down the London streets to a phone booth. They crawled inside. They began their descent. As they did so, Harry said, "You do know I still am connected to Grimmauld Place, and I was alerted yesterday there'd been a near break in." "Alerted?" Teddy said. "Just a feeling on the back of my neck," Harry said. "So your forehead's for evil warlords and the back of your neck is for your land ownership?" Teddy said. Harry laughed. "And my toes are for each of my children when they get bad scores," he said. And then he realized what he said and he stopped talking. He didn't have much to give Teddy when it came to a family, just what he could offer over the years. A sentimental ear, an empathetic heart, a good hug, a signed permission slip, a mediation between him and grandparents ... but it never felt like enough. They were close, of course, but he would never be Lupin, and that's who Teddy needed, and it was because of Harry Teddy couldn't have Lupin. Teddy had never said anything about that, even when he was at his angriest. Maybe it hadn't clicked in Teddy's head, that Harry was the reason and Dad was dead because he abandoned Teddy to save another little boy. Regardless, the least Harry could do was this. Show Teddy the little bit of Remus Lupin Harry had uncovered. They walked through the Atrium, took an elevator, and ended up in the Auror offices. Harry hurried him past the doors and desks, and he said, "I discovered this place a while ago, right when I started here. I was peeking around with Ron, and we came upon this odd little room ... here, go in and look. I don't know what it's doing here, but ... here we are." He took out his wand and pointed it at a door's knob. The door was on the far back wall, and almost seemed invisible in the large room. But a large plaque stood on top of the door, reading "MEMORIAL OF THE FALLEN." ... The door opened, and the two of them walked into a lit room with marble walls, floor, and ceiling. Four torches sat in their holders in each corner, illuminating the room and dancing their shadows on dark marble. Teddy looked closer at the walls, and he felt his heart drop into his stomach. Covering the walls from top to bottom were engraved names. Each one spelled itself out perfectly in capital letters, one after the other in long lines. On the floor, there were more names. He looked up to the ceiling and read the large words towering over them: IN MEMORIUM TO THOSE WHO GAVE THEIR LIVES AND SUFFERED DURING THE GREAT WAR 1972-1981 AND THE SECOND GREAT WAR 1996-1998 THEY WILL LIVE ON IN FREEDOM'S SPIRIT "These are the names of people who died," Harry said, somewhat dumbly. "It looks like it's all of them. Before the big public memorial went up in Hogsmeade, there was this one." Teddy looked for L. He wanted to see his father and mother together, next to each other. But Harry pointed to the P's on the wall. Because everything was about the P's, he guessed. P. There it was. Harold Potter James Potter Lily Potter Olivia Potter But it wasn't just those names. There were outliers and Teddy saw it immediately. It actually read: Harold Potter James Potter Sirius Black Remus Lupin Nymphadora Tonks Lily Potter Olivia Potter "Your dad used to say," Harry said, "that no matter what, the people we love stick with us. They don't go away. I know he's not here, but ... here he is." Teddy snorted. "Okay." But he could feel his hair changing. Harry sighed. "I don't know much about your dad," he said. "He was my professor, then he was my friend. But I didn't spend enough time with him, I can't show him to you I just ... I just wanted to let you know he was never alone. His friends were with him the whole time, and then your mother, and ... he wasn't alone." Teddy sniffed. He couldn't look at Harry. "And you're not alone, either," Harry said. Teddy nodded. "I know," he said. "You're sure?" Harry said. Teddy nodded. "Yes," he said. Because last night, he couldn't find his dad, but he had cocoa with the smartest witch of her generation. And she was going to marry him. "Yeah," he said. "Let's go." ... Teddy moved from the room, and Harry Potter stayed a little longer. Harry looked at all the small names stuffed together on the reflective walls. So many names, some he didn't even know, all because of him. That wasn't fair, Harry knew that. But the weight made him sag in his older age. He looked at himself in the wall, a mirror of an older man. "When did I get old?" he thought. But then it was time to get back, because he had three children to take to King's Cross and Albus was already stewing in his head about things. And Teddy needed to spend more time with Victoire. There was the living to attend to. There was another day to step forward and away from all that had happened. It wasn't going to make it easier, but it was really the only reasonable choice to make. He shut the door. Something bristled on the back of his head, on his shoulders, and he felt like he was being watched. That made no sense, there was no one there. It was so early in the morning, and there was a shut door at his back. It was his nerves acting up. But he swore he'd felt this before, when he walked into the woods that night nineteen years ago, knowing ghosts of those gone followed him, always and until the end.