list of people they had," she said. "How much about the will do you know?" asked Severus. "Enough to know that the only adults in this room fail Lord Potter's parents' late wish by letting Lord Potter be place with his mundane relatives. The first five people in the list after Sirius black are considered dark families and the last three are light family. There are two Black candidates to raise Lord Potter when he was a baby. I didn't see why you have waited until know to fix the problem. You had thirteen years to do so and now that the will has been read you want to fix it," said Jasmine looking at him with cold blue eyes. "You have to understand that people consider Death Eater to be evil. My Lord only wanted to separate us from the Muggle World since they don't understand us. They fears us and we be experimented on. Dumbledore believes that Muggles will understand us and we can live together," said Lord Malfoy. "He could have run for Minister and then slowly change everything. A possible reason why Dumbledore want to combine both world might be that mundane born aren't comfortable with the changes. If you want to make everyone happy you should look how things are done in the states. They have modernized along with other countries and you're stuck in medieval times," Jasmine said. "People wouldn't listen, they think that the My Lord is a Dark Lord and wants to kill anyone that is a pureblood. To make any changes he need Potter, like the prophecy said," Lord Malfoy told her. "There's a prophecy about Lord Potter?" asked Jasmine. "Yes. Dumbledore didn't tell the Potters the complete prophecy for some reason. The real one is how says: " The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies ... he will end an era and bring fort a new one…he will change the world as we know… he do great thing…beware if choose another path and turn into a weapon everything will stay the same…the Dark Lord will be in plain sight and most didn't know…beware that appearances can be deceiving "You have to understand that we think that it's Dumbledore that's the Dark Lord. He loves to use everyone to get want he wants. I won't be surprise that he let potter with his magic hating relatives to make Potter want to please Dumbledore and do what he wants," said Lady Malfoy. "Why are you telling me this? For all you can know I just pretending to be Lady Flint's niece in other to spy on you?" asked Jasmine with an eyebrow raised. "We're telling you this incase others find out about you and tell us what they think about the Flint family. You're right when you said it's different here than in the states. Many people are prejudice," said Lord Malfoy. "Of course I'm right," replied Jasmine. "Why do you think I go to Avalon and have the highest IQ in the school?" "Most me a bad school if you're on the top," Marcus said cheekily. "If you excuse I have tons of homework and didn't like doing it at the last minute," said Jasmine glaring at Marcus. When she was halfway to the door Marcus said, "Catch this." And throw an apple at her and she barely catches it. She simply looks at it and raises her eyebrow. "You should eat something considering you are lacking in a certain area and you're too skinny," Marcus told her smiling, "I'm petite," replied Jasmine glaring at hi. "How are you going to find yourself a husband if you lacking?" asked Marcus. "I now see why you're single and your mom looking for a suitable young lady," Jasmine told him. "At least I'm not lacking," replied Marcus. "Now that I think about my dear cousin, you're right I do need an apple or two," said Jasmine walking toward the table. When she was close to the table she throws the apple between Marcus legs and he cries in pain. "Music to my ears," Jasmine said and signs happily as she walks to the door with a spring as she walks. "I'm going to get you for this!" shouted Marcus. "That's what you said last time," replied Jasmine smiling with a mischievous glint in her eyes. "You're just luck you're a girl," Marcus told her. "Be a man and admit you lost to a girl," said Jasmine. "You might look like a girl but you're not!" exclaimed Marcus. "You might what you vision check," replied Jasmine. "You might want to check yourself into a mental intuition," Marcus told her. "I'll definitely look forward into telling your future wife that you go lost to a girl younger than you. I believe that you moon let your marriage contracts lying in her desk. I should owl them all," Jasmine taunted him. "Didn't you dare!" shouted Marcus and he quickly get up and runs toward her. Jasmine quickly runs out the room with an evil smile. "Mum, should I be scared of her?" asked Draco once they have left and crashing and evil laughs could be heard. "Around young ladies like her you should me care what you say to them. Especially if she can throw property," Lord Malfoy winces and the other two did also. "This brings back memories," said Lady Malfoy with a smile in her face. Severus and Draco look at her in horror while Lord Malfoy winced at the memories of her during her pregnancy.