books and volumes on pluralistic superstring theory to numerous accounts of world history ranging from Rome and the second Afghan war, right through to the Cuban missile crisis and third-wave feminism. If she was to do without magic whilst here, she reasoned it would be best not to bring any books that would make her yearn for it. Aside from those she needed for her NEWTs, that is. Frustratingly there was nowhere to hang the majority of her clothes, since the wardrobe was a relatively tiny affair, so Rose folded her more wintery attire into one suitcase, and slid it cleanly underneath her bed. She retained her summer dresses and miscellaneous clothing to be rather more accessible, dividing them between the wardrobe and chest at the foot of her bed. When she eventually finished renovating the room with her assortments, she collapsed upon the bed in relief. The room wasn't so positively repugnant, she decided after a time. Though it was somewhat disappointing following the grand impression the panelled entrance had made, it was adequate albeit rather dim. It certainly wasn't like the dormitories at Hogwarts, but it would do. And had it not been for such a distasteful choice in curtains and the yellowing walls, Rose might have even been half inclined to like it. She sighed. Movement. Rose's eyes darted toward the door, just in time to observe the door open a crack as a shadow drifted past in the corridor, which subsequently burst into light. The figure moved back into sight before disappearing from view again, then packed back a few steps to hover in the doorway and gazed at her through the darkness. "Oh, I'm sorry," he started, moving the door ajar slightly more. "I didn't see you there." It was little wonder, Rose thought; only then realising she had neglected to turn on the light in her own room. "You don't mind, do you? Only, it gets awfully dark in here." His voice was sleek and truly English, reverberating with wisps of tradition and elegance that it would be impossible to impersonate. "Not at all," Rose said somewhat unconvincingly, swinging her legs off the bed and standing to greet him. "You can come in, if you want." "Oh, thank you," he replied swiftly, as if he had been waiting for the invitation, yet he looked rather on edge. "Scorpius. Scorpius Malfoy." "Rose Granger-Weasley." "Pleased to make your acquaintance," he muttered, without a hint of irony. Silence. She raised her eyes only to find deep, engaging eyes gazing back at her, impossible to look away from, dirty green interrupted by strands of grey. "Where-" "Are you-" Scorpius began, simultaneously to Rose. They both emitted a hushed nasal laugh, disguised as sharp exhalation of breath, and smiled. "As you were," he muttered courteously. "I take it you're another gap student." "Actually no," he said, drawing his fingers back through his white-blonde hair. "I work here. Not that you aren't," he added quickly, "Only I am permanently. Well permanently is not precisely the right expression, I haven't been here all summer. What I meant to say is, I am a teacher." "Oh right." Rose hastened to reply. He continued to look on edge, and though he was young, Rose realised he was not as young as her. He had that aged look, not old, but as if he was brimming with knowledge, a mature stature that only presented itself once confidence had been gained in mastering some skill. "I'm afraid that I am being a rather poor example of the school in performing my errands so unproductively. Fortunately term doesn't really begin properly until tomorrow afternoon when the boarders arrive, but all the same I must apologise; I was instructed to summon the gap year students to the headmaster's study for their induction." "Oh, I didn't realise the others had arrived." "So it would seem." He nodded, and then promptly turned to exit the room. He spun around to face her once again. "It was lovely to meet you. I'm certain I will see you around, it is a rather small world down here." He smiled reassuringly, then ducked out of the gaping door, drawing it to with his sudden displacement of air so that it was left barley ajar. Rose backed away from where she had been standing and slumped down on her bed, still somewhat bemused by the man's awkward mannerisms. So she had been summoned to the headmaster's study. Rose chuckled to herself, amused at the irony of prospectively conducing a pre-induction quest to find the room itself. She was shaken from her mirth by the door swinging open. "I almost forgot," Scorpius said hurriedly as his head poked audaciously through the crack, the remainder of his slanting body being propped up by his outstretched hands; one on the doorframe, the other on the handle. "I neglected to mention where the headmaster's study is." He escorted Rose down the wide wooden staircase that Sam had earlier carried her suitcase up, and through the long wood-panelled hallway without uttering a word, that was until they came to the French windows at the very end, which overlooked the meadows and forests of the estate. Scorpius abruptly turned to face her. "It's that room, to the right," he said, indicating to the room on his left. The ease with which he said it made Rose wonder if he'd trained for the theatre, but she dismissed this notion on account of his age. More likely he had attended a school renowned for its plays, and there picked up the concepts of 'stage left' and 'stage right'. "Thank you," Rose muttered. "The doorknob turns anticlockwise." Scorpius nodded sharply, a curt smile upon his lips. Then, as abruptly as it had appeared, the sign of endearment vanished and he began to walk back down the hall, footsteps echoing in his wake. AN/ Please please please let me know what you think! Any feedback - good or bad - really is appreciated!