I gave you my mother's ring for this girl, as you requested." WHAAAT? No fucking way. No fucking way was any of this real. Draco closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Did it escape your notice that she wasn't wearing said ring, Mother?" Narcissa brushed off his cheek with regal obstinacy. "I assumed, Draco dear, that because it was a family heirloom, perhaps Hermione was uncomfortable wearing it in my presence, never having properly met me before this evening." She fixed Hermione with a (for her) warm little smile. "I do hope I've made it clear, my dear, that you need have no such apprehensions regarding my approval of your induction into our family." Draco looked like he wanted to sink into the floor. He swallowed loudly, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down as he looked at Hermione. "Can we…um…could we have a moment, Mother?" She nodded her head once, apparently completely non-repentant that she had said anything wrong, and left the two alone in the library. Draco screwed his eyes shut and walked over to Hermione on the loveseat. They sat that way a long time before either said anything, although Draco had many false starts. He'd open his mouth to say something before decidedly closing it and looking away. He finally cleared his throat. "I think it's pretty obvious that I'm out-of-this-world, crazy in love with you, Hermione." Hermione's eyes softened. "I know. I love you too." As if there was ever a question about that. Draco took her hands in his, stroking the soft skin and paying particular attention to the ring finger of her left hand. "I feel that I should speak my mind to you." Hermione couldn't resist smirking at his revival of their game. "I feel you should too." He sighed. "I feel like I don't know what to do with myself. I don't know what my future holds, or what I want to make of it. But I feel…I know that the only thing I absolutely want is for you to be in that future." Hermione couldn't believe she was hearing this. She thought back to her conversation earlier that evening with her best friend. Never in a million years would she expect Ginny to turn down a marriage proposal from Harry, or for Draco to propose to her before they had even graduated. And she especially would not have expected to feel an overwhelming tug on her heart as she heard Draco's words. Bloody hell, she wanted to hear these things. But it was barmy, wasn't it? They were still in school. They were too young to be thinking about this. Draco bit his lip and continued. "I feel that in this whole wide world, the only thing I really want is to be your husband." He reached into his jacket and pulled out a flashy, yet tasteful, obviously ancient diamond ring. "I've been carrying this around for months waiting for the right moment." He looked thoughtfully at the ring, still not quite able to look Hermione in the eye. This wasn't right. It wasn't supposed to be her. It was always supposed to be Ginny and Harry who got engaged first. They'd get married, spit out a few brats, and maybe six or seven years down the road, she'd think about getting married herself. But certainly not at nineteen! She licked her lips. "Draco, I…" Oh, but she did love him. And it was a really, really big, insane, never-going-to-happen-twice-in-her-life, kind of love. She knew he was it for her. So maybe it wasn't that crazy to admit that forever was inevitable with him. So why not now? And she didn't doubt for a second Draco's feelings for her. He loved her all the way through—the bad parts and all. It wasn't just a passing infatuation of youth. This was something they could build on to create a future worth having. This was the guy she could depend on to raise children with and grow old with. The guy who would do whatever necessary to help her achieve her goals in life and believe in her every step of the way. Holy shit. She was considering this. Not only that. She was convinced more and more every second that it was actually a good idea. Well, damn. Who knew? He sighed. "I know you'd rather wait until we're older. I know you value your space which is why you won't even give me the bleeding password to get into your Common Room. And obviously, I don't want to pressure you. And we don't have to get married if you don't want to. I just want to be with you Hermione, and—" "—Yes." Draco looked unblinking at her for several seconds, not having quite registered yet what she just said. "Okay, but just to be clear—" "—Yes, I'll marry you." Draco nodded once, still gaping at her like he didn't quite believe her. "Are you sure ?" Hermione frowned at him. "Are you chickening out now?" His face broke out into the brightest smile she'd ever seen. He could have lit up the world with that smile. "You really want to do this?" She returned his smile and nodded. He crashed his lips into hers and kissed her with a force that rendered her breathless. When they broke apart, they didn't stray from one another's personal space. Draco stroked her cheek and gazed into her eyes as if she was the only person in the world. "I feel that in my entire life, I've never been happier than I am in this moment," he whispered. Hermione's face spread into a slow grin. "I feel that this is absolutely barmy." She kissed him lightly on the lips. "But I've never been more certain of anything." Thank you all so much for reading! If you enjoyed this, check out the third (and probably final) installment of the "High" series, "The Year Neville Broke Bad." Love you all! - Amanda