stroke. "Now close your eyes - let me care for you." Harry's eyes flickered shut. He stretched back his head, surrendering the final scraps of thought to his lover's control, and lost himself in the feel of Severus's weight between his thighs, the pressure inside, the tender mouth doting to every sensitive spot on his neck. They fucked slow and steady - like the first time, Harry thought - an Edinburgh hotel seven years ago, night air through the window - grinding together as deep as they could go, over and over. Time unwound around them. He stopped caring if he failed. It didn't matter, so long as there was this - always this. No career could do this to him. No career would ever carry him to bed and make him forget his own name. No career would dig its fingers gently into his hips, groan to him that he was beautiful. No career would whisper in his ear as he came that it loved him. No exam result would compare to the feel of lacing his fingers into Severus's damp hair, listening to his lover breathe in the rush of his afterglow. For a long time afterwards, they laid together in the quiet. Somewhere outside of Harry's fuzzy, sex-soaked consciousness, a clock was slowly ticking. He stirred in Severus's arms, responding with a sigh to the lips that leant for his own. They kissed - slow and steady, full of love. Harry's mind began to fog. He woke, seven hours later, to the quiet beeping of the alarm. A month later, not long after breakfast, there came a creak from the door of Severus's office. He turned from his marking to find Harry, pale, standing on the threshold. He was holding a scroll. It was capped at both ends and sealed with the bronze sigil of the Wizarding Educators Examination Board. Severus drew in a breath. They'd been waiting for this for some weeks now. It looked like today was the day. "I can't open it," Harry croaked. He was wearing Severus's favourite jumper - the grey one that was a little big for him, a little long in the sleeves. Severus considered few things on the planet to be adorable. This was one of them. "I'm afraid you have to," he said. "Otherwise, we shall have to stand here for the rest of our lives… which will be something of an inconvenience." Harry looked briefly like this option might actually be worth considering. He looked down at the scroll, swallowing. "I - wondered if - would you - ?" Severus paused. In truth, it was Harry's hard work that had resulted in this success - or, he supposed, in this failure. It was Harry that should know the outcome first. But he hated to see Harry tormented. He'd known him as a boy, then a young man - and now, as a man. He'd watched him work his soul to threads during the war, tracking the Dark Lord's forces to every corner of the world to eradicate them, never faltering, never tiring, never frightened to act. He extended a hand, maintaining a neutral expression. Harry covered his eyes as his lover broke the seal, sliding off the caps. Severus unravelled the scroll to its fullest extent and read, quickly, his eyes scanning the long list of examinations and numerical grades. "What is it?" Harry begged. His hands scrunched over his eyes. "Oh shit, I failed. Didn't I?" Severus's eyes at last found what they were seeking - the final grade, circled at the bottom. He smiled. Without a word, he turned the parchment towards Harry's concealed face. Harry let out a whimper. "Don't," he pleaded. "Don't tell me, just… throw it out of the window. I'll ask Fred and George if I can stock shelves in their shop. I'll beg Albus to let me clean the castle toilets. Just don't tell me." "Open your eyes." "God - I can't. Is it - bad- bad, or just - bad - ?" Severus's lips curved. "Harry... open your eyes before we both grow old." Harry pried his hands the tiniest crack apart. One green eye peered out at the parchment, wincing in preparation. Severus watched him search desperately for the same thing he had sought; he saw the green eyes widen as they found it. "Distinction! What ? That's - there's no way that I - " Severus, grinning, put the parchment aside. He opened his arms. His back hit the wall with the force of Harry's hug. Laughing, they sank to the floor. Three months later, Severus watched from the library window as Harry assembled his inaugural squadron of first years on the lawn. The year's fresh-faced additions to Hufflepuff House were shivering with excitement in the September breeze, each one clutching a broom taller than they were. They watched attentively as their Flying Master in his leather boots strode up and down, demonstrating each Quidditch ball in turn, pointing out the goalposts high above the pitch. A smile played about Severus's mouth. Professor Potter , he thought. He would make sure Minerva reserved him a seat for this year's Quidditch House Cup. Harry had spent every day this week getting the pitch ready for the season. He'd come home to their quarters every night smelling of cut grass and leather. It was definitely not unwelcome. Severus watched Harry mount his broom, swinging one thigh over the vintage Firebolt with a practiced ease. Perhaps a front row seat , he thought. He turned away from the window, not troubling to repress his smile. It was unfortunate he had classes to teach. Perhaps he would head down to the pitch this afternoon to watch the Slytherin first years take to the skies - as their interested house master, of course. His professional attendance was almost mandatory. The wonders of a good night's sleep , he thought, as he headed back down to the dungeons. They really couldn't be overstated.