looked away from the professor, blinking rapidly. "Harry, learning to fight a dementor… it's highly advanced magic. It is not something we normally teach at Hogwarts, let alone to a third year like yourself." "I know," Harry replied fiercely. "But I have to try." He lifted his head up, looking Lupin directly in the eyes. "Please?" Lupin gazed at Harry a moment longer before sighing heavily. "I'll talk with Professor Dumbledore about it, Harry," he conceded. "And see what he thinks about all this. You would need the Headmaster's permission, anyway, before learning such advanced magic." Harry grinned widely, unable to help himself. "Thank you sir!" he exclaimed, feeling nearly giddy with relief. He would learn to fight the dementors, he promised himself. He wasn't weak. The professor smiled back. "No promises, however, you are quite welcome. Now, shall I write you a pass to Potions? I don't suppose Professor Snape would much appreciate you arriving twenty minutes late to class without one." Harry laughed, nodding happily in agreement. "No, I don't think he'd appreciate it at all, sir." Remus Lupin stood in front of the gargoyle which guarded the Headmaster's office. "Sugar Quills," he addressed the gargoyle, who upon hearing the password, slid aside to reveal a set of spiral stairs. With a slight grimace, Remus began making his way up the staircase, dreading the conversation to come. He knew where this conversation would inevitably lead, and what revelations would result from it. But he had promised Harry. And he of all people could relate to the desire to protect oneself against the overwhelming despair dementors wrought. Reaching the Headmaster's office door, Remus hesitated only a moment before knocking. "Come in!" a voice called from within. Swallowing harshly, Remus opened the door. Albus sat behind his desk, sipping a cup of tea. "Ah, Remus!" he exclaimed happily. "Do come and sit down! Would you like anything to drink- tea, perhaps? I remember you being quite partial to Earl Grey. How was your first day of classes? No problems, I take it?" Smiling at the Headmaster's chattiness, Remus took the offered seat. "Nothing to drink, thank you," he replied. "And as for my classes, they all went very well. No issues, though there is something I'd like to discuss with you." "Of course, my boy," the Headmaster replied, eyes twinkling as he took another sip of tea. Remus drummed his fingers on the desktop. "Well, after class today, I had a discussion with Harry Potter. He asked me if I'll teach him how to defend himself against dementors." Albus' blue eyes turned stony. "Ah yes," he murmured, setting down his teacup. "I heard about Harry's run-in with the dementors, the poor boy. I do wish the dementors' presence here at Hogwarts were unnecessary, but with the Ministry insisting…" "Yes, of course," Remus replied reassuringly. "No one blames you in the slightest, Albus. We all understand the necessity, unfortunate as it is." The Headmaster nodded, though his eyes remained solemn. "I believe it's important that Harry learn to defend himself from dementors, Albus," Remus continued. "Not because he's in any real danger from their presence here at Hogwarts; I know you'd never allow for that to occur. But with his… history, with what he's experienced in his past… the dementors affect him quite severely. Enough so that his Boggart is actually a dementor. I believe teaching him to produce a Patronus would greatly ease his fears." "Yes, I quite agree," Albus replied without hesitation. "Of course. You have my full permission to teach Harry." A knot formed in Remus' gut, and he paused a moment before continuing. "That's the thing, Albus… I myself am unable to teach Harry to produce a Patronus." The Headmaster frowned slightly, brow furrowing. "That does pose a slight problem, I'll admit" he remarked. "But I do understand, of course. With your transformations and subsequent recoveries, it would be quite difficult for you to take on the strain of additional lessons." Remus clenched his fists. His condition was certainly cause enough to excuse him from these lessons, but he couldn't live with the guilt if he allowed Albus to believe that were the true reason. "Actually, Albus, that's not the reason behind my unavailability..." With a shaky breath, Remus continued. "I am unable to produce a Patronus." The Headmaster glanced up from his tea sharply, looking about as startled as Remus had ever seen him. "What do you mean, Remus?" he questioned. "I understand you were the one who fought the dementor on the Hogwarts Express." Clenching his jaw, Remus sighed in embarrassment. "I should rephrase. I am unable to produce a Patronus without great strain and effort. On the train, there was only one dementor, and I had the motivation to save Harry. It took a great deal out of me to even produce that Patronus, incorporeal as it was." Dumbledore studied Remus intently, his eyes piercing. "Remus… I know in the past, you were quite adept at producing a Patronus. What has changed?" Remus winced, and it took all of his courage to continue speaking. "Since… since James and Lily died, and Sirius… well, since then, I've been unable to cast a true Patronus." "I am truly sorry for your loss, Remus," Albus murmured softly. Remus cleared his throat. "It is of little importance," he replied thickly. "The point of the matter is, I am unable to teach Harry, and I know how important it is to him to learn this. Is there any chance you could teach him, instead of me? Or know of someone who could?" The twinkle reappeared in Dumbledore's eyes as he smiled brightly at Remus. "Not to worry, my boy," he reassured him. "I know of just the person." Poor Remus.. I hope everyone enjoyed the first chapter! Snape has yet to make his grand appearance, but he will in the next chapter- I promise! Please, please review? They make my day, and provide great motivation to write faster. ;D