to bed. Instead of the floor and blankets they had set up, Mrs. Weasley put Harry in Charlie's old room, which he was thankful for. After such a long night, and the knowledge that she would only have four and a half hours to sleep, Marigold was happy to crawl in bed. As soon as her head hit the pillow, she was fast asleep. She had a dream about a crashing car and a crying Mrs. Weasley, but when she woke up, she didn't remember a thing. Marigold woke up and helped with breakfast like usual. When Ginny came down and saw Harry at the breakfast table, she ran upstairs again. Marigold made a feeble excuse for her, all the while knowing the real reason she ran away. Breakfast was eventful for about two minutes. Ron wanted to know how Harry had shown up, and Fred and George immediately started rambling out the story. But with one hard glare from their mother, the story came to an abrupt end. After breakfast, Harry went out to de-gnome the garden with Fred, George, and Ron. Marigold helped clear dishes instead. She had de-gnomed the garden before and had been bitten; she wasn't excited to do that again. Just as Marigold had finished wiping down the table, Mr. Weasley walked in the door. Without a word he collapsed into one of the kitchen chairs. He had just taken off his glasses and closed his eyes when the boys rushed in. Marigold passed Mr. Weasley the teapot he was blindly groping for as the boys took their seats at the table again. Marigold took her seat next to Harry. "What a night," he mumbled, rubbing his temples. "Nine raids. Nine! And old Mundungus Fletcher tried to put a hex on me when my back was turned." He took a sip from his tea and sighed. "Find anything, Dad?" Ron asked eagerly. "All I got were a few shrinking door keys and a biting kettle. There was some pretty nasty stuff that wasn't in my department, though. Mortlake was taken away for questioning about some extremely odd ferrets, but that's the Committee on Experimental Charms, thank goodness…" "Why would anyone bother making door keys shrink?" George asked. "Just Muggle-baiting," Mr. Weasley sighed. "Sell them a key that keeps shrinking to nothing so they can never find it when they need it… Of course, it's very hard to convict anyone because no Muggle would admit their key keeps shrinking—they'll insist they just keep losing it. Bless them, they'll go to any lengths to ignore magic, even if it's staring them in the face. But the things our lot have taken to enchanting, you wouldn't believe…" "LIKE CARS FOR INSTANCE?" Mrs. Weasley had appeared, holding a long poker like a sword. Mr. Weasley's eyes jerked open. He stared guiltily at his wife. "C-cars, Molly, dear?" "Yes, Arthur, cars," Mrs. Weasley said, her eyes flashing. "Imagine a wizard buying a rusty old car and telling his wife all he wanted to do with it was take it apart to see how it worked, while really he was enchanting it to make it fly ." Mr. Weasley blinked. "Well, dear, I think you'll find that he would be quite within the law to do that… There's a loophole in the law, you'll find… As long as he wasn't intending to fly the car, the fact that the car could fly wouldn't—" "Arthur Weasley, you made sure that there was a loophole when you wrote that law!" Mrs. Weasley shouted. "Just so you could carry on tinkering with all that Muggle rubbish in your shed! And for your information, Harry arrived this morning in that car you weren't intending to fly!" "Harry?" Mr. Weasley said blankly. "Harry who?" He looked around, saw Harry, and jumped. "Good lord, is it Harry Potter? Very pleased to meet you, Marigold's—" " These three flew that car to Harry's house and back last night!" Mrs. Weasley shouted, pointing to Marigold and the twins. "What have you got to say about that, eh?" "Did you really?" Mr. Weasley asked eagerly. "Did it go all right? I— I mean," he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs. Weasley's eyes, "that—that was very wrong…" "Let's go," Marigold muttered to Harry, as Mrs. Weasley turned red in the face. Marigold and Harry escaped the kitchen just in time; Marigold led the way to her room. When they got there Marigold shut the door, which put a buffer between them and the loud voice of Mrs. Weasley. Marigold flopped down on her bed while Harry sat at her desk. "I haven't gotten the chance to say it, with all the commotion, but, happy birthday, Harry," Marigold said after a few moments. "You too, Marigold. I'm sorry, but I didn't get you anything," he said, looking at his hands. "Oh, don't worry about that. I haven't gotten you anything yet either. We haven't been to Diagon Alley yet, so I haven't been able to get anything for you or Neville. And speaking of Neville, we're going to his house this Saturday to celebrate." Harry looked up, excitement in his eyes. "Really? Like a party?" "I mean, it's just going to be the three of us and his Gran, but yeah. He told me that he was going to plan everything out himself, so that should be something." "Definitely something," Harry agreed with a smile. Marigold and Harry spent the rest of the day catching up. Marigold figured it would be best not to mention the letter she got from her father for her birthday, deciding she would bring that up at a better time. They only stopped talking when Mrs. Weasley called them down for dinner, at which, Mrs. Weasley, not so subtly, gave Harry extra helpings. (A/N: Thank you so much for reading. I apologize for taking so long to post. Again, please read the other two stories if you haven't already. Please leave reviews, I love hearing from you!)