Dark Lord. Malfoy Manor was his base of operation, for Merlin's sake, during that last year of wartime. Regardless of their reasons and motives and questionably forced cohersion, the Malfoys had been amongst the Dark Lord's innermost circle, and that sin alone demanded retribution. Therefore, it was to no one's surprise, least of all Draco's own, when they had come for him and his family. He had been woken from a restless sleep, long past midnight, to his head pounding mercilessly as the wards surrounding Malfoy Manor were attacked. Draco knew his parents had anticipated it too. He remembered his mother, still wearing the somber black ensemble she'd favoured during that last year of war, freshly starched and laundered. Around her neck and wrists lay her finest jewels. She had dressed with the expectation of company. And his father, with his eyes dead and skin ashen and face gaunt from months and months of immense stress and little sleep. He remembered his father- a shell of his former self- raising his wand and lowering the Manor's wards willingly. Dropping his wand and raising his hands when the mob had burst inside to attack. Draco and his mother had followed his lead, lifting their arms in surrender- a final, desperate show of compliance. Theirs had been amongst the most public of the wartime trials. The Malfoy family was one of the oldest and most notorious of all pure-bloods, and their crimes and support of the Dark Arts was common knowledge. The media coverage had been merciless. And when the trials ended, Draco doubted there were a witch or wizard alive who did not know and despise the Malfoy name. It'd been nearly as bad as the war, those weeks of trials. The interrogation had been relentless. Days and nights of being questioned under Veritaserum, deprived of sleep and water until his eyes burned and his lips cracked and bled. Shackled around his limbs and neck like an animal. Deprived of all basic dignity. Harassed and tormented until his sanity hung by mere shreds. And then, the sentencings. They had done Draco and his parents in one go, all the better for the media coverage. Shackled and lined them up, one after the other, and led them into the Wizengamot courtroom to read them their condemnations. The evidence against them was presented- substantial and inarguable. And then, it was the Defense's turn to speak. And to Draco's immense astonishment, it had been Harry Potter- boy wonder himself- who had rose and stood in front of the Wizengamot to speak on his behalf. Stone-faced, Potter testified to the court and argued in defense of Draco and his mother. Under oath, he addressed the jury and informed them of how Draco and Narcissa Malfoy had aided him during the war. He explained how Narcissa had lied to the Dark Lord's face, and how her lie had allowed Potter safe passage back into Hogwarts. He explained how Draco had lied when Potter and his friends had been held captive at Malfoy Manor- how Draco's silence had allowed them opportunity to escape. He argued that Draco had been coerced and pressured into his role in the war. How it was only under the threat of death to his family that Draco had agreed to kill Dumbledore. And how Potter had been there that night in the Astronomy Tower, invisible, and had seen Draco's ultimate inability to commit murder. Potter spoke simple truths. He spoke of the small actions that Draco and his mother had taken to help him ultimately win the war. Not blatantly heroic deeds, but as Potter explained it, crucial all the same. And they were truths that would have gone otherwise unvoiced. They were truths which Draco had admitted to under interrogation, but no one had bothered to voice aloud in court. After all, what motive did anyone have to speak in his defense? Then again, what motive did Harry Potter have to speak in his defense? The Wizengamot had debated for hours and hours. And ultimately, the only Malfoy to receive a prison sentence had been Lucius- life in Azkaban for his wartime crimes. Draco wasn't surprised. His father's sins ran deep, and his crimes against the wizarding world were impossible to deny. For him, there was no possibility of salvation. His mother was fully pardoned. Draco, though relieved, had anticipated this. Narcissa Malfoy had no Dark Mark, had never participated in the torture of Muggles, nor served the Dark Lord in any truly tangible way. She was the spouse of a Death Eater, and though generally despised, this was not reason enough to condemn her to Azkaban, especially not with the evidence Harry Potter presented in her favour. Draco held his breath when they read his sentence. Had very nearly passed out upon hearing it. Mandatory surrendering of his wand and no use of any magic for one year. Strict monitoring and restrictive use of spells after that. A probationary hearing in six months. Routine visits with an appointed Ministry liaison to monitor his adherence to these restrictions. Voluntary surrendering of the Malfoy family fortune, the funds to be used as compensation for wartime victims. No Azkaban. It was unprecedented. A Death Eater- one who still bore the Dark Mark- allowed to walk away, essentially free. Draco could hardly believe it himself. They'd had to practically drag him from the courtroom. His mind was numb, his limbs limp and uncoordinated. He'd seen Potter leave, shortly after they read his sentence. Their eyes had fleetingly met, Draco's full of confusion and outrage and relief and desperation and above all, the burning question of why, why, why? Potter had met his gaze evenly, blinked once, and looked away. Walked out the door without even a shrug of acknowledgement. Draco still dreamed of that day. Of that exact moment- of stoic green eyes and unanswered questions. Please take the time to review if you have a minute! I so love reading your comments :)