if he was worried about dropping the blankets onto the law. All of the adults peaked at the small bundle that was Primrose Dorea Potter. She was a tiny little thing, small and delicate like her mother. But, not surprisingly, she had some of her father, which was was obvious as they looked at the wild looking tuft of black poking out of the very top of the blanket They had not seen her for the better part of a few months, and the girl had grown quickly from the infant they had know. Her eyes were closed and they wondered if her infant blue eyes had changed to look like her mother's or father's, her breath was going out in small, little puffs. However, there was one feature of the little girl that she had not earned from her parents: a small cut over her left eyebrow, shaped like a bolt of was a vivid red, slightly swollen. It was a contrast to the delicately pale skin of the child. Stark and eye-catching. "Is that where?" asked Professor McGonagall curiously. Her fingers reached for the little girl's head, as if to touch it, but instead they hovered over her bundle, not quite daring to. "Yes. She will have that scar forever." responded Dumbledore calmly, giving the little girl a serene smile that did not match the set of his furrowed brow. From his sad expression, there was a strange reluctance to look at the little girl, almost as if it pained him to see her. "You can't...?" McGonagall questioned softly, flickering fingers over the infant in emphasis, as if to magically remove the scar from the child's forehead. "No. Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can be ever so useful; after all, I have one above my right knee that is in the shape of the London underground." He said with slight humour, smiling a bit at this. Both Hagrid and McGonagall looked down at his legs, as if to try to see the mentioned scar beneath his robe, then shook their heads. Hagrid bent down and gave Primrose kiss on the forehead, then handed her into Dumbledore's waiting arms and gave out a sound like a wounded dog, his face wrinkled in pain. "SHH! You'll wake the Muggles!" said McGonagall in alarm, giving the giant a strict look. She motions up the street as if to prove it. "I'm 'orry...It just lil' Prim off to live with Muggles." said Hagrid in a slightly quieter voice, his gruff tone made even gruffer with suppressed tears. McGonagall awkwardly patted his elbow, the highest part of him she could even reach. Dumbledore walked up to the front porch of the house, holding the little baby in his arm carefully. With the other two watching him in silence, he gently laid down the bundle to the porch, tucking a thick letter inside her blankets. The three adults stared at their saviour, the saviour of the magical world: a mere slip of a baby girl, who looked as if too deep of a breath could break her. A single tear slipped out of McGonagall's eyes, Hagrid's enormous form quivered as if he was about to run over to the bundle and run off with it, and Dumbledore's blue eyes seemed to have lost their famous twinkle. "Well, best be off." whispered Dumbledore to the others, his eyes not leaving the bundle on the porch. He, too, looked as if he was restraining himself from picking up the sleeping infant and running off with it. "I better return the bike..." mumbled Hagrid mournfully, nodding towards said machine and straddling it, flying into the air with a loud growl of the engine. He did not look back, though he continued to tremble. "Must be going as well... Lots to do now." whispered McGonagall softly. She looked towards Dumbledore for a moment and reached out to him before changing her mind, instead disappearing with a wave of her emerald robe. Dumbledore lingered still. Both his mind and heart argued about what to do. One, almost paternal part of him suggested that he pick up the girl and raise her himself, out of sheer respect for his former students and friends. The other part, soft and solemn, desperately wished to reverse this night. It wished for James and Lily to suddenly appear to take back their child, leaving him to never make such a choice again. He knew that neither was possible. He flicked his wand, sending warming, cushioning and notice me not spells as well as a water repellant spell over her. Ones that should last until morning. With a heavy heart and an equally as tired mind, he flicked the putter-outer briskly, returning the lights he had put out. He gave one last look at the porch with the baby sleeping peacefully in it, feeling a twinge of paternal longing, the first part of him telling him to take her and raise her. He remembers James and Lily, knowing exactly what they would do in this situation. Instead of listening to this part, however, he disappeared with a flash of his robes. But not without a whispered: "Good luck, Primrose." Primrose Potter did not stir. Her small hand simply reached out to clutch the letter in her tiny fingers in reflex. She slept on peacefully, not knowing she was special. Not knowing what she had lost just a few hours before. She slept on without knowing that her life would take a turn for the worst when her aunt Petunia opened the door and screamed bloody murder when she went to grab the milk bottles that morning. She didn't know that she would be poked and prodded by her wailing cousin for the next several weeks. No, the little girl knew nothing of her future nor of the present, where all across the country wizards and witches were lifting their goblets and saying in hushed, solemn voices: "To Primrose Potter; The Girl Who Lived!"