glossy wet. But her lips were firm and frowning. He strode over to the bar and stilled her wrists. "Lily," he whispered. Tentatively, he reached out to brush a finger along a tendril of her red hair near her eyes. "Come with me." He grinned. "We both know you want to. I know you missed me too." She narrowed her eyes dangerously. "There'll be pay?" she asked. He laughed. "Aye, there'll be pay." She nodded curtly, and within a blink of an eye up went the knives back into her hair, as well as the one he'd so rudely taken from her by showing up and needing a knife thrown at him. "All right then." She was in front of the bar and steps beyond him within seconds. She turned around with a smirk and shouted to the man still situated behind the bar. "Tom, I quit!" It took about two weeks to gather all the supplies they needed. They found the Phoenix where the Cat Lady had told him to look at the Port of Kings' Cross—almost hidden from the naked eye. The rest of the crew scrambled aboard with the supplies, taking care of business as though almost no time had passed and falling into their old roles with practiced ease. Evans to the armory, Wormtail to the kitchen, and Moony to the sails. Madowes and Fenwick to stock the cabins, and Jones and the twins to sort out the cannons. Vance got the medicines ready, while Longbottom and McKinnon dealt with the remaining weapons and supplies. Padfoot would have been helping them, but he was First Mate now and barking out directions mixed with jokes and insults. He chuckled thinking what the Cat Lady would think of her replacement. Circe, her lips likely would have grown so thin as to be invisible. He could not wait to take the mickey out of her. First, though, he'd need to do the task the Old Man had assigned him. When the Captain had found him, he'd just been a boy of eleven with nothing to his name other than the clothes on his back and his shaking bones. Riddle had killed his family, and he didn't have anyone in the world. The Old Man had taken him aboard and given him a bed, some food, and a red and gold cloak to keep him warm. He'd given him a home and a family—Padfoot next and then all the rest. They'd just been watching and learning then, but soon they'd been able to do everything themselves. He remembered the tears the day the Old Man told them his master plan to finally put the worst pirate that had ever stormed the seas to bed. No one had wanted to agree, but no one could say 'no' after all the Old Man had done for them. And after all that Riddle had done to them and to countless others across the world. He remembered when the Old Man had taken him by the shoulder and whispered in his ear. "They'll come a time, James, when I'll call you back. You'll find the ship and set sail again. I'm going to need you to be their Captain then." "But you're the Captain," he had replied simply. "I can't be forever." "How will I know what to do? I've never been a captain before." "I've taught you all these years, and I've trained you to be better than I ever was. I think you know the ship better than I do some days. You'll be ready." Still seeing trepidation in the young man's eyes, he smiled warmly. "Don't worry, James. When you have people you love counting on you, you always find the right course," the Old Man had whispered, his eyes twinkling. He boarded leisurely, listening to the sound of the gulls and his heavy boots each time they took a step forward. The hem of his scarlet and gold coat kissed the deck as his fingertips brushed the rails. Gone were his Navy uniform, the spectacles, and that ridiculous ponytail. The salt-soaked breeze rumpled his messy hair and filled his lungs. He breathed in deeply and felt a stirring inside his soul. It had been too long. "Moony! Get those sails up! I want to be on the sea within an hour!" he bellowed to his sandy-haired friend. "Wormtail, make sure the kitchens are stocked. We don't know how long it will be before we see land again, and I still haven't had my rum!" He climbed toward the helm. "Padfoot, go check on the cannons! We're headed for a fight!" He watched with pride as his crew scattered around and made quick work of their assigned tasks. Once at the helm, he reached into his coat and took out the map he had stolen from Her Majesty's Navy—one of several actually. Studying the lines and figures, he took note of the wind and the sway of the water. Checking on the sails to see signs of progress, he caught the eye of Evans below—her red hair swept back underneath her brown pirate hat. She looked up to smirk at him, and he doubted he had ever seen her look lovelier. "Oi, Potter!" she called and hurled something in his direction. He caught it easily. "You're going to need that." He could have sworn the golden compass had been in his pocket not ten minutes before. He grinned back at her, knowing that there would be time enough for that to play out. For now, he took the helm in his hands and gazed out over the horizon. The sun was just beginning to rise. He did not know how far they would sail or whether they would win. He didn't know if the battle would be fierce or if the maps would be enough. But the Old Man trusted him, and he had his crew. And people—people he loved—were counting on them. And so they would sail. A/N: Love, Molly