someone out of a lycanthropic transformation. "This heartis where you live, this heart!" Harry grabbed Ron and helped me drag him away. There was a terrible snarling noise. Lupin's head was lengthening. So was his body. His shoulders were hunching. Hair was sprouting visibly on his face and hands, which were curling into clawed paws. His wand fell away from his hands. Crookshanks's hair was on end again and he was backing away. As the werewolf reared, snapping its long jaws, Sirius transformed. The enormous, bear-like dog bounded forward. As the werewolf wrenched itself free of the manacle binding it, the dog seized it about the neck and pulled it backward, away from Ron and Pettigrew. They were locked, jaw to jaw, claws ripping at each other. "Harry!" Pettigrew had dived for Lupin's dropped wand. There was a bang and Crookshanks flew into the air and back to the earth in a heap. Lupin flung Sirius off of him, the dog skidding through the grass. "Expelliarmus!" Harry yelled, pointing his own wand at Pettigrew. Lupin's wand flew high into the air and out of sight. "Stay where you are!" Harry shouted, running forward. Too late. Pettigrew had transformed. With a flick of the bald, worm-like tail that gave him his name, Pettigrew was gone into the grass. "Potter!" Snape was finally awake. Enraged, he appeared in front of Harry in a swirl of robes and seized the front of his shirt, lifting him nearly fully off the ground. "There you are," he snarled angrily. He would have said more, but at that moment Lupin roared loudly. Snape whirled around and I saw his eyes widen in something like recognition and fear, then narrow in determination. He seized my arm and yanked me behind him, throwing out both limbs and standing in front of us four students protectively. Lupin didn't like the gesture. He roared again and gave a swipe. Snape staggered backwards into us. I lost my footing as he tried to grab my shoulder to keep himself upright and was dragged down and turned. The back of my head smacked against something hard, my ears rang, and then everything was black. ()()()()() Waking up in the hospital wing was nothing new to me, unfortunately. I was even used to the pile of presents at the foot of it. The bouquet from Zabini, the familiar and mysterious white tulips. A pair of wrapped books that were probably from Nott and Daphne. A couple of Chocolate Frogs from Lily and Tracey and a bag of Zonko's products from the twins. What was new was Professor Snape sitting stiffly in a chair beside my bed. "You will no doubt be pleased to know that Black has escaped," he said through clenched teeth. "As has the beast of Hagrid's that was to be killed." My face brightened. I remembered rushing from Hagrid's Cabin and hearing the dull swish and thunk of an axe, but I'd turned away at the last moment… so had Buckbeak escaped? Then the black dog had come… everything from the Shrieking Shack flooded back to me and my eyes widened. "Sir, are you alright?" I asked worriedly. "You got tossed into a wall and then Lupin took a swipe at you…" Snape's jaw tightened. "I am fine, Potter," he snapped. "You, on the other hand, took a nasty bump to your head from a knot on the Whomping Willow." As if reminding me of its presence, my head throbbed. I winced, gingerly reaching up to touch the back of my head. The lump was gone, but it still hurt. From within his robes, Snape pulled a vial of potion and passed it to me. I took a moment to glance at it, recognized it as a Pain-Relief Potion, and downed it in one gulp. I grimaced, ready for the taste, but blinked. Instead of tasting like something a cat hacked up, it tasted pleasantly like cherry. I got the distinct impression that Snape had brewed this up specifically for me. "Thanks sir," I said, smiling slightly and passing the vial back to him. "I didn't do anything, Potter," Snape said coolly, shoving the stopper back into the bottle. He rose in a flourish of robes. "Feel better," he said shortly, and vanished through the curtains. I sighed as the throbbing in my head began to ease and then turned to the pile of goodies at the foot of my bed. Cheerfully, I grabbed a Chocolate Frog and popped it open. I caught the frog before it could leap away and bit off the head, chewing the chocolate and swallowing in satisfaction, closing my eyes. "Is he gone?" I opened one eye and saw Harry lingering at the end of my bed. Like me, he was in the standard hospital pajamas. I assumed he meant Snape. "Yeah, he's gone," I said softly, reminded of my actions in the Shrieking Shack. "Harry, listen…" Harry held up his hand. "It's… it's okay," he assured me. "I know that we handle things differently. WE're twins, but we're different people. I should… I should consider you moreoften." I smiled slightly. "And I should learn not to let my temper get the best of me," I said sheepishly. Harry grinned slightly. "Well, you are a redhead…" "Oi!" I chucked another Chocolate Frog at him. He caught it and popped it open, biting into the frog. "But that's not all. You're not going to believe it, but listen to this…" So here it is, the Shrieking Shack! Just imagine that after this Harry explained all about the Time Turner. A good opening to To Be a Student , which won the poll, narrowly beating out Interludes. It came out to about 18,700 words, which is crazy! I should be back on To Be a Slytherin after the New Year. I'll probably post her sporadically as inspiration strikes. As always, feel free to request thing you'd like to see here and I'll see what I can do.