too much of a goody-two shoes and would likely turn in a book of illegal Charms to Dumbledore instead of squirreling it away and learning them all. Had she cast the spell wrongly? Her photographs should've looked like mundane scenic pictures taken by any regular Joe. It wasn't like she could've practiced on something willy-nilly but evidently she screwed up given that Sirius was in possession of her photos. Midori swallowed hard, trying to remind herself she wasn't ashamed as Sirius's eyes roamed her body, shame flogging her pride. She made a choice while in a secure, loving relationship, never mind it hadn't panned out. Her heart ached at the thought of her ex turning the photos over to Black. Why had he done it? Sebastian was a good guy. They'd bonded in the library as first years, and he wasn't the type to simply do something as cruel as distribute his ex-girlfriend's naked photos. Had she misjudged him? Clearly, a cynical voice mocked. This is what happens when you're desperate for someone to love you. Love was an illusion that inevitably led to betrayal. She thought they'd parted on good terms, Midori's heart panged. In fact, Sebastian had dumped her and Bellatrix and her cronies gloated for months . Sirus stared at the girl before him and suppressed guilt. Merlin he wanted to touch her but blackmail wasn't the approach to get a girl into the romantic mood. Midori looked as if she was about to cry but it must've been a trick of light for she stared at him with such hatred he almost wondered if he'd imagined all those brief, admiring glances from her whenever he braved the Slytherin stands on the Quiddich Pitch. "You're fucking pretty." He blurted and watched disbelief tighten her jaw. "You're fucking unbelievable ." She snapped, shaking her head. "You think compliments are going to get you into my good graces?" "It's worth a try." Sirius sighed. "Do you want some flowers and chocolate and shit?" Midori's eyes narrowed. As a matter of fact, she did but not from him. Not, she repeated sternly as her internal audience clamored, from him . Sirius conjured rose petals and swirled them around her, smirking as her lips peeled into a snarl. "No? Don't like the colour?" Her features, by natural alignment of her boning lent her a fragility that made him want to hold her and promise to protect her from the world but he knew better. Midori Brooks wasn't a damsel in distress, she was the damsel that created distressing situations. She was so put together he wanted to throw her into a muddy pit and wanted to ruffle that waterfall of midnight silk just to see if shit would stick and if something other than a blank stare would ever grace her pretty face, if she was capable of smiling instead of sneers. His conflicted feelings toward the Slytherin were profoundly irritating. He spent countless sleepness night trying to remember he didn't like Slytherins. They were a backward bigots, obsessed with preserving tradition and a rigid sticklers for rules of society better left to a bygone era. Sure, Midori was gorgeous but she wasn't the first pretty girl to be sorted into Slytherin and he managed to ignore them all so why did she make his heart race faster? What was it about her that made him forget she was everything he should despise? Blue eyes watched him, unblinking. The color of her eyes were an unnatural eerie blue rimmed with flecks of darker hues. Midori herself reminded him of a cat, a sleek, beautiful and aloof cat that he wanted to chase and lick all over. Maybe that's why he wanted her so badly, Sirius acknowledged ruefully. He was, by all accounts, a dog person and she was kittenish. They said opposites attract right? Well consider him bloody attracted. Midori was sure she was going to have a heart attack as Black stared at her in a manner that bespoke of a tormentor trying to decide which method to best inflict damage, to rip the wings off a butterfly so to speak. Had she really been that stupid to hand over her wand and follow him to a deserted classroom away from potential witnesses to hear her scream? She flinched when Black stepped toward her. "I said I want answers." His tone contrasted his violent expression. "What possessed you to fuck Sebastian Norton and how exactly did you fuck him? Why him?" He wasn't jealous, Sirius told himself. He just wanted to kill that smug-faced bastard. How had someone that slimy managed to get Midori Brooks in bed was, in his books, a crime against humanity. Midori's stubborn chin lifted, firing his blood. "Tell me how you got those photographs, Black and what I have to do to get them back." Midori growled. "And don't think you can blackmail me for sex, I'll neuter you." Once she had her wand back she was going to kill him, Midori thought wildly. Then she'd slice Norton into a thousand pieces of beef liver for the cats roaming around the halls for ever convicing her to take those stupid photos. "Blackmail's such a nasty word. Why don't we call it… fate? Fate placed those photographs into my hands and fate will bring you to my bed." Laughing. He was laughing at her. Midori's fingers twitched. Oh she might serve a few years in Azkaban but she was most definitely going to kill Orion Black's oldest son. The man would probably thank her and send her flowers in prison. The door slammed open just as Black expelled a breath, sighing, "All right Brooks, look, here's the deal. What I really what–" James Potter, bizarrely bald and smelling strongly of cat urine and rotten fish spoke, sounding as if he inhaled too much helium. "Padfoot, we have a problem! Evans's allergic to sunflowers and this," he gestured his visage frantically, "This is the thanks I get!"