a way to get my hands on an owl and I can actually talk to that girl." Her expression was serious for once, and mildly stressed, concern plain. "She needs somebody to talk to, I think." For the life of him, Severus couldn't imagine what persuaded him to offer. Possibly because he intended to go to Diagon Alley in two days anyway, for the sake of checking with the apothecary there and making sure his usual standing orders were still in place for the year – students could always be counted on to go through armadillo bile and standard ingredient powder faster than he could get more in. And Eyelop's was not far… He recognized the value of Amity Raincrow being able to communicate with Lorena. He understood exactly why Potter had let this woman in on their world – it was beyond liberating to be able to speak freely with someone who had no preconceived notions about things in their world and who listened, actually listened, though that was admitted peppered with swears and crass jokes. He found himself wishing he had a personal Amity Raincrow. The idea was oddly appealing, and she had offered… For so very long he had been entirely alone. The moment Lily abandoned him was the moment he lost the one friend he'd ever had. As long as he had been teaching at Hogwarts or been a part of the Order, he had never made a friend. They were work colleagues, acquaintances at best. Most of the Order made no secret of the fact that they couldn't stand him and while his fellow teachers were at the very least more accepting, the only one who knew much about him was McGonagall, who was aware of his actions as a spy, as a Death Eater, as a teacher, as Pomfrey's supplier of potions, and as a hundred other things. The idea of having a person who was entirely removed from that world, from his work as a teacher, as a Death Eater, as a spy, who he could simply sit with and talk to as Severus Snape and not as the person who simply filled a slot on a game board was heady and tempting. How long had it been since he'd spoke to someone who wasn't using him in one way or another? Had he ever, really? Knowing that he was going to regret it the moment he said it, Severus opened his mouth and ground out, "In two days time, I will be going to Diagon Alley. If you would like, I can procure for you an owl while I'm there." Amity's face lit with delight and thankfulness and she sat up. She took care to move the plate of cookies off the couch and onto the coffee table, and for a moment Severus thought she planned to get up and walk away. But no, she launched herself at him, and he suddenly found himself with a ridiculous Muggle woman sprawled halfway across his lap, arms holding tightly around his shoulders and her laughing face pressed into his chest. "Thank you, Severus! Seriously, you have no idea how much this means to me, and don't worry, I'll pay you back – as soon as I work out what the conversion rate is – and if you need a favor from me, don't hesitate to ask." Severus was never comfortable being hugged, even as a child. When his mother passed away shortly after he left school, that was the end of any hugs for him, a loss he hadn't really mourned. Then Lorena Potter showed up, with her alarming tendency to hug him and sob into his robes. And now Amity Raincrow seemed to be developing the habit as well. Damnation and hellfire. He knew he would regret offering. "Get off me!" he snapped, and Amity squeezed him one last time but did indeed crawl off of him and settle herself back against the couch. "I see what Lorena means, you really are a sweetheart," Amity said. "Woman, I'd appreciate it if you'd stop with the terms of endearment," Severus snapped at her as he straightened his robes, scowling thunderously. Amity shrugged. "Hey, I'd appreciate it if you didn't call me woman. Raincrow works fine, ya know." She feigned shock at the idea and breathed, "Maybe one day we'll even work up to Amity. " She gave a melodramatic gasp and clapped her hands to her mouth. "Can you imagine?" All in all, Severus thought as he settled into his quarters again later that night with a plastic bowl full of fresh cookies, the night wasn't bad. On the whole, he would have preferred someone a bit more serious for company and he didn't think that he would ever become used to her insistence on flirting with him and her seeming delight in trying to embarrass him, but Amity Raincrow was definitely not bad company. Contemplatively, he picked up a cookie and bit into it as he stared into the flames. He hadn't had anything to drink tonight, he noted, and he hadn't even thought of anything terribly depressing or painful once. Perhaps Amity's raucousness was good for something – she drew attention to herself so flawlessly that he had none left to turn inward, and that was a blessing in a way. He did note that he'd also managed to provide himself with an excuse to see her again. Barring unforeseen circumstances, that should be in about two days. He breathed out wearily. They were the same age, but she made him feel incredibly old. He was aged beyond his years whereas she remained young at heart, and the stark difference only made him more and more aware of the things he'd missed in life. Yet he couldn't bring himself to regret it, because if he wasn't doing what he was doing, then the Light would be in far direr straits than they were now. But really, did she have to keep flirting?