now that she was alone, she was absolutely terrified. She would have rather gone through torture training than this, if she was completely honest, but runes were a necessity if she didn't want to be burned from the inside out by her own power. "Thankfully, I don't have to go over the basics with you, as you understand what is about to happen. Try your best to lie still, though I know this will be a difficult task. If you feel that the intensity of the pain is too high, I urge you to tell me to stop and take a break." She nodded, rolling her shoulders. "I'm ready." He obviously didn't believe that lie, but he didn't speak on it. "Alright, let's get started." She wanted to die. any would call her overly dramatic, but the amount of pain she was feeling literally made her want to drop dead right there to escape it. She didn't show it, but inwardly, she was screaming at the top of her lungs. It was as if her entire body was on fire. For once, she was going to ignore the fact that the pain would start all over again fresh and ask for a break. The entire room was spinning and she couldn't breathe, it was just that bad. Blinking a few times, she opened her mouth to speak, but something in the corner of the room caught her attention. It was moving, whatever it was, and despite her instructions, she moved, watching as it disappeared. For a second, it was silent in the room, and then there was a large explosion. She felt the pain of the procedure intensify and the first scream ripped through her entire being, the sound nearly deafening. There was someone yelling, then a banging at the door, but she couldn't make out either of the voices that were speaking or the pain that seemed to consume every inch of her. Then, by some miracle, it all stopped. Everything just simply halted. Well, came to a complete stop was more like it. She laid there, breathing heavily as her entire body went numb, the pain having taken away every bit of energy she had left. Turning her head to the side, she closed her eyes, opening the to see Agostinho standing next to the table looking down at her. "Here, Mazikeen. Drink this, it will help you." She noticed a cup in his hand, filled with a peppery smelling liquid, steam rising from the top. He scooped his arms underneath her shoulders, lifting her sweaty body into an upright position before placing the cup to her mouth and pouring the warm liquid down her throat. She swallowed compliantly, laying there for a second before her entire body began tingling, making her sit upright. After a few seconds, everything felt as normal as it could, though she was extremely sore. "Ow," she said as she tried to stretch, but quickly returned to the position she was in. "What did you do?" She looked over at Agostinho, but he seemed concerned. "You didn't see it?" He looked at her like she had lost her mind. "It may have been the pain, but I thought I saw something and I couldn't stop myself from trying to touch it. I was at my limit and I was about to tell you to stop, but before I could say anything, it all stopped." He looked around the room. "Where was it?" She pointed to the corner of the room, but nearly screamed aloud when she saw her hand. Her Emerald was gone!" He looked at her, a smile on his face. Turn around," he said, looking at her back. She turned towards the mirror in the corner of the room and saw what looked to be a large tree. It covered the entirety of her back, leaving room for her CoN rune. looking down at her hands, she gasped when she saw that her emerald had been replaced by the Celtic Shield of Destiny. It was rather interesting how even though they had migrated many times, they still held strong to Celtic symbolism. It had been nine generations since there was a Romanov was in Ireland, when they went by the name Conrí and her many greats grandfather found that he liked the name and took on the name her many greats grandmother, a refugee with good blood, as she had been called, made up to seem more Italian, which didn't really sound right to her because in Italian, Romanov was Romano. It had been close to 300 years since the name had been used. They had all been half Elves, all in arranged marriages to create the most powerful children that they possibly could. She figured that was why she was so powerful, because she was bred that way, as much as thinking that made her flesh crawl. She was bred to be powerful, bred to be great. Looking at her right hand, she noticed there was a symbol there, but she didn't know what it was. It looked like a deer in a forest or something like that. "That is the Elvish symbol of the Guardian. I'll look further into that for you if you would like me to," he said, watching as she stared at herself. Nodding, she looked around. "I think I want to go home," she said, looking around the room, which was more than obviously destroyed. He nodded, helping her off of the table and into her shirt. "Be safe, Mazikeen." She nodded, slowly walking out of the room and into the office, Crispin pacing nervously by the door. "Mazikeen are you alri-" She held up a hand. "I just want to go home." He nodded, nodding a goodbye to Agostinho and quickly apparating out of the place. Once she got home, she went to her room and laid across her bed, falling asleep as soon as she touched the blankets, not even bothering to redress.