do something worthy of remembering. You and Narcissa are both disgraces to the Malfoy name." Draco's jaw clenched. Lucius saw it and his smirk widened even more. Draco sat processing his father's words before deciding his. He didn't care; this man sitting in front of him was a stranger. A dead man. When he decided to speak, his voice came out low and threatening. "If mother and I are disgraces to the Malfoy name then no words make me happier. The more I am like Mother and less like you, the better. You are a lousy person. What happened to you? What made you become such a spineless excuse of a wizard?" "Don't you dare speak to-," Lucius yelled at him, but Draco cut him off. "I will speak to you however I damn well please! You are no longer the man whom I looked up to. I hold no respect for you anymore; do you want to know when that started?" Lucius was red in the face and seething. His nostrils were flared and he was breathing heavily. Draco reveled at how he angry he was making his father. He knew exactly where he was going with this conversation, consequences be damned. "It was the summer before my fourth year, Father. I found out what you were planning. What you did to Mother… Imagine that: the man I thought to be someone I wanted to grow up to be, was nothing more than a brainless oaf. I went to Severus. I told him everything. He took us, all of us, the ones who you all assumed was on your side, to the Order. To Kingsley Shaklebolt and Albus Dumbledore. We were under their protection. We served the Order as spies. And you know what? I am fucking proud of what I did." Draco did not even realize that he was standing until he was done. He sat back down and glared at his father who looked like he had been slapped in the face. Draco smirked before continuing: "No one knows what we did, only Kingsley now. But it does not matter. We know. If what I did makes me weak, if it makes me a coward, so be it. Those words mean nothing to me. I am proud to be my mother's son. My father, on the other hand… Well, let's just say, I have never been happier than I was the day they announced your sentence." Draco leant back in his chair. He felt lighter like he was no longer carrying the weight of the world. He could finally live his life. Lucius was looking at him like he had no idea who he was. And truthfully, he did not know his son. Draco knew that he and his friends had talked about keeping their roles in the war from their parents, but he saw no point in that anymore. The war was over. The Light won. His father was sentenced to a fate worse than death. There should be no reason why he should not tell him the truth. He wanted to hurt him. He wanted him to know that his only child did not believe the same ideologies that he did. Lucius cleared his throat. "Is it true?" he asked, his eyes disbelieving. "Why would I lie?" Draco responded snarkily before sighing. "Yes, it is true. Every word I just told you is the truth." Lucius looked into his son's eyes before responding, hate filling his voice. "You disgust me," he spat. Draco just smiled. "Father, enjoy the last few days of your life." Draco looked at the Aurors who were moving towards them. He stood and stared at the man who raised him for a final time. Lucius looked like he was having an internal battle. He opted for glaring at his son before he was pulled out of the room. Draco turned to exit the room, turning his back on his father and his past. When he reentered the corridor, he saw Pansy already standing with Blaise with a torn expression on her face. Draco hurriedly made his way over. "Pans, you okay?" he asked as he approached. "Yes, I think so," she replied turning to face him. "I just told my father about everything." "Great!" Draco exclaimed. "Me too" "How did yours react?" Draco shrugged. "Just like I expected him to: stubborn. Why? How did yours react?" "Calmly," Pansy replied softly. "Too calm…He told me that he always knew that I would disappoint him. Then he calmly told me about my mom…everything about her…what he did to her…" Draco and Blaise exchanged shocked looks, but before they could enquire further, Theo emerged from his room. He had a smile plastered across his face. He jogged up to his friends happily. "I told him," he said. "I told him what we did. How much I hate him and how I am happy he'll be gone." Pansy and Draco smiled at Theo. "Us too," Draco responded. Blaise stood looking shocked. "Hang on for a bloody second! I thought," he started. "I thought we agreed not to tell them anything." Pansy was about to respond when Kingsley came back over. "It looks like everything went well. Your parents are back in their cells at Azkaban." Kingsley smiled at them as he started leading them out of the Auror office. "Did you guys happen to tell them anything about your roles in the war?" They nodded. "I just felt like I needed to," Draco responded. "I did not want him to think that I was anything like him." Kingsley nodded as they reached the Floo area. "I agree with you Mr. Malfoy. You four have nothing to be ashamed of. You don't have to hide anymore," He smiled at them. "Thank you all for coming in. I know it was hard, but it needed to be done." They returned the smile as they shook hands with him and exited through the Floo into their new lives.