she made her way back to the exit and headed towards the Hospital Wing. "Granger!" She heard a familiar voice calling out to her. She stopped. Seconds later Malfoy caught up to her. "Where are you running off to so soon? The party isn't even near being over." He was a little out of breath. He must have ran after her. "Malfoy, I don't really have time for that," she whined. The weird sensation in her abdomen started being painful. "What, you have better plans?" he teased. She didn't answer. Something was not right. The blonde started getting blurry and she felt as if her knees were made out of cotton. "Granger?" His voice changed. He almost sounded worried. "I..think I'm gonna faint," Hermione breathed. "What, now?" She heard him say right when everything went black. "Shit!" Draco hissed as he jumped forwards to catch Granger before she fell to the floor. He lifted her petite body up and headed for the Hospital Wing at a fast pace. "Oh, Merlin!" Madame Pomfrey gasped when he entered, Hermione in his arms. "What happened?" "She just collapsed," Draco said shortly, walking towards the bed Madame Pomfrey pointed at. He heard a soft whimper. Hermione started moving in his arms. He set her carefully down on the soft mattress and untangled his arms from the Gryffindor. Madame Pomfrey waved a vial of angry green potion under Granger's nose and her eyes fluttered open. Confused, she looked around her. "Mr. Malfoy here says you collapsed," Pomfrey started talking to the girl. "Do you have any idea what might have caused it? Hermione quickly looked at Draco. He knitted his eyebrows and asked: "Should I leave?" "No!" That answer surprised him. "Stay," she said quietly and continued. "I...I'm pregnant and I started spotting and having cramps. I was on my way here and I fainted." Draco's eyes widened. Hermione must have been embarrassed, because she was staring at her hands, probably avoiding his stare. "All right. I'll be right back," Madame Pomfrey said and left disappeared behind the curtain separating the hospital area from her office. Draco cleared his throat and unsure of what he was supposed to do, he pulled up a chair for himself, sitting right next to Granger. "It's going to be fine," he said quietly and shyly grabbed her small hand. She squeezed it back tightly. "I'm scared," Hermione whispered, her voice trembling. "I thought I didn't want to be pregnant, but now… I don't want to lose it…" "Okay, Miss Granger. Lay back for me please," Pomfrey returned with a book in one hand and her wand in the other. Hermione did as she was told, still holding Draco's hand. "We don't get many pregnancies around here anymore, so I thought I would consult a book. Just to be sure." The woman muttered something, holding her wand against Granger's abdomen. Pink sparks flickered on top of the girl's skin and the room suddenly was filled with this peculiar sound. Quick thumping. Wait… "Mhm," Madame Pomfrey hummed, pleased with herself. "Everything sounds perfect to me, Miss Granger. The heartbeat is strong and I don't hear any abnormalities." "T-That's…" Granger stuttered. "That's your baby's heartbeat, yes." Pomfrey smiled. "Spotting and cramps are nothing to worry as long as they are not strong. And you probably fainted because your blood pressure changed suddenly. That happens during pregnancy. But just as a precaution, I would recommend three weeks of bed rest. Is that alright with you, Miss Granger?" The girl just nodded her head. "Fabulous. I'm going to get you some prenatal potion now." Pomfrey waved her wand and the sound of the heartbeat disappeared. The woman disappeared behind the curtain once again. Suddenly Granger started sobbing quietly. "Everything's fine, Hermione," Draco said softly and squeezed her hand lightly. "I know, I know." She wiped the tears off her face. "I'm just… relieved, I guess." Madame Pomfrey came back with a vial of see-through potion and another book. "Drink that." She handed the vial to Granger. She drank it. "And take that." Pomfrey gave her the book. Upon glancing at the cover, Draco discovered it was some sort of book about pregnancy. "It's best to be prepared. I expect you to visit a Healer right after the graduation. And I was not joking about the bed rest. You need to relax, give your body a break." Then she turned towards Draco and said, index finger pointed at him, as if she was reprimanding a child. "She's not allowed to lift anything heavier than a mug of tea. Are we clear?" "Yes, Madame Pomfrey," Draco said quickly. He and Granger exchanger confused looks. "Granger, come on. Get up,"Draco urged her, leaning on the doorframe of their quarter's bathroom. "No. I live here now. This is where I'll stay. Forever," she whined, sitting on the floor, next to a toilet. "Don't be so dramatic," he scoffed. Draco entered the bathroom, walked to the sink and grabbed Granger's toothbrush. He squeezed some toothpaste on it and handed it to Hermione. "Brush your teeth. We're leaving in five minutes.," he ordered. She started brushing. "I don't want to go." Her words were muffled by the toothbrush in her mouth. "Too bad. It's the graduation. You're going." She knew there was no point in arguing about that. So she just rolled her eyes. Draco shook his head and left the bathroom. Exactly three minutes later Granger emerged from it too and joined him in their common room. Still in foul mood. "Oh, lighten up. This are your last moments in Hogwarts. Enjoy them." "Yeah, I really enjoyed puking for the last thirty minutes. Got anything else?" she scoffed. "We have some flats to look at tomorrow, maybe try not to murder the realtor agent?" Malfoy sent her his favourite smirk and she scowled. "Ugh! What are we, friends now?" She stomped away towards the door leading out of their common room. "It would appear so," Draco sighed, following her.