yolk stain on the rug. "What?" "You heard me, Harry. Do mine. Cut my hair." She's thinking as she talks; this is all an impulse, abrupt and deliciously shot through with the adrenaline that comes with making snap decisions. She twirls a strand of her long, wiry hair around her finger, observes it with a boredom she had not felt until this moment. "It's time for a change, I think—not to mention the pragmatic value of cutting all of this mess off. No more leaves and twigs getting caught in it. My hygienic routine will be shorter and more efficient. It's a win-win situation all around, really." "No way," he objects quickly, shrugging distressed fingers through his hair. "I'd just mess it up. You do it. You have steadier hands." "Yes," she responds patiently, like a mother explaining something to her child, "but I have no mirror and little desire to attempt shaping my hair in the absence of it. You did perfectly fine with your own hair, and I see no reason why it shouldn't be the same with mine." "I can give you a reason or two, more if you need them. Shall I make a list?" "Stop complaining and cut my friggin' hair, Harry Potter." And that's that. With a nod, Harry closes his mouth (which had most likely been opened by an unspoken witticism), and swipes her wand from his back pocket, a gesture which Hermione refuses with a simple shake of her head. "Let's do it the muggle way. I have some scissors somewhere in my bag. Retrieve them if you would, please." "Accio scissors," he intones obediently, and a small pair of golden sewing scissors wriggles itself out of her magical bag and flies into Harry's outstretched hand. Hermione reclaims her seat by the table, runs slender fingers through her bushy, brown hair one last time. "How short?" he asks, coming to stand behind her. She smiles a little, bites her lip. "Your length would be suitable." III. They are sitting at the mouth of the tent together, watching as the sky slowly turns from orange to red to purple; the stars glimmer from thousands upon thousands of light years away, indifferent to the wizarding war brewing beneath them, unknowing of the boy who lived (who isn't quite sure what to live really means anymore) and the brightest witch of her age (whose book smarts simply don't matter in the middle of nowhere). They are leaned against each other, his arm around her slender frame, her head on his shoulders. (The ghost of his hoarse laugh snickers in the sleepy silence, and it echoes.) (The memory of his departure materializes before them in painful clarity, and it stings. It bites. It haunts.) "I miss him," Hermione says after awhile, says it matter-of-factly, says it like it's an answer to one of McGonagall's theorems of Transfiguration. But this isn't Transfiguration anymore, and when Harry looks over at his friend, he no longer sees the buck toothed, bushy-haired know-it-all he had first met on the train all those years ago. He sees a girl who asked him to cut all of her long, brown hair off because it was practical, economical and because long hair just wasn't her anymore, dang it, so stop complaining and cut my friggin' hair, Harry Potter. He sees lined eyes that belie sleepless nights. He sees a steeliness in the set of her jaw that has nothing to do with the confidence she has always had in her intelligence and books. As she brushes back a strand of her newly cropped hair, Harry sees the collateral damage that his long game with Voldemort has caused and tries to remember what exactly he's fighting for, but more importantly, if it's even worth it. Hallows and horcruxes. Hallows and horcruxes. "Yeah, I do too," he replies eventually, and the admission feels like a lump in his throat. He looks away for a long moment, digs his fingernails into the snow beneath him. It crumbles under his palm. Hermione glances up at him and for neither the first, nor the last time, wonders what this boy ever did to deserve the world on his shoulders. Harry is extraordinarily brave and kind and good, but he's damaged, too, and the recognition of this has seemed to escape the notices of many, including— not surprisingly, she thinks dryly—himself. He doesn't sleep well anymore, tosses and turns in his blankets on the nights she's on guard duty. He looks paler and skinnier than he has in years, looks skeletal in the moonlight, looks broken. There's something like stillness in those emerald green eyes now that makes her feel a little uneasy; once upon a time, they had shone out of his bright, eleven-year old face: vivid, hungry, and exceptionally beautiful. She had always been a little envious. He cut his hair today, slashed off incongruous chunks with his wand, crudely restored the feathery blackness to some sort of untidy order, and she doesn't think he did it because it was getting too long, doesn't think he cared anything about that. She has the sneaking suspicion that Harry saw his reflection today and couldn't recognize himself, and it broke something inside him that he hadn't realized could be broken. She thinks some poor couple is going to walk into their barn sooner rather than later and find an angry pile of black hair scattered amongst stringy hay because subtlety had never been Harry's strong point. But that's just a guess, an unformulated hypothesis really. "You should go in," she suggests after a few beats of silence. "Get some sleep. We have a long day tomorrow, you know, moving and everything." "I know." Harry doesn't move, though, and she doesn't make him move either, keeps her head rested against his shoulder, lets his arm remain draped around her. They watch the night go by until the last dregs of it are slowly being turned over by a pink sky.