I get to spend the rest of my life with you and that glorious mouth," he gasped. "Your turn, love." "Wait." Hermione quickly transfigured her beach towel into a blanket, big enough for two. "I don't fancy fishing sand out of myself for the next few days." Draco laughed as he crawled towards her, hooking his thumbs over her bikini bottoms and tugging. He licked up the side of her right thigh. He could taste the sea and the sun on her skin. He groaned as he reached her wet and willing core. He loved doing this for her. She completely lost herself every time he put his mouth on her. Once, when she wrapped her legs around his head, she nearly broke his neck when she came. Sweet Salazar, it was worth it, though! His lips hit home and locked around her clit. She immediately started writhing, almost fighting him to get off of her. The pleasure was so exquisite, it bordered on unbearable. But he knew what she liked. If he licked there, and kissed there, he'd have her coming apart in minutes. "Fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck," she chanted. Gods, he fucking loved that. That smart mouth, so prim and proper in school, spouting historical facts and immaculate grammar—it all turned to utter filth every time he got his hands on her. Or in this case, his mouth. He was so hard he was nearly bursting just listening to her. Add to the mix the tangy-sweet taste of her—it only urged him to make her come faster so he could have her properly. He moaned as he laved her sensitive folds, knowing that this was the point where those particular nerve endings would come out to play. If he just hit the very edge of them… " Ohhhhh , shit!" An almighty orgasm ripped through her body. When the last shudder rippled through her, she sighed and relaxed her legs from their hold around Draco's upper body. "Oh, gaawd," she gasped, too spent to elaborate. Draco smirked appreciatively. Should he give her a minute to recover or should he take advantage of her heightened sensitivity and take her now? He crawled up her body and kissed her deeply, thrusting his tongue into her mouth, forcing her to taste herself. "What do you want, love?" he whispered roughly against her lips. She whimpered and rubbed her lips and thighs together. Draco took his extremely erect cock in hand and ran it against her wetness. She gasped, thrusting her hips up to meet him, begging him with her body to do it again. Oh, yeah. She's definitely ready for me. "You want my cock?" he asked, running it against her folds again. She bit her lip. "Yes, please," she whimpered. He hissed in response. He couldn't handle her begging. The little minx knew that, too. "You got it," he growled as he entered her in one deep thrust. She was snug, warm, wet perfection around him. He moaned as he thrust into her again. Her legs wrapped tightly around his hips and she rode him from below. He thought he could die a happy man watching her take everything she needed from him, pushing herself further on his cock, driving him to go deeper and harder. She was so earnest it might have been sweet if it hadn't been so fucking hot. He dipped his head to take one of her nipples into his mouth. He felt like such a perv sometimes when it came to her breasts. He'd catch himself staring at them, especially when she wore a form-fitting jumper which outlined them so teasingly. Sometimes she'd be the one catching him staring and she'd snort and roll her eyes. And as much as he liked to look, he liked to touch, and squeeze, and lick, and kiss, and taste even more. Maybe he was just some leering arsehole who liked his girlfriend's—strike that— fiancée's rack, but he really believed they were made to be loved by him. It'd be a shame to let them go to waste and be unappreciated and unadored. He switched angles until he found the one that drove her barmy every time. "Ahh-hh, that's it," she moaned. Draco saw stars as he drove into her, hitting that magic spot. He dimly registered the plethora of sensations on his body that this carnal act inspired: a single drop of sweat trailing from his scalp down his neck; Hermione's nails digging into his back, leaving small, crescent-shaped indentions in their wake; the sea breeze hitting his sensitive, flushed skin and sending shivers up his spine. Then, of course, there was his dick—the ground zero of his erogenous zones—which felt pretty fucking brilliant right now. Couldn't forget about that one. Especially since the tightness in his balls threatened to break any moment now. "Need…come," he gasped as he pounded into her. It wasn't very articulate, but it was the best he could do at that moment. "I'm so close," she breathed. Draco went to his not-so-happy place to keep from shooting off before she came again. He had collected a reel of less-than-appealing images in his mind's eye to use for this very occasion. Great Auntie Lucretia pinching his cheeks and reeking of stale sherry. That time he accidentally walked in on Goyle going at it with Millicent Bulstrode. Pickling bat spleens during detention with Filch. Weasley eating a burrito. "I'm coming!" she cried. As his sweet witch pulsated beneath him and he joined her on her journey over the edge, he felt a surge of affection, warmth, and masculine pride well up within him. When it was over he dropped like a ton of bricks next to her on the blanket. He was fucking knackered. "Merlin, Salazar, and sweet Circe's tits, Hermione. I should propose more often." The prequel to this story, "Hot for Teacher" made it to the finals of the "After All This Time" Spring 2017 Dramione Fanfiction Awards "Best Fluffy/Humor Fic". Thanks to everyone who voted!