here to let you and your mutt know that dueling me won't end well for either of you." "What did you call me," Sirius growls. "Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot how daft you are. I called you a MUTT, a mangy, flea-bitten, mutt." Sirius and James push back from the table and point their wands straight at Severus. Lily takes the chance of everyone looking away to pour the contents of the vials into James' and Sirius' goblets of pumpkin juice. Once the vials are empty she scurries away to a nearby seat. Now that the drinks are ready Severus needs to find a way to get out of the situation he is in. "Now, let's not be so hasty. After all we are going to duel aren't we?" "Or we could just blow you to bits here and now," Sirius threatens through clenched teeth. "No, he's right," James says, lowering his wand, "We can wait to humiliate him until then." Severus lets out a sigh of relief. He had not realized he had been holding his breath the entire time. Sirius looks like he is ready for blood, his blood. "Well now that that's settled we should decide the details for our duel," Severus says shakily. "Of course, let's say two p.m. on the Quidditch field. Agreed," James asks. Before Severus can agree to anything, Sirius stands up on top of the table with his goblet in hand. "Hear ye, hear ye! On this day during the second hour the field you once knew to be for the game of Quidditch will transform into a great battlefield! Join your two favorite heroes there as they duel this school's greatest foe; Severus Snape," Sirius bellows. All around Severus the Great Hall erupts into riotous applause. He can feel his face redden as everyone stares at him. If Sirius and James were not so close to drinking the potion he would curse them where they stand. "Toast with me my brothers and sisters, to the victory of the true heroes!" Students everywhere throw their drinks back. Severus stares intently at Sirius and James, watching as they clink their glasses together. He smiles wickedly as the pair gulp down the potion infused juice. Nothing happens at first. Their flawless skin stays the same and for a moment Severus thinks the potion has failed. Then, their skin begins to bubble, as though their skin is boiling. Sirius begins leaning from his perch on the table, knocking James onto the floor as he falls. Horrible screams fill the air as the friends writhe in agony on the floor. In between their fingers Severus can see the development of the troll zits. Giant lumps of reds and greens and yellows cover their faces and slowly begin covering the rest of their bodies. Some are even oozing horrible, smelly pus. Professors flood the table exactly when a gigantic zit explodes, squirting a stream of pus into the gaping mouth of a nearby student. As the student vomits onto the professors the entire room erupts into unforeseen chaos. This is not what Severus had wanted. If the professors realized him and Lily had done this they would definitely be getting more than a detention. Through the chaos he spots Lily still sitting at her seat; staring in horror at the scene before her. He runs around the professors and grabs Lily by the hand. Without a word they begin sprinting through the other students towards the door. While attempting to push past the other students Lily's hand begins to slip from Severus' grasp. He fights to hold on but a shove from behind forces him to the ground. His attempt to stand back up is met with a kick to the chin and he feels his head crack against the stone floor. The room begins to swim before his eyes. Scrambling feet rush past him in a blur of blacks and whites. His eyes start to drift closed, but he could swear he sees Lily's beautiful face in front of his before everything goes dark. It feels as though fire is scorching Severus' skull. He slowly opens his eyes to the piercingly bright light. It takes him a long moment to gain his sight back, but when he does he sees Lily sitting in a chair next to him. "Lily…" "Oh my gosh! I'm so glad you're awake! I was so scared!" "Ugh, slow down. Where am I?" "You're in the infirmary Severus. You hit your head pretty hard." She reaches over and lightly touches his head. He recoils from her touch, letting out an audible hiss. "Bloody hell Lily! Why would you do that?!" "I'm sorry! I didn't realize your head hurt that bad. Here, drink this." Lily hands him a cup from his bedside table. The liquid inside is dark gray and smells like dirty socks. It tastes like dirty socks. "Bleh! This is vile! What is it," Severus asks, setting the cup back down. "It's your medicine. It's supposed to help heal your head and ease your pain," Lily responds soothingly. He must admit, his head does start to feel better. As his senses begin to return the most awful smell fills the air. At first he thinks it is the medicine, but then he hears a loud groan from the other side of the room. Looking over he sees Sirius and James lying in nearby beds being covered in something dark brown. "Look Severus! They're finally getting what they deserve!" The troll zits! He had completely forgotten about this part. Sirius and James squirm under the hands of the nurses. However, Severus does not know if he should feel worse for his enemies or for the women having to spread troll feces on them. Who is he fooling? This is the moment he had been waiting for. He had not envisioned himself lying in the infirmary next to them, but all that mattered was that he had finally gotten his revenge. The End