because you two fight. A lot of siblings – and cousins – fight. But you haven't seen him in months! How about some sweets? That should be simple enough-" "He's fat. He should be on a diet. Sweets won't do him any good." "Oh, you're just being difficult-" " No, I'm not. Last year, the school nurse sent a letter, saying he was overweight." "Well... All right, then. Let's have a look through the catalogue-" "That won't do either. He's scared of magic. Ever since Hagrid magicked him a pig's tail over the summer-" "What? That doesn't sound very nice. Didn't Hagrid explain properly that it was supposed to be a joke? Or that it would be temporary? And anyway, I thought he didn't have a wand..." "Well..." Harry did not want to dwell on the fact that it had not been temporary, and that Dudley had needed to have the tail removed surgically, but for the first time in his life, he felt almost sorry for his cousin. "Anyway, he won't like anything from the magical world, so that's that," he said, returning to the problem at hand. Hermione frowned, but did not contradict him, and she did not bring up the Dursleys again (much to Harry's relief). They did have other things to think about after all. As the temperatures dropped, and fewer and fewer owls managed to make it through the snow unscathed, Harry was glad that he would not need to send Hedwig, that there were delivery owls to deliver the presents he had ordered. Within the warmth of the common room, curled up snugly in a secluded corner, the three friends started discussing ideas for presents. Hermione seemed to think everyone – at least all the grown-ups – would be happy to receive books. The boys argued with her, and got her to change her mind about all but her parents – who, to be fair, would probably like books, if they were anything like their daughter. As they started discussing Hagrid and McGonagall, both Harry and Hermione unsure what to get them, they noticed how Ron's mood kept changing. One moment he would be engaged in the discussion, making silly suggestions that Hermione kept shooting down, and the next moment he would turn sombre, and grow quiet. Hermione was the first to catch on. "Ron, would you maybe like to help with Hagrid's present? I was thinking, Harry isn't the only one who's friends with him. We all visit him. So I'd like to help with the present myself," she said after Ron had fallen silent once again. "Well – I-" "Great idea, Hermione!" interrupted Harry, before Ron could give a coherent reply. "I've been thinking – I mean, McGonagall let me join the House team – and she may have bought me my broom as well – so I had this idea for her present-" "I – I don't know-" interrupted Ron. "I mean..." He blushed. "It's a present for a teacher, Ron. It's supposed to be something small," Harry told him, immediately catching on that money might be the problem. "Yes, exactly. My teachers always said they received too many sweets, and what they really liked were letters and greeting cards with some honest well-wishes." Harry nodded. "Yeah. Some of my teachers said the same thing." "Okay," agreed Ron, "I'm in." That left Neville. After having decided to get Hagrid and McGonagall a joint present, it seemed obvious to do the same for Neville, as well. He was Ron's dorm mate as well, after all, and he had befriended Hermione first. This was how their tradition of giving joint presents was born, not that they were aware of it at that point. There was one more surprise in store for Harry, though. Before leaving Hogwarts, Hermione had promised to do all their muggle shopping and send to them. The owl, carrying a parcel from her that arrived a couple days after she had left, Harry had expected. What had been surprising was the extra item it carried. It was a thin book, or booklet, accompanied by a short note: Harry, This was the first book I bought after I found out I was a witch. It's a short introduction to the wizarding world, written for muggleborns. If you do decide to send your cousin a present after all, you could send it along. Maybe it'll help him understand our world better, and he'll stop being scared of magic. All the best, Hermione That girl really knew how to be interfering, was Harry's first sentiment as he read her note. He did not give it much thought, just threw in the booklet with his other books, and left it there. Some days later, however, when he and Ron were busy sending off all their presents, he had another look at it and reconsidered. He had always been considered a freak by his family, and a few months ago he had discovered the reason for that was because he was a wizard. His aunt and uncle had known that, but his cousin had been as clueless as Harry himself. The only reason Dudley had called him a freak was because he was a bully and had gone along with his parents. Harry might have felt a little sorry for him for the pig's tail, but for the most part, he thought Dudley deserved it, deserved to be shown that Harry was no freak, and that magic was wonderful and powerful – not something to look down on. And if it scared his cousin a little, receiving a magic-related article, so much the better. Harry did not bother with an actual Christmas card for Dudley. He just wrote a short letter, tied it together with the booklet from Hermione, and sent it off with strict instructions to Hedwig not to be seen, and to deliver the parcel to Dudley, and Dudley alone. He did not need his crazy family going after his owl, after all.