; it could have been seconds, minutes or even hours for that matter. The only thing he was aware of was Granger's dead body in front of him. Behind his back, Goyle patted his shoulder and leaned towards him. "Draco," he said, "Come on, do something." But he didn't move at all, and his hand, which was holding his wand, fell down weakly against the side of his leg. Then, even though everything around him was blurred, he saw Lupin step towards him and push him to make him shift to the side. Draco let him, not caring about looking like a coward anymore. He didn't care about anything now anyway. He almost fell because of his professor's strength but only stumbled and managed to stay on his feet. As soon as Lupin took his place, Granger's corpse disappeared with a loud 'crack', immediately replaced with a small sphere, white and translucent, floating above his head. "Riddikulus," he said quietly with a flick of his wand. Then, the small sphere deflated like a balloon and went back flying into the wardrobe that Lupin had magically re-opened a second before. Draco had forgotten how to breathe and had to take a few deep gulps of air to be able to breathe calmly again and for his heart to recover a steady rhythm. All that had been unfolding during less than a minute had seemed like an eternity to him. He was standing still in front of the crowd of his classmates, trying hard to understand what had just happened. He could see dozens of eyes on him, staring at him as though he had sprouted a second head. Most of them seemed to be making fun of him, almost every single one actually. But there was someone who didn't look amused at all ; Granger had made her way to the front row of the crowd, pale as though she had seen the Bloody Baron. Her hands were shaking spasmodically, and she seemed unable to avert her gaze from the closed wardrobe in which the Boggart had disappeared. What was she thinking of? Probably the same thing as him: why was she - or precisely her corpse - Draco's Boggart? Why her and not someone else? Why not his father? It would have been less surprising if it had turned into Harry Potter ; but Granger's dead body… "I think we should stop here," said Lupin, who was facing his students as well, "You did a great job with this lesson. All of you." he glanced at Draco with a worried look but didn't add anything. "You may leave now." They didn't need telling twice; all the Gryffindors and the Slytherins gathered on the threshold, exiting the room two by two, shoulders against shoulders, the doorframe being too narrow to allow them more space to pass through it. Granger was the last to leave the room, while Draco remained on his spot, speechless and still wondering what was wrong with him. None of his mates had waited for him ; they had left as well, mingling with the sea of students flowing in and out of the classroom. Next to him, Lupin didn't move either and was now directly looking at him, not hiding his concern anymore. Draco had to admit that even if he despised this Professor and even if Potter was unquestionably his favourite, he was not as unfair as he appeared to be. "Is everything alright, Draco?" he asked quietly. Finally pulling himself together again, Draco nodded disdainfully, lifting his chin up and doing his best to glare at his Professor with authority. "Of course it is," he snapped before turning around and running out of the room. Once he was in the half-empty corridor, where only a few people were lingering, walking slowly with small steps and chatting eagerly, Draco glimpsed the shape of Granger's bushy hair in the distance. She was all alone and had her head low as though she was ashamed of something. Draco ran to cross the distance between them, not caring about everybody watching him again. "Granger!' he called, breathless, "Wait!" He saw her start and freeze. Her back suddenly stiffened and her head shot up. Her right hand tightened around the wood of her wand, and her knuckles went white immediately. When he reached her side, she turned around to face him. Anger and fear were fighting for dominance in her eyes. "What do you want Malfoy?" she spat. He hesitated. What did he want exactly? "I just … I just wanted you to know that I don't know what happened with the Boggart," he mumbled. "I believe it might be a mistake." He wasn't convincing even himself. "A Boggart is never mistaken, Malfoy," she said through her gritted teeth. "It can always read your mind to know what your greatest fear is." "I swear I didn't know it would turn into you!" he assured her honestly "It was unexpected and… bizarre. I still don't understand." For the first time he was completely honest with her ; there was no hidden threat or insult behind his words, and he wasn't even thinking about making fun of her. However, Granger didn't seem to realise it, obviously too accustomed to being bullied and mocked by the Slytherin. She was looking at him with aversion, her eyes filled with disgust and anger, glaring daggers at him. If looks could kill, he would have died immediately. "Like I would believe you, Malfoy," she hissed before turning around and walking away. This time, he didn't try to follow her and simply watched her disappear around the corner of the hallway. The sound of her steps on the stone floor was echoing through the corridor, in rhythm with the beating of his heart in his chest. A moment later, and even though she was long gone, he could still hear his father's threatening voice in his head: "Not even the tiniest drop. Not even the tiniest drop…"