a good friend, Pete." He couldn't stop the wide smile that spread across his face at that moment. He hoped James took it for one of camaraderie and not triumph before turning away and walking from the house with a new spring in his step. ~Line Break~ Peter could hardly contain his excitement. Though he managed to keep his face neutral, it leaked out of him in the beads of sweat that formed along his brow and in the rhythmic tapping of his fingers against the Potter's kitchen table. He was practically giddy, drunk with the taste of power and admiration and the respect and the fear of his fellows that lingered just above the reach of his tongue. He flicked his eyes in the direction of the short corridor between the kitchen and the sitting room, where the whispers of James' and Lily's voices carried somewhat in the tense air that occupied the house. Sirius also had his eyes trained on the young couple, his jaw locked and shoulders tense. Peter studied his friend from across the table for a moment. "Relax," he offered helpfully, "it's all going to be all right." Sirius barked incredulously before turning to look at Wormtail, and, for a second, Peter had worried he had angered him, which would throw the whole plan off. But, he then exhaled loudly and gave a half-smile before putting his feet on a different chair. Unable to contain his energy, Peter fidgeted with his teacup. "I'm just not sure…" Lily's voice was heard from the corridor, but James deeper timbre made his words indistinguishable to the audience in the kitchen. Then Lily exclaimed, "You don't really believe that Remus-" James shushed, but Lily's voice did not drop low enough to drown out the rest of the sentence. "That Remus is the spy! He's been our friend for so long!" Both Peter and Sirius leaned forward in their chairs, each one's face hungry for the response. Everything, everything that Wormtail had worked for for the past year depended on James' response to the question, and the answer seemed to take ages to come. "No," James replied with a heavy sigh. Peter's heart sunk. He shot Sirius a startled look, who looked as though he was resisting the urge to jump out of his seat and knock some sense into James. "Of course not," James continued speaking, the confidence of his voice wavering. "I mean, I don't think so, but…everything is confused these days. No one knows who is working for who, in the ministry, not anywhere." "But it's Remus, James!" Lily protested. "Not a ministry official!" "I know, I know, I know," James whispered, and it sounded to Peter as though he might have stepped closer to her. Perhaps he had clutched her hands in his, as Wormtail had seen him do a hundred times before, or maybe he was stroking her face, breaking down her resistance with a simple caress. Love worked wonders, and turned even the trickiest people into blithering idiots. "Look at it this way…no one will suspect that we chose Peter as Secret Keeper…and they won't go after him, or Sirius, or Remus…and everyone will be safe. I don't really believe it's Remus, but if we go with Sirius' plan and choose Peter then we will all be safer. Harry will be safer." Lily took in a deep breath, and let it out in a shivering halt. "You're right," she practically whispered, "you're right, but…but can't we at least tell Remus?" "No time, my love…there's no time." "Tonight then?" "Tonight." Peter couldn't hardly believe this reversal of luck. He'd thought his plan was ruined thanks to Lily's stubborn sense of loyalty and friendship, but now everything was in place. Images of being tortured and worse— killed— by the Dark Lord were now replaced with fantasies of triumphant jubilation and decoration that raced through his mind like one of those Muggle films. Lily and James emerged from the shadows of the corridor then, their hands clasped like a physical representation of their unified decision. Streaks of drying tears still lingered on Lily's face, but James' jaw was locked and his expression resolute as he nodded to Sirius. Padfoot brought his feet down from the table and stood, stretching. He smiled at Lily, who smiled weakly back. He walked over to the couple and clasped James by the shoulder. "This will work," he said, "I promise this will work." He directed his statement mostly to Lily as though he was trying to fill her gaping doubt with his own cool confidence. "No one will ever think of Peter," he added, extending an arm out to Wormtail, beckoning him to join the little circle that the three of them had created. In the past, Peter would have felt the slight much more than he did in that moment. Sirius' words would have stung deep back when all Wormtail wanted was respect and attention equal to that received by his friends—Sirius, the suave rebel; James, the Quidditch star; and Remus, clever and studious, a favorite amongst the Hogwarts professors. Oh, yes, Peter reflected as he stepped forward into the arms of his former friends. He had wanted the fawning girls, the cheering crowds, and the respect of his teachers. He had wanted that more than anything, but now he was promised something much better. He moved one foot after another into the embrace that was waiting for him and onto a path that would finally give him the power and respect he so desired. "Thanks, Mate," James said as he placed a firm grip on Wormtail's shoulder, "Thanks for taking this danger onto yourself." Lily leaned forward and pecked his cheek. "Thank you," she whispered, her voice still choked by the tears she was holding back. Sirius squeezed his other shoulder and smiled at him. "Don't worry," Peter replied, looking around at all of them. He did his best to mirror Sirius' confident tones. "This is the perfect plan."