come from that person, so much hatred and evil. Hermione felt Remus' grip tighten and he moved her to his side, placing his body in front of her. Within an instant, Voldemort was gone once more. Hermione couldn't understand why he'd gone so quickly and scanned the room. Witches and wizards began to fill the room and his reason for escape was obvious. Ministry workers were stood still, their mouths agape. They'd seen him. They had all seen Voldemort. "He was there!" shouted a scarlet-robed man with a ponytail, who was pointing at a pile of golden rubble on the other side of the hall. "I saw him, Mr. Fudge, I swear it was You-Know-Who, he disapparated!" "I know, Williamson, I know, I saw him too!" gibbered Fudge, who was wearing pajamas under his pinstriped cloak and was gasping as though he had just run miles. "Merlin's beard - here - here! - in the Ministry of Magic! - great heavens above - it doesn't seem possible - my word - how can this be - ?" "If you proceed to the Department of Mysteries, Cornelius," said Dumbledore, satisfied that Harry was indeed alright. The wizard made himself known as he walked towards a stunned and stuttering Fudge, "you will find several escaped Death Eaters contained in the Death Chamber, bound by an Anti-Disapparation Jinx and awaiting your decision as to what to do with them." "Dumbledore!" gasped Fudge, beside himself with amazement. "You - here - I - I – " He looked wildly around at the Aurors he had brought with him, and it could not have been clearer that he was in half a mind to cry, 'Seize him!' "Cornelius, I am ready to fight your men," contented Dumbledore authoritatively. "But a few minutes ago you saw proof, with your own eyes, that I have been telling the truth. Lord Voldemort has returned, you have been chasing the wrong man for twelve months, and it is time you listened to sense!" "I - don't - well -" blustered Fudge, looking around as though hoping somebody was going to tell him what to do. When nobody did, he said, "Very well - Dawlish! Williamson! Go down to the Department of Mysteries and see . . . Dumbledore, you - you will need to tell me exactly - the Fountain of Magical Brethren - what happened?" he added, whimpering, staring around at the floor, remains of statues lay scattered. Fudges gaze turned to Harry and Sirius, his eyes going the large at the sight of the famous escaped Black. "Seize him!" He cried out, pointing at Sirius. "We can discuss that after I have sent Harry back to Hogwarts," asserted Dumbledore. "If you want to hear the full story, you'll let Sirius return to Hogwarts with his godson, where he will remain until I've finished explaining the whole thing. After that, you can talk with him yourself. You owe me time to explain, after doubting Harry and myself for so many months." Fudge looked conflicted, but the sight of Voldemort had clearly shaken him. Dumbledore walked to the place where a golden wizard's head lay on the floor. He pointed his wand at it and muttered, 'Portus.' The head glowed blue and trembled noisily against the wooden floor for a few seconds, then became still once more. "Now see here, Dumbledore!" said Fudge, as Dumbledore picked up the head and walked back to Harry carrying it. "You haven't got authorisation for that Portkey! You can't do things like that right in front of the Minister for Magic, you - you – " His voice faltered as Dumbledore surveyed him magisterially over his half-moon spectacles. "You will give the order to remove Dolores Umbridge from Hogwarts," said Dumbledore. "You will tell your Aurors to stop searching for my Care of Magical Creatures teacher so that he can return to work. I will give you . . ." Dumbledore pulled a twelve handed watch from his pocket and surveyed it. . . half an hour of my time tonight, in which I think we shall be more than able to cover the important points of what has happened here. After that, I shall need to return to my school. I need to speak with the Weasley family; they will need my utmost attention tonight. If you need more help from me, you are, of course, more than welcome to contact me at Hogwarts. Letters addressed to the Headmaster will find me." Fudge goggled worse than ever; his mouth was open, and his round face grew pinker under his rumpled grey hair. "I - you – " Dumbledore turned his back on him. "Take this Portkey, Harry. Go with Sirius; I'll meet you there shortly. The Weasley family will be informed. I'll see you all soon." Dumbledore turned his gaze to Remus and the older man nodded in his direction. There were no words passed between them, but Hermione knew what the Headmaster had requested in the gesture. Remus was to take care of Hermione. Dumbledore held out the golden head of the statue, Sirius, and Harry both placed a hand on it, and in a flash, they disappeared. "Come on," Remus murmured. "We'll get you and Ginny to the castle. The Weasleys will be with you soon." Tonks appeared a few moments later, Ginny still sobbing into her side. Together, the four of them trudged their way back to the castle, feet dragging and grief hanging heavy in the air. There was nothing to say; there were no words to describe the images burned into their memories. Note : Lucius hasn't been arrested just yet like the canon storyline, it will happen later. Things will go rather Au from here, but I will be using some canon timeline events. Let me know what you think! So nervous/excited to finally have this posted! Hope you all have a wonderful Christmas! Thanks for reading! Merry Christmas! :) Please let me know your thoughts!