wrong, you always go all out to make it up to me. So what have you done?" He narrowed his own eyes and thought that maybe throwing the ring at her and shouting, 'I want you to marry me, you stupid witch!' might end up being a more fitting proposal. Instead, he stuck his chin up in the air, raised a superior eyebrow, and shrugged. "I haven't been 'up to anything'. Couldn't I just want to spoil you?" "I don't need to be spoiled, Draco." She reached her hand across the table and set her hand on his free one that was clutching itself so tight his knuckles were turning white. "I'm happy just the way we are, aren't you? With Scorpius, and our home, and the way we live. Isn't that enough?" The corners of his lips turned upwards as he glanced down at her hand. "And what if I wanted more?" "More?" She asked, clearly missing the point. For the brightest witch of their generation, she sure could be thick sometimes. "Yes." He rubbed at her left hand with his thumb, brushing up against her ring finger, hoping she might take the hint. "What if what we have isn't good enough anymore? What if I wanted-" He was going to say the word forever , but it never came to being, because his sentence was interrupted by a four eyed git with unmanageable black hair. "There you two are." Hermione, startled, slipped her hand out of Draco's and glanced over to the side. Standing, still in his work robes, was Harry fucking Potter. "Potter," Draco growled. "You have seriously got to be the worst cock block in European History." He crossed his arms as he let the ring box slip back down into his pocket. "Possibly the world." "Look, I know I'm intruding on your time," Potter began, pushing up his glasses onto his nose in a business like way. "But I really need you to come with me." "Alright, Harry." Hermione had no qualms about bowing out on their expensive, thought-filled evening. But Potter stuck his hand up to stop her. "Not you, Hermione. Malfoy." Potter's green eyes flitted over to Draco, full of concern. "What's this all about?" Draco asked, feeling his patience wane. "I specifically requested this evening off to be rid of you, not to-" "-I know, Malfoy. I know." Potter threw his hands up, moving out of the way for a passing server. "Look," his voice ducked quieter. "I wouldn't come to you if this wasn't of the utmost importance. I have a feeling this night is pretty special to you." All Draco could manage out in return was a harrumph . "What's going on, Harry?" asked Hermione. "This concerns Draco… and… his father." That peaked Draco's attention. "My Father? What in the bloody hell does he have to do with anything?" Potter swallowed a hard lump in his throat. "Maybe we should step outside." "No. You're going to tell me. Right here." He pressed his finger to the table. "Right now." "Alright, Malfoy. Fine." Harry sighed, letting his shoulders slump momentarily before he straightened himself up again and put on his Head Of The Auror Division stare. "Your father's been admitted to St. Mungo's." "He what?" Hermione gasped. Draco sat silently, tainted with a hollow sensation that he should feel something for his Father. Potter continued. "Someone tried to have him killed at his residency in Prague." Draco sat quietly for a time. "And?" "And we can't get a testimony. Your parents won't talk to anyone from the Division. They'll only speak to you." The three of them basked in the background sounds of forks clinking and plates tinkering until Hermione broke the silence. "We'll go." " What ?" Draco croaked out. "Draco Lucius Malfoy. That's your name, isn't it?" Hermione squared up his glare with her own. "No matter how you look at it, you'll never be able to be rid of him. Not really. And I'm not saying he should ever be forgiven for his crimes. Because, frankly, he should be locked up for life-" "We've been over this, Hermione," said Potter. "He's been exonerated for all of his crimes previous to the Battle of Hogwarts. Otherwise he would be in Azkaban-" "-But the point is," Hermione interrupted, "is that you have to face him eventually. Enough is enough. This could be cathartic. This could be your opportunity to stand up for yourself and be rid of him for good. You're going, Draco. And I'm going with you." Harry winced, ready for her crushing glare. "Actually, Hermione, when I said that they won't see anyone at the department, you're included in that." "Fine." She sat her napkin on the table. "But I'm going to go anyways." "Hermione-" Both Draco and Harry started at once, but she cut them off with a contemptible glower that shut them both up. "When do we leave?" "Um… immediately…" "Alright. Draco, get the check, will you?" Hermione stood, determination etched in her brow. She slipped her purse over her shoulder, strolled over to Draco's side and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "I'll see you outside. Come on, Harry." Draco watched as Hermione dragged Potter out by the arm quickly, excusing herself as she pressed through a group of confused waiters and waitresses. Draco slumped back down in his chair, glaring at the unfinished eclairs. With a heavy sigh, he plucked the ring box out from his pockets and sat it on the table to strum his fingers atop of it. "Ehem…" came the timid voice of his waitress from behind him. "Shall I fetch the check, sir?" He nodded dully, still staring at the box. Well, this was certainly a bludger out of left field. Oh well… if there was one thing Draco Malfoy was good at, it was playing the game. He tucked the box back into his pocket and awaited the check. This was going to be an interesting evening indeed.