"It wouldn't have made a difference." She cleared her throat, and Harry lifted his gaze, meeting hers. "I...I would have left, either way." "Why?" "Because, while you took your career seriously, you forgot about mine." She took a dangerous step forward, and Harry became rooted to the spot like a child caught with his hand in the cookie jar. "You were so busy with your own life, you didn't come to a single one my lectures." "I…" Harry frowned. "That can't be right...what about the-" He cut himself off; he couldn't recall a single event he'd gone to. Guilt flooded his chest. " Damn it. " He rubbed his cheeks and fought to recall one time he'd done something to celebrate her advancements. "I was working so much…" "And I don't blame you for that, Harry." Hermione shortened the distance between them and placed a hand on his shoulder. "But I had to take care of myself. I'm not the kind of person to wait for someone to come home. I have my own goals, my own values to think about." "I'm no better than Ron was." Harry chewed on the inside of his cheek, mulling over what to do next. What could he say that would rectify the situation? Nothing, he realized. "You could have told me how you were feeling." "I didn't want to distract you from your career," she admitted. "And I tried talking to you, Harry. You just were too wrapped up in your own businesses to notice I had one foot out the door for so long. I thought you knew what you were doing. " "It's obvious I didn't, did I? I should have stayed that night. - Hermione, I was going to propose to you." His hand reached to his pockets as if the ring might still be there instead of his dresser drawer at home, where he always kept it. "...You were what?" Their eyes met again, and Harry spilled the beans. "All of those extra hours at the Ministry, all of the time spent away from home - it was because I was saving up for a ring. And then, when I got it… I guess...I became addicted to it. The job." Hermione frowned, soaking in his words. "I know." "I'd take it all back if I could. You have to know I wouldn't have hurt you on purpose-" "Don't do that." "Do what?" he muttered, defeated. "Brood. It's what you do; you're Harry, after all." "Yeah, well, since you left, that's all I've done." He attempted a half smile, adding, "That and wank off." Hermione rolled her eyes, though she did let a smile slip as well. "And there's the sarcasm to mask your feelings. You're quite good at it." "Not like it did us any good." He closed his eyes, afraid to walk out the door and afraid to say anything else that might tear down what little bit of love was still left between them. He wanted to stay in this moment as long as he could before reality scratched its way back to the surface. "Why did you invite me here, Hermione?" "I don't understand." "Why invite me here? You could have asked any other Auror to come. Hell, Neville was an Auror before he became an Herbology Professor. So why me?" "I don't know." "Was it just to rub my stupidity in?" A hand touched his face - hers . And it was Heaven. His eyes pried back open to find her face inches from his, pensive. "No, Harry. Believe it or not, I'm not sadistic." Her fingers stroked down his cheek as her eyes drifted down to his lips. "It's difficult to stay mad at you, you know. You're like a wounded puppy." "Well, I did just have my arse handed to me by a beautiful professor." "Beautiful?" "Some would say stunning." She quirked an eyebrow. "Would they?" Harry leaned closer, tilting his head ever so slightly. His body automatically reacted to the old banter they used to play, and he took a chance, reaching his hand up hesitantly to cup her cheek. "Truth be told, Professor, I'd take a hundred arse kickings if it meant getting sent to your office." Just before Hermione could roll her eyes, Harry dipped his head forward and crashed his lips into hers. At first she stiffened, afraid to give in, but all it took was Harry bundling her into his arms and stroking his fingers down her spine to cause her to melt against him. Hands trembled as they reached for buttons. Legs went out from under when they stumbled into the sofa. Harry's heart was racing, and he had no doubt Hermione knew why this time. Two years of pent up emotions exploded like fizzy pumpkin juice bottled and shaken, coaxing them in sticky, messy feelings. But Harry knew that when she kissed him back, she felt it too. The love between them couldn't be swept away, no matter how hard either of them tried. Harry locked the door with a wave of his hand. He didn't want to be disturbed; he had two years of making up to do, after all. Sighs turned into gasps. Gasps turned into moans. There wasn't a shred of furniture safe from them. By the time they were through, the floor was dripping in black ink, books were ripped from the shelves, and the sofa was against the wall. But there was a very satisfied Hermione curled up on it against Harry's side. "I love you," she whispered, nuzzling her face into his chest. Harry couldn't wipe the grin off his face if he tried. "I love you, too, Hermione…I mean, Professor. " To his delight, Hermione giggled in reply. "Excuse you, Sir. You're far too old to be a student." "There's no need to call me Sir , Professor," he smirked. "I rather liked it when you screamed 'Harry' instead." Please feel free to leave your thoughts. With love, A.