her hand. "Spin the bottle." Potter chuckled. "Oh man, that brings back memories, doesn't it?" "Excuse me," Pansy threw up a hand, "What is 'spin the bottle'?" "You've never played?" "No. Obviously." "It's a muggle game," Hermione explained, "Everyone sits in the middle of the floor and you spin a bottle in the center of the circle. Whoever spins and whoever the bottle lands on… well, it gets a bit hazy, doesn't it?" "Hazy?" Piped in Theo. "Well, some people play to kiss… others go in closets and…" A brilliant shade of magenta flourished over her cheeks. "It's silly, really." "Hardly silly," said Blaise, exchanging glances with his Slytherin brethren. When his eyes fell on the platinum-blond, Draco had a moment of panic, and his mouth fell open in a dramatic, yet comical ' no! ' -"I'm game if everyone else is." No. "How does it work, Granger?" NO. "Oh, um…" She blushed further, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear as she stepped forward, the flask still clutched between her slender fingers. "Well, we'd need everyone in the center of the room." Blaise whipped his head around to the room. "Well? Come on. The lady says the center of the room -get to it." Draco cleared his throat, nervously approaching the circle of adults as they stood around his father's expensive rug and formed a ring. Somehow, she ended up on the opposite side of him, perfectly in his view and unable to escape it. Damn. "And then everyone takes a seat, yes?" Pansy chirped. When Draco shot her a colorful glare, she merely shrugged and bunched up the skirting of her dress before taking a seat and beckoning everyone else to follow suit. "This reminds me of that other game… what's it called? Seven minutes in heaven?" Padma snapped her fingers in excitement. "Oh, let's combine the games, if we're playing!" "Wait," Potter put a hand up, "I -well, no offence, but I'm not really keen on locking lips with any of you." He glanced over to Hermione. "No offence, Mione." "None taken, Harry." She smiled shyly. Draco couldn't help but snigger, "Oh. Look at that. Potter's actually afraid of something." "Am not." Potter narrowed his eyes. "Just… what if I land on a bloke or something. You want to be stuck in a closet with me for seven minutes, Malfoy?" Quirking an eyebrow, Draco smirked and replied, "You wish you could spend seven minutes in a closet with me. Might learn a thing or two, Potter." "I've never known Gryffindors to shy away from a challenge," Blaise was quick to respond, trying to break up the fight, already eyeing Luna with feverish intent. There was no doubt in Draco's mind why he wanted to play the game. "Why don't we make it interesting, then?" "Interesting? How?" asked Weasley. "We'll spell the bottle to only land on the opposite sex of the spinner. Sound fair? Nobody says you have to do it, Weasley. But for those of us who are unafraid of a little face to face time…" He eyed Padma over and pretended to feign interest. "I'm sure some of us would be glad to take these beautiful ladies off your hands." "Fuck it." Ron thrust his hand out. "Gimme the damn bottle." "Haha," Pansy giggled, "Let's make it even more interesting." "Oh no…" Draco grumbled. He noticed the way Granger's eyes danced over his direction, but he set his eyes to the floor, determined not to look her in the face. Merlin, he felt seventeen all over again. Only instead of playing Eros and Psyche, he was stuck playing a muggle version of could-be-paired-up-with-potential-disaster. Opting out now, however, would brand him a coward. He'd done enough cowardly things to sate his lifetime. So, Draco closed his eyes and waited for Pansy to continue her suggestion. "Oh yes." The Slytherin witch clapped her hands together excitedly. "While everyone else waits outside for the 'couple in question' to finish, we should play truth or dare!" "How old are you? Five?" asked Draco. Pansy stuck out her tongue. "If you're not up for a challenge…" Pah. "Don't flatter yourself, Pansy, into thinking any of this is 'challenging'. A bit juvenile…" "So it's settled then." Blaise reached out and grabbed the bottle, turning it in a quick spin. "So it just spins like this, yeah? And then…" He stopped it mid move, landing it on Luna. "It lands on your partner…" He gave a flirtatious wink as he stood up and offered out his hand to the blonde witch. "Something like this, yeah?" "Hey, wait a moment…" Theo muttered. "Yes," Luna smiled happily, extending her hand so that the wizard could pull her to her feet. "Now… a closet… oh. This one here?" "The game hasn't even started yet," said Theo, a bit louder. His mouth went slack as Blaise dragged Loony off in the direction of a single door at the West end of the room. "Oy! I thought you were showing us an example!" "That's my father's potion closet!" Draco shouted, but it was too late -Blaise had tugged Loony in and shut the door behind him. "Someone put a bloody timer on. You're never going to convince him to come out of there otherwise." Theo crossed his arms, thoroughly miffed. It was Hermione to flick her wand, drawing a countdown clock in red, wispy smoke. With a snap of her fingers, the 7:00 flicked down to 6:59, counting down the seconds until they would, no doubt, need to pry Blaise off of Loony Lovegood. Fuck, could this night get any worse? "Right. So, truth or dare, yes?" Ugh. Of course it could. There's obviously a history here between our two main characters. But what is it!? Find out next chapter! Also, look forward to some much deserved smut. XD Please leave a review with your thoughts? It would mean the world to me, as well as a follow or a favorite! XD Until next time. ~A.