his hand between them and rested his fingers along the nub of her clit, rendering her still. "You're practically dripping. And I haven't even touched you, yet. Do you want me to touch you, Hermione ?" It was the first time in her adult life that she'd heard him utter her given name and the way he purred it sent a shiver up her spine. All of her resolve to hold back crumbled, and she nodded her head, desperately. Yes. Yes, she did want him to touch her. "You do?" he chuckled, tapping his index finger along her clit. "Are you sure?" 'Yes!' Hermione groaned, but it came out as a muffled, "Ess!" instead. "Positive?" Her head bobbed up and down, and she wiggled her hips for more contact. Malfoy, much to her dismay, removed his hand from her and hoisted her back upright on the lounge to sit on her haunches. His face was a shade pinker than it had been before, and there was a bulge in the front of his trousers. Slowly, he reached up, untied the gag, and, without warning, pulled her lips down to his. Hermione gasped into the warmth of his mouth, finding it softer and less intimidating than she would have imagined. His kiss was firm and yet gentle, like fire and ice resting in the same set of powerful lips. His fingers stroked down the sides of her face as his tongue licked against her lower lip. Eventually, Hermione gave in, and his tongue met hers in a dazzling display of ownership and submission. She tried to fight back, but the soft caress of his tongue as it brushed against hers set a fire in her belly, convincing her to concede. She gave a low, sensual moan as he pulled his tongue back to his own mouth and caught her upper lip between his teeth. He doctored it with a swipe of his tongue, then moving on to her lower lip to bite down before he bestowed the same, gentle lick to that one as well. He withdrew his face from hers, reached around, slipped the gloves off of her hands, and caught her as she fell forward from loss of balance. Her head rested in the crook of his neck once again tonight, and she inhaled the scent of sandalwood and fresh soap. "Next Friday," he whispered in her ear, "Come back. Find me. Can you do that, princess?" Hermione nodded slowly, the frustration between her legs built up to an uncomfortable level. She wanted -no, needed release. She needed it so urgently. "Good. One condition, though. If you touch yourself between now and then, this ends." "I…" She found her voice again, pulling her hands up to his shoulders and pushing herself off of him to look him in the eyes. "What… why?" "I don't need to give you a reason." He rose to stand and pulled her up with him. Hermione staggered to her feet, and Malfoy kissed her atop the forehead. "So, next Friday?" She nodded meekly. "What a good pet." He released her from his hold and strode across the room to the door. "Come now, Granger. I'm not going to leave you in here all by your lonesome. Blaise might try to slip in." Hermione blinked once, taking in his words. Then she, discretely, fixed her underwear and followed him out the door. The common room was far less crowded -how long had they been stowed away? Malfoy slipped his mask back on his face and gave her a wink just as Luna emerged from another rune-marked door. Her hair was a tangled mess, and she carried her shoes in her hands. "Hermione?" She broke out into a devilish smile. "Oh, my word! I knew you'd find someone to-" Her eyes caught sight of the man next to her friend, and, much to Hermione's astonishment, she nodded once and said, "Well, isn't that interesting?" Malfoy cast her an expression Hermione couldn't quite read -it almost looked embarrassed, but she couldn't be sure. "I've got to go," he said, turning his attention to Hermione. "Remember what I said." He nodded to her once before exiting through the red door, no doubt on his way back down to find his wife. Luna giggled, uncontrollably, into her hand. "Look at you, Miss Granger!" "Luna, you can't tell anyone." "Well, of course, I'm not going to tell," her friend told her, hurt flashing across her face. "What happens at Bond, stays at Bond. I'm just impressed, is all." "Impressed? Did you see who I was with?" "Yes, I did." "Aren't you appalled… or shocked… or… something else besides 'impressed'?" Luna laughed again, throwing an arm around Hermione's shoulder. "I'm going to let you figure this one out on your own. I'm sure he'll tell you in time." "Tell me?" Hermione asked as her friend led her towards the exit. "Tell me what? Luna, you can't leave the conversation on that note." "I can, and I will." Luna grinned from ear to ear. "But I tell you what. Let's go back to my place, and I'll make us a nice cup of tea and you can tell me all about it." "I thought what happens at Bond, stays at Bond." "Oh, it does." Luna winked. "I was only testing you." Hermione was led out of the club by her friend, and when they arrived at the Apparition spot, she glanced back at the black bricked building, pensive. What had Luna meant back there? What did she know about Malfoy? Would she really return next week? She shook her head and focused. She could think about these things when she arrived back home, safe under the covers of her bed. There, she could ponder on the events of this evening, and why she allowed Draco Malfoy to touch her in ways that she only read about in romance novels. "By the way, Luna, I'm pretty sure your horrible girlfriend spiked my drink…"