let you go if you join me, Midnight." She took a deep breath and said, "O-okay. I will join you." Voldemort clap his hands and laugh an evil laugh. "Great! Now, I need you gave you the mark because you will be my right-hand woman" he said pulling his wand out of his robes. "Go on your left knee and hold out your left arm out, my dear" he said. She got on her knee and held out her arm. Voldemort moved the sleeve and put his want on her skin and put his mark on her and she hiss in pain while she was looking at the ground. "Go. Now, don't tell anyone about this or I will have to kill you" he said forcing Midnight to look at him. "Yes, m-my l-lord." He smirk down at her. +SB+ Everyone was in the Great Hall when the doors slammed open and a girl fell onto the ground. She looked up and it was Midnight Potter. James and his mother were the first ones up running to her. James and his mother pulled Midnight into a hug and they cried happily knowing that she was alright now and away from Voldemort. Dumbledore walked up to them and told the students to eat again. He brought Midnight, James, and their mother up to his office. He put a spell on the office to make sure that no one is listening to them talk. "How are you feeling, Miss. Potter?" Midnight looked at James and her mother then looked back at Dumbledore. "Sir. Can I talk to you alone?" "What?! No! Midnight, I want to know what that bastard did to you!" "Mr. Potter. Please calm down. I do not think she wants you or your mother to know yet. Mrs. Potter, please leave and take your son with son with you and I will talk to your later." She nodded her head yes and left pulling James with her. When they were gone, the spell was still up. Dumbledore waited for Midnight to be ready to tell him. She looked down at her arms and looked back up at Dumbledore. "Sir. Voldemort..." she started to cry. She shook her head and pulled her left sleeve up and showed Dumbledore the mark. His eyes widen. "He force me, sir. I didn't want to. Please help me" she cried to him. He walked up to her and sat down on the chair next to her and said, "Miss. Potter. I am sorry for him to do this to you. You are a strong and smart witch. You know how to block him from your mind." She looked at him confuse and asked, "What are you trying to get to, sir?" "I know you are fifteen years old but I want you to be my spy. I want to know everything that goes on in the meetings that he will have. Can you do that for me?" "B-but it's dangerous, sir." "Yes if he finds out. Midnight, I need your help with this. Please help me. Do not tell anyone. This is just for me and you to know" he replied. "What if James finds out about the mark?" Dumbledore nodded his head and said, "Okay. You can tell Mr. Potter. Also Mr. Lupin and Mr. Black if you want." She nodded her head. +SB+ "What?!" James was pacing the boys' dorm with Sirius, Remus, and Midnight in there. A spell was up making sure no one was listening to them. Peter was not there because he was with Dumbledore. "You cannot do that, Lune! You will get hurt!" "Jimmy, don't you know that I know that! Yes, I have the mark on my arm but I am spying for Dumbledore! What if I didn't tell you? What would you have done if you saw it?" James stopped and looked at her and saw that she was crying. He sighed and rubbed his face and said, "I would have curse you because of it. I am glad that you told me about the mark and him forcing the mark on you and you becoming a spy for the light side. What did Voldemort say when he put the mark on?" "He said that I was his right-hand woman. I will have to go to every meeting he has and give the information to Dumbledore. I never wanted the mark, Jimmy" she said crying to the end. James pulled her into a hug and let her cry on his chest while he rub her back. "I am here for you, sis. I will never leave you" he said in her ear. Sirius stood up and said, "I am here for you too, Lure. Midnight looked at him and saw how hot he looked. She smiled at him and pulled away from James and said to Sirius, "I am sorry for the way I treat you, Sirius. If you still like, I would like to know more about you." Sirius' heart skip a beat and he blushed and rubbed the back of his neck and said, "Sure. I would like to know about you." Midnight looked at Remus and said, "You too, Remus. I would like to know about you." "Um..." James put his arm around Midnight's shoulder and said, "Remus, Lune is great. She is very smart. Even smart than Lily-flower. You know she has been trying to find a potion for the cure to lycanthropy." Remus looked at her and asked, "Really?" She blushed and Sirius glared angrily at Remus. James notice this. "Yes. I've been trying so hard because I had a best friend when I was homeschooled and she was a werewolf but she died. That's when I knew that I had to find a cure for lycanthropy" she replied. James nodded his head and said, "We should get to bed." Midnight nodded her head and left the boys' dorm room and went to the girls' dorm room and went to bed.