I suppose the timid ones are always full of surprises." The hairs on the back of Hermione's neck hackled, and she turned on her toes, swinging her briefcase in tow to stomp back to him, leaving only inches of space. "Alright, Professor Malfoy. If you're so intelligent, what, pray tell, should a student do if she finds herself in a classroom in the middle of the day and she starts her menstrual cycle? Care to share with the classroom?" Malfoy's face blanched, his eyebrows quirking up in a mixture of horror and confusion. "Oh? Don't have an answer? Alright, let's try again. What should a young man do if he finds himself without the ability to brew a contraceptive potion and is in the company of a young lady he plans to have intercourse with? And in that case, would you care to explain a condom and how it works?" "I-I…" Malfoy backed away, red tinting his cheeks. With satisfaction, Hermione stepped closer. She knew Malfoy was no prude -the rumors back in their sixth year confirmed that he enjoyed a sexual romp as much as any other sexually charged sixteen year old, but she knew he had been raised by the old ways. The pureblood ways, where discussing sex in a chat was not done unless it was with the person you planned to be intimate with. She knew that in this moment, she had him cornered by a discussion that would make him squirm, and it thrilled her. She could silently feel the justice for all of those years of taunting her, Ron, and Harry coming to fruition. "Is that too complicated? I'll give you one more chance. Give me the definition of an ovary and its purpose." With a scowl, Draco Malfoy pursed his lips and crossed his arms. "Are you quite through?" "Hardly." She wore her victorious smile well as she mirrored him and crossed her arms as well. "And you didn't answer the question." "That's because I don't need to prove myself to you." "Or perhaps it's because you cannot." "Look. I simply came here to tell you that if I catch my students reading your dirty textbooks in my class again, I will give them all detention. So perhaps you should think about finding a new way to teach children about their bodies appropriately." Hermione laughed shrilly. "My curriculum is appropriate. The only one that doesn't see it that way is you. Funny, I never took you for much of a prude." His eyes narrowed, and he took a step closer. "I assure you, Granger. I'm no prude." "I beg to differ," she said, jutting out her chin and standing her ground. "The only other person I've ever seen get so flustered by my lessons is Ron. And believe me, he was quite a prude." His mouth fell open, and his eyebrows shot up. "How dare you compare me to Weasley?" "Well, what else am I supposed to do when you react the same way?" She shrugged in show. "You seem to think your old ways are the only ways, but I guarantee you they are outdated. It's probably why you haven't found yourself a wife," she nudged down to his ring barren left hand, "on account of not understanding her… sexual needs in the bedroom." He snorted, glancing down at her hand. "You're one to judge. I don't see a ring on your finger either." Malfoy picked at an invisible speck of dirt at his robes and uncrossed his arms. "Alright, Professor ." He seethed the word, as if he most certainly didn't believe she deserved the title. "Let's make a wager then, shall we?" Hermione's heart jumped. The way he was smirking would have made anyone's leap out of their chest; it was full of deviance and cunning intentions. She tucked a bit of hair behind her ear and cleared her throat. "Alright. What sort of a wager?" He chuckled, low and deep from the back of his throat. "Let's let the students decide who is the better teacher." She felt the balloon in her chest deflate. "And how do you expect to do that?" "You continue this… circus performance you call a curriculum. Teach them about your silly 'condons' and 'ovaries'-" "Condoms." She corrected him. "Yes, yes. All that. And I'll teach them the 'old ways' as you call it. We'll test it out on the older students -the fourth years and up. And by the end of it, we quiz them on which information they retained. I guarantee you, they'll retain the magic a lot more than the whole muggle bit you think is so important." It was Hermione's turn to laugh. "Oh, please. I'd mop the floor with your curriculum. Not everything about the human body can be validated with a potion." He rolled his eyes. "Well, I suppose if you're too afraid…" "I am not afraid." She looked him once over and inhaled. "What does the winner receive?" "What are you willing to lose?" He smirked, shrugging. "I dunno. How about whomever wins at the end must grade the other's papers for a month?" Hermione grinned. "I rather like that idea. It would be so fun to watch you grade papers on a woman's menstrual cycle." The red tint flushed up his cheeks once again, but he ignored it and jutted his hand out to her. "So we have a deal, then?" She glanced down at his hand, and back up to his silver flecked eyes. Against her better judgement, she grabbed it and shook. "Very well. Deal." Hope you enjoyed this first chapter! This is going to be a comedic bit. There will be lemons (in time.) Please let me know what you thought! Special thanks to LightofEvolution for the plot idea! *hearts* Please make sure to follow for chapter updates! A. If you like this work, please check out my completed stories (which are a tad different) called "Drinking Buddies" and "How To Train Your Auror."