can feel her body heat pulsing off her in waves. "You infuriating witch, it's you ." She blinks at him. "What?" "It's you I've been trying to…" He clamps his mouth shut, eyes wide from his confession. "Fuck it." He dips his head forward and presses his lips to hers. Immediately, he can taste the butterbeer and smell her perfume; it's intoxicating, mucking up his already dulled senses. His hands pry off of the door and cup her face, thumbs brushing along the delicate skin in sensual circles. He feels her gasp against his mouth, but he doesn't relent. He's determined to get her to see how much she means to him. He nips at her lower lip, capturing it between his teeth, teasing her in new ways. Finally, she releases a small, quivering moan just before she pushes her lips against his and kisses him back. Draco is on cloud nine hundred and ninety-nine as he slips his fingers up and into her hairline, sensually grasping at the curls he's longed to run his fingers through for nearly a year now. Fuck yes, this is it. The thing he's been missing. Eventually, he slows the kiss down, pulling away to touch his nose to hers. Her eyes are still closed as she whispers, "Wow." Draco takes a step back, giving her room to process and breathe. His heart slams away in his chest while he waits for her reaction. Hermione, cheeks red and lips swollen from the kissing, looks down to the vial of sobering draught in her hand, pops open the top, and downs it at once. She waits a few moments for the effects to take hold before she clears her throat. "I...um...I'll see you back in the dorms, yes?" It isn't the reaction he's expecting. He watches as she escapes through the front door without so much as a goodbye. By the time Draco makes it back to the dorms, he's been approached by a slew of students asking him what had happened between him and Hermione. Idiotically, he had kissed her in front of a quarter of his graduating class. His nerves are shot as he strolls through the portrait, sobering draught sloshing around in his stomach. Hermione is nowhere to be seen, which can only mean she's in her room. Draco slips off his shoe, irritated, and tosses it up the staircase, hitting her door. A moment later, the door rattles, and Hermione opens the door just enough to peer down the stairs at him. "What the Hell, Granger?" he snaps immediately. That seems to get her attention, and she swings the door wide open now, glaring down at him. "Really, Malfoy? That's what you have to say?" "Well...yeah!" He tosses his hands up in the air, exasperated. "You're a real piece of work, you know." Draco narrows his eyes. "So you didn't enjoy the kiss?" "Of course I did!" "Then what's the bloody problem?" "The problem is you tricked me, you...you... Slytherin , you!" She steps out of her room, slams the door behind her, and begins her descent down the staircase, each step punctuating her next words. "I thought I was helping you win over some other witch this entire time! Here I've been frustrated, crying myself to sleep and for what? For what ?" She stops at the last step, but Draco towers over her, anyway. "Why would you be crying?" he asks, offering her jacket out to her - the one she left at the party. Hermione snatches it up and tosses it behind her, up the staircase, her eyes never leaving his. Suddenly, Draco feels very small. "Now who's the daft one, you dolt?" she asks right before grabbing him up by the scruff of his collar and crashing their lips together. Draco's eyes go wide, and his body limp, and he melts against her, slipping his hands around her waist to grasp her hips possessively. This time, her tongue finds its way inside his mouth, coaxing him to scoop her up by the arse he's been fantasizing about - it's supple, fitting perfectly in his hands as she wraps her legs around his waist and arms around his neck. Before either one knows what's hit them, Draco's fumbling to the sofa, Hermione in tow. He sits down with her in his lap, and she is real. This is real. His brain can barely comprehend it before she's reaching for the bottom of his shirt between heated kisses. Draco stiffens, and his kissing stops. He grabs her hands and stills them. Hermione frowns. "Don't," he says, thinking of his Dark Mark scarred on his arm. His eyes trail down to it and give him away, and Hermione follows his gaze, realizing. "Is this why you wouldn't…" she starts, reaching for his arm. Draco tries to jerk away, but she rolls up his sleeve quickly, causing him to freeze on the spot. "Oh." Hermione takes in the sight of his raised, discolored skin. Her fingers scatter over the site. "I know," he mumbles, defeated. "I get it." "Get what?" "It's too much. Me. This." "Draco…have you been avoiding asking me out because of this ?" She gestures to the scarred mark on his arm. "I...it's a possibility." "Do you really think I'm that shallow?" Her eyes are gentle, calming his center. He shakes his head and tucks her hair behind her ear. "On the contrary. I find you far more intelligent than to-" But he's stopped talking because she's kissing him again, and the world is spinning, and everything is right. "My laugh lights up a room, does it?" she smirks down at him before claiming his mouth again. Between kisses, Draco manages, "Technically, I said it was your smile…" They have two weeks to figure out what this snog on the sofa means, but for now, Draco takes it as a win. All of this wasted time, he thinks, and I could have been kissing her all along. ~*~FIN~*~