read from their books. Greg, who has watched their whole exchange from across the library with curiosity, didn't miss the pair sneaking glances at the other as they continued to read in silence for the next twenty minutes. He schooled face to hide his smile, knowing that, if Draco caught him, he would suddenly feel the need to be more careful and hide his behaviour. Which was the last thing Greg wanted. Hermione checked her watch briefly only to be shocked that it was nearing midnight, she had been so engrossed in the book. And for the first time, in a long time, she hadn't been interrupted with whines to leave early by the other people with her in the library. "Do you realise how late it is?" she asked, stifling a yawn. Draco looked up from his book, marking his place. "Probably near midnight. Would you like us to escort you back to Gryffindor tower?" Hermione shook her head, "I don't need an escort . I know my way through the castle." Draco raised his eyebrow, "Oh Granger, I know that. We only want to make sure you don't run into anyone that would upset you again." "Oh." Her voice dropped, suddenly understanding. The threesome made quick work of putting the books back on the shelves, and as the last to leave the library extinguished most of the candles around the large room. Greg moved to walk behind the pair, who chatted comfortably about the renovations to the castle. "I can't believe you were able to get Madam Pince to have armchairs in the library. When I first saw them I thought I died and gone to heaven," Hermione said, recalling the happiness of comfortable chairs in her favourite library. "Well, when you foot the bill, they can't really argue?" Draco mused, realising that for some odd reason, he was pleased that she was happy with the changes. "You paid for the renovations of the library?" Hermione asked, stopping in her tracks, flabbergasted. She knew there were parts of Draco Malfoy's sentence that had been kept from the press, but paying for renovations of the library, that was just, well, so... kind of him. Draco shook his head, "No, I didn't pay for the renovations of the library. I paid for the renovations of the whole castle. It was part of my sentence and the part that the Wizengamot couldn't argue with. They were scrambling to figure out where the money would come from to fix the castle, and, unlike any other family in Wizarding Britain, with my father now perfectly ensconced behind bars, I had complete control over one of the wealthiest vaults there is. The Malfoy family, specifically my mother and I, paid for everything." Hermione had stopped breathing. The figures for the cost of the Hogwart's renovations had been released before the start of term, and everyone had wondered how they could afford the fixes to the ancient castle. She felt a sudden and very odd desire to hug him, and thank him for fixing the place she felt most at home. Ignoring the sudden urge to touch Draco Malfoy, she settled for a whispered, "Thank you," before they continued on their way. They had just gone up the last flight of stairs to Gryffindor Tower when giggling, moaning, and grunting reached their ears from their right. Hermione turned and began walking toward the sounds, unsure why her feet moved, only to feel a sudden cold liquid spread down from the top of her head, and Draco's hand grasp her own. "No, come on," Draco murmured, pulling her away from the sounds. Hermione turned around to see Greg waving his wand in a careful arc before a soft light left the tip and he followed after the pair. "What just happened?" "Your friend is enjoying himself, and he doesn't seem to care if you find him," Draco said, his teeth gritted as he continued to pull the now disillusioned Hermione Granger towards Gryffindor Tower. He would deal with his own feelings later, but right now she didn't need to witness what the idiot Weasley was up to in the hallway. When they reached the portrait, Draco let go of her hand, and before Greg could undo the disillusion charm, the source of Draco's annoyance came moving up the hall. "Oi! Malfoy, what are you doing up here?" Ron asked, his voice heavy, his shirt untucked and misbuttoned, while two girls followed behind him, both haphazardly dressed. "What's it to you, Weasley?" Draco asked as Greg took a step closer to him. He was in no mood to deal with Weasley's issues and just wanted to get rid of him as quickly as possible so that Hermione could return to her dorms and away from her friend . "You're up near my tower, you wanker. So what are you doing up here?" Ron asked again, throwing one arm around one of the witches next to him. Draco felt Hermione shudder, and he knew he was running out of him. With the smallest of nods, he cued up his friend who fired a quick hex and then an even faster stupefy at the red haired wizard, who fell the ground. The two witches in his company began shrieking and soon dissolved into hysterics. "No one calls my mate a wanker," Greg said menacingly as though it justified the whole act. Draco leant forward and with his voice barely above a breath said, "Go now." Hermione closed her hand around Draco's and squeezed before she gave the portrait the password and disappeared. Draco smirked at Greg, who smirked back before they set off back for the dungeons. "Well, this evening was full of surprises." Greg looked at his friend carefully when they walked down the first flight of stairs. "Is she the one you've been smelling with Pansy's Amortentia?" Draco did nothing but nod, and continue to walk. "Oh, the failings of Amortentia," Greg said chuckling. To be continued...