you for your letter. I am delighted that you have chosen to accept both positions. I would be honoured if you would join me for afternoon tea on the day of The Sorting Ceremony to discuss your duties as Senior Head Girl and the details of your apprenticeship. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to send an owl. Your faithful servant, Severus Snape, Headmaster Before he had time to tinker with the wording, he called his owl, Obsidian, and sent him on his way. "And you can stop smirking, you old bat," Severus drawled, looking in the direction of Albus Dumbledore's portrait. "My dear boy, whatever is the matter?" Albus enquired. "I wish I knew." Snape stood and began pacing the office. "Ever since Miss Granger saved me, I have felt attracted to her. But, not just in a 'oh, she's suddenly grown up and what I'm looking at is very pleasant' way. I want to protect her and―" His voice trailed off as he felt himself responding in the trouser department. "You have thoughts of a more pleasurable nature towards her, don't you?" Albus asked, his eyes twinkling. "I would say of an inappropriate nature, but, yes, they would be very...oh gods, forgive me!" Severus growled as he sat down to hide his discomfort. "Yes, I am," he continued, "and I shouldn't be. She's going to be my apprentice; she's Senior Head Girl. I can't just avoid her. What am I going to do?!" Dumbledore observed Severus carefully, noticing the conflict within him. "Well, she is very attractive and incredibly bright," the former headmaster offered. "She has truly bloomed. Not to mention the fact that she saved your life. And, of course, she is of age. In fact, due to a certain level of recklessness on my part in her third year, where I gave her a time turner―" Severus looked up at him in shock. "I know, I know, dear boy, but this means that she is, in fact, twenty. Surely that puts a different complexion on things?" Severus snorted, staring into space as he tried not to assimilate the information he'd just been given. Dumbledore narrowed his eyes before asking gently, "Do you wish to act upon these feelings, Severus? Has Miss Granger reciprocated in any way?" Severus stood up again and resumed pacing the office. "The simple answer is, I don't know," admitted dejectedly. "I haven't seen her since my trial, and what started as brief musings about her have begun to consume my waking thoughts. I've just received her acceptance letter, and I don't know what to think. She signed off the letter with 'Yours Sincerely,' except the yours was in capital letters. Why would she do that? Surely she cannot mean that she is mine, and I am a fool for even considering that is what she meant. Besides, she's with the Weasley boy, isn't she?" Dumbledore smiled, realising that there was some kind of connection between the two of them, and answered Severus' question. "I believe that is still correct. However, I would like to inform Minerva of the situation and conduct an investigation into your predicament if you will permit me. Severus, it seems to me that your thoughts―your feelings―towards Miss Granger are driven rather than developed. I'm not suggesting that these feelings aren't real, but I would like to speak to both yourself and Miss Granger about the night which, thankfully, brought you back to the living world. Perhaps you could invite her for tea?" "I've already invited her for afternoon tea before the Sorting Ceremony. I think if I―" Severus trailed off, noticing Dumbledore had raised his hand to silence him. "My dear boy, if you don't see her soon, I believe that you will go out of your mind. And if my summation is correct, the longer you leave it―when you do see her―you will be so out of control that you'll end up a tangled, but happy, mess either on the very floor where you are annoyingly pacing or over your desk. No, Severus, the sooner we solve the mystery of your connection, the sooner you can pursue your relationship at a more dignified pace." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. He was rather enjoying the look of surprise on the headmaster's face. "You can't be serious?" Severus snarled angrily. "I will summon all the strength I have to keep my feelings away from her." But then with an uncharacteristically hope-filled voice, he asked, "Do you think we have a future?" He suddenly had to sit down. The prospect―no matter how outrageous― of having Hermione Granger in his life was too much, and once again he felt a familiar twitching from inside his trousers. "Oh yes. We've all thought so for years." And with that Dumbledore moved out of view, and all Severus could hear was the faint sound of his laughter. The raven-haired wizard paused for a moment, and then quickly began scribbling a note. Dear Hermione, Further to my previous letter, Professor Dumbledore has expressed a desire to be present for afternoon tea with you and I at your earliest convenience. Please advise which afternoon suits you best and I will make the necessary arrangements. Your humble servant, Severus Snape After summoning one of the resident owls and sending it on its way, Severus closed his eyes. He didn't mean to fall asleep, but he'd relaxed a little too much in the knowledge that he might see Miss Granger sooner rather than later. Oh Sev, don't stop. Oh, please I want to come. Let me suck your fingers. Severus...oh gods...oh...oh...I'm so close...oh, oh, Sev― His eyes snapped open, his brow lightly covered in sweat. He wasn't dreaming about having sex with her. That was too real; she was in his head. AN/2 Hope you enjoyed. Please review. Reviews make me very happy. AN/3 I am constantly updating and refining this story. This chapter was updated on 13/11/13. Please see my profile for explanations