to the door way that the source of his current stress was just moving into. "Can we please get this over with quickly?" He asked, his teeth clenched together. He had raised his hand casually to indicate the cream chair to his left. Hermione looked at him carefully before sitting down, and pulling out the pamphlets of information to share with him. She was used to the testy moods of werewolves, but she had the added disadvantage of personal contention with this wizard. "Well Mr. Malfoy-" Hermione began but was cut off just as quickly when the wizard next to her growled loudly, his eyes narrowed on her. "Don't call me that. That is my father. It's either Draco or Malfoy, pick one." Draco said, his voice low and menacing. He regretted offering his first name as an option when he realized that he really didn't want to hear her call him Draco, it would only serve to torture him further. "Fine, Malfoy, over the last few years I've fought for the rights of werewolves to be respected in our community. I have drafted numerous policies on their behalf, with much input from the community itself, and after much struggle we've finally had three policies approved. I'll go over each new policy in as much depth as you care to know. The three we have right now are: equal working rights for werewolves, Wolfsbane incentive programme, and finally we have introduced the Safe Housing Project." Draco leaned back in his chair, his fist clenched in his lap as he listened to her explain that employers were now subject to criminal charges for denying a werewolf employment, and that all registered werewolves were given 5 days off around the full moon to deal with the effects of their condition, and it was now illegal to terminate them for missing days, as long as they fell around the full moon. The longer she talked the more he relaxed, and as she began explaining about the Wolfsbane Incentive Programme, which offered heavy rebates, based on income, to werewolves when they purchased the potion, he accidentally took a deep breath through his nose. The action caused his inner wolf to begin pacing again, fighting to get closer to the witch next to him. Hermione was pleased that she had gotten through the first two policies without much incidence from Malfoy, outside of some quiet growling. Shuffling the papers in front of her, she continued, "Our Safe Housing Project helps all registered werewolves to find adequate housing, but it also grants loans to them so they can have a team of contractors create a safe space for them to transform during the full moon. We found that the few wolves who either did have access to the potion or did have a home, had little in the way of possessions because during the full moon they had no way of stopping themselves from destroying their homes. With this programme in place-." Her words were once again cut off, this time by a loud bang and a cry from the entryway. "Draco, I finished early with my class and thought I'd head over. Just set up the wards," called a loud female voice from just outside the door to the room they were in. Hermione's eyes moved to the doorway, suddenly uncertain as aside from his mother she hadn't expected to see anyone besides Draco. "WHAT?!" Draco said, he jumped from his chair, causing it to fall over, as he hurled himself from around the table. "You did what?!" As he moved past the doorway, his eyes landed on his cousin, in fury. Draco knew rationally that Addi wasn't truly at fault, she hadn't known that the last witch in the country to be trapped in his home was currently here. However, any rational thoughts were long lost, as he responded to the idea of having Granger's delicious scent torturing him for five days. "I got here early, so I set up the wards," Addi responded, taking a step back as Draco moved towards her, her dark brown eyes, widening as Draco moved towards her anger and tension radiating off of him. Draco growled loudly, his wand moving in intricate motions as he attempted to bring down the wards that now surrounded his home. "You dumb bint!" Draco yelled when he failed to bring them down. He had known before he waved his wand that it was a fruitless attempt, but he had to try. He had to try and rid himself of the torture that was Hermione Granger. "What the hell is your issue Draco?" Addi asked her eyes narrowed, quickly growing irritated with her cousin's attitude. She knew they were both quick to grow irritate around this time of the month, but this didn't excuse his behavior for even a moment. "Why don't you bloody ask before you set up the wards that trap everyone on the property for five days?" Draco asked, his voice still low as he took another step towards his cousin. He could sense her growing anger with him, and it made him want to fight her all the more. "Because it's never been a bloody issue before!" Addi yelled, she could feel her anger rising, fighting the wolf right now was impossible and she didn't care to control it. Hermione had neared the doorway as soon as Draco had left the room and watched the interaction. In all her years of knowing Draco Malfoy she had never seen him so obviously angry and tense, and never before had she had a moments thought of being scared of him, but in the state he was in she wanted to move back into the safety of the room. Her eyes had widened as the blonde witch stood with equal height and yelled back at him with as much fervor as he threw at her. Before she could stop herself she muttered, "What do you mean trap everyone here?" To be continued...