ten. They appeared to be a family, and they all had red hair. She spotted Fred and George right away. She took off running towards them, calling out their names in her mind. They looked up at her sharply. Skidding to a stop in front of them where they stood in the midst of Charlie, Percy, Molly, Ron and Ginny, she put her hands on her hips and glared at the twins. "You're late," she said, cocking one eyebrow. "A wizard is never late, Rory MacKinnon," Fred replied, a grin forming on his face. She could tell he was itching to laugh. "He arrived precisely when he means to," George concluded, a grin matching his twin's adorning his face, and the three of them burst out laughing. Rory threw herself at them, all three of them had tears pouring down their faces. They were all talking at once. "You're here!" "No, you're here." "I can't believe this!" "Sweetheart, who are your friends?" her mother asked after giving her daughter a moment. Professor McGonagall, meanwhile, immediately caught on to the fact that the three children knew each other and did not have to use their names. She cast a knowing glance at Molly Weasley, who nodded in return. Holding the twins' hands, Rory turned to her mother. "Mom, this is Fred and George Weasley," she said, nodding at each boy in turn. "Rory dear, it's so good to finally meet you," the twins' mother, Molly said with a smile. "And you, Mrs. Weasley. I feel like I know you already," Rory smiled back. "Mom, this is Fred and George's mom, Molly, and their brothers Charlie, Percy and Ron," she nodded to each in turn, "and their little sister Ginny," she concluded, smiling at them all. The two mothers shook hands, Rory's mother providing her name as her daughter had forgotten in all her excitement. Rory looked between Molly and Professor McGonagall. "Can my mom come to Platform 9 ¾ too, or do we have to say goodbye here?" she asked. "Yes, she can, but she'll need to side-along with Minerva or myself," Molly said brightly. "Hey, wait a minute," Ron protested loudly. "How does she know who we are? We've never met her before." Oops. Rory looked down at her feet, embarrassed. She'd totally forgotten that she only really knew the rest of the Weasley family through the twins' eyes. George put a hand under her chin and brought her gaze back to his and Fred's. :: Never do that again, :: he told her bluntly and Fred, not to be outdone, tossed in his knut's worth as well. :: We didn't tell Ron and Ginny about you only because Mum said so. Something about them being too young. :: Aloud, George said, "She knows who you are, little brother, because she's special ." Ron made a face when it was clear no one else was going to answer him, much less with the sort of explanation he wanted. "Well come along, everyone, time to get moving," Molly instructed her brood. Fred and George grabbed the carts with their things on them and then George said to Rory, "Watch Charlie and Percy first, Red." She nodded, paying close attention to the older boys as they quite literally ran through the wall. "That's all we have to do? Run through the wall?" she asked, awestruck. "You don't have to run," Molly told her. "But you can if you're more comfortable that way." Rory took Arwen's cage from her mother and with a nod from Fred, set the cage on top of his luggage cart. Then the three of them took off at a sprint and one after the other, George, Rory and Fred ran through the wall connecting platforms nine and ten and emerged safely on the other side, followed closely by Professor McGonagall, their mothers, and Ron and Ginny. The scarlet and black Hogwarts Express steam engine sat in front of them waiting. "Wow…what a beautiful train," Rory gasped. George took Arwen's cage off the luggage cart as his and Fred's things were loaded onto the train and he knew Rory would want to keep her owl with her. Turning to her mother, Rory gave her a fierce hug. Melinda MacKinnon pulled out her camera. "Let me get a picture before you go," she said to Rory who grinned wickedly. "Sure…can Fred and George be in the picture too?" "Why not?" her mother grinned back. Rory stood in front of the train, Fred and George on either side of her, all three with wide smiles on their faces. After her mother took the shot, Rory said, "Mom, be sure and show it to Dad when you get it back, and get extra copies for the twins and me, would you?" Last hugs were given and taken and then the three of them headed for an open train door. "Are you coming too, Professor?" Rory called to McGonagall. "No, dear. But I will see you there. Have fun and enjoy the trip," Professor McGonagall replied. Fred, Rory and George boarded the train, Rory with Arwen in hand, and the three of them stood there watching until they could not see their families at all anymore. Rory felt nervous and frightened. She'd never been this far from home before, much less alone. "Hey," Fred objected strenuously. "What?" Rory asked, as George led the way to an empty compartment. "You're not alone, Red," George answered for his brother as he set Arwen's cage down gently. "And you never will be," Fred told her. "Not as long as you have us," George added. "Which, according to Mum, is likely to be forever," Fred grinned as she stood there looking back and forth between them, trying to figure out where to sit. Fred reached up and pulled her down next to him, George sitting on her other side. The three of them sat there together, content for the moment just to watch the world go by.