ecstatic about getting to open my presents, I feel slightly awkward because I feel three pairs of eyes on me, and I'm not used to receiving so many presents on Christmas as I grew up in an orphanage. I take my time, slowly opening each gift and examining them, as Lucius had; I also make sure to thank the giver or givers. I receive lots of clothes, shoes, books of common spells and various other trinkets from Draco's parents. From Draco, however, I receive more romantic gifts. He gives me a bottle of self-replenishing lavender perfume that smells divine, a bouquet of purple orchids that will never die, and lots of beautiful sparkling jewelry with diamonds that change colors to match the outfit I'm wearing at the time. I feel completely spoiled by the time all my presents have been unwrapped; I'm so shocked that I'm almost speechless. Now that all my presents have been opened, Narcissa says that there's one last gift to be given out; she says it's a gift for both me and Draco. She flicks her wand one final time, causing a large box to appear in front of the sofa. Draco and I cast each other curious glances before getting to our feet and unwrapping the present together. Draco's eyes widen and he seems to be shocked when we finish removing the paper and reveal what appears to be a silver bowl resting atop a podium. I, however, am slightly confused; I'm not sure what this is. "Do you like it?" Narcissa asks as Draco and I continue to stare at it. "It's brilliant," Draco replies. Not wanting his parents to notice my confusion, I speak to Draco via Amare Vinculum, the love bond we share that allows us to communicate through our thoughts. " Draco… exactly what is this? " I ask; he looks up from the gift and into my eyes momentarily as he responds. "It's a pensieve," he replies. " It allows you to store memories and view them later." Oh! I think to myself, now suddenly much more appreciative of the gift now that I know what it is. "Your father and I thought it'd be nice for the two of you to have this, to be able to save all the precious memories of Skylar's first year and the start of the your new life as a couple," Narcissa says softly. I gasp loudly in response to her statement; I hadn't even thought about what sorts of memories could be stored. "Oh Narcissa!" I exclaim, running over and pulling her into a hug. "That's such a thoughtful gift! Thank you so much!" Narcissa smiles from ear to ear and hugs me tightly. "I'm glad you like it, dear," she says quietly in my ear. When I release my future mother-in-law a moment later, I find that Draco is waiting to hug her as well, so I decide to go thank Lucius for the gift also. Without thinking, I pull him into a warm embrace as I tell him "thank you", and I can immediately tell it's made him feel awkward because he tenses up and seems a bit shocked. Until I notice his reaction, I had forgotten about Lucius being a 'non-hugger'; he rarely shows emotions. In fact, the only time I've ever seen him hug Draco, his own son , was the day our son was born, and even that was a bit awkward and only lasted for a few seconds. Though everyone else is normally more affectionate on Christmas, Lucius' rule of 'no hugging' apparently still applies. Nevertheless, he pats my back awkwardly and says "You're welcome". In an effort to decrease his feeling of discomfort, I quickly pull away from him and walk back over to where Skylar is, lifting him up out of the seat his grandmother conjured for him a little while ago. "Now then," Narcissa says, "let's all go have breakfast; we've a busy day ahead." Draco, Lucius and I immediately follow her into the kitchen, where the maids have prepared a feast fit for a king. We all eat heartily as Skylar snoozes in his tiny seat before rushing upstairs to shower and dress for the day; Narcissa wasn't exaggerating when she said we've got a busy day ahead of us. By the time we've dressed and made it back downstairs, Lucius' family has arrived for more food and gift-giving; Draco's grandmother, Uncle Maximus and Aunt Tracy, and his two younger cousins remain at Malfoy Manor until late afternoon, and even have lunch with us. Once they leave, it's time to run back upstairs and slip into something more classy and elegant for the enormous Christmas Party Narcissa has thrown; it's apparently a tradition of hers. By six-thirty in the evening, the manor is full of guests, including Draco's friends and their families, Lucius and Draco's coworkers, and some of Narcissa's friends. There's singing, dancing, wine, and yet another meal fit to be served in a palace, as well as more gifts. By ten-thirty things have finally settled down and the last of Narcissa's party guests has left. Completely exhausted, the Malfoys and I head up to bed immediately, telling each other "Happy Christmas" one last time as we do so. Draco and I tuck our exhausted son into his crib and we each give him a kiss on the forehead before making our way out of his nursery and into our bedroom. After changing into our pajamas and brushing our teeth, we lie down and snuggle up close to each other, talking excitedly about the day's activities, thanking each other for our gifts once again , and telling each other how this has been the best Christmas of our lives, simply because we were together. When our eyelids start to droop only moments later, Draco kisses my forehead and quietly whispers, "Happy Christmas, darling… I love you". "Happy Christmas… I love you, too," I reply as I slowly drift off to sleep.