Malfoy! You have to wait for the perfect moment to take your aim! he reminded himself. "You've forgotten to safeguard your most valuable weapon, Draco." Glancing down to his protective cup, Draco sighed a breath of relief. What was she going on about? His wand was still in his hand, and his other weapon of brandishment was snugged securely beneath the confines of his protective wear… Hermione giggled, drawing his attention back up to her face. She looked at the spot between his eyes and tapped it. "No, Draco. Your brain." She turned away from him, back exposed, and sauntered forward. Now's my chance, Draco thought, but he became lost in the tantalizing swing of her hips. He licked his lips, now suddenly so dry, and salivated at the sight. "Then again," she said, "I could overestimate you. You did come here, alone, on a day when everyone else is occupied. I'm not sure if that's out of wit or hormones." Hormones? Oh, she didn't need to get him started on hormones. His were driving him up the wall, begging him to give in and reach out to touch her round hind… "Hermione, I think you need to stop this. What you're planning is dangerous, and… and I can't let you go on with it." He puffed out his chest. As if someone had spoken a key word, she broke in front of his eyes. Her hands covered her face, her shoulders were shaking. Wild, unhinged sounds came from her throat. "I can't keep up this charade anymore," she sobbed, and Draco felt deep confusion. "I'm giving up. I don't know how you Slytherins do it all the time." Misguided, she was. Slytherins had a knack for getting into trouble, yes, but what she spoke of was on a totally other level. He stepped forward to envelope her in a hug as he had so often seen Gryffindors partake in. Just when he had wrapped his arms around her petite figure, she raised her head, undoubtedly to thank him for his interfering. Hero of the day and all. Tears were still running down her reddened cheeks, and he had the urge to wipe them away with his thumb. Then Draco discovered she wasn't crying-she was laughing! "I haven't had this much fun in years, Draco, thank you." Her fingers idly played with the lacing on his chest. "You didn't really think I was up to something evil, did you?" "Uhmmm -no?" " Draco! " "It fit together so logically, you rambling something about massacres… and giving out bows and arrows to house elves…" "Yes, as a theme!" She smacked him lightly on the shoulder. "I'm in charge of the dance tonight, Draco! It's what I've been working on all week!" "The dance?" "Yes!" "Not a massacre?" "A massa- oh, for the love of house elves! No!" She giggled. "I've been trying to tie in the 1920s setting. It was such a romantic era!" "And it also involved a bloodbath! On Valentine's Day!" " Someone has a wild imagination." "So the house elves-" "-are passing out Valentines." "And all that bit about painting the Great Hall in crimson?" "Red is the traditional color of Valentine's Day! At least, it is the most ungendered color. Pink would have been over the top, don't you think?" "I have to admit… I didn't think too much. I was a bit, uhm- distracted." He really had to work on his wording; his father would have thrown a fit. "Distracted? How so?" "Your book! The one I found you hunched over in the library. And you were using all those tactics from it, trying to seduce me! To keep me distracted so I wouldn't thwart your evil… now that I say that, it sounds rather idiotic." "Yes! Maybe you should have your mental health checked?" Her tone was playful -thankfully. And it did nothing to lessen his embarrassment. Just when he wanted to start his first try at an apology ever , she spoke again. "Did it work?" "Huh?" he belted out automatically, not entirely sure what she meant. "The um… the tactics. Did they…" she stepped forward, and her hand came out, fingers curling in his belt loops, just the way it said in the book "...work?" Draco then realized that book was entirely correct: men were like fish, and he was one who thoroughly enjoyed taking the bait. "Yes," he said, reaching out and wrapping his slender fingers around her waist, moving down to her arse to -finally- give it a squeeze. It was heavenly, and toned, and -fuck, was she wearing any undergarments beneath that dress? "You know, I feel rather foolish in all of this gear, now. Perhaps you'd like to… help me out of it?" "Of course." Her fingers wandered towards his belt buckle, and he inhaled sharply in anticipation. "After all, you have only about twenty minutes left to get into your dashing dress robes." His frustration must have been visible to her (though, thanks to the jewel cup, the situation down there was invisible to her), because she gave him a mischievous smile. "I've worked so hard for this dance. And afterwards, I'm more than willing to help you out of them to show my… dedication to the day of lovers." So maybe Hermione Granger wasn't Hell-bent on a murder spree in the Great Hall of Hogwarts. But she certainly made a favorable companion to the Valentine's Day dance that evening, and her… oral dedication later in the evening more than made up for the stress she'd inadvertently put him through during the month. Maybe he should pay more attention when a woman was speaking. Heh, yeah , he thought, when house elves fly . It had to suffice that he paid attention when one certain, brown-eyed and curly-haired witch was speaking (but only for her). Once again, I'd like to stress this is a 50-50 collaboration with LightofEvolution, and she should be given all the love as well!