Harry rolled his eyes as he left, wondering if he really was on a fool's errand. Wondering if he really was a fool… Malfoy Manor was really quite stunning. In the light of a clear day, and outside of its dank, depressing cellar, Harry found it beautiful. Gothic spires appeared more grandiose and less grudging. Shadowed gables were draped in white and blossoming tea roses. Aaaand Draco Malfoy was standing in the door. "Took you long enough." "This is a process, Malfoy. I can't just drop everything and apparate to a set of coordinates." "Yes, you can." "Just - just show me to her room. I'll start there." Draco left Harry to explore Narcissa's room, claiming he needed to 'wrap up some things.' So there was blissful quiet. The room was what he expected. Neat and soft. Highly lacquered floors and plush rugs. Velvet drapes in heavy folds. Several wardrobes on the far wall were open and in disarray. Drawers cracked, clothing spilling out...very uncharacteristic of the proper and organized witch he'd come to know in Florida. One wardrobe contained several shrunken valises and such. Luggage. It seemed recently disturbed, several suitcases perched diagonally over a gap. Harry took note. If she'd returned recently from a vacation, he expected more to see luggage back in place. Or scattered about in the process of unpacking. Instead, it looked as though more was missing. Curious... The bed was unmade. A lump of bedding did look suspiciously like a person's form. Harry tossed the emerald satin bedding back to reveal...nothing but a silver slip of silken nightgown. He stared at it for a moment, swallowing back something. His fingertips just barely brushed the material. "Taking hair samples or something, Potter?" He jumped at Malfoy's voice. "I suspect she left of her own accord, Draco. Doesn't look like she even unpacked." "I know. I thought the same thing." Draco sat at the foot of the massive bed. "I just can't figure why she would leave. What could have happened that would send her running off without so much as a word to me?" "Any strange mail come for her?" Draco shook his head. Pointed to a desk in an alcove. "It's all over there. The elf stacked it up for her while she was gone." Harry sifted through the pile of rolled parchments. There were only a few. Most hadn't even been touched, still bound or sealed with elaborate waxy sculpture. But one was clearly opened… He grabbed it quickly, sensing Draco's approach, and stashed it in his robe. "Anything threatening?" Draco asked. "No. All looks pretty above board to me." He cleared his throat. "Anything else missing from the house? Food? Money?" "Actually, yes. I had the elf take inventory while I waited forever for you. Six bottles of wine are missing from the cellar, and about a hundred galleons that we kept in this stupid fish statue near the floo. You know. Pocket change." The fact that the Malfoys thought of a hundred galleons as pocket change went ignored for the moment. "Would anyone other than yourself, your mother or the elf have access to the wine or the galleons?" "No." "Right." Harry had seen all he needed to see. His initial worry had been replaced by determination. The witch had left of her own accord. "That's all I need, Malfoy. I'll be on my way, and I'll keep in touch." "What do you mean you're on your way?" "I'm going to try to track down your mum. Shouldn't be that difficult, actually. I have a bit of a lead." "Yeah? Well, I'm going with you so you can tell me all about it." "No, no, no, no, no." Harry put a hand on Draco's advancing shoulder. "You can't go with me, Draco. This is auror business. Serious stuff. I've got to handle it." "Um...no, no, no, no, no, yourself." Draco put a hand on Harry's hand still on his shoulder. "I appreciate that you're being official and all but a few things, please; one, you're still basically a rookie at this, fresh out of training. Let's face it - you can't even hold a quill properly. Two, this is my mother, and she's all I've left in the world. And if you think I trust you to run off half cocked looking for her based on a hunch and some decoy coordinates, you're dead bloody wrong. Three, I'm bored to fucking tears wading through Wizengamot bureaucracy, and I'm not going to pace around this soggy old catacombs waiting for your floo call every night like some weeping wisp of a schoolgirl hoping for a date to the Yule ball. You savvy?" "Draco, there is protocol to be followed here! Procedures!" "What bloody procedures?" He grabbed Harry's shoulders, shaking them a bit. "If a mudbl - muggle loses the ignition keys to their...primitive, petrol-powered pollutant-spewing vehicle, do they follow protocol? Procedures? Hell, no, Potter. They just go looking for them! Simple as that! And they find them and -" "You're comparing your mother to a set of muggle car keys, Malfoy. It's not at all similar." "I fucking disagree. She's quite small. I've misplaced her before. Potter, the inescapable reality here is that whether my mother is a set of keys or a formidable witch whom I might be secretly terrified of, I'm accompanying you on this little venture so you might as well gird your loins to it." "Merlin's saggy sack, man!" Harry shoved Draco away. But there was surrender in his manner. Draco sensed it. "You're one of the most frustrating people I've even known in my goddamned life, Malfoy." "Did you expect me to change, Potter? I mean... really change?" He scoffed. "Come on. We're burning daylight. Where are we apparating to?" Harry closed his eyes for a moment, resigning himself to fate, and preparing himself for uncertain adventure. Up next...strawberry fields, Amazonian warriors, gourmet cheeses, and a talking goat. I'm lying about one of those things. Guess which.