circumventing the Statute of Secrecy?" "They want to reveal magic to the Muggle world?" Harry asked in shock. "Do they realize what that will do? Sure, maybe in fifty years we would make it work but there would a world war the likes of which no one has seen if that happens." The look that Hermione gave Harry was frightening. "Maybe that's their goal." Hermione whispered intensely. "These people don't care about blood. They care about power and the fact that they believe they have to hide it." The thought that there was someone out there working on destabilizing the enter planet by exposing the magical world to the Muggle one terrified Harry. Everything that he had worked for his entire life, the battles against Voldemort and Malfoy, the work they had done on balancing blood relations among the magical population: all of it would be undone. "Why are you telling me this now?" Harry asked. "You've never told me this quickly before. In fact, the other two times, I found out from the Daily Prophet." "Because of Diggory's reaction." Hermione growled lightly. "He's meeting with the Prime Minister right now. Regardless of the evidence to the contrary, he still believes that Muggles are at the heart of this. He thinks that some Muggles have figured out a way to blackmail or trick a magical person into helping him." "That's insane." "Just slightly." Hermione said with a sarcastic grimace. "Anyway, he's going to authorize the Aurors to start investigating those groups I mentioned." "That's not too bad." "He's also given ordered me to authorize the Aurors to bring in potential Muggle suspects." "That does seem much worse." Harry admitted. "Which Muggles is he thinking would do this?" "Among the Muggles, there are a small portion that believe Magic exist. Most of them are crazy, seeing magic in pieces of bread or lines in the desert. But, there are some who likely have some sort of magical ancestry. They're likely Squibs born to Muggle parents and they can see our world. To the rest of the world, they seem like crackpots but the Ministry has always been very wary of these particular people. If the Muggles would someday start listening to them, we could be in trouble." "But wouldn't bringing in these people just make the rest of the group louder?" "Exactly." Hermione said roughly. "And we can't just treat them like this. They're Muggles, not criminals. We can't just start randomly pulling them off the street." "Does this mean you're reconsidering your stance?" The next election for Minister of Magic was coming up. Unlike the last time, there were only four candidates currently running. Tiberius Ogden was running as was Amos. The third was a relative unknown by the name of Samantha Lyman, the assistant Head of the Department of Magical Education. The fourth was Hermione herself. When she entered the race, she had made the personal decision not to publicly condemn any of the other candidates for a few reasons. Firstly, if she lost, she wanted to keep being able to work within the Ministry. Secondly, and more importantly, she felt that being above the fray would give her an advantage of looking cleaner than the others. So far, that strategy hadn't been working. While Hermione wasn't in last place (that honored belonged to Tiberius Ogden), she didn't seem to be faring all that well. Meanwhile, both Lyman and Diggory were getting much of the positive press after the previous debates, leading to the Daily Prophet referring to it as a two person race. In the last four years, Hermione's work record hadn't been spotless. Some thought that was the reason why she was falling behind against Diggory and Lyman. Others thought it was her inability to be tough on the other candidates. Personally, Harry fell into the latter camp. "I'm thinking about it." Hermione replied. "But I can't use this information. The debate is tomorrow and the public won't know about this for at least forty-eight hours." "Unless someone slipped it to them…" "No!" Hermione scolded him. "Absolutely not!" "I didn't mean me!" "No one!" Hermione roared. "If I win under the thought of being the clean candidate and then it was discovered that I had leaked information to the press to win a debate, that would be the end. I wouldn't lose my job but I would be dead in the water!" "Fine, fine." Harry muttered, mostly to himself. "It was just an idea." "I know." Hermione said as she placed a gentle hand on his cheek. "I appreciate it. Go back to your feast." "I will." Harry said gently. As Hermione went to walk away, Harry grabbed her hand and turned her back towards him and kissed her fiercely. "You never did tell me why you told me this." "Because I was thinking this was a job for Dumbledore's Army." "I thought the DA was forcibly retired by the Ministry." "That may need to change." "Let me rephrase, I thought that you forcibly retired Dumbledore's Army." "Yes, I did." Hermione admitted. "Publicly, I retired the DA." "And privately?" Harry watched as a multitude of different emotions reflected passed Hermione's face. She had been responsible for ending Dumbledore's Army. At the time, it had seemed like a good idea; even Harry had agreed with her. But now? "Maybe the world could use Dumbledore's Army again?" A/N: This is the sequel to "Harry Potter: Who Am I?" While it is not necessary that you have read the previous entry in this series, it certainly will help. So you're aware, I have the first five chapters written and am actively working on the sixth. My goal is to produce one chapter a week but I know that will eventually tail off to something like one chapter every few weeks. However, I will do my best to keep writing since that is also when the quality of my work is at its best. Please let me know what you thought!