couldn't break the fierce eye contact she was holding with him, but he nodded. The others were hushed, hanging on her every word now. The fact that they were all quite drunk likely only added to the atmosphere of it all "We've time traveled before; you already know that you can't change anything." Her tone was less sharp now and more generally swotty. "It isn't a law in that you would be punished for trying; it's a law like the conservation of mass. It just is. " The others were staring blankly at her. Ron blinked once. Harry wasn't sure what the conservation of mass was all about, but he had a firm enough grasp of time travel to explain what (he hoped) she meant to their friends. He managed to tear his eyes away from hers before speaking. "I've already gone back in time, so anything I do while I'm there, it's already happened." The looks of dawning comprehension were near, he could feel it. "I've always already gone. Erm… if you ask McGonagall, she already remembers Troy being there!" A chorus of Oh and I get it now . Neville applauded him. Waiting until everyone had been well and truly plastered to break the news was a questionable idea, but Harry didn't regret it. "Really, Harry," Hermione sniffed, "I wish you would consider becoming a professor. You have a way with simple explanations. But yes, you've already been, and you know how your life has been up to this point. You know that the way things are now is a result of what happened in the early '80s. There shouldn't be any temptation to change anything by your presence, because your presence has always been there . I think it's incredibly valuable that you already know that, and I think it's the key to your success," she reiterated. Harry agreed. It was morbid that his parents had known him and that they had died anyways, but that was history. All that he could do was go back and follow the guidelines set by that history, go through the motions of a preset past. … The next morning, Harry made an executive decision to wait until he took a nice Cure for Hangovers potion before going to Hogwarts. If this version of the Time-Turner was anything like the one he had used in his third year, then it would be dizzying and fairly nausea-inducing. The professor hadn't mentioned anything about him vomiting onto her desk immediately after arriving, and he didn't feel like adding that to the narrative. After ten horrible minutes, the potion seemed to kick in and he felt his headache clearing and the dryness in his eyes and mouth abating. He had said his goodbyes to his friends and the Weasley family the night before, honest in the way only drunks can be when he told them that if he had to face them in the morning he wouldn't be able to go. True to the word he had forced from each of them, the living room was empty when he strolled from the base of the stairs to the fireplace, small duffel bag under his arm, expanded by Hermione and stuffed with his clothes and toiletries, more books and journals than he had any hope of making use of in the next year (courtesy of Hermione), and an old snitch gifted to him by Arthur Weasley in a fit of emotion the night before. He stepped firmly out of the headmistress's fireplace and onto the elaborate rug on her office floor, a holdover from the past two headmasters. She was already next to him and pushing a mug of coffee into his hands. She had offered him a full breakfast the night before after their discussion, and he had told her he didn't need anything. When she had realized he was planning on going on a veritable bender that night, she had assured him she'd have something nearly as good as a pepper-up potion ready for him the next morning. And Merlin help him, it really was delicious. Perhaps Troy Raphter would be a coffee drinker where Harry Potter was not. They spent several minutes confirming the settings on the Time-Turner were properly set, that he knew what exactly he was to tell past-Minerva and past-Albus, that he was not going to suddenly collapse and be unable to travel back due to the anxiety of it all. Finally, his coffee was gone, and he was finalizing the appearance that he would be taking on for the next year and a half. He and his friends had had a bit of fun planning this aspect of the trip out during a more sober lull in the evening. He would be taller, with Kevin Bishop's nose and Neville Longbottom's coloring, an odd thought matched with Severus Snape's jawline. With any luck, he'd only have to redo those charms once a week. His glasses were traded for the larger frames favored by the late seventies and early eighties, and the robes he was in were lengthened and given a dated trim that would be very trendy in the past. He would purchase more after arriving; the concept of inflation would treat kindly the coins he would be bringing with him. There was no more stalling, no more waiting. "I'm ready," he said. The professor nodded shortly before placing the Time-Turner around his neck. Thirty-seven extremely slow turns of the hourglass later, and he found himself flying through time and extremely happy that he had taken that hangover cure. … A/N: I know that there is no Benjy Fenwick yet. He is coming; you must be patient. I'm really excited about my characterization of him, and I'm looking forward to getting input on what is essentially my first OC since middle school! Prompts used from SiriusMarauderFan's Hamilton challenge: [character] Harry Potter; [scenario] Write about someone being incredibly unlucky. Prompt used from the If You Dare Challenge: #297, I'm Ready.