I think he reasoned it out. Mum too. I know Harry and George did because George won't stop winking. Anyway, I'll see you soon. Six hours and counting. Love, Ron PS - I hope you remember how to do all the charms. It's been so long I forgot. Tuesday 18 August 98 Dear Hermione, I hope the conversation with your family went well. I hope you didn't pretend to be strong. This is one of those times it's okay to cry. Remember when you told me that? I do. It was up in your bedroom before we left for Australia. I had a good cry over Fred then we had a snog, I got a stiffy and had to put a pillow on my lap because it made you nervous. I'm glad it doesn't make you nervous anymore. You were perfect Sunday night. I know you say nobody's perfect, but you really were. I was thinking we could get away sometime this week before you go away with your mum and dad? Maybe we could fly to Dartmoor or I thought about maybe getting a hotel room in the village. I go there to walk around sometimes and I found a nice inn along the river. I just want to disappear with you for a few hours. Harry keeps nattering on about our next mission. He thinks we're close to hauling in Nott and Rookwood, but I don't think so. The way they plan and execute these missions are always a disaster. Hopefully, we won't have many more before you leave. I can't believe you only have two weeks before you're off to Hogwarts. Are you getting excited? Have you thought about when you want to go and get your books? Let me know as soon as you have any ideas. Love, Ron Thursday 20 August 98 We're waiting for our official briefing and it's been six hours of waiting so I'm writing you. So much of what we do seems like just hurry up and wait. When there is action it's exciting, but so much of it is briefings and rehearsals and then the whole operation only takes like twenty minutes. It never goes as planned anyway. Only about 20% of what we plan actually happens. I get the feeling this is a really big mission. There will be more than one high value target. Maybe Rookwood will be there. I swear I just need him within a one mile radius and I'd bring him in so fast it would be a new Auror record. Mum wants to have the party for you and Ginny this weekend if Harry and I are back. I told her you were going out of town with your mum and dad so she's thinking the last weekend before you both leave for Hogwarts. Let's get together before then though. If Harry and I don't have a mission maybe we can meet up every day. I can't believe in two weeks you're going to be at Hogwarts. I'm going to miss you so much. Love, Ron Monday 24 August 98 Dear Hermione, I just got back and I'm sending Pig out right now. It's about one in the morning on Sunday, but hopefully you'll get it in time to send it back by Muggle post. The mission this week was bloody awful. I'm too tired to go into details, but hopefully I'll see you tomorrow. I think you said you were supposed to come back from Margate. I hope the beach holiday went well and you were actually able to enjoy it. Kingsley thinks his legislation might make it through this week so maybe I'll actually start getting paid for these missions so I can take you on a proper date this week. We're still on for Wednesday, right? I hope it's not too crowded. Harry said when he and Ginny went it was pretty bad and he ended up using his Invisibility Cloak. I reckon nobody will care about you and me though. It's been over three months after all. Can you believe it's been that long? I can't. Love you so much. Love, Ron Tuesday 26 August 98 Dear Hermione, I can't wait to see you tomorrow. Bring your Head Girl badge because I want to see it. You forgot to bring it earlier this month. Do you want to have lunch in Muggle London? Since the paper has been reporting on Harry and I helping with all the raids dad thinks the press will be out and about, at least Skeeter. So maybe instead of school shopping we'll spend the day in London and mum could get your books. It could be fun. Kind of like that day we had in Brisbane. Or we could just deal with Skeeter and go to Diagon Alley. Whatever you want to do. I just can't wait to spend the whole day with you! Love, Ron Sunday 31 August 98 Dear Hermione, So I guess this is the last letter I'll write to you before you leave for Hogwarts. I know you're disappointed I'm not going with you, but I know you'll be just fine. I'm so proud of you for going and I know you'll do great. Let me know the Hogsmeade weekends as soon as you can. I bet as Head Girl you can just go to Hogsmeade whenever you want. I'm not sure if or when I'll be able to visit until I find out more about this training. By the time you get this I might already be there. I don't know where I'll be or how much I'll be able to write. But I wrote this so you can read it on the train. Eat a bunch of chocolate frogs for me and tell Crookshanks he's in charge of making sure you and Ginny don't get into too much trouble. Enjoy the Welcome Feast and say hi to Hagrid for me. I love you and miss you already. Love, Ron