week?" Ginny asked. "Yeah," Harry said, knowing that they probably wouldn't. "We'll come back next week." "Harry," a voice called from the hallway. Harry looked up from his research as Daphne entered the room. Both had been searching for Linden's book ever since Ginny had told them about it. "Harry, I have news." "What kind of news?" He asked, wearily. He could do with some good news. Hermione, who was beside him, looked up. Harry's relationship with Hermione was complicated. She still insisted on being friends with Ron, despite everything, and their friendship was tense at best. Harry knew she didn't like Daphne, but at this point he would do anything to keep her in his life. She was his anchor to a world where he had been an innocent child. A world of which he did not want to let go. Daphne glanced at Hermione for a moment, before turning back to her boyfriend. "Good news, I think." "You think?" Hermione asked. Daphne ignored her. "Harry, I'm pregnant!" "Pregnant," he repeated. She nodded. "Daphne this is great!" "Great!" Cried Hermione. "It was one thing when you guys were just fooling around, but this! Harry, you're happy about the fact that you got a disgusting little Slytherin pregnant?" Harry and Daphne stared at her in shock. "Hermione, Daphne is the love of my life. I'm psyched that she's pregnant. What's your problem with Daphne anyway?" "My problem?" She exclaimed. "My problem is that she's evil. She's already found a way to turn you against Ron-" "Ron is the one who called Daphne evil and laughed at Arthur's funeral!" "Ron did nothing wrong, the stupid little Slytherin you call your girlfriend has turned you against him! I can't believe you're actually going dark!" "I'm not going dark!" "Than why are you happy about having a child with a Slytherin? I can't believe you, Harry. I thought you were a good person!" Hermione stormed out of the villa, leaving Harry and Daphne staring after her in shock. Harry watched Hermione leave. The last anchor to a time when everything had been so much simpler. He sighed. As if he needed any more proof that childhood was now officially over. Harry and Daphne sat side by side in the St. Mungo's waiting room. They had been sitting there for nearly half an hour, waiting for the results. Death eaters had attacked Diagon alley as a last attempt to re-rally and attack muggle borns. Sophie Roper, Astoria's friend who had set them up on a blind date all those years ago, had died in the attack. What really worried them, however, was that a spell had hit Daphne, who was four months pregnant, in the stomach. A healer appeared in the doorway, and Harry and Daphne stood up. "I'm sorry Mr and Mrs Potter," he said, looking at them with pity in his eyes. "The baby didn't make it." "No!" Daphne screamed. "My baby! My little girl!" She burst into tears. Harry felt tears running down his own face as well. For as long as he could remember, his life had been one tragedy after another. Would it ever end? Harry sat in the library at his family manor, looking desperately through the shelves. He didn't like the manor, it was too big, but the family library was his last chance at finding Linden's book. He had looked everywhere else. "Harry!" Daphne exclaimed, suddenly. "Harry I found it! And I figured out why we couldn't find the book, too. Ginny got the name wrong. It's not Linden's book of travel . It's Landon's guide to universal travel! And I found out what Ginny wanted to show us, too." She showed Harry the book, which was open to a new chapter. Harry stared in shock. Chapter 13. Time travel: how to send your mind back into your younger body. "The research's nearly finished! Harry, we can do this!" Harry stared at the book in shock. A chance to redo everything. To make things right this time. A chance for a fresh start. He looked to Daphne, determination clear in his eyes. They would do it, whatever it took, to go back and fix it. "Let's do it," he said. And so they began their research. They stayed up late and shut out the rest of the world. After fourteen years of studying, they finally finished the ritual. They stood side by side on the thirty-first of October, 2025, and they began to chant. And, in a flash of light and an explosion that destroyed everything within a mile away from them, Harry and Daphne Potter disappeared. Their bodies vanished into thin air, and their minds flew back into their four year old bodies. It was early, they knew, but it was the closest they could get to the age of eleven. And so a four year old Daphne Greengrass and Harry Potter fled from their homes and found safety in Yorkshire, where they studied and trained. They redid primary school, and redid growing up. It was difficult, and very frustrating at times, but it was all worth it for a chance to change it all. A/N: Hello Everyone. Thank you all for reading my story. Though this is the first one I've posted on this site, it's not the first story I've written. Still, all advice is appreciated. That said, I take constructive criticism, not mean comments. If you plan on being mean, prepare to be ignored. I will try to take any suggestions into consideration, but I have a lot of things already planned out, so if your suggestions won't work with the plans I already have, I may not use them. Harry/Daphne is obviously the main pairing, but I don't really have any other pairings figured out. If there's a certain pairing you want to see, feel free to comment and I may do that pairing. Thank you to everyone who comments and reads my story. I'll try not to be too cliche.