not much she could do. If Harry was going along with this, there surely were reasons that made him think that it was an absolutely reasonable Ministry decision. Harry released the spell with a mastery that she had not known he possessed. Usually the release from such a quick stunner felt akin to crashing on concrete, but she only felt a slight discomfort, like she'd fallen asleep at an odd angle. She took a mental note to ask him how he did that and where he learned to perform such flawless wandless magic later. ''It seems that now we can continue with the more interesting issues that this Marriage Act encompasses. Kingsley, maybe you can explain it to her,'' the Lucius declared. ''You see, Hermione, the matching system makes sure that the people are compatible in many areas. You have three smart, attractive young men. They each are very different, but many a witch would be happy to call any of them her husband. To ensure population growth, couples matched this way have to have intercourse at least three times a week. Since you have three husbands, it means that each of them gets the same attention.'' Hermione felt herself blush. This was understandable but… so many times! It meant that she'd be busy every night and more if it were three times with each. ''So that means once with…with each?'' she said, barely believing what she was saying. The potion flowing through her system made it all feel like it was no big deal. ''No, it means three times each,'' Kingsley said. ''Each partner has to receive the minimally stipulated sessions as our research shows that the number set is the optimal for ensuring conception.'' It was…just… how could the ministry come up with such invasive things? Though during the last three years she had not had sex even once, there had been some muggle men who had tried to chat her up, but it seemed impolite if she had brought them back to her residence. Once, but just once she had nearly succumbed to the charms of a handsome Italian, but her possible lust was extinguished when he told her that he could only take her home when his mama was out to the market… somehow, she did not want to dally with a mama's boy. Looking at her possible prospective husbands Hermione expected to see rage, indignation and anger in their faces. They surely had lady friends they all wanted to see it instead. Malfoy was known as a ladies' man, Harry also had countless flings after the war, Neville…Hermione wasn't so sure about his private life but it was clear that he must have had some relationships. Harry's face bore an impassive expression, like when he was listening to a lecture about goblin uprisings in the fifteenth century. The blond Ferret seemed preoccupied with checking for specks of dirt on his pristine snow-white Muggle sneakers. Only Neville had the decency to look a little flustered. ''Kingsley, have you asked the gentlemen about this matchmaking? They might have their hearts set on someone already.'' ''I can confidently speak for all three of us and say that we do not have any…entanglements that would be in the way of this law. Hermione, as you know, laws go over any personal choices in grave matters so even if I, or Draco or Neville had a crush, we cannot pursue it,'' Harry declared. ''Malfoy? Neville? This can't be true. I mean there is no way you're not with someone already and….'' ''Hermione, as far as the Ministry is concerned these young wizards are not married or engaged to anybody else. For you as well the Ministry has no information about a magical engagement from any of the three countries you used to reside nor about a Muggle marriage certificate.'' "I could've gotten engaged, you know,'' Hermione huffed. ''If it were a Muggle engagement we would certainly not know,'' agreed the elder Malfoy. ''However, if it were a magical engagement the British Ministry would be aware of it the next day. As there is no such information then you are bound to wed these three gentlemen.'' ''But what if I don't want to get married?'' she asked, ignoring Harry's glare. ''Then you shall be locked up in Azkaban in the low security ward for as long as it takes you to be in favor of said marriage,'' the Minister declared. ''Our reluctant bride surely does not want to ponder about her future there. If you just signed the pre-wedding agreement for a get-to-know time of two weeks you could find out more about your future husbands in the comforts of any of their many homes. '' The elder Malfoy handed her a heavy parchment. Hermione's eyes wandered over the stipulations. No intercourse requirements for said two weeks, her choice of which residence their time is spent at, shared bed required with one at a time…. All three of the men had already signed it, Neville's signature was the squiggliest while Malfoy could've entered a calligraphy contest with his fine flourish. Harry's signature was the most familiar one, in neat, nervous letters. It was true that she did not want to see the inside of Azkaban ever again, even as a short term visitor. She had had enough of hardship in her life already. The war, including the endless camping in the woods, scared for her own and everyone else's' lives was enough of suffering for a lifetime. Maybe she had gotten placated by the fine thread count sheets at the Malfoy residences. But Harry had signed the document. So if her best friend, whom she trusted without question, agreed to this situation, then how could she not? Harry had saved her life so many times. She trusted him with her life. Maybe this untraditional engagement had good sides. Harry was looking expectantly at her and Hermione just decided to bite the proverbial bullet. With a shaking hand she signed the parchment.