effect. He feels himself glowing with delight and pride at the next meeting in the library when he recognizes extra faces, including Oliver Wood from Gryffindor and Penelope Clearwater from Ravenclaw. Percy exchanges looks with Gemma, both of them thinking the same thing: All according to plan. At first, the new additions interfere a bit with the established rhythm and order of their study sessions. There are whispered arguments that sometimes lead to students being thrown out by Madam Pince. Eventually, though, they make it work. The house points are now closer than they were before, though Slytherin is still solidly in the lead. ( As it should be , Percy thinks.) Professor Snape confronts them again on their study group. "Is it some form of charity?" he asks. Gemma shakes her head. "It's networking, Professor." "Yes," Percy agrees. "You had Professor Slughorn when you were at Hogwarts, didn't you, sir?" "Yes, I did." There's something they can't read in his expression. "It's like my father told me he believed in. It's not what you know—it's who you know." "Very Slytherin of you, Weasley." He thinks this is the man's attempt at a compliment. Whether it is or not, he takes it as one anyway. Percy beams. "Thank you, sir." When Gryffindor wins the Quidditch Cup that year, Percy congratulates Charlie, taking a seat with him at the Gryffindor table. "Thanks," Charlie says. "But shouldn't you have been rooting for the Slytherin team?" Percy shrugs. "Their Seeker's not half as good as you." His brother smiles. "Thanks, Perce. Think you might end up trying out?" He stiffens. "No, I'm far too busy." He doesn't say that he has no urge to go near a broom again after he was humiliated during flying lessons. "Oh, yeah. That study group you and that Farley girl have. Do you do anything else, little brother? All I ever see you do is study." "Of course I do. But what happens in Slytherin, stays there, Charlie." Charlie rolls his eyes. "They've turned you into a real snake in the last year, haven't they?" "No," Percy says firmly. "I'm just finally with people who are just like me." As academically focused as they both can be, sometimes they have their days where they decide to go outside and relax. Percy thinks back to when flying lessons had gone on. Gemma was one of the best in their group—she soared through the air with a hypnotizing precision and grace. "Do you like to fly at home?" he asks her one day. Gemma watches the clouds in the sky, patting her hand on the grass. "Yeah. It's nice. When I'm in the air, it's like nothing matters." Percy's brothers have told him similar things. One day she's in a mischievous mood. She steals a school broom and goes for a quick fly. Percy, a stickler for the rules, is astonished and asks her how she expects to become a prefect with that kind of behavior on her record. Gemma sighs. "Perce, sometimes I don't know what to do with you. If I'm seen, I'll make sure it's only Professor Snape who does. He won't send away one of his Slytherins." Percy admits that this is true. "It's still so wrong, though." "You don't have to come with me." But he is there with her the whole time, even playing lookout until she comes back down, grinning from ear to ear. Gemma ends up taking the top spot away from Percy on their exam scores. Percy feels stupid for having missed the two points due to silly mistakes, but is genuinely happy for her. "Well done," he says at the end of term feast. "You were a worthy opponent." In the background, he hears some of the other students celebrating their win of the House Cup. "So were you." Gemma chuckles. "It's going to be so weird not seeing you for weeks. You will write me, won't you?" "Of course!" He is surprised that she has to ask. Then again, she is just as new to having friends as he is. "Letters from you will be one of the things that helps me get through summer at The Burrow. It was bad enough at Christmas. This is a lot longer." She snorts. "Well, you'll have plenty of brothers and your little sister to keep you busy." "True. You should come visit, though. My mother would love you." "From what you've told me," she says, "your mother loves everyone." "Only if they let her mother them," Percy says in a dry tone. As he reflects on all that they've accomplished that year, Percy feels satisfied. Sure, he still sometimes sees the Muggleborn Slytherins sitting away from the purebloods and some of the less friendly halfbloods. And the common room's passwords are only better now that he and Gemma have pointed it out to Professor Snape, with Gemma having slyly brought up the possibility of going to the Headmaster about it. But it's a start. Hogwarts wasn't built in a day, either. "How was your first year?" Mother asks him at King's Cross. "It went well," Percy says. "I can't wait to go back." Author's Note: I started this is as a oneshot but I have several ideas for the continuing adventures of Percy and Gemma as they take over the school and gain power in the process. This story came about because I always felt like Percy was a good example of what a Slytherin should be: ambitious but has morals and is uninterested in blood purity. Plus, if Slughorn had been teaching when he'd attended, Percy would have been one of the star members of the Slug Club. Gemma Farley, I used, because she's a blank slate and I wanted to give Percy a really close Slytherin friend. This story was my first attempt at present tense. The style, I admittedly adapted from Annerb's excellent fic, The Changeling , a Slytherin Ginny AU. Let me know what you thought.