the fact that most of the decorations were in Slytherin green. That was no wonder, the two previous residents had been the Heads of the very same house, after all. But why not change them now? Surely it's weird to keep such things, when everything else in the castle had clearly been restored. Besides, the theme was hardly appropriate, since the next resident could have been from any house? Just as she was. The first thing she'd have to do would be to add some well needed Gryffindor red to her new living quarters. What caught her attention next was the expansive fireplace on the far right wall, now burning with fierce fire. She then took in the matching mahogany colored furnishing; the wide work table on the far left wall of the room, the small sitting area right in front of them with a sofa and two comfortable looking armchairs. She wondered for a brief moment if Professor Snape had been the one responsible for the elegantly matching furnishing. She hardly thought Professor Slughorn would have any eye for decorating, whatsoever. What struck her the most, however, was what she saw surrounding the room. Every single wall was covered with bookshelves, same matching mahogany, from the ground to the ceiling. The shelves were clearly overfilled, books piled side to side and on top of each other. An excited jolt went through her spine, she was going to enjoy roaming through those tomes immensely. As if Minerva were able to read her thoughts, she commented, "Wait till you see the office, my dear, there's twice as many. Honestly, someone should go through all of them and decide which are worth saving." Shooting a quick glance at the older woman's direction, she stepped forward to drag her hand across the back of the black leather sofa on her new sitting area. She turned back to Minerva, who was still standing by the door, and noticed a small drink cabinet right next to her. "I'm sure you're exhausted by now, my dear. Let me show you your bedroom and bathroom, and I'll be out of your hair. You have your luggage with you, yes?", Minerva said nodding towards the wall behind her. Hermione spun around to find a door, which she hadn't seen at first and that would supposedly lead her to her bedrooms. She turned back and nodded to Minerva. "Yes, I've got everything I need. Right... here", she said as she reached into her robe pocket and displayed three shrinked bags. "Very well. If you would then…?" Minerva nodded as she made her way to the door and opened it for her. The first thing she saw was a huge four poster bed in the middle of the room, against the far back. The same color theme was dominating the room, which was certainly not big, by all means, but was very convenient for her needs. It had two more bookshelves on the left wall as well as a smaller writing desk. On the right wall there were two drawers for clothing and another door, which would no doubt lead her to her restroom. There was a smaller fireplace on their left, on the wall that was separating the living room from her bedroom. "I believe you will see to your nightly routine, then. Good night dear, I will see you tomorrow at eight o'clock in the Great Hall for the first staff meeting", as she spoke, Minerva had turned to leave, but halted her movement as she reached the door out of her new rooms. "Oh, and if you're hungry or need anything, the house elf responsible for the dungeons and the health of its residents goes by the name Lori. Good night now", and so she was out with a whirl of her robes. Hermione took one more look around her and then closed the door of her bedroom, planning to get straight to bed. She placed her luggages on her bed, and took her wand out of her robe pocket to enlarge her belongings. She had taken with her one bag of clothing and some necessary stuff for her hygiene, one of her personal brewing equipment as well as teaching material,though she doubted she'd be needing any of those. The third bag was filled with some stuff to help her decorate the rooms for her liking and a legit amount of books. She set her wand to the bedside table and grabbed her toilet bag and a lavender nightgown from her bag, ready to settle in for the night. She would have plenty of time to unpack her stuff and do some snooping around the next day after the staff meeting. When she returned from the bathroom, which had a nice standing shower and was clean to her liking, she walked to her new bed and lifted the covers to discover clean bedsheets, no doubt made by the house elves. She lit the small fireplace for warmth and after settling in, she drew the covers up to her neck and closed her eyes. As she fell deeper in her slumber, she couldn't help but wonder if she was now occupying the exact same spot her raven haired professor once had. A cold shiver went through her body at that thought. If you keep thinking about that kind of stuff you will never be able to sleep, you daft girl! Of course this is where he would have slept! Where else do you think he'd rather had laid his head? On the floor? She turned to lay on her side and squeezed her eyes shut tighter, as if shutting herself from her eerie thoughts. Of course there would be no way of doing that. The problem with having a brilliant brain was that there was no way of shutting it down. Ever. This was certainly going to be a long night for her. A/N Thank you for reading, I'd appreciate your thoughts on my story! Until next chapter!