she went to with her mum. He wonders how she really is. Her revelation on the walk into the village earlier this week was the closest she'd come to revealing anything. Harry has been a great help to him and seems to always detect the nights he sleeps poorly. Hermione, he knows, has nobody and it worries him that she hasn't written about it at all in her letters. That combined with the fact that she's instructed him not to mention magic too much makes him think her parents are still having a hard time adjusting. Summoning all his Gryffindor courage, he knocks on the door, hoping it will be Hermione who answers, but it's her father. He offers Ron a firm handshake and a warm smile, which Ron is grateful for, though he's not sure when to let go of his hand. Hermione and her mum are apparently still in the kitchen working on dinner. Mr. Granger's offer of a drink defuses the tension slightly, but Ron stammers over his reply, unsure whether to say yes or no. When Hermione finally enters with her mum and a plate full of starters, he's not sure what to do then either. He wants to embrace her and tell her how much he misses her, but he stays rooted to the sofa cushion and just offers a smile. It's Hermione who sits down next to him and kisses him softly on the lips. Her father says nothing, just looks down at his folded hands. Her mum tells Ron how good it is to see him and tells him to help himself to the food in front of them. He learns Hermione helped prepare most of it. "Hermione, showed me this wonderful way to grill the mushrooms," her mum beams. Ron obediently slides one onto a small plate. "Told me she learned it this year, while you were….you know, off and about and what have you." The dismissive way she refers to the last year is buried by the more important fact that Hermione has clearly talked to her parents about this year. "Yeah." Ron looks at the mushrooms and recalls how she'd experimented all the different ways to prepare them this year. "Cooks them right over the coals, right?" "With just a little bit of dill." Her mum smiles. Ron eats a mushroom and smiles back, thinking perhaps this dinner won't be as painful as he imagined. 24 June 98 The party is fun and festive. He knows his mum is eager for the celebration and trying her best to be excited for Ron, even though he can tell she's terrified. It's about the most dangerous profession he could choose and the fact that he's not even going through proper training unnerves her, he knows. Hermione seems unnerved too at how quickly they are thrusting him and Harry into the ranks of the Aurors. But she smiles and celebrates and beams proudly at him alongside his mum. He does his best to be excited too. He knows it's a tremendous opportunity and he wants to catch Death Eaters, especially Rookwood, but he's not as excited as Harry. Revenge is his major motivation, in fact. He knows Hermione knows it too. He's unsuccessful trying to steal private moments with her. The ground floor of the Burrow just doesn't have that many nooks and crannies where they can disappear. He wonders how Harry and Ginny manage it. Even when they do find themselves alone, all she wants to do is talk about the job. He understands, communicating by owl posts is frustrating and the delay makes any real conversation limited. Still these precious few minutes outside will be his only chance to feel her lips for at least another week. Beneath the summer moon, he presses her against the walls of the Burrow, hoping for just a few minutes alone before they're inevitably discovered by a family member. "So do you know what you're going to be doing exactly?" she inquires breathlessly, momentarily breaking apart. "Helping, I guess. That's all Kingsley said," he tries to dismiss and lean in for another kiss. "Helping?" Hermione frowns at the vague term that Ron knows doesn't sound like the Minister. "Assisting the Auror effort to secure all escaped Death Eaters," he clarifies with a bored sigh. "That sounds dangerous," she clucks, sounding like his mother. He gives her a look that reminds her of all the dangerous things they've done the last seven years. Still she frets over him an unusual amount while he works at her neck. He wonders if there's not a small part of her that wants to join him. She had been invited too, after all and he knows better than anyone that he and Harry aren't nearly as strong as people think they are without her. He's asked her to join him twice already. He knows if he were to ask a third time the answer would be the same. She has to be with her family. She's helping them rebuild their lives. This weekend they're going to visit cousins and grandparents she hasn't seen in well over a year. He knows she's nervous about it. She's excited because she knows she's supposed to be, but he can tell the thought of nearly a week with entirely non-magical family is stressful. She'll have to share a room and answer questions about the last year she hasn't even invented lies for yet. He's nervous for her. He knows she still doesn't sleep well and though she'll cover her arms, he knows the scars and the bandage she still wears will raise eyebrows. The noise inside the Burrow, not even his mum's raucous laughter, can hide the uncertainty both have about what looms ahead in the coming days for themselves and each other. A soft breeze causes a chill to run through her and he wraps his arms around her. She follows suit. For a few moments longer, they lose themselves in each other.