with the truth in ways that he couldn't understand, but given the magnitude of her secrets—like not telling her parents she was a witch—he could see how easy it was for a single lie to snowball into dozens more. "Does it matter, Lily?" Apparently, she took his words as further criticism. "You lie to your father all the time!" He gave her a flat look. "He's different." "He's a Muggle, you mean." "No, I lie because he's a right bastard," he shot back, and Lily gasped at his language. "Severus, you shouldn't say things like that about your father!" "And he shouldn't do half the things he does, but that never stops him, does it?" Lily stepped back, recognizing for the first time that he had become truly angry. "I'm sorry…" she began, but he cut her off. "Do you want to go to the fair or not?" "Yes…" With an effort, he curbed the outward signs of his temper. "And are you sure that we aren't going to get caught? Because if we do, I'm the one that's going to take the blame, not you." "I'm sure. Petunia can't tell, and you know that Mum always watches 'Corrie Street' and then falls asleep during that one boring show about the War. As long as we get home before my father at nine-thirty, we'll be fine." "Alright. Let's go before it starts raining." She stopped him with a cautious hand to his arm. "Severus… I wouldn't let you take all the blame." Her forlorn expression made him feel like a heel. "I know that," he told her with a sigh. "But it no one else would care whose idea it really was, Lily." "That's not fair," she said, a touch petulantly. "No, it's not," he agreed quietly, reflecting that he'd learned that painful lesson long ago. "Come on." They walked in silence together until they crested the ridge above the fair pitch. In the gloom of a late October night, the flashing, multi-coloured lights of the attractions and loud carnival music were especially jarring, and he could see her slow grin appear as the possibilities of the evening unfolded before them. "Thank you for taking me, Severus." "I still don't understand why you wanted to come so much," Severus grumbled, but he was inwardly pleased at her reaction. "It's not like it's as big as the spring fair. There aren't even any pony races…" She turned, slipping her cool hand in his. "Because… next year, it'll be different." He stared at her blankly. "We won't have a choice about going to the Halloween fair. We'll be at Hogwarts." "Yeah," he said slowly, the realisation of just how little time was left in Cokeworth suddenly hitting him, "we will be." And, oh, did he want to go! No more hiding his spell books. No more wondering if there would be enough food for the week, or what sort of mood his Da would be in. He'd be a wizard and finally learning magic properly. No longer a freak. He'd be a proud son of Slytherin, and with Lily at his side… But who's going to watch after Mum? His stomach tightened agonizingly at the thought. It wasn't the first time that particular worry had occurred to him. Her life would certainly be easier—she would only have to protect herself, for one thing—but there would be very little to stop her drinking. No one to make sure that she was eating, or properly taking care of herself… "Everything's just going to be so different, you know? And we'll be so far away…" He squeezed Lily's hand, trying to project confidence and ice out his own doubts; it wasn't like he could fix anything anyway. Everything would fall to shit, or it wouldn't. "Don't worry. It'll be better than all this Muggle rubbish. And anyway, things always change, yeah?" "Not everything," she replied stoutly. "We'll always be friends, won't we?" "Always," he told her fiercely, and meant it with every scrap of his being. Her smile when she looked at him was wide and full of pure joy. "Come on, then, you slow poke!" Tugging at his hand eagerly, she started to leg it for the entrance; all it took was her challenging laugh to turn it into a foot race over the abandoned sheep pasture. For the first twenty steps they ran in sync and then she had to dodge a large rock, which slowed her down considerably. Severus couldn't help but let out a wild whoop of triumph, streaking ahead of Lily. Feet pounding over the hard-packed earth, Severus inhaled deeply, feeling the weight of his worries drop away. The autumn air flowing over his body was heavy with rain, and cool enough that it almost felt like he was shooting through water like the missiles found in one of his comic books. Free..! Exhilaration pushed him ever forward, and he made it to the ticket counter first. Gasping, he turned and was just in time to catch Lily before she barrelled into him. "I… always…used… to win," she gasped, leaning her forehead against his shoulder as she tried to catch her breath. "You used to be taller than me, too," Severus answered smugly, chest heaving with the effort. Pulling half the coins from his pocket, he slid them through the window towards the clerk. "Tokens. Loads and loads of tokens, please." The woman in the kiosk laughed, passing over a satisfyingly thick stack of red fair chips. "As speedy as you both are, I do believe it'll still take you some time to work through all this." "Thank you!" Lily chirped, and they made a mad dash for the rides. "What do you reckon?" Severus asked, anticipation thrumming through his blood as he took in the wonderful multiplicity of their choices. Lily gave him a saucy grin. "Dodgems!" they shouted at the same time. "Bagsies on the green car," Lily yelled, pushing past him. "Not if I get there first…!"