door shut and they heard it lock. "Well I wasn't expecting that", Remus commented. "Me either", Tonks shrugged," Let's make it blue." Tonks waved her wand and his bedding had changed to a deep, royal blue. "Hermione, would you mind waiting outside for him until he's ready?" "Of course", Hermione nodded. They walked out of his room and Hermione shut the door. She leaned against the wall and could hear his shower turning on. She watched as Sirius led Draco down to his room and they opened the door. He was going to be a lot of work. She was going to see if someone else was going to be handling him. Blaise however has surprised her. He was already showing disgust and hatred towards his own house. How he didn't want anything green in his room. Maybe changing the way he was brought up to think would be easier than she though. She at least prayed that it would. Draco looked around his new room and could feel the knots in his stomach. He hated this. He wanted to go home. Be in his own room, in his own house. His parents didn't even know he was here. They probably thought he was dead somewhere in a ditch. He looked at his bathroom with longing. It had been far to long since he took a shower. He shed his clothes as he walked to the bathroom. He was gonna let the warm water envelop him. "There you are", Tonks smiled at Draco as he walked downstairs. His hair was brushed back from his shower. His hair was longer now from lack of a haircut, his hair well past his ears. He was wearing a black jumper that clashed with pale skin and he was wearing dark grey pants with thick wool socks. Blaise was nowhere to be seen and neither was Hermione. "They will be down soon probably", Tonks smiled at him. "I don't know what you are talking about", Draco glared at her. "Care to take a seat?" she pointed at a chair," Lunch is ready." "What is it?" he asked, not sitting down yet. "Chicken soup", she told him," It's nice and warm." Draco didn't want to sit. He didn't want to eat her food and take her charity, but he did. He was starving and his stomach betrayed him. He sat down and was more than eager to eat her food. Tonks placed a rather large bowl in front of filled to the top of soup and placed a large bread roll next to him. "Don't eat too fast or else you'll get sick", she told him and placed water next to him. She sat across from him and watched him eat. "How's your mother?" Tonks asked with curiosity. "She's fine", he frowned at his soup," Why?" "Well she is my aunt", Tonks shrugged," I just hope she is doing okay." "Do you care how Bellatrix is doing?" Draco quirked his eyebrow at her. She looked at him and smirked," Smartass." Draco sneered at her," Well don't preach about caring about family when you pick and choose." "I care about the family members who don't kill people for sport", she retorted. "Only kill those who deserve to be killed", he snapped back. "Now I know you don't mean that", Tonks looked at him," You believe every person they have killed deserved it?" He looked at her, biting the inside of his lip, not answering for awhile. "Yes", he finally broke the silence. "You don't look me in the eye when you say that", she noted. "Believe what you want, but I'm not going to change", he made sure to look her in the eye. "We'll see about that", she smirked at him," You forget you share my blood too." Hermione was leaning against the wall next to Blaises door, arms crossed and chewing on her thumbnail when she finally heard his door open. "Fuck!" he jumped when he saw her," Could you not do that?" "I'm sorry", Hermione straightened up," I was just waiting for you." "Why?" his eyebrow knit together. "Just to escort you downstairs for lunch and show you around", Hermione shrugged," I mean, I can't expect you to know where everything is." "Well I don't know everything in this house", Blaise noted," But I do know where the dining room and kitchen is. You guys showed it to us, remember?" Hermione's mouth set in a line as she pondered what he said," I suppose so." Blaise smirked with triumph and Hermione took note of how attractive he was. He had cleaned himself up and had changed into clean clothes. He had brushed his dark brown hair back from his eyes which were a deep, rich chocolate color. He had long brown eyelashes that made his eyes pop even more. He had a sharp nose and a strong jawline. He had fairly full lips that pouted when he frowned. He was wearing a white jumper that contrasted beautifully with his dark complexion that he had paired with black trousers. "What?" Blaise frowned at her. "Oh uh- nothing", Hermione shook her head," Lost my train of thought." "Aren't you Gryffindors supposed to be smart?" he scoffed. "Aren't you Slytherins suppose to be cunning?" she retorted. He smirked and looked away," Yeah, I suppose so." "So are you ready to go downstairs?" Hermione asked, eager to go downstairs. "Is he down there?" Blaise looked towards Draco's bedroom door. "Malfoy? Yes, he passed me earlier", Hermione told him, remembering the terrible look Draco had given her. "Then no thank you", Blaise walked into his room again," I'll wait until he is gone." Hermione was about to pry but she was cut off when Blaise shut the door in her face. Hermione sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose. This job never got easier and it sure as hell wasn't going to start getting easy now. So there it is! Let me know what you thought. xoxo