was against his principles. He would rather go hungry for days than to take someone's hard earned money without their permission. Instead, he scoured the streets for abandoned money and searched dumpsters for thrown out food. Sometimes, if he was lucky, he would spot a person throwing away food after finishing his or her meal and he would be able to retrieve it from the garbage before insects contaminated it. No matter how stale, moldy, or unhealthy the food was, he had to make due with what he was able to get his hands on, which meant that he was unknowingly severely malnourished and extremely underweight for his age and height. He barely noticed this, however, because his many-sizes-too-big baggy and worn clothes that he had found in an abandoned building when he first wound up on the streets covered up most of his gaunt and emaciated look. Nights were spent sleeping in abandoned buildings, park benches, or dumpsters. Often, he was able to stay in an abandoned building for weeks at a time until someone discovered his presence and ran him off. When he could not find an abandoned building to seek shelter in, he often slept on park benches. Ultimately, he found that sleeping in dumpsters during the winter time was a much more preferred method of keeping warm than sleeping on park benches in the bitter cold, as long as he was able to make it out of the dumpster prior to the next day's scheduled trash pickup. He'd had an unfortunate close call once. Luckily, the trash compactor unexpectedly froze and jammed prior to actually emptying the dumpster's contents (and Harry) into the truck (another strange occurrence that he couldn't explain) and since then, he made sure to memorize the trash pickup schedule for each dumpster he slept in. He spent most of his time doing his best to go unnoticed, which wasn't too difficult when he made his way through busy crowds and jammed-pack streets. He always kept his head down, eyes lowered to the ground, refused to look anyone in the eye, and never spoke to adults. He learned that for the most part, if he did not return people's concerned gazes and did not engage in any form of conversation, they would leave him alone. Of course, there had been a few close calls in which people had called the authorities on him, but Harry always managed to escape. Years of running from Dudley and his gang had given him ample practice. No, he wouldn't choose to live this lifestyle, but it was either this or life with the Dursleys, and he refused to go back to that old life. He had barely survived living with them. No, he couldn't go back. For him, there was no turning back. Harry blinked his bleary eyes several times, realizing he had dozed off while lying on the bathroom floor. Inwardly scolding himself wasting away even more time that he could have been out looking for food, he slowly got his feet and returned to the main room on the second floor. He took a few steps towards his many-sizes-too-small shoes that were lying on the floor when a noise from behind him caused him to freeze on the spot. "Hey, kid!" a man's voice shouted from the doorway. Harry's eyes immediately widened in fear as he realized he had been spotted by a middle-aged police officer. Harry cursed under his breath. Typically, he would be safe staying in abandoned buildings during the night, as police didn't often check them in the darkness. During the daylight hours, however, it was a different story. He had slept in too late and was now caught. Forcing himself to forget how dreadfully awful he felt at the moment, adrenaline and a sudden burst of energy that he could not explain overcame him as he grabbed his raggedy old school bag that carried all of his possessions and ran as fast as he could in the opposite direction, inadvertently leaving behind his shoes in the process. The only window in the room somehow exploded into thousands of tiny pieces of shattered glass, but that did not stop Harry. He dove through it and landed quite painfully hard on the concrete below, rolling on the ground several times before coming to a stop. Brushing off the sharp shards of glass, many of which were now embedded in his face, back, chest, arms, and hands, he jumped to his bare feet and took off down the busy street, ignoring the shouts of the police officer. Harry ran down street after street, spectacularly amazed that he somehow suddenly had the power to remain on his feet, and turned down multiple alleys in an attempt to lose the police officer that had chosen to chase after him. After several minutes of running, he found a dark alleyway to turn down. He immediately hid behind a large dumpster and breathed a huge sigh of relief when the officer ran past him and disappeared out of sight. He was safe. For now. As the adrenaline quickly wore off, Harry recognized just how tired he really was after all of the unexpected and miraculous running. His eyelids were quickly becoming heavy and difficult to keep open. His limbs felt like lead. His labored and short breathing was causing him to become dizzy and disoriented. He needed to rest, quickly. He tried to get to his feet in an effort to find someplace safe to hide in, but he quickly lost his balance and fell backwards against the brick wall that he had been leaning against. He was too weak to stand, let alone move. Resigning himself to his ill fate, he slowly crawled under several cardboard boxes stacked hazardously against the dumpster to hide himself from view. As he laid his head down on the cold ground, relishing in the cool touch to his face, his exhaustion quickly caught up with him. He was asleep within seconds.