wouldn't know. I changed my middle name from Tobias to Avoidance twenty-two years ago." "Vitatio, I think…" He pulled back slightly, peering down at her with a quizzical brow. "Pardon me?" "Your middle name would be Vitatio. If you went for the Latin, of course; I can't think of what avoidance would be in Gaelic or German at the moment. Severus Vitatio Snape. It works, you know. Sounds very Roman." "Mad woman." His chin rested on the top of her head, a tender benediction. "Any idea who the Patron Saint of Ostriches is? If you get to change your middle name, then I should be able to give myself one." "Not a bloody clue." The words were a pleasant rumble under her ear. "Why ostriches?" "Seems appropriate, given my life-long affinity for burying my head in the sand." He tipped her chin back with deft fingers. "Stop that. The guilt ends now. We can't change the past, either of us. The only way is forward." Black met emerald for a charged instant, decades of history flashing between them. "I can't do this alone, Minerva. I'm reaching out." Minerva knotted one hand about his and brought it up to his heart, emotion making it difficult to speak. "I'm here, and I'm not letting go." His eyes became suspiciously moist. "Good. Because I'm not letting go, either." Allowing her head fall back to his shoulder, Minerva took a wobbly breath in; she felt like a battered survivor from a shipwreck as the boisterous sound of the Castle bells suddenly washed over them. I am no longer alone in this… whatever 'this' may be. Or whatever it might bring, for that matter… "Gods, but I'm exhausted," she said, sagging boneless in his arms. "As you should be…" Carefully, he led her back to her chair, making sure that she was properly settled before dragging his within reach. Keen gaze travelling to the door, Severus stroked his chin thoughtfully. "Who do suppose it'll be?" "Not Filius. He wanted to retire at the end of the year. Perhaps Vector if she plays her cards right; McMurry has a chance. Longbottom," she told him with a faint smile. "…is a long shot, but he is popular amongst the Board." "At the risk of granting a pig wings, I must admit that I hope its Longbottom." The answer was unexpected, and she shot him a quizzical glance. "Why?" "Because." He crossed his arms, looking a tad petulant. "Because you think that Hogwarts needs to become the pre-eminent Herbology institute in the world? Or because the school needs yet another Gryffindor Headmaster?" she queried with a smirk. "Because," he intoned, only mildly irritated. "…Hogwarts needs someone young. Someone who is living in the present, and is also looking forward to the future. Neither of us were, Minerva, and the same holds true for Vector. The war hasn't ended for us, and it never will. Longbottom… he knows the worst of it, but he still has much to live for." "I agree." He rolled his eyes. "Oh, huzzah." The low reverberation of the outer stairs springing to life interrupted the banter, and they both turned their attention towards the heavy door. Without looking at her, Severus stuck his hand out; Minerva blindly clutched at it. Please, please, please! she prayed, unable to put any further words towards the unspoken wish. After an excruciating wait, the sixty-third Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizarding walked into his new office. It was Neville Longbottom. Minerva felt herself go weak-kneed with relief; he wouldn't dismiss her life's work, and indeed, would build upon it. He was the best possible choice, really. Neville's warm and generous eyes met hers, sorrow painting his features. "Minerva. As happy as I am to see you, I can't help but wish you were sitting behind that desk, and not above it." She smiled, tears rolling down her face again. "I feel the same, I assure you. Congratulations, Headmaster Longbottom." Severus leaned forward, and the movement caught Longbottom's attention. His face went blank with astonishment as he recognized the figure half-hidden in the shadows of Minerva's portrait. "Headmaster Snape. It is an unexpected honour to find you in this office, as well." "Is it?" Severus asked, question scrupulously neutral. "Yes," Neville said with heartfelt sincerity. "You saved us all, and I would be privileged to hear your counsel, should you see fit to give it." "We'll see how you feel about that in three months time," Severus grumbled, but Minerva thought he sounded pleased. "Have you given thought to your Deputy, Neville?" "Ah, yes… actually, that's what took me so long to come up here. I've already asked her, and she's accepted." "Who?" "Tracey Davis." Severus gave him an arch look. "A Slytherin Deputy, Headmaster Longbottom?" "The best person for the job, sir." His grin became cheeky. "Note that I said person, Minerva, not woman." "I did pick up on that, yes," she said dryly, as the rest of the Headmasters and Headmistresses filed back into their portraits. Turning to Minerva, Severus gave her a considering look. "Did you touch the bottle that I left?" She shook her head. "I never found something sweet enough to warrant breaking the seal." His mouth thinned at that. "It'll be well-aged, at least… Longbottom- your first task as Headmaster is to open up the bottom right-hand drawer of the desk and have a drink on us." Amused, Longbottom did as ordered, pouring himself a healthy measure of whiskey. Holding it up to the two professors in the portrait, he saluted them. "I hope to live up to your high standards, and can serve the Castle with as much dedication and fortitude as you both demonstrated." Severus shook his head, giving Minerva's hand a comforting squeeze as he did so. "No, Headmaster Longbottom. You'll do it better." A/N- Special thanks to Lolly, who beta'd. Without her support and encouragement, I would have settled for something that I was quite unhappy with.