the magic is non-negotiable. It's too important." "I can see that," the construct said, stepping closer to her avatar with undisguised curiosity lighting fires in its eyes. "I want to know why ." She stepped back, frowning at it. "I don't—" "I'll make it easy for you," the jewel said bluntly. "Give me access to your memories. I want to know exactly what brought you to this web you seem to be weaving. I want to know what your plans are. If I'm going to be stuck in your head forever, I ought to have some understanding of what your life entails. It sounds fascinating , I must say." It said the last with a slow, relishing smile. She pressed her lips together and thought it over. The jewel was basically asking for all of her secrets. Her ingrained instincts said no no no , but her rationality had to point out that there was nothing the construct could do with her secrets. It was literally confined to her own head. Not to mention bound to act in a way that was in her best interests, even if it did sometimes stretch those interests to include things that suited it, like 'conserving magic for emergencies.' She could command it never to reveal her secrets, and it would have to obey. There was also the possibility that it would be much easier to deal with if it knew why she asked it to do certain things. The jewel seemed self-serving in most things, so why shouldn't she turn that to her advantage by showing it how precarious her situation was? Once it understood that a single mistake could land her—and by extension it—in Azkaban forever, it might be a little more leery of distracting her unnecessarily. "I'll make this place into a fortress," the construct said idly. She noted that it must be dying of curiosity if it was willing to stoop to cajoling enticements. "No one will ever be able to break through all the defenses I erect. I'll drive any intruders mad before they even realize they've stumbled into something above their pay grade." "You sound very confident you can pull this off," she remarked, still thinking it over. "Driven a lot of people insane?" The smile on the construct's face was not at all reassuring. "Only when they've failed me. If you're wondering if I'll do the same to you—don't. You passed the test already. You've proven your worth as a host. I could wish for a little more ambition , but your control certainly doesn't leave anything to be desired. Your willpower alone will take us far." She wanted to say something contrary like 'No it wont,' but she was aware that breaking off into tangents was the last thing that would allow them to progress in this wearisome conversation. "Tell you what," she said eventually. "I'll give you access to some of my memories—only the ones pertaining to the ruse. My personal life is none of your business." "It's a start," the construct said, looking incredibly anticipatory. "Can I view them now?" "Not now," she said, shaking her head. "I'll set aside some time later this week and go through them with you." "I know how to access a memory orb—" "And I know you're a nosy hunk of corundum," she snapped. "No, you won't be rifling through my space room on your own. I will make time soon and give you access to the ones with information you'll need to conduct yourself usefully on my behalf. You will not have access to them once viewed and at no time will you attempt to interfere with or influence any aspect of my manifestations." "Fine." The jewel sniffed. "It seems we have an accord." "I won't forgive any mistakes after this," she warned it seriously. "I do think you can be a useful addition to my mindscape, but if you prove yourself to be detrimental to my plans I will build a mental box and put you in it, then bury it so far under my mountain that even I won't be able to dig you out again. Understood?" "You won't be disappointed with my work," the construct assured her silkily. She gave it a last, measuring look before turning away from the mountain and allowing her consciousness to slip toward the mists at its periphery. As she was fading back to reality, she heard a voice whisper softly, "Don't stay away too long." She shuddered upon awaking on the floor of her lab. It was a sad state of affairs when she felt off-balance in her own mind. Still, if she could succeed in making the jewel invested in the outcome of her artifice, she would have a valuable weapon up her sleeve. That the weapon had the potential to be double-edged only meant she had to treat it very, very carefully. Harry was no stranger to handling things with care. She cracked her neck deftly as she removed the stasis charm over her cauldron and smoothly picked up stirring where she'd left off no telling how many hours before. She smiled a little as some part of her recognized automatically exactly what she had to do next. It was so nice when things proceeded precisely according to plan. -0—0—0 -0—0 -0 [end of chapter one]. A/N: Here we are again, faithful readers. As some of you may have guessed, following the pattern of books so far as alternating between a major Alanna plot line and a major HP arc, this book will give a bow to the Triwizard Tournament. It may not be quite the tournament you're used to, though, so try to keep an open mind. Thanks again to everyone who's made it this far. Your support and feedback make the writing process so dynamic; sometimes I forget I'm writing fiction and feel instead that I'm merely relaying the inevitable conclusion to all my readers' hopes and suppositions. All the very best, -Violet Matter