sorry for making you worry. It seems you wern't that worried though as I can see you were spending your time looking at that blond haired girl sitting alone over there" His eyes grew huge as he looked over at his brothers, both of which looked like they were about to burst into laughter. Lawerence turned around to face his sister, a blush creeping up his neck as he was met with a smile from the little Youngblood. "Anyways, I heard you tell Adam something, what was it?" Adam composed himself, answered instead of Delicia "She wanted to go to a building down the street, I hear it's busy. Shall we go?" Adam looked around at his siblings, awaiting an answer "I don't see whats so wrong about the idea, I'm in" Rahpaël answered, finally speaking up "I'm in" Adam soon answered "Well I guess, let's go" Delicia couldn't help the smile that came onto her face, it was just in the moment. She grabbed her brothers hand and started dragging him towards the building. Adam and Raphaël soon followed. They made there way towards the building, cars pulling up in lots, little kids grabbing parents hands and dragging them into the building. They relised that the building they were headimg to was a zoo The more they got closer, the more excited they all got. They finally got to it, and started walking pass booths and many familys Delicia noticed a family that looked quite normal, a man who was abnormally large was buying ice cream for a little boy, who was as large as the man and a ugly looking boy. The woman standing near them had a neck that reminded Delicia of a horse. She was not the nicest looking lady, the youngest Youngblood thought to herself There was also another boy, around the dame age as her, black ruly hair that stuck up everywhere, green piercing eyes that had a look of sadness on them, but also wonderment. He had some kind of mark on his forehead which she couldn't make out. He was the only one who didn't get ice cream. That is until the lady asked. Delicia's hand got tugged on by her brothers which made her move on from the family and into the building. They spent most of the time walking around, looking at animals, eating at the zoo resturant like normal people. Something they have never done. Delicia wanted to go into the reptilr house. She has always had a liking to snakes Raphaël decided to take her while the others wanted to go somewhere else He took her hand and lead her towards the building. It was cool and dark in there, there was lit windows all along the walls. Behind the glass, there was all types of lizards and snakes. They were crawling and slithering over bits and pieces of wood and stone. Delicia looked around at all the exhibits, wondering what one she should go to first. She noticed the family she saw before, at the ice cream stand. They were looking at a very large snake, one of the boys had his nose up at the window. Delicia heard what they were saying from where she was standing. "Make it move!" The cubby boy yelled at his father The older man tapped on the window, but it seems from here, the snake did not move. "Do it again!" He yelled again, making Delicia roll her eyes at him. 'How rude' "This is boring" The boy started making his way to another exhibit, his parents and friend follow suite. All but the green eye boy. He moved infront of the tank, looking into it. Delicia decided to head over there to. He seemed nice. As she made her way over there, she noticed the snake lift his head to eye level of the boy. She grabbed the railing that was infront of the tank and looked at the boy. He turned around in surprise, must of thought it was his family again. He relaxed and turned fully towards her, forgetting about the snake for a second. "Hello there, I couldn't help but notice that the snake reacted to you. It's amazing" Delicia started, she needed something to start a conversation. "Hi, um. Did you notice that?" The boy asked her, giving her a wide eye look "Excuse me, but what should I have noticed?" She answered looking confused "Did you see that snake wink when you came up here?" He asked. She gave him a weird look, then burst out laughing "Uh, I'm pretty sure that snakes can't blink Uh..." She said while her laughing slowly dying down, realising she didn't know his name "Oh sorry, My names Harry, Harry Potter, and you?" He answered. Harry huh? "Youngblood, Delicia Youngblood. Anyways, to answer your question no, I didn't see a snake 'blink'" She did air quotes empathizing how odd that question sounded. "Now that I think of it, it was an odd question. I'm sorry?" Harry scratched the back of his head. "No it's ok. Anyways, what made you come to this snake?" Delicia asked, looking at Harry " It was my family who wanted to come here, that was my cousin who just walked away" He responded "I see, well Harry I hope we can meet again soon, this snake seems to really like you" Delicia winked, her red eyes piercing his green ones. Delicia turned around, her dress swishing with every step she took, as she made her way towards her brother. 'Where did I hear that name before?' Harry thought to himself. He knows that he has heard the name Youngblood from somewhere, maybe from his uncle. Who knows The biggest question that floated into his head was an odd one. 'Why is she wearing a dress from the 1800s?' Harry turned towards the snake, who was acting like he understood there entire conversation. Harry made eye contact with it. He gave a wink back.