not the first time she was wrong today. "Foldort, right?" Béatrice said, with too much surety. "No, I think you mean Maldenord," the dark-haired witch responded. "Voldemort," Sébastien corrected, smiling at Hermione as he said it. "That's it. I knew it was something stupid." "Leave it to the Anglophone to sully the French language," the dark-haired witch said. However when she looked at Hermione, she quickly added, "No offense." Béatrice looked at Hermione with wide eyes, "I'm sorry if we're making light of a dark part of your past." "No, it's fine," Hermione said, keeping her face even, "he disappeared when I was too young to understand and only returned after I had graduated from Hogwarts and moved to the United States." "Did you ever meet the boy who survived, then? Harold Porter?" the dark-haired witch inquired, not looking up from her wine glass. "He was a couple of years behind me, but I didn't know him, no." Hermione knew her years of stress and antics with the Time-Turner lent credence to the idea that she was older than Harry. "That's enough questions, Phœbé. She's clearly uncomfortable," Béatrice said, giving Hermione an apologetic glance. "No, it's fine, really," Hermione said, probably smiling much too broadly. "You haven't even been properly introduced and you're already harassing the poor woman! Jean, this is Phœbé Laurier. She's teaches History of Magic. As you can tell, she's quite bad at modern history." "Recent events haven't even been added to the textbooks yet! What do you expect?" Phœbé said, pouring herself more wine. After they had finished eating, Hermione had to stick around to be introduced to all of the professors and their myriad of subjects. Beauxbâtons offered more courses than Hogwarts, including, classes in wand making and lore, the classical languages, and economics. Not to mention the variety of electives from the physical-archery and ballet, to the artistic-oil painting and sculpture. "Jean, this is the professor I was telling you about, Professor Rogue," Béatrice said, practically dragging Hermione over to Snape. "He's going to be your partner in knowledge!" "Indeed," Snape said, in a not unfriendly manner. "And what other subject do you teach, Professor Rogue?" Hermione asked, mimicking his polite tone. "German," he responded. Hermione was unsure how to respond. She felt like she was missing the joke. While she had already met the professors for Potions and Defense, his preferred subjects, she knew the man was capable in many other magical fields. At least she assumed he was. Then again, his knowledge of German would fit with his supposed Durmstrang education. Viktor had told Hermione a bit about the school and that German was the chosen lingua franca. "Jean, where has your mind wandered off to? Professor Rogue just asked you a question!" "Huh?" Hermione said, her eyes refocusing onto her conversation partners. "Oh, sorry. What were you saying?" "How are you finding our school so far?" Snape asked, without a trace of annoyance in his voice. "It's lovely. And everyone here has been so accommodating and welcoming." "I would expect nothing less from my esteemed colleagues." Béatrice giggled beside Hermione. Meanwhile Hermione herself was looking around the room, desperate to find someone else for the blonde witch to introduce herself to. "Your French is nearly flawless, Professor Gray, but do I detect a bit of an accent?" "She's from England!" Béatrice blurted out. "But you've spent considerable time in the United States, isn't that right?" Hermione nodded, content to have her companion answer for her from now on. "America? How interesting. What did you do there?" Snape asked, to her chagrin. Cursing herself for not fleshing out her "Jean" backstory more, Hermione went with the only idea she had. "I was a student. At Harvard," she said with as much conviction as she could muster. "Harvard, eh? I did not realize I was in the presence of a genius. What did you study?" Snape asked, arching a brow. "English," Hermione ad-libbed. "How silly of me. Why would I expect an English teacher to have studied anything else?" Snape paused and gave her a pointed look. "Forgive my curiosity, but what did you do after you finished your degree? Presuming you did, of course." "I came here." "It took you eight years to get your degree?" Béatrice interjected, more curious than judgmental. "Well, you see, I didn't just get what is known in the American Muggle world as a 'bachelor's' but also a 'master's' and a 'PhD.'" "You got your PhD from Harvard and you're teaching English to magical children in France?" Snape was apparently amused because he was grinning, a rare sight. "Yes, well you know what they say about English majors." Béatrice, clearly lost by all this talk of the Muggle higher education system, said, "No. What do they say?" Hermione was about to explain the joke to her colleague, when Snape interrupted. "I don't want to take up anymore of your precious time, ladies." He turned to Hermione. "It was nice to meet you, Dr. Gray." While Hermione was pleased that interaction was over, Béatrice seemed positively giddy. "I told you he was nice. Although he seemed especially friendly today," the blonde said with an exaggerated wink. "What are you implying?" Hermione asked, fearing the other woman's response. "He likes you!" "Don't be silly. Men can be friendly without it meaning anything more." "Oh, how do you know? Are you a master of legilimency or something?" "No, just trust me." "Well, don't forget you'll be working together all year, so that will allow plenty of time for this," Beatrice said, pointing between Hermione and Snape's disappearing figure. Hermione, however, did not need reminding. A/N: In this universe, Voldemort wasn't seen as much of a threat in France, so less people knew about him. I mean did JK ever talk about Voldy and France? No? Ergo, no one really knew what was going on in the UK. Let me know how dumb that sounds in the comment section down below.