placed on fire. The hall was filled with aroma of many spices and under preparation food. The moment they entered, six house-elves pushed and dragged them to one of the four long tables and sat them. Dobby appeared a moment later wearing ridiculously colourful socks that can put a hippy to shame. He was also wearing a scarf and some hats, his bat like ears were pointed sideward due to the hats. He had the most contagious smile and the excitement of a child in a toy store, he was literally dancing with excitement. "What can dobby do for Mr. Harry Potter Sir and Ms. Grangy?" Dobby asked with bubbling excitement. "Merry Christmas my friend!" Harry leaned forward and hugged the free elf, he released him and handed him the pair of socks he had bought for him, Hermione followed the suit. This show of affection brought happy tears to the fore for the elf. "Dobby is Harry Potter's friend?" He asked, his eyes filled with gratitude, Harry just nodded and smiled. "Harry Potter is great wizard, you too Ms. Grangy. Dobby bring cake for his friends." Dobby ran towards the other end and passed through a door. He returned with a big cake that could feed four people. Harry and Hermione were both full with the breakfast they had a few minutes ago, and they did not want to refuse Dobby so they asked him to pack the cake which the elf did without any hesitation. Before they rose to leave, they saw an elf lying by the fireplace in blue frock and a pointy hat. A few empty glass bottles were rolling around the elf, Hermione looked towards Dobby with a questioning look. "Miss, its Winky, her master freed her, Winky don't like being free. She is sad so she drinks." He answered with a morose expression. They remembered the name, hell, the incident was etched into their memory as if it was yesterday. "Miss, she wants a family. Winky losing her magic. She don't want to live without family." Hermione looked at Harry for any solution, he was a bit surprised that she was expecting him to provide a solution. An idea struck him. "Dobby, get Winky sobered up and ask her to go to Mrs. Weasley. I think they both will be able to help each other." Harry instructed the little elf who nodded his head very enthusiastically. Harry saw that Hermione was looking at him with a questioning look. "Don't worry, Hermione, I will pay her allowance and I will write a letter to Mrs. Weasley in the afternoon to explain everything." They said their goodbyes to the elf, picked up the cake and left the kitchen to visit Hagrid. It was a pleasant morning at Hagrid's; between tea, cake and Hagrid's rock muffins they spoke about everything at length. They shared stories and talked about the first task in particular and dragons in general. They bid their farewells before lunch and went to the common room. Harry wanted to pick up Susan's gift so he can give it himself after lunch. It was just after lunch when Harry asked Susan to step out of great hall so they can talk in private. They stepped into a corridor which was empty except for a few students walking towards their destination. Harry extracted a flat rectangular velvet box which was similar to Hermione's and passed it to Susan. "Happy Christmas Susan." He kissed the edge of her mouth, his smile reaching his eyes. "Oh Harry, it's beautiful." She answered with a broad smile tugging at her lips, threatening to split the face in two. "Someone is trying to get into my good graces, what are your intentions?" She asked with a mischievous smile and wiggling eyebrows. Harry turned beet red and did a brilliant impression of goldfish. "Just kidding, I like it Potter. Want to go for a walk?" Harry agreed but before they started walking, Susan turned around so Harry could tie the locket around her neck. The pendant landed just above her ample bosom, accentuating her beauty. Harry signalled Hermione from the double doors of the great hall that he would be outside. They were back to the spot near the shore of the lake. Their afternoon was spent making snowman and snow fairies. They indulged in a snow fight which concluded with Harry getting hit in the face with a snowball. Susan doubled over laughing, Harry joined in laughter once he cleared the snow from his face. It took five minutes before their laughter subsided, it was four in the afternoon and they started walking towards the castle. "I won!" Susan chimed, raising her hands in the air in a victorious gesture. "That was a lucky hit." Harry replied, looking a bit sheepish. "Aww, you will get lucky next time." She replied while making a baby face. She than started laughing and truth be told, her laughter was really infectious. -X-X- Harry-Hermione were sitting in the common room, this time at a corner table. Their gifts were on the table and they were in the process of opening them one by one. Harry received a Weasley jumper Mrs. Weasley, it was emerald green with a red dragon on the front. His muggle relatives had sent him used shoelaces, he just floated them in to the fire at the fireplace. Dobby had given him a pair of mismatched socks, one was maroon with a golden snitch on it, the second was violet with a white owl on it. There was a brown cardboard box also which was delivered by the florist this morning, it had the blue lily corsage and a lapel pin flower. The duo went their separate ways a few minutes before half past five to get ready for the big evening. It wouldn't do to be late for the opening dance. A/N: Here it is. One possible scenario which will lead to completely different circumstances. Hope you like it. Please Review.