now creeping into his bright green eyes. "Nothing in particular," I replied nonchalantly- it was the truth. I just wanted to be around him and hear his voice. "Brought food though," I told him, grinning and holding up the bag Hookey had given me. He returned my grin and sprung into a sitting position, grabbing the bag and peering into it eagerly. "Aw yes," he said, reaching in and grabbing a sausage roll, before proceeding to stuff the whole thing in his mouth. "My favourite," he told me around the pastry. "You're disgusting," I complained, reaching over and taking the bag back. I got myself a pork pie and ate it heartily. We did talk about nothing in particular- like I had said. We avoided talk of our impending marriages and spoke instead of quidditch, N.E. , and what we wanted to do after Hogwarts career-wise. See, our older cousins had had it all sorted out very early on in their lives. Teddy had always loved dragons, he was obsessed with them when he was little. Now he worked with Uncle Charlie as a dragonologist. They travelled the world with a group of experts, discovering new species' and looking after existing ones. Victoire had always wanted to go into fashion- and now she was. She worked with the best magical designers- creating dresses made up of 'butterflies' that flutter and dance, for example . Really, it was thousands of tiny butterfly-shaped bits of material. Charmed to move like the real thing. When I was younger I had thought she was throwing away all her magical talent by going into fashion. She had always been a talented witch- and I had thought fashion magic was easy. It wasn't- it required really advanced charms- Vic did it beautifully. Molly had been writing contracts and 'business deals' since before she could spell. Aunt Audrey once told me that Molly had made Lucy sign a contract saying that Molly would get her share of ice-cream, in return for lending her a doll. Lucy was two at the time, and Molly was eight. Now she was working for the Minster for Magic, Kingsley Shaklebolt. His right-hand man- so to speak. Working weekends and weeknights. She was always on duty, but it seemed to be paying off. Some people even said she could be heading for Minister after Shacklebolt. Then there was Fred and James- they'd been helping out at the Weasley joke shop for as long as I could remember. Now they were helping to manage it along with dad and Uncle George. Apparently, James came out of the womb laughing, and Aunt Angelina told me that Fred's first sign of magic was turning a five-year-old Roxanne's doll into a jack-in-the-box that popped out and made her scream so loud the neighbours came over to see what was happening. On the subject of Roxy- she had only graduated last year, but was already on the reserves for the Holyhead Harpies. We were proud of her, of course- but this was no surprise either. She'd been a skilled quidditch player since she had got her first broom at seven. She was a beater- and had once hit a bludger so hard it had travelled into the stands, knocking out a Slytherin boy in her year. She had claimed it was an accident, but I had heard rumours that she had caught that particular boy snogging a girl in a broom cupboard when he and Roxy were supposed to be having a midnight meet up on the astronomy tower. So yeah, those were the cousins that had gone before us- every single one of them had dived straight out of school and into successful careers. And whilst I had been doing the best out of all of them academically (save perhaps Molly) I had no idea what to do after I left Hogwarts. And neither did Al. "I'll probably just get some boring office job at the ministry and stay there for the rest of my life," Al said, indifferently. "A shit love life and a shit career, that's what's waiting for me after Hogwarts." "No," I replied, shaking my head. "You're going to do something exciting with your life, I can tell." I tried to sound as genuine as possible- I really did believe it. "Oh, so you can see my future now?" He chuckled, "I thought you hated divination. You called it, what did you say again? 'Imprecise codswallop that only human experiments in artificial stupidity would believe, let alone study,' were the exact words you used, I believe." I blushed, remembering the day I had said those words... to Professor Trelawney's face; in the middle of a divination lesson; before walking out. "And you weren't finished either," Al said, chuckling at the memory. "You kept going. What was it? 'This class is a few clowns short of a circus and-'" "dumber than a soup sandwich." I finished, laughing now. "I remember. I stormed out after I said that. I will never forget the look on Trelawney's face. She hardly even looked surprised." "She's never surprised. She sees everything before it happens in her mAgIc CrYsTaL bAlL." He spoke, moving his hands in exaggerated flourishes around an imaginary floating orb above him. "Stop," I laughed, hitting him lightly on the arm. "How do you even remember what I said anyway. That was four years ago, but you can still say it word for word?" "Oh, believe me, I am never letting myself forget that. I recite it to myself every night when I fall asleep- just to ensure I remember it until I die." He joked, chuckling. I laughed with him, before scoffing another sausage roll and closing my eyes. That's how we fell asleep. A/N: Hope you liked the first Chapter! I know it's off to a bit of a slow start, but hopefully it should speed up soon. Leave a review if you enjoyed- or for constructive criticism, both help me to write!