buried his hands into his pockets. "Are you sure you can't rule it as a natural death, though?" "Three healthy people don't just drop dead together in one night, you know that," he said, sighing. "But there's not enough evidence to rule it as an accident or a murder either." The man looked at the corpses once again, furrowing his brows and approaching Tom Riddle's body. "What's wrong?" asked David. "It's just…" Feliks reached the corpse's right hand, rubbing his fingers against it and trying to clean a faint bluish stain on his cold skin. The stain spread on the man's skin as his fingers brushed it, looking almost like wet paint, before finally fading. "Riddle was a painter, right?" "From what we gathered, he did paint and draw occasionally." "His hand was dirty with paint," he said, trying to remember if he had seen it before. Feliks stared at the body, noticing that the thin layer of ice covering Tom Riddle's eyelashes, eyebrows and hair was still there. "You should check the drawers temperature later, Dr Collins. You'll end up mimicking rigor mortis with its temperature." "What?" the man asked, cocking his head. "The corpses had a bit of ice on them. It must have been the low temperature of the drawers to keep them cool." "Where?" he asked, approaching the slabs and looking the corpse from head to toe with a frown on his face, before shaking his head. "Oh… I'll look into it later," said the other man, before letting out a deep sigh and turning around to leave the morgue. "Let's go, I'll pay you a dinner before you go back to your inn to write your report." Feliks Ravenwood was supposed to go back to London on the following day. He had looked into the train schedules for one that left would leave at the afternoon, but when the clock struck midday, he was still in bed, listening to the sounds of the inn and staring at his own right hand. He had noticed the blue stain on his fingertips while he was drinking with Collins, the previous night. At first, Feliks had thought it was a stain from the carbon paper he had been using earlier to fill his paperwork, but after washing his hands for a few good minutes and still seeing the bluish mark on his fingers, he started to worry as he remembered he had seen something similar on Tom Riddle's corpse. He had tried to sleep and failed during most of the night as he tried to ignore the blue stain on his fingers. But the more he tried to ignore it, the more he remembered not just that, but also the tiny specks of ice he had seen on the corpses. Neither Collins nor the morgue assistant had noticed these details and it was not the first time something like that had happened. The doctor still remembered when he was around six years old and still lived in Inverness. There was a family who lived near the village, he couldn't remember their surname, but he could easily remember how sometimes there was a trail of orange dust that followed their daughter's, Arabella, hands when she was playing with the other children. Feliks had asked her what was that pretty dust she played with, but she said there was no such thing. When he tried to ask the other children if they could see it too, all of them denied it. Years later, while at an old bookshop near Dufftown, Ravenwood could swear he saw what looked like webs of silver binding the bookseller's hands to some of his books. He was eleven years old then and his uncle had said he had such a vivid imagination, something common for a child that age. He kept seeing things where there should be nothing. It was never something big, he never saw a dead person or a weird creature: it was always these details, colours or shadows that painted the world in a different way for his eyes. When Feliks learned about synaesthesia, he told himself that was the most logical explanation and now, most of the times, he managed to simply ignore the colourful tricks his mind played on his vision. But, for some reason, not today. He could just stare at the blue stain on his fingers and remember how it had been on Riddle's corpse before. Or think about the thin layer of ice on the man's eyelashes that should have melted after a few minutes while he had been left outside the drawer on a hot summer day. He needed to take one last look at the bodies and the train to London would have to wait. A/N: I had always been curious to how the necropsies of the Riddles would look like to the medical examiner who worked with their corpses. 1) cause of death: it's what caused the death... a disease, a wound, etc. 2) manner of death: it describes the nature of the death, if it was an accident, a homicide, a natural death, a suicide, etc. Dr Ravenwood most likely put the cause of death as cardiac arrest, but the manner of death remained undetermined. 3) Feliks is Scottish. I love accents, I'm trying to give his lines a bit of a Scottish way of speaking,but I don't want to change it too much from 'regular English' because, as a non native speaker, I know how hard and annoying it can be when you try to read something and every single line of a character is filled with accents and such; also, I'm not an expert on Scottish accent/slangs, so... yeah. I really hope you guys enjoyed this chapter and, please, give it a chance hahah. I know it centers around an OC, but I promise there's a lot of elements from the wizarding world and characters you'll recognize from the canon. :))) As always, reviews are welcome and motivate us to continue!