each other and Ron shrugged. "So you're staying? Just promise me you won't stay up too late!" Hermione couldn't help but play mum. Without her careful direction both Ron and Harry would have gotten themselves into a lot of trouble -other than the usual. "Don't worry." Harry couldn't promise anything. For the first time in a long time he wasn't concerned by anything, nothing was bothering him and his life wasn't in immediate danger. Of course he was going to take advantage of the here and now. "Alright, we'll be going now." Viktor approached and held out a hand to both Ron and Harry for a formal handshake. "Good night 'mionie." Ron waved goodbye as the couple left. For once he didn't feel jealous of Viktor, he had been hating the man for a while. Maybe not even Viktor could ruin his good mood. "So...what do you want to do?" The band had entered the stage again. This time they made no announcement but just began to play. "Oh, I know this one." Ron perked up a little and put his glass down. "Want to dance?" "It's a bit of a slow...romantic song. Are you sure?" Harry squirmed away a little at the thought. "Hardly anybody is here now. But if you're sure...we can sit and listen to it." Ron stopped before the stage. "No...no. If you want to." Harry looked around at all of the couples, the familiar feeling of anxiety began to set in as he looked. "You know what, never mind. Let's go, we can go and prank some first years." Ron knew that Harry wasn't quite up for dancing, it wasn't like they we're dating or anything. "I'm fine, honestly Ron. We'll stay." Harry smiled nervously. He'd enjoy it- he reassured himslef. "You don't even have to dance just sway a little, maybe move your arms a bit. So you don't look like Snape over there." Snape had just stood there, alone all night. "I doubt anybody asked him to dance." Harry didn't want to give it away that he was staring at Snape encase he came over. "That old fart? No chance." Ron laughed, his laughter was contagious, Harry had caught it. "Tonight has been pretty wicked." "Bet you wish you could have gone with Hermione." Harry had noticed how Ron had been behaving at the beginning of the night and during the weeks leading up to the dance. "Well yeah. At first. Kind of glad that I hadn't though. We've had a good time." Ron smiled. He couldn't explain why he felt the way he did; he was over the moon, filled with a sense of euphoria. It felt a lot like love. "Oh yeah, tonight's been the best." Harry nodded eagerly. "I'm knackered. Lets go back." Ron had a sudden urge to hold Harry's hand, but he questioned and suppressed the intention. He bottled it down to having such a good night and being so happy. He could not and would not act on his inclination. "Alright. Lets go." They made their way through the few couples that remained and Harry grabbed his cloak from one of the chairs at the back. During all of the dancing things heated up and the cloak had to go. "Want to take the long way round?" Ron suggested. "Why? Aren't you tired?" Harry was admittedly starting to get drowsey. "Yeah, just fancy it is all." Rather than climbing the moving staircase they began to wonder the halls, Ron trailed his fingers along the wall to clear his mind of the obscene thoughts running and bouncing off of the walls. "Tonight was brilliant! So great to see all of the students participating." Madam Pomfrey's voice could be heard approaching. Ron grabbed Harry by the collar and pulled him around the corner. There was no way that they would escape a detention for roaming around the Castle at night. Harry held his breath and looked up to see Ron's eyes staring back. "Shhh." Ron raised a finger to his lips. Harry's heart began to thump uncontrollably. He chocked it up to the tension of not getting caught. He began to worry about Ron hearing how loud his heart was beating. Madam Pomfrey and Madam Hooch turned the other corner. "Phew! That was a close one." "Yeah..." Harry exhaled heavily. What was that -he queried. "Don't really want a detention to ruin things...lets just get going." Ron looked at the floor, too embarrassed to venture up. Harry much the same but staring blankly in a dazed state. Neither knew what to make of the situation so they both refrained from saying anything at all. When they got to the dorm room Ron kicked off his shoes and hung his cloak on the canopy post. He didn't bother to get undressed, he just threw himself onto the bed. Harry snuck away to the bathroom to undress and brush his teeth for bed. Ron lay flat on his stomach and stared at Nevil's empty bed. He sighed. He couldn't make heads or tales of what was going on with himself. Maybe things would be back to normal when he woke up in the morning. Harry stared at his reflection in the mirror, his hair had flopped back to its usual mess, his forehead was sweaty and the bags under his eyes were getting even more grey. He ran some cold water and splashed his face. 'Snap out of it' he told himself strictly, his mind kept flicking back to Ron's eyes and his heart would flare up. Once he had gotten dressed and folded his robes he came out. Once in bed and tucked away Harry stared at the ceiling, he wasn't sure if he could fall asleep. "Harry..." Ron opened up. There was a long pause before he shifted and he too stared at the ceiling. "Good night." Both boys unconsciously smiled before closing thier eyes. "Good night..." Harry turned into his side and folded his duvet over his shoulder.