. All grand and tall. Intricate patterns, endless portraits, rows and rows of suits of armour. I had heard stories about those suits. That they could... spring to life! "Hello children!" Aunt Luna called. Or Professor Scamander,either ways. Aunt Luna was assistant 'Care of Magical Creatures' teacher, for Hagrid. You see, Hagrid was getting old. He could still collect first years, and he could still teach, most of the time. He just had Luna to help, and sometimes she took the whole lesson. If Hagrid couldn't. James had told me this. "I trust you're all cleaned up and nargle-free? Good." Aunt Luna's eyes drifted over a few students. "Well, most of us are nargle-free. Shall we begin?" She asked, and we followed her into the Great Hall. If the Entrance hall was good, it was completely outshone by this one. Thousands and thousands of candles floated around. On the ceiling a waning moon could be seen through the whispy, pearl-white clouds. Behind all that, lay a black velvet layer of the universe. Shh Rose, it isn't astronomy yet. "Amrouri, Abbon." Was called. And I realised that the sorting ceremony had begun. My family for the next seven years were about to be chosen. That torn old hat was about to determine if I had a good relationship (Gryffindor); Ok relationship (Ravenclaw/Hufflepuff); or tense and awkward relationship (Slytherin) with my family. Well, actually, dad said I would get disowned if I was Slytherin. But he was joking. I hope. "Lance, Tommy!" Was called forward. Wait? We were on L's. That meant Alice was next, or soon. "HUFFLEPUFF" That's where Tommy went. I could never be a Hufflepuff. I wasn't nice enough and I was too impatient to find anything. "Longbottom, Alice" was called forward and I gave her hand a comforting squeeze. I saw Professor Longbottom (Uncle Neville) lean forward in anticipation. Talk about favourites much. Well, he is her dad Rose. Heheh. Neville tought herbology, duh, and was very clumsy. But he was kind and heplful and full of amazing stories. Us kids loved him "GRYFFINDOR!" Aww yeah! Alice was a Gryffindor! Now I had to get Gryffindor even more. "Malfoy, Scorpius." Despite my unwillingness, I found myself interested in where he would go. I saw this, also, in some of the older teachers, and young ones. Who either taught Malfoy senior or went to school with him. "SLYTHERIN!" Typical. Just like the rest of them. Hmmph. There were a few more random, meaningless names that I ignored, then came one name that cast the hall into silence. "Potter, Albus." I saw Al head up to the seat. He sat down; the hat was placed on his head. And everyone waited with baited breath. And they waited, and they waited... until finally. "SLYTHERIN!" What?! Nooo. No no no. There was a mistake. BIG mistake. Maybe the sorting hat was too old. Maybe Malfoy black-mailed the hat. This wasn't happening. The hall burst into un-controllable chatter. Weasley, Dominique." Oops. I totally forgot about Dom. I mean, we weren't that close. But still. We were friends and cousins. Dom's sister, Victiore, was in Ravenclaw. Maybe Dom would follow her. Aw dang! Now I felt really bad. Victoire had asked me to look after Dom. But you know, Dom being 1/8 veela and super hot. Something tells me she got along fine. "GRYFFINDOR!" I clapped with everyone else as the hall burst into chatter and whispers again. But before long, another name silenced it. "Weasley, Rose." I was shaking, and I knew it. But who cares? Making my way up to the stool, I cast an anxious glance at the Gryffindor table. Roxy and Fred were smiling all encouraging-like. Alice was also smiling and mouthing encouraging words. James was just sending death-stares at Al and Dom was nodding at me to continue. I sat down and felt the hat come down onto my head and over my eyes. 'Ahhh. Another Weasley? Eh? Endless supplies of you Weasley's. But you're also.. a Granger. But there's something more. 'Please, just hurry up.' 'Ooh, a good brain. Ravenclaw would suit you, but somehow it wouldn't. Hufflepuff, definitely not. Not patient enough. You have enough anger and brains for a Slytherin... hmm.." 'Not Slytherin, please not Slytherin.' "No, wrong anger for Slytherin. Well, best be GRYFFINDOR!" I slumped in my seat. YES! The hall erupted into cheers and I jumped up happily, practically skipping to the table where James and Fred pulled me down inbetween them. Seemingly, James had either gotten over Al being in Slytherin, or he was ignoring him. My bet is on the latter. Oh yeah. Al! I had forgotten, he might of been crying at the Slytherin table. So I turned around and looked toward the Slytherin table. There I saw Al, laughing and talking with the Slytherin's. Among them I saw Tyler Zabini, Jess Parkinson, Robert Bulstrode, and of course... Malfoy . And suddenly, a thought struck me. It's Al's fault he's in Slytherin. It's him who's betraying us. It's his own damn choice to get friendly with the enemy. With the family's that have caused beyond pain and suffering for our parents. And now I was angry at Al . Don't worry, I was still as angry at Malfoy, but now I was angry at Al too. All through the feast I just sat there, stewing silently. I heard nothing through the anger, I saw nothing past my plate and I felt nothing past the wooden bench beneath me. So when Professor McGonagall finally announced it was time for bed, I was ready. In the entrance hall, I stormed up to Al with his new Slytherin friends and opened my mouth to start shouting. But no words came out. "Rosie, are you ok?" Al asked. I heard the concern in his voice, there was still hope for him yet. I shook my head, it was all I could do before I ran off up the stairs and the tears started falling.