protecting you and by denying the muggles, the town turned on the whole family." Salazar continued with every realization taking a step away from his older sister and closer to the tree line. "That night they were looking for you and because you knew what they were after, you managed to escape. You weren't even in the house when they attacked. That Kenric and I survived was never in your plans." Jetta laughed darkly, "the Gods did favor you Salazar. You, the prodigal Silfren child, wasn't supposed to survive those flames. Though the Dark magic in your veins protected you from my curse… the Gods have great plans for you little snake." Salazar didn't try to deny it any longer, in front of him wasn't his older sister, but a Dark Witch who has spent years practicing the Dark Arts and happily embracing the madness. "What are you planning to do to me, Jetta?" She arched an eyebrow, "during these weeks I've been trying to syphon your magic from you, Salazar, but even I, the Black Heart of Silfren, after offering the Gods a male full of life do not have the power to contain all of your magic. The little that I've managed to harness has nearly killed me from the inside out. Any Dark Master would want you as an apprentice, Salazar." "You've been trying to kill me, Jetta!" Salazar pointed out, now on the edge of the clearing. The darkness and safety of the forest a few steps behind him. Whatever happened now, he knows that if he wanted to survive he was going to escape from his sister; staying with her will eventually lead to his death. Jetta didn't reply, denying it would be a futile effort. She noticed that Salazar was going to try to escape, but she knows that he will try to understand as much as possible before he decides to run. Either way his path has been chosen, the Dark Arts will soon have a new disciple and maybe in a few years when she is stronger and her brother's magic isn't so far out of reach, she'll beat him by experience and steal what is rightfully hers. "Kenric knew," he murmured in sudden insight. "that's why he refused to fight you and why he didn't want to stay longer than needed." "That's right, little snake," she answered smirking with a craze spark in her eyes. Salazar's eyes flickered back and not wanting to ask his sister anything else or spend a second longer in her company; he darted into the tree-line and ran as fast as his small legs could carry him. Jetta released a tired breath and pulled out her wand, with a flick of her wrist she appeared near where she felt her brother's magic; a small percent still merged with hers. "You won't be able to get away, little snake," she stated stepping out from a tree's shadow into his line of sight. He didn't say anything, just turned on his heel and kept running. His only thought being of getting away and surviving. He wasn't going to be enslave by his own sister. She said it herself, he is the true heir of their family. By clan laws she should be trying to protect him. It soon became a sort of game, but because he was running and had little understanding of magic. It was obvious that he was tiring. His legs were shaking and he was breathing heavily. Jetta displays no sign of weariness. It wasn't much later that as he made another sharp turn, having no idea in what part of the forest he was in, the tip of his foot got caught on a root and he feel roughly on the dry forest floor. The leaves around crunching in from his landing. It wasn't much later that his sister appeared in the area. Salazar closed his eyes in fear. He knows that he wasn't going to get away. He was too tire to even try standing up, his legs would not stop shaking and he could feel blood dripping from the cuts on his feet. He was going to die by his sister's hand. He didn't even think about it, he had no exact place in mind, he just wanted to be somewhere safe. Without even realizing he heard a pop and landed hard on something that felt like grass. He cautiously opened his eyes and noted that he wasn't in the forest. He had apparated accidently and as his senses came back to him, he felt a sharp pain coming from the bottom half of his leg. He looked down and cried out in horror. The limb was covered in blood and the heir of Silfren didn't even want to see what happened to it. He could only focus on the excruciating pain, falling limply on his back and staring at the blue clear sky. He was bleeding out and his only thought being that he was denying his siblings what they wanted. It was a small victory this involuntary act of revenge and through the pain he couldn't stop a smile from forming. As the darkness spread from the edges of his vision and covered the blue sky. He felt happiness that he would soon be reuniting with his family. No sooner did he happily embrace unconsciousness and waited for death to come and collect his soul. There you have, hope you enjoyed it and even if you didn't please Review. Much of the names used are of Old English origin or Anglo-saxon each one ahving its own special meaning and given a small description of the characters personality or predestine fate. Silfren - Silver Kenric - Royal Ruler Keeley - Brave Warrior Aart - Like an Eagle Faline - Catlike Verona - Bringer of Victory Wyman - Fighter Edric - Wealthy Ruler Jetta - Glossy Black Norvel - From the North Town Sever - Fierce Stronghold Till' next time MusingAIR :*