gratified. As if it would help him get into her pants or something as ridiculous as that. "Thanks so much, really. I don't think I'd have been able to get this story done in time without you!" "I was thinking we could go out next Friday to this really cool place-" "You know, my lunch break is just about over too, how about I floo you later and we can catch up, okay?" she said, already walking away from his suddenly not so happy face. "Thanks again!" "Don't you need my address?" he was calling after her. "See you!" she shouted. The second she rounded the corner, she started off on a sprint to the Apparation points, just in case he decided to follow her to give her his address after all. / SC.998.997.56789 The numbers were haunting her. It had been two days since her not so eventful voyage into the Ministry of Magic and she hadn't been able to figure out what the numbers meant or what they were for or why someone had thought to scribble them down into Malfoy's file. Hell, for all she knew they could've just been entirely random or meant nothing. Or maybe they were just a serial to help the interns file the stupid files. Nevertheless, she couldn't get the nagging suspicion that the numbers meant something and if she only just kept looking she'd find something that would help her. But she'd found nothing so far, and it was very frustrating. And it wasn't for lack of trying either! She'd gone through everything there was possible to go through, every conceivable possible avenue for searching and had only ever reached dead ends. Even her parents hadn't known what it was or the great and bratty brownnoser that insisted on bothering her every so often at work. "Hey Saltzman," some idiotic jerk shouted at her across the office, "these need fact checking. Up for it?" She sighed as the only blond in the office walked towards her. To be honest, he was the nicest of the bunch. He rarely made comments about her behind her back because she was a woman. Actually, he was the second most industrious person in the entire office! (Her being the first, obviously). But as he dumped the large bundle of papers with a loud thunk to her desk, she was reminded of the fact that he was still an arsehole that thought her below him. She rolled her eyes as he smiled at her. "Can't you at least untie the bloody knot?" "Your wish is my command," he said with a disgustingly embellished bow in her direction. And boy was the man clumsy. As he untied the string that was keeping the entire package together, he must have slipped or something equally as ridiculous, because everything went flying everywhere. As if she didn't have enough on her plate. As she got down on her knees, she fancied he'd planned this. Of course they all wanted her on her knees. And then she saw it. The sheet with the numbers on it. The numbers like her number. And she'd had to snatch it like the psychotic nutcase she was. He stared at her rather oddly as her eyes quickly skimmed over the sheet, but the sheet didn't make any sense, probably because it belonged with other sheets of paper – and how was she supposed to find them in a paper mess like this? She began to panic. "Are you quite alright?" blondie asked, waving his wand so that the mess reassembled itself neatly on her desk. "You could've just used your wand you know." She blushed. Then unceremoniously shoved the piece of paper into his face. "What is this?" He moved her arm back so he could stare at them properly, much to his amusement. "They're just old Azkaban numbers. You know, for the Lucius Malfoy obituary?" "What do you mean old Azkaban numbers?" she asked sharply. He stared at her as if she was odd – which, admittedly, she was – and then placed the sheet of paper onto her desk. "They used to write them like this," he said, borrowing a quill of her desk and circling the number that had caught her eye. "Serial code for the security status and then an eleven digit prisoner number. They changed their system fifteen years ago, but I bet you're familiar with that by now." "What's that supposed to mean?" she asked absentmindedly. "Just complimenting you on your knowledge, Saltzman," he said with a grin. "Take it easy." But she wasn't paying attention, nor did she care. She had a number of a cell in Azkaban and it had been scribbled in the file of Draco Lucius Malfoy – handwritten by someone. Someone that had put him there? Or was he there at all? He wasn't dead, the file had proven that much. Could it really be that Draco Malfoy had spent the last 20 years rotting away in Azkaban? For what? And how? In secret? She realized blondie was still talking to her when she interrupted. "What say you and I go to Azkaban tomorrow?" But in her head she was thinking: Promotion here I come. A/N: If you don't like Andrea's character or reading her point of view, don't worry – starting chapter three, we're switching away from it. Hope you enjoyed! Don't forget to read and review! In the meanwhile, here's a spoiler from the next chapter: A shiver of fear passed through her as the guard unlocked a huge iron door, gesturing for her to enter an unlit corridor. She hesitantly obeyed, keeping the grand prize firmly in her mind. She had to do this, there was no other alternative. The guard shoved a lantern in her hands, which she nearly dropped, and then slammed the door shut on her, trapping her inside with god knows who or what. She had to bite down on her tongue to prevent herself from screaming.