pure shock. "What?" said Hyacinth, trying to figure out what "Muggleborn" could have meant. " No, " breathed the girl, "You're Hyacinth Potter. You're the Girl Who Lived." "Well, I know I'm Hyacinth Potter, but I'm not quite understanding the second bit there?" "You don't know? I'd heard stories you were raised by Muggles, but to actually hand you over to somewhere lacking any magical protectors at all . . . they must have been mad." It was at this moment that Professor McGonagall made her return, just as her measurements were finished and her robes (the fastest she'd ever received tailor-made clothing, although, admittedly, she didn't often receive it in the first place) were handed to her. "Miss Potter," she said with a hardness in her voice, "Are you ready to go? We still have quite a lot of ground to cover, so to speak." "Oh, sure," she said, and then gave the blonde girl a confused goodbye. "Professor," said Hyacinth, "that girl in the shop . . . she called me something strange, and I wondered if you would know what that was about?" Professor McGonagall merely checked to make sure that Hyacinth's bangs were once again covering her scar, and then spoke in a low tone. "I heard that part of your conversation with Miss Malfoy. You are called The Girl Who Lived by many. In truth, you are something of a . . . celebrity in our world. The night your parents were murdered, Miss Potter, they were killed by a powerful and evil man named Voldemort, also referred to as He Who Must Not Be Named. He came to your home looking for you, and killed your parents trying to get to you. There is a curse called the killing curse, which nothing can block if fired upon you, and which was used to murder both your parents, and then you. The reason you're famous, Miss Potter, is that you are the only person in living memory who has survived the curse. Not only that, but it rebounded off you, and killed the terrible Dark Lord Voldemort instead." That was heavy. Hyacinth wasn't sure how to answer that, and so simply chose to mull it over as they approached a shop called "Ollivander's." She was led in, wherein she discovered countless rows and columns of small boxes lining the shelves, and an oldish looking man with wild gray hair. In the end, she had an eleven-inch wand of rowan wood and phoenix feather core. She wasn't sure what that was supposed to mean, but she was just in awe of the red and green sparks that had come from the wand when she waved it. They also stopped at a bookshop, where she picked up all her books, and then - "Would you like to visit the pet emporium, Miss Potter?" Well, Aunt Petunia said nothing that couldn't live in a cage or a tank, and the paper had said she could have a cat, an owl, or a toad. She supposed an owl could live in a cage, at least sometimes, and Aunt Petunia had said nothing about magical pets that could live in cages. "Yes," she answered definitively, causing Professor McGonagall to lead her to what was essentially just a magical pet store, but so much more interesting. Owls hooted from inside cages, kittens mewled, and she could vaguely hear the sound of croaking in the background. There were other things, fish tanks, and rat cages, and things she didn't know the name for which must have been exclusive to the magical world. McGonagall consulted a large, ornate clock above the counter. "You may take some time to browse, Miss Potter, it would seem we've made good time for the day." She walked slowly around the shop, examining all sorts of fascinating things, until she came to the end of an aisle, and heard a soft but persistent mewl coming from just around the corner. Inside a cage of thin metal, there resided what appeared to Hyacinth in all respects as an entirely ordinary kitten. It had fluffy black fur with white flecks through it, and wide green eyes, and she supposed if she could get a big enough cage she might avoid Aunt Petunia's displeasure until she went off to Hogwarts . . . Decision made, she called the attention of a shop attendant, who was tailed closely by McGonagall. "What about this cat, Professor?" Hyacinth was just taking a guess here, but she theorized that the professor's pleased smile might result from her apparent affinity for cats (given the fact that she could become one at will). "That is more than just a mere cat," said Professor McGonagall, "in fact, it is Half-Kneazle, a particularly useful feline species." "Useful for what?" "Kneazles are good at detecting suspicious people," explained the shop girl with a grin, "They're quite sly." "It will make a fine and practical companion," said McGonagall. Promptly, Hyacinth was given a pamphlet for care on half-Kneazle kittens, a rather large cage to carry her in for the time being, and a comb ("Her fur can get rather unmanageable otherwise"). "Ah . . . one more thing, Miss Potter," said McGonagall as they left the shop, Hyacinth carrying the kitten along with all her other supplies."Please keep in mind that those under the age of seventeen are not permitted to perform magic outside of Hogwarts, so do not be tempted to try your hand at anything you may read about in your textbooks. In fact, I would recommend you leave your wand in its box until it is time to board the train. Speaking of which, here is your ticket, and, I cannot emphasize this enough, do not be late." Message received, McGonagall took Hyacinth back to Privet Drive. Duncan was waiting with something akin to awe on his face, questions already bubbling at the lips, when Aunt Petunia entered the room and screeched at the sight of the cat.