Snape's." He said in disgust. It was hard to imagine raising Snivellus's son. They had been enemies from day one of Hogwarts. "He would be charmed to look exactly like our Harry. And we would raise him, he would be ours." Lily insisted. "You hate Severus so much that you don't care if an innocent baby dies?" She asked incredulously. "Of course I care!" James exclaimed. He shut his eyes. When he opened them back up he took in the grief and exhaustion on Lily's face which no doubt mirrored his own. He nodded slowly. "All right. When will we get him?" He asked finally. Lily's eyes lit up for the first time in a long time. "Tomorrow night. Oh, thank you James." She threw her arms around him and sobbed, crying for their baby and for the deceit they were about to commit. In her grief, all she could really think was that tomorrow they would have their baby boy back again. HPHPHPHP "Cissy!" Bellatrix greeted her sister while holding Kaiden. "Did you bring Draco?" "No, he was a little fussy so I thought it best to leave him at home." Narcissa said and she couldn't help smiling at how happy her sister looked. And Kaiden was really a beautiful baby. She held back the guilt and disgust she felt for what she was about to do. "Well, they will have plenty of time to spend together." Bellatrix said as she put Kaiden down in his bassinet. "How are you Cissy?" "I'm doing fine Bella. I am enjoying being a mother." Narcissa said honestly. Bellatrix smiled. "Yes, me too. It's amazing the love I feel for him." She gazed fondly at her son. Narcissa needed to get this done before she lost her nerve. "I would love a cup of tea. Would you mind if I made some?" "I'll make it." Bellatrix offered. She gave an airy laugh. "Well, I'll have Thistle make it." Thistle was her and Severus's trusted house-elf. "She is at Severus's old home in Spinner's End, but I can call her back." "No, I'd like to make it. It's strange; ever since Draco was born I just want to do things myself. Strange isn't it?" And a total lie , Narcissa thought. Bellatrix gave her a bemused look. "For you? A little. Go ahead and make us some tea if you would like." She watched her sister head to the kitchen with amusement. She got up and looked at Kaiden who was falling asleep. "Your Aunt is acting strange, my little snakeling." She wondered if Narcissa and Lucius would be interested in leaving the Death Eaters as she and Severus were planning to do. She didn't want her sister to be a part of that group either, it was too dangerous. She was sure Lucius wasn't happy either; he valued power. Not being someone's servant. Narcissa re-entered the sitting room and placed the tray she had prepared down on the coffee table. "Here Bella." She handed her sister the poisoned cup. I'm so sorry , she thought sadly. So sorry . "Thank you Cissy. Are you sure that you are okay?" Bellatrix asked as she took a sip. "Yes, don't worry about me." Narcissa said as she took a sip of her potion free tea. After a moment she put her cup down. "I love you Bella. You know that right?" She asked softly. Bellatrix looked at her in surprise. "Of course I know. I love you too. What is wrong Cissy? And don't tell me that there is nothing the matter." She looked at her sister in concern. Narcissa shook her head and picked her cup back up. She needed to get this done. "Let's finish our tea and then talk. I've been feeling sentimental lately." Bellatrix smirked as she continued drinking her tea. "Hmm. So since you had Draco you want to do the housework yourself and are feeling sentimental? How is dear Lucius handling that?" Narcissa gave a forced laugh. "He's hoping it will pass soon, of course." Bellatrix rolled her eyes as she finished her tea. "Of course." She smiled over at her son. "Did you see his outfit?" "Little green and silver snakes all over it?" Narcissa smirked herself. "Already thinking Kaiden will be a Slytherin?" She teased. "Don't you think the same about Draco? Where else would our children end up? Ravenclaw, perhaps," Bellatrix yawned. "I'm sorry. I don't know why…" She slumped over on the couch and Narcissa quickly grabbed her and helped to lay her down more comfortably. "Sleepy." Bellatrix mumbled. Narcissa put a blanket over her. "Make sure you put the candles out Bella." She whispered. She waved her wand and lit Bella's favorite candles that she would sometimes have burning. Narcissa even added more and the room was quickly growing warm from all of the candles being lit. "Candles? I didn't…" Bellatrix slurred as she struggled to keep her eyes open. "Yes, you lit your candles. A fire will start if you do not put them out. Make sure you put them out." Narcissa said over and over as Bella fell asleep. "I'm so sorry Bella." She whispered as she took Kaiden in her arms. "I'm so sorry Kaiden." One little detail she had not mentioned to Lily was that she would be using their son to replace Kaiden. They would need to find a baby's body and she had already recruited a house elf to find the real Harry and bring him here. She had already oblivated the Healer who had taken Harry's body. The house elf popped in carrying Harry wrapped in a blanket. "Thank you Joffy. Put him in the bassinet." Once Joffy had obeyed, she handed him Kaiden and then cast a strong undetectable protection spell to surround her sister and with a wave of her wand she made all of the candles fall over. She took Kaiden back into her arms and she and Joffy disapparated away. TBC: Thoughts? =)