to ever be interested in someone like me and five, well, I'm not good enough for her." He looked up to Ginny, ready to dispel her argument, but instead found her staring at the tent. For a moment in the pit of his stomach he hoped it wasn't what he thought. It was. Looking away from Ginny, following her eyes he saw Hermione standing there, wrapped in a quilt. And with a look upon her face he was afraid to interpret. For a moment he thought about standing up and just walking as far as he could within the wards but knew that would be futile; she would find him. Instead the feeling of his breath moving in and out felt edged, the cold almost welcome. He closed his eyes again and did nothing but listen, hoping that from over by the tent he wouldn't hear any sounds, but instead he heard the squeak and crunch of snow under Ginny's shoes. It was then he knew that it would all come out. Everything. All the feelings that he'd felt and had no idea how to process, everything seemingly all at once, and no concept of how to explain it to her. It had been easy to tell it to Ginny because there was no hope of it actually coming true, but now he'd be forced to say something. He'd have to tell her because he couldn't lie, not to her. And in his mind's eye he saw her listening and then telling him how she didn't feel the same, but that it was sweet, and that he was still her friend, and that he'd have to stay with her in the tent and one day, when it was over, he'd figure out what to... "Draco?" His eyes opened quickly and his head shot up, a quick intake of breath, and somewhere in her face he saw something he hadn't had in ages. Hope. She sat down next to him, pulling the quilt closer. For a moment she just stared straight ahead. When she turned to him it was so abrupt that he involuntarily moved back, bumping his head against the tree. She narrowed her eyes at him, gave him an expectant look about the tree and his head, but receiving none fixed him with a very firm look. "You're full of shit." After it was said she gave him a sarcastic smile. "Completely and utterly." After a long sigh he shook his head. "You heard what I told Ginny." It was as he thought; it was too much to even hope that... "And you're full of shit. I don't care that your name is Malfoy. I don't care that Lucius is your father, you refused his Death Eater...oh. Oh that's just..." She turned away and began to cringe. "And with my name it's even worse." "What are you on about?" Draco looked at her oddly. "I don't understand." "You've basically denied your father's wishes and refused to live up to the Malfoy name. I'm named after a character from...never mind. It doesn't matter." She paused. "No, actually it does matter. You're Draco the Cannons fan, Draco the Hufflepuff." As he closed his eyes she put a finger under his chin, bringing his face up towards hers. "And that's one of the reasons...oh, you idiot. You great idiot." At that moment Draco expected her to say something, but instead she kissed him. And that's when it flooded him, making him warmer than he'd felt in ages. Hope. -ooo- May, 2007 Chudley Ginny Potter was pacing about the small room on the second floor of the pub, worrying her ring and muttering as her husband sat in a squashy chair contentedly. His pint was half-full, he was going to a Quidditch match in an hour and the kids were at the Burrow. He had just about let out another satisfied sigh when his wife rounded on him and pointed her finger at him. "How in the hell can you drink that after last night? You were legless. I had to put your sorry arse to bed." "Your mum made me a hangover potion." "Mum." Ginny half-snarled and turned, ready to pace again when the door opened. Her irritated expression immediately changed. "There you are! About time!" Draco shrugged. "We're on our honeymoon, I'm not worried about time." Behind her husband, out of sight, Hermione shook her head dramatically. "Don't let him fool you, he did the time zone calculations so we wouldn't miss the off of the Snitch." She moved past Draco and greeted Ginny warmly. "You look well. You aren't again, are you?" She looked over to Harry who simply smiled, waved his pint pointedly in the air, and took a large drink. "Harry and Mum are thrilled." Ginny rolled her eyes. "Maybe you should do it, too." As she looked over to Harry and Draco talking she narrowed her eyes, stared for a moment, then turned to back to Hermione. "So how far along?" "How?" Hermione let her shoulders fall in an exasperated slump. "How'd you know?" "Wasn't you, it was him." She nodded towards Draco. "I can always tell. I could always tell, even if you couldn't." "Well, it took me long enough." "Pffft." Ginny laughed. "That's an understatement." Before Hermione could answer the door opened, the orange-clad and wide smile of Ron Weasley stopping all conversation. He held up a bottle of champagne. "Ballycastle just lost. WE'RE NOT FINISHING LAST!" Draco erupted out of his seat, the pint of beer flying up and outwards, and as he embraced Ron they danced around the room, singing 'WE"RE NOT LAST, WE'RE NOT LAST' at the top of their lungs. Hermione smiled at her husband as she watched the men pull Harry out of his chair to join their singing. She leaned against the wall as Ginny handed her a bottle of fizzy water. "Where would we be without Quidditch?" Ginny clinked her bottle softly against Hermione's. "I'm afraid to ask."