air. I conjured a wall of smoke, sweating as I did so and grunting in agony. "Foolish landwalker, now I shall feast upon your bones!" "Not today," I muttered. I quickly transfigured the nearby stone into a body much like mine, except at its heart was a vial of dragonfire. I then rolled into a nearby hollow, and waited, trying to slow the course of the venom in my veins by reducing my heart rate via the meditative techniques I learned while hunting a yeti in Nepal (you can read about this in my novel, Year With a Yeti). I heard the serpent's hiss of triumph as it ate me, and smiled. "You lose," I called. "What-" there was a massive blast of heat and pressure, and I flinched as gore rained down on me. A moment later, Harry was at my side. He pulled the fang from my leg, weeping as he did so. "Bezoar, left pocket," I wheezed. Harry hastily retrieved it and brought the panacea to my lips. I swallowed, and sighed as the venom left my body. "Help me up," I ordered, and Harry lifted me to my feet. I took the blindfold from my eyes, and retrieved the basilisk fang. "Come, our work here is not done." Together, we stumbled forward, reaching a large chamber with an eerie green glow and a lake at the center. Above the waters, hanging suspended in midair was none other than Luna Lovegood. "Well, I see that you have made it past my basilisk," Luna sneered in a voice far too deep for a delicate young lady such as herself. "A pity. I was fond of Danger Noodle. Still, I am not surprised. Even she would have been no match for the likes of the Legendary Gilderoy Lockhart." "I was a fool for not returning to England to put a stop to you before, Voldemort!" I called. "This time, I will make no such mistake." Voldemort laughed, rolling Luna's eyes back in her head. "Ha! You are too late, little man. Already I have begun the ritual to create a new body. See, already it forms as I drain the essence from this pathetic girls shell." "No!" Harry cried. "No, it can't be!" But it could. Before the lake a body was coalescing, mystical symbols floating in the air around it. I passed Harry the basilisk fang. "Stab the body, Harry. Right in the middle. There has to be some anchor to hold the Dark Lord here." Harry nodded and hurried forward, standing over the body. He took a deep breath, then plunged the fang into the chest cavity. "NooooOO!" Luna shrieked, as the body vanished and a book appeared. Harry stabbed the book again, driving the fang deep within as blood like ink erupted from it. An eerie wailing filled the air, as Luna fell into the lake, and Harry was flung back by a burst of magic as a serpent like specter rose out of the diary. "Fools! You have destroyed the vessel, but I shall return! Nothing can stop Lord Voldemort, not even death!" With that, the serpent flew into the ceiling and vanished. For his party, Harry scrambled forward and hurled himself into the lake, disappearing beneath its dark surface. For my part, I crawled forward, trying to discern what had happened. Time passed, and I feared for both children. Just as I was losing all hope, Harry resurfaced, carrying the unconscious body of Luna. He laid her out on the shore, and gave her the Kiss of Life. With a gasp, Luna's eyes fluttered open. "Harry? You saved me!" "I couldn't have done it without Professor Lockhart," Harry said, holding Luna's hands between his own. "He's an extraordinary monster hunter." End excerpt. On the deck of the ship, the boy's eyes were wide as he stared up at Lockhart. "Is that all true? Did you really defeat a basilisk blindfolded and help destroy part of Lord Voldemort?" "Every word of it," Lockhart said seriously. "Though perhaps I did take a bit of creative liberty with the small details." "Wow, I'd best be getting back then," the boy said, hopping off the trunk. He turned, and gasped. As they had been talking, the Westfall has set sail, and Plymouth was now a distant blot on the horizon. "No! I can't… I'm not supposed to go to America! I have to get home to my mum!" Lockhart clapped the lad on the shoulder. "Never fear, Lockhart is here! We'll get you home safe eventually lad. After a suitably epic adventure, of course. Ever hunted a chupacabra?" The boy suddenly brightened. "No, but that would be famous. Can I really come with you?" Lockhart nodded and grinned. "Of course! I've always wanted a spunky young sidekick. What was your name, lad?" "Millhouse sir, Millhouse Manastorm." Lockhart knelt down and put his arm around Millhouse's shoulders, using his other hand to point towards the distant horizon. "Well Millhouse my land, one day you'll tell your grandchildren that you went on an adventure with the famous Gilderoy Lockhart, and that you too are a Monster Hunter Extraordinaire!" Teddy Lupin's Author's Note: I have it on good authority from Hermione and the other Weasleys that the confrontation in Moaning Myrtle's bathroom was far less epic and destructive than what was presented here. However, I have chosen to simply present the tale as Lockhart himself put it forth, somewhat abridged so that it would fit within my own novel. Banishing the Basilisk is a highly entertaining read, and one of the bedtime stories I most treasured as a child. While I cannot swear as to its veracity, it's standing as a work of fiction is indisputable: it is one of the very best. I would note that to this day, Milhouse's mother maintains that he was kidnapped. For his part, Milhouse claims to have gone willingly. I will leave it up to my readers to decide which is the true tale.