of boats were tied up, the quartet took boarded a boat and set off across the large lake that lay next to the school. Hogwarts was probably the most incredible building Hazel had laid eyes upon, with castle-like turrets and towers and vast stone archways and windows glowing like twinkling lights embedded in the stone. They walked up the passageway leading from the secret dock under the school and continued to march up the lawns till they reached the massive front door. All the quiet chittering was replaced by silence as the children all waited utterly nervous while Hagrid knocked three times on the large oak door. After what seemed like an eternity, the door opened, bathing the new students in a warm light. In the doorway stood a handsome and strong looking man, who had obviously tried but failed to scrub all the dirt off his face and hands. He smiled reassuringly at Al and Rose when he caught sight of them and they waved back. "Hello students! My name is Professor Longbottom..." (there was a wave a sniggers) "yes, Longbottom . I know, it's a funny name yes... As I was saying, my name is Professor Longbottom and I am your deputy-headmaster and will be teaching you Herbology this year." At those words Violet went onto her tippy toes to try to see their new teacher better. "If you would follow me, the school is ready for you to be sorted into your houses now." And with a short smile at the group of children, he turned and walked through the gigantic entrance hall to a pair of even bigger doors than the ones they had just passed through. The great hall was filled with many, many students sitting along 4 long tables. The ceiling looked exactly like the nights sky outside and the teachers were sitting at a fifth table in front of them. A 3-legged stool was placed before that table and atop that stool sat a ragged old hat. As they walked in single file down the hall, around 8 kids of all ages at the table directly on their right waved at Al and Rose, no doubt their cousins; among those were James and Victoire, who was resting her head on a boy with striking blue hair. Hazel noticed lots of boys were looking enviously at this boy and she couldn't help but chuckle. The hall fell silent after a minute or so when a lady who looked about 60 or 70 stood from the centre of the Professors table and walked to a podium adorned with a golden Phoenix. "Hello students. My name is professor McGonagal and I am your Headmistress here at Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. May the sorting ceremony begin... Good luck!" She said with a clear and crisp voice. She spoke with a twinkle in her eyes but Hazel could tell that she would not be one to cross. Professor Longbottom picked up a long scroll and bagan to read names off the list of students. Students were sorted into their houses after various lengths of time. Some people got chosen as soon as the sorting hat touched their head, others it took a little longer. Rose was one of those who took forever. After about 3 minutes, the hat finally yelled "Gryffindor!" and the whole family burst into loud applause and shouts. Beaming, Rose walked quickly to sit next to one of those clapping the loudest; a tall boy who looked like he was in 6th year and who had bright orange hair. When a boy with silvery hair and stormy grey eyes named Scorpius Malfoy was called to the stool, all the Weasley family glowered, along with a lot of the other Gryffindors, Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs. The Slytherins however looked expectant. It took a while for him to be sorted, and when he finally was there was a collective gasp from most of the people in the hall. As the hat shouted "Gryffindor" even Scorpius himself looked surprised, yet relived none the less. Hazel glanced at Al and saw that the boy's mouth was open and his eyes were wide. But before she could ask who this 'Malfoy' kid was, Violet's name was called and she stepped forward slowly. As she reached the front of the hall and sat down on the stool, Hazel gave her a reassuring smile and a nod and silently mouthed "Gryffindor" before violets eyes and nose disappeared behind the too-big hat. After only about ten seconds the hat screamed "Gryffindor" and Hazel hollered and clapped loudly at her beaming friend along night with the rest of the Gryffindors and Al. More and more kids were called and sorted until finally Albus' name was called. He glanced at Hazel and she gave him a thumbs up, before he smiled nervously at her and turned his focus to the hat in front of him. As the brim of the old thing obscured his vision she saw him look determinedly at his brother sitting with who Hazel assumed was their cousin Louis. Within the next minute Albus was dubbed a proud Gryffindor and he walked as happy as can be to sit with Rose and Violet. After a forever and a half, Hazel's name was finally called and she strode confidently to the front of the hall and turned to face the rest of the students before sitting down in the stool. Violet smiled at her and pumped her first in the air as if to say 'go get 'em' . As soon as the hat was placed upon her head, she heard the voice inside her mind. She talked to it and asked to be put in Gryffindor and it talked back and said that although she was brace she was even more intelligent, but Hazel insisted on being in Gryffindor. After a while, the hat finally conceded saying ' well, as you wish!' And roared for all the hall to hear "Gryffindor!"