magical forces. Not many people wanted to stand up for the losing side. McGonagall greeted him with a tight-lipped nod when he entered her office. Her hair was more grey than black these days, and wrinkles lined her severe expression. "What have I done this time, Professor?" Harry said dryly. The comment would have ordinarily elicited a snappy retort, but this time she merely narrowed her eyes slightly. "Please sit down, Harry," she said. Harry did so, pulling out the hard-backed chair before the Headmistress's desk. He glanced around the room – most of the portraits were sleeping, and Dumbledore's was empty. The former Headmaster had been invaluable in organising the influx of refugees, but he was only a memory. His words were all he had, and Harry no longer took as much comfort from them as he used to. "I'm sure you have noticed the construction in Hogsmeade," said McGonagall. "And I'm equally sure you've extrapolated on what may come of it." Harry nodded slowly. "They may copy the Norwegians. Their strategy proved effective in the end." They had only heard bits and pieces of what happened two years ago. The Norwegian government had, during their own magic purge, discovered the rough location of the Durmstrang Institute, up in the north somewhere. The 'strategy' that led to Durmstrang's destruction involved carpet-bombing the area and looking for the swathe of land that remained untouched. Through this method, the Muggles established the limits of the Institute's protective enchantments, and were able to set up a perimeter. Seeing as only the Headmaster could Apparate within Durmstrang, most of the students, faculty, and refugees were trapped – much like Hogwarts was now. It was unclear what happened to everyone, but one message was clear from the few survivors that turned up in Britain: the castle was gone. "Quite. There's nothing we can do to prevent the destruction of the surrounding countryside, but I want to be certain that our wards can withstand any barrage they bring against us." She took off her glasses and rubbed at her eyes in a rare display of weakness. "Harry, I realise it may not be a comfortable thought, but if you still possess the Elder Wand, the extra power it would add to our protection would ease a lot of fears." Harry closed his eyes for a moment. He'd been expecting this for a while. Could he really be blamed for not wanting Dumbledore's tomb disturbed again? "Alright," was all he said. Ginny intercepted him as he exited the large front doors and strode into the warm summer air. She flew down on his Firebolt and landed lightly beside him, George close behind her with a Quaffle under his arm. They looked like they had come from the direction of the Quidditch Pitch. From the red lining George's eyes, they hadn't just been playing. The former twin slapped him on the back and continued inside the castle. Harry trudged across the grass, heading for the White Tomb on the shore of the Black Lake, and Ginny fell into step beside him. She didn't say anything, for which he was grateful. Sometimes her presence meant a lot more than comforting words. Harry felt her questioning gaze on his back when he stepped up to the tomb and drew his wand. "You'll see," he said, then waved his phoenix-feather wand and watched as the large marble slab slid to the side. For the second time in too many years since his death, Dumbledore's body was exposed to the world. Harry sighed and plucked the Elder Wand from beneath the white, wrinkled hands, unwilling to spend a single unnecessary second here. The Tomb was sealed once more, and Harry inspected the Elder Wand carefully. Ginny gasped when she recognised it. "That's where you put it?" Harry didn't answer, tapping the wand against his palm a couple of times. "Do you think it will make a difference against them?" Ginny said in a quieter voice. "It's not for combat. McGonagall asked me to strengthen our defences with it," Harry replied, still staring at the wand that so many had died for. If it came down to it, he was prepared to use the wand to break the Anti-Apparition Charm and let everyone scatter as far as they could. There was a chance a good number of the refugees could hide in the thousands of hamlets that littered the country. Harry had already decided he wouldn't be among them. If Hogwarts fell, he would stay behind and buy everyone some time to escape. That was that. Of course, Ginny didn't know that. He'd probably have to stun her and send her off with Ron and Hermione and the other Weasleys. That was if he didn't have to stun them too. He glanced up from the wand. "Who said you could use my broom?" They arrived at Harry's quarters sometime in the afternoon. Ginny had stayed with him as he went around the school boundaries pouring power into the wards, feeling them strengthen and condense. Harry lived in the same room Remus Lupin had once occupied when he was the DADA teacher. It was a decent-sized office, with a small bedchamber through a doorway behind the desk. The private bathroom next to the bedchamber was even smaller, consisting of only a toilet, sink, and cramped shower. Some of Ginny's clothes were scattered around the bedchamber, and a respectable portion of her remaining makeup supplies surrounded the sink in the bathroom. Harry didn't mind. She spent every second day sleeping near her parents in the Gryffindor common room, so it was nice to have some reminders for when she was gone. Ginny returned his Firebolt to the corner beside his trunk, and flopped on the bed. She patted the space beside her, and Harry shook his head. "I should tell McGonagall I'm done." Harry turned to leave, and Ginny sat up to object, when the first explosion reached their ears. Up next: Break Out