low chuckle from the head of the table. "Getting impatient are we Reginald?" The dark haired man asked. Harry gasped, shocked to see an older version of the sixteen year old Riddle he'd met in his second year. He'd put the man about twenty years older than the boy but there was no mistaking they were the same person. " Lestrange is always impatient." Came a voice from the right. Harry narrowed his eyes suspiciously at the Malfoy look a like. " Now Abraxas." Voldemort, or was it Tom Harry wondered, his eyes going wide as the man smiled at what he guessed were his friends. "You were once impatient when you had a warm and willing witch waiting for you." " You'd best be speaking in a more pleasing tone when speaking of what's waiting for you." The lilting irish tone was preceded by a golden beauty with rich blue eyes. Harry grinned along with the men at the table as they burst into loud laughter when Tom winced. "Would I speak any other way to you?" he asked charmingly. " You would and I've heard it," she reminded him, pressing a kiss to the top of his head that had Harry goggling. She turned to stare firmly at the first man that had spoken. "Reginald Lestrange, might I remind you that Rudopholus will be leaving for Hogwarts tomorrow. You should at least spend some time with him before he goes." Reginald grimaced and hunched his shoulders under her steely glare. "The boy's going into his t hird year. He doesn't need me holding his hand. Head's in his books most time anyway." He continued to mumble. "Wants to be a healer." " A fine profession," Tom interjected. "And one we'll need if our plans continue." " Be lucky you have a son and not a daughter." A dour man said from the other end of the table. "I've got three and all have the Black stubbornness." " I'll be talking to you soon then. I'm afraid Rudo needs a stubborn woman to keep his feet firmly on the ground." The baffled father shook his head. "And now Ranee is clambering for another. Can you imagine having one this late in the game?" The beautiful blond smiled, one hand on Tom's shoulder, the other laid across her belly. "I think it's lovely. They can be playmates, your bairn and the one we'll be having this spring." Tom smiled proudly as he reached up to grasp her hand. "Which brings us back to our discussion. Bringing the British Wizarding World back to the standard we once held amongst our neighbors." His voice was confident, his eyes warm as they watched his wife slip out the door. " We've gone stagnant," came a voice from further down the table. " Mulciber's right," the man with the three daughters painted out. "Ever since Grindlewald's defeat we've not had one decent improvement in our way of life. Nobodies inventing, or experimenting or if they are they're afraid to come forward with it. We'll be in the dark ages before we know it." " It's Dumbledore's fault," the older Malfoy pointed out. "It'll be worse now that he's become headmaster of the school. Our standards of education are already falling and he's content to pass the time instead of hiring decent and competent professors." " The areas he does stand up for he only puts in half an effort," an unknown man pointed out. "He talks a big game about bringing in the muggleborns but does nothing to educate them so they fit in better or understand our laws and ways." " He wants them to be outsiders," Tom agreed. "They'll feel discriminated against and will revolt against us, gathering behind Dumbledore as their leader. That's his whole purpose with his agenda, gaining power. He doesn't care about them." " Nor does he want them here." Reginald pointed out, his Belgium accent coming out stronger. "He denies us the advances muggles have made in entertainment, fashion, art and sports while blaming it on our pureblood values. Let me tell you my wife and I enjoy taking in a show but I'll be damned if I have to go to Paris every time I want a bit of fun." Tom nodded. "We need to stop our government from cutting us off from the other wizarding worlds. The French, the Americans, the Chinese, they are all years ahead of us culturally. They laugh at us when we're not around." Eyes shining bright he continued, his voice strong. "We don't turn away the other species. We welcome them, we learn from them and we teach them." " Dumbledore's messed up there," a man leaned forward out of the shadows, flashing sharp teeth. "He talks about wanting equality but turns his back on the little ones that get bit and turned out of their homes. I'm the one finding them families and packs. He covers by saying I'm the one biting them, that I have a taste for children. The packs know the truth and are gunning for his head." " That'll work in our favor," Tom nodded. "He hasn't garnered any favors from the vampires either and doesn't even consider the dementors to be viable entities. We can use that." ' He'll try to stop us," Mulciber pointed out. " We'll go to war," Tom answered with conviction. "We start a revolution of change, for our culture, for our children." " He's got a glib tongue and he's still in favor from Grindlewald's defeat. He'll turn people against us," the unknown man warned. " They can whisper and call us names. We'll stand by our convictions and they'll prove we're right." Start of the timeline 1926-Tom Riddle is born and placed in orphanage. 1938-Tom Riddle starts Hogwarts 1945- Tom Riddle graduates Hogwarts. 1956- Tom begins making a name for himself politically. He and his supporters (friends from school) arouse opposition to their plan. 1963-above meeting takes place.