the death of Lord Voldemort, Lily, and James. Four, shortly after I had left to my mission, Severus Snape joined the Order as a spy. His confessed reason was due to the disgust and desire to defect. The unofficial assumption was that his ardent, long lasting love for Lily Evans could not stand the thought of her dying, even if she were happily married to his worst school bully. When asked later, by myself, why Severus truly defected, he told me the following: "As you know, Lupin," he sneered, obviously annoyed by my Gryffindorish persistence and insatiable curiosity, "While I am no longer in love with Lily, nor have I ever truly believed in the rhetoric spouted by the pureblood aristocracy. I must say, that you have had something to do with this choice." You can imagine my surprise at such a declaration. I persisted some more, the proverbial dog with a bone, and wanted to hear his reasoning. He did not disappoint. "Honestly, Wolf," the exasperated sigh before a moment of silence, when his dark, penetrating eyes were fixed upon me. I knew, by this time, how to mask emotion and thought behind a reasonably calm, politely interested facade. Yet, he found whatever he desired to know and continued, "You are one of the only people who have ever understand and trust me, oddly enough. Between our mutual siding on important events, I ascertained you to be fairly tolerable, intelligent, and decent judge of character. If the Light side was so important as you seem it to think, a truly educated mind will look into it further. I make no mistake, and know that our beloved headmaster is just as manipulative and ruthless as the ex-Dark Lord. However, his future is far more to my taste, as it actually appeals to my logic." This conversation softened the blow of losing the whole of my self-made pack within one meeting. From this time, Severus and I had a cordial relationship behind closed doors and privacy wards. In front of others, especially a certain twinkling-eye'd headmaster, we chose to remain barely civil to one another, not wanting to give the meddlesome Albus another string to tug. For the next ten years, I stayed to the back of society, taking the odd jobs and researching as I could to make such a book as this. A part of me, not just the wolf, alway felt on the look out. What if I had a lifemate and I found her? For some reason, I just couldn't bring myself to date, even something as inconsequential as a one night stand from a muggle club or pub. No one seemed quite right, and I could never quite place why. While the invention, and my subsequent monthly use, of the wolfsbane potion helped me cope, I could not hold down a steady job, nor any self confidence, for any amount of time. Odd things began to happen after that point. My wolf would whine and be restless during the oddest parts. He would talk to me about how something or someone needed him, needed us. I found myself thinking upon his words. Potential meanings flew through my mind. All the while, I would meet Severus at a muggle Pub near the Leaky, as I tended several nights a week. He complained, quite extensively, about what the "Potter brat" and his idiotic side kick would get up while the bushy-haired know-it-all got on his last nerve, trying to be the hero just like he at school. On one particular occasion, as I rubbed down a glass, I casually, and amusedly, pointed out that I did not know what he meant. That earned me quite the death glare. "Just like you, Lupin," he growled when finally able to speak. "While not in charge of the little band of troublemakers, she answers every bloody question, takes the blame for their stupidity, and drags them along so they do not fail. All they need is Longbottom to join their little band, and it's quite the same as your friends." "I must say, they sound quite a bit better than us," I pointed out mildly. "They have yet to actually pull a prank. Besides, I quite remember a certain someone who decided to be quite demonstrative of their intellect." "Yes, and a fat lot of good that did," he grumbled, unable to fight the point. This brought me all the way to First of September, Nineteen Ninety-Three. The day that my whole life shifted for the third, monumental time. I found her. You may ask why this whole, long, dry recitation of my past? Surely, I could expand on certain events, or even pull back at other times. Add a bit of dialogue or action. However, what I want show, in my portion of this book, is how I changed from a jaded, self-loathing, fatalistic, pessimist to who I am today. Still jaded, but loving life, myself, and, perhaps most importantly, my lifemate. I wish to illustrate how something so basic can change everything about the life of another. That true love can, in the actual, real world, trump all else. My name is Remus John Lupin, and this is my story. . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - . I know I have three other stories up and about, but I hope you each enjoyed this story. As I said at the beginning of the story, I will be updating the others soon, just had the bug to write this one and hopefully post it. This story, unlike the rest, will be simultaneous updated on both and AO3, where my pen name is the same; MyWhiteKnight. I will be posting my other stories to upon their completion in regular intervals. I appreciate and will return to as many comments and reviews as possible. Enjoy the rest of your day, and I'll try to update as soon as possible!