Warily, Potter stood and inched his way over to the bed, wincing with every step. "Can you lie on your stomach? I need to examine the wounds on your back – I will not touch you unless you say it is okay," Draco assured. Doing as he was told, Potter laid himself down on his front with his arms at his sides. Draco refrained himself from swearing and instead bit his lip, suppressing the urge to go off about the state of Potter's back. He wanted so desperately to know how Potter had come to be in this situation, but he knew asking now would be redundant. He needed to build a relationship with the patient first, it was the most essential part of Healing. From his shoulders down to his hips were slashes. It was obviously Potter had been whipped regularly. Some were old, some were newer, and some were completely settled in scars. They ranged from small to inches long and a few centimetres thick. Some were deeper than others and Draco was amazed he wasn't seeing bone and sinew, yet. Most of the wounds were surrounded with dried blood, some of the larger and newer ones still prickled with it. Something about the wounds unsettled Draco, more than they would have, but he couldn't quite place it. "I am going to use my wand to examine you now. I will not touch you, but I need to examine you with magic," Draco said, withdrawing his wand, but Potter was shaking his head. "No, please, no magic," he whimpered. Wanting to growl in frustration, Draco set down his wand on the bedside table. "Okay, no magic. Can I at least clean the wounds with my hands then? I will just put warm water and a cloth on them, that is all," he explained. "O-Okay…" Potter trailed off, he did not sound entirely sure he liked either option but he did not seem particularly able to deny Draco both methods, either. He seemed so subdued, so subservient, and seeing and knowing that enraged Draco even more. With magic ruled out, Draco had to leave the room before he could call Cally to retrieve more water and cloths. Once he returned, Potter had not moved an inch, and he began his work. He was completely careful not to touch his skin with his own and it took quite some time for Draco to clean his wounds. They both remained silent throughout the process, besides when Potter would make a small, protesting noise, every few moments. Once he was finished, Draco set aside the cloth and settled back on his chair. "Can I not heal you with magic?" he asked quietly, almost with a hint of desperation. Even with the wounds cleaned, they looked terribly painful and they ran the risk of becoming infected. "No magic," Potter repeated, mumbling against the bedclothes. Sighing, Draco reached for his potions kit which still lay open from earlier. "Potions, you have to at least take potions, Potter," he exasperated and then swore underneath his breath as the raven-haired man flinched, " Harry ." "Potions? I…" Potter's voice once again became lost but Draco was certain he saw a slow now. "This," Draco said, retrieving a cloudy vial from his case, "Is a nutrition potion. It will help replenish whatever vitamins and minerals you are currently lacking," he explained, handing to Potter who was still on his stomach and seemed uncertain whether or not he should move. "And this, is a pain reliever," he handed him a second vial. "Take them both and I will give you another in six hours." With the potions in his hand, Potter still did not move from his stomach, but he was peeking out from the side, looking sidelong at Draco, his eyes bearing into his abdomen. It was as if he were waiting for something. 'He is waiting for instructions. He is waiting for me to tell him to move, again. Bloody hell, Potter, how broken are you?' "You can move, Harry," he said softly. Immediately, Potter rolled onto his back again, a strangled whine being emitted from his chest at the pain of moving. Eyeing the potions warily, Potter eventually tipped them back as he propped himself up on his elbows. He scowled at the taste of them which caused Draco to laugh lightly once again – anything to lighten the mood. "They taste wretched, I know. If I had enough time, I think I would discover a way to make every potion taste better than they do," he shared. Potter didn't respond to his words and instead handed him back the vials, careful not to touch Draco's out-stretched hand as he did. "If you won't let me heal you, you should rest, Harry. You desperately need it," Draco instructed, standing up from the chair and closing up the potions kit. 'Potter is going to be needing a pain reliever and nutritional potion every six hours for Merlin knows how long…I'll need to go brew a large batch of each. He would also benefit from Skele-Gro, I should prepare some of that as well, and-' He had been thinking to himself as he began to leave the room, knowing he would not get any questions answered yet – not until the trust was built, but Harry made a noise again as he neared the door. Draco looked over his shoulder at the man who had pulled himself under the covers now and was clinging to them. "S-stay?" The request was so small, so quiet, and Draco couldn't even be upset about it. Potter had been abused, Potter was broken, so much so that he even felt safer and more at ease in the presence of Draco – of all people. Walking back over to his chair, Draco took a seat. "Of course," he said gently. He was unaware of how long he sat there staring at Potter's back before he himself followed his old classmate into sleep.