and hands. But we eventually return to the Great Hall. A lot of the younger students have left—third and fourth years—so it's easier to discern who's on the dance floor. We see Albus moving jerkily to the beat of the song, which causes many students to give him a wide berth. I spot him instantly. Scorpius leads me onto the floor and starts to dance. He's not exactly the best dancer, but he's better than Albus, which is good enough for me. Albus finds us and grins. "Ah," he says, pretending to wipe away a tear. "True love at my own hand!" I blush a little at the word "love" but Scorpius takes it all in stride, laughing jovially. "Alright, Alby," he says. "Cut it out." "Have you seen Marianna?" I say. Albus nods and points over to the side of the stage. "She's talking to James. It turns out, he's not taking over Uncle George's shop." I frown. "He's not? What else does he even like?" Albus gives me a superior smile. "Music." " Music ?" Albus nods. "He's the band's manager." "What?" "Yeah, he wanted to surprise us." Knowing James, he probably wanted to pull an elaborate prank on us, but I keep quiet. Maybe Albus is right and James has changed for good. Who knows? I look over to where Albus gestured a second ago and see Marianna laughing. I can only see the back of James's head at this angle, but I can make out some wild gesticulations, like he's telling her a story. I smile. I was right; anything can happen at a dance. The fast song that the band was playing stops. The lead singer starts speaking into the mic. "Alright," he says. "It's getting a little late, Hogwarts students. So, we're going to play one last song for you this evening. It's a slow one." He winks at us. Scorpius places his hands at my waist, and I clutch at his shoulders. I lean my head in so that my ear is at his upper chest and my nose is breathing in the scent of his neck. We're flush against each other, and once again his warmth amazes me. "I like you so much," he murmurs. We sway lazily to the beat, and I let my ears soak in his words. I had always thought that if this ever happened, I would be so astounded that Scorpius would ever like me—but the thing is, Scorpius isn't some god. He's just an eighteen-year-old guy, and he fancies me. And I fancy him. At the end of the day, that's all that really counts. I breathe out against his chest. "I like you so much, too." His hands circle to the small of my back, leaving scorch marks in their wake. He feels so good against my body. I didn't know anything could feel this way. "Good," he says. He kisses the tip of my ear. xoxoxo The rest of the term flies by. Scorpius, as it turns out, loves Herbology. And since I mostly like reading (though not for school) we hang out at the greenhouse a lot while he does projects for Professor Longbottom. This is equally good because then I can talk to Professor Longbottom who is also a family friend. But, I don't read all that often in the greenhouse, because I find that I like talking to Scorpius even better than I like to read about the Weird Sisters and their contemporaries. The funny thing is, that's mostly what Scorp and I talk about—music. In April, a lot of us find out where what we're going to do for the next year. Mar has a job at a newspaper in Little Whinging, while I'm able to secure a position at a record shop in Diagon Alley. We had loosely hoped to live together, but with the distance it wouldn't make any sense. Instead, I make a plan with one of those Ravenclaw girls from the dance, Bryony Davies, who got a job at Gringotts, to find an apartment together. "I would even be okay with muggle London," she told me a couple weeks before graduation. Scorpius will be joining the Chudley Cannons for training this summer, and if all goes well—which it will—he'll have a permanent offer. He's ecstatic, but his father is a little less happy about it. Marianna, meanwhile, has been writing regularly with James since the dance. "We really hit it off," she said that night in our room. "Really?" I said. She nodded. "He's even better than I remember." I'll admit, I still don't really get it. Since James has always been a huge pest, him generating a positive reaction is a little foreign to me. But he makes her smile. Albus has no firm plans, which is unsurprising, because it's Albus. Uncle George said he could have James's old job at the shop, so Albus will do that. Albus has also been really cool about Scorpius and me. I've tried to be considerate of the fact that Scorp is Albus's best friend—so I aim not to monopolise all of his time, no matter how much I want to. Some people perform great miracles—people like my parents—while other people perform smaller, every day miracles—people like me. I often wonder how I found the courage to turn the door handle to the greenhouse that night of the dance. It may seem small, but that single gesture was me putting myself out there, prepared to bring about the miracle that is two people who fancy each other enough to make a go of it. It's not saving the world, but it's still something incredible, something that changes the lives of two people completely and utterly. I turned that door handle, ready to alter my life in the hopes of altering it for the better. I will never regret meeting Scorpius Malfoy in the greenhouse. Even if we fall apart, I'll know it was because we were once together.