Ron spoke first. "We are friends and I shouldn't have tried to tell you who to date. You were my first friend Harry, my best friend, and I don't want to lose you as a friend; not after everything we've been through. I already screwed up once back in fourth year and I'm gonna try to not do that again." He paused and took a deep breath. "So, if you're sure about Malfoy." "I am," Harry injected. "Then I suppose I can give him a chance and try to get along with him." "How magnanimous of you," Draco sneered. "Draco," Harry chided gently. The blond rolled his eyes but settled down. "Fine. Apology accepted Weasley. You can sit." Ron glared at the blond, but did move to sit next to Hermione, blushing when she kissed his cheek and whispered how proud she was of him. Pansy stood and stared at the group, her gaze flicking over each before settling on Draco. "We've been friends since we were kids and as much as I hate to say this, and trust me, I do, I agree with Weasley. I don't want to lose your friendship, so if that means putting up with Potter and getting to know him, then so be it." Her gaze then moved to Harry. "I'm willing to do this for Draco and I will admit this now that it won't be easy, but I am willing to try." "As long as you're willing," Harry responded with a smile, "then so am I." "In that case," Pansy said as she took a seat next to Blaise, "I apologize for all the times I called you a despicable, attention seeking, half-blind prat." Harry looked confused while Draco sighed and Blaise snickered. "When did you- "It was never to your face," Pansy told him, "but still, I apologize." "Uh," Harry stared at the girl. "Apology accepted?" Pansy nodded and that was that. ~…~ It wasn't easy for the two group of friends to come together, but for the two boys they cared about, they tried, and slowly, it worked; before long, it was easy to see that they were all forging friendship bonds between them. The group would alternate their seating between both the Gryffindor and Slytherin tables. The only one missing, was Ginny. Unlike Pansy and her brother, she couldn't accept that Harry had actually chosen to be with Draco. She had been in love with him for so long and was convinced that the two of them should be together. It had caused an argument between brother and sister and resulted in Ginny avoiding the group, sitting as far away from them as she could during meal times. On one such occasion, the friends were talking but Ron's gaze was focused on his sister. He had known that she had had a crush on Harry back in her first year, but he hadn't realized that she had actually fallen in love; although he would admit that a part of him had hoped that Harry and Ginny would end up together, but after seeing Harry with Malfoy the last few weeks, he knew that that never would've happened. He was so busy staring at his sister that he was not paying attention to what he was doing and when he brought the goblet of juice to his lips, he ended up spilling some down his robes, drawing laughter from everyone around him. "Honestly Ron," Hermione scolded him. "You really need to pay attention when you're eating!" Ron looked sheepish as the others continued to laugh at him. As he cleaned up his robes as best he could, the friends decided to head outside for the rest of their lunch period. He quickly gets up, still cleaning his clothes, as he follows his friends. They exit the Hall, turning towards the entrance, when he noticed that Harry and Malfoy had stopped. Harry was saying something to the blond and whatever he said made Malfoy smile. He grimaced when he saw them kiss but even that didn't last. Instead, as he watched them, he was filled with a sense of rightness. They were different and not just physically, which even there they seemed to complement each other, but their personalities; Harry was always so willing to stand up for what he believed in, to fight for others when they couldn't and Malfoy was a bully, no doubt there. He was arrogant and mean and thought the world revolved around him and that he was better than everyone else. And yet, they worked. Harry mellowed Malfoy out and he wasn't such a douche anymore and Malfoy made Harry happy; the last time Ron had seen him that happy was back in third year when Sirius was pardoned and Harry had moved in with him. Looking at the two now, seeing the obvious way they felt about each other, he wondered why he ever thought to be against them in the first place. Even Sirius had accepted them; his only issue had been Lucius Malfoy somehow hurting Harry through his son but it had been for nothing as according to Malfoy, based on a letter he had received from home, his mother was firmly on his and Harry's side. "It's something, isn't it?" Hermione whispered from next to him, startling him. "Yeah," Ron nodded in agreement before turning his attention back to the two kissing boys. They pulled away after a moment and they watched as Draco said something that made Harry hit him and caused the blond to grin as they made their way over to them. "Everything alright?" Harry asked, looking between his two friends in slight concern. "Everything's perfect mate," Ron grinned. "Come on; let's catch up to the others." Sharing smiles, the quartet turned and hurried outside to join the rest of their friends. A/N 2: so the end kind of turned into Ron's POV, but I think it was ok. Do you guys? Review and let me know! Kila