and placed them right in the middle of the entrance chamber, clearing some glass out of the way with her foot. There - the sun streamed in from a shattered glass window, and the Mesties buzzed quietly with excitement. Smiling widely, Luna bent down to speak with them. "Are you okay there, guys?" She asked, listening closely to their high pitched tones. Mesties were like a magical version of soil, and her father had told her all about how to talk with them. Apparently, they loved their new spot, had been getting quite cramped earlier and were very grateful. She accepted their wishes for good sun on her leaves and stood up, brushing the dust from her knees. Now, to find somewhere she could put down her things, hopefully before she collapsed again. No need to tell anyone a stunning spell had glanced off her during the battle - everyone knew most patients got better by themselves within a few weeks, if that. The others… Well, there was no need to think too much about that. Luna hummed a few bars of Weasley is Our King under her breath, and wandered through a few more of the Malfoy rooms. Destruction, destruction, and total and utter nothingness. In some rooms, it was clear someone had had a temper tantrum - in others, blood stained the walls and she quickly closed the door. Finally she found a painting where the occupant wasn't too scared or too uptight to talk to her, and she was given directions to one of the upstairs rooms. Left, left, straight ahead… She pushed open an ornate and rather disgustingly decorated door, and sighed to see an untouched room… With a bed and a writing desk. At last. She collapsed on the large mattress - she was so going to bounce on this bed later - and summoned the parchment to her. She had so many urgent letters to write, but first… Dear dad, I know we haven't spoken or seen each other for a long time, and that a lot has happened. I'm fine, completely unhurt, and I love you very much and would never blame you for anything. Luna paused - was that right? That seemed to suggest she did blame him… No matter, it wasn't like her father to pick at words. I heard about our house - do you have somewhere to live, are you hurt? I'm currently staying with a friend, but you would be more than welcome to join me. His house was quite destroyed by Death Eaters, but no matter, I'm sure I can fix a bit of it at least, to make it habitable. The battle was quite scary, but I'm fine now, and the War is over. I hope I can see you soon. All my love dad! Luna Lovegood. P.S. My friend's house has Mesties, dad, and they're so friendly! I can't wait to see how much I can learn about herbology from them, I knew you were right when you said the Wizarding World undervalued their gardening knowledge. Her letter written, Luna rolled the scroll up and sealed it with her wand, an old habit now. She missed her father terribly - he was so wonderfully smart, but she always got the feeling he got quite lonely without her. Most people just didn't understand how wise he was, because they were too caught up in the Great Culture Plot one of the Quibbler's writers had uncovered. It was a real shame, but not one she could deal with in that moment. She instead began writing little notes to everyone she could think of, to tell them she was quite all right, and one to cancel her own funeral. Though she would quite have liked to see it go ahead, she wasn't a rich girl and goodness knows what the bill would be like. Only when the sunlight had reached the very tip of her arched window did Luna turn to the most and least pressing letter of all. Dear Draco, The Mesties are great, and your home is beautiful, though a little unusual in decor. What's with the snakeskin on the big wooden table? Not that I mind feeding a snake, but I haven't quite found him or her yet and it's a little unnerving. Are you in Azkaban? Because I would have thought they wouldn't trust the Dementors anymore, but I don't know who else could guard you. If you're allowed visitors, do tell me, I'd like to talk to you again. I was thinking some of the broken furniture could be repaired, but I don't want to cause any offense. And I'm pretty sure most of the statues wouldn't let me anyway. Are they always this bad-mouthed? I have a clay figurine of my great-great-great grandmother at home, and she always talked posh, but she was still quite nice. I hope you don't mind me raiding your larder, if I can find it that is. What a maze this manor is! Don't worry, and stay strong. You're going to be just fine. Luna Lovegood Quickly she rolled up the parchment, smearing the ink, and sealed it. She didn't want to think too hard about it - people were always harder for her than she let on, but not Draco. Writing to Draco was easy, friendly, effortless. Warm. It felt like being wrapped in a blanket, an extra layer of comfort. Not something she would be telling the others about anytime soon. Smiling from the corners of her mouth - because she was safe, at last, safe - Luna took her letters, and went in search of the owlery. Soon, she assured herself, her new friend and maybe even her dad would be with her again. A/N: Hi guys! I uploaded this a million years ago and then abandoned it, thinking it was no good. But rereading it, I'm actually quite proud of it, so I'm going to be updating hopefully every week from now on.