sounds of Draco's body as he buried himself deep over and over again. He only wished he could make this last longer but resigned himself to hoping there might be a chance for them another time. His left hand reached for Draco's cock once more as his right twisted into Draco's sweaty hair, pulling his head back until his back was bowed beautifully. Every stroke of Ron's cock forcing a guttural grunt from Draco's lips. "I have to say," Ron panted, "I love the way you sound when I'm fucking you." Draco moaned at the roughness, at the stimulation of Ron's calloused fingers over his weeping cock. He realized he must look like a wanton slut at this point, begging and moaning for this particular man to fuck him, but somehow, he no longer cared. "So close...harder. Harder, please!" Ron pulled until Draco was nearly upright, pressed against Ron's chest as his cock pistoned into Draco's tight heat. He wasn't sure what brought out this aggressive aspect of his personality, but Draco didn't appear to be complaining, groaning loudly in response to the change of position and depth of penetration. Ron stroked Draco's cock with strong, steady pressure, growling against Draco's pale neck as they both approached their limits. "Tell me when you're ready," Ron urged. Draco could barely form words at this point, but he managed a slight nod in reply. The layers of stimulation brought him to his peak only moments later. "Now!" he managed to rasp out as he felt his orgasm cresting. Ron continued fucking him hard and without pause but released Draco's cock and reached for the chain hanging from his nipples. He gave it a sharp pull, driving Draco screaming over the edge into a forceful orgasm. Ron snarled as he held himself deep in Draco's body, reveling in the rhythmic squeezing around his cock as he rode out Draco's orgasm. With sharp, rapid strokes, he resumed fucking in earnest as the pulsing waves began to fade, chasing his own release. He ground his cock deep into Draco's arse, relishing Draco's mewls, and soon was filling him with pulse after pulse of hot cum. Both men sought support from the wall and each other as the aftershocks subsided and they caught their breath. It had been everything they both wanted, and now, they didn't know what to say to each other. Ron moved first as his cock softened and slipped from its previous home. Draco's arse twitched around the emptiness, Ron's seed oozing out of its well-stretched hole and over Draco's perineum. Ron couldn't help but take a moment to appreciate the view before he cast a cleansing charm for the both of them. Draco managed to turn around, leaning heavily against the wall when the supporting weight of Ron's body was gone. He glanced down at his leather shorts, uncertain if he could bend down to get them. Ron caught Draco's expression, his prior anger forgotten as he gathered Draco's garment for him. He was about to hold it out when he took the time to really look at Draco. The man looked well and truly fucked. Ron could still see fine tremors in Draco's limbs and noticed that he hadn't bothered to move. Expecting any verbal offer of help to be met with derision and snark, Ron stepped forward and dressed Draco, reluctantly covering Draco's beautiful cock and arse. He hoped it would not be the last time he ever got to see it. Stepping back, Ron opened his mouth, trying to coax words from his throat, but nothing would come out. His mouth snapped shut as he gave up, looking helplessly at Draco, who did not appear to be doing much better. Giving Ron a silent nod of farewell, Draco left, walking stiffly but steadily out of room ten, leaving Ron to wonder if Draco was saying goodbye for good. {*} {*} {*} Draco didn't understand why Ron showed up again the very next weekend, watching and then leaving as he always had done before. He wasn't sure if he should feel insulted by this or not. He spent the previous week trying not to dwell on the incredible sex and dreading the moment his secrets would be plastered across the front page of the Daily Prophet . It was just his luck that the one wizard who had stumbled upon the world he used as his escape had to be one of the Golden Trio; a wizard he was attracted to when he should know better. Still, nothing ever happened; Ron never said one word. Draco really didn't understand. It took a month of Ron's silent appearance at shows and an utter absence of news for Draco to realize Ron wasn't blabbing their encounter all over the Wizarding world. He finally conceded that he may have misjudged Ron Weasley; offering the olive branch of a drink after the show the following weekend to say thanks for his silence. It took another month of drinks and conversation before Draco agreed to date Ron properly, and another two after that before he invited him back to the flat he shared with the other dancers. Ron's patience and discretion was more than well rewarded in bed that weekend. In time, they began to cautiously date in the Wizarding world. While they had come to terms with their past, everyone else had not, so they took it slow in the eyes of their peers. But their other life, the one spent at the club, was when they were truly happy and flourished; it was their own little secret, and they liked it that way. If Dragon's fans ever happened to notice a suspicious sheen of moisture on his cheeks during a performance, it was because he well and truly belonged to the tall, buff ginger wearing a confident and knowing smile during every performance. Room ten had become Draco's favorite pre-show warm-up, and neither man could be any happier about that. {*} {*} {*}