see, so you've never been to Brazil?" As the head shook its head Harry was pulled away from the conversation by his twin grabbing his arm just seconds before a deafening shout behind the two caused all three of them to jump. "DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT IT'S DOING!" At Piers's shout, Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could. "Out of the way, you!" He said punching Haiden, who was closets to him, in the ribs. Caught by surprise, Haiden fell hard on the floor, bringing Harry with him since he was still holding onto Harry's arm. What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened. Harry felt a tingle in his nasal, and before he could turn away, the glass that Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to vanished in the blink of an eye causing both boys to leap back in horror. Haiden and Harry sat on the floor in shock, Haiden pulling Harry closer to him as the great snake quickly uncoiled and slithered out onto the floor. People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exit. As the snake slid swiftly past him and Haiden, Haiden tightened his grip on Harry's arm as the snake hissed out a "Thanksss." And the only thing Harry could think to do was respond. "No problem." He whispered feeling his twin's grip tighten even more. "But the glass, where did the glass go?" The keeper of the reptile house kept muttering as the zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while apologizing over and over again. Piers and Dudley could only gibber. As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except snap playfully at their heels as it passed. But by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Haiden and Harry at least, was Piers calming down enough to say, "Harry was talking to it, weren't you Harry?" Uncle Vernon had waited until Piers was safely out of the house before starting on Harry, and Haiden by default. He was so angry he could barely speak, though he did manage to say, "Go... cupboard... stay... no meals." Before he collapsed into a chair, Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy. / As Harry lay under his twin's cot in their cupboard curled into a ball, tears silently slipping down his cheeks. He had messed up again and had ruined his brother's happiness. After they had been sent to their cupboard Haiden had turned to him and had quietly demanded to know what he had been thinking. Why had he been hissing at the snake? What had happened to the glass? All Harry could do was silently shake his head. He remembered he had opened his mouth to say something but all the had come out had been a tiny squeak of fear. He had honestly tried to be good today. Had tried to keep the tingle in his nasal from causing anything unnatural from happening. But he had failed. Harry curled even more into himself when he heard his brother's stomach growl, causing his to respond with its own growl. He wished he had a watch so that he knew what time it was. He wished he knew what time it was so that he could see if the Dursleys had gone to bed allowing him safe passage to sneak out to the kitchen and at least get his brother something to snack on. Haiden and Harry had lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as either of them could remember, ever since they were babies and their parents had died in that car crash. Neither twin could remember being in the car when their parents had died. Sometimes, though, when they strained their memories during long hours in their cupboard, they could come up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light, Haiden also got a burning pain on his forehead. This, they supposed, was the crash, though neither could imagine where all the green light came from. They couldn't remember their parents at all. Their aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course they were forbidden to ask questions. There were no photographs of them in the house. When Haiden had been younger he had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown relation coming to take him and his brother away, but it had never happened; the Dursleys were their only family. Yet, sometimes he thought, or maybe hoped, that strangers seemed to know him. Very strange strangers they were, too. A tine man in a violet top hat had bowed to him and his brother once while they were out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After asking Haiden furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman dress in all green had waved merrily at him and Harry once on a bus. A bald man in a very long purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and then walked away without a word. The weirdest thing about all these people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Haiden tried to get a closer look. At school, Haiden and Harry had no one but each other. And even then some times the twins didn't feel like the other wasn't there for them. Or at least that was how Haiden felt sometimes. What with all the times Harry got them into trouble, Haiden was beginning to wonder if his twin was doing it on purpose. Harry had been talking to the snake before the glass vanished.