few years, though, her father had started to drift back to giving Jack most of his attention, but still made a point to make Andrea feel like his daughter, if only barely. Lily, on the other hand, seemed to have gone the opposite direction. She still loved Jack, of course, but didn't dote on him like she used to. She gave both of her children the attention they deserved. However, Andrea noticed that Lily tended to be much warmer towards her than with Jack, but she wasn't sure why. Maybe she felt distant towards her second born son considering it was the affection she gave him that caused her eldest to leave her? Regardless, she would be lying if she said she didn't enjoy the attention and affection her parents, especially her mother, gave her after Harry left. She had finally started to feel like an actual part of the family. But, she just wished it hadn't taken one of their children disappearing to get them to notice her. Regardless of the love she now received, though, she would never forgive her family for making Harry leave. But, especially after seeing firsthand how angry her mother had gotten at Jack on Harry's behalf, maybe Andrea could eventually feel real love for Lily Potter. Maybe... With only about an hour to go until they reached Hogwarts, Andrea was startled by a high-pitched shriek coming from next to her. "What's wrong?" she said, looking to the surprised look on Astoria's face. Asotira simply pointed out the window. Looking to see what it was that had surprised her travel companion, Andrea almost jumped from her seat. There, right outside the window, was a snowy white owl gliding along. It seemed to gaze through the window at her with a look of irritation, as if it was waiting for her to do something. That's when she noticed the piece of rolled up parchment tied to the beautiful owl's leg. She opened the window and the owl came rushing in, landing on the seat opposite her with its leg stuck out and an expectant gleam in its eyes. Andrea hesitated for just a moment before taking the letter. She fished through her pockets and found her small bag of owl treats, placing a few on the seat next to the compartment's newest occupant, who eagerly ate them up. Just as she was about to open the letter, the owl swooped out of the window and out of sight. "That was strange," Astoria said as she got up and closed the window, not really knowing what else there was to say in a situation like this. "Indeed," was all Andrea said, looking to the letter again. "Who's it from?" "I have no idea. Shall we find out?" Andrea said with a smile, though on the inside, she was a bit nervous. Without waiting for her companion to reply, she opened the letter and began to read its contents. Her eyes instantly opened as wide as they could go and she let out a loud gasp. "Who's it from?" Astoria asked in concern, considering Andrea's reaction, but was met by silence as the Potter girl continued to read the letter, oblivious to everything else. xxx Dearest Andrea, my sweet little sister, First and foremost, let me congratulate you on being accepted into Hogwarts. I just know you're going to shine there like the bright little star you are. I'm so proud of you, Andi! On a more solemn note, I am truly sorry I haven't been in contact with you for going on three years now, or even seen you in almost four years. I hope you don't hate me for it; I just couldn't risk our parents catching you reading a letter from me. If I were still on the move as I had been, I would have still sent you letters considering they wouldn't be able to trace it back to me; but, I'm not on the move any longer. I've found somewhere rather interesting to spend my time. The only consolation for me is the knowledge that our mother has finally started caring for you like a true mother should, so I hope you haven't been too lonely without your big brother to talk to. Anyway, as for the main reason why I'm writing to you now. I'll be seeing you in person about a month from now. What you are about to read isn't common knowledge. Students aren't supposed to know this, so keep it to yourself, please. This year, Hogwarts will be hosting a tournament that hasn't been held in nearly two hundred and fifty years: The Tri-wizard Tournament. However, this time around, the three headmasters from the schools that used to participate in this event have decided to add a fourth school to the fray. My school. I'm so excited to see where my little sister will be learning magic, and even more excited (and a bit nervous) to see my little angel again. The only thing I'm worried about is seeing our mother again considering she's one of the Hogwarts' staff. That will certainly be interesting… In one month, you and I will finally be reunited. I've never stopped loving you, Andi, and I've never stopped thinking about you. Love always, Your super awesome older brother: Harry . . . There's chapter one for you. I really hope you liked it. If you spot any spelling/grammar errors, let me know through a PM. Just to recap, Andrea is 11, just starting her first year. Jack is 14, starting his fourth year, and Harry is 17. I haven't yet decided on a pairing for this story. I'm leaning towards Daphne (who is also 17 in this story), because I love the pairing, but I'm very open to recommendations from my readers (especially since I already have two Haphne stories going on at the moment). Send me a PM if you want to see someone other than Daphne! Thanks for reading! -Mystiirious