besides her name. "Mum, I can explain-" "You don't have too sweetheart," this statement came from her father who walked into the kitchen, passing Harry to stand beside his wife on the celadon colored linoleum tiled floor. "It's obvious just by looking at you-" he raised one hand to gesture at his daughter, arms falling away like his words. "How did this happen?" Lucinda's voice was not unkind, but there was something in it that was toppling into disbelief. "In the usual way, I suspect." Her husband answered for her, his voice had gone a notch lower. Hermione turned to her father's gaze. "Dad, there was a war-" "A War? Is that the excuse the kids are using nowadays? -" "Daddy please-" "Is this your doing?" Mr. Granger turned to Harry. "Sir?" Harry said back. "Is this yours ? Or is it the Weasley boy that I'll be related to in a month or two?" "No Sir," Harry answered. "I-" he shifted his gaze back to Hermione. "It's, not Ron's-" Peter Granger's face narrowed just a bit at Harry, then over at Hermione. "Have you two never heard of protection?" "Peter please-" Lucinda said. "I need to know Lucy, I need to know how this happened. She's only 18 for Christ's sake!" His temper flared like embers being fanned in open air. "Dad, there wasn't-" Hermione's voice was a breath of disbelief. "It was too late-when I found out it was too late, I couldn't do anything, I didn't know how-" " Didn't know how? -" Mr. Granger's voice rose a level higher, his breathing hard, shaking his head at his daughter, like he was trying to wish his way out of a dream. "What's the point of all those spells they taught you at Hogwarts if you don't know how to take care of something like this!" "We were on the run Sir," Harry spoke up. "For months, we had to keep away from wizards that wanted us dead, that wanted worse for Hermione, she thought it was the flu, after- I told her to go, I told her to go to a hospital -but she stayed to help me, it's not her fault, it's mine -" "Your damn right it's your fault!" Mr. Granger's voice echoing around the living room, his hand waved at Harry, his whole body shook with emotion. "Everything that has cost us our daughter the past 8 years of her life is your bloody fault!" "Peter, that's enough!" Mrs. Granger moved in between her husband and Harry, setting a hand on his arm. "They're just kids, they did what they had to do, they didn't, they didn't know what they were doing!-" she broke off and looked at Hermione. "We just got you back Hermione," how could- you're too young to have a child!" her face was twisted like her words were agony to say. " What were you thinking? " "They were going to kill Harry Mum-" Hermione's voice was shrill, shaking, her hands tight into fists "They were going to kill him! I couldn't let him fight alone, he's my friend!-" "So instead you let him do this? -" Peter said. " Ruin your life after you just got it back? -how is that friendship? Hermione how? " "Dad, I-" Hermione's ears drummed with a kind of horrible white noise. "You can't have a baby Hermione-" Peter said to his daughter. "You can't !" "But I am, daddy," Hermione's voice was a plea. The kitchen counter was cold under her hands, she tried to hold onto the hug that she had felt from her father outside in the yard, the relief, the warmth of being near him, instead of this. "I am-" Her father looked up at her, eyes not angry, not hateful, instead disappointed, but sad at where her life had ended up. His eyes glistened. "I know." Hermione looked from him to her mother, seeing tears falling from her face, gaze mirroring her father's. "I'm sorry," Her breath poured out of her in jagged pieces, encompassing them both in a watery gaze. "Hermione-" She walked hurriedly out of the kitchen, moving away from her mom when she tried to reach for her, pushing past her father and Harry, the later who called her name. She broke into a run when she reached the living room, snatching up her coat that was dropped in a puddle on the floor. "Hermione- Lucinda came around the front of the sofa, grabbing her daughter's shoulder. "Darling sit down, let's talk!-" Hermione reached into a pocket inside her coat, pulling out her wand, moving away from her mom's touch and towards the door. "Hermione Jean Granger-" her father's voice echoed out from the kitchen. "You're not leaving this house until we sort this out!" Hermione's fingers pressed into the grooved carvings at the base of her wand, head swam with dizziness, she set a hand to her stomach, leaning heavily over it, a shuddered breath escaped her. "Hermione-" her mother reached for her again, but Hermione righted herself before she could touch her. She breathed in a jagged breath, "I shouldn't have come back-" She tore open the front door, sending it to hit hard against the wall behind it. "Hermione!" Lucinda wiped at her eyes, running after her daughter as she burst out into the lawn "Hermione, come back!" She chased after Hermione but only managed to graze her hand along her sweater before there came a hard pop as Hermione disapperated from under her hold under the cloak of night. "Hermione! She turned to see her husband standing in the doorway rushing out towards the grass with of the lawn, Harry only a step behind. He searched, looking around the darkness, turning to see the shocked expression of her parents. He removed his wand from his jacket, dissapperated steps behind where Hermione had, the last sound he heard was Mrs. Granger dropping to her knees to sob her daughter's name into the night.