the sexual pleasure of the act, it simply felt...right, as though they were meant to be together like this...as natural as breathing. The thought quickly became bittersweet as he reminded himself that they only had tonight...at least for now. So Harry stopped thinking, letting everything else fall away except for the overwhelming sensations he was experiencing. Just the same, he couldn't help wishing that this would never end. Severus wished they could last longer but Harry was a virgin and even he could not remain unaffected by their joining. He had never felt such power, even in the presence of Voldemort or under the effects of his wand, Severus had never known such raw, vibrant, living magic as Harry filled him with now and he trembled with the effort of completing the ritual. While they had ached for this moment of joining, now that it was here, Severus didn't want to stop...didn't want it to be over. Why did he have to be so stubborn about propriety, and a professor to boot. Severus felt Harry clenching around him and struggled to hold on just a bit longer. He leaned forward, sealing his lips to Harry's as he let himself go, rocking them together as he sank himself deep into Harry's body over and over, the ritual's magic climbing to a fever pitch. The friction of Severus rocking against Harry's sensitive cock soon pushed him over the edge, his nails drawing blood as he clawed broad shoulders feverishly, arching against the larger man as ragged cries escaped his throat. Severus followed immediately behind Harry, his low groans joining in the cacophony of their mutual orgasms as well as the explosive blast of power that shook the walls and floors dangerously, whited out the room around them, leaving both men dazed for a time, clutching each other, and gasping for air. Neither had noticed the appearance of a new rune over their hearts just before they reached their climax. As far as they were concerned, the ritual had ended. Harry's grounding, was over...and so were they. {*} {*} {*} Epilogue: The Hogwarts Express had departed the station carrying the last of the students home for the summer. Another year over and a whole summer to pursue private interests before a new year began. Severus had said his goodbyes to his fellow professors and made his way to his rooms. He had packing to do. He had just finished a pot of tea when there was a knock at his door. Muttering under his breath about interruptions now of all times, Severus marched to the door and yanked it open, a biting retort ready on his lips. Instead, a lazy seductive smile spread across his sharp features when he saw the person standing there. "Hello...husband." Severus grabbed Harry's wrist and yanked him inside, closing the door and pressing Harry against the solid wood as he kissed him thoroughly. When breathing became necessary, he drew back but did not release his hold on the man before him. "Hello to you, husband. Ready for a long overdue honeymoon?" Harry hummed, nuzzling against Severus' throat and enjoying the way the pulse leapt in response. "Oh, I'm ready, alright. But I'm afraid we'll have to delay our departure, just a bit." Severus looked startled, "Delay? Why?" Harry smiled a positively feral grin and raised up on his toes to whisper in his mate's ear. "I don't think I can last another minute without your gorgeous cock in my arse." He pushed Severus away and strolled towards the bedroom, losing clothes along the way. Severus hesitated only long enough to lock the door, then followed his mate to their bed. Soon both men were naked and engrossed with each other, the matching bonding runes over their hearts no longer the shock they were when they first awoke from their daze after the ritual. Both men had been too stubborn to see what their profound compatibility truly meant, so magic had made the choice for them, binding them forever at the first opportunity as the soulmates they were. There was nothing to be done for it and, after some serious discussion, they had realized it was what they had both wanted but did not verbalize. They spent the entire Christmas holidays together, allowing the bond and Harry's magic to settle. They had spoken to Dumbledore, who found their situation vastly diverting, though unusual. The decision was made to keep the bonding a secret for now, rather than trying to explain it to others who might feel Severus manipulated Harry, using his position as grounder. Harry and Severus agreed to keep the secret, providing Dumbledore do them one favor; the Friday before students returned for the holidays, they stood side by side in front of Dumbledore's fireplace as the headmaster performed the bonding ceremony for them with Professor McGonagall and Dobby as witnesses. There were plenty of rendezvouses along the way but Harry remained in his dorm through the end of the year and hung out with his friends, though he did have to disappoint Ernie. For all intents and purposes, Harry was a normal student for once. A student who was now through with school and starting a new life with his husband and bondmate. And the two of them couldn't be happier. Well...at least not until magic decided that they should be parents and bestowed another unexpected gift. But that's another story. {*} {*} {*} AUTHOR'S NOTE: Yet another result of my weakness for fests and prompts. LOL I hope you have enjoyed it. :) My constant thanks to Spades for her Amazing beta talents. How she puts up with me, I'll never know, but I'd be lost without her. Ya'll just don't Even know! HAHAHA Much Thanks to Her Royal Goddess for Brit-picking for me. She keeps me straight and prevents me from embarrassing myself with Americanisms. If you are so inclined, share your thoughts and feed my addiction. Feedback IS my Crack! ;) LOLOL Sincerely, Cynthia