as the knot was forced into his arse and promptly swelled to seal them together. A massive roar reverberated off of the surrounding brick walls as the wolf spilled his seed and bit down hard over the junction of Harry's neck and shoulder. Harry screamed again, but this time the pain melted into pleasure as his own orgasm washed over him, the rhythmic spasms squeezing Moony's knot and triggering another wave of seed and a snarl against Harry's neck. Harry lay limply beneath the warm weight of Moony's body as the wolf began to lick over his neck, soothing the wound he had left behind while his cock continued to pump wave after wave of cum into Harry's abused arse. He knew Remus would be mortified when he came back to himself but Harry was already prepared for his anger and his arguments. Remus was not a fully transformed werewolf at the time he bit Harry so the effects would be minimal; Harry figured that he would be no worse off than Bill, and he and Fleur were perfectly happy. He was not at peak fertility so pregnancy was not a risk for the moment; they had plenty of time to discuss children, even if they had to argue. As determined as Harry was, they would have their family eventually. The knot finally began to soften and the still large cock slid out of Harry's arse with a wet squelch, thick cum dripping from his well-fucked hole. Harry flushed in embarrassment when Moony fell to his knees behind him and began to lap at his arsehole like a dog at a water dish, but he supposed it was no different than him soothing the wound in his neck. At first, the rough tongue felt like sandpaper over Harry's raw arsehole but soon it began to feel quite pleasurable again. Harry was hard in no time and made no argument when Moony flipped him over to swallow down his cock, licking and sucking him enthusiastically until Harry was coming down the wolf's throat with a loud groan as he was swallowed down hungrily. Harry was tired and sated but apparently, his wolf was not. Moony leaned over Harry, carefully licking and scenting the lean body beneath him from cock to throat, checking that he had eradicated any foreign scent on his mate. Satisfied with a final lick over Harry's mark, he stood, yanking Harry's body closer. Harry's legs were spread and pushed up towards his chest as Moony thrust into him sharply. There was no hesitation as the wolf fucked into him ruthlessly, snarling softly at Harry's submission. Harry could only groan and accept the bruising cock once more. He had known what he was getting into after all. Moony slid his arms beneath Harry's thighs until his knees hung over the crook of his elbows, one hand cupping a buttock and the other pressed to Harry's lower back. Harry barely had a moment to grasp Moony's shoulders before the wolf hoisted him upright, his hips still pistoning up into Harry's arse. Harry had no control, he found himself hanging there supported by strong arms as the force of the wolf's thrusts bounced him nearly off of the massive cock, only to have gravity slam him down hard onto the thick shaft, burying it deep in his arse over and over. Harry's head fell back as he rode his mate's cock, loud grunts forced from his lips with every bounce. The pain had dimmed to a dull ache and the pleasure was intense, Harry's cock beginning to fill again when he realized Moony could keep him like this for an indeterminate amount of time given his strength. He moaned at the thought and the prospects for the future. Harry lost all track of time in the flex of Moony's arms, the rocking of his pelvis, and the deep filling strokes of his cock. He barely noticed the swell of the knot catching and slowing their speed, finding himself on his back atop the crate moments later as Moony drove his knot home and filled his arse again, triggering his own cock to spill between their bellies. Harry was content, staring up at the creature he had mated, a polar opposite to the man he knew, yet he loved them both. He reached up, pulling Moony close for a lingering kiss, just because he could. He smiled at the expression on Moony's face when he released him, slightly confused by the tenderness when he was still governed only by instinct. Harry endured the tongue cleaning cum off his abdomen then his arsehole again, though he was far too sensitive now and couldn't possibly manage another orgasm. When he was finished, Moony scooped Harry up, carrying him deeper into the alcove and tucking him into a large crate lying on its side. Moony crawled into the crate, curling himself around Harry's body with one arm wrapped possessively around his waist and promptly fell asleep. Harry smiled at his mate's protectiveness, reaching up to run his fingers through the sweaty brown hair. He was tired too but Harry had no intention of spending the night naked in a crate down Knockturn Alley. They still had a full moon coming and Remus would need his potions. Knowing he needed to get his mate home, Harry quietly summoned Dobby. A few whispered instructions had the elf collecting their belongings and returning them to Grimmauld Place. To be safe, Harry had the elf return to apparate them straight to Remus's bed, he was too tired to trust himself to transport the both of them safely. In no time at all, they were warmly ensconced in Remus' bed and sleeping soundly. Harry thought he had a much better idea of how to spend the full moon from now on, keeping his mate company in their bed. Severus' jar of ointment sat waiting on the bedside table. After all, there was a honeymoon to get to. {*} {*} {*}