the small window as they get further and further away from her. When she wakes up she's not yelling or screaming or kicking - there are tears running down her face, and they're hopeful, thankful, taste sweet in her mouth. They turn sour when she realizes it was just a dream. All she has left to do is hug herself, crying back to sleep. On the 321st day, Ron throws up for the first time. He triggers the rest of them again and again and again, until there's nothing left for them to throw up anymore, and a few times more after that. By the time they're able to stop there's blood, mixed with bile, running down their necks, and tears running down their faces, and maybe if they throw up some more they'd die, so she throws up again. On the 322nd day, Draco slips her a note, scribbled hastily on the torn corner of a parchment. She reads it, tears filling her eyes, and then she shoves it in her mouth and chews it to tiny little pieces she forces herself to swallow. She nods and gives Draco a weak grin, which he - hesitantly and quickly, - returns. I'll break you out , it said, and hope filled her once again. On the 348th day, Draco caresses her cheek. It's a small gesture, but it's the only gentle touch she'd felt in almost a year. A small sign of affection, so dangerous and so necessary, and she feels herself tremble with emotions she almost forgot existed. On the 349th day, Draco gives a small squeeze to Harry's hand, and even all the way from her cell she can see the ghostly smile he's rewarded with. On the 350th day, Ron scrambles to get away from Draco's hands, horror evident in his eyes. When the blonde just runs his fingers lightly through his hair, the redhead breaks down and cries, hugging him close to his chest. They hold each other for a few seconds, but it's more meaningful than any other hug she'd ever witnessed in her life. Draco's eyes shine a little when he leaves. On the 365th day, she's once again the main entertainment, though this time both of her boys escort her, tied up on each of her sides. ("Don't you look pretty like that, Mudblood?" he asks and she answers, she always answers.) The formerly-masked monsters laugh and poke and flick, but she doesn't care because they can do whatever they want. She has hope again, and they have a chance to win. A small chance, but that's all she asks for. All she's got left. They plan it. Draco passes her notes, she nods her answers, and they converse silently back and forth for weeks. Therefore, she's not surprised when Narcissa Malfoy is chosen to escort them back to cell - because they were three weak, abused and helpless pregnant teens crawling on the floor, defenseless hostages in the hand of the most powerful wizard alive. They would not escape. They could not escape. Except they do. They're led down the stairs again, and Draco waits for them, and there's a plain, brown bag in his hands. Narcissa helps them stand up, hands stabilizing their unsteady bodies. Her best friends are confused - wary even, - because seeing them exchange notes, feeling Draco's comforting hands and smile, it's not the same as knowing they can trust him. However, they trust her blindly and so follow her guidance as she smiles and walks up to the blonde. He's kneeling, one hand keeping the bag open, and the other outstretched with a rare yet tight smile gracing his face. She kisses him lightly, hugs his neck for support, and gets into the bag one leg after another. Her boys don't take long to join her, and when they do they look around with awe and a hint of recognition, and they're quiet and still as the world around them gets dark. They're moving and it's almost like being on a boat. They're holding their breathes and each other's hands as they move, and they hope and hope and hope and hope - After what feels like years later, the bag opens. "We're out of there." His voice, which she hadn't heard in years, is like music to her ears. His face, staring at them from way far above, is paler than usual, but there's not a scratch on the handsome features. He'd been ready to fight for them, to die for them, and they're lucky he did not. They get out, and it's a small dusty and dirty apartment in the outskirts of some town three Apparition locations and four buses away from the manor. Narcissa makes them food, and Hermione almost breaks down and cries when she's finally able to locate their wands in the bag. They clean themselves up, just as much as they can, and Draco patches up and heals whatever wounds he can. They're holding each other, and they're holding him. They're not speaking, and they're not crying - not yet, not until it's all over, and they still have a long way to go. They still have months to go. In the morning; she wakes up. She finds herself in a tangle of bodies, sweaty and messy, and warmer than they should be. She opens her eyes. Blonde, ginger, black. She clutches them close, pressing them into her body and her heart as if she'd never let them go. She swears she'd never let them go. And on the 367th day, Hermione smiles. "My story is of such marvel that if it were written with a needle on the corner of an eye, it would yet serve as a lesson to those who seek wisdom." ~ 1001 Arabian Nights Thank you for reading! I haven't posted a fic in about 10 years and am super worried about it, so I hope it wasn't horrible. Reviews are more than welcome! :)