came up behind her and attacked before she could reach her husband. "Stupefy" he whispered. "Mum he hurt you! I'll kill hi-" "No you most certainly will not." James sternly said. "Yeah pup, that's our job," Sirius added, to the horrified looks of Lily, Molly and Hermione and a nod from Remus. Lily fell, unconscious even before she hit the ground. Peter looked at his former friends, all of them lying on the floor of their own home, hurt and betrayed by their own friend. He took a shaky breath and tried to calm his frantically beating heart. He was certain that if he hadn't cast the silencing charm on the door then Lily would have been able to hear his heart thumping in his chest more loudly than the bottle breaking during the attack James and Sirius has so unrepentantly received. He cast another regretful glance at his friends and then left the room clumsily and made his way to Harry's room; all the time repeating under his breath "Forgive me, Harry…sorry James…Sirius, so sorry." "Not forgiven Wormtail," Sirius hissed. He had not thought he would get this far. He had hoped that James or Sirius or even Lily would have been able to stop him from doing this, but since they didn't expect him of any sort of betrayal, let alone an attack and kidnapping of Harry, he had managed this far. He didn't want to do this but there was no other way. The Dark Lord was very clear in his instructions. Harry was going to meet his fate at the hands of Voldemort himself. He slowly opened the door and found Harry sleeping soundly clutching his stuffed toy hippogriff. Peter looked down at the sleeping child and felt the horrible sensation of guilt wash over him. He was leading this child to his death. Harry was only a year old, he was just a baby. "YES! HE WAS A BABY PETER! MY BABY! WHY! WHY WOULD YOU-" Lily broke down, sobbing into James' shoulder as Damien looked on, horrified to see his mother so broken. Molly moved over and sat next to Lily, wrapping her arms around her, offering comfort, mother to mother. Peter had felt just as happy at the birth of Harry as the rest of the Marauders, but once the prophecy had come to light things had changed. This boy was prophesized to bring down the Dark Lord. But for Peter, the Dark Lord had to win this war. Peter would have power beyond anything he could imagine. The boy had to go. Convincing himself that he was only ensuring his own survival, he gently lifted Harry and carried him out of the room, downstairs and without another glance at the three bodies lying on the floor, Peter opened the door and left Godric's Hollow forever. xxx Peter ran to the edge of the wards placed around the cottage and apparated to his Lord's lair. His master was waiting for him, surrounded by only two members of his inner circle. With shaky hands Peter placed Harry on the stone floor at Lord Voldemort's feet. Harry was surprisingly still fast asleep and didn't even stir. Peter quickly dropped to his knees and crawled to Voldemort and kissed the hem of his robes while speaking in a shaky and quiet voice. "Master, I have done what you asked of me. Master, this is Harry." Voldemort turned his scarlet eyes to the sleeping child and let his face break into a satisfied smile. He was an attractive man Everyone flinched at this. It was true, but they refused to think of him as attractive. He was a murderer, a monster, and to them, ugly. with long dark hair and features that had gotten him a lot of interest in his younger years. The only thing that showed the true monster within was his pair of devilishly red eyes which seem to burn into whoever dared to look at him. He tore his eyes away from Harry and looked at the cowering form of his spy Death Eater. "Rise Wormtail, You have done well. For once you have not messed up and have actually completed a task." He watched the pitiful man rise shakily, uttering his gratitude and go on and on about what a gracious Lord he was. "Enough!" Voldemort hissed, instantly quietening Peter. "Bella, lift the boy and let me have a closer look at the brat!" Bella came almost instantly to lift Harry of the cold floor and hold him up to the Dark Lord for him to see. Voldemort took in all the detail of the child. He was disgusted with children in the whole. He had not quite forgotten how children had taunted and ridiculed him in that horrible orphanage that had been his past. Moody took note of this, prepared to research this orphanage later. Anything to help him understand that monster better. However, this child had a powerful magical aura that seemed to hover all around the boy. He was exceptional, there was no doubt about that and if Voldemort had let the child live then the Potter brat would most likely be his downfall. 'Such a waste of power' thought Voldemort. He drew his wand and heard the breaths sucked in by the Death Eaters present. He smiled to himself, this was going to be sweet and he was going to enjoy every moment of it. He pointed the wand at Harry's head just as the child opened his emerald eyes and looked innocently at Voldemort. There was a muttered incantation and a sudden blinding green light filled everyone's sight. Peter closed his eyes just before the spell was uttered, but could still sense the green penetrate his closed eyelids. 'Sorry Harry' was all he could think, as the blinding light faded and threw everyone into darkness once more. Lily let out a sob at the last line, believing, no matter what Dumbledore said, that Harry was dead. xxx