Although, his Aunt Petunia would be the only one to even touch the salad, as his uncle and cousin would never even consider touching a vegetable. Harry himself was only ever allowed to eat the scraps left over from the meal. After finding all the things he would need to cook dinner, he began getting everything ready. After a few minutes of prep work, he started cooking the rice, as that would take the longest. Next, he threw the chicken in the oven and started cutting up various vegetables for the salad. Once he had finished with the salad, and was waiting for the chicken to finish cooking, Harry started to think about Sirius. He had tried his best not to think about his Godfather while he had still been at Hogwarts. With everything else that had been going on in his life, he didn't need the added stress and sadness that went along with thinking about his dad's best friend. Yes, he had been ecstatic to hear about the man's existence, and even more so when he finally got the chance to meet him. But, it hurt knowing that they couldn't spend time together. Couldn't get to know one another; considering Sirius' current situation. BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! The loud, incessant beeping coming from the smoke detector shook Harry from his thoughts. Whipping his head to the oven, he saw smoke streaming out of it. As fast as he could manage, he turned off the stove, opened the oven door and with a hand towel, pulled the baking pan out and threw it in the sink. He turned the faucet on to cool the burnt chicken and baking pan. He was just about to open a window to air out the room when he heard heavy, thunderous footsteps making their way toward him. As he turned around, his face paled and he noticed everything as if it were in slow motion. His aunt standing at the dinner table with her arms crossed over her chest, a scowl plastered on her face. His cousin, standing in the doorway to the living room, a big smirk on his face; probably excited for what was about to come Harry's way. His uncle, red faced, trembling and furious, stalking towards him. Harry put his hands up in a placating manner as he shook his head and stuttered, "U-Uncle-" but wasn't able to finish his desperate plea for mercy. "What the hell do you think you're doing, BOY!" his uncle said in a rage induced shout, now just a few feet away. Harry saw the large, meaty fist being raised. He saw as it started coming his way. Before he could react, he felt a huge force make contact with the side of his head, breaking his glasses, which cut his face in a few spots, and causing him to fall to the ground. "Get up, you ungrateful piece of trash!" Vernon said as he grabbed Harry be the hair and started pulling him out of the kitchen, his broken glasses left behind along with quite a bit of blood spatter. "You think you can go off on your freakish adventures, then have me drive for hours just to bring you back here where no one even wants you? Then, you have the nerve to ruin dinner for the whole family! I'll teach you the respect you're lacking, and I'll force that freakishness out of you if it's the last thing I do!" the morbidly obese man said as he dragged Harry up the stairs and shoved him down onto the floor of his bedroom. Vernon slammed the door shut and started trudging over to the prone form of Harry. "If it weren't for that old freak, Dumble-whatever, paying us to keep you around, I probably would have gotten rid of you by now!" he said as he started kicking and punching Harry with no remorse. At this point, his uncle wasn't saying anything at all. He seemed to be content with giving Harry a beating that made last years seem like a slap on the wrist. All Harry could hear for the next thirty minutes were the heavy breathing and grunts of his uncle, the sounds of bones breaking and all the other noises that went along with the devastating beating he was getting. The only other sounds he heard were the angry and frantic hoots of his beloved snow owl. He wouldn't cry, though. No matter how much he wanted to in this moment. No matter how much pain he was in. Years ago, he had promised himself that he would never again give his family the satisfaction of seeing tears in his eyes. As Harry was kicked in the head with quite a bit of force, his vision began to lose focus. Finding it hard to breathe, and even more difficult to keep his now swollen eyes open, he felt himself starting to black out. The last thing he heard before he was rendered unconscious was a powerful, rage-filled shout: "STUPEFY!" And there's chapter one of my new story for you! I really hope you enjoyed it. If not, let me know why! Like I said in the beginning author's notes, don't expect a chapter every day from me as I like to take my time thinking things through and editing to the best of my ability. With that being said, even if you know what you're looking for, it's still easy to sometimes miss a spelling or grammatical error. So, if you happen to spot one, shoot me a PM and I'll fix it! Also, I rated this story as T so far. It will probably change in the future, but for now, I'll keep it at T. However, if any of you think this story should be rated M for the abuse scene, please let me know, and I'll change it immediately! Thanks for reading, and see you in the next installment of Grey Skies Over the Horizon ! -Mystiirious