freak's fault; just wait until we get home, then I can punish him for it.' Harry looked at his uncle and could practically read the thoughts that ran through his mind and it made his anger level rise. He knew that this was most likely Dumbledore's doing and it just added on to the list of things that made Harry hate the man. He knew that their helpful 'advice' would do the exact opposite and knew that he would pay for it when he got to the house; though he had no intention of letting anything like that happen. Harry turned to the others. "Is that all?" "Yes," Shacklebolt nodded. "Good," he nodded. "Can we go now?" "Sure you can," Tonks placed a hand on his shoulder. "Just keep your chin up Harry and it'll be the end of summer before you know it." "Yeah," he answered absently; he didn't really want to be in their presence any more than necessary. He was still angry with Dumbledore and now he was angry with them for what they did today. "We should go," Remus said suddenly as if he sensed the mood that Harry was in. "Right," Moody nodded. "See you Harry," Remus looked directly into his eyes and Harry saw something in them; something that he was having a little bit of trouble understanding. When he did, a shocked looked passed through his eyes quickly before he shielded it; that seemed to be what Remus was looking for because he nodded and turned to leave along with the others. When they were gone, Harry turned to his uncle. His eyes narrowed as he saw the anger and rage in Vernon's eyes. Letting his own rage and anger seep into his eyes, he dared him to say anything. Vernon, who truly was about to say something stopped when he saw the look in his nephew's eyes. "I am not in the mood for any of your drivel today," Harry hissed to his uncle. "Keep your mouth shut and get in the car." "Boy," Vernon warned; he was not about to be commanded by the twerp and especially in public. Harry took a step closer to his uncle; the rage and anger in his eyes intensified making them glow slightly with the power and menace; Harry smirked when he saw his Uncle's eyes widen in fear. Without saying anything he entered the back of the car and slammed the door behind him. Vernon stood still for a few minutes, fear rolling off him before he moved to the car. Without saying anything, he started the car and pulled out. Throughout the drive, Vernon would periodically look back at his nephew but he refrained from saying anything; the way Harry's emerald eyes darkened, scared him into staying quiet. By the time he pulled up to the house, his hands were slightly shaking as Harry's eyes had gotten even darker. The moment the car was turned off he hurried out and escaped into the house leaving Harry still sitting in the car. "Vernon?" Petunia Dursley looked at her husband with worried eyes. "What's wrong?" Before he could answer, Harry walked in with Hedwig on his shoulder. "What did I tell you about that animal?" Petunia hissed to him, moving forward with her hand raised. "Pet," Vernon said, remembering the look in Harry's eyes at the station and in the car. "Not now Vernon," Petunia said. "The freak knows better than to walk in here with that…that animal out for all to see." She was steps away from him when Harry looked directly into her eyes; she stopped suddenly, paralyzed by the look in her nephew's eyes. "I wouldn't do that if I were you Aunt Petunia," Harry spoke softly but the coldness in his voice, combined with the dark look in his eyes, sent a sense of foreboding through Petunia's body. Suddenly fearing her nephew, Petunia took a few steps backwards until she stood next to Vernon; seeing it, Harry smirked which caused a shiver of dread to travel through their bodies. "Good," Harry spoke. "Now, it's time for the ground rules; I am done being the good little boy for you people. As of this moment, I will no longer be your willing slave and I shall do what I want without any interruptions from either of you. The Harry Potter that has been living here for the past five years is no more and you can thank the "freaks" for it as they decided to take away the one person that meant the most to me. If any of you decided to treat me like you have since I turned eleven, I promise you that you will not like what I will do. Now, I'm going to go to my room and I will appreciate it if you left me alone until I say otherwise. Is that understood?" Too terrified to say anything, all Vernon and Petunia could do was nod. "Good," Harry said before making his way up the stairs and to his room. When he was gone, Vernon and Petunia let out a shaky breath. Her eyes wide and fearful, Petunia turned to her husband. "He's back isn't he?" "Yes Pet," Vernon whispered. "He's back; God help us he's back." For the first time in years, Petunia and Vernon were terrified of their nephew. A/N 2: well, that's the first chapter. For the part with Sirius, I was angry when I saw that scene in the movie and read it in the book; I don't think Sirius would've acted so careless, no matter how much of a joker/prankster he was, if Harry's life was in danger. I mean, the man broke out of Azkaban and risked Dementors to protect him! I always disagreed with that scene so this is my way of correcting it. Anyways, read and review and let me know what you think of the story so far. I look forward to reading what you have to say.