they could "get along well". Severus would pay him back with contempt for every single second that he had to spare for brewing that highly complex Potion, which prevented the werewolf destroying his rooms. Besides, Severus didn't like the fact that there was now yet another person at Hogwarts who remembered him as a helpless, worthless boy. But most shocking of all was perhaps that, despite his hatred for the man, Severus could not help noticing the curve of his jaw, the unwavering smile and the twitching in the corners of his mouth, but most of all the magnificent amber colour of his eyes, twinkling much like Albus's, shining golden in the candlelight, as more than merely agreeable. He appreciated this kind of handsomeness, enhanced by the lines the past years had carved into Lupin's skin and the silver streaks it had painted into his light brown hair. It was the kind that would have caught his eye had he passed the werewolf in the street, unaware of his identity. Notwithstanding the shabbiness of his robes, the tired expression, the unhealthily thin frame, the dark rings under his eyes. Lupin was the kind of man who looked nonchalantly, effortlessly handsome even when ill. Whose smile captured Severus's eyes and would not let them go again. Severus wanted to make it disappear, he couldn't bear it. "Life hasn't been kind to you, has it, Lupin?" he said smoothly as Lupin made to turn away. Lupin stopped but made no reply. He seemed to be waiting for more to come. "I would have thought that you'd at least buy yourself a new set of robes for tonight." Lupin turned slowly round, his smile still twitching mysteriously. He met Severus's glare quite steadily with his astonishingly amber eyes. Yes, amber, indeed, not usual brown. But that was neither here nor there. Still there was something in them, some strange light that almost made Severus back off. "It means nothing to me," said Lupin, cocking his head to the side again. "It surprises me that it does to you." He said it quite calmly but Severus couldn't help feeling uneasy. As Lupin turned, his smile widening still, Severus thought he looked as though he wore those patched robes like ermine and purple round his shoulders and that impression did not cease when he glanced at him at the High Table, sitting rather far away from him. Even though he looked even shabbier in the Great Hall, with its gold plates and everybody in their best robes, he had an air about him like a weary king, surrounded by his noisy entourage. One could have thought he was wearing the most magnificent robes of all, for all it seemed to matter to him. Remus Lupin seemed to be looking past such sordid matters as appearance, had learnt, perhaps, that it made no difference how expensive or handsome one's clothes were if they concealed a rotten character. And maybe it was what people called "inner beauty" that enhanced his outer appearance. Severus shook his head at the thought. Ridiculous. Lupin looked as though he was quite happy where he was, sitting beside Flitwick, chatting with him rather animatedly. Severus found that he was insolent for showing so openly that he relished the position that should have been Severus's when it was Severus who enabled him to work at Hogwarts. Shooting loathing glances down the table at Lupin, Severus wondered how he could manage to get rid of him without actually laying hands on him. Albus would know if he did. But having to associate with Lupin for a whole year, not least of all because of the Wolfsbane, was promising to make this year an especially unpleasant one. Not even the prospect of catching Black could lighten Severus's mood. Dementors, werewolves, and murderers everywhere. It couldn't be a coincidence that Lupin turned up now of all times, when Black was on his way to Hogwarts. Albus must see this connection, he could not be so blind, this werewolf could not be trusted, Albus had seen what he was capable of even at a young age. After the feast, Severus returned to his rooms, frustrated and tired. He shed his robes on his way to bed and fell into the sheets with a heavy sigh. What if Lupin helped Black to kill Potter? How would Albus feel then about his decision to appoint Lupin instead of Severus? Not that Severus didn't approve of any plan that involved Potter's untimely death. He sighed again. No, this wasn't about Black or Potter, this was about the fact that Albus had appointed a man who had helped making Severus's adolescence the most unpleasant and humiliating time of his life. He felt betrayed. He would have to talk to Albus. First thing in the morning. He pulled the blanket over his head and closed his eyes. And thought of Lupin's face. He couldn't help it. This was something irrational that couldn't be suffocated by his dislike. It was inexplicable. There was something in those eyes and that smile, in that mild face that made Severus feel … no, impossible, he shouldn't even think about that. But it was there, no doubt, a feeling he couldn't suppress, fueled by that involuntary respect Lupin commanded. It was inappropriate and unwanted. But something about Lupin had Severus see him even when his eyes were closed. And his mere sight made his anger cease, replaced by a burning curiosity and a wish to figure him out. He had felt it before, at school. And yet he hated the man, he loathed him for it. And now he had to bear his terribly relaxed behaviour and his annoyingly mysterious smiles. There was nothing he could do about it. But as he lay there, drifting off to sleep, his last irrational thought was that he might not want Lupin to go away at all, at least not before he had unraveled the mystery behind those defiant smiles.