if you know what I mean." "Er- okay." Remus looked away towards the counter, as if he was working out what to order. Sirius's gleeful face fell flat. Was Remus just being nice? Did he not get why Sirius had invited him here? A minute later, Remus looked back at him with an ordinary expression. He seemed guarded. "Coffee?" "Sure," said Sirius. "Listen, about a minute ago-" "What happened a minute ago?" "Nothing, I guess. Forget it." "Okay, I'm going to get some pastries from the counter. A sort of celebratory thing, you know? You did great. I'm so happy for you." Remus smiled at him again, and Sirius's heart fluttered. But as he watched Remus head towards the back of the busy room, his eye caught sight of another familiar face. "I'll be right back," he murmured. A minute of squeezing between tables and ducking under trays of sandwiches later, Sirius was right next to James's table. "Hey, man," he said, eagerly punching his friend in the arm. "I haven't seen you for ages!" The person across from James, who Sirius had walked past without a thought, dropped his mug mid-sip, shattering it on the table. The cafe went quiet. "S- Sirius?" the person sputtered. "What the fu-" Sirius's heart pounded. That voice. "Regulus," he breathed. "James, what is- how did you-" "Wait, you know him?" James said, his eyes flickering between the two. He narrowed his eyes. "You two haven't dated, right? Because people who look alike are more likely, I heard." "No, I haven't dated him," Regulus scoffed. He closed his eyes. "He's my brother." "I wouldn't go that far," Sirius mumbled. But he stared at Regulus, trying to fix each vaguely-familiar feature in his head. Two years, and everything had changed. "Your what?" James screeched. He stood up from the table, knocking over his chair in the process. "Sirius, we have to talk." Sirius wordlessly followed his one and only friend outside, where they leaned against the cafe window together. Inside, the noise had started to pick up again. "Why didn't you tell me you had a brother?" "I told you I had family problems. Right when we met. Besides," Sirius said, his face resolving into a frown. "You didn't ask." "He told me he had a brother. But I thought he was in the army or something, not living in my dad's trailer! I could have linked you two up!" "How do you even know him?" James stared uncomprehendingly at Sirius. "We're dating. We've been together for a few months." "He's only eighteen." "And I'm twenty. You have a problem with that?" "No," said Sirius, sullen. He breathed out, watching the cars go by. The coincidence was so unlikely that it had to be true. "If you want me to end it…" "Nah, I don't care. I just need some time. I haven't seen him in two years. It's been awhile." Sirius dropped his voice. "Is he...okay?" James frowned. "He's always been a little bothered about you being gone, but he's not… hurt physically, if that's what you mean." "Yeah. Listen, thanks. Go ahead and date him. Just let us catch up." Sirius straightened, having realized something. "Hey, I just met this guy. You wouldn't know him, but we met today, and honestly, I think he's pretty amazing. He's inside." James smirked. "Then let's go back inside." Sirius was shocked to see Regulus sitting at the table with Remus, and more shocked still to notice that they were chatting animatedly. He stood helplessly at the door until James shoved him towards the table. "You didn't tell me you were gay!" his brother exclaimed. Sirius's jaw dropped open, and he tried to ignore the stares they were receiving from other customers. "Shut up, you don't have to tell the whole city," he growled. Remus was biting his lip, and he wasn't sure if that was good or bad. "But yeah, I am. Fun fact." "Well," said Regulus, "It seems that Remus here is too. I've gotten over my initial surprise and thought to investigate on your behalf. You two are seeing the new Avengers movie together on Saturday." "What the…" Sirius trailed off. "You can't arrange dates for me!" James snickered. "He just did. Love you, Reg." "Okay," Sirius maintained. "No pet names directed at my brother when I'm around." There was an audible sigh from both Regulus and James at these words. Sirius rolled his eyes. "And about Remus… Well, do you actually want to hang out with me sometime?" he asked, somewhat shyer than usual. "Yeah, I'd love to," Remus replied. "Great," Sirius said quickly. He grinned his insatiable grin, unable to contain the excitement, confusion, and nervousness that were flooding his body. "Hey, I just need to talk to my brother for a sec, is that okay? I'll be right back." "Let's go," said Regulus. He waved to James, who had already begun a conversation with Remus about movies he'd worked for. They walked outside and stopped at the same place that James had spoken to him before. "Listen, Regulus…" Sirius said helplessly. "You had to do it," Regulus said quietly. "I didn't stay too much longer. Got out when I turned eighteen. It wasn't too long." "I didn't mean to blame you. It just felt like…" "Yeah. I know." Regulus gave him a sad smile. "Let's just move on. I never thought I'd see you again and I want to relish it." "I missed you. I was looking for you." Regulus nodded, then stepped forward and hugged his brother. "I missed you too." They held each other for a few seconds, Sirius thinking about the warmth and how his brother probably smelled better than he did, but it was okay because he was okay and Regulus . Then they let go, their arms retreating to their sides. Sirius couldn't remember the last time he'd felt that close to his brother. "Let's go inside," he said. to be found by someone you love