his cock. "Yes! Oh fuck, Ron. More...give me more!" Harry's head fell back against the shower wall baring his throat with his fervent plea. Ron wasted no time taking advantage of the display, lowering his mouth to the junction of neck and shoulder to kiss and suck his mark into Harry's flesh as he held him tight, earning him another cry of pleasure from Harry's lips. Harry's thrusts were becoming erratic, letting Ron know he was close. He tightened his hold on Harry's arse, two fingers slipping into the wet soapy cleft as he did so. That was all it took to push Harry over the edge and have him coming with a shout, his nails digging into Ron's shoulders, adding his own mark to their frantic lovemaking. He slumped against Ron's broad chest, absently dropping kisses along the wet skin as he recovered. Ron's arms came up to wrap him in a loose hug and Harry felt a rightness to their actions he would not have expected before today. His musings were disturbed, however, by Ron's shoulders and chest beginning to vibrate with soft laughter. Puzzled, Harry pulled back to look his best friend in the face. Those blue eyes were shining with happiness. "I'm sorry, Harry. But you so begged, mate." Harry's mouth fell open as he stared at his best friend laughing in earnest now. He punched Ron's shoulder lightly, pushing him away. "Prat! I so did not." "Did too." "Did not." Their debate soon devolved into an all too easy back and forth, Ron imitating Harry's begging in a sing-song voice while Harry pinched and tickled him mercilessly, demanding that he take it back. Just two good friends carrying on as always, that is, until the heating charm ran out and they were suddenly doused in cold water. The argument was forgotten as they tumbled over each other with a yell, trying to escape the onslaught only to fall gracelessly to the floor. Ron hit with a thud and Harry landed on top of him, knocking the wind out of both their sails with a loud grunt. "Bloody hell! You're heavy for your size." Ron lay on the floor, more concerned with breathing than his nakedness and the chill as the air hit his wet skin. Harry rolled off to lay next to Ron staring at the ceiling. "Nothing but solid muscle, babe. Had to keep fit to win the war." Ron huffed, "Don't I know it. I thought I'd die from chaffing, having to rub one out every time I saw you with your shirt off, let alone in the shower. At least now I can enjoy everything I've admired from afar all this time." Ron's ever-present insecurities staged a sudden comeback as he turned his head to look Harry in the eye. "Right?" Harry turned towards Ron and placed a chaste kiss on his lips. "Right. Just like I get to enjoy every inch of your hard body and thick cock for myself. Fair warning, the first day off we have I'm not letting you out of the bed all day." It was Ron's turn to roll towards Harry, one arm draped over the narrow waist as he propped up on his elbow to return the kiss with a bit more heat than his partner had. "I'd say it's a date." Just when it looked as though round two was about to get underway, the bathroom door suddenly swung open. Luna's dreamy gaze roamed the room until she lit upon the figures on the floor. "Oh. Hello. We heard a racket downstairs so I told your mum I would come see about it since she was busy with breakfast. I suspect one of the more mischievous creatures of course. They'll act out when a house is unsettled or in transition." Luna kept looking about, seemingly oblivious to the naked men scrambling to cover themselves. "Was it an imp then? Strange for them to come inside but they are notorious for tripping unsuspecting witches and wizards." Ron and Harry shared matching looks of bemusement. It was Harry who cleared his throat, met Luna's questioning expression, and somehow replied with a straight face. "Wrackspurts. My fault entirely; tripped me right up and landed us both in the floor." Ron bit his lip and nodded along with the most earnest expression he could manage. "You should be more careful Harry. They do seem rather fond of you." Luna intoned sympathetically. "Yes, they do seem to be. Sorry to have troubled everyone." Luna simply nodded before turning to go. "You'll probably want to get dressed now, breakfast will be ready shortly. I'll let Mrs Weasley know about the wrackspurts, Harry. She'll be so relieved. She was under the impression someone was having sex in the shower." Luna disappeared down the hall leaving her friends red-faced and sputtering behind her as she descended the stairs with a knowing smile on her face. {*} {*} {*} AUTHOR'S NOTE: I am constantly grateful to the people who aid me in my writing by betaing, running ideas, encouraging, and prompting. Even those evil plot bunnies they keep causing me to have since great stuff does have to start somewhere. HAHAHA Spades remains the Best beta out there and I am so glad she could do this one on short notice. If you haven't given her work a read you are Really missing out! Her Royal Goddess continues to be a font of great ideas along with her Brit-picking skills and Britisher insights. If you loved Luna at the end as much as I did then Thank Her! Last but not least, ladyofsilverdawn(ladyofSD) is an evil temptress continually throwing meaty fest prompts in my direction Knowing my weakness and taking advantage of it. LOL I tease because it always seems to work out well in the end so she is forgiven and I am grateful to her as well. Thank you all for continuing to read my varying adventures in writing. :-D Cynthia