then go take care of myself." Harry barks a sharp laugh and drops his hand back to Draco's hip. "As you wish, Malfoy." As always, the way Harry says his last name sends a little spike of adrenaline through his veins. Draco keeps his gaze steady as he rises, daring Harry to say so much as a word. He remains silent, but for a rumbling moan when Draco drops himself back down into his lap. Neither of them speaks again after that. Draco fuses his mouth to Harry's, his kisses hungry and demanding as he works himself on Harry's cock. He doesn't release Harry's hair, but Harry's hands skim over his shoulders, down his back. They grip his arse and stroke his straining thighs. He arches up to meet every one of Draco's downward thrusts, slamming them together in a collision of eager flesh. Draco's muscles burn from the exertion. Sweat snakes down his neck and belly. He only stops kissing Harry long enough to take small, gasping sips of air before plunging his tongue back between Harry's lips. He feels so much, bubbling in his gut and his chest and just beneath his skin, nearly ready to boil over. It is pleasure beyond pleasure, too many sensations to register them all. The scent of tea and sweat and old leather. The softness of Harry's hair between his fingers, the wet rasp of Harry's tongue against his, the hard thrust of Harry's cock inside him. When Harry's callused fingers wrap around his shaft, he is lost. Draco's orgasm overtakes him like a wave breaking on the shore, pouring through his body and churning him into a froth. He is barely aware of his moan vibrating his lips or Harry's fist still stroking along his length as he rocks with pleasure. But he knows when Harry follows him a moment later, hand clenching on Draco's hip as he bows upward. He buries himself as deep within Draco as he can possibly get and holds there for a long, shuddering moment as his cock throbs and fills Draco with new heat. Draco can't help but swivel his pelvis, draw a last, straining gasp from Harry's swollen lips. Harry finally slumps back into the chair, red and panting, eyes blinking and dazed. Draco would like to say something clever or teasing, but he can barely catch his breath and tremors of bliss still echo through him. All he can do is lay his head on Harry's shoulder and relax into his chest. Between them, the wings of the snitch flutter almost as fast as their heartbeats. It tickles and Draco shifts a little with a breathy chuckle. Harry grazes his palms up and down the muscles on either side of Draco's spine. They rest like that for awhile, until the position becomes uncomfortable and Draco shivers. Harry wraps his arms around Draco's waist and stands, drawing a cry of shock from Draco. He clings to Harry's neck awkwardly, frowning. This close, he can see the ring of darker green around the outer edge of Harry's irises. "What are you doing, Potter?" "Going back to bed," he says, with a tip of his chin. "It's still early." He curves an arm under Draco's arse, hefting him upward, and grabs his wand from the table with his free hand. With a flick of his wrist, he sends the tea things floating up the stairs ahead of them. Draco scowls but hooks his ankles behind Harry's back and lets himself be carried, trying not to notice how impressive the bulge of Harry's biceps are. The trip up the stairs is inelegant, bumbling, not entirely comfortable, and not at all romantic. His heart doesn't flutter a bit. Draco is sticky and chilly and now a little disgruntled. The feeling doesn't last long after Harry deposits him gently on the bed and returns with a warm, damp cloth to clean them both off. He crawls beneath the covers beside Draco and scoots close, wrapping his arm around Draco's shoulders. They drink their tea in silence, watching the neighbor's lights blink in the growing light. Harry sets aside his cup and yawns. Draco smothers one of his own. It's barely past sunrise on Christmas Eve day, and he has nowhere to be for hours. The comforter is warm, and Harry is warmer. And they just expended a rather lot of energy. Draco finishes the last of his tea. For a moment, he considers glancing into the cup and seeing what the leaves might tell him about his future, but he hands it to Harry to place on the bedside table instead. He scoots down, tugging an unresistant Harry with him. As usual, Harry allows Draco to arrange their positions to his satisfaction. He merely blinks sleepily as Draco tucks himself against Harry's side, head on his shoulder, and throws his arm and thigh across Harry. Harry's fingers trace ticklish patterns on Draco's back. They are both still completely naked, but for the leather cord around Harry's neck. Draco toys with the charm and yawns. Now that he is sleepy and sated and his guard is down, his foggy brain tries to insist he acknowledge the reason he chose Incolumitas for the incantation, the reason he tied the portkey to Rose Terrace. Safe and sound. Whole. And here. Draco sighs, shoving the thoughts away and pulling the comforter up around his shoulders. He can't deal with any revelations in his current state. Maybe, maybe when he sees his mother later, he can talk it over with her. But that is practically a whole day away, and at the moment all he wants to do is sleep. He resists the urge to press himself even closer to Harry. Which is ridiculous. He wriggles his cold toes against Harry's calf instead. Harry turns his head, presses his lips to Draco's temple. "Happy Christmas, Draco." Draco closes his stinging eyes and brushes his mouth against the curve of Harry's throat. "Happy Christmas, Harry."