the time he had finished his tale, they had bought most of the stuff he needed for Hogwarts. While what he said was logically plausible she still couldn't get over the fact that Dumbledore was such a manipulative bastard. "Therefore," finished Harry. "I'd like for you to please keep this a secret from Dumbledore." "Of course. Merlin knows what madness the man would do to get fame, if what you said was right." By now, the pair had entered Ollivanders. "Harry," instructed McGonagall. ""You go on ahead. I'll go get you Hedwig as well as think of a way to deal with Albus." Just as she left, Ollivander showed up. "Ah, Potter. I trust you are here for your wand?" "Yes, sir." "Hmm ... strange. For some reason, something seems off. Mind telling me something about yourself, perhaps it would hp me think of a want for you." "Well, I can control blood.". At this Ollivanders blinked. "A descendant of Morgana, her heir no less. This calls for something unique." ... "11 inches, holly, feather of a phoenix as the core, adorned with tooth of a vampire. As you use the tip to open up your flesh, it enhances itself as well by absorbing a little blood." Harry took the wand, the third of which he had tried out today and nicked his arm. To his surprise, the blood that would normally have flowed down his arm was drained by the wand. He felt a massive rush of power that sent his heart racing, and when he gave the wand a swing, he destroyed the desk. "Sorry, sir," he apologized. "It's quite alright, although ... curious." Despite knowing what Ollivander was going to say, Harry decided to play long. "What's curious, sir?" "I remember every wand I've made, and it just so happens that the phoenix whose feather resides in your wand happened to give another. However, seeing what the wielder of the wand did - extraordinarily terribly yet great things - I decided to add in the tooth of the vampire. Many people do not know this, Harry, but vampire fangs are extremely picky, a testament to the careful meals of their owners. By doing this, I had hoped, rather selfishly if I may add, that perhaps no one would be able to wield it the wand. And yet ... here you are. "You are destined for great things, Harry. There has not been a blood user in centuries, especially not in Britain. I hope you can stay in the light, unlike ... him." Harry nodded mutely, and paid Ollivander, giving his thanks in the process, and met up with McGonagall soon after, who had Hedwig by her side. "It's strange," McGonagall stated. "She looked at me expectantly as if she was asking for me to take her away from Eeylops. At this Harry chuckled. "Yes, she does that sometimes." "Now, child," she continued. "You have a full month before Hogwarts begins. I pray you will make good use of this time." "I will, Professor. I refuse to let so many people die like before. And I refuse to make the mistakes from the past life." "Oh, and one last thing, Potter." "Yes, Professor McGonagall." "Happy birthday." During the month between his birthday and Hogwarts, Harry studied his books tremendously as well as practicing on his magic. He retained all knowledge as well as skill from his past life and worked ceaselessly to maintain it. McGonagall, for her part, allowed him to practice, although she was stunned when she saw him produce a fully-developed Patronus, as well as Apparate. The result was she bought him books on topics that he didn't know so much on: Potions, Creatures, and Transfiguration. When the day arrived, McGonagall took Harry aside just before he entered Platform Nine and Three-Quarters. "Please stay safe," she urged. "I know that I will see you in Hogwarts, but you are the closest thing to a child to me. I've lost my husband before, I can't afford to lose you." Harry hugged her back to comfort her. "I know, Professor. But, as they say ... I'm my father's son." With this, he waved her goodbye and went into the platform. ' Why on earth did Molly just state the existence of Platform Nine and Three-Quarters?' he mused. 'That must be against the Statue of Secrecy. ' As he settled into his his compartment, a person walked up to him. "Mind if I sit here? Everywhere else is filled with idiots." He looked up, and suppressed a gasp when he saw Hermione. Back before this timeline, she had been, unknown to anyone until Harry broke it, been under the Imperius Curse by Ron. However, by the time she had broken out of it, she was emotionally fragmented and was left a hollow shell of her former self due to her inability to distinguish what was real or not anymore. Despite his initial hesitation, he decided to become friends with her once more, seeing that she had done no real harm to him before. "My name is Hermione Granger, what's yours?" "Harry Potter." At this, Hermione's eyes widened. "It's really you!" "Yes." Harry gave an inward smile as Hermione talked tirelessly with him, to which he answered once she stopped to breathe. "Sorry, is anyone sitting here?" asked someone. Harry looked at the speaker, who was a girl he recognized from Slytherin before but didn't know who. "Go ahead." Unlike Hermione, the girl was more reserved and decided to immerse herself in a book instead of talking. "My name is Hermione Granger, what's yours?" "Daphne Greengrass. And you?" Harry remembered now. She was the sister-in-law of Draco after the whole ordeal with Voldemort was over, aunt of Scorpius. "Harry Potter." Her eyes widened slightly but returned to normal almost instantly, causing Harry to smirk slightly. ' I can see why she was put in Slytherin. ' Just then, someone opened up the carraige. "Does anyone know where Harry Potter is?"