is the best Auror in this office. "I will not debate the subject," She smirks because she knows there is arguing on the subject. "This mission will require you to fully immerse yourself in the role. You must not communicate with anyone unless asked to do so. It may require you to spend more than six months from home, the time scale is undecided." Her ears perk at this bit of information she can think of nothing better, it would get her away from Rod, from the Dark Lord. It will also drag out her engagement allow her freedom for a little longer. Where can she sign, she looks eagerly at the paperwork almost considering stealing the paper. "I will warn you once you sign; there is no going back from this." "I'll do it," Bella confirms. "That this assignment will test you," "It can try." "Regardless, but I am warning you now, you will not agree with some aspects and I fear it will go against much you believe. Do you understand?" "Yes." "Once you sign, there is no room for change, you will leave tomorrow and after that, you will not see your family or friends until an unknown amount of time." "I'll do it." He regards her, cool eyes glazed in disbelief, sceptical; Scrimgeour pulls the paperwork lying it flat in front of Bella. He hands her a quill, which she accepts eagerly wondering where they will send her. Who will she be spending her time with, excitement courses through her body as she signs? The adrenaline of the upcoming assignment making her nearly bounce in her seat. "Very well," Scrimgeour acknowledges collecting the papers. "What is my assignment?" Bella questions, leaning back into her seat satisfied with herself. "Minister Eugenia Jenkin has asked for protection for Junior Assistant to the Minister for Magic, Miss Granger." The world lurches, she jerks in the chair hands flying to grasp the table, disbelief running through her she hopes this is Scrimgeour version of a joke. Instead, the Head Auror returns her blank stare no sign of a laugh on his face, the knowing look passing through his face. "No," Bella snaps furiously. "Absolutely not." "You have already signed." "Obliviate me," Bella demands as she slaps her hands against the desk. "I will not." He replies. "I forewarned you, you will complete this mission to your utmost ability, and with keeping the reputation of this unit in good standing. You will not fail this Bellatrix is that understood?" "I refuse," Bella hisses jumping to her feet. "Are you mad? My fiancé is against her very bill she is trying to pass. Everything I am goes against this, my whole family; she is a mud… muggleborn for Merlin sake. Surely she won't be happy with this; we don't have the best history." "The Minister has asked for my best Bellatrix. Alastor, unfortunately, is not suitable for this role, therefore; it falls to you. You are to guard Miss Granger you will become her shadow. A threat is against her life and I trust you will do your very best to protect her. Should I fear differently, I am not opposed to taking your badge and given some of your fiancé recent affiliations how safe will you be then?" Furious, Bella slams her fist against the desk in anger, cursing herself for being so foolish. She knows the risk of disappointing Aurors she is not that foolish. Biting her tongue, she prevents herself from saying anything more accepting the piece of paper held aloft by Scrimgeour she storms from the office. Packing her bags was easy, telling Rod she was going away for a while due to work was even easier, pausing on the brink of her door to leave made her heart ache. If her family finds out, if anyone finds out they will ruin her, the world will laugh at her. She ignores the tightening of her chest, vanishing from her home she reappears outside another mansion. Frowning, she steps through the metal gate, tension creeping up on her clawing at her back. She pauses at the main door, stealing herself for the reaction. How did Hermione Granger Mudblood come to have such a massive house? The last she heard Granger parents were dentists whatever that meant. A modest house if Bellatrix overheard a correctly during school. An elf opens the door, Bella refusing to knock; Bellatrix Black does not knock not for anyone. With a low bow, the elf lets Bella in earning a suspicious look from the Auror. Granger was all for Elf rights and now she has an Elf opening doors for her. Interesting has fame got to the younger witch, destroyed her morals if the house and greeting were anything to come from then it would appear so. It will make the next few months a lot more fun than Bella thought it would be. Stepping through the threshold, Bella allows the Elf to take her bag, snorting at the turn of events. The clicking of heels echoed in the marble room announces the mistress of the house, marching through the building. Feet stop a few feet away from the first look between old school rivals. Still the skinny know it all, bitch that Bellatrix remembers just grown up now. A smug grin etches onto Bella's face as she greets her new assignment. "Auror Black," Granger greets hands folded bushy hair controlled in a tight ponytail. "Let me show you around. Thank you, Saj." The elf bows, disappearing with the bags, leaving the two witches alone in the cold hallway. Disgust makes her want to spit, but she is far too keen to find out information. She will withhold her blatant disgust for a little while. This Hermione Granger is not the one Bella was expecting to meet and that makes the whole situation just more intriguing. A/n: So here it is, I don't know what it is nor where it's going. If it goes anywhere...