into glorious blue flames that dissolve into flakes of snow. A second flare emerges a giant blue dragon, blocking out the sun as it roars over the head of the crowd. It bursts apart covering the crowd in snowflakes the mountain alive with the screaming of joy. Flames light up, the Riddle cup blowing out a jet of magic Riddle standing tall his voice booms above all the noise. "WELCOME! To the Sixth Championships GAME!" Stepping back from the edge, Hermione sees the relief on Bella's face; she sends a small smile to the witch. Hoping to convey some sort of promise to her, that this is for real. Settling back into position, Hermione smiles to herself, her heart soaring, she can do this and this time she will get it right. She is no longer the student, Bella no longer her Professor they can do this start again. Go for that first date, grow closer, possibly get a house together, she can get a normal job at the Ministry. "Well done." Bella breathes against her ear. "Always nice to show off." "You're just jealous." Hermione replies, if she turns around she could capture those red lips. "Or turned on, take your pick." Hermione snorts at the answer shaking her head, unable to keep her eyes of Bella's arse as she swaggers away, out of tempting reach. Lee nudges her a gentle reminder that she is the centre of attention and goggling her old mentors arse is not the headline they want. "You dropped the L word yet?" Lee asks. "I'm working on it." "You know for a Gryffindor you're a bloody coward." "I'm scared I'll lose her." "She stuck with you for five years when you went to play with Dragon poop, I think she's serious." "That's the problem, Bella doesn't do commitments she hasn't and as far as I know she has had only one serious relationship and that ended badly." "Well fuck buddies is all good and well until someone gets hurt." She rolls her eyes, Lee is hardly the best person to take advice off, and after all, he spends much of his time jumping between beds. A shiver runs through her body, the feeling of someone watching her intently. She turns scanning the crowd most people's attention torn between Riddle, the cup and the Champions. A flash of blonde catches her attention, squinting, Hermione spots a little girl standing in the crowd. All alone, no older than seven wearing baggy clothes. Her whole body tingles, her magic pulses she clicks her neck, the tattoo on her left arm dances. She focuses solely on the child, glancing over the girls shoulder looking for an adult someone must be with her. Another shivers runs riot through her body, someone close by with incredible magic something glides past her, gaining her attention. She catches sight of a retreating form, her magic tingling in response. "Now," Riddle's voice rings out. "A word from our Last Champion." Hermione turns back to the girl, only to find her gone, she scans the crowd looking for the blond. Nothing. Frowning, Hermione steps forward feeling a gentle prod from Lee and she realises that she has a speech to make. Shaking her head, she steps towards the podium nodding her head towards Riddle who steps out the way. Stepping onto the podium, Hermione forces a smile, ignoring the way her hands shake clutching the already prepared speech from Lee. Placing the paper in front of her, the crowd so quiet she could hear a pin drop. Pressing her finger to her throat the amplifying charm ready to propel her voice across the crowd. Except the paper, the speech feels false not her; she spots the picked Champions waiting anxiously. Lifting the paper, she burns it in her hand her eyes sweeping across the crowd, a small cheer at her actions. She hears the face palm of Lee and she feels bad, knows how long he spent writing the speech. "I am supposed to stand here, to fill the Champions with spirit and the promise of glory. I cannot. The Riddle Championships are designed to test you, designed to eliminate the weak from the strong. You may enter with your best friends, who may become your greatest enemies. This Championship will destroy you, they will rebuild you and you may discover you are not the person you thought you were. None the less, you will discover new friends, new abilities and realise you are far stronger than you ever gave yourself credit for. I ask a favour of you though. I ask each one of you, before you cast a spell, before you risk everything; remember the person on the other end of your wands are your friends. They are your classmates. They have lives do not be so reckless. Never forget though, there can only be one winner," She smiles at the champions. "And one winner only. I wish you all the best." A cheer breaks out as she steps from the podium, smiling apologetically at Lee who throws his hands up in the air in exasperation. Riddle takes to the podium opening his hands to the crowd with a grin. "I declare the Sixth Champions OPEN!" The sky erupts in colour the celebration underway, Hermione sighs, turning to look at Bella who nods with approval at her speech. After all, they are both victims of the Championships. A/n: We begin again people! Are you ready for this, it is going to be crazy, so let's see where it goes. I want to see if we can beat Fractures, but that will come in time. The past five years of Hermione's life of everyone's life will come to light. I feel as though I should be writing something else but cannot think. All I can say is the amount of feedback for Fractures blew me away especially for the last chapter, I had over 80 emails that is insane. You people are incredible.