rushing towards DADA class. She arrives outside the door to find herself alone. Perhaps she was too early. Pushing the door open, she finds Professor Black behind her desk, flicking through paperwork. The Professor spares Hermione a quick glance before returning to her work. Taking that as her cue, Hermione sidles across to her usual seat. Moving so quietly Black has to look up to make sure the girl is in the classroom, she sets her books on the desk, in keeping with her usual, if OCD, behaviour. "I must say, I'm surprised." Professor Black's voice makes Hermione start and turn towards her teacher. "What about, Professor?" She asks, still upset over the Professor's earlier words. "Is it my homework?" Hermione wonders if she left something out. "You don't know?" Black replies, leaning back in her chair and clasping her hands in front of her. "Professor…" "Hermione!" Harry shouts, charging into the room like a bull. "She's in here, Ron!" He calls over his shoulder hastily, running up to Hermione's nearly organized desk, nearly upsetting her ink. A breathless Ron appears in the door. "I told you, mate, she'd be early to class." Ron states between gasps for air. "What's wrong?" Hermione questions, faintly amused by the whole affair, particularly Ron's wheezing, red faced appearance. "Nothing's wrong, per se ." Harry says scratching the back of his neck, an obvious sign of nervousness. "We need a fourth member." Ron completes Harry's sentence sharing a look with his friend. "For the championship?" clarifies Hermione. Both boys nod. "Then go get one." "We did. We put your name down." Harry smiles sheepishly at the look of shock on Hermione's face. "You did what?" Hermione demands, throwing her last textbook on the desk. "We needed a fourth member, and then we were arguing with Malfoy and the…" Ron trails of at noticing Black walking round to the front of her desk. "Finish that sentence Weasley." Black smirks at him. Harry finished it for him hurriedly. "Then… before we knew what was happening, Ron, being an idiot, said we already had a team and Draco asked why we weren't signing up and we signed you up as our fourth." "What?" Hermione stares at her friends in disbelief. They signed her into the championships without her permission. "I have no interest in this." "There's a surprise." Black whispers under her breath, as she crosses her arms. "Shall I presume, then, that these two idiots added you to their team as an unwilling participant?" "Yes." Hermione agrees, sending her friends an angry glare. "You do realise withdrawing your team means none of you will be able to enter as any other team?" Black reminds them. "Hermione, please," Harry begs. "I don't often ask things of you." "You ask things of me every day." Hermione grumbles. "True, but this is important to me. My dad won the Championships. I want to have a chance to win, too." "Harry, your dad may have won, but it also drove your dad and his best friends apart for the rest of their lives." Hermione reminds him gently. There was no way of ignoring the still-seething hate between the four former best friends. "It could tear us apart." "Granger, am I removing your team or not? Once a team has been in the draw longer than an hour I can't remove it. There are rules." "Hermione, please, just this once, we might not even be picked, there's loads of groups battling for this." "I don't think you know what's involved, Harry." Hermione argues. "Listen to the know it all, Potter, she is one for a reason." Black drawls. "I know what's involved. I want to do this. It wasn't fair for Ron to add you without asking, but we need you, Hermione." "How do you figure that?" Professor Black asks, Hermione can hear the humour in the witch's voice. "Hermione's the smartest person I know. We need her. Without you, Hermione, we won't make it past the first round." Harry says smiling at his best friend. "Yeah, 'Mione, you're the best man… er...woman for the job." Ron stumbles on his words. "Even with Granger, you still won't get past the first round." Black advises them. "I'll remove your team from the draw." "Wait!" Hermione stops the witch. "What do you mean with me they won't get past the first round?" "Do I need to spell it out for you, Granger?" Is the arrogant reply. "No muggleborn has ever won the championships. You're wasting your time." "We could win." Hermione grinds out, angry with the witch for thinking so little of her. "You don't belong in that championship," "Hermione has as good a chance as any of us!" Harry defends her. "Potter, taking a muggleborn in with you is not going to help you win." "You can't discriminate against me because of my blood!" Hermione says pointing at the teacher. "It's not just your blood Granger, I have been your DADA teacher for nearly six years. If there's anyone at Hogwarts who can safely say you're not ready for this, it's me." "You don't know that." Hermione replies, not believing her Professor. "In fact, I do. If you enter that championship, and if your team gets drawn, you will most likely die in there." There is no hint of any emotion in Black's voice. It's as though she were reading the dictionary. Everything was fact to the dark witch. "Now shall I remove your team? Save any further embarrassment?" Hermione watches her Professor glide across the room to where the competitor's entrance forms were. "No." Hermione says boldly. "I'm not withdrawing. We're still in." "Yes!" Both boys shout, high fiving each other. "Foolish of you, Granger." Black hisses. "We'll see who's right." Hermione replies, with just as much venom. " I may be many things, but I am not a coward and I am not someone who you can walk over." A/n: Vincit qui se vincit - He conquers who conquers himself.