then ran into each other a couple of months later, when I ran into some trouble." She grinned ruefully. "I don't think she was the head of what was going on… but she certainly played a part." Bruce nodded. "Isn't that the way?" He went back to the bar, and raised a glass, calling to the crowd. "A toast, my good wizards and witches! To those who risked their lives to take down the Dark Lord Voldemort… and to all those who died because of him." Dru could certainly agree with the second part of the toast; she raised her glass in agreement. "Hear, hear!" she agreed weakly, then settled back into her seat as the enormity of the moment hit. She took out a handkerchief, and began to wipe her eyes. Her ex was dead. No doubt, her unborn child as well. Both her father and mother were gone as well. As mind-boggling as it sounded, she was the last survivor of her family. She wasn't sure why, but it still ached, even after how it all ended. She'd tried to keep the secret as to what had happened in Calais. Unfortunately, her wife's legilimency was far better than her own occlumency. When her wife had found out about Calais, the first part of the curse had kicked in; within seconds, she'd felt her genitals shift and change, effectively turning the two into a lesbian couple. Astoria, hormonal with pregnancy and incensed at her infidelity, had decided to complete the job. She'd been lucky to escape with her life. Astoria had thrown hex after hex at her; she'd barely made it out of the manor. As it was, every Malfoy had their safehouses and secret stashes; she took what she could, and ran. Voldemort called incessantly using her Dark Mark, but she knew better than to answer. The mystery woman, the one who'd cursed her in Calais, found her in one of those safehouses the next day. She said she could take off the Dark Mark; knowing her own life as a Death Eater was over, Dru agreed. From there, Dru had made her way to Toronto – a common stop for British magical expats – and began to rebuild her life, even as her body slowly reshaped itself, as female hormones wrecked havoc on her masculine frame. She never thought that simple chance, a random encounter, a blown cover, would mean the difference between life and death. As mind-boggling as it sounded, she realized that almost everyone she knew in her life who was still alive she'd met only in the last three months. She was the survivor. The only survivor. And that, only because everything had gone wrong. And with it came one more realization. There was literally no one else to tell their story. She opened up her notebook and wrote a few words, an idea really – a book she now felt she needed to write. The Inner Circle: A History of Lord Voldemort and the Knights of Walpurgis , by Druella Black. Her idea written down so she wouldn't forget, Druella Black – formerly Draco Malfoy – closed her notebook and took a sip of her butterbeer. Her manhood – her magic – her family – might all have been wiped away. But her life, her future, was just starting. The lot screamed its emptiness to the world around it; while the rest of the world built and left the scar of its creation, this one place had been truly demolished, and not been rebuilt. There was simply no demand for it; it hadn't been in use before the explosion, and there was no demand to build afterwards. The city had simply cleaned up the debris and walked away. Despite himself, tears began to fall down his cheeks at the sight. The hand that rested in his own tightened slightly; he looked into her brown eyes, and smiled. "I hadn't realized it would do so much damage," she finally said. He nodded. "We didn't have much choice." He shook his head in remembrance. "Merlin, things were so… so bleak, then. I mean… this was literally all we had left." She smiled, and wiped a tear from her eye. "I know. When you offered me your cloak…" She shook her head. "I couldn't lose you, Harry. I couldn't." "I understand." He turned around and faced her, his free hand running through her thick, wavy hair. "Why do you think I offered? I couldn't afford to lose you, either." Her eyes twinkled; he could read a thousand meanings in her soft brown eyes. "Necessity is the mother of invention?" He couldn't help but chuckle. "Where would I be without you…" He leaned close in to her; she wrapped a hand around his neck as they tenderly kissed. Living for several centuries does wonders for one's kissing technique, he thought. They broke off after a moment. A line he'd learned years ago came to mind. "So. I've been in the revenge business so long. Now that it's over, I do not know what to do with the rest of my life." She chuckled softly. "Have you considered a career as the Dread Pirate Roberts?" He smiled, and cupped her cheek in his hand; she leaned in to the touch. "Only if you can be my first mate." She smiled. "Hmmm… I think I can get used to that sort of life." She reached up to grab his arm. "Shall we?" "I think we shall," he agreed, and wrapped an arm around her. They walked down the remainder of the block, leaving the empty lot behind. Author's notes: This one was written slowly over the course of about three years. I'd work on it, toy with it a bit, put it down while I worked on something else, until it reached critical mass to the point of finishing the work. Thanks to all the pre-readers for this, especially Ellen and Ucchan for their comments. nightelf July 3, 2017