she was always there for her, but also to calm his own nerves. Kissing her cheek he grinned. "You look...utterly indescribable" Sirius whispered and Sofia laughed. "I'll take that as a compliment" Sofia smiled and they turned to the vicar to let the ceremony get under way. Several Hours Later. Grimmauld Place. "Molly relax, go sit, have fun, everyone is sorted" Sofia insisted to Molly Weasley, she had been running around the kitchen getting in a fluster to make sure everyone had food and drinks. Taking a deep breath she nodded. "I'll just have five minutes" Molly agreed. "Take this with you, we are celebrating" Sofia passed her a champagne flute which she took and went out to the garden. It was full of people , music blasting loudly, drinks flowing, everyone with a smile on there faces. She had changed out of her wedding dress into a dress more comfortable. Standing at the steps she watched Sirius at the bottom of the garden, talking with Remus, Kingsley and Mad-Eye, cigar in one hand, Firewhiskey in the other. She caught his eye and Sirius smiled to her. Returning it she inclined her head to the house and walked back inside. Sirius excused himself from the group, jogging up the steps and into the kitchen. "Sofe? You okay?" He asked as Sofia stood by the table. "I'm fine, more than fine" Sofia smiled and she wrapped her arms around his neck. "I just wanted a few moments with my new husband" "Ahh I see, well I'll go find him" Sirius pulled away but Sofia grabbed his arm, tugging him back. "Come here you idiot" Grinned Sofia and she kissed his lips. Sirius gently took hold of her waist and picked her up onto the table, stepping between her legs as the kiss deepened. "Woah, ho ho sorry" Fred called and Sofia broke away but she didn't look from Sirius, his eyes alive with lust. "Toilet calls, carry on" Fred quickly left the kitchen and Sofia smiled. "We can carry this on tonight" She whispered stroking the bottom of his back. "Don't know if I can wait that long" Sirius grumbled and Sofia chuckled, pecking his lips before she got off the table and led him outside. Reaching the bottom step everyone turned to them. "Speech! Time for speeches" Arthur called and she heard Sirius groan. The music falling silent, Sofia walked into the centre, Sirius standing just behind her, seeing Fred come back outside. "Well first off I just want to thank everyone for coming today. It had been a long time coming to be honest, and it will take me a while to get used to being Mrs Sofia Black. But it won't be difficult." Sofia smiled and grinned to Sirius who was watching her. "Me and Sirius have been, well we have been though a lot of shit together, if you pardon my language" A chuckle reverberated over everyone listening. "But without this man, I don't know where I would be. I love him so much that he gives me strength, and that he loves me gives me courage" Sofia spoke softly and Sirius smiled kissing her. She stepped back now and let Sirius say a few words. "As Sofe said, we have been through a lot together. Meeting at Hogwarts during my first year, losing James and Lily" Sirius' voice quietened and he looked to Harry who gave him a comforting smile. "I know they would be watching now, cheering us on, telling us it was about damn time" Sirius chuckled and everyone else laughed again as well. "But I finally did it, I married her. A woman I am so lucky to have, she kept me going in that cell, without her, it's not a thought I want to have." Sirius turned and looked at Sofia. "I love you, not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. I love you, not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me" Sirius finished and Sofia smiled, wiping her cheek before she moved to Sirius, kissing him. "Always have to out do me" She whispered and kissed his lips again before Sirius hugged her tightly. "Of course I do" Sirius grinned coming away, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "All right love birds, let's get the party started" George called and the music started. "Hey, newly weds here" Sirius said to George before looking back at Sofia. "I meant every word" he whispered. "I know Sirius, me too" She said before seeing the back of the house open and two people step out. "Oh my god" Sofia whispered and breaking from Sirius she rushed to the duo. "Daniel, Luce, I thought you wouldn't come" She hugged her brother and sister tightly. "You think I would miss my big sister getting married" Lucy grinned to Sofia. "We're just sorry we missed the ceremony" Daniel added. "It's fine, you're here now" Sofia was just happy to have them here. Sirius watched them all before he got himself a drink, rejoining Remus. August 10th 1996 "It's beautiful" Sofia gazed at the building. Herself and Sirius had moved out of London. Sirius had signed Grimmauld Place over to Harry. They wanted to get out of the place. It was Sirius' childhood home, full of everything he hated. So a fresh start, that's what she said. They searched hard for the right place, but they found it. A quaint little cottage on the coast of Cornwall, white walls with a thatched rood and a sweet light blue door. Beautiful flowers lining the garden, shining colours in the bright sunshine. Sirius wrapped his arm around her waist, kissing her temple. "It's perfect, new start, new life, new everything" Sirius said quietly before looking back to the house. "There's something else as well" Sofia looked at Sirius, arm around his back as Sirius looked at her curiously. "I'm Pregnant."