girl?" Jade looked up to see two people walking towards her; both of them tall, both of them with mousy brown hair. They were both wearing Ravenclaw prefect badges. "Um . . . my sister told me to sit with her but I don't know where she's at –" "Elle, find a compartment for this kid." The boy sighed and rolled his eyes. "Oh, didn't anybody tell you?" he bent over to pick up the money bag that Jade's mother had given her for snacks on the train. "First years aren't allowed to carry money." "My mum gave me that –" "You're not gonna see your mother for months, you big baby." The girl, Elle, rolled her eyes and held her hand out for some of the money. "Get lost before we help ourselves to –" "Help yourselves to what?" Elle and the boy turned and immediately looked annoyed. Jade heard the voice and was never more relieved to hear the sound of her sister's voice. Safie and her boyfriend were standing right behind them, Safie glanced at Jade before looking to where the other two people were standing. "You guys will have to correct me . . . but did you just steal my sister's lunch money?" she asked, looking from the boy to the girl. "Because if you did . . . you know I'll have to make you give it back." She pulled her wand out slowly. "Elle, deal with this. I've got to meet someone and we all know red-heads don't like to wait." The guy winked at Safie before handing Elle the rest of the money. Jade scowled and moved closer to her sister; she smiled in thanks when Tyler picked her trunk up and slyly moved her behind him, keeping his other arm on her shoulder. "Elle, you still have my sister's money." Safie pointed to the small pile of golden coins. "She wants it back." Elle glared at Safie before scoffing and holding her hand out to Jade. "Apologise, Elle." Safie instructed. "Sorry." She muttered, glaring at the floor. "Now go away Elle. Oh, if I catch you or your filthy siblings bothering my sister again . . . you'll be mine." Safie warned the other girl, glaring at her until she walked out of sight. Once she was gone, Safie turned to look down at Jade who knew what was coming. "You have a voice, use it. You have a wand, learn to use it." She scowled, taking Tyler's hand and pulling him away from her sister. "Casey is three carriages down, go find her before you start crying." # # # Demetrius looked up from the newspaper he was reading when the compartment door slid open; Jade Malfoy slipped in, trying to pull her huge trunk and cat cage in with her. "C-Casey said I could sit with her . . . is she not here?" she asked quietly, looking around at the range of sixth and seventh years. "She has gone to the bathroom. She'll be back in a moment." Demetrius smiled at his young cousin, he picked her trunk and cage up and slid them into the spaces above the seats. "Sit down." He nodded to one of the empty chairs. "Ron, give her some of your sweets." He told one of his cousins. Demetrius looked over his cousin; she was small, the only Malfoy who seemed to inherit their mother's height. Small, with long dark hair and bright green eyes, Jade always seemed like she was his father's daughter. She looked a lot like his younger twin sisters for sure. "You alright, Jadey?" William, another cousin, asked curiously. "I'm fine . . . Safie –" "Of course." Jake Wilson, one of their seventh year friends laughed. "What's the Ice Queen done now?" "She stopped someone taking my money –" "Fitzgerald?" Demetrius guessed with a heavy sigh. They've started early, he told himself. He knew Kian would find out about this and was sure that they'd have come up with a plan to get Richard Fitzgerald back before they even reached Scotland. "Who are the Fitzgerald's?" Jade asked. "A bunch of annoying, pampered, cheating bast –" "A family of annoying, pampered, cheating witches and wizards." Casey's voice took over Ronnie's. She dropped into the seat beside Jade and kicked Ronnie's leg. "Can you not ruin my sister's innocence please?" "Like she hasn't heard the twins or Sienna swear!" Ronnie laughed before shoving an entire chocolate frog into his mouth. "Rules of Hogwarts kid," Casey looked down at her youngest sister and smiled lightly. "Don't get sorted into Hufflepuff and don't fraternise with a Fitzgerald and you'll be fine." Demetrius rolled his eyes but laughed lightly; Casey was right, the family would tease her if she got sorted into Hufflepuff house and Kian would explode if he saw one of his siblings messing around with a Fitzgerald. His lip curled upwards when he saw another of his cousin's, Sienna, walking past their compartment slowly. She glanced through their glass window and smirked at him. Ironically enough, Richard Fitzgerald himself followed after her a few minutes later, looking extremely pleased with himself. "Yeah . . . your brother will blow his nut if he sees you running around with a Fitzgerald." Demetrius sighed, shaking his head to himself as he picked the newspaper back up. He returned to the article about some American witch retiring from Quidditch. "I didn't know Bex Cooper was retiring." Casey mentioned. "Apparently so. She wants to spend more time with her children according to this." Demetrius frowned; he didn't really follow Quidditch, but that name rang around his head. "Her name is really familiar." He muttered before handing Casey the paper. # # # A/N – This first chapter is basically just a brief snippet as to what the main characters of this story are like, what they get up to and of course obvious and hidden plotlines. I hope you'll all enjoy this new story.