the top of the staircase leading to the Great Hall. She lined them up in twos according to height and mercifully she and Tasha were next to each other. 'When I call your name you will step forward and sit on the stool for your Sorting,' Professor McGonagall said crisply after explaining the House and Points systems. She moved to the front of the two lines and then the large iron doors to the Great Hall opened with a flick of her hands. It was one thing to have heard of it but another to see it: hundreds of candles floating in mid-air and the ceiling bewitched to reflect the weather outside. The upper class students sat in their House uniforms and robes at the House tables, whispering and pointing. Straight ahead was a raised dais that was the Staff tables with seating according to rank. Tasha nudged her. 'Just act casual… but a certain " friendly" person is looking this way!' she giggled under her breath. Nina pretended to stretch and looked around. Cedric was at the Hufflepuff tables looking in her direction expectantly. There was an empty seat beside him. 'I know, I know,' Tasha muttered. 'He's just being "friendly" !' Nina didn't reply and instead looked straight ahead. She was amongst the first to go as names were called in alphabetical order. Her name was called and she settled on the stool and took a deep breath as the Sorting Hat began its deliberation. Let me guess – I'm going to end up Hufflepuff, right?' she muttered after few minutes and no result. ' Hufflepuff? Hmmm. You are very loyal to those who earn your trust; you value fairness and dedicate yourself to making sure that things are done right; and you most definitely are not afraid of hard work. Very Hufflepuff indeed. But no, the House of the Badger is not really for you – you have already mastered everything you need to in that regard and that noble House would not serve you well in the long run,' the Hat mused. There was a bit more muttering and it was all Nina could to not take off the Hat and throw it across the room. ' Hmmm, I do believe it's a toss-up between Gryffindor and Ravenclaw,' the Hat announced loudly. ' Holy Merlin; she's a Hatstall!' someone crowed from the Gryffindor tables. You could hear a pin drop as the Hat carried on with its deliberating. 'All things considered – I think it would serve you and others well to put you in "Ravenclaw!' it announced at last. The Ravens erupted with loud cheers, foot-stomping, and table-banging to Nina's shock and undiluted disbelief at the final result while some Gryffindors complained. They almost always ended up with the most students in the new intake each year and didn't want their record broken. The more impressive the student, the better. Hatstalls were rare enough as it was and it would be nothing short of a miracle for there to be another one. Still – the big prize was Harry Potter, The Boy Who Lived . Nina was so gobsmacked Professor McGonagall had to give her a shake to get her off the stool. But she did so with a hearty congratulations just the same. The new Ravenclaw was greeted cheerfully by her Housemates and most of them made her feel welcome. It was a tense wait to see where Tasha would end up, but mercifully she was in Ravenclaw too after the Hat barely touched her head. She bounced over and gave Nina a high-five. 'My whole family has always been Ravenclaw,' she whooped as she sat next to Nina. 'But man what a relief!' 'My grandparents are going to have massive coronaries,' Nina groaned. 'They were in Hufflepuff and swore I'd get sorted there but the Hat ruled that out first thing!' 'Hah – well don't look now but someone doesn't seem to be entirely happy with the Sortings,' Tasha whispered conspiratorially as the Hat announced that "Potter, Harry" had been sorted in Gryffindor. 'Ahh go on – stop messing,' Nina said loudly so that Tasha could hear her above the unearthly cheers erupting from the Gryffindor tables. ' I'm not messing actually; he looks like Christmas was just cancelled!' Nina refused to look at Cedric and instead focused on the rest of the Sorting and the start-of-term speech by Albus Dumbledore, the Headmaster. She wasn't going to let what happened with her mother get her down. Her family was just being pissy because she was the only child that had had their name down for Hogwarts and from birth no less. Her father had spent the better part of two years deliberately holding her back from attending Hogwarts and was finally forced to in the end thanks to the Wizarding Education Authority threatening to haul him and her mother before the Wizengamot. She was the odd one out in her immediate family and nowhere near to being a favourite of anyone as a result. The whole saga still struck her as bizarre. No amount of gold could secure her non-magical Squib brothers a place at Hogwarts and so they were bone idle, not even bothering with any type of home schooling. For elitist wizarding social climbers like her parents, this was quite a predicament. And their only daughter was the one who suffered for it. Nina tuned out the chatter of her Housemates, already checking out the action for possible hook-ups. She wasn't going to let the fact that she was a bit older than everyone else in her year bother her too much. She was determined to make something of herself and not waste this opportunity now that she was here. The new Ravenclaw was finally on the road to freedom. Merlin only knew what the future held, but there was light at the end of the tunnel, as her grandparents had said. She was just beginning to understand what they meant.