chilled her to the bone. She wrapped her arms around herself. This was too weird. She was looking at him really strangely. His heart was racing. He noticed how cold she looked. He shrugged out of his suit jacket and placed it gently around her shoulders. She raised her face to his and he felt like his heart was going to leap from his chest. She was so close surely she could hear it? Please don't hear it he pleaded. Their faces were so close together. Hermione didn't know what to say or why her pulse was racing like that. She'd only been that close to him once before. In fifth year with mistletoe and his fingers tangled in her hair. She blushed at the memory. "Come on. We need to hurry." Said Malfoy breaking the odd moment that had passed between them. He quickly walked to the back of the cell motioning for her to follow. Hermione held his coat around her tighter. It smelled like him. That smell… She blushed. It was his cologne. It was warm and spicy. Like firewhisky. Like…amortentia. She blushed. For reasons she couldn't or wouldn't admit and beyond her own common sense Hermione began to follow him. "I have no idea why I'm trusting you Malfoy." She muttered. Malfoy smiled. "Not much choice have you Granger? Unless you want to go back to being a prisoner?" Hermione watched the smile on his pale lips. He looked so different when he smiled. Younger, more handsome. It wasn't a smirk. It was a smile. His smile made her stomach flip. Was she losing her mind? Yes. She was. She rolled her eyes and followed after him. He took the ring off his finger and pressed it against the wall. Hermione gasped. A secret passage. Malfoy was running beside her as they weaved through cold, dark passages before entering into the damp night air. They weaved through maze like hedges in the extensive Malfoy gardens. He took her right to the gates. She could apparate from beyond them. "Alright Granger neither of us have wands so we have to do this the old fashioned way." He said as he crouched over making a foothold for Hermione with his hands. Hermione's eyes widened. If she hadn't been so afraid she would have laughed. "You expect me to climb over this fence?!" She asked indignantly. Malfoy couldn't help but smile at her expression. "Well do you have any better ideas? You can apparate beyond this gate. The whole thing is enchanted and charmed with protections but not for climbing. He only protected it against witches and wizards why would he care if a few daft muggles try to get over?" He asked. Hermione pondered for a moment before nodding. He was right. Florence watched Malfoy closely. Why had he done this for her? It was so dangerous. What did he gain from this? Was it a trick? "What will happen to you?" She asked. Malfoy grimaced but his mouth opened slightly in surprise at her question. Why did she care? "I'll escape with my life if I beg him and Auntie Bella." "Come with me." She blurted out. Hermione blushed and Malfoy looked at her as if she'd grown two heads. "Granger did you get hit with a confundus or something?" He asked with a calculated grin. But inside his heart was racing and he felt like the happiest man alive. She'd asked him to go with her willingly. Never in his wildest dreams had he imagined she would ask him that. She shook her head. "Look Malfoy you're a prick and I don't trust you-" "Well Granger you flatter me-" "But. I owe you my life. If what you've told me tonight is true then come with me. Fight with us. Help us win. It's not too late to be a hero." She said. Malfoy was taken aback by her frankness. Oh how he wanted to go with her. To protect her. But it was too late. "I appreciate the sentiment Granger but the weasel would kill me before I even got the chance to explain. And he'd be right to. It's too late for me. My place is here. This is my home. I belong here. And you belong with them. Go and save the world." He said gently. Hermione felt heaviness settle on her heart. She didn't think she'd ever pity Malfoy. But watching him now. She knew she did. He was being forced into this life and now he'd gone too far to turn back. He was right it wouldn't ever work. They'd spent too long being enemies. But he wasn't a coward he was wrong about that. She found she didn't want to leave him here with them. But what else could she do? Hermione nodded and he helped her scale the gates. "Ow. You're heavier than you look Granger." Hermione gasped and resisted the urge to punch him in the face again. "Watch it Malfoy." She said as she hauled herself over the other side. They stood just simply gazing at one another on opposite sides of the fence. Malfoy smiled sadly. "Take care Granger." He said awkwardly. Hermione nodded. "You too Malfoy. For what it's worth… I don't think you're a coward." Malfoy watched the guilty flush spread across her face. It was beautiful. He felt so warm and fuzzy all over. Was this what it felt like to do something good? She deserved the truth. No matter how embarrassing that truth was. He would tell her. If he lived through this. "Thanks Granger." He said with a nod. Hermione turned from him and apparated. Draco sighed and fell to his knees in the dewy grass. You are a coward Draco. You've been in love with a girl for seven years and you still didn't tell her. And now you're going to die. It was better that way. She'd never be tainted by the knowledge that someone like you loved her.