like. Of the two that hadn't been there forever, one was an insufferable git and the new Potions professor, and the other was Neville. And Harry had already ruined that one. Most of the time the loneliness didn't bother him. It was… just something for him to accept. But today, on the day of Lily's birthday, it was the worst thing in the world. Because she didn't want him at the celebrations, because she wanted the rest of her family to be there. And the Weasleys… well, they weren't exactly on speaking terms with Harry, even though the divorce had been as amicable as a divorce could be. Harry sighed and stared out over the Great Lake. He'd done it during his school years, particularly in his fourth year when he'd been trying to figure out how he was going to swim in the damned thing, and all it was really doing right now was reminding him that he didn't have Ron and Hermione anymore, because Ginny had gotten them in the divorce too, it felt like. He didn't have anyone anymore. And it was all his fault, too. What was wrong with him, anyway? Why didn't he… why couldn't he… He closed his eyes and shook his head, scrubbing his face with his hand. It didn't matter why he never wanted to engage in… intimacy, with Ginny. It was perfectly fair for her to want to have sex with her husband, and the fact that he never wanted it… And the worst part was, there was nothing wrong with him! He'd gone to the Healers, been treated for a number of things, but nothing had any effect. When Ginny had suggested a Mind Healer… That's when Harry had known that things were over. He'd tried the Mind Healer, he'd gone through the motions, but nothing had worked. He just… he just didn't want… that. And he'd been unable to pretend anymore, unable to force himself to do it anyway so that Ginny would be happy. They'd had their children, and he'd wanted that to be the end of it. Had needed it to end, and Ginny had… quite reasonably, Ginny had been very angry with him. Harry drew his knees up to his chest. Maybe if it had been something else, anything else that had ended his marriage to Ginny, maybe then he would have been able to go out and find someone else. But how was he supposed to find someone else when he was so fundamentally broken? A warm cloak dropped over his shoulders, startling him. Harry jerked in surprise, then glanced up. Neville was standing next to him, a frown on his face. "It's the middle of November, Harry," Neville said quietly. "You can't be out here without some kind of cloak. You'll freeze." Harry drew the cloak around himself. "I didn't even realize how cold I was getting," he confessed quietly. "I… Neville…" He knew that he needed to apologize. That he should have done it a week ago, hell, that he never should have said what he'd said in the first place. He just… he just didn't know how. Neville just shook his head. "It's okay, you know," he said. He sat next to Harry on the cold, hard ground, close enough that their arms were touching. "It's okay to be angry, and it's okay to be hurting. I'm not thrilled with the way you chose to express your hurt and your anger, mind you, but I do understand it." Harry looked away. He didn't deserve Neville's forgiveness, not without at least saying it once. "I am sorry for what I said," he said quietly, trying to make it clear how very genuine he was by pouring it into his voice. "I know you are." Neville patted him on the shoulder, and this time the touch didn't feel as awkward. "I forgive you." Harry fought the sudden urge to lean into Neville, and instead cleared his throat. "So what brings you out here on this bitterly cold November day?" he asked. "My very good friend seemed like he was determined to freeze himself to death," Neville answered, his voice taking on a light, teasing tone. "I, being the fantastic Gryffindor that I am, decided that I couldn't leave him to suffer all on his own. So I decided to bring out my spare cloak and see what I could do for him." Harry's lips twitched in a ghost of a smile. "Thanks, Neville," he said quietly, genuinely. "I really do appreciate it." The cloak was warm, and smelled like Neville, and for some strange reason Harry found that he was comforted by that smell. "You know that I'm always available if you want to talk, right?" Neville's hand was still on Harry's shoulder, and Harry could feel the heat of it through the cloak and through his thin robes. Harry didn't say anything, but did nod. He didn't know that he believed Neville, and knew that even if he did that Neville probably wouldn't be able to help him anyway, but he appreciated the words, and the intent behind them. The afternoon passed in lazy silence, and Neville stayed with Harry for the rest of it. They stared out at the lake together for what felt like forever, Neville's arm finally dropping from Harry's shoulder but still pressed against his arm, the warmth between them growing. Harry cherished that moment when it ended, shattered by a Quaffle landing in between them, followed by the Slytherin Chasers swooping down around them and one of them accidentally crashing into the lake. Harry grabbed the Quaffle and stood up, tossing it in one hand. He extended the other hand to Neville and hauled his friend to his feet when his offer was accepted. "No rest for the wicked, huh?" he asked, even as he started towards the lake to make sure that the student in question was okay. "Never," Neville agreed with a grin as he followed.