why would you think so?" she drawled, smiling in a quite mischievous way, that clearly went with her teasing tone. Hermione blushed, feeling rather embarrassed, but knowing herself to be in the right. "Well, to be honest, for a Hufflepuff, you do not seem to be very hard-working." Hey, the girl had asked. Garcia had the nerve to actually scoff at that, and put a hand on her chest in a dry thump, dramatically opening her eyes. "Are you implying I am not a good, little, hard-working Huffly?" she laughed, at which Hermione just pouted, annoyed. "Of course I work hard, Minnie, just only when I care about the subject." She shrugged, unapologetically. "Did you just call me Minnie ?" she exclaimed hotly, eyes and mouth both wide open, almost not believing the gall of a girl she actually considered a stranger. However, whatever response she was going to give, was interrupted by the loud chirping of a flock of seven or eight birds flying around Pansy Parkinson. Garcia let out a loud whistle, "Parkinson is on fire lately" she commented, conversationally, and then went back to her unintelligible arithmancy. Well, she was right, Hermione had to admit. Suddenly, Parkinson turned around and their gazes met. She was the one who had been caught staring, rather intensely, but for some reason Parkinson looked quite white and, grimacing, she quickly turned back looked down to her desk. Why would she do that? She had clearly produced more birds than Hermione, shouldn't she be gloating? Even if she had been repressing her magic, her "normal state" maximum had been six, which was actually less than… And then it hit her. Parkinson was on fire. What she had been doing since exactly a week before, had not been normal . Transfigurations, Charms, Defence… Those three subjects were definitely not Parkinson's forte, and yet she had been excelling at them. Actually, now that she thought about it, she herself had also managed very easily to change her hair colour in that Transfiguration class, right after Parkinson. She swallowed hard, her throat suddenly dry. Whatever was wrong with her, it was wrong with Parkinson too. Pansy flicked her wand impatiently, and the feather hovered slightly on her bed before falling once again, having barely changed positions. She swallowed, holding back the tears that threatened to spill. It was going away. Whatever had been happening to her lately, that huge magic spike, was slowly decaying, and would probably end up disappearing. She brushed the tears away with the back of her hand. When everyone else realized her new ability was gone, it would be humiliating. It was one thing to spend all her life being a rather average witch –she could compensate for that with her fashion sense and her class–, but to excel academically for one week and then go back to average? That would be absolutely mortifying. Oh, she could already see the sneer in Draco's face, the quiet contempt in Theo's! Surely, they would assume she had been cheating; maybe with some sort of forbidden potion, who knew. She could not survive that, not after having been demeaned so harshly by Draco barely a week before. She had to do something to get her magic back! But, how? She could only think of one thing, and that was the dreadful prospect of visiting the library. After carefully applying some glamours to hide her tears, which did not come as easily as they had the last time, she headed there. If there actually was some sort of forbidden potion to get her skill back, she would find it. Having said that, blindly searching for some sort of magic enhancing drug was certainly hard. She dropped her head heavily on one of the useless books she had found and sighed. She was not smart enough to understand all those arithmantic formulas and the complexity of Magical Theory. She needed a bookworm friend, someone like Granger –she got the chills with the mere thought– who she could use to find information for her. She wished she had predicted that need during her first year; now it was too late to be nice to the know-it-alls she usually mocked. Speaking of the Devil, that was Granger perusing the Magical Theory section, doubtlessly understanding everything she found in there. She snorted inelegantly, as there was no one around who mattered, and followed her with her eyes. She seemed focused on the various tomes, opening and quickly checking the books with some spell that, she realized, must be searching for key words or some such. Damn, that must be useful! Her gaze fell back to the table in which she must have been sitting –there were at least fifteen open books on that one– and she was overtaken by curiosity. What was she reading about, perfect prefect Miss Granger? She stood and quietly made her way there, conscious she was just finding a silly excuse to stall researching about her impossible problem. She looked down at the girl's old, used bag –which surely had not been pretty even when new–, not without contempt, and judged her heavily on the cheap quills and parchment she was using. She glanced at the open books, noticing there were a few words magically underlined. That must be the spell she had seen, at work. Damn, how she wished she knew that one. However, her wishful expression suddenly morphed into one of surprise, and then into one of incredulity. Magical enhancement, magic spike, magic rush, magical fluctuation, fluctuating magic, magic decay, magic potentiation, increasing magic, … Her heartrate seemed to slow as it dawned on her. Granger was usually brilliant, and so no one had noticed quite so clearly; but McGonagall had seemed surprised at her performance too, the very first day it had all started. And, that research topic clearly left no space for doubts. She swallowed hard, her throat suddenly dry. Whatever was wrong with her, it was wrong with Granger too.