the list. I haven't ever seen him grin that broadly." "Yes. Ginny told me something similar about Harry," Hermione added with a nod. "Your plan seems to have worked then." He offered her his arm. "Let's search together, then I'll take you out to Hogsmeade." "All right, let's go find them." Hermione hooked her arm in, and they went on their search. "Your present was perfect by the way. How did you know I'd like it?" "A very educated guess," Blaise replied in a teasing tone. "Some bird told me you like to experiment, unlike some redhead." "Ah I see, Malfoy told you..." She chuckled. It had only shortly been a subject between her and Malfoy, on a homework session in the library when everything else was more interesting than the essay they had to write for Potions. "Well, since he is on such good terms with you, I thought it was only fair to ask him for advice. You did the same after all, asking me for advice about him..." "Yes, I did. Who was your Santa?" "One of those girls from Ravenclaw. None of whom are as charming as you, though." "So, you wish it had been me?" "Maybe..." he teased, smirking, before the next classroom door. "Empty. You sure they are on this floor?" She shook her head. "I'm checking floor by floor. They have to be somewhere, as eager as they both disappeared." "True. Next room then," Blaise said, nodding, and pointed to the next door. However, the whole floor turned out empty, and they went on with their search, until about half an hour later, they finally found their friends. "Granger, in here," Blaise whispered, dragging her gently along. "Your plan has definitely worked, you little matchmaker..." And then, Hermione dared to take a look through the slightly opened door, with Blaise behind her blocking any further trespassing views; what she saw made her grin broadly and very contentedly. Yes, the plan had definitely worked, and for a short moment, she wondered whether the school administrations had any hand in it as well. "Potter is a good looking bloke, I have to admit," Blaise whispered. "Yes, comes from all his Quidditch training," Hermione replied, her eyes glued on the two topless figures in front of her. .xx. Harry was leaning against a student's desk in the front row, with Draco leaning into him, kissing him hard. To Hermione's surprise, it was Draco who wore the Dragon hide gloves―apparently Harry loved to be touched with them. Their trousers were still up, but opened at the front, and it was apparent that neither of them had chosen to wear anything underneath it; Harry was definitely enjoying the moment, kissing Draco back just as hard and demanding. Draco let his gloved hands roam freely over Harry's upper body, while he seemed to grind his hips into Harry's in slow, sensual moves, encouraged by the moans she could hear coming from Harry. In response to Draco's grinding, Harry let his hands slip beneath Draco's trousers to play with his arse. One specific move down the middle―Hermione guessed what he was playing with―made Draco buck involuntarily and moan rather loudly; he even broke off the kiss, only to whisper something into Harry's ear. .xx. "Looks like your friend got the hint," Blaise remarked on Draco's response to Harry's teasing. "Was that what you wrote in the note for Harry?" "Ah, the good friend you are, not reading notes, and stuff." He let out a short laugh. "But Potter is in good hands, believe me. Draco knows how to play." "Speaking from experience, then?" she teased, without looking up, but starting to fish for her small bag. "Of course. But Draco could have chosen worse, Potter seems to know a fair bit too." "He does." She nodded, pulling a piece of parchment and her quill to write something down. "You want to congratulate them?" Blaise asked amused when he saw her scribble down something. She chuckled. "No. Just leaving them a note that they could use my quarters as long as I'm out on that date with you. Privacy and everything." She then folded the piece of parchment and let it float to the desk next to the one Harry was leaning against. "Oh my gods! Are they really rubbing them against each other?" Blaise nodded, a knowing grin on his face, and leaned down to her. "Feels surprisingly good, you know?" "Don't tell me you're getting jealous now," she replied, chuckling. "Oh no, we just played around over a summer. That's all." He straightened himself again and took a step back. "Okay, let's leave them alone. I don't want to get killed by Draco for ruining this. And there is still that afternoon date I promised you." Hermione moved away from the door as well, closing it in the process, then adding a Silencing Charm as well as a small Confounding Charm to keep anyone else from walking in on them. Of all students, those two were in the most need of some privacy―Harry because he is seen as the Saviour of the wizarding world, and Draco because of everything his family name entails. "Okay, ready to go." She pulled her coat and a thick shawl out of her small bag. "I think we're both going to enjoy this," Blaise said, leading her towards the main entrance of the castle. "To a nice afternoon." "To a nice afternoon." Hermione was sure that she wasn't the only one who was going to have a great time before the Big Feast―most definitely not from what she had seen just moments before. END The Prompt Harry/Draco - The 8th Years are playing Secret Santa! And of course Harry gets Draco. He's determined to give him the perfect gift. Or maybe the other way around and Draco gets Harry? Or both! They get each other! Up to you! :) Please leave a review if you liked the story, it'll be very much appreciated! 3