to shout "look at Potter hes a dark wizard" so Harry got really angry and transformed into his Basilisk form and had his killer lenses off and moved to the Gryffindor table. The school saw the killer look in Harry's eye's till his parents were in front of him telling him to calm but Harry hissed angrily at Ron and slithered out of the hall. When the commotion was over the Weasley twins and Mac and Draco and Harry's parents and the rest of the teaching body looked at Ron with angry faces and wondered where Harry was. James was looking all over for his soon till Lady Hogwarts came to him and told him that Harry was on the seventh floor and James ran as fast as he could saying "thank you" to lady Hogwarts for the help and found his son passed out cold on the floor. James tried all he could to wake his son but it was no use so he rushed him to the hospital wing where Lily, Mac, Draco, Hermione,and the staff were waiting. When James got to the HW everyone was shocked to see him caring Harry who was unconscious Lily and Mac started crying for they had no idea how long it will take for the young lad to wake up. In the HW Dumbledore asked "what happened?" so James,Lily,Mac and Draco explained that Harry is an animagus from birth with more than just one form and the staff was stunned. Next day Harry was out of the HW and was at the Slytherin table where the Slytherin student's were all pleased to see him ok when the heads of house handed out the lesson time tables to the students Harry groaned at the fact that his lessons were with the Gryffindork weasal as he put it but was with his sister cousin and Hermione. Marcus Flint the fith year prefect stood up and said " a toast to the one and only Lord Hogwarts Harrison Potter" at that everyone at the slytherin table said " To Harrison!" while breakfast continued the owl mail showed up and a red letter was sent to Ron everyone saw how green his face went the letter then shouted in the voice of Molly Weasley " R onald Billius Weasley how dare you say something like that to Harrison and upset him i only found out last night that he was in the HOSPITAL WING for passing out for what you said i'm disgusted i want you to march up to him right now and apologize to him and young Mr Malfoy for Lucius and Narccisa are not death eaters they are very good people" then the letter turned to both professor Potter and mistress Potter "i'm sorry James and Lily i raised him better than that thank you for telling me what my son had done he will be punished when we see him " Then the letter ripped its self up in Ron's face and he left the table and went to Harry and Draco and said "Draco i'm sorry for what i said on the train and Harrison i'm sorry for last night it was uncalled for." both boys stood up and said "its OK now Ron we got off on the wrong foot how about a clean slate and we become friends" Ron then said "OK we can be friends." then they shook hands and went to the rest of their breakfast then off to their first lesson. In charms professor Flitwick was showing the class the levitation spell wingardium leviosa when Harry said the spell instead of saying the spell in the direction of the feather he did it on himself and was awarded 40 points for slytherin and everyone looked at Harry with admiration when the class ended the newly formed golden crew went to double potions with professor Snape the Slytherin head of house. Once in the potions laboratory Professor Snape came in with his cloak billowing behind him and started his speech "there will be no foolish wand waving or silly incantations in the is class i'm here to teach you the subtle science in potions making some of you may not believe this to be magic but i can teach you how to bottle fame brew glory and even put a stopper in death." When Snape's eyes landed on Harry Snape said " our new celebrity and lord Hogwarts may i ask you a couple questions" when Harry nodded Snape continued "what would i get if i added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?" when Harry answered "a sleeping draught so powerful its called the drought of the living death" Snape was stunned but gave 50 points for the right answer Snape then asked Harry " where would you look if i asked you to find me a bezor?" Harry answered again "in the stomach of a goat sir" again Harry got another 50 points for the correct answer then the final question was asked "what is the difference between monkshood and wolfs bane?" Harry then said "nothing sir they are the same plant witch also goes by the name aconite" another 50 points were added for the correct answer then Snape said "well done now today we are making the boil cure potion you have one hour and 30 minutes" then the class got to work Harry and Mac were working together when bang Ron's couldren exploded and had boils poping up all over his face Snape said "idiot boy did you add the porcupine quills before taking the couldren of the heat Mr Potter could you bring some of your potion to help and take him to the HW" Harry answered "Yes sir" and handed some of his potion to professor Snape then took Ron the the HW and Harry was rewarded 40 points for assistance and Mac was awarded the same amount of points for their potion was a beautifully brewed.