hug again and they stayed like that for what felt like forever but eventually she pulled away and she put on a smile. "Annoy me at work one last time?" James grinned wickedly. "You bet." — "All right," Marlene said standing up from where she was checking under the couch, "I think all signs of living in this apartment has either been tossed out or packed away. High-five, girl!" Lily complied slapping Marlene's hand with her own before collapsing onto the couch. "Only took three hours," Lily huffed as Marlene sat beside her. "I can't believe you're going to Hogwarts. You're a baby." "I am not! I'm Head Girl!" Lily said defensively. Marlene laughed. "I think I would've been Head Girl if I hadn't been homeschooled." "Let's see pretty, funny and smart," Lily pretended to consider. "Of course you would've made Head Girl. You know, James owled me last night. He got Head Boy." Marlene gasped. "You should shag him on the Prefect's table." "How do you even know there's a Prefect's table?" "I've read Hogwarts: A History ." "Merlin, even I haven't read that." "Yeah, yeah. Lily, are you sure you know what you're doing with James?" Marlene asked. She had her serious voice on. It was different from her playful, charismatic voice, it was all low and quiet. "I mean, he told you he loved you and then basically said he'd wait for you." "I," Lily hesitated not knowing what she wanted to say. She fancied James. She fancied him a lot and she'd be crushed if he left her. She loved everything about him from the way he just seemed to know what she needed without even asking to the way his glasses seemed to sit slightly crooked on his nose to the way he moved his hands when he told a story. She loved that he had a secret stash of sweets in his bedroom and that he could make her want to laugh instead of being angry or sad. She loved him. "Would you really be okay if he went on a date with some trashy Hogwarts girl? And what if they hit it off and he falls out of love with you and rides off into the sunset with trashy Hogwarts girl all because you thought you weren't ready? Are you really ready for that?" Marlene babbled on and fear crept into her as the realisation crashed on the rocks. She could lose him in a completely different way if she made him wait. "Holy mother of shit!" Lily jumped up. "I've been incredibly stupid! I mean I love him! What am I waiting for? Boy loves girl. Girl loves boy." Marlene grinned. "There we go!" Lily checked the time half to eleven. "I gotta go!" she grabbed her trunk. "Tell Mr Veg I said thank you for everything and give him back his key! I'll owl you!" "You better! Don't forget about me," she hugged Lily briefly. "I want all the details." Lily was about to turn on the spot, wand in hand but she stopped. "Marlene, thank you for everything. For the job and for being here for me. I, you're my best girl friend." Marlene smiled. "And don't you forget it! I expect you back in this apartment after your Hogwarts days are behind you. You can bring James along if you must," she winked. "Now go and get the boy before trashy Hogwarts girl does." Lily smiled nervously, re-gripped her wand, and then turned on the spot landing in an alley near Kings Cross station. She crossed the road quickly, entering the station and locating the wall between Platforms 9 and 10 swiftly. With one last glance around she ran straight into the wall and ended up on a smokey platform where voices drifted about as people bustled around. She turned her head, standing up on her tippy toes, her eyes searching for a head of black hair messier than a wild dog's and getting frustrated when she only saw a bunch of people who weren't James Potter. She made her way to the train, he'd have to come by the prefect compartment, it was the safest bet of finding him. On her way, a lot of faces she knew greeted her, asked her how her summer was and she answered quickly, before moving on until she was stood by the front of the train and that's when she saw him, just a little ways down. He was with his mates, of course. She grinned and dumped her trunk on the platform and walking quickly towards James. "James," she shouted happily as she reached them. "Miss me, Eva-" She cut him off by planting her mouth firmly on his and he was shocked for a full two seconds before his arms wrapped around her, pulling her closer to him. She wrapped her arms around him as well, pulling back from the kiss. "I'd say you did then," he said softly. "I was being stupid," she admitted. "I love you and ready or not, I want you." He grinned stupidly, pulling her in for another kiss. "I don't know how I feel about our two Head students snogging on the platform," Sirius commented. Lily pulled away laughing, James kissed her forehead before letting her go only to slip his hand in hers. — So here it is. The story of Lily Evans and the story of James Potter and how it came to be the story of James and Lily Potter, the couple who saved the world. The first battle they ever fought but the last they ever fought alone because from that day on, it was them against the world. — Author's Note: Hello Everyone! If you made it this far, thank you for sticking it out to the end! This was something I wrote in about ten days so it probably wasn't as great as it could have been. If you liked it, please review or fav! -Natalie xx