nearly shrieks. No. Just no. She did not just think that. . The sixth one occurs when she's twenty six. She's still unmarried and is completely alright with that. She's not bothered that her youngest brother Cygnus is already married and expecting his first child. She's not bothered by the guilty looks her parents and grandparents send her when they think she'd not paying attention. She's not bothered by the barbs other ladies throw at her every time she is invited to socialize with them. She's a Potion and Defence Mistress. She holds the record for the highest female NEWTs record in the century. She's a regular consultant in the Arithmancy Society across all of Europe. She's accomplished. She's content. So when she opens the door to find Orion kneeling on a knee presenting her with a ring with the largest diamond she's ever seen surrounded by finely crafted emeralds, she stares. When he asks her to marry him, on her own front lawn for Merlin's sake (and she can see the tell-tale signs that he's bloody terrified doing it), she pointedly tells him that he's an idiot, because 'Merlin, have you no tact? At least take me out for a date first, Idiot.' She then slams the door in his face and leans on it, trying to control the grin that's threatening to split her face in half and the tears forming in her eyes. Half a minute later, there's a knock on her door and when she opens it, the ring is gone and Orion is standing with a sheepish smile on his face. He asks her out for a date. She agrees. They leave. When they come back, giggling and blushing like a pair of teenage lovebirds, their fathers announce that the two of them are betrothed to each other. And the second time Orion proposes to her that day, she accepts. She even lets him steal a kiss. . The last memory that she'd never forget, well, it was more of two similar ones. The first time she held her children. "Sleep child," she coos at the bundle in her arms. Memories of Sirius, Aquila and Regulus overlap, and she feels her heart swell each time she reminiscent about them. In her mind, her children sleep, still unburdened by life, by the expectations, the judgements of others. Walburga wishes that she could keep them safe and sheltered from them. That they would never have to face what she did. And Walburga decides then that they will. They'd learn anything and everything that could protect them. They'd have every opportunity they'd want – they'd need – to master their magic. That way, they'd be able to stay safe in a world that would gladly extinguish any stars that shone brightly. That way, they'd always have the House to protect them. Walburga is an arrogant, narcissistic, scornful elitist. She isn't delusional to deny parts of her character, especially the parts that she wore proudly, and as a shield for her heart. Because at her core, she's still that little girl who found out that life was filled with lies, with pain. But it was also filled with hope and love. That little girl was a mother now. She'd be the mother her own 'mothers' weren't. Walburga Black née Black was a Black by birth and marriage. She's proud, powerful and capable. She's the Lady of the House of Black. And she's going to do anything and everything to prepare her babies for the world they'd inherit. And damn anyone that stood in her way. . A/N: And we have an insight into Walburga. It's actually sort of a response to a review by ofguttersandstars and KioshiUshima whose interpretations of SITS!Walburga are quite contrasting so I thought Walburga's character merited its own arc as an explanation. Plus, I wanted to give Orion some more screen time. So we get to see their interactions from before they were Mr and Mrs Black, and fluff. Yay for fluff. And yes, Walburga called Orion 'The Idiot' the whole time between memory four and five (that's about three years). Orion was not happy. (Also, anyone want to guess who Orion was based off? He's not a HP character - that's the only clue you're getting.) And back to Walburga and her actions in SITS: Walburga's a bitch. She's a snob, a full supporter of pureblood supremacy and she's also a mother. Are there bad mothers? Absolutely. Just as much as there are mothers who try to do their best for their kid and muck up along the way, which is what's happening to Walburga now in SITS. She's trying. Is she doing a good job? No, not really; but that's because she's focusing on preparing them not to be screwed over by life in general, so much so that mothering them takes a backseat in many things. She loves her kids. She just knows that love isn't all that they need. Okays, explanation over; I'm gonna go into a corner and cry now. Because feeeeeels. EDIT 21/01/16: So I've got a couple of reviewers saying that they didn't quite get what was going on with Walburga and her parents and grandparents so here's an explanation: Pollux and Irma, her father and mother respectively, had her when Pollux was thirteen. So for the first five years, Walburga was raised by her grandparents, thinking that they were her parents and that Marius and Dorea were her siblings instead of her uncle and aunt respectively. During this time, Pollux, Irma and Cassandra (although she isn't mentioned) are in Hogwarts and thus Walburga doesn't see them at all, even during the holidays, as she's been purposefully kept away from them until they've graduated and are able to take care of Walburga. So she only meets her parents when she's five and realises that her parents are actually her grandparents and that she's basically a scandal. Sorry if I didn't explain that clearly in the story, my bad.