felt the top of her skirt, then he pulled down, suddenly, needing to feel her. His fingertips brushed the soft tops of her thighs and he could feel Lily's hands grasping at his trousers, undoing the top buttons and lowering the zipper. She dropped his pants and took his cock in hand, rubbing her hand up and down his throbbing length, eliciting an incredibly satisfied grown from Severus. As she stroked, his hands traveled slowly down her back, his thumbs eventually hooking under the tops of her underwear and pulling them down. The heat between them was consuming. Snape had never been more aroused in his life, his pupils dilated, every nerve on fire. In one swift motion he hiked Lily up the wall so that she had to wrap her legs around his waist to keep from falling. "I've wanted you for so long," Snape murmured, his deep, reverberating voice sending shivers of desire down Lily's spine. The intensity of his gaze caused her to flush even further. "So beautiful." She could feel his erection poking at her entrance and she strained her hips downwards, hoping to push the tip of it inside her. Making sure to keep his eyes on Lily's face, he obliged her, pushing forward slowly, letting her envelop him inch by inch until he was entirely sheathed. It took all his concentration not to come right then and there. Lily was gasping quietly, senses ensnared by the heady sensation of Severus' thick cock buried deep within her. She'd known him for years, but had never imagined how good he would feel like this. Still encased, he lifted Lily up, carried her across the room and sat her down on the back of the sofa in the middle of the room. The light of the nearby fireplace licked the side of Lily's face as Severus drew his hips back, then snapped them forward quickly, the smack of his flesh on hers echoing off the walls. Snape was sure he had died. Nothing in the living world could possibly feel this good. He thrust forward rhythmically, eliciting a slight gasp from Lily each time his hips smacked forward into hers. She practically clawed at his back, unable to pull him close enough to her without melding their skin together with magic. His rhythm picked up, and she aided his effort, using her feet hooked around his waist to press him further forward than he could get on his own. "God, Severus, you're so gorgeous," she whispered hungrily as she smashed her lips to his again, threading her whole hand through his still-damp hair. From anyone else, he would have thought they were teasing him, but not from Lily. Lily thought he was handsome. The thought was too much. The next time he thrust forward, he held himself deep within her. With an animalistic exhale his release came, his legs spasming, barely able to hold his weight. She held him tight, unwilling to let him go, and he clung back. She knew how fleeting this moment was, and wanted to hold on to it as long as she could. Her right hand was still entangled in his hair, her left moving up and down his back in deep, affectionate strokes. "Severus, please don't go back to him. Promise me that." He stiffened slightly, but didn't move away. His face was buried in her hair, inhaling her scent. He wish he could make that promise to her. No, he wish he could go back in time and choose her over the Death Eaters in the first place, but neither was possible. "Someday this war will be over, Lil, and neither of us will have to see him again." As if on cue, Snape's left forearm tightened and burned. Even Lily could feel the heat of the Dark Mark pressed against her side. He hissed and tried to draw back, the moment broken, but Lily held on to him even tighter. "Severus…" "Lily, you know I would stay like this forever, but I made my choice long ago. I must go." He adjusted his hips and his length slid out of her. He looked intensely into her eyes, memorizing every fleck of color in their complex emerald depths. "Whatever happens, I want you to be happy," he said, and he meant it. He had no illusions about his future with Lily, but this encounter had allowed him to ease the greedy stranglehold his love for her had held around his heart for years. They both dressed in silence—Severus hurriedly, he had already kept his master waiting long enough. He pulled on his overcoat and was opening the door to leave when Lily laid a hand on his shoulder to turn him around. She pressed his wand back into the palm of his hand. "Don't forget that," she said softly. "Be careful, and good luck, Severus. I…I want you to know I don't have any hard feelings towards you, not for the prophesy, not for what you called me in school. It's important you know that." Severus' intense gaze grew darker, but Lily could tell it was because he was trying to conceal deep emotion. Snape felt a weight had been lifted from his soul. He was still a Death Eater, a killer, the man who had pushed his love into the arms of his greatest rival, but this was enough for now. A crooked smile edged its way to the corners of his mouth. He lowered his head and kissed her again. He did it because he couldn't help it, because he loved her, because he needed one last tangible reminder that all of this had been real. Because he would need it for the days to come. When he lifted his head, he backed out the doorway and—keeping his eyes locked with hers—called out "Farewell, Lily!" before disappearing in a crack of magic. Back in the doorway, Lily touched her fingers to her lips, tracing them thoughtfully. "Goodbye, Severus."