winners." Snape rolls his eyes. "Paranoid, much? I'll get the money to you when I have the time." "Well that time better be before Friday, or you're out of the pool. That good for you?" James and Snape stare each other down for a few minutes before Snape sighs. "Yeah, fine, I'll have it by Friday." He sits back down and shoves a pair of earbuds into his ears, plugging the other end into his computer. Sirius and James peer at him from the edge of their cubicle, while Remus ignores them all, typing away at a text message. As Snape begins to work, the opening chords of Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball can be heard filtering softly through the white noise speakers. The marauders bite back their smirks as their fellow coworkers glance around at each other curiously, trying to figure out why they are being serenaded by top 40 hits. Remus clicks send on his text, causing several people to check their pinging phones. Sirius smirks as he checks his own phone to read what Remus has sent to the select coworkers who are chill about the marauders' attempts to liven things up around the office. This morning's musical stylings are coming at you from the desk of Severus Snape. No requests, please. James sighs heavily. "See, Pads, now here's a decent prank, and Lily's not even here to see it." Sirius kicks at James' chair so it rolls away from the desk. "She'd make us fix it. No sense of humour. I don't know what you see in her." James throws his stress ball at Sirius' face. "You're a miserable curmudgeon bachelor who breaks women's hearts before you even talk to them long enough to tell them to go away. What do you know about romance?" Sirius catches the stress ball in his left hand, chucking it across the room towards the Product cubicles. Neither of them bother going to pick it up. It'll get tossed back eventually. "We're young, Prongs. We're not supposed to be thinking about romance or relationships. We're supposed to be going out and having fun, not worrying about commitment or dating." Sirius is flicking paper clips at the wall of his cubicle, but one eye is trained on Remus, who is doing his best to ignore the both of them. He hopes Remus is absorbing his not-so-subliminal messages. Maybe they won't ever be a couple, but Sirius doesn't see why they can't be best friends and roommates forever. Remus has already mentioned that he does not want kids, not with his mess of a genetic pool, and eventually he'll be too old to go trolling for ass at the clubs, and then it would just be the two of them, once they kick out James and Peter, and even if it's not everything that Sirius wants, maybe it could be enough, and he'd never have to deal with all the rest of it- "Augh!" James has stuck a push pin into his elbow. "What the fuck, Prongs?" "Pay attention and you won't get poked," James answers calmly, as Snape's playlist in the background switches over to a Pitbull remix. "As Moony and I were beginning to discuss while you sat there staring at the blank wall like you were waiting for an acid trip to kick in, our BFD after party has to be epic this year. The best party we've ever thrown. The best party that anyone has ever thrown in the history of the valley. And the city. All of California. Possibly in all of the world, ever." "I'm fairly sure several Roman emperors beat you to it," Remus responds dryly as he folds a Post-It into a paper plane. "Personally, I'd just like to have one year where we don't have to clean any vomit out of the pool the next morning." "Moony, how can a party be epic without at least one person barfing in the pool?" Sirius grins as Remus throws the paper plane at his head, where the sticky part tangles in his hair. He doesn't bother pulling it out. "Well, we've got three months. Start up a new Pinterest board, Prongs. I'm sure we'll come up with some good ideas by June." "One step ahead of you, Moony." James is grinning as he turns his laptop to show them his latest Pinterest board, entitled GET LIT BFD 2014. "I'm pinging Marlene and Dorcas, the Marketing team always has bomb ideas. Moony, you and Peter work on the playlist and the smoke supply. Maybe some other party favors as well, but nothing too hard, and VIP friends only for anything other than weed. I'm not dealing with people who can't handle their shit. This is going to be a classy, upbeat party. No lightweights or downers." Sirius is silent as James and Remus continue to chatter on about how many Kendrick songs Remus is allowed to add to the playlist. He is thinking of last year's party. Some busted blonde had been hanging all over Remus, giggling and running her hands along his arm. Sirius had been forced to push her into the vomit section of the pool to get rid of her when Remus excused himself to the bathroom. Hopefully, he won't have to resort to such tactics this year. He's usually fine with Remus occasionally hooking up with someone, really, it doesn't bother him all that much, but BFD is the marauder's night. It's their thing that they do together, just the four of them, every year since they were eighteen, and their after party has become a thing of legends amongst their friends and coworkers, according to James anyway. Sirius looks over at Remus, who's rolling his eyes and laughing at something James is saying. A small smile creeps onto Sirius' face. Maybe Remus would understand, if he knew about Sirius. Maybe he'd be okay with it, with the fucked up way Sirius works. Maybe he'd be down for something unconventional. Maybe not, though.