had an incredibly ugly vase on its top. An ugly vase that always had these sticks in them. Harry did not know the meaning of these sticks, but thought them the most ridiculous decoration he had ever come across. And he still remembered the troll-foot umbrella stand that Walburga Black had just absolutely adored. He slowly walked through the house, and neared the small sitting room that Ginny had taken over as an office. He glanced inside and noticed his wife sitting at a small writing desk, diligently working on some letter or something. Which Harry knew would ultimately mean another trip into society for him. And he thought hard about his life as it currently was. This was the third dinner out in two weeks where she had ignored him in favor of reading her letters. The third dinner out in two weeks where she had ordered a number of things which she had ignored in favor of reading her letters. And as he thought and considered, he realized that those three dinners were the only ones he had taken with his wife, despite his being at home and eating and knowing that she too was at home. He sighed as these things flashed through his head. For a moment, he wondered about possibilities; about what he could have done different, and about what he could still change. Thoughts of Hermione and Luna and a handful of others that he had met over the years. He wondered how it had come to this, married to someone who apparently loved his fame more than she loved him. As if she had finally sensed his presence, Ginny looked up at him. She smiled that incredibly fake smile of hers, the one that told him that she had something society for them to do. "Oh, there you are Harry," she said, her voice lacking any emotion at all really. It was a tone of voice that he had used during business meetings with people who wanted something from him, but he had no true use for. "Esther Tremblewhite has invited us to dinner this Saturday." Harry frowned as he thought over his own schedule, and what he had told his wife regarding this upcoming weekend. Then he shook his head. "No. We're supposed to meet Hermione and her parents for dinner on Saturday. She's been planning this for weeks. It'll be the first time they've been back to England since the war." Ginny frowned at him. A sulky, petulant, ugly look. "No," she said, turning back to her letters. She had apparently already dismissed him and his concerns. "That won't do at all. I've already told Esther we'd be happy to be there." "But-" "No, I said! You don't need to go have dinner with some other woman and her family. That's not appropriate! And I won't be having it." Harry frowned as he wondered just what was not appropriate about having dinner with one of his best friends and her parents. Especially since he had been spending less and less time with said best friend over the past five years since the end of the war. For a moment, anger flared in his chest. He knew he deserved better than that. He knew Hermione deserved better than that. "But-" She bounced out of her seat. The expression on her face even harsher and uglier. She shook her head, a wild cascade of fiery hair. "I'm not going to argue with you about this. You don't get to hurt me by running off to spend time with some other girl. We're attending the party on Saturday. End of discussion. Now, I'm going to bed; don't bother joining me." She brushed past him. Harry's chest twinged at her words, his anger collapsed into that dark place where it always did. Righteous indignation gave way to that almost needful desire to please those around him. He could still hear Arthur's soft voice telling him that marriage was a sharing, something that took work and where you would put your partner's needs above your own. That it was hard work, but ultimately should be a rewarding experience for two people in love. Apparently spending time with his best friend hurt his wife. Slowly, he scrubbed at his face; wishing that the tension would leave his shoulders and wishing he knew what to say or do. Wondering how he could tell Hermione of Ginny's plans for them this Saturday. As she slammed the door to their bedroom closed, he knew that this was his life now. Society events he despised. Being paraded back and forth between the cameras and the crowds. Lonely dinners, even when in her company. And worse of all, rarely, if ever, getting to spend time with one of the few people who had always been there for him. This was his life now. He was as imprisoned and entrapped as when he had lived at Privet Drive. There was no control over his life; rather he was left tugged from place to place by someone who knew what was best for him, regardless of what he wanted or thought or desired. And with that thought firmly in mind, Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, the Man-Who-Won, the Freak under the stairs, broke; and for the first time since he was nineteen months old, he cried. He cried for what could have been, and for what never was. As his body trembled with his grief and sorrow, he wished for a single person to be there with him. He wished for a specific soul to be there to comfort him through this pain. He wanted her to be holding him, to be hugging him, and he desperately wanted to hug her in return. And he wondered at what it meant that that person was not his wife. ! Changes made: She's slightly allergic to shellfish, so something with shrimp might be best." changed to She's allergic to shellfish, so something with chicken might be best."