family. They invited everyone over for a barbecue to announce the news and everyone was ecstatic. Lily sent another letter to Petunia and after a month of no replies, Lily was surprised when Petunia showed up at the bakery one day, Dudley in tow. "Can I talk to you, please?" Petunia asked and Lily nodded. "Mary I'm going next door for a bit. Just ring if it gets busy." Lily lead the way to Potter's Box and it was packed, a bunch of orders lined up over the coffee machine. "Hey, love. It's busy, I'll pop by later yeah?" James said not even looking up. Lily fake coughed and James looked up. "Oh." "Petunia, this is my husband, James Potter. James, my sister Petunia and her son Dudley." Lily glared at James as though daring him to comment on the name. "Lovely to meet you both," James said. "Oi, Potter! We're out of ice cream! Hiya, Lily," Sirius waved and she waved back before he was off serving food to people. "Fuck," James muttered, "Just take a seat upstairs, I'll join you when I can. Petunia, can I get you anything?" "A latte, please." "I'll have my usual," Lily said quietly. "What about you, Dudley?" The boy shied away from his Aunt behind his mother's leg. "Perhaps a milkshake or a hot chocolate?" Lily asked Petunia. "A chocolate milkshake." James nodded and Lily lead her sister and nephew up the spiral stairs to the empty loft where they could get some privacy. "Vernon and I … we're splitting up." "What? Why?" "I need a place to stay for a bit." Lily bit her lip. Her sister shunned her for years and now she wanted her help. "We haven't spoken in seven years." James came up to serve their drinks and when he went to leave, Lily caught his hand and looked at him with wide eyes. James nodded and took a seat. "I was wrong to push you away, Lily. I loved him and I was just trying to fit in his world and I got caught up with it. I have missed you so much." "It didn't seem like it." "Please, Lily … help me." "What does she need?" "A place to stay," Lily said curtly. "I just don't understand, Petunia. You shut me out for seven years and now you want to live with me?" "Any money I'd saved up from before I was married is being used to pay for the attorney. I don't have money." James placed a key onto the table. "What's that?" Petunia asked. "A key to an apartment in London. You're free to use it — no rent." James wrote down the address on his notepad before ripping it off and handing it to her. "The place has four bedrooms and it's furnished. It may be a little dusty, I haven't been there in a few years. All I ask is that you pay the bills." Petunia nodded once, grabbing the key and the piece of paper. "That is more than I deserve." "It is," James agreed. "But you're family." Later that night, James was holding Lily in bed. "You didn't have to do that," Lily murmured. "I know but she's your sister." "I love you." "I love you, too." "Three," Lily corrected. "Hmm?" James asked puzzled. "It's twins so technically, you love us three." She rolled over so their faces were a mere inch apart. "We're having twins?" James grinned and he whooped as Lily laughed and he kissed her all over her face before finally landing on her lips. In May, Lily gave birth to two baby girls and Harry brought them a stuffed animal each. Everyone visited Lily in the hospital — even Petunia who had taken to calling Lily every Tuesday night. In the morning on the second day at the hospital, they were trying to come up with names. "What about Polly?" Peter asked. "Polly Potter," Lily wrinkled her nose. "No offence, Pete but that's dreadful." "Olivia?" Marlene suggested but James shook his head this time. "I expect better of you, McKinnon." "It's a nice name!" "Daisy!" Harry shouted. "Daisy, Daisy, Daisy!" Lily and James looked at each other. "Daisy Potter," Lily tested out loud. "I like it." James went over to the two basinets. "But which one do we call Daisy?" he asked distressed. And so an argument over which twin looked more like a Daisy ensued and eventually it was settled that the one with a tuft of red hair on her head would be called Daisy. "So one down, one more to go," Sirius announced. "You should name her after a star." "Don't go forcing your family's weird naming traditions on my kid, Black." "You know, Sirius is considered a unisex name." "Shut up, Padfoot," James and Remus said at the same time. "What about Evie?" Lily suggested, looking at her new little girl who was going to have her daddy's hair. "Evie Potter. Daisy and Evie. Evie and Daisy," James tested out loud and then he grinned. "Where's the nurse with the the birth certificate?" "I'm wounded," Sirius put a hand to his heart. "Harry, dear, hit Uncle Sirius for mama." Harry complied. "Low, Evans." "That's Potter to you," James corrected. "Yeah Black come on. They've been married almost two years!" Marlene teased. "Wait," Peter said, "What about middle names?" The entire room groaned before they jumped back into suggesting names. Two hours later after six google searches and using Harry to break ties they settled upon: Daisy Grace Potter And Evie Hope Potter. On the third day, they took the twins home and Harry and James surprised Lily with a gigantic teddy bear that sat in the girls nursery and as Harry sat with James and Daisy and Lily rocked Evie in her arms, Lily wondered how she'd ever gotten so lucky to have a family like this because never in her wildest dreams did she imagine she could ever be this happy.