Go on, kill me I said." He jeered, latching a hand over the wand. I was angry with his mocking tone of voice, but I wasn't actually prepared to kill him. That had been an empty threat I knew I wasn't capable of, and I had a growing suspicion that he knew it too. He was behind me now, though how I didn't know. "You have the strength. All you have to do is use it. You know the spell, Bellatrix." He whispered seductively, first in one ear, then circling around to the other. I felt his hot breath on the back of my neck. I realized that he had managed to take my wand. He held it discreetly at his side. The wand was in his left hand, while the right was gently stroking my arm just above the elbow. I felt myself losing concentration, quickly being engulfed in utter fascination with him. "I…I can't kill you. I w-won't." I stammered, struggling to find my voice. He was back in front of me now. "Why not? You said you would, and I know you are capable." He asked, easing the wand back into my right hand. When I did not respond, he closed my fingers around it. "That was a hollow threat." I reasoned. It was true, I had wanted to use the Cruciatus Curse down in the bar, and I had wanted to kill him when I made the threat. But now, when I was stuck in this situation, I knew I couldn't go through with it. He was intentionally embarrassing me. "I can give you the strength you need to unlock all of the caged power inside of you. I've heard a lot about you from my Death Eaters. Open your mind to me, and I can personally help you master the dark arts. I, Lord Voldemort, am requesting your lifelong service as a Death Eater. The opportunity to rid the world of any wizard less than pureblood. I will put you in my inner circle: you will be my apprentice, my most trusted servant. All I need is complete access into your mind, and your undying loyalty." He said, now back in my ear, his cold hands clasping mine. "Yes, my lord, I want to join your cause." I replied faintly. I sank to my knees on the hardwood floor. He smiled, wickedness creeping over his face. He put a hand under my chin and lifted my head to meet his eyes. I managed to hold the gaze. Something about finally meeting him in person was surreal. He reminded me so much of myself, though he had a certain aura or power about him that I lacked. I concentrated very hard. I had learned Occlumency from a young age, and therefore always had a barrier around my mind, guarding my precious thoughts. I willed it to come down, and the Dark Lord entered my mind, viewing every memory, reading every thought. When what felt like a lifetime had passed, he tore himself from my cognizance. He came over to me, as I had somehow wound up lying in the floor on the opposite side of the room. He nodded curtly, raising my chin again. Without another word, he kissed me. I was taken aback, but in a good way. Just as I started to return the kiss, he jerked away, throwing me back onto the floor. He became the black cloud yet again, and flew out the window and into the cool night. I watched after him, but he was gone. I returned to the present feeling spiteful. He still remembered that kiss, all those years ago, I knew that he did. For some unfathomable reason, he would never acknowledge it, or ever speak of his feelings for me, even though I had tried in vain for so many years to make him see that I loved him unconditionally, and that I would do anything for him. I banged my arms violently against the damp stone wall in frustration. It hurt quite badly, but I was numb to the pain. Pain, the only thing I had come to know during these fourteen miserable years. It drowned me, filling my soul with its vile pang. I screamed madly, my banshee voice waking some neighboring prisoners. Please, please my lord, get me out of this hellhole! Before I lose any more of my waning sanity! I slid down the damp wall, feeling defeated. I let my dark, untamed curls spill wildly over my face. He couldn't abandon me, not now. I blinked rapidly, my eyes growing moist. I pulled up my dirty left sleeve, exposing the Dark Mark that was branded into my skin. I jabbed at it brutally, hoping to feel it grow warm once again. I pressed my gaunt face to my left forearm, hungering for the familiar warmth. I kissed it, shrieking eagerly. Every time it grew warm, it meant that he was near, that h was requesting my presence. I could scarcely contain my excitement. Then, I heard a steady rumble. It grew louder and louder. Definitely not the sound of ordinary thunder. I knew that sound all too well living in a place with eternal rain, thunder and lighting. Boom! The entire outer wall crumbled away, creating a gateway to the outside. I slowly inched my way through the opening, hoping desperately it wasn't a mirage. I stepped out into the overcast atmosphere, feeling wind in my hair for the first time in fourteen years. I resumed my hysterics, laughing triumphantly at this wonderful turn of events. The sound of my sinister cackling rang in my ears, dying out with the thunderous boom that had set me free. Freedom. The mere word brought pure joy to my twisted heart. Now, to resume my one mission in life. The Dark Lord awaits, and I was not going to disappoint. I smirked manically, and Disapparated, becoming just another ominous black cloud in the ferocious storm.