to admit that Dippet inspired sleep more than any academic virtue. Fleamont nodded in response and escorted him back to his study as they fell into a comfortable silence. Things had been rather tense between them lately and he was pleased that Albus still felt at ease around him. "Off to your calling then?", Fleamont asked as they reached the mantel. "Young minds always need to be filled with knowledge." Fleamont smirked. "And platitudes, Albus. Don't forget the platitudes." He beamed. "Never." With that word, he was gone in a burst of green flames that left a slight breeze reverberating through the room. The smirk never left his face as he went to find Thaddeus and Euphie. They were not hard to find given that they had apparently never left the library. Thaddeus was hunched over one of the few books that he hadn't already read cover to cover and Euphie looked as if she'd keel over any time now from sheer boredom. I best rescue her… Fleamont took a seat at the table, getting Euphie's attention. Thaddeus, however, did not acknowledge his arrival and remained focused on his reading. After it became apparent that he wasn't going to be separated from the book by his own volition, Fleamont slammed his hand hard on the table. Thaddeus jerked his head up and glared. "Ye could 'ave just said hello." His eyes were bloodshot and he looked as if he'd been trampled by a hippogriff. Fleamont chuckled. "That wouldn't have been nearly as fun." Euphie got up, obviously excited that her 'babysitting' stint was over. "Not that this hasn't been great bonding time, Tad, but I've tired of watching you try to read the same paragraph for minutes on end. I'll be flying in the field. This good weather won't last..." She trailed off as she left the room, clearly glad to escape the library. Although not as erudite as her brother, Euphie was nothing if not observant and Fleamont caught something that gave him pause. "The same paragraph?" Thaddeus looked back down at the book intently. "I seem to 'ave proved my theory correct. Alcohol and books do not mix." He sighed as he returned his gaze to Fleamont. "He knows summat, Flea." "Albus?" Fleamont supposed that it was possible, but he doubted that he would have remained so amiable if that was the case. "What makes you say that?" Thaddeus pulled a worn letter from the insides of his outer robe. "He said that we weren't in 'regular correspondence'. He said tha' like he knew." He held the letter up at eye level so Fleamont could get a better look at it. The envelope was in a horrible state and had various stains from ink, water, and blood peppering its frayed parchment. Fleamont could barely make out the mark on its surface. "How many hands has this gone through?" Thaddeus shrugged as he handed it over. "Enough." He gingerly took it from him and opened it to reveal a blank piece of parchment that was pristine and untouched by the stains that afflicted the envelope. It's been so long without word… He must have been staring too long, as he heard Thaddeus clear his throat. His friend smiled. " 'ave you forgot how or are ye going to sniff it for perfume?" Fleamont glared at him while hooking his leg under Thaddeus' chair and pulling it out from under him. He felt distinct satisfaction at his friend's pained grunt and reached around his neck to pull his pendant out from under his robes and over his head. He relished the feeling of the silver chain over his fingers. He seldom removed it, as so long as it was around his neck it remained invisible to the dissolute who denied the inevitable. His fingers grasped the pendant itself which bore the mark of the hallows and shakily pressed it to the bottom right of the 'blank' parchment with barely contained excitement. As soon as the metal touched the paper, words began to appear in black swirls, chicken scratch, and flowing prose. Text written by hundreds of different hands and several languages wrote itself at a rapid pace and disappeared just as quickly. It took a few minutes for the enchantment to decide what words were meant for him. He smiled when a familiar ordered script scrawled across the parchment. Fleamont, They could not contain me, but you will have no doubt heard of the incompetence of the Americans by now. We must meet to coordinate our plans for the future. I do not yet know where or when, but it will be soon. Much has transpired and our methods must change accordingly. Subterfuge cannot be the only weapon any longer. The old way of thinking is too ingrained and at this rate it will take too long to make others see the natural order of things. Keep your true allegiance close to your chest, answer my summons, and all will be clear soon. You must be vigilant, Floh. The political climate is delicate, but it might be the opening that you and your little group have been waiting for. I look forward to seeing you in person, my friend, but we must tread carefully. You never know who is watching. Für Immer dein Kamerad, -Gellert He looked up from the letter to find Thaddeus smirking at him. "Is it time?" Fleamont only took a brief moment of consideration before nodding. "It is. We'll move our plans forward and inform the covenant of recent developments." They both sat in silence for a few moments processing the fact that years of planning may finally be coming to fruition. Fleamont couldn't help but smile with an excitement that he hadn't felt in years. Judging by the gleam in Thaddeus' eyes, he felt the same. "For the Greater Good." Thaddeus' smirk morphed into a smile as he extended his arm. Fleamont gripped his friend's forearm firmly and met his eyes. "For the Greater Good."