nodded, then looked at Draco, who had turned around as well. "We'll join you in a moment, mate. Astoria and I need to have a word with Nott first." "Go on," Draco replied, and then watched them walk over with a smirk. Theo was in for a surprise if those two decided to corner him as a couple, they could be surprisingly intimidating if they wanted to. "Okay, Malfoy, let's get it over with," Harry said, smirking as well when he saw his colleague cornered by his former fellow House mates. "I'm pretty sure you prefer talking about why you really wanted to come without them." Draco nodded, and followed Harry into his office. He wasn't surprised to find it in the same systematic chaos as he always did—maybe even more chaotic this time because of the frantic search for Hermione. He sat down in the visitor's chair, while Harry let himself fall into his office chair on the other side of the desk. "I'm probably right if I guess that's about Hermione, right?" Harry asked after eyeing Draco for a moment. "The vests aren't that important to rearrange the schedule, but she would be." "Yes." Draco nodded. Hermione still was the most important person in his life, even if they weren't talking any longer. "I wanted to offer my help. You know I have other means that you can't even consider." "Why?" Harry asked, leaning back, his eyebrow raised. "I mean you two haven't talked in years–" "Doesn't mean I don't care about her," Draco interrupted him sarcastically. "I still do, that's why I am here." Harry took his glasses off, and rubbed his nose bridge. "Look, I don't think this is a good idea. I already have every Auror working on it; and we are going through every detail of her last cases she was working on." "What was she working on?" Draco asked, not taking his eyes off Harry. He tried to hide the fact that he didn't like the rejection of his offer, because he really wanted to be part of the search for Hermione. Harry just shook his head. "Still no." "Potter, I've left her in peace for the last eight years, but I never stopped caring about her. I want to help–" "How do you think you could possibly help?" Draco shrugged. "You'd be surprised about the contacts and the options I have. You seem to forget that I own a company with business connections around at least half the globe. I can reach faster, and further than you can with your official ways..." "I have my own network–" "I know. But it isn't as deep as mine. Let me help." "Why?" "Because it's her. And I promised her once that I won't ever give her up. Let me help." "Still no." Harry shook his head, his arms crossed over his chest. "Why? You don't trust me, right?" "Oh, I do trust you enough—after all, Hermione trusted you once too—or I wouldn't let the Ministry make deals with your company. But I do not trust you enough to let you take part in the search. We will find her, these are the best wizards and witches that ever worked as Aurors. You're still too involved, and you would just risk the whole operation." Draco couldn't stop himself from sneering at those words. "I'm good enough to make deals, all right. But you won't let me take part in the search for my ex-girlfriend, who—as you probably know— still owes me a proper explanation as to why she left me in the first place." He noticed Harry's quick downward glance. "Oh, that's rich! You know why she left me and that's why you don't want me to take part. Am I right, Potter ?" "I don't know why she really left you. Maybe it was because she finally realised you two do not fit as perfectly as you thought, and it's not even mine to tell anyway," Harry retorted, straightening up. "I simply do not want to risk the operation with a civilian acting out of bounds." Draco shook his head in disbelief, and then raked through his hair. "I can't believe it. Seriously, I'm offering you a way to act outside of your official channels, and you still reject it. Still a Gryffindor to the bone. Hermione wasn't afraid to bend the rules if needed–" "Something she took up from you." "Not really, no–" A knock at the door announced a visitor, and seconds later, Blaise stuck his head in, greeted with stares from both current inhabitants. "You guys finished talking business?" "We just got started on the vests, haven't we, Potter ?" Draco replied, turning his attention back to Harry. "And I think I might just need to up the price for them, given the circumstances." Blaise entered, shooting a short glance towards Harry. "You know how the game works," he said, handing a file to Draco. "Yes," Harry replied, with a tired smirk. "Not the first time I deal with you guys. And definitely not the first time I deal with someone who didn't get what he wanted." "Okay, let me know if you need anything else. You know how to reach me; but I think I'll better take my wife back to the company before there's nothing left of Nott." Harry and Draco both nodded; the latter already checking the file for anything that might be missing, but it was complete, as always. And Draco was in the mood to make this meeting as tedious and annoying as possible for Harry, just to get a little satisfaction from pissing him off for rejecting his offer of help. TBC Author's Note: I plan to update this story more or less regularly, about twice a month—it depends, however, on my other projects, my speed as a writer, and the speed of my beta reader. :-) Please, do leave a review/comment if you liked this first chapter, it is always appreciated a lot! Thanks!