didn't answer my question, sweet." He said, patronizing her. "What are you doing here in Knockturn Alley?" Her eyes immediately began to tear up, confirming his suspicions that she'd been crying before. "My parents are dead." She whispered, unwilling to break eye contact, almost daring him to say something rude. He wanted to say something rude. That it was good that there were two less muggles in the world, useless as they were. He wanted to ask if they'd suffered first. But he knew it was cruel, and for some reason he couldn't cause this witch any more pain. Today, at least. "How did it happen?" She took another drink from the glass of firewhiskey, and Antonin briefly wondered if she was even old enough to drink firewhiskey. She did look older than the last time he'd seen her. Her face was thinner, more angular, showing off good cheekbones and a pert nose. Her hair seemed less wild as well, but he wondered if that was just due to her being in the rain earlier. Really, she must be old enough to drink if she was here in Knockturn Alley. After all, she must have apparated here, which meant she had her license. She was an adult in the wizarding world. Decidedly not a child anymore. He could kill her now without remorse, he thought. This time he could keep to his code, when he eventually tired of her at the end of the night. Her voice broke his musings. "They were murdered." She whispered, making his dark eyes brows rise in surprise. It was unusual that two muggles would be murdered, and he wasn't aware of any Death Eater plans to take care of Granger's parents. That would need to be personally ordered by the Dark Lord, not just some young vigilante wanting to prove a point. If they did, they would be definitely be punished. Granger was important to the Dark Lord...or rather, her demise would be important. He tried to lie and say that was the only reason why he hadn't just killed her already, but of course, he knew that it wasn't true. He couldn't lie and pretend like he wasn't intrigued by her and the circumstances that had brought her here. She looked so sweet and innocent, but here she was, trying to act so tough. So just what was she doing here then? "Looking for some Death Eater to take down to avenge their deaths?" It would be so like a Gryffindor to rush off to some dark alley to try and take down as many Death Eaters as they could, not giving a second thought to their own personal safety in the process. Hermione snorted, before grabbing the bottle, letting it scrape across the table before she uncorked the bottle and poured a generous portion into her empty glass. "Quite the contrary. I know exactly who killed them. I don't need to take down Death Eaters to get revenge." Antonin stared at her, wondering what that meant. She sounded so bitter. But at the same time, she was suggesting that a Death Eater wasn't responsible for the death of her parents, leading him to question just who it was. Sure, muggles were filthy, killing each other with animal savageness all the time, but he didn't think that the parents of this young woman would fall prey to such an act. She was obviously from a good middle class family, not exactly the type to be randomly murdered. It was odd watching her face. She was so expressive, so free with her emotions, that he could clearly see the wheels churning in her brain as she tried to formulate and work through what she was feeling. "You're Antonin Dolohov." She said finally. He wasn't able to stop the little laugh that bubbled up at her pronouncement. "Yes, I thought we'd established that already, kitten." Perhaps her parents' murder had addled her mind. Was she just now realizing exactly who she was seated across from? "You're...ruthless. You kill without hesitation or concern about who it is. Not emotionless, but driven by rage." Hermione said quickly, as though she were psychoanalyzing him. It made him uncomfortable to have his actions and his motivations picked apart so easily by this little wisp of a girl. "Hell, you almost killed me , a student from Hogwarts. To be honest I had nightmares about you for months. You were vicious." He especially hated to be reminded of his moment where he'd let his emotions get the better of him, hated that she would remind him that he's nearly killed a child. He snarled at her. "What's your point, exactly." She looked up at him with bright eyes. "You can help me get revenge. I want to..." She bit her lower lip, clearly thinking about what she was going to say next. "I need to kill the people who killed my parents. They...deserve to suffer. My parents were innocents. The only problem is, well, I've never killed anyone before and I am sure to mess it all up if were to try it." She looked...eager, almost, excited at the prospect. It was a complete change in her earlier demeanor, and it put Antonin on edge. She'd been so despondent and...it didn't seem right for a girl like Hermione Granger to be excited at the prospect of killing anyone. "You're drunk." He said, with a sneer, wondering for the first time why he hadn't just left this conversation already, carted her off to the Dark Lord and claimed whatever reward he would give him. "Maybe." She conceded with a giggle, which seemed so utterly wrong coming from her mouth. "But I won't change my mind on this. Please, won't you just teach me how to perform the Avada Kedavra?" Even with her posh accent, she stumbled over the words of the killing curse. Merlin, he thought, running a hand over his face. He couldn't believe that he was actually considering this.