cheeks flushing slightly. Dumbledore's smile widened. "I am afraid you have no choice. You will have to learn to work together in order to get through this year. Now you both have a lot of work to do. Run along. Any questions and you can come to me at any time. Questions remember not complaints." Hermione wrinkled her nose and Malfoy looked disgusted. The world would stop turning before they learned to work together she knew that for certain. "I assume you are both mature enough to organise your own meeting times. I have informed both Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall of the situation should you acquire their assistance." The bell's chimed and Dumbledore gestured towards the door. "I think you both have classes to attend if I'm not mistaken." He said with a soft smile. Hermione and Malfoy looked at one another in complete disbelief. This was actually happening. Hermione swung her hair over her shoulder defiantly and nodded at Dumbledore. "Professor." She said with a nod. She stood and Malfoy stood with her securing his own time turner around his neck. They walked to the door consciously avoiding eye contact. They made for the door at the same time and her shoulder bumped into his arm. They glared at one another neither daring to move. "Ladies first." Said Hermione through gritted teeth. Malfoy rolled his eyes. "Hilarious Granger. No, I insist." He said gesturing to the door with a mock gentlemanly bow. Hermione blushed and tensed her jaw. He was infuriating. It was also infuriating how warm his arm was against her. "If both of you don't stop blocking this door way I will remove you both." Said the cold drawl of Professor Snape. Hermione stiffened as she gazed into the black eyes of Severus Snape who was waiting to enter the office. Without another word she squeezed between him and Malfoy. She began to descend the stairs. Malfoy caught up to her and she sighed. She supposed she better start getting used to this. "So when should we meet tonight?" Asked Hermione shyly. Malfoy laughed. "You aren't seriously going to listen to that crazy old bat? My father will find a way to get me out of this stupid situation." He said coldly. "And until then?" She asked. "Until then I sure as hell am not spending two hours of my day with you. We don't all spend our free time in the library. Some of us actually have places to go and people to see. I don't have time for all this nonsense." Hermione rolled her eyes. He was such pompous ass. "It doesn't thrill me either, trust me. But we don't have a choice, at least for now. Meet me at 7." She said. Malfoy groaned. "This can't be happening. I have Quidditch practice at 7. You can't boss me around like Potter or Weaselbee Granger." Hermione shook her head and sighed. "For someone so smart you're pretty stupid." Malfoy frowned and tensed his fists angrily at her half compliment. Hermione stepped in front of him on the stairs. She swung her time turner like a pendulum in front of his moody face. "Use this. After Quidditch practice go back to 7 and meet me in the room of requirement." Malfoy sighed but nodded. She was right. Right now he had no choice if they refused they would just get punished by Snape and McGonagall. He had no intentions of getting on the wrong side of his godfather. "Fine. But don't expect to make this a regular thing alright. The thought of being in your company every day makes me feel queasy." "Again the feeling is entirely mutual Malfoy." She rushed off with a glare aimed straight at him. He watched her for a moment. He watched her long brown, unruly ponytail swinging from side to side. This was the worst start of term ever. His father would most definitely be hearing about this. Snape shook his head at Dumbledore. "Do you really think this is the best idea Albus?" Dumbledore laughed gleefully. "Severus, it's a terrible idea. One of my worst in fact. But you and I both know what it will mean for them both, and for us all, if they learn to put their differences aside. You heard the prophecy." Severus sighed but nodded. "But they are only children. Is it really right for us to push them together like this? Even if it is for the greater good?" Dumbledore hesitated and smiled at Severus meaningfully. "Do not think that because we are merely nudging them in the right direction that they would not have reached the same destination on their own. They are more like minded than they realise. Do they not remind you of anyone Severus? They are very intelligent, proud, stubborn, prejudiced and teasing towards each other. A slytherin and a very talented muggle born Gryffindor. " Severus caught his eyes suddenly and smiled sadly. Yes they did remind him. But his and Lily's story had not had a happy ending in any sense of the word. He wondered if he dared to hope for anything other than a tragic end for both Hermione and Draco. He was scared for them and all that they would have to face. Draco was pouty and spoiled but he was a very sensitive, talented boy beneath it all. And Hermione, although he gave her a hard time, was truly astounding for her age. Her kindness and determination reminded him greatly of the only woman he had ever and would ever love. He hoped that they would have the chance he and Lily had been denied. If only he'd learned to let his prejudices go. Don't make the same mistake Draco or you'll spend the rest of your life regretting it. Dumbledore smiled sadly as he watched Severus remember. "Have faith Severus. Have faith that love will conquer hate. Our very lives and the future of the magical world may depend on it."