matter how much he wanted to make Potter choke on his own blood, he was his Horcrux and he would never knowingly harm a part of his own soul. And this time he knew. Of course it galled him that part of his soul was trapped in the person he hated almost as much as Dumbledore but he would not harm him. Maybe later he would try to separate his soul piece from the boy and find a more appropriate vessel, but for now no harm must come to Harry Potter. The irony was not lost on him. Quirrel started to move. First period were the first year Gryffindors. Time to start. Defence Against the Dark Arts was perhaps Harry's least favourite subject after Potions. Not that the class did not interest him, it really did, but the classroom always smelled like garlic, Professor Quirrel's stutter made it very difficult to understand him and his head always hurt. So he was in equal parts wary and excited when the Professor told them that today would be a practical lesson. "T-t-today we w-w-will be l-l-learning a l-l-little hex th-th-that is n-n-not too a-a-advanced but may h-h-help you in a-a-a situation where you m-m-must defend y-y-yourselves." With a flick of Quirrel's wand an incantation appeared on the board. "H-h-has anyone a-a-any idea what s-s-spell this is?" Predictably Hermione's hand shot in the air, threatening to knock Harry's glasses of. "The nose-bleed hex, Professor." "Correct. F-f-five points to G-g-gryffindor. A-a-as the name s-s-says this s-s-spell makes y-y-your opponents nose b-b-bleed. It m-m-might come in h-h-handy to get you o-o-out of a s-s-sticky situation. A-a-a demonstration. Mr. P-p-potter, please come i-i-in front o-o-of the class." Harry nearly groaned. Could Quirrel even execute the spell correctly, what with his stutter and all? He liked his nose as it was, thank you very much. But Ron pushed him encouragingly forward and Hermione muttered: "Lucky you." She was unreasonably eager, in Harry's opinion, to act as a guinea pig. When he stood a few feet across from Quirrel, the Professor raised his wand and pointed it between Harry's eyes. The whole class seemed to hold their breath as one man and when the silence started to get uncomfortable Quirrel moved. Harry only had time to register that he didn't stutter when he said the incantation before he felt something hot drip out of his nose, onto his lips and running down his chin. He heard Seamus and Dean cheer and Ron cry out "Wicked!", but he only frantically checked his nose. It didn't feel any different. Thank God. The Professor appeared in front of him and touched his nose lightly with the tip of his wand, immediately the bleeding stopped. Quirrel then pulled out a handkerchief and proceeded to wipe away the excess blood on Harry's lips and chin. When the man deemed his task successful he turned to the class. "Th-th-thank you Mr. P-p-potter. F-f-five points f-f-for Gryffindor. Everyone, p-p-please find a-a-a partner a-a-and practice the s-s-spell together." For the rest of the lesson Harry and Ron proceeded to try make each others nose bleed. Hermione finally managed to make poor Neville's nose bleed and was awarded another five points after the Professor stopped his bleeding too. Neither Harry nor Ron had mastered the spell when the bell rang but Ron assured him that Harry had made his nose itch a few times, and in any case, if they were ever in trouble they could simply punch the guy in the face. This made the Gryffindor boys laugh uproariously on their way to their next lesson. Maybe Defence Against the Dark Arts wasn't so bad, his head didn't even hurt today. Night had fallen in Scotland and Voldemort, having taken control of Quirrel's body, sat at the man's desk and was writing out precise instructions on a piece of parchment. This would be the stage of his plan with the highest risk of failure but time was of the essence, he would like to avoid having to drink Unicorn blood and therefore, had to proceed swiftly. Ideally, he would have his new body before Yule. Sadly, it all depended on one of his other servants, one even more incompetent then Quirrel, but beggars can't be choosers. Today's lesson had been a success in more than one way. First of all he had obtained a few drops of Potter's blood. Not, strictly speaking, forcibly taken this time but with the other adjustments he planned for his resurrection it would do the trick. Of course Potter would gain the prolonged protection from his mother's sacrifice, since Potter's blood would flow in his veins again but this would work out in his favour. As long as Potter was his Horcrux he wouldn't want him to die anyway, and if he wanted to find a way to extract his piece of soul from the boy, he would need to be able to touch him without turning into ash. Yes, Potter's blood was still an essential component for the construction of his new body. All he needed was in his grasp now, bar one thing. And this was where the second success of the day came in. One well placed Imperius Curse was all it needed... As if on cue a scratching noise sounded from the door. Amused Voldemort stood and strolled to the door. He opened it, smirked upon seeing the deserted corridor and closed it again. With a few movements of Quirrel's wand he erected strong wards around the office and then turned to attend to his guest. One flick and swish later he cancelled the Imperius Curse and where before sat a rat now was a rather rotund man, missing a finger and frantically looking around in mounting panic. "Crucio." After relishing in the agonized cries for a minute, Voldemort stopped his curse. The man on the floor was twitching and writhing pathetically, tears streaming down his face. "Who... who... are you." "Hello, Wormtail. Long time no see."