in his eyes or compassion in his voice. No, not for her. He was fair when he wanted to be, but the unrepentant darkness in her soul deserved no compassion or understanding. Her unborn child was the only thing that would save her – for the time being. Dumbledore had his reasons; reasons which he was keeping to himself. 'I'm not afraid of him or you old man! You're fools – the pair of you! When the Dark Lord hears of this…!' Snape leaped across the bed and pulled Melinda up by the scruff of her dressing gown. Dumbledore supposed that he should stop him – but he wouldn't. He knew the man that was Severus Snape even better than Snape knew himself in some respects. There was a line his Potions Master would not cross – and he was entitled to be as angry as the Headmaster knew him to be. ' You dare mention him to me! You dare threaten me, is that it?! Half of the Inner Circle is combing the country looking for you no thanks to your dear brother! He shopped you to the highest bidder; conveniently Lucius Malfoy as it so happens! And Malfoy is no fool – he is stereotypically Slytherin thinking only of himself and all that he stood to lose. He sold you lock, stock and barrel to the Dark Lord without breaking a nauseous sweat or betraying himself or anyone in the Inner Circle in the process! Consider yourself fortunate that you have not begun to show! But you could not have carried on with this charade. And you should get down on your knees to Merlin and give thanks for Bellatrix Lestrange being unaware of her competition. ' Snape relished the look of horror on Melinda's face and would not spare her from his deepest loathing. 'Oh – taken you by surprise again have I?!' he continued. 'I warned you, little girl! I warned you but you would not take heed! I knew I was never going to be enough for you, oh no; not the likes of me with my low-born status and nearly empty bank vault! Did I not warn you to stop these foolish games after you damn near ruined my life the first time? You seriously convinced yourself that you and you alone were making a difference in the Dark Lord's life and turning him to Love ? FOOL! ' It was obvious that she had – and that the truth was more than she could bear as Snape spat the word "love" at her. ' Did you really believe you were the first? Or that you would be the last?! Had you convinced yourself that he would never desire anyone as he had done you?! Did you honestly believe that you and you alone enjoyed the pleasures of his flesh and sharing his bed?!' Snape didn't look behind him, but he was all too aware that Dumbledore had moved closer. ' Was I supposed to be jealous, was that it?! Being with the Dark Lord was supposed to make me want you?! You are an even bigger dunderhead than I am used to suffering if you thought that or believed that he could be played like the dupes that many of his followers happen to be! You were never meant to be more than just another notch on his headboard! Siring a child with you was most definitely not on the cards! ' 'What we do now is for the sake of your unborn child,' Dumbledore said firmly as he moved forward and loomed over her. 'And there is no time to waste. There is a price on your head and the babe's. Remain here and at best you might actually deliver before you are discovered. All things considered I do believe your brother will up the stakes and betray you completely. When they find you – and they will – it will be with him leading the way. It will be by his hand that your life is forfeit.' ' No!' came a feeble croak. 'You lie! He… he wouldn't…' Snape's eyes narrowed into slits as he laughed a cold shrill laugh that would gave Voldemort a run for his money in eeriness. She was referring to the Dark Lord and the delusion he would suffer her presence; hers and the child's. 'If I were another type of man I wouldn't cross the street to piss on you even if you were on fire,' he hissed darkly. 'The Dark Lord doesn't appear to be overly fond of the idea of becoming a father or you as the mother of his child. And that puts you in a most precarious position, doesn't it? You can thank Dumbledore for caring. I, for one, do not. ' For the second time since they'd entered her boudoir, Melinda Barrett looked frightened. All her plans had been ruined. There was a very high price to be paid for her recklessness. And being the arrogant self-centred sort that she was, everyone else but her was to blame. But Merlin, what she wouldn't give to undo this unholy mess! 'Yes or No, Miss Barrett?' Snape demanded. 'Come with us and you and the child have a chance. Otherwise you can remain here – with no recollection of our little chat.' Melinda opened her mouth voicelessly, giving her the grotesque appearance of a floundering fish out of water struggling to breathe. 'I will take that as a 'yes', shall I?' Snape reached over and hoisted her up in his arms, wrinkling his nose at the sour scent of her. 'My things!' she shrieked. 'I'm not going anywhere without…' ' Your life or your precious things, Miss Barrett,' Dumbledore snapped, clearly impatient with her. 'Things can always be replaced. Lives cannot. Your unborn child is your priority – your only priority!' Dumbledore grabbed onto Snape's travelling cloak and with a loud CRACK they Disapparated, leaving no sign of having ever been there.