his old bedroom in the relative comfort of knowing that Voldemort would never be granted access inside the Black ancestral home, and that none of his death eater family members would know to look for a horcrux there. As far as he knew, no one else even knew there was a horcrux to find. If he were keeping a tally of all of the things that caused him to feel guilt, not telling anyone else about the horcrux was quickly nearing the top. Unfortunately, at the time of his 'death' there hadn't been anyone he could trust with the information who wouldn't have tried to arrest or kill him on sight without bothering to listen to what he had to say. Except Maliah. Seeing as he had taken her with him when he left, her knowledge didn't help anyone else much. If the death eaters had truly been called to return to Voldemort's side tonight, it undoubtedly meant that he had managed to return to his human body. Regulus may not have dedicated his life to ensuring there weren't more horcruxes, but he would never forgive himself if Voldemort found a way to retreive and repair Slytherin's locket to regain a body. As he reached his old bedroom, he fondly read the plaque that still hung on his door. 'Do Not Enter without the Express Permission of Regulus Arcturus Black,' he could still hear Sirius taunting him when he hung it up after his second year at Hogwarts. Leaving the sign, he unlocked his door and walked inside. He did his best to ignore the obvious pureblood obsession of his previous life and walked directly to his desk. Pulling open the top most drawer, and undoing several protections, he eventually revealed what he had been searching for. The remains of the locket were just as incinerated yet ominous as he remembered. He closed his eyes in both relief that the locket was still there and in shame. He didn't have to feel guilty about keeping the horcrux to himself when he had destroyed the "only one" that existed. He could only assume now that had never been the case. 'Padfoot' led Remus towards Grimmauld Place with no small amount of trepidation. The house had only ever been marginally more welcoming than Azkaban and if not for the dementors, Sirius thought he might prefer the prison. According to Dumbledore his mother had died a decade ago. He was the last surviving male of a family he hated. Any hope of the Black family's legacy surviving rested with him. He vowed to use every contraceptive known to wizard kind, should the opportunity to reproduce present itself. The Black family deserved to die out. They were bigoted, arrogant and cruel- and prided themselves on those qualities as if they could actually be considered admirable. It would be his last great act of defiance towards the family he despised to ensure the family name died with him. His mother of all people, deserved nothing less. There was no telling what sort of disarray they would find the house in. Kreacher had probably died by now, leaving behind a rotting corpse that Sirius was sure would add to the furnishings. If Kreacher was still alive and on his last leg, it wouldn't take much for him to help the him on his way out. Merlin, he hated that elf. Kreacher would parrot the beliefs of his family about pureblood supremacy, without ever giving thought to the fact that it was those purebloods he loved so much who forced him to punish himself whenever he disobeyed them. His greatest aspiration in life had been to have his head chopped off and mounted to a wall in the stairwell of the Black's ancestral home. He was fanatical and demented- in short, the perfect elfin match to the 'Noble' and Most Ancient House of Black. Regulus had called it taking pride in his work. Regulus. While it would have been difficult to return to Grimmauld Place in any situation, thinking of his brother made it physically painful. Somewhere in his chest region there was an ache- a hollowed space never to be filled again. Their parents had likely only reproduced to ensure the Black name lived on, as was their duty. To his mother they were the brats who caused messes in the house of her fathers and were constantly risking her reputation with their tomfoolery. To his father they were putty, requiring both instruction and punishment to mold them into a near replication of himself. There was no need for Sirius nor Regulus to have opinions, for they always agreed with whatever their parents thought. Until Sirius didn't. The give and take of tolerance and discipline in his childhood, was replaced by animosity and resentment in the years after he began Hogwarts. He could only imagine the intensity of their loathing after learning he had joined The Order- that he would willingly take up arms against their 'only' son. There had never been any love between Sirius and his parents, but he and Regulus had been close once. In a family that resented their presence, there was solace in having each other. Of course, even that changed once Sirius left for school and was sorted into Gryffindor. After his parents learned of his sorting, they became less indifferent towards their youngest child in favor of being more manipulative. Regulus died before he was old enough to realize the extent in which he was being misled. Then again, he was a Black. Maybe Sirius was being overly optimistic to think it would have made a difference. He had certainly never been brave. He had hid behind Sirius in their youth, behind his gang of Slytherins at school, and behind a mask as a death eater. He had been easily influenced and a coward. He had also barely lived long enough to see eighteen. Sirius transformed into his human form and approached the door of number twelve Grimmauld Place.