or major, or anything." Lily grinned. "I just want a burger, a real, juicy burger." He laughed and moved closer to her. "I wanted to be a doctor." James was silent, head bent. "James?" He grunted. "If the plague doesn't end, who will be the next generation of doctors?" They fell silent again. "I don't know Lily. Maybe you can stay longer at the clinic next time, learn something every time you go. Become more of a midwife than a doctor, but at least you could deliver a baby, or set a bone more confidently." She nodded, and pulled her jacket closer. He pulled her into a side hug, not noticing how she tensed where he touched. Her skin was burning underneath his arm, but she moved closer, towards his solid warmth. "We're going to be stuck here, forever," he murmured. "Sometimes I think I understand why you want to be a driver, but I still am too scared to even go farther than the parking lot." Lily snorted and poked his side. She pulled away and stood on the edge of the building, holding her arms out. Opening her mouth, she began yelling. "Everyone, listen up - James Potter, the biggest, baddest of them all has just admitted to being scared of a few lousy -" James yanked her arm from the edge, throwing his head back as he laughed. Lily landed directly in front of him, only inches away. His laughter slowed down and Lily glanced away, trying to imagine anything but those perfect lips, perfect eyes, perfect hair - Lily took a step back as the silence grew uncomfortable, not able to think clearly when he was so close. He shut his eyes and opened his mouth to say something, as if steeling himself for impact. But nothing came out, and the tension increased. He was bloody beautiful, of course he was bloody gorgeous, and Lily couldn't help but admire the soft light that hit his face. Taking another step back, Lily began to talk quickly - "I should probably get back to my side -" The only warning Lily got was a blazing, burning look in his eyes, mixed next to the gold and green flecks. His lips were suddenly on hers, forcing her back a half step, and the gun on her shoulder clattered to the ground. Before she could respond, he had grabbed her shoulders and pulled her closer, closer than she thought was possible, his lips moving against hers. The wind whistled in her ear, her brain screamed at her to stop, this couldn't - shouldn't be happening but all she could think about was James, James, James. As if a switch turned on, she tossed away her fears, her hands moving from her sides to his shoulders, then to his hair. And after so long, this felt more than right. The kiss started out slow and soft, but James' tongue flicked her upper lip, and Lily opened her mouth quickly, groaning, and letting him pour kisses over her mouth, her lips, her cheeks, her neck. Lily threaded her hands through his hair - finally - and her lips curved into a smile. He broke away, but kept his forehead against hers, breathing hard. He looked into her eyes, grinning. "Everything ok?" Lily smiled, catching him in a kiss in between words, one hand sliding to grip his jacket. "I should … have done this a … long time ago." He pulled away gently and wrapped her in a hug, pressing a kiss into her hair. "Now who was scared?" Lily rested her head on his shoulder, cheeks burning, breathing in his scent as she watched the sun sink below the clouds. James was still holding her hand, and brushed his lips over her hair again, but was content to just wait for her to talk. When she finally spoke, it was only to repeat her earlier statement. "James? I don't want to get attached." He took a deep breath, pulling away slightly. "I don't want something short term, Lily -" "Neither do I. But if we start this, and something happens to either of us -" "Nothing is going to happen, Lily. I won't let it," James said stubbornly. She made a noise of protest. "I won't let it," He repeated. "Okay." Lily tilted her head up to look at James again. In that moment, she felt she could trust him with anything, he was a solid, constant, steady - what she needed in her chaotic life. She bit her lip and glanced at his dark eyes. He grinned. "Admiring the view?" Lily smirked. "You wish." She went on her tiptoes so she was level with him, and his lips met hers again. Lily pressed a line of kisses down his neck, hands in his hair, and reaching up to find his lips again, one hand on the line of his trousers, when Marlene burst through the door to the roof. "Are you guys hurt? You aren't answering -" Marlen grinned, and turned to Sirius, close behind her. Sirius let out a loud whoop as James and Lily pulled away from each other, blushing. With one hand, Lily grabbed James' hand, giving it a quick squeeze. He turned a bright red, and she just laughed. Marlene and Sirius roared with laughter as James flipped them off, then grabbed Lily and moved behind a plant. He tugged her down, and she sat down next to him, hiding behind a bed of tomatoes. Once they heard the door close, and the soft patter of feet down the stairs, James shifted so his hands were on either side of her, leaning in with a fierce gleam in his eye. "I love you already, bloody heck," James whispered into her ear. "Oh?" Lily teased. "I think I love you too." XXX If you liked it, please review, they keep me writing :) I might end up putting all of my one shots on this doc :)