here Fred, everyone except for me. A few years ago, I was optimistic, I thought I could continue my life. I can't, Fred, I can't, I keep thinking that you will never have a family, you will never meet our new family members. You won't ever see this new era where Weaslys are so many, and they're considered heroes, they're rich and popular and happy. You will never do anything at all again. Nor I can do anything at all. We are two halfs Fred, we can do nothing separated. It's too hard for me. As you saw, my first paragraph was pretty optimistic and cheerful. It was how others think I feel. This one, full of sadness, disappointment and anger is how I feel. I'm destroyed Fred. I'm not myself anymore. I just want you. Your other half London, 05-16-2007 My daughter, Roxanne was born today. However I'm not happy. I'm not happy, because you are not here. Missing you so much George London, 05-02-2008 It's been ten whole years and I miss you more than ever. I don't have the courage to invent anything for the shop. I don't have the courage to play with my children. I don't care about what others say about me. They criticize me, they say I've given up my life. It's the truth, they can say anything they want. I don't care anymore. Freddie is in Shell Cottage every day. Roxanne has literally moved in Burrow with mom. I can see Angelina cry at nights. I don't care. I cry more than her. I'm destroyed. You are the only thing that is important to me. You're not here, why should I be? George Burrow, 12-26-2008 Dear Fred, I didn't know. I hadn't even thought of it. I hadn't thought of it until Ginny told me last night when she found me crying on your bed in Burrow. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry Fred. I only thought you were important to me. Now I know I'm important to you too. Ginny came in my room, saw me crying. All she said was "Fred wouldn't want this for you". I asked her what she meant. She told me. She told me that you love me too. She told me that you must be worried about me since you left. She told me you wanted me to continue my life, be who I was, a happy boy. She told me everyone was worried about me. She told me I should go on, I should love my family, I should run the shop. She told me that is all you want for me. Now I can understand. I understand you suffer more than me. I know that you feel guilty, you feel that you ruined my life. You feel you shouldn't have left and you feel so alone, you don't have your family with you. I'm so sorry Fred. You suffered for ten long years, seeing me crying and you couldn't do a thing. I promise, Fred, I will be myself from now and on. I will always remember you, I will always miss you, but I'll live, I'll live for my wife, my children, my family. I'll live for you. I'll live for me. I will always love you. I will always miss you. I will live George London 03-11-2011 Dear Fred, I made it. I made it, I managed to live, I managed to be normal. Yesterday I created a patronus for the first time since you died. I did it. I'm finally alive, alive and free. I think I should inform you about our family news. Last decade was definitely the baby-decade. There are many more Weaslys around, Lily Luna, who is Harry and Ginny's daughter, Hugo, who is Hermione and Ron's son and there are also the daughters of Percy and Audrey. Yes, Percy and Audrey got married! Their daughters are one year apart and their names are Lucy and Molly. The baby-decade ended last year and now we're in the Hogwarts-decade. Teddy Lupin is now a second year and Victoire is starting Hogwarts in September. The children have grown up and we've grown old! The Weaslys are now the most successful family in the ministry. Dad retired last year, but Percy is Head of Education Department, Hermione is Head of Magical Law Enforcement, Ron is Head of Auror Training and Harry is Head Auror. Crazy, isn't it? The shop is doing very well. I managed to open a second shop in Hogsmead, as we planned to do before the war. McGonagall says she won't let the children bring the products in the school, but I seriously doubt this. We sold out the last time the students visited Hogsmead! I might open a third shop in Ireland in a few years. That's all. I miss you very much, George London, 09-01-2013 Fred, Freddie started school today. He went in Gryffindor, with Dominique. I'm so proud! Gryffindor needed a few Weaslys, but Victoire went in Ravenclaw, and Teddy (well, he's more of an adopted Weasly) went in Hufflepuff. I bet Remus was like "NOOO" and Tonks was like "YEAHHH". I can't wait until Fred pulls pranks for the first time! He has brought with him every single product I've launched this year! I bet tomorrow McGonagall will write to me or something. I wish you could be here, with us, but you're not. I miss you. Yours, George Author's Note: Remember when you arranged us a date is referring to an alternative of the story where Angelina went to the Yule Ball with Fred. According to it, George liked her but he was too shy to ask her out. Fred did and they switched during the Ball, so George danced with her that night. So, what do you think? I know I have made too many mistakes and I'm really sorry, English is not my native language. Please review and tell me what you think about the story. Should I write more letters?