need a fellytone, he had asked? The floo connected them right to their family and to Harry. To his family, she reminded him. Her family was only reachable by telephone, because the Ministry wouldn't make an exception to the floo network. Not even for a war hero. The phone, old enough that their magic didn't interfere with any delicate circuitry, was the one obvious Muggle link to her family. When she found them and restored their memories, she vowed never to cut them off from her again. The phone was her promise, she said. He never understood it, and always jumped when the shrill mechanical ring filled the flat. She looked at the card again for the one hundred and first time. What in heaven's name could a surprisingly alive Severus Snape want with her. She shrugged, finally peeling herself away from her self imposed exile of the cushions. She laughed, hysteria playing around the edges. There was literally nothing to lose. Shaky fingers rolled the dial around, calling the number. "It took you this long to sober up, did it?" That voice. Like deep tobacco rolled in velvet. Wood aged Fire Whiskey and honey. A touch of mirth played around the edges. It knocked her off balance. "I don't always go through half a bottle of scotch, sir." She said lightly. The honorific automatically making its return. Old habits died hard, apparently, in the sober light of day. "Imagine my surprise when I wake up with a hangover worthy of a chocolate frog card and find out you are, indeed, alive." An exasperated sigh was her answer. "Yes yes, we did this yesterday, sir. Though admittedly I don't recall you telling me why you tracked me down." A pause. A beat. She snagged her bottom lip between her teeth, gnawing at the flesh of it. "Because, unfortunately, you have always been good at your job." The sneer evident. It had cost much for him to say it. As a child, just as her magic began to manifest, praise from teachers would literally make her glow. She would light up like a Christmas tree, lights dancing under her skin in playful waves. She cradled the receiver between her ear and shoulder as she glanced down at her forearms. No lights. Damn if it didn't feel like it. "Get a hold of yourself, Ms. Granger, I can hear you vibrating from across the city." So he was still in town. "Shall we cut to the proverbial chase, then?" Some rich, deep rumble echoed in her ears and she realized he had laughed. An astounding sound she wasn't sure anyone in the wizarding world had ever heard. "You are one of two N.E. level arithmancers currently not employed at Hogwarts or Gringotts, and I am in need of a cost-benefit analysis." She blinked. "And why me, sir?" "I will not repeat myself, Ms. Granger." The hard edge was back. Good. She knew how to deal with angry Snape. Angry Snape was a childhood comfort. "Of course, sir. However, I am currently employed by the Ministry." She stretched the cord of the phone as far as it could go, digging into a drawer for a scrap of parchment and a self-inking quill. "Doing what, exactly, Ms. Granger?" She froze. A desk gig at the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures wasn't exactly impressive. Though she was doing her damndest to get Jacob Manderly in the Being division to take up the cause of reclassifying House Elves. She would get him to listen to her, whether he wanted to or not. No one could avoid Hermione Jean Granger when she was on a mission. Her silence stretched longer than she wanted. The footing lost. "As expected. How the mighty war heros are greeted when they return home." Now he was being nasty. Her face reddened and she laid the quill back down on the counter. "What cost-benefit analysis, sir?" "You will be given the specifics when you accept the offer." "You haven't actually made an offer, sir." She ground out. "Perhaps I should clarify, as it seems that unruly hair of yours has impaired your critical thinking skills. You are going to do this analysis for me, Ms. Granger, because you owe me." Her breath caught in her chest. Of course she did. They had let him die. Harry watched his heart stop. Harry had seen the blood and venom trickle from his neck before watching his last breath leave his body. They watched Harry, rubbing tears and soot from his eyes as he held the small vial with Snape's memories after the fight. She had taken it in her hands, amazed that such a man could contain such things. Those beautiful tendrils of light floating in that tiny glass vial. She dived into those memories without hesitation when given the chance. Her heart caved in as she gorged on them. Even she was weak against such tragic romance. She carried those memories when Ron asked her to marry him. When she wanted to leave and didn't. When they fought and she gave in. Severus Snape had given them the key that saved them all. That horrible, broken man had contained an unearthly amount of love. So why shouldn't she? Why shouldn't she try? She wasn't sure now if she wanted to blame him or not for it. One thing she knew for sure was she did owe him. They all did. They owed him more than the wizarding world had given him. A fuss when Harry petitioned to have his portrait placed in the Headmaster's office at Hogwarts. Protests when the three of them requested his name be added to the list of The Fallen on the memorial in the ministry. Her own personal failure; being unable to stop Rita Skeeter from publishing that torrid account of his life. She owed him for that, at the very least. "Alright." She said finally. "I'll do it, sir." "Of course you will."