her body taking over, grounding more intensely into his hips, with her labia constantly brushing over his hardening cock—each new brush sent a new wave of slow-burning desire through her body. "Gods, Astoria, lift your hips," he moaned, breaking off the kiss once more; he was breathing more heavily now. With a devious smile, but breathing just as laboriously, she propped herself up, before slowly lifting her hips. Almost immediately, she felt the tip of his cock just dip between her labia; the touch made her shiver in anticipation. After adjusting her position carefully, she let herself sink on him, her eyes fixed on his. She let out a small content moan when she was fully seated; he just felt good inside, a perfect fit, rubbing all the right spots when she started to slowly grind her hips. "One of those many repeats you want?" He nodded; his eyes were still fixed on hers, while his hands started roamed over her thighs, her stomach, even caressed her breasts, making her moan, lowly. "Many. Just with you," he finally whispered. That made Astoria stop for a moment, and she looked at him in surprise. "Just... with me?" she asked, leaning down. "Why?" He framed her face with caressing hands. "Because you're one hell of a good thing in my day, Astoria," he whispered. "I see a lot of things in my job, I do things for my job I'm not entirely proud of, and I have a past I'd rather forget, but I always look forward to seeing you again when I hand over my expenses, you know? I like you, Astoria—a lot." He started to slowly thrust into her, as if to emphasise his words. "You're one hell of a woman," he added softly, brushing her face with kisses, "maybe even the best thing in my life right now. So yes, I want more of that..." Astoria didn't know what to answer to such an admission from him, except for kissing him deeply with everything she got. "I didn't know you felt like that," she whispered between kisses, slowly moving her hips again. "Hmm..." "Yes, one hell of a good thing," he repeated, letting his hands wander down her back to her arse; he held her tightly in place so that he could instead thrust more deeply into her. Words had become unnecessary by now, feeling connected was all that mattered, and Astoria had never felt more connected than she did in this moment. She kept the slow pace; her leaned-down position was putting just the right amount pressure on her clit, so she was completely lost in the intimate moment between them-so different to the night before, and so much more intense for the bared emotions involved. She soon felt a first heat build up in her lower belly, and only then increased the pace, aching for more. Draco's moans indicated that it wasn't enough for him, that she was still going tantalisingly slow; he wrapped his arms around her, his hands buried in the mass of her hair, and started to meet her movements with deeper thrusts. Astoria gasped into his neck in response to his thrusts, turning into low, purring moans. He was everywhere, overwhelming all of her senses until she was drowning in the overstimulation, until the heat from her lower belly waved through her whole body, pushing her into that sweet abyss of her orgasm. Even Draco only let out a low grunt when he came moments later, holding on tightly to her; his deep, controlled thrusts sent her straight into a second high. .xx. Astoria smiled when she noticed his arms around her after she came down from her second, smaller orgasm. "So, more than one repeat?" she whispered, turning her head to the side, still nicely nestled into his neck; they were still connected, and she could feel his cock soften inside her. He nodded, then pressed a small kiss on her head. "I'd like to take you out on a date—dinner or whatever you like—and we'll see from there." "Yeah, that'd be nice," she replied with a content sigh. Yes, she felt content—this was turning into her best Christmas yet, now knowing that Draco wanted more. For a moment, she felt giddy, like a schoolgirl whose crush had given them a brush on the cheek—only this was just miles better. She could feel how Draco was drawing circles on her back, playing with her hair wherever he came close enough; the touch started to lull her already relaxed mind even further. "Hmm... That's nice. Can't we turn this into a weekend?" She propped her head up on her chin, so that it came to lie on his chest. "It's only Saturday after all..." He stopped his caresses on her back, only to pull her closer; with his still slightly darkened grey eyes, he studied her for a moment, as if he was going through his options in his mind, and then broke into the broadest teasing smile he could manage. "Yes, it's only Saturday after all," he finally replied lazily, and started kissing her again—still tender, but now with a slightly possessive streak. Astoria willingly let him take possession of her mouth, her lips, her tongue, everything—in that moment, she would even have given him her heart had he asked for it. It was probably what some might call a perfect moment . "I'm still going to take you out on a date," he breathed between kisses, burying his hands in her curls. "Then better book that safe house for the weekend because I intend to look irresistible that evening." And with that, she in turn started taking possession of his mouth, his lips, his tongue, everything, not intending to let him go again. END Author's Note: The Prompt: Two characters had rather two much to drink at a holiday party. Cue the next morning when they wake up in bed together... Please leave a review if you liked the story... :-)