the most knowledge about their language and culture. They all could talk it, but Dudley basically absorbed it and used a lot of phrases that do not exist in English or have weird translation. He called his mom 'Kaa-san' instead of mother or mom, he also uses honorifics. " Hmm, interesting. What do you think Harry?" Dumbledore looked at Harry. " You are on! But what happens if I end in Hufflepuff or Slytherin?" " Then you will make a compromise, for example if you bet five hundred yen, each of you will receive 250 from the other," Dudley explained once more, while still drawing. " Makes sense," said James. " I bet that if I do not get into Ravenclaw, I will become your apprentice as you want me too," said Harry. Dumbledore widened his eyes. He gave Harry this option three years ago, but he refused each time he asked, saying he wants to reach heights with his own power. He would only approach him, for chat or if he needed help. " Are you sure? This is important to you, it is your way of doing things," Dumbledore said. " I am sure," Harry replied, full of confidence. " I originally wanted to give it to you on your first Hogwarts Christmas but I will bet it," he said and waved a hand, until a box appeared on the table in front of Harry, he beckoned for him to open it. " I-is t-that?" Harry stuttered slightly. " Your father invisible cloak, but look bellow it," he said and Harry dig his hand inside and took out two thin but long packages. " Your parent's wands alongside the cloak against you becoming my apprentice," Dumbledore said. " That is too much!" Harry said quietly. " It isn't, this just shows how much I value your free will choices," he replied with smile. " Then I have to make it from platform nine and three quarters without being discovered who I really am, until the Sorting," Harry said. " Very well," Dumbledore said and pulled out a scroll from his pocket. " This here is apprentice contract, which you need to sign to be officially my apprentice and nobody will be able to do anything against it. Since you are underage, Petunia will have to sign it as well," he said and unrolled the scroll. " Since the bet will be decided in Hogwarts I will sign it now, and Harry will keep it, until the day it is finished," she said and sign it with a pen. " If I lose, you can do whatever you want with it," Dumbledore said to Harry who nodded, still unable to look away from his parent's wands. Said parents were watching the exchange with smile. "First lets look at the most basic ingredient, and that is water. Yes a water. It is in every potion and without it the potion will not work. Water is easy to work with, but you should be careful when using magic around it and what temperature is there in room, as both can heavily change properties of potion in the end." - Healer's Code; page 8, Potions and its ingredients, fourth paragraph "Well played Harry, well played," he whispered and clapped for him. Ravenclaws were cheering loudest, they got Potter. The dinner was quiet affair for Ravenclaw. While most of them were interested where he lived since the attack on Privet Drive, they understood that he should have some personal space. Harry himself engaged in conversation with few of his year mates. For example Padma Patil was fun to talk to, as she too came from Asia and he was looking forward to talking to her more. Micheal Corner hit him as weird fellow, maybe bit jealous? Anthony Goldstein was a muggleborn so he knew who to talk about Muggles. Terry Boot was and probably will be someone Harry will be able to get on the most. Sue Li was a girl with Chinese origin, something Harry was hoping to talk about as well. He was interested in many different cultures after all. After the feast, Dumbledore warned everyone to stay away from the Third Floor to not die a horrible death. Harry of course knew what was there. His grandfather told him his theory about Voldemort being alive, but this was a trick to prove it correct. Whatever was to come, he would be prepared and he will protect his family. Heya! I am back! And this time I bring a more interesting story and last one! I took some time writing this and preparing the content of the chapter and story, so I hope you will like it. As you have read, the story will have good Dursleys. I might have changed somethings I know nothing about, and if so I apologize! The Healer's Code is my own creation and will be used in whole story. Each chapter will give certain amount of information, that will be used later in story, so I would recommend reading them, but I will not force anyone into it. True be told, they are hard to write, since I do not wish to change most of the potion and ingredients info (if you know a list with the ingredients, please let me know). And since I have introduced Healer's Code, you probably guessed that Harry will aim to be a Healer. Personally I like this profession, but most of the stories I have read covered Harry becoming family man or politician or businessmen. The katana is important, I can tell you that, it is not a simple heirloom or something like that so yeah. I should warn you, that there will be few minor crossovers, mostly in terms of powers and skills, sometime even a person may have cameo. Well, I hope you will read it and you like it! Please review! I need some good and bad critique! I hope you enjoyed the first chap!