said Aurelia. "Pansy, do you want to go to the loo?" "No," I said firmly. I would not let him drive me away. Everything went on as normal except that it was extremely awkward. I kept sipping my lager and the others continued talking and laughing. "Come on, let's go dance again," whined the blonde girl on Draco's other side. "I'm all right here. You go if you want to," replied Draco uninterestedly. "No come on," she kept whining. She leaned in to kiss him and he kissed back, his hands on her, made me sick. I looked away. She got up and reached for his hand, but he didn't take hers. "Draco! Come on! Let's go" Something in me snapped and I turned to her, aggravated: "He said he doesn't want to go, is there something wrong with your mental capacity?" I said with a loud voice. By now everyone around the table was looking. The girl gaped and blushed. Draco turned to me and started laughing. "And who the fuck are you?" she said in a bitchy tone. I felt embarrassed for meddling in their business, I didn't care about him, so I just turned to the other side and ignored her. "Whatever," she muttered. "Draco, are you coming or not?" I expected to hear him drawl something but he was quiet. And then he said, without the previous strength in his voice. "You go on." And she gaped, and finally left. "Just say whatever you came to say because you've obviously got something on your mind," I said to Draco then, sighing slightly. He didn't even look at me, he smirked and looked at Montague across the table. Wanker. For a while we sat like that, every one of us, just drinking and talking and having fun. I managed to relax slightly because I imagined Draco wasn't there. And then he spilled an entire pint over me. Honest. And as everyone else gasped and I froze and cried out, he started laughing as if it was the funniest thing he'd ever seen. There was a pause in which I didn't say anything – I just stared at my friends and then I got up, which broke the silence, because everyone started saying "Pans, come on, don't leave" and "Pansy, are you all right?" "Do you want me to come with you?" Daphne, Tracey and Aurelia came with me to the loo where we wiped me off and talked bad about Draco – I was so sodding angry I couldn't find words. He ruined my dress and embarrassed me over and over. When we got back, it was awkward at the table, except for Draco who was sniggering as he saw me, "Ooh, that's not that bad, though!" he laughed. I sent him a murderous glare and sat down at the other end of the sofa. Tracey sat down in-between me and Draco because I didn't want to sit next to him. "It's all right, you can barely see it, honest" Theodore tried to cheer me up over the table. "He's just too drunk, aren't you, Draco?" Draco laughed again and leaned over Tracey to touch my dress, on my belly, and on my thigh, "wiping" it off slightly. I pushed his hand away, exclaiming: "Draco, get off me. Just leave me alone!" Tracey got up and went to sit next to Daphne instead, not wanting to be in the middle of us two, I supposed. Everything went on around us, I wasn't centre of attention anymore thank Merlin. Draco laughed again and came to sit closer, and he rubbed my thigh and belly trying to dry off my dress. It sent tingles all through me. "Stop that," I said, not as angry anymore. "But you're wet..." he said, smirking slightly. "I'm sorry; obviously I didn't do it on purpose." "You didn't even say sorry until just no. You laughed at me..." I'm ashamed of myself for that small smile that crept up onto my face. "I'm sorry," he said, smiling and giving me "that" look. Fuck. He was so close suddenly. I couldn't help but to wonder what he'd been up to the previous year, how many girls he had fucked. And that hurt like a knife in my stomach. For a while we sat like that, sipping on our beers and talking to the group. Then I felt his hand in my hair, casually playing with a strand. I had to stay strong and deny him. "Draco" I said, raising my eyebrows at him. "What?" "Don't do that," I said sternly. "Do what?" he smirked. He moved his hand down to the back of my neck just below my head and gave a tiny massage with one hand. It felt so nice and his warm body next to me smelled like my favourite after shave in the world – it was so bloody tempting. "That," I repeated. I grabbed his wrist and brought his hand away. We didn't speak for about ten minutes. "He just manages to make me feel sad so easily," I mumbled to Tracey when she asked if I was all right. "Yeah I get it... Its' not all right, the things he do. But I do think he does them to get your attention because he's still in love with you. I do." "Doesn't really matter why he does it," I said, "It doesn't matter if he does it for a 'good' reason, he's still doing mean things to me." Yeah, and thats not all right, I know," Tracey agreed. The lads came back from the bar with shots and we all took them together, cheering and having fun – but my mind was occupied. Draco slung himself down into the sofa next to me again. Sigh. "Do you want to go outside for a moment?" he mumbled. I didn't even look at him. "Not with you." I didn't even look at him. A few of our friends heard that and laughed.