often really, Dudley had anger issues, and he could get violent if no one headed his temper off, that's where Iris came in. As long as she was around her brother to give a soothing word or a calming touch his anger would drop down to a simmer, and while it hurt that her aunt treated her so poorly it wouldn't do for him to get in trouble. A small part of her though was rather pleased that he would rise to her defense, kind of like how the fighter protected the mages really. "I'm doing fine Aunt Marge," Dudley seethed out as pleasantly as he could as he took his place at the table, Iris sliding in next to him trying her best to look as small as possible under Marge's glare. She never could figure out why the woman disliked her so much, they were family weren't they? She'd brought it up to her parents before but they were, err...what was the word...right, they were evasive about it. So what followed was an awkward dinner and half hearted farewells which ended up getting them seconds of dessert and firm hugs from their mum for being so courteous to, as she put it, 'The foul bint'. Iris filed that away for later, if her prim and proper mum felt that way about Marge well...maybe she shouldn't worry too much about what the woman thought. Two days later found the siblings near literally kicked out of the house, they'd been on their Nintendo nearly the entire time and their incredibly frustrated mother demanded they get some fresh air. Dejected but being far too aware they couldn't really argue with her the pair went strolling through the back garden and into the woods surrounding their neighborhood. Eventually Dudley picked up a stick and begin twirling it about himself, Iris grinned and grabbed her own stick and thus began an impromptu sword fight. She was quick and agile, stabbing forward with darting jabs while Dudley was all powerful heavy swings whose strikes made her stick vibrate in her hands. As always she was at a disadvantage, and while he didn't intend to his constant taunts were getting on her nerves, it wasn't her fault she was a girl and so tiny! Stupid boys with their stupid bigger bodies, gasping as her stick snapped in half while Dudley laughingly taunted her she extended a finger towards him and yelled out the first thing that came to mind. "FIRE!" To her unending shock a small ball of fire shot from her hand and slammed into her brother, he fell to the ground screaming and she rushed forward batting at the flames engulfing his chest. He was panicking but managed to roll around enough to put the fire out, gasping his blue eyes were displaying shocked pain as his fingers brushed the burnt flesh in the center of his chest. Crying hysterically Iris was running her hands down her face shrieking near incoherently, "I'msorryI'msorryI'msorryI'msorry-" she didn't know what to do, how had she done that, why had that worked? She'd seen kids play pretend all the time at school and they never conjured fire out of thin air much less hurt their siblings with it! Wait...could...could she do more? Spreading her fingers over the burn she yelled "CURE!" but nothing happened. Why didn't it work? How had the fire spell worked? She was really angry at Dudley for being stronger then her and well...maybe that was it? Focusing not her anger, but her determination the little redhead pushed all her will into her fingertips as she repeated herself "CURE!" This time, this time something happened, there was a dull blue glow and Dudley's sobs began to slow down and eventually stopped altogether. Eventually He sat up and touched his unblemished skin, no signs of the painful burns present, turning to his still blubbering sister he pulled her into a firm hug that she quickly returned, after a time she eventually shuddered out two words. "I'm sorry." Sighing Dudley decided the best way to resolve this situation was to focus on the positives, not, for instance, how they were going to explain his burnt shirt and jacket to their mum. Getting her to focus on his face he shot her a wide grin that she returned with a shaky smile, she was still crying though but he figured that was a girl thing and wisely kept that thought to himself. "Iris don't you realize what this means? What you are?" She sobbed again and buried her head in his shoulder, "I'm a freak!" Sighing he pushed her upright again and shook his head, "No Iris, you're a mage! You're a red mage!" At that she paused, yes she'd accidentally burnt her brother but she'd also healed him, she...she was magic! She was a mage! Her terrified tears forgotten she returned his grin, "Blimey...I am!" Dudley stood and then helped his sister to her feet and was soon rubbing his hands together greedily, "What else do you think you can do?" She 'hmmd' at that a bit before nodding, "Lets try casting ice next, then lightening," he nodded in turn taking her hand as they walked deeper into the woods, neither of them having any idea how this days events would change the entire world. What did you think? If I get enough response to this one I actually want to make it the yang to Lady of Slytherin's ying, how a badly damaged or a highly nurturing environment could shape a young girl. So please, review, and to those who are impatiently waiting yes yes Lady's next chapter is halfway finished, as I've said a thousand times before writing Dumbledore is a pain in the ass. With that, Nemesis out! Edit-Right Right, obviously Iris is the Red Mage, and Dudley is the fighter, I'm leaning toward Hermione becoming the White Mage, but who do you all want to see as the Black Mage? Open to suggestions