a partner. "I overheard it being discussed," Hermione replied, reaching for Remus' hand and holding it tight. "I just want to make sure you're alright." "And you're okay with what I am?" Remus found himself asking. "Of course I… Remus, did you think I was going to be disgusted or suddenly hate you?" "I'm not sure. It's why I never said anything before," Remus admitted softly. Hermione shifted closer to him. "Remus, I've spent almost a month getting to know you and I don't see how lycanthropy could change my opinion of you in the slightest. It just means once a month we can't be together." "To...together?" Remus wasn't sure what he had missed in the conversation, but the word made him feel hopeful. Hermione smiled widely. "I realised that if I didn't bring it up, you never would have. When we looked at each other, there was this… this thing. A pull. A need to go over to you, to see who you were. I didn't understand until I had researched. I'm your mate, aren't I?" "You knew and you're still spending time with me?" Hermione nodded. "Of course, Remus." "I don't know if I can make you happy," Remus insisted. "Remus, we're not even in a relationship yet and I'm happier than I've ever been before. You're already making me happy." "I can't hold down a job. I can't take you to fancy restaurants or buy you things like James buys Lily. You deserve better." Hermione's smile faded and she moved closer to Remus. "The universe chose me as your mate. It decided that I'm the right person for you and I believe it chose right. I don't want big gestures, expensive restaurants, or overpriced jewels. That's not me." "Are you sure?" Remus asked softly. "I'd be happier at home with a home-cooked meal and some candles," Hermione insisted. "Walks in the park together and trips to museums - some are free to enter. All that matters to me are the small things like how you treat me and if you remember our anniversary." Remus grinned. "We have one?" "We will do," Hermione insisted, returning his grin. "I'm your mate, so let's give this a shot. Let's just focus on the small things and everything will fall into place." "The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count," Remus murmured. "Exactly," Hermione insisted. "Let's make sure that we don't ever make that mistake." She shifted towards him and Remus' eyes dropped to her lips. She was watching him hopefully, expectantly and he moved closer. Her eyes closed and Remus' fingers came up to her cheek, caressing her skin. This was his mate. She had secrets—she wouldn't tell them anything about her past that would give away her identity—but he didn't care about any of that. For once, he was at peace with the wolf inside him as he closed the distance between them. His lips were inches from hers and he could feel her warm breath on his skin and he struggled to breath properly. He was certain that Hermione could hear his heart pounding against his chest. Her hand moved from his, finding it's way to his shoulder and it was Hermione who closed the distance between their lips for the first time. Remus struggled to catch his breath after the chaste kiss they shared and when he met Hermione's slightly glazed eyes, he knew he wasn't the only one who needed to do that again. The second and third time and all the times after that, Remus was too lost to know who initiated each kiss. He just knew he never wanted to stop. "Do you think if we stand here long enough, we'll get to watch free porn?" And thanks to Sirius' arrival, it was time to stop. ~.~ I want to live like this forever ~.~ Hermione was curled up in Remus' arms when she saw the flash of light. She turned, her gaze falling on Lily who was grinning widely. The photo was taken out of the camera and passed over to Hermione before she could complain. "I couldn't help myself," Lily admitted, gesturing to the photos surrounding her on the blanket. "I want to hold on to these memories. What if—" "None of that," James insisted. "It's Hermione's birthday and we're not going to do the 'what if' thing." Hermione smiled as she glanced at the picture. Her and Remus hadn't been together that long, but it was perfect. They looked so happy in the picture together. They just fit. She wondered if Harry had known the truth about what she was to Remus. He had told her to 'be happy with him' so he must have had an idea. She wondered if that was the reason Harry chose her over everyone else for the mission. After all, Harry always put everyone else's happiness above his own. "I'm keeping this," Hermione said, setting the picture next to her and causing Lily to pout before grabbing the camera and snapping another photo. "Hey, maybe I want to keep it," Remus insisted, pretending to grab for the photo. Hermione pulled it out of the way. "Well, when we share a room, we'll both get to have the picture," she replied, boldly. "Moony is going to get laid," Sirius said proudly. Lily turned the camera on Sirius and snapped a picture, setting it down next to her and Hermione looked around at her friends. No, she thought. They were more like family to her. She couldn't lie to them any longer. "Guys," she began nervously. "I think it's about time I tell you where I'm really from." She reached for the small bag beside her. There were a handful of pictures inside. Some were Harry's pictures and there was the old picture of the Order. She had her own pictures to share. Thanks to Bex, Lizzy, Sam and anyone else who helped/betaed. :) Word count: 2999