witches and wizards kind of freaked him out with their dressing habits, and not wanting a repeat of Diagon he quickly pulled his bangs down to cover his scar and calmly marched towards the train's egress. Unfortunately his focus on the train meant he ignored his surroundings, which had him cursing himself as he collided with a pale skinned girl with wavy black hair. Shaking her head her glacial blue eyes met his gaze as she smiled lightly with a slight tilt of her head and he quickly apologized for running into her. The girls acceptance, and then followup tutoring upon taking a cabin together hadn't been expected, in the slightest. Her running interference on the obvious fanboy, and aggresive support on the attempted sycophant had been deeply appreciated, as well as her silent approval on how he handled the toad incident. His annoyance with his trunk and simply knocking the blasted thing off its rack had amused her, and frankly he was ok with that. Her laugh was nice, it wasn't like back at Privet Drive where all the laughter was at the expense of his pain. She laughed because his actions amused her, not his pain...it almost didn't compute. After her lambasting him about his appearance, and good god was he never going to not bother using a comb again, they were herded out to the dark where Hagrid was crying for them to take a boat, oddly enough he and Natalia had ended up in the same boat as Hermione and Neville. As the tiny boats made their way across the lake Hogwarts came into view, the massive castle sitting upon the cliff shining like a beacon in the dark of night. All present were struck silent as they approached their home for the next seven years. Soon Natalia's mesmerized voice broke their reverie "Это красивее, чем я ожидал... err sorry, it is more beautiful than I expected..." Harry could only nod in agreement as Hermione turned to Neville worrying her fingers through her hair while whispering quietly to him. "Did you know it was so beautiful?" His response was just as quiet, yet incredibly swift, "No...but...but I'm glad it lived up to my dreams..." What followed was kind of a let down, they had some ghosts try and scare them, which for Harry meant nothing, were given a speech about the school's houses, and were soon marched into the Great Hall to be sorted...by a hat. Honestly Harry had sort of fancied that ginger kid's idea about fighting a troll, having a hat decide where they'd spend the next seven years? Well...fine whatever it was what it was even if it was anti-climatic. If Natalia wasn't fazed by any of this he wouldn't be either. As the names were called out Harry zoned out a bit, only paying attention when Hermione was placed in Ravenclaw, and Neville in Gryffindor and he honestly hoped the two of them the best, their houses fit them in his opinion. Then his only friend ever was called front and center. "Mikhailov, Natalia!" Said girl stood straight and approached the sorting stool with the poise of a proper Pure-Blood, she sat daintily and crossed her legs as the Hat was placed on her head. It took a few moments, but eventually the Hat bellowed out, "Slytherin!" and the small ravenette stood and allowed the Deputy Headmistress to take the Hat off her head as she made her way to her new house's table. "Potter, Harry!" Gulping he stood and met Hermione and Neville's gazes, both of them smiling at him kindly. Taking his seat on the stool while the entire hall muttered to each other he met Natalia's gaze as she nodded to him once, then the hat was placed on his head. " My my Mister Potter, you are a deep one aren't you?" Oh hell, he was hearing voices in his head, had he finally gone insane?! There was laughter in his mind for a moment before the voice continued, "No more crazy than others I expect. This is how I place students, many demand to go where they wish, but the best and brightest let me do my job and place them where they need to be..." Harry thought on that a moment before sighing slowly, he would accept where the hat placed him then, he was an eleven year old wizard, what the hell did he know over an ancient artefact? His interactions with Natalia had already proven his ineptitude in the magical world so why not let this play its course? " Ha! Just like your mother, she was brilliant you know, one of my favorites. I was so saddened to hear that Tom murdered her, alas it is what it is, that being said if you're content to let me make my own choices than you belong no where else but-" "Slytherin!" Harry grinned as the hat was plucked from his head and he quickly approached a clapping Natalia, sitting beside her he absorbed her happy congratulations and kindness, ignoring the rest of the hall in the process. That may not have been a good thing, since 3/4's of the schools students were not clapping for him as the previous students had been, and he was being glared at by more than one professor. The exceptions were of course, Natalia, as well as Neville and Hermione, but Harry wouldn't be made aware of that for a bit. Right now, as the sorting finished, he had a feast before him that he hadn't had to prepare for the Dursleys, was allowed to eat his fill, and had a friend whispering in his ear on how to properly present himself. Harry Potter could honestly say, he had never been happier in his entire life. If only it would last. цветок- Flower Лучший студент, которого я когда-либо имел- The Best Student I ever had Это красивее, чем я ожидал.- Literally "It's Prettier than I expected" Thoughts? Please review!