and Malfoy's generous donation (Harry had only joined the team last year so he hadn't gotten the Nimbus 2001 second year) Slytherin wouldn't have a chance. He placed his beloved gently in its case before finally locking up his trunk, the bloodlocks activating immediately upon closing. Glancing around the room one more time, Harry turned to Romulus who was vainly attempting to shake of his brown collar that also bore the Peverell crest, marking the grim as Heir Peverell's familiar. He felt for the beast, he wouldn't want to wear a collar either, but Amos Diggory, the Director of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, had insisted upon it. In addition, the collar had flea and worm repelling charms. "Romulus", he called the canine to attention, "what would you say if we left a day early and headed to the Leakey Cauldron before the World Cup begins?" The grim gave another happy bark, which Harry instantly hushed, but Harry didn't begrudge the noise – he always wanted to whoop with joy when leaving the filthy muggles. AN : Hello, Readers, I hope you enjoyed. I've rewritten, updated, and reposted this story before (with collaboration of the writer Septima Holen – check my profile for more detail). I'm a bit apprehensive, but I want to do this right and hope I have your support in doing so. In regards to some of the changes, the reemergence of House Peverell is a major one. This will come to play in Harry's place in the Dark faction and I hope I explained this enough throughout this chapter (mostly through Harry's POV). I will try to continue to explain this in more detail as the plot progresses. In the original post, Sirius had died with Harry's parents, but I've decided to allow him to feign being Harry's familiar for now – he will become a major part of the plot later on – Harry named him Romulus, which will come in later when Remus renters the plot. It should be noted that Remus never knew Harry had adopted a grim familiar as Sirius had been found by Harry later in the year and had been hidden in the Slytherin dormitory until Harry could A) Heal the grim & B) Get the grim registered and approved as according to the Hogwart's acceptance letters only owls, cats, and toads are usually allowed. The next change would be Daphne's status as a half-breed, which had actually been planned for the original work but would have only been discovered later on. In the rewrite I decided to introduce the concept immediately. The specific breed of her mother will be revealed later on. Daphne's heritage will later play a major role in the plot. (1) Homo magicus is simply the species of magical humans – muggles and wizards/witches are of the same species, but magicals will claim they aren't – this term is of my own creation and is simply a play on Homo sapiens. Its usage is purely for magicals to distance themselves from muggles by claiming to be of a divergent, superior species. (2) Harry 's wand (11' Oak, Cetus Scale; Gregorovitch Creation), has very detailed importance. First of all, Neville's wand (11' Holly, Phoenix feather; Ollivander creation) is the complete opposite to Harry's, the second child of prophecy. Gregorovitch (Dark wandmaker) vs. Ollivander (Light wandmaker), Cetus Scale (water) vs. Phoenix Feather (fire), Oak vs. Holly (opposite Kings of the year according to Celtic calendars) (3) Mabon, Samhain, Yule, Imbolc, Ostara, Beltane, Litha, and Lughnasadh, are all holidays of the Celtic Year, usually falling on Solstices and Equinoxes. These holidays will be celebrated within pureblood circles and will be combined with the magical world's major religion, Hellenism (think Druidism and Greek Mythology) (4) Harry's appearance will be detailed later on, specifically in chapter II – I had a lot to cover in the first chapter and felt that a detailed description of Harry's appearance wouldn't quite fit in this chapter. (5) According to the World Bank and the United Nations, the global population as of 1994 was 5.625 billion (as of 2016, it is 7.442 billion) - I rounded up to 6 for convenience within the story. Furthermore, the 1 billion magical are an edition of my own creation as I doubt that magicals were included in any muggle censuses after all. (6) "Merry Meet, Merry Part, So Mote It Be, Blessings to Thee, Blessed Be, Brightest Blessings, etc." are pagan greetings that will be utilized throughout this work in order to define pureblood/magical culture from that of the muggle. Within my story paganism is prominent within the magical world in contrast to Christianity in the muggle world. I think it reasonable to assume that the witch burnings would have disenchanted most magicals with the church. The phrase "Going to circle" will be used similarly to "going to church". These phrases are apparently used within pagan/wiccan social circles today. I've seen the phrases "Merry Meet" and "Merry Part" utilized by the author ' BaconandEggs ' in their series "Harry Potter in the Claw of the Raven" on Archive of Our Own (Highly recommended fanfiction for those who enjoy pureblood culture & politics). I have also seen the phrase "So Mote It Be" in numerous other fanfictions. (7) The information regarding Iolanthe Peverell was gathered from Harry Potter Wikia, she was apparently a very real individual within the Harry Potter universe. Many of Harry's other ancestors will be created and utilized for my own purposes, such as Timotheus Peverell III and Yolanda Potter. (8) Harry named his 'familiar' Romulus - reference to the myth of the wolf raised brothers, Romulus & Remus. In the original plot Sirius was killed off before Harry was born, but within the rewrite he is obviously very much alive, was in Azkaban, escaped, etc.. more will be explained later on when Sirius reveals himself to Harry. Reviews, corrections, and suggestions are welcomed! Hope you enjoyed (and please, constructive criticism)!