holding on to the burning cube. It was now so hot Draco was sure it was burning though his hand, he screamed in agony. Was he dying? Was this why Dumbledore gave him the cube, as some sort of revenge for killing him? The last thing he thought about was Hermione, in her wedding dress, smiling happily at the crowd at her wedding, her reading at the table in Hogwarts, her face the first time he called her Mudblood. He saw her one more time behind closed eyes. Then he saw nothing as the world went black and he fell to the ground. xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx -xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-x "Raise your arm a bit higher my dear." Draco blinked. Where was he? He felt funny, his head felt like he'd fallen off of a broom and his hand hurt. His hand really hurt, like something had burned it. He glanced down at the small white hand. No burn, then why did it hurt so? "Did you hear me love? I said raise your arm a bit higher." He looked down to see a small witch dressed entirely in mauve. He noticed the sign on the wall: Madam Malkin's Robes for all Occasions. Then he remembered. He was getting all his things for Hogwarts. His letter came two days ago; he was now eleven years old, although strangely, he didn't feel eleven. Madam Malkin was starting to look irritated so Draco wordlessly lifted his arm higher. She chided him and began pinning the fabric up. He should apologize; he was the one ignoring her after all. As soon as the thought popped into his head, he wondered where it had come from. It sounded so reasonable and so unlike him. He was a Malfoy; he apologized for nothing and to no one. Madam Malkin stood up after adding the last pin. "You can move now love, I'll just be a minute." As she walked off, the door sounded with a bell and she started to turn to the new customer, ready with a smile, but stopped abruptly, "Love, are you crying?" He glared. "Of course not! Just get on with it and stop calling me 'love'," it made him uncomfortable. She sighed, and walked off to deal with the new customer. When she had gone, Draco's hand flew to his cheek. Merlin, he was crying! His eyes were wet and there was a tear from his left eye dribbling down his cheek - but why? He rubbed it away hurriedly, horrified at his actions. Why had he suddenly started crying? He never cried. And it wasn't just that. He clutched at his chest, why did he feel so sad? He felt like he had lost something important. He was so far in his thoughts that he almost didn't notice the boy with messy black hair take a place on the stool next to him. He looked raggedy and poor, but he was clearly a Hogwarts student. So as a gesture of goodwill, he smiled as Madam Malkin began sticking the boy with pins. "Hullo, Hogwarts too?" "Yes," the boy said. He looked a bit uncomfortable. Draco ignored it, another person's comfort wasn't that important to him, but he did want to make the effort to make friends this year, for all he knew this boy could end up being his roommate. The thought made him feel giddy as he was reminded of his upcoming year at Hogwarts. Though he would never show it, he was tremendously excited. "My father's next door buying my books and my mother…" he trailed off suddenly. Why did he feel as if he had already said all of this before? He hid his confusion with a look of boredom and changed the subject to racing brooms. The boy didn't look too interested, but Draco patiently tried to keep up the conversation. In the span of five minutes he learned that the quiet boy did not know much about Quidditch, was friends with the savage from Hogwarts and that his parents were dead. So far he wasn't making a good first impression. So Draco brought up a topic that was always popular with his pureblood friends. Muggleborns. Muggleborns? Since when did he call them Muggleborns? They were Mudb— But then Draco found he couldn't bring himself to say the word, not even in his mind. His mouth felt like it was burning and his head felt funny. "But they were our kind, weren't they?" he managed to ask. He expected the boy to go off on a rant about his Pureblood heritage; instead he said swiftly, "They were a witch and a wizard, if that's what you mean." Strange, maybe he was one of those half-bloods he had heard about? "I don't think—"and then he stopped. Because Draco had been intending to tell the boy all about the Malfoy philosophy about M-Mudbloods (he forced the word out) not being allowed into Hogwarts, yet found he couldn't. It was like something in the back of his mind was making him stop. Perhaps he was under the Imperious curse? What had that crazy witch done to him? First crying, now this? What was the Imperious curse? Why had he thought that? But he was a Malfoy; he would not falter in a time of confusion, so he quickly changed the subject with an ease and grace belonging only to a Malfoy. "What's your surname?" But before the boy could answer, he was finished off and sent on his way by Madam Malkin. Draco was annoyed, first she Imperioused him, and then she interrupted him - his father would be having words with her. "Well, I'll see you in Hogwarts, I suppose," he said in his best drawling tone. The boy smiled and Draco felt rather successful. Please review and I'll put up the next chapter really soon. I'm still deciding on whether to continue this story. Next chapter, young Draco meets young Hermione and Harry, but things go a bit differently this time.