James started before I could cut him off. "Well I guess you don't know me that well." I snapped, angrily glaring at him while he put up his hands in mock resignation. Breathing slightly heavily, I focused again on the green patch in front of me. "I think that should change, don't you?" James asked after a few seconds of silence. I rolled my eyes as stretched my legs in front of me. "Well, everything you would want to know about me is in the tabloids or magazine spreads or something. They're small pieces, I'm not exactly the most popular princess." I ended bitterly, wondering why on Earth I cared about being the exciting princess or not. Especially in front of James. "Don't get into enough trouble?" He asked, in a teasing way. Slightly bumping into me when he said it, and I felt my lips curl into a smile. "Something like that." I muttered. "Still, I'd like to know something about you that doesn't involve your fashion sense or your bursts of anger with toys." He said, chuckling a bit as I groaned. "Oh God, I'm still mortified that you heard that." My face was heating up which was never good. I already have red hair, no need to add a blotchy face to that mix. "Don't be, we all have our moments like that." He said in an irritatingly knowing way. As if he held the world's secrets. Psh. "Oh yeah? What about you? Ever done something like that only to be walked in on?" I asked, twirling a strand of my hair. James stretched out his legs. "Well, Sirius did once walk in on me when I was punching a locker after a particular rough match. And instead of being the caring friend that would walk out or try to calm me down, he just laughed at my face. Which only pissed me off more so then I really started to hit the lockers and I managed to break my hand. So then, Sirius is laughing, I'm in pain, he has to help me to get to the hospital wing and the bloke cannot stop laughing. He's in hysterics and nearly crying, and it only got worse when I had to tell the story to the nurse…" "That would be embarrassing," I said, laughing a bit as James had a slight pink crawl across his cheeks. It was rather nice to see him blush. Not as nice as his dimples… but then again, what person could resist dimples? "Anyways, now we know each other's embarrassing moments. I say that counts for knowing each other a little bit?" James said, grinning at me as I bit my lip. "The thing is, is that I actually know two of your most embarrassing moments." I said with a sort of arrogance that I only reserved for special moments. Well, only for when I was proving Petunia wrong which was nearly a weekly occurrence. "Oh yeah? And what would that be?" James bantered. "Well, you were not exactly the smoothest person I've ever met mister 'deer in the headlights look.'" I bantered back, James looked shocked for a moment before laughing. "My, my, seems like you do have a collection worthy of blackmail which is why I will be making you this deal." He said, standing up and brushing the leaves off his pants, "You promise not to leak to the tabloids about my stories-" "Who would pay to read those?" "Sirius is my number one fan, he would absolutely buy every magazine with my gorgeous face on them." James said, throwing her a wink and grinning to himself. I tried hard not to pull him back down so that I could see his dimples properly. "Anyways, you don't share my secrets and I won't leak to them about your little anger burst." I snorted. As far as tabloid stories go, the Princess going mad is hardly a good selling point. Unless I shaved my head or went streaking. Unfortunately for those soul sucking magazines, I look horrible bald and even the idea of streaking makes me shiver with the cold air. "Honestly, that story won't sell, it would need to be more scandalous." "Oh, Princess Lily caught having some stolen romantic moments with a special someone?" He said quickly and my jaw dropped as I let out this splutter of laughter. It is very unusual for people to talk crudely to me. As if I am this image of purity and have no sexual desires whatsoever (that is extremely false). So, most people treat me as this sweet innocent thing that needs to be protected. To be honest, it was refreshing for someone to completely disregard that image. "Don't look too surprised Lily, I did say I was a trouble maker after all," James said over his shoulder as he started to saunter away. And I could only grin to myself. James Potter, whoever he is, clearly didn't grow up with the whole royal frenzy. I mean, people lined up outside for my birth. My mother collected mugs with my crying face on them. There are postcards and flags and even dolls that look like me (those are the creepiest). There is a certain tone of respect and convention that nearly every person abides by when it comes to royalty. Except for James Potter. It seems like he was immune to all of it. Probably lived under a rock or something. Regardless, people are always shocked when I'm treated as a fellow civilian. Kingsley always has the best reactions whenever he discovers that I found out about what the security team did last Saturday night and what not. And while James Potter may be arrogant enough to think he was above all of this… well, he somehow forgot about how walkie-talkie's, especially the ones that the security team uses, tends to go both ways. I guess I was hardly the goody two shoes if I neglected to tell him that.