Professor Slughorn, who sat at his desk immersed in a box of frosted pineapple, and Severus Snape who had his large nose stuck in a thick, stained book. She ignored the glare her fellow student sent her as she stared at him. Not in the mood for his Slytherin personality, that is to say sulky and angry, she looked away trying to mentally prepare herself for the class. Grabbing her leather book bag, she pulled out her cauldron and textbook. Finally, after what felt like a decade, students began arriving. As she watched them take their seats, pulling out their own supplies, she spotted a smirking Marlene. Roxy furrowed brow as her roommate took a seat at the table behind her, and to her shock, quickly joined by Sirius Black, a matching smirk playing on his face. Turning away from the pair, who seemed to only have eyes for her, she wondered if Marlene possibly had a hand in the prank the Marauders were certain to pull on her. She had caused her to run out of the Great hall during breakfast, just as she had done to the Marauders after she'd accidentally hexed James and embarrassed him in front of the love of his life and the entire castle. "I'm dead." She mumbled. Sighing gratefully as Lily walked into the room. Roxy waved the redhead over, knowing no one would pull anything with the Head girl near. To her dismay, James shot out of his seat, wrapping his fingers around Lily's elbow he tugged her down into the chair next to him. She was about to protest, clearly not pleased at being man handled, when Slughorn stood and called the class to order. "Everyone sit down!" He called, his wand waving dangerously in the air. Roxy felt her breath quicken, there's no way this was her punishment. Sitting alone in potions was juvenile, preschool stuff. Hardly something she would classify as embarrassing. Her eyes travelled across the room causing her to realize something rather worrying. Peter Pettigrew had chosen a seat next to a clearly displeased Slytherin boy, while Remus Lupin sat uncomfortably next to a broad Slytherin girl. She looked down to the seat next to her own, which had conveniently been left empty. Someone was missing from class, she realized, they never had an empty seat. Suddenly, realization dawned upon her as a take, blonde and clearly arrogant Lucius Malfoy walked in. He looked disheveled and incredibly pissed off. Jaw dropping, Roxy could hear the muffled giggles from the table behind her. She suddenly had the urge to turn around and stab both Marlene and Sirius. Without so much as an apology for his tardiness, Malfoy took the last available seat next to a pale Roxy King. Lily turned around, looking apologetic before turning around and concentrating on the lesson. "King." Malfoy greeted. "Princess." She retorted, shock over came the blonde before he glared at her. "Today we will be brewing a potion that, should you drink it, makes you confused and befuddled. You will find the ingredients on page 154. The students who successfully brew this potion by the end of the period will not have to complete the two and a half foot essay on the effects and dangers if prepared wrong. You may begin!" Roxy jumped up quickly, as the rest of the students took their time to skim through their books and set up their cauldrons. Retrieving her ingredients, she retook the seat next to the detestable Slytherin. Ignoring his glares, and the nerve wrecking grins from the pair behind her, she zoned out, forgetting about Malfoy, Sirius, Marlene and the possible embarrassing prank to be unleashed upon her, she concentrated on the assignment. Determined to perfect the potion, not in the mood to have to complete yet another essay. With Roxy's full attention on her work, her focus was suddenly disturbed as Malfoy jumped up with a girly shriek. His potion toppled over, he jumped out of the way in the knack of time, leaving Roxy wide open. She jumped back in surprise as thick gunk splattered across her lap, soaking through her skirt. She couldn't stop herself from crying out, tears automatically spilling from her eyes as the sensation of hot coals spread across her thighs. "Roxy!" Lily hurried over, wand out, she cleared the mess off the table and her friends lap. But the liquid had already made contact with her skin, and the effect of the badly made potion took affect. Skin itchy, she watched at it started bubbling as if someone had lit a fire on her lap. Pain overcame her as she rubbed at her legs, her skin burning as red as Lily's hair. "Miss Evans, take Miss King to the Hospital wing immediately. Everyone else return to your work." Roxy, shaky and disoriented, allowed Lily to steer her out of the classroom. Through her tears she spotted two faces sitting at the table behind her own, laughing. All she could think was how cruel Sirius and Marlene had to be, laughing at her while she endured such extreme pain. Was it an accident? Or had the Marauders orchestrated such a disaster. "It was them! Sirius and Marlene." She accused. "Roxy, you're delirious. Its one of the side effects from a badly made Befuddlement draught - " Lily assured her friend, half carrying and half dragging her towards the hospital wing. Roxy found herself sweating through her uniform, the pain become unbearable. "No!" She argued. "They did it! I know they did!" Lily sighed, her arm tightening around her friends waist, she tried her best to calm the sobbing girl. "We're almost there. Pomphrey will take away the pain." Roxy nodded. Her head felt swollen, as her heart pounded rapidly in her chest. Every inch of her body hurt, every step she took was agonizing. She truly hope that Lily was right, that her fellow Gryffindors couldn't be so cruel. But she found herself filled with doubt.