opportunity to be immersed in all manners of magic with Harry, they were growing up being able to interact and speak to elves, goblins, centaurs, merpeople, all manners of magical beings, and they were being introduced to the different types of magic from an early age as well. Amelia Bones' ward, her niece Susan, also spent most of her time at Potter Manor from when she was a toddler. Like Frank and Alice, Amelia was much happier knowing that Susan was safe, had companionship and was learning so much about their world that she couldn't elsewhere. The three children were being trained in the lore and practices of all the magical beings, and this enabled them to control their magic to the point where they started their formal magical and non-magical training at five. Alice had gone back to work as an Auror by then, as Sirius, Remus Lupin, Severus and the elves, goblins and all the rest were there to look after the kids. The Head Goblin had initiated a search for Remus as soon as Angela was officially made Harry's guardian, because Remus was another one of Harry's nominated guardians and they wanted him back with the family where he belonged. After they located him and brought him back, it was safer and more sensible for the three men to stay at Potter Manor with the kids while the others dealt with the world outside because Remus's status as a werewolf was little better than Sirius's as a fugitive, or Severus's as a known Death Eater. Harry's other nominated guardians were also made a part of his life, being brought in to interact with him, Neville and Susan regularly. When Alice went back to work, after a period of being teamed up with the legendary Auror Alistor Moody to get back up to speed, she was teamed up with Frank again while Angela was teamed up with the up and coming Kingsley Shacklebolt, who was the only one up to her standard who didn't keep making advances at her. Along with Alistor, these four were acknowledged as the best Aurors that Amelia had, something which created considerable resentment in other Aurors who didn't believe that they were getting the recognition that they deserved, no matter how little basis there was to this belief. Soon after the kids started school, Sirius's great uncle died, so he inherited and was accepted to the titles of Duke Black and Head of the House of Black. This was something that shocked and angered many in the Black family, because they had believed that as a fugitive, he would not be able to claim his inheritance and therefore someone else in the family would have been able to claim it. Sirius was sorely tempted to banish his mother from the Black family, and Black House (the Black Family's London Townhouse) as well, but he decided to let her be and go out as a Black as she was on her last legs. There were two members of the Black family who were glad that Sirius had become the Head of the House of Black, Bellatrix's sisters. Andromeda had been banished from the family after she refused to accept the marriage that had been arranged for her and ran off to marry a Muggleborn, Ted Tonks. Sirius had always loved his cousin Andi, and she was the only one who had rivalled him as the family outcast, so his first act as the Head of the House of Black was to formally accept her, and her daughter Nymphadora, back into the family. Her sister Narcissa, who was married to Lucius Malfoy, heard of the family outrage over Andromeda and her half-blood daughter being accepted back into the family and drew hope from that. She immediately contacted her sister and asked her if she could put her in contact with Sirius, and when she managed to talk to Sirius she begged him to cancel her marriage to Lucius so that she and her son could get away from him. At that, Sirius banished Narcissa from the Black family for bringing the family name into disrepute by dealing with Death Eaters, then ordered the dissolution of her marriage to Lucius Malfoy and the return of her dowry. As Malfoy had mainly married her in hope of getting access to the Black family's titles and fortune, he started preparing to cast her out at that, but she disappeared with their son Draco and the house elf Dobby who she'd brought with her before he could do anything. They reappeared in the Black family records as Narcissa and Draco Black the next day, and they moved into Potter Manor. When Draco joined the other kids in their lessons, he was behind at first, but he worked hard to catch up and he did so with their help. Unfortunately, it took him a little longer longer to lose the attitudes that he'd acquired from his father. Narcissa soon got bored sitting around the Manor, so she made a proposal to Sirius, this being that if he named her as the Steward of the House of Black, she could represent his interests in the Wizengamot and other dealings with the outside world. That made sense, so she was formally accepted as the Black Steward, and she joined Angela, as the Potter Regent, Augusta, as the Longbottom Steward and Amelia, as the Bones Regent in turning the tide in the Wizengamot. The old wizards who had ruled the Wizengamot for centuries were not at all pleased to have a group of witches with minds of their own and a strong voting block coming into the Wizengamot and going against the way things had always been. The Chief Warlock was one of their strongest opponents, because it had taken him a few years to recover from the damage that Angela did to his reputation after what she said at James and Lily's funeral had been splashed across the front page for days.