the dungeons. As it was, he gaped, pulling away from the table quickly. 'You can understand me? I can understand you?' ' Oh, for Slytherin's sake. Obviously. Are you stupid?' Harry's face went red and he jabbed a finger at the snake. 'Hey! I'm an auror. They're giving me North-East England to look after!' ' Whoop-di-fucking do, you're still having a conversation with me whilst in denial of being able to understand me.' He supposed it had a point there and put his finger down, running his hand through his hair. 'Uh, I suppose. Sorry, I thought I lost the ability years ago.' ' How do you forget a language? I'm starting to suspect brain damage.' 'Technically, I died. It's a bit complicated.' It made a disbelieving noise and pushed its nose against the lid. ' Hm. Well, if you must speak to me, give me a rat, won't you?' 'Harry…?' Neville asked softly, staring at the two of them. 'What are you doing?' Harry yelped and jumped backwards. He'd turned off his auror senses since he wasn't at work and hadn't noticed Neville coming back. 'Um, hello again, Neville! Was the student okay?' Neville shook his head, taking a seat again. 'Okay, just drank too much. Are you okay? You were, er, hissing.' 'I think I can speak Parseltongue again,' Harry admitted in slight disbelief. 'I was talking to the snake.' 'Oh,' he replied, biting his lip. 'Did it have anything interesting to say?' 'It called me an idiot and accused me of being brain damaged,' Harry said, pulling his wand out of his pocket and transfiguring some of the pastry still left on his plate. 'And, er, asked me for some rats. May I?' 'Oh, yes. Sorry that it's a bit of a bully,' Neville said, watching his classmate drop the wriggling pups into the tank and hiss a threat at the animal. 'So, um, you can understand everything?' 'Apparently,' Harry said bemusedly. 'Maybe I could hiss at Dark Wizards to scare them into thinking I'm Tom and surrendering. Or mop up the last of his supporters by doing that. Actually-' Neville shuddered, accidentally punching him in the face as he covered his mouth with his hand. 'Don't go there Harry! Look, do you think you could come and see McGonagall about something with me?' Harry blinked, casting his eyes towards where Hermione was deep in discussion with some of the older years and another politician in the corner. 'Mmmph?' Neville withdrew his hand and Harry nodded, casting a curious look at him as they started walking through the castle, Neville's presence ensuring only minor complaints from the staircases. 'What's happening?' 'I'll tell you in a minute, the portraits talk,' Neville said, nodding at a group of men playing cards as they passed. Harry's scar began to tingle. Not the sharp, white of pain of 'Voldemort is back', but the prickle of 'Trouble is about to get me.' 'Neville…' 'It's a small thing, really, nothing to worry about, just a bit of security,' Neville said far too cheerfully as they came to a halt outside of the Gargoyle. It looked at them lazily, the stone grinding as it yawned. 'Password?' 'Oh, um… Calico? Tiger? Tabby? Ragdoll?' The gargoyle shook its head, regarding Harry with interest. Harry gulped. These things looking at him in amusement was surely a sign of trouble. 'Er, could you ask the Headmistress to see us…?' he hazarded, wincing as it let out a noise like gravel going up Aunt Petunia's hoover. 'One moment,' it said, crawling around its pillar and up to Professor McGonagall's Office. Neville shifted from foot to foot, very determinedly looking in any direction but Harry's. 'Are you sure this is nothing, Nev…?' he asked gently, eyes narrowing when Neville flushed. 'Because this seems very… not small.' 'I'm not sure I'm the best person to say anything…' he admitted when the pillar shifted. 'Just… Hear Professor McGonagall out?' Harry nodded, automatically clutching the handle of his holly wand as they went up the staircase and into the office. Unlike Professor Dumbledore's Office, Professor McGonagall's was orderly; full of globes and books rather than rapidly whirring instruments. Said Headmistress was sat behind her desk, watching her two former students closely. If she was in her Animagus form, Harry got the impression that her tail would be twitching with curiosity. 'Good evening, you two. Please, take a seat.' They did, Neville sitting forward immediately. 'Um, Minerva. You know that thing you were talking about and how you wished Harry was still a Parselmouth so you could ask him about it?' She regarded the both of them with careful blue eyes, then took her wand out of her bun and pointed it at the door. It snapped shut and started to buzz slightly, a classic sign of wards. 'Mr Potter? Are you still a Parselmouth?' 'Good Evening, Ma'am. And apparently. The snake in Slughorn's club room is really rude,' he said. 'Why?' She sighed slightly, waving her wand at the cabinet. It rattled and three glasses shot out, the headmistress pulling a bottle of scotch out of her drawer. Harry eyed it with trepidation. For some reason, he was getting flashbacks to fifth year. 'Take a tumbler, Potter.' That would be why. 'No biscuits this time, Professor?' he asked cheekily, smiling when she sent him an exasperated look back. 'I think this matter requires rather more than biscuits,' she said, steepling her fingers and looking at him over the top of her glasses. 'The matter is delicate, and I ask you to let me explain after hearing my request.' Harry frowned but nodded, swirling the alcohol as Neville took a drink. 'Of course. You know I will.' 'You see, Mr Potter, here's the thing- I need you to breed a basilisk.' Harry stared at her, then downed his alcohol. He knew he should never have come to this party. Who doesn't love a bit of a cracky HP fic, tbh? Thanks for reading. :)