I wait here for you? Or do you want me to go in with you?" "Only if there's a mating mark," Dorea said, shaking her head. "Or if you're the father." "He's going to be," Sirius assured her. "Dear, the hospital has rules. I can go in with you, but Remus will have to wait here." Remus reluctantly stepped out of the way as the doctors came in. "I'll be waiting," he said, as they wheeled Sirius out of the room. ...oOo... Remus paced outside of the room, ignoring when both James and his father turned up. It had been over an hour. Sirius should be out by now. "Remus, why don't you come with me for a hot-drink?" James asked. He took in the expression on Remus' face. "Or I'll get them myself. What are you having?" "Tea, thanks," Remus muttered, turning his attention back to the door. Two minutes later, the door opened and Dorea walked out. "Sirius is in recovery," she said, looking between the pair. "He needs a few minutes to get himself together and to get moved to a ward. I'll let you know when they move him." "How is he? The baby?" Remus asked. "They are both fine," Dorea said, smiling. "Sirius can't wait for you all to meet her." Before the others could say anything, Dorea turned and walked back through the doors, leaving the others. "James, it's a girl!" Remus said, when James returned. "I'm an uncle," James replied, grinning as he handed the tea over. "Uncle James has a nice ring to it. Not as nice as Dad or Pops though. How does it feel to become a dad?" "Scary," Remus admitted. "Amazing. I can't wait to see them both. I don't know why this is taking so long." "Remus, are you sure about this?" Charlus asked from where he was sitting nearby. "This is your last chance to leave before getting attached. If you leave now, you'll not have to raise a child that isn't yours." Remus turned to Charlus, his eyes narrowed. "I'm not going anywhere," he snapped. "I love Sirius, and I have no doubts that I'll love any child he has, mine or not. I'll raise the baby as though she were mine, and I'll raise all future children together. I might not be rich, but I can give him everything he wants, and I'll do anything for them." Charlus stared at him for a long moment before smiling. "Then welcome to the family." "Dad, you can't say stuff like that," James muttered. "Remus thought you were trying to get him to leave. He didn't know it was a test." "He wasn't supposed to know it was a test," Charlus replied, before turning back to Remus. "You look after my boy," he ordered. "He's a bit of hard work, but his heart is in the right place. I've been raising him since he was eleven years old, and he's been through a lot. Do not become someone who lets him down." "I'll do my best, Mr Potter." "Charlus. We're family now," Charlus insisted as the door opened again. "He's just been brought up to the third floor in the other lift," Dorea said. "We can follow now." ...oOo... Instead of turning right into the previous ward, the group headed to the other ward on the floor. Dorea quickly got the room number and the trio walked through the ward to the private room at the end. Remus stepped in first, his eyes searching, until they landed on Sirius on the bed. He held a finger up to his lips as he clutched the baby against his bare chest. "Skin on skin promotes bonding or something," he murmured. "So, I have a kid now. Still mean everything you said before?" Remus slowly moved closer until he was standing next to Sirius, looking down at the baby with black curls plastered to her head. "She's beautiful," he murmured, already in love with the little girl who was, in his eyes, going to be his daughter. "What's her name?" "I haven't thought that far ahead. We can work that out later," Sirius said softly. "James, Mummy, Pops. You can all come in." The three moved from the doorway and crowded around, all wanting to see the baby. "I'm still Godfather, right?" James checked. "And Uncle James, of course." "Of course," Sirius murmured. "This feels weird. Surreal. Remus, do you want to hold her?" "Are you sure? The rest of your family…" Remus trailed off at Sirius' insistent nodding. "Just so you can be sure you want this," Sirius admitted. Remus nodded silently. He already knew he wanted it, but wanted to show Sirius that he did. He carefully took the baby from Sirius' arms into his own. He took a moment to look over the little girl in his arms. Her cheeks were red and squished, her dark curls plastered to her tiny head and her arms were flying through the air in adorable, jerky movements, before the baby pressed into him for warmth. "I love her," he whispered, awed at the baby in his arms. He turned his gaze to Sirius. "And I love you." "I love you too," Sirius said, delighted by Remus' reaction. He laid his head back and closed his eyes. "Just going to take a little nap now. I'm exhausted. Wake me if she needs me." "My turn next," James insisted, hovering nearby. Remus just smirked. He wasn't passing his baby over to anyone except Sirius anytime soon. He turned his attention down to the baby again. His baby. Their baby. Review Please :) Also written for: Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry: Assignment 6 - Defence Against the Dark Arts. Write a Coffee-shop!AU Dungeons and Dragons Challenge - Write a hospital!AU Hogwarts: Zodiac Writing Challenge - write about Remus Lupin. Writing Club - Genre: Romance The Valentine Making Station - White: Write about a newborn baby. Hamilton Challenge - [scenario] Write about a pregnancy.