alongside the water. Remus looked at Sirius questioningly. Sirius decided to take the path along the river. He didn't want to stray too far from the windmill. After all, there was no rush in exploring—he'd get to see everywhere soon enough with Remus at his side. The sun shone down on the river, making the water appear as though it was glittering. Perhaps it was; Sirius wouldn't be surprised at all. Sirius' eyes widened at the midnight blue trees that dotted the path, the further they walked. They were a beautiful shade and he knew one day he would get used to them, so he took the time to look at them and examine the leaves in fascination. Remus didn't try to rush him at all, just watched happily and talked about the types of trees down in Wonderland. Sirius was startled by the strange wood-like creatures that were climbing the trees. "They're Bowtruckles," Remus insisted with a grin. He reached out and picked one up, setting it on Sirius' shoulder. Sirius' head spun around to look at it. "Is it safe?" he asked. "Very," Remus assured him. "I'd never put something on you that wasn't safe. They are only dangerous when they feel threatened, but I often walk through here and meet the creatures. They know me and trust me." Sirius carefully watched the creature. "What does it do?" "They guard the trees," Remus replied. He held out his hand, sensing Sirius' nervousness and the bowtruckle climbed from Sirius' shoulder. The creature was placed back onto the tree with the others. "There are a lot of creatures here that you won't be used to up there. We'll go slowly though, I promise." Sirius nodded, watching the bowtruckles on the tree. Now the unknown creature wasn't on his shoulder, Sirius found himself quite liking the sticky things, whilst Remus silently watched, enjoying Sirius' curiosity at everything he had seen in a world that Remus was used to. Remus was finding himself looking at the surroundings with new fascination because Sirius was so eager to learn and Remus was just as eager to teach Sirius about his new home. He watched them interact for a few minutes before finally turning to Remus. Remus lit up once Sirius' eyes were on him. Sirius marvelled at how he could get everything he ever wanted. That morning he had been so unhappy… and now he had met and fallen for a handsome and strange man who fascinated him. One he could see himself with for a long time… maybe even forever if Remus wanted, because Sirius couldn't envision being without Remus. He was certain he fell in love with Remus the second he looked into his eyes at the wedding. He had no regrets in giving up everything for this man. He couldn't help himself. He moved closer to Remus, leaning in for yet another kiss. And if that red card guy came back and tried to win Remus back, well, Sirius wasn't about to let that happen. ...oOo... They looked around for over an hour before Sirius started to feel weary. He wanted to see more, yet the days events had been draining. Remus noticed quickly, watching Sirius with concern. "Queen Minerva will want to meet you," Remus said, stopping them from walking further. "James went on ahead to tell her that you came back here and she'll be wondering where you are. I'll send word that you'll stay at the windmill with me tonight and we can both go and visit her in the morning." Sirius nodded. "Just for the day or will we be staying there?" "It's a bit of a distance. We may stay the night before returning," Remus replied. "But since we have the journey, perhaps it's time to head home now? I'd like to start working on a hat for you, or at least look through the materials. Perhaps I'll have it finished by morning so you can wear it tomorrow? How do you feel about a matching—" "Remus," Sirius chuckled. "Don't you worry so much. I'm happy to wait as long as it takes for the hat to be ready… so, you said 'home'." "I did," Remus agreed, with a smile. "You asked if there was space for you there. You said you wanted to stay with me. Well, if you're staying, it's not as a guest. It'll be your home too, Sirius. Our home. Together." "Our home together. I like the sound of that," Sirius murmured. He leaned in and pressed his lips to Remus'. "You know, I'm never going to tire of doing that." "Perhaps the rest of the kisses can wait until our return because it'll be cold soon. I can already feel the winds picking up." The leaves were swirling around them again and Sirius smiled. "Sure. Back the way we came?" Remus shook his head, pointing to a fork a short distance away. "We follow the path that leads away from the river and it'll curve back around to our home." "Keep saying that," Sirius insisted as they set down the new path. "Our home isn't far," Remus said. His grin widening each time the words left his lips. Sirius was so happy and eager to get back, he didn't even stop to examine the flowers that were humming an unknown song along the path, or to stop to meet the strange animals in clothes that were holding some sort of meeting a few feet from where they were passing. There was time for all of that later. Finally they stopped outside of the windmill and Remus took a deep breath. "If it's not what you want, you can still choose to stay at the castle instead." Sirius looked at the long table in front of the windmill, before turning his attention to their home. "It's perfect," he replied. "My home is where you are, Remus." Remus grinned and led him up the path and to his new home. Review please :)