that he wanted her there. "I'm sure I can make the time," she replied with a shy smile. Astoria gripped her arm tightly, excited at the idea of going to a Muggle show. Noah beamed at her and Daphne struggled to form words. This was not supposed to happen. How could she find a Muggle so attractive? "Do you go to university too?" Noah asked. "No. I'm… I'm considering what to do next, I suppose," Daphne said. "I thought I had a plan… I mean, I do have a plan… but…" "Mum and Dad are probably trying to marry her off at the moment," Lycus offered quickly. Noah took Daphne's hand and led her to the sofa, taking a seat next to her. The others fell into their own conversations, but Noah was staring at her intently. "Trying to marry her off means she's still currently unmarried. That doesn't sound fun. Do people still do arranged marriages?" "Some," Daphne said. "But you're right. I'm not married yet. Or engaged. Just… I'm single." "That's very good to know. I'll be able to serenade you at our next show," Noah murmured. "If you'd like that." "So tell me about yourself. You're in a band, but what do you do here?" Daphne asked. "I'm actually training to be a doctor too," Noah offered. "Sebastian is looking to be a history teacher, Will a lawyer, and Joshua is taking a course in electronics." "Such different courses. How did you all get a chance to meet?" Daphne asked. "I know your brother because we're on the same course," Noah began. "Sebastian is a friend of his from school and Will is my old roommate. Joshua is his boyfriend. So. How come we haven't met you before?" "You know why. I told you I fell out with my parents because I wouldn't let them marry me off," Lycus lied, clearly keeping a careful watch on their conversation. "They stopped my sisters from visiting. Astoria comes here under the ruse of going to music classes, but Daphne doesn't get as much of a chance to sneak away." "And I'm sorry about that," Daphne said, meeting Lycus' gaze. She wanted to promise him that she'd see him more often but knew she couldn't do that. One Muggle show and she'd have to distance herself again. She'd have to stop Astoria from messing up her own future too, seeing that she was snuggled up against Sebastian. "Maybe you could take up an instrument too?" Noah suggested. "Then you can come and spend every week here?" "I… I don't know," Daphne said, trying to stop herself thinking that it sounded like a wonderful idea. "Do you come here every week?" "Mostly." Noah's smile widened. "But if I knew you'd be here every week, I'd make sure I was always here to see you. Or I could see you over dinner and a movie this weekend?" Daphne's eyes widened and she looked to her sister for help. She was certain that the Muggle was suggesting a date. "She'd love to. I'll make sure she turns up," Astoria replied before turning to Daphne. "Mother and Father are going away this weekend, remember?" "Great. I'll pick you up from…" "Here," Lycus said firmly. "That way I can have a few words with you before you take my baby sister out." "I'm not your baby sister. I'm two years younger than you," Daphne muttered. Lycus grinned. "You'll always be my little Daffy." Daphne glared at him. "You know I despise that nickname." "I know," her brother replied with an amused chuckle. ...oOo... Daphne twisted the little silver ring on her right hand around as her parents talked about the contract they were going to sign for her to marry Draco Malfoy. The ring had been a gift from Lycus for her birthday a few weeks before and it told her that no matter what, her brother was there for her. She nodded and smiled when she was supposed to and it wasn't long before her parents left the room. She didn't move until she heard the floo. Her parents had headed to the Malfoy's to tell them that she was happy to marry Draco. Seven months ago, she would have been. Two weeks until her wedding. Two weeks until she would be Daphne Malfoy. No more seeing Lycus. No more sneaking out on dates with Noah or watching their band play. No more cheering them on when they played rugby or laughing when they sung Muggle songs after a few drinks. She would have to throw away her college prospectus. Not that she ever planned on taking a course, but a flower arranging course would have been an interesting hobby if nothing else. Before she could talk herself out of it, Daphne was in her room, sending everything from her room into a suitcase with some hastily cast spells. It didn't take long for her room to empty. She scribbled a note and slipped it under Astoria's door before grabbing her case and rushing from the house. ...oOo... Lycus was hanging out with his friends when he heard someone pounding at his door. He rushed over at the urgency in the knocks and was shocked to find his sister there on a Monday evening. "Daffy?" "I'm to be married in two weeks," she said, holding back the tears that wanted to fall. She felt dizzy. She felt like she couldn't breathe. Noah quickly appeared at the door. "Daph," he murmured. "What are you going to do?" She fell into her boyfriend's arms. "Can I stay here?" she said to her brother. Noah wrapped his arms around Daphne and led her inside. "Of course," Lycus murmured. He grabbed her suitcase from outside and brought it inside, thrilled at the idea of Daphne becoming a more permanent part of his life. "You're my sister and I'd do anything for you." Word Count: 3000 words exactly Thanks to the Harpies for helping with ideas and betaing :)