water as they slowly kissed. The kisses built in intensity, and Hermione soon felt the evidence of Draco's desire for her, pressing against her stomach. Smiling, she sneaked a hand towards his erection… then gaped at him in surprise. 'Where are your swimming trunks?' He smirked and nodded at the boat. 'In there.' 'When the hell…? Oh, never mind.' She wrapped her legs around his waist and teased him by brushing her bikini-bottomed core over his very hard cock. Draco hissed and forced himself not to come. He looked over at a nearby shore, lined with weeping willows. Ancient old branches stretched out over the water, their leaves providing a promising shield of privacy. He squinted at Maple. She was sunbathing. Or sleeping. Taking Hermione's hand, they slowly swam to the willows. When Draco could touch the lake floor with his feet, he gathered Hermione into his arms and kissed her, sliding his tongue into her mouth and exploring her. She felt drugged with desire and concentrated on the feel of his tongue inside her, and her tongue inside him, when she realised that her bottom was a little barer than it was a minute ago. She looked into the water, then up at her smug lover. 'You're getting far too good at removing clothing without me noticing.' 'I'll make it worth your while,' he murmured as he traced his lips down her neck, and onto her pulse. 'I'm going to mark you,' he said. 'Show my bloody father what I think of his rules.' Hermione sighed. 'Draco, that's – oh, my GOD, that's so good!' she moaned, flinging her head back and giving him room. Encouraged, Draco sucked at her pulse hard, licking it with his tongue before sucking again, over and over until a deep red circle appeared on her neck. He examined it, and pouted. 'What's wrong?' Hermione asked. He sighed. 'I'd hoped I had made the hickey in the shape of a heart.' She smiled. 'I've done it before.' She shoved him under the water. When he resurfaced, he wisely refrained from continuing the conversation, and bestowed upon Hermione his knicker-dropping smile. She let herself be swept into his arms, and threaded her hands through his wet hair while he untied the top of her bikini and kissed his way to her naked breasts. When he put his lips to one nipple and sucked on it, she let out a ragged moan and thrust her chest at him, wanting more. With one arm around her waist, he cupped her other breast with his spare hand, kneading it lightly until he reached the nipple – and tugged. Hermione bit down on a wail of desire – she didn't want to draw Maple's attention, even if she did seem to be fast asleep on the other shoreline. Draco's erection was back with a vengeance. To his chagrin, he had a feeling this wouldn't be a marathon shag. He wouldn't last nearly long enough to show Hermione how much he desired her. Needed her. Hermione's legs were already wrapped around his waist. 'Draco, I need you,' she whispered into his mouth. He kissed her, and manoeuvred her into place – her core hovering just above his straining erection. 'I love you,' he whispered – and surged inside her. As it turned out, he needn't have worried about not lasting the distance. Hermione was just as desperate as he was to join together so intimately. Draco used his hands to help Hermione move up and down his cock, making sure he filled her completely with every descent. Her wet breasts rubbed against his bare chest, creating blissful sensations for his lover. He lowered his head to hers and whispered in her ear – how long he'd been waiting to do this. How she'd bewitched him. How much he missed her when they were apart. He briefly closed his eyes when he felt her pussy start to flutter around his cock. 'D-Draco, I'm going to' – 'Come for me love,' he gritted. She called out his name as she orgasmed hard over his cock. By this stage, both were beyond caring if Maple was listening in. Finally, Draco gave in to his body and came inside his girl, over and over. Nothing felt more right. A little while later… 'Draco?' Hermione's voice was sleepy. 'Yes, love?' Draco's was also sleepy. 'Where are my bikini bottoms?' Draco thought. Then his eyes widened. Oh, shit. If Maple didn't wake when Draco and Hermione orgasmed, there was no way she could have not have heard the piercing shriek of rage that came from Miss Hermione's mouth upon the discovery of the loss of her bikini bottoms. As Draco and Hermione came to the end of their two-week stay with the Malfoys, they conducted a quick stocktake. Number of times they had sex: one sodding time Number of times Draco lost his temper with his father: a few dozen Number of times Maple burst into tears whenever she found Draco and Hermione engaged in a public display of affection: seventy-five or so Number of engagement rings presented: none (although Narcissa was more than eager to walk Draco through their fabulous collection of jewellery, just in case) Number of times Draco wanked in the shower in the morning: every morning Articles of clothing lost: one bikini bottom Articles of clothing gained (by Hermione, via Narcissa): two hundred and twenty. All in all, Hermione mused as she packed her trunk for their next two-week stay, I had a very nice time at Malfoy Manor. Even if the sex was a bit lacking in amount. Thank God Mum and Dad are more progressive than Mr Malfoy, she thought with relief. A/N: What a long first chapter that was! To think I started it by staring at the computer screen and wailing 'I don't know what to write!' Stay tuned for chapter two, where our lovers spend a fortnight at the Grangers. Until then, take care and please review!