was Tom after all and he didn't like to be kept waiting. Narcissa had eagerly waited for both her sisters at the lunch table, but only Andromeda was there when she announced her engagement to Lucius Malfoy. She was vaguely annoyed that her eldest sister had skipped their traditional Saturday lunch and missed the happiest announcement of Narcissa's life so far. Andromeda had skittishly been avoiding her sisters all day because she planned her runaway right after their traditional lunch. One last sisterly memory before she was blasted off the family tapestry for marrying a "mudblood". When she arrived at the table, she had been utterly crushed to see only Narcissa, and when she heard Narcissa's announcement, she felt a fresh wave of guilt wash upon her. She would ruin Narcissa's special day. Trying to avoid the inevitable pain, Andromeda stayed until dinner. Later that night, when her parents were asleep, and when she and her sisters gathered in the living room to talk, Andromeda informed them of her plan. Of course, Bellatrix was instantly enraged. She cursed and howled, screamed and insulted Andromeda. For Bellatrix, Andromeda was no longer family. She had ceased to be family when she loved that mudblood and now she had to protect Cissy from this stranger with these horrible ideas. But as her rant went on, her heart spoke and for the first time since Ani was born, she cried. Her Andi was leaving her; her Andi was breaking them apart. Powerful, Strong, Fierce Bellatrix cried for Andi, for her baby sister to stay with them. Narcissa, on the other hand, had cast a powerful silencing charm around the room, knowing that Bella would explode. She eyed Andromeda silently. She knew what it felt like to love someone completely and with all one's heart, but by doing so, Andi was breaking her family's ideals. Narcissa pleaded and begged, reasoned and compromised for Andi to stay. Her sorrow eventually turned to rage and for the first time, she screamed at her Andi. Her Andi that she never in her wildest dreams would have thought would leave her and wholeheartedly disagree with her. Sweet, Innocent, Beautiful Narcissa swore with rage and grief to kill the man who stole her wonderful older sister Andi away from her. Andromeda looked in sadness towards her sisters. They had been broken the moment Bellatrix left for Hogwarts and a broken family wasn't a family at all. They weren't her sisters anymore, and Ted was her family. With him, she was complete, they were whole. Her confidence faltered as she looked her sisters in the eyes. Her logical reasoning warped and for the first time, Andromeda caused arguments between her sisters. Her sweet sisters were hurting, and she was doing this to them. Agreeable, Calm, Diplomatic Andromeda screamed with conviction that the Black family had fallen apart, that she was no longer one of them. With every word that passed from their mouths, the last remaining strands of their bond snapped one by one until there was only the slightest of strands loosely connecting them. With every word, happy memories disintegrated in the face of their rage until only a handful remained. By the time morning had come, Andromeda was gone, Narcissa was crying, Bellatrix was screeching and their hearts lay in pieces. The love that had once made them sisters tore them apart as the sisters left each other, willingly. In Azkaban, Bellatrix lay in her dingy cell as the dementors feasted on her happy memories, and brought forth her sadness. Over and over, she watched Andi leave her. Over and over, over and over, until she thought her heart would break. The Dark Lord had distracted her from grief, and empowered her with rage, but now that he was gone, and the dementors were here, she could only think of her sisters. Oh, how could she have let this happen? How? By the time she was freed, Bellatrix had resolved to kill those who took Andi away from her, Ted Tonks and Nymphadora Tonks, the two people Andromeda Tonks loved now. In the Malfoy Manor, Narcissa sat in her study. Her precious Draco had left for school and Lucius was busy politicking. Now she was alone. She pulled out a box from her bookcase, carefully hidden behind several large tomes. She opened it to see the faces of her sisters laughing and staring up at her. Tears, unbidden sprung in her eyes. What happened? How did she let them drift so far away? Day after day, she did this, only stopping when the male members of her family returned home. Years later, when the Dark Lord rose again, Narcissa resolved to kill him who took both Bellatrix and Andromeda away from her, Tom Riddle. He had driven Bellatrix far, far away from them, and he would pay for it. In her home, Andromeda lay in bed, thinking. She kept wondering what would have happened if she had stayed. Would Bellatrix still be in Azkaban? Would she have seen Narcissa? Where would she be? She knew that as much as she wanted to blame it on Hogwarts, the one who truly broke her sisters was herself. But weren't they broken far before that? Year after year, hour after hour, the questions persisted. When the time came to fight, Andromeda was determined to kill all those who stood in her way, between her and her sisters, be it light or dark. After the war, when Tom Riddle was dead and gone, when Ted Tonks was dead and gone, when Nymphadora Tonks was dead and gone, when all those between the sisters was dead and gone, Andromeda and Narcissa met by Bellatrix's gravestone. At the very end, when the war was over, they were together again, in their hearts, till their deaths. Much like how love drove them apart, love brought them together once more. Even though one was dead, and the others widowed, they were sisters again, and family again. .