Prophet , which Sirius suddenly tossed back onto the stand. He lowered his voice. "Bloody lucky, weren't we, Prongs?" "I guess," James shrugged, his voice dropping as well. Lily frowned and moved behind a nearby shelf, the better to listen. "I still don't like how close that was. Moony doesn't remember anything, right?" "Didn't seem like it," said Peter quietly. "But he's not always coherent when he's been—ill." "We won't tell him," said James. "It'd kill him to know—" "Not to mention he won't want to do it again next month," Sirius snorted. "Hey," James snapped suddenly. "That was a close call." "Shh," said Peter, with a cautious glance around the post office. There were a few beats of silence, and then Sirius picked the newspaper up again. "What the bloody hell do they mean, unknown suspects ?" he demanded, brandishing the headline Lily had seen this morning at breakfast, detailing yet another disappearance of a half-blood wizarding family. "How stupid do they have to be not to know who's behind all this stuff? It's sick!" Lily could not make heads or tails of this conversation. She stepped out from behind the shelf and smiled at the boys. "Ready?" she asked cheerfully. "It's getting late. We ought to go up," James said, shifting under Lily's weight and rubbing her arm gently. They were both on the floor; she leaned back against his chest, while he leaned against the seat of an armchair in front of the fire in the Gryffindor common room. After Hogsmeade, they had all come back for dinner and subsequently spent the evening relaxing by the fire. Sirius was passed out on his side on the hearthrug, while Peter was snoring squeakily in one of the other nearby chairs. Lily had dozed off as well, and now sat up, looking around, her heart pounding for a moment. She'd been back on the grounds with the werewolf in a fitful dream. "All right?" James asked, rubbing her arm again. "Fine," Lily said, shaking her head. "Too many of those—Fizzing Whizbees. And I didn't sleep well last night." James yawned and plucked another cantaloupe-flavored sweet from Lily's Honeydukes bag, popping it in his mouth. "Yeah, I wouldn't think so." Lily snorted, rubbing her temples with her fingertips—and then looked sideways at James. "Excuse me?" James's eyes widened suddenly, and he stuffed a piece of chocolate into his mouth as well. "I just meant—you seemed tired, today." Lily stared at him, and he shifted uncomfortably. "What?" he asked at last. "What did you mean by that?" she asked again, her voice softening. Her brain felt like a machine that had just been switched on, and was slowly clunking to life, but gaining momentum. The encounter on the grounds last night…the conversation she'd heard in the post office today… "Nuffing," James replied, through a mouthful of chocolate. Lily rubbed her eyes with her hands and looked round the common room. "Isn't Remus back yet?" she asked. A soft swear reached her ears, and she looked around. Sirius had opened his eyes and sat up on the rug, but he was looking at James. "I told you she knew." "Shut up, Sirius," James snapped. Lily's eyes narrowed. "I knew what?" she asked James, who was now rubbing his hands over his knees agitatedly. When he didn't answer, she said, "Sirius?" Now Sirius looked uncomfortable. He leaned back and hit Peter's knee. Peter jerked awake and looked around. "Whuzzit? What's wrong, Lily? Something hap—oh." His round face went ashen. " Oh ," Lily repeated, " oh, what?" She had the feeling something was closing in on her—that she was about to learn something she never could have found out by just spending the day with the boys in Hogsmeade. "We really can't tell you without Moony," said James, breaking the silence at last. "But…if we do tell you—" "You have to swear you won't tell anyone else," said another voice, from near the portrait hole. All four of them looked around to see Remus entering the common room, his right arm in a sling, looking pale and ill. He gave Lily a half-smile that was more like a grimace. "How's the arm?" James asked. "Better than the ribs, thanks to your antlers," Remus said, giving him a look and a weak flicker of a smile. He faced Lily. His tone was stiff and stony, like he had practiced what he was going to say. "I want to apologize, Lily. I don't remember much of last night, but…usually when these three don't tell me everything, there's a reason for it. You weren't hurt, were you?" As he stepped into the firelight, the sight of his bandages made something in Lily's brain clunk into place. "No way," she murmured. She looked into Remus's eyes, and he held her gaze unblinkingly, his expression one of forced calm. There were several minutes of silence, and then Lily looked up at him. "I believed you were going home to visit your mother every month, you know," she said quietly. Remus's jaw was working, like he couldn't stop clenching his teeth. Lily stood up and faced him. "So…you're telling me," she said slowly—and then she put her arm around his waist and spun to look at the other three, making her tone indignant, "—that these three are unregistered Animagi?" Remus looked sideways at her, confused—then he caught sight of her smile, and an expression of relief flooded his features. He put his arm tentatively around her shoulders. They surveyed Peter, James, and Sirius like they were the parents of misbehaving toddlers. Seeming to unstick his voice from his throat, he said, "Detention, I think. For at least a week." "And perhaps some time helping me tend to my Ithacan Ivy samples, don't you agree?" Lily asked with a grin. Remus laughed. "All right, now you all need to tell me the truth—all of it, you understand?" Lily demanded, bringing him by the hand to sit in her abandoned chair.