before. "I saw you stuff about three newspapers in your bag. What are you expecting to read in issues of the Observer from weeks ago?" Sirius didn't reply, but James continued his onslaught as they made their way up the flights of stairs to their apartment. "This is just like when we were back at Camp Safe-Haven. We had to get out of there as quick as possible, and instead of stocking up on bottled water and food, you went back for that fucking guitar!" Sirius trudged up the stairs in front of James, not even bothering to defend himself anymore. He wanted to shout at James and shake his friend because this wasn't who James was. His friend would understand why he chose the guitar and made sure to grab the radio. His friend would try and work out why Sirius took the papers, instead of treating him like he was being stupid. Sirius understood that he hadn't picked things up as quickly as James and that he had messed up and been careless a few times, but he just needed James to see that he really was trying. Once inside, he set the bag down on the floor next to the desk and glanced at the radio. It was still only feeding out static, but the day had been shit anyway, so he hadn't expected anything to go right. He was just so tired of it all. Without a word to James, he kicked off his shoes and dropped down onto the mattress, his back to his friend. He hoped James would be quiet and let him have some sleep and just shut up nagging him. It wasn't like he packed crap into the case. He managed to get things James didn't think of. Batteries, the markers James had mentioned, he'd grabbed a few packets of dry pasta and some hygiene products and even managed to snag a packet of much needed tea-bags. He even picked up some of James' favourite hair-gel as a peace offering, but James wasn't getting that now! After all, James went straight for the food and tended to forget they didn't just need food and drink to make it through this crisis. James sat down at the desk and set to unpacking the rucksacks while Sirius attempted to get some sleep. He dug through his own pack first, pushing the cans of food to the back of the desk, feeling extremely proud of his haul. He had managed to get his hands on a few large bottles of water, which tasted a hell of a lot better than the rain water they had been gathering in trays on the roof, and he stashed them under the desk, where he hoped they would remain dry. They had managed to find a battery-operated hot plate from a hardware store not long after leaving Camp Safe-Haven, which came in handy when they wanted to warm up any canned food. He slung his now-empty rucksack to the side and reached for Sirius's, rolling his eyes as he did so, dreading to think what he was going to find in his friend's bag. He reached in and grabbed the hair gel first. Initially, he felt anger well up in stomach, and he wanted to yell at Sirius — but then he recognised the brand. It was the hair gel he always used, way before the crisis, when things were as simple as worrying about how his hair looked. Suddenly, James felt a little guilty for his grumpy mood. Even though James had done nothing but criticise him all day, Sirius still thought about picking up a little something extra for his friend. As he pulled out batteries and the magic markers that he had forgotten about, he noticed the placement of the newspapers in the rucksack. He hadn't even thought about using something to act as a barrier against the gaping hole in the side of the bag, he had just taken the intact bag and ran with it. The newspapers weren't just unnecessary bits of paper that were taking up space in the rucksack — they were acting as a commodity to prevent everything else that Sirius had packed in the bag from falling out. Finally James spotted the tea-bags Sirius had picked up. In his haste to get to the cans and drinks, he hadn't even considered picking any up himself. James slumped back in the chair, feeling very guilty indeed. He wanted to turn around and wake up his friend and apologise for his actions. Maybe if he had a little bit more of a carefree attitude about the crisis, like Sirius did, he wouldn't be as stressed and intolerable. Though, someone had to take charge of the situation and make sure they were safe and fed, he reminded himself. When he turned to glance at Sirius, he noticed that his friend's breathing had slowed down, and he seemed to have finally fallen asleep. James didn't want to wake him — after all, Sirius had spent all the night before listening to the radio. The radio . Another thing that James had done nothing but shout at Sirius about, when it was obvious that Sirius was only trying to listen out for signs of any other survivors. Probably Regulus, the little voice in his head added. James looked at the cans of food in front of him, and decided to apologise to Sirius in the only way he could: by whipping up a meal that only a man in his early twenties could be proud of. Using the hot plate and a small pan, he cooked the hot dogs until they were warm enough to eat, and served them onto paper plates with a side of baked beans. Just as he was about to turn around and wake Sirius up to let him know there was food on the table, he realised that the apartment seemed strangely...quiet. The radio was no longer feeding out static.