more poisonous than it's own venom..." She didn't seem to be listening. "I wouldn't try to hex you the other day either although you've already doubted that in the first place – mostly because I'd get in trouble if anyone found out, but–" His line of excuses streamed on and on for what felt like a century and she found that her advances in running away from him was going absolutely nowhere. she'd been through the other end of the castle, went up a few winding staircases, survived down some slippery polished steps, gone through odd empty corridors and avoided areas where she could hear the loud school's poltergeist's shrills yet still she couldn't lose the attention of an irritating, twelve–year old boy. Even her own brother wasn't as bad as this and that was saying something. "Just go away!" Ginny snapped, her fingers sliding into her robes to pull out a lengthy line of yew, pointing it straight at his chest. "Go on – don't tempt me." Malfoy didn't flinch. his bottom lip curled into a frown. "You don't even know how to use a wand." She stuck her nose up; "I do." "No, you don't." He nodded as if he was trying to convince himself. Something seemed to strike in his gaze, however.. "I could teach you." The young lady scowled. "You – teach me? Amusing.. I wouldn't want you to.. all I'd like is for you to go away." "You should be grateful that I'm looking out for you, Weasley – you do know that if I leave you alone for even a minute, they'll come back." He drawled smoothly, leaning against a wall and watching as she lowered her wand, tucking it firmly in her robes after a bitter, silent admittance of her not knowing any proper magic. "That first–year girl and her other filthy little friends – they've got nothing better than looking after you.." his teeth jotted out to show a perfect, near-blinding grin, ".. s'only your third day and you've already got plenty of fans. You could rival Potter. " Looking out for her. Even she couldn't help but wrinkle her nose this time. "What's it to you?" "I'd say.." He seemed to seriously consider it a moment, before rolling his shoulders into a smooth shrug, dark robes clinging neatly around his body without a single wrinkle in sight. "Nothing, and in a way, everything ; keeping you away from them, keeps you away from losing any house points and in turn we'll get to see the look of immense pleasure on Weasley's face everytime he sees his little sister walking around the grounds donning green robes." ".. so you've met my brother, have you?" "Oh, yes. Best mates, we are.." He didn't bother to keep any sarcasm out of his voice before waving a dismissive hand. "Forget that, Weasley. Back to the subject, most wouldn't be able to live a day at Hogwarts without being in a group and Merlin knows how you've survived this long – soon enough they'll come teaming up on you unless you've found your own allies, and by the looks of it.." Malfoy moved his eyes along the empty corridor as if mocking her lack of associates. Although even if she didn't want to agree, what he said was true.. you couldn't just walk around your own while wallowing in the misery. the stigma was far too strong and she couldn't wander a minute through a filled hallway without receiving a snarl from Vane or any other student she'd somehow managed to gain the distaste of. The other slytherin girls she shared a dormitory with had already paired up in their own circles to avoid chastisement and she figured she truly was the only one alone. ".. you'll be safe to hear that they'd hardly dare come closer to you with an older Slytherin involved. they're mostly like that, you know, gryffindors – all great and riled up to stand up for things until there's authority standing and they either suck up or cower back into their dens.. well, not all, but the ones that aren't are either filled with dirty blood, traitors, or thick in the head so they hardly matter.." Ginny held a hand up to pause his rambling. She hardly wanted to hear him moan on and on.. it seemed that the only thing this boy could do was complain. "What's this, then? You're offering to – er – help me?" "Not exactly. Consider this a trade of equal benefits." But she wondered what she had to lose. This was an opportunity, and he was likely to follow her around even if she refused. It was best that she made the most of it and used this boy to her advantage whether or not the health of her mentality were to deteriorate. When he stretched his palm out towards her, she lifted her own carefully, a cool sweat threatening to break down her cheek as she matched careful gazes: indifferent cadet to a more controlled hazel. Her hand enfolded his in a firm shake and Malfoy leant back with his mouth turned to a prim, satisfied smile. Her eyes seemed to flash a million hues of gold and she began questioning his motives over a thousand times before worrying on her own. Maybe this truly was what she needed. "Purely selfish motives, then?" "Purely selfish motives." he agreed. . . . . UNBETA'd, written at three AM, filled with multiple writing errors and grammar mistakes. If anyone catches one, feel free to point it out! I'd appreciate the notion very much. This might be a tad bit OOC for liking but the plot will stretch out for more than seven years, moving darker and deeper as it progresses. The initial story won't really start out until they're in fifth –year (Ginny's fourth) . I'll be switching ratings from between T –to –M rated, as there won't be nothing more than mild as of now.