important that I would like to discuss with you. Yours, Gellert XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX It was short, but so sweet, Astrid couldn't have imagined a more joyful feeling. She penned her response in her next class. G Until tonight. Love, A XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX FIRE AT CASTLE DURMSTRANG In the late hours of Thursday evening, a fire burned down nearly one-third of Castle Durmstrang, killing one student and injuring another. It has been determined that the fire began in the east wing of the castle, in the library, although its cause is unknown. Wizarding schools around the world have taken up collections for books to replenish the library of Durmstrang—which, while not as ancient as those libraries in Mahoutokoro or Hogwarts, has suffered a great loss nonetheless. Durmstrang students are expected to complete the rest of the term as usual, while reconstruction is anticipated to take the better part of the summer. Excerpt: Magickenposten, 18 May 1897 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Dear Mr. and Mrs. Lund, It is with a heavy heart that I write to you regarding your daughter, Astrid. Last night, Astrid was studying in the castle library with an older student—it is our understanding that their friendship is a relatively new one. A fire, the cause of which is yet undetermined, broke out in the library, and quickly engulfed much of the eastern wing. Regretfully, a second-year student was killed, and, unfortunately, Astrid was severely injured by a falling roof beam, and is being treated in our school infirmary. We would ask that you come as soon as you are able, as our healer feels Astrid would benefit from seeing her family as she recuperates. Additionally (and I do ask this regretfully, as I am sure that this news is a shock), as headmistress, I would sincerely appreciate your relaying of any information you may have received from Astrid regarding her new relationship with a young man called Gellert Grindelwald. I ask this of you because, unfortunately, Astrid seems to have lost a portion of her memory. She cannot tell us what caused the fire to start, or what the younger student was doing in the library with them. Whether this loss of memory was caused by a charm or simply by the trauma of her injuries remains to be seen. Mr. Grindelwald was present at the scene of the fire, and does indeed seem to have been a friend of Astrid's, as she was able to tell us that it was he that she was meeting in the library. Beyond that, we have little information, and any that you can provide would be appreciated in our efforts to determine appropriate action. You have all of Durmstrang's deepest sympathy at this difficult time. Our doors are open to you, upon your arrival. Please do not hesitate to contact the school with any concerns you may have. Sincerely yours, Lisbeth Landvik Headmistress Durmstrang Institute XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Neither Gellert Grindelwald nor Astrid Lund ever spoke about what caused the fire that began in the library that night. At first, this was because Astrid's injuries—burns, primarily to her face, neck, and upper body—were, indeed, too severe to allow her to speak at all. As she healed, however, and Headmistress Landvik's pleas for information and assistance from Astrid's absent parents went unanswered, Astrid's memory continued unrestored. What was determined was this: the second-year, Muggle-born boy who had died in the fire had been lured there under false pretenses and so, ostensibly, had Astrid Lund—unless, of course, true to her nature, Astrid had simply had the bad luck to be in the wrong place at the worst possible time. Astrid heard that Gellert Grindelwald had been expelled from Durmstrang Institute on the day she was to be transferred to a hospital closer to her home that would hopefully be able to further her recuperation. In the fog of pain potions, she felt an odd sensation of loss at this news, but she could not place it; she had never known Gellert Grindelwald particularly well. He projected an air of cavalier detachment, and it struck her that he never seemed to value his studies the way she valued her own; she had no time for such people. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Gellert, standing with his legs shoulder-width apart on the deck of the ship, narrowed his eyes against the icy wind that whipped through the fjord, gazing steadily at the rapidly shrinking shape of Castle Durmstrang. The early summer day had done nothing to increase the temperature, either of the iron-gray water or the bright, white sky that would remain lit by the sun until the late hours. The last conversation with Astrid was circling in his head, a memory he would not ever forget—the moment he realized his full potential, and seized his chance at radical freedom. " Gellert—you can't do this, not in the way you are describing. Even in the name of magical scholarship, abducting a ch—" " This is more than scholarship and you know that." " I am leaving. Come with me, Henrik—" " If you leave now—you get nothing. Do you hear? Nothing! You will never be free. And the boy stays. He has much that he can tell me, even if he doesn't know it yet…" " You are insane. You are a monster!" " And if you are so in love with me, then what does that make you?" " I…" " That's what I thought. Goodbye, Astrid. I am sorry for your resistance. I am sorry it came to this…" "Get your last look, Grindelwald," grunted the man steering the ship. It wasn't a taunt, because even this lowly servant had heard why Gellert was aboard the school's ship weeks before any other students were due to leave the castle. All the same, Gellert glared back at the helmsman. When he was satisfied that the man was too cowardly to even attempt to meet his eye, he looked back at the castle once more—but it had vanished behind a jutting cliff of ice and stone.