"Pretty good!" Dudley let out a snicker as he patted Harry's shoulder before he continued on, "Anyway, someone let a wild animal into the school, and they ordered us back to the dorms with this...bear wandering the halls..." "A bloody bear!?" One of the gang asked incredulously, and Harry only nodded in turn before sighing to the ceiling. "Yeah, about that I guess, anyway, I forced Ron, my friend who hurt 'mione's feelings to help me and go fetch her since the prefects were bloody USELESS and wouldn't listen to us that there was a twelve year old girl alone and in danger. "Bloody gits man, seriously the lot of them. Anyway, Ron and I get to the loo she's in and wouldn't you know it, she's being attacked by the bear." The boys froze at that as Harry rubbed the bridge of his nose slowly before snorting in amusement, "I dunno what I was thinking at the time. Thing was about swipe 'mione, all I had was a stick, so I jumped on the rudding things back and jammed it right up its nose." The surrounding boys leaned forward letting out various words of exclamation, Dudley's the loudest, "You didn't!" Harry grinned sipping on more the clear liquid, "Oh I did, and my God did that piss it off. Anyway while it's runn'in around try'in to dislodge a chopstick from its nose Ron rolls this rudding huge piece of timber out from a higher ledge and *Bam!* the bear is clocked in the head. It goes out, we get in trouble, and become the best of friends..." Harry sipped his liquor again before sighing while shaking his head, "Till Ron got..." "Not talk'in about Ron, we're talk'in about yer girl, what was she like after the bear?" Harry blinked and glanced aside for a moment before shrugging lightly. "Well...'mione's 'mione ya know? She's always there for me, always willing to protect me even when I don't rudding well need it...that damn broom... She...she was literally the only person that not only believed me but also stood beside me in that tournament. And...and when I brought Cedric's body back..." He didn't mean to cry, he didn't, and he drank more of the magical clear happy liquid but it didn't make the pain go away, it just made him gag. Eventually Dudley took the glass from him and wrapped an arm around his shoulders before muttering out a simple question. "What did she do when you brought your friends body back?" Harry sat there, sulked then whispered, "She told me it wasn't my fault, and that I shouldn't blame myself." Piers then spoke up for the group, "Do you care about her?" Harry snorted, "Of course," Piers nodded once before speaking again. "You care for her? Does she care the same for you?" Harry actually gave the boy a Snape level sneer which for some reason only had him grinning back as Harry snarled out his reply. "Of course!" Dudley then asked, "Why aren't you dating her then? Sounds like this school of yours is a load of rubbish and you look after each other. Why shouldn't you do it as a couple, together?" Harry's eyes widened in horror as his stomach lurched, and soon he threw up on the floor. Eventually Dudley was able to get some water down his throat, and after a time got Harry somewhat coherent. Really it was Big D's fault, he forgot his cousin likely had no tolerance for this sort of swill, so begrudgingly he and Piers each took an arm over the shoulder and began walking back to 4 Privet Drive. Midway through their journey Harry came to a moment, turned his head to meet Dudley's gaze and rasped out, "I'm in love with Hermione!" "No fucking shit," Piers drawled out, causing Harry to meet the boys gaze with panic obvious in his eyes. "What do...What do I tell Ron!?" Dudley snorted at that with a wider grin, "Back off you worthless sod, or you'll be sorry." Harry grinned at that then nodded, "Ok!" Once back home Dudley and Piers laid Harry out on the couch, wishing his friend farewell Dudley spent the next few hours feeding Harry water and leading him to the loo. After 5am he sat on the couch, letting Harry rest his head on his lap, and passed out. As it ended up his parents saw the scene in the morning and didn't quite know what to make of it, the freak was nuzzled up to their Duddikens, but neither of them seemed to be bother with it. Being the perfectly normal people they were they decided to go out for the day, so as to not be involved with...whatever was going on. "Harry, you need to wake up." Oh sweet Circe...everything hurt. He remembered most of last night, he thought, Dudley and he sorta kinda came to terms, he got drunk, admitted he was in love with Hermione and... Oh fucking shitting hell he was in love with his best friend! What was he gonna tell Ron!? 'Back off you worthless sod, or you'll be sorry,' oh, yes. Wise words Big D. "HARRY FUCKING WAKE UP NOW THERE ARE MONSTERS TRYING TO GET THROUGH THE WINDOWS!" Snapping his eyes open Harry sat up as his head very nearly clipped a concerned Big D's own cranium and he couldn't help but let a brow raise in consternation. Because, it would appear directly outside of 4 Privet Drive, two dementors were caught before the window like moths in a bug zapper. "Well...that's a thing..." Dudley eyed his cousin for a few moments before snorting in amusement, "Potter...write a bloody letter to whoever is in charge of that madhouse world so we can get this over with and hit the hideout..." Right the hideout, were more of that horrid, rancid, mind altering and fun inducing liquid was. Currently being blocked by soul vampires... Time to write a letter to the DMLE...