rest, now, it's quite late. Go to sleep!" How one was supposed to go to sleep to such a vague and worrying answer, Hermione didn't know, but after Madam Pomfrey took her leave it didn't take long before the passing clouds lulled her into a deep, healing slumber. When Snape came back to his senses the first thing he felt was the cold stone underneath him. As he surveyed his surroundings further and remembered what had brought him here, he felt a pang of extreme guilt and shame at what had occurred. His robes were smeared with dried, odourless blood - Dumbledore must have removed the scent - and he was in one of the prison cells in the dungeons. It was very dark, but Snape had no trouble seeing. It was a small room with green moss covering the stone walls in scattered places, with no furniture. The ceiling was high and he could see rusty marks where shackles and other metal objects had been attached to the surfaces. Some hooks were still there. Snape hung his head and fisted his hands in his long, greasy hair. Even that had traces of blood in it, where the tips had swept over her deliciously curved neck after his bite. Merlin, he inwardly groaned. He had accosted a student. He had drunk her lifeblood. The implications hit him like a hard blow to the face. That student. He groaned again, audibly this time. His chest hurt from the stunners, but he was glad for the punishment. He richly deserved being down here. Of course, he would be sacked now. Perhaps even executed. Perhaps it was for the best. Snape stood and cradled his head for a long time. His mind was full of images of a little, innocent 11-year old girl with bushy hair and large front teeth, laying dead in a pool of blood, murdered at his hand; and an almost grown woman with beautiful thick hair and perfect, rosy lips offering herself to him. He could not seem to separate the images, yet they would not combine. He tried to cling to the little girl, but the memory of her womanly curves pressed into him on the floor came unbidden. Where it earlier had been overshadowed by the need to drink her blood, the physical closeness overwhelmed him now. Snape could not remember the last time someone had touched him, or he had touched anyone else, for that matter, other than to separate students in dark corners or fighting in the corridors. Especially a woman - girl. Lily… Had she been the last one? 22 years… Again, the feeling of Miss Granger's breasts pressed to his chest rose up in his mind, and he snapped. " No! " Snape whirled and slammed his clenched fist into the wall behind him. His blood trickling down the stones made him forget the scene a little, so he hit again. And again. And again. Until he finally sank down onto the floor, exhausted. That was how Dumbledore found him when he ventured down early in the morning the next day. "Are you awake?" Snape did not look at him, but kept his head lowered. "What is it to be, Headmaster? Dementor's Kiss? Or am I to be staked and burnt?" "It is extraordinary to see how you are so willing to offer up your life now, as you fought so hard for it but a few hours ago." Snape offered no reply. The headmaster sighed. "What exactly happened?" he asked in a world-weary voice, and transfigured his hat into a plush, comfortable-looking armchair in Gryffindor colours before he sat down. Snape got to his feet and begun pacing in the limited space. He did not have his wand on him - not that he expected Dumbledore to be that careless. "You were there, Dumbledore," he snarled. "I do not believe an explanation is necessary". The headmaster just looked solemnly at him over the ridge of his half-moon glasses. Snape threw his hands up in the air, defeated and exasperated. He knew that look. "I was finishing up my rounds, and when I got to the staircase I found Miss Granger laying there. I healed her head and was about to bring her to the Hospital Wing when she turned and smeared her… blood… all over my hand. So I called you. That's all there is to it," he finished with vigour, and finally stopped pacing. His feet were planted in a broad, defensive stance, and he folded his arms severely. None of them mentioned that Snape had not been on patrol duty that night. Dumbledore finally sighed. "I must say, Severus, that I had hoped to avoid an incident such as this. But, Miss Granger doesn't remember much, and it is possible that she will not put the pieces together." Snape snorted. "Granger? If there is a secret or mystery or simply a question she doesn't know the answer to within two feet of her, she is at its tail like a hound hunting down a fox." The old man folded his hands quietly and hummed noncommittally. "Severus, I must ask you. You did not set out to meet with the girl?" The question received him a glare from his employee. "No, headmaster, I certainly did not. Have you so little faith in me?" Snape fisted his hands where they were crossed tightly over his chest. Dumbledore continued watching him for a little while, but finally relented. "Very well. We shall not speak of this night again, if it isn't strictly necessary. No one must know," he said sharply. "But I shall be watching you, Severus, make no mistake of that. Watching you very closely indeed." A/N: Hello! Thank you so much for reading this first chapter of By The Window. I'm so excited to be posting this story, though I must warn you, it will be a painfully slow process. But, please, let me know what you think of the beginning!