possibly have never met you." "We would have met," Sirius insisted. "I would never have stopped looking for you. I used to visit town and shake everyone's hand just searching for you and hoping that that would be the day that my soulmate would appear and we could run away together - leave Slytherin behind us - and be happy." Remus smiled at the idea. "I'm glad you didn't find your soulmate sooner because if it was one of them, I'd have missed out on you. Sirius, I can't wait to find out what we can have together. I know that right now I'm stuck in bed until Mum lets me—" "Us," Sirius interrupted. "She said I have to stay in bed too and recover." Remus chuckled. "Us," he corrected himself. "Until Mum lets us leave, but everything I know about you now tells me that you're perfect. You're beautiful, smart and caring. I believe you have a good heart. You're a good man and more than I could ever have hoped for in a soulmate." Sirius leaned up, looking down at Remus, his eyes wide. "Really? You're happy with me?" Remus reached up, his fingers gently grabbing a handful of Sirius' top and pulling him down. "Really," he murmured. Sirius' eyes closed as his face got closer to Remus' and Remus, even with the injury that made it painful to move, leaned up and closed the distance, letting their lips brush together. His heart pounded hard against his chest and his breathing was shaky, but the kiss was perfect. Sirius' lips were soft and Sirius' fingers gently stroked down Remus' face. It was just a simple brush of their lips but Remus had never felt more alive than at that moment. "Sirius," he whispered softly. "Do you feel that?" Sirius nodded slightly, not wanting to move his face away. "There's never been anything in my life as perfect as that kiss," he whispered back, not wanting to break the moment with being too loud. "And if such a gentle kiss was so perfect, imagine what the rest of the kisses will be like." Remus smiled. "We'll have to test them all out." "Not just kisses," Sirius continued, his whispers turning into a rough murmur that sent shivers through Remus' body. "Imagine all the other things I could do to you." "Like what?" Remus found himself asking. Fingers trailed down his chest. "I can think of a few things," Sirius said. "You lay still and try and recover and I'll show you." Remus could only nod his head, causing Sirius to smirk and lower his head so his lips pressed against Remus' shoulder, his chest and his stomach. As Sirius gently pulled Remus' trousers down, Remus knew that staying still for whatever Sirius was going to do would be the hardest thing ever. Well… the second hardest thing, he thought, crudely. ...oOo... The queen was looking over a report from the kingdom when she felt the presence. She turned her head and almost screamed at the sight of a man in her room. "I will call the guard," she threatened. "You won't," came the reply and the man stepped forward, lowering his hood. Her eyes widened. "Sirius!" "Mother." She composed herself quickly. "My dear son. I've missed you greatly. I thought you were dead. I thought you were murdered by someone—" "By the assassins you sent," Sirius interrupted. "I'm going to give you a choice, mother. A choice like you never gave me." "A… choice?" her expression hardened upon knowledge that Sirius knew she had tried to have him killed. "Yes. You see, when the assassins turned up that night, my hand brushed the skin of one of the men. I found my soulmate that night. When the other assassin tried to kill me, he stepped in the way of the blade, willing to give his life to protect me." Walburga watched her son carefully as she rose from her seat. "How… touching," she said, her voice implying it was anything but. "Do you now what assassins do to those that threaten the lives of their soulmates?" Sirius continued. "We have rules. Death is the most popular option," came another voice that caused Walburga to jump. "You plan on killing me?" she asked, her voice going hoarse. "Your own mother." "Don't pull that. You attempted to kill me twice before sending assassins after me," Sirius snapped. "But I'm going to give you a choice, Mother. Regulus was crowned yesterday. He's now king and he could be a good one without you. Either you leave. You move far away and you give up all of your power." "Or?" "Your second option is for me to return here and kill you," Remus murmured. "And no matter how many guards you have or how many locks, I will find a way to you and I will take your life. Slowly. Painfully. I will make you regret every cruel word that came my soulmate's way. Every word of doubt. Every punishment you gave him. Every time he was locked away. You will suffer for hours. You will beg for death by the time I'm done with you. You will die slowly." "Leave or die?" Walburga asked, her voice shaking slightly though it was clear she was trying to contain her emotions. Sirius nodded his head. "It may not be my soulmate. Wherever you hide, there is someone in the guild that has the talents to find you and kill you. There are people there that can track your every move if we require." "I'll be back in a month," Sirius replied. "I wish to see my brother again and let him know I'm alive and happy in my new life. I plan to stay dead in the eyes of the rest of his kingdom, but he can know the truth. You will not be here." He stepped back into the shadows and Walburga heard the quiet sound of the window opening. Review Please :)