Kingdom and so on. Plus there are more years at this school. If everyone turned up at the same time, there would be chaos. With the timetable, students turn up with their own year and the professors here can focus on one year group and assign rooms at a time rather than taking on too much." Sirius couldn't argue with that. It made too much sense. The pair chatted as they unpacked their belongings and Remus finished first. Remus sat on his bed, watching as Sirius cleared his trunk all of the way to the bottom. "Who are those people in the photos?" Remus asked as Sirius shoved them onto the side table and shut his trunk. Sirius turned back to the photos, grabbing them up and sitting next to Remus. "James, Peter and me," he said, glancing at his friends and feeling sad again. Once entering the room, he had barely thought about them due to his excitement over sharing with Remus. "My best friends." Remus reached out for the picture. "You all look happy." "James won a Quidditch game," Sirius said with a sigh. He let Remus examine the picture as he glanced at the next one. "These are all of me and my friends at Hogwarts." The pair looked through the pictures with Sirius telling Remus about each one until they reached the end. "And you have some pictures too?" Sirius gestured to the photos next to Remus' bed. Remus nodded. "The first one if of my mum, dad and me. It was taken before I… we all look so happy there. The other one was taken on my sixteenth birthday. Sixteen is an important birthday in the Muggle world." "You all look so happy in that one too," Sirius pointed out. "Your parents look really nice. They clearly dote on you." He felt envious of the way the people were hugging Remus. His own parents never treated him like that. Remus clearly worked that out for himself as he put a hand on Sirius' shoulder. "They are… but I'm sure you already know that family doesn't end in blood. Sometimes family are the people we choose for ourselves." ...oOo... Dining was a whole new experience. Hogwarts occasionally had their choir out, but it was nothing compared to the music played by the wood-nymphs in the dining hall. They played beautiful music from instruments they created themselves. Sirius enjoyed the music as he took a seat at an empty table with Remus. "Do they put food out on the tables like at Hogwarts?" Remus shook his head. "A menu will appear on your plate. It's got something for everyone so you don't need to worry about not liking anything. The desserts are amazing here. I eat so much chocolate that I fear I'll put on weight." "Hey. Are you Sirius Black? The new student? Why don't you join us?" Sirius turned around, spotting a group of students starting to sit at the next table. They looked to be around his age and he smiled at them, liking the prospect of making more friends. He glanced at Remus but his friend was looking away. "Remus?" "You go ahead," Remus murmured. Sirius quickly assessed the situation. The group had arrived after them and not joined them. Sirius realised that the invitation was only for him and not Remus. "I'll stay here with my friend," Sirius said. He smiled at Remus. "Have some faith, love. I'm not going anywhere." Remus smiled back and Sirius shifted his chair slightly closer, trying to think of something to say that would impress Remus. He was saved when he heard the scrape of a chair. They both looked over to where three people were joining their table. "Cousin," Andromeda said, glancing between the pair. "Andy," he said warmly, leaning over and hugging her. "You look surprised." Andromeda and her friends sat down at the table. "Clearly Mother doesn't trust me with the news. These are my friends, Béatrice and Ted." "Wait. Didn't you go to Hogwarts?" Sirius asked suspiciously, his gaze lingering on Ted. Ted looked innocent and shrugged, shaking his head though his smile gave him away. "I'm a new student here," he replied instead. "Us newbies should stick together." Sirius grinned and nodded. "This is my friend and roommate, Remus." "It's a pleasure to meet you," Andromeda said. "So, when we write home to our family, I'm sure neither of us has any news to share?" she asked, pointedly. "You wound me," Sirius murmured. "You know I just want you to be happy." "My apologies." She had the decency to look ashamed of her words. "I am so used to our family being… I forget that a few of us are different. You look happy. It's a good look on you." "As do you. I will of course inform my mother of your Pureblood friend, Béatrice, and how she's making an excellent impression on you." "And I will inform my mother that you're shunning those with lower blood," Andromeda said with a giggle. Before they could talk more, the candles on each table lit up. "Now we stand," Remus muttered to Sirius. They all stood, and Sirius was very aware of his arm pressed against Remus'. He felt nervous. Not because of the new school and people. Not because the headmistress was formidable and quite frightening compared to Professor Dumbledore. No. It was because his fingers had brushed against Remus' and all he could think about was holding Remus' hand. "I'm very single too," Remus whispered, not looking at him. Sirius grinned, letting his fingers gently curl around Remus' as he shifted so their hands were out of sight. He glanced at his cousin and noticed she was doing the same. They shared a smile before turning their attention back to the headmistress. Maybe coming to Beauxbatons was the best thing that had ever happened to them. 2982 words I kinda want to write more based around Sirius meeting Remus in Beauxbatons...