and straightened. Hesitant, he finally looked up in Andre's direction and fixed him with his beautiful eyes full of tears. The gentle smile he then saw on the young cop's face warmed him up a bit. His odd accent was probably a part of that change too. Dre offered him his hand. Harry grabbed it and hoisted himself out of the wardrobe. The kid was cute with his chubby cheeks and small hands. However, Dre soon felt a sticky fluid on his palm. Blood. Looking at Harry closely, the young cop noticed the lightning-bolt-shaped scar on the kid's forehead from which the red liquid was seeping. It troubled him. Did the murderer do that? "I'm gonna call my superior kiddo, he'll help ye." Dre said in a smooth tone, putting his clean hand on Harry's shoulder in a comforting way. Harry softly nodded and the cop called for Dumbledore. The detective was studying Lily Potter's body with McGonagall when Agent Head called for him. The modus operandi of the killer had been the same with the woman. Fast, clean, precise, she couldn't have resisted either and he had the strong feeling that the Potter's knew their killer. He had been welcomed. But more than that, something bothered him. Lily Potter bothered him. As he came around, Dumbledore got up and told Minerva to keep performing fluid tests on the body. He was intrigued by what the newbie had discovered and left the room at a quick pace. Dumbledore's heart skipped a beat once he reached Harry's bedroom as he certainly hadn't expected to found what, or who, awaited him. There, in the middle of the room, stood a cute little boy with dark hair and green eyes who was like two peas in a pod with his father. It abruptly reminded him of James, stirring something deep inside, but now wasn't the right time to be nostalgic, especially when such a miracle had occurred: Lily and James' only child was alive. Andre Head pushed to his feet at the sight of Dumbledore and told him what happened since he had left the room with James corpse's in. "I call'd for ye straight away, Sir." He ended up saying, gently stroking Harry's hair. The detective nodded, approving of his behaviour, and walked towards Harry. He then squatted in front of him and smiled. It was a genuine smile. "Hi, Harry. My name is Albus." Harry stayed quiet, his eyes riveted on Albus' moon-shaped glasses. He was captivated. Dumbledore raised his eyebrows in surprise and pointed his glasses out with a finger. Harry slightly tilted his head up and down and Albus removed the object in order to give it to him. His cuteness was worth a ride and could almost make one forget the bloody situation they were all in. "How old are you, my boy?" Albus smoothly asked. With his small hands, Harry folded and unfolded the arms of the glasses but he soon stopped and looked at the detective. "Almost six." he shyly answered. "Oh—" Albus scratched his chin. He was pensive, thinking about how he possibly could broach the subject of the murderer with Harry. Indeed, he had no children and was currently walking on eggs. It made him think that Hogwarts' Police Academy should have a course focused on the treatment of juvenile victims but he didn't have his say as he wasn't the headmaster yet. "Tell me, my boy, do you remember how you did that to yourself?" Albus inquired, motioning to Harry's scar. Once again, the kid's eyes filled up with tears and his cheeks turned red. The detective, quite embarrassed, clumsily took Harry in his arms and Dre crouched down again to stroke his back. A few minutes passed and the cries eventually stopped but the noises they had made had drawn the attention of Minerva and Hagrid, now standing on the threshold of Harry's room. Well, the giant was already in to be accurate as he couldn't stand next to the middle-aged woman in the doorway. "Minerva, Hagrid, let me introduce you to Harry." Dumbledore stated, twisting his head around to look at them. "Hi~" Hagrid awkwardly said, waving to Harry who smiled back at him. His bedroom, which was already small, looked packed like a sardine can with the giant inside. Hagrid had to tilt down his head in order to avoid the ceiling. Minerva, however, contented herself with smiling at Harry, which didn't surprise Dre even if she used to be more ice-cold than warm and kind. "I was asking Harry how he hurt himself." Albus resumed. A strangled sound escaped from Hagrid's throat. That was all that remained of his eloquence. "That's terrible, Albus. Does it hurt?" Minerva asked with a worried tone, looking at Harry. Still grabbing the detective's glasses, the boy nodded. "Someone did that," he whispered, "a shadow." At that point, they all came to the conclusion that the murderer had hidden his face, making his recognition almost impossible. "Come on, Harry. We should clean this scratch." Albus stated, getting up and gently taking back his glasses. He then motioned to Hagrid to take care of the kid, which he did by taking him into his arms. Harry didn't balk as he was itching to grab Hagrid's beard. They left the room, Dre in tow. Hagrid took care of sparring Harry from seeing his parents when they walked by the others rooms. "If I remember correctly, his mother had an older sister. We should call her." Dumbledore whispered once he was alone with McGonagall. Without knowing it, the Detective had just set the wheels in motion. Thank you for reading me! I hope you enjoyed. The next chapter is untitled "Homes". It takes me some time to write as I'm not an English native and overbooked. Please, be patient I also want to thank a very good friend of mine, Emily Everson, for her help as she reads and corrects me. See you soon dear reader, Nezumi