we're at worse filth with no rights, at best, highly intelligent animals to be treated like dullard children. Lily's words there..." Petunia sighed as she began rocking the girl in her arms, "In the magical world your name was Harriet Lily Potter, heiress to the Most Ancient and Noble House of Potter." Violet broke the embrace to stare at Petunia incredulously as she scrunched up her nose in disgust, "Harriet? Seriously? That's a terrible name!" Snorting in amusement Petunia nodded slowly in agreement, "Both Lily and I agreed, we wanted to keep up the Evans family tradition and name you Violet, but James' parents would have nothing of it. You had to be named after an English king as was Potter family tradition and all. Lily though...Lily was a very very clever woman." Grinning she pulled Violet closer as she continued her tale, "When it was found out your family was being targeted Lily, with the help of your Godfather Sirius who was a consummate prankster in his own right, made a side plan. "Essentially, if anything should happen to them, you'd be known in the real world not as Harriet Lily Potter, but as Violet Marie Evans, my...daughter. You see dear Pure-blood magicals are...arrogant, ridiculously arrogant, and it would never occur to them that a witch of your standing, of your breeding, would deign to take on a muggles name over their magical one." Violet was quiet for a time before her clever little mind finally processed all of this new and unwanted information, after a few minutes of silence she finally spoke in return. "That's it then, Lily and James were killed, and I needed to go into hiding..." Petunia sighed while nodding, "About it, yes dear." Violet cocked her head to the side in confusion before asking, "Why did you get involved though? Why did you take me in if the same crazy guy could eventually come back for me?" Petunia ran a hand through Violet's hair a moment before shaking her head slowly, "Because I love you silly. You're not just my niece, you're my goddaughter, and my daughter in my mind at least. I don't understand the mechanics of it all but if we're together you're protected from that...man and his followers, and so I did my best to make sure you grew up happy. "I...I'm telling you this all because yesterday you received your letter from Hogwarts, the magical school for British witches and wizards-" "Hogwarts? Seriously? That sounds disgusting!" Violet interrupted with an incredulous yelp, Petunia laughed as she nodded in agreement. "Lily said the same thing, but apparently it is the best school in Europe when it comes to learning magic, and...well...we're not given any choice in the matter. It's a boarding school in Scotland and you'll spend the better part of nine months out of the year there and-" "But I want to stay here with you! I don't want to go to Scotland! I don't want to go to a boarding school for nearly a year! I like my powers but they aren't worth losing you! I don't want to go!' Petunia sniffed and glanced aside as her daughter began crying into her shoulder, running her hand down the girl back she could only hold her a bit tighter as she whispered, "They don't care love. They'll make you go...or...or they'll make me forget about you..." Violet froze, hell, the entire room felt like it froze as she calmly whispered, "What?" Petunia shook her head slowly as she explained, "Lily was excited about going to Hogwarts as well, until she found out she was essentially being sent to the middle of nowhere for seven years. She decided that she didn't want to go, that's when the Headmaster showed up and explained that if she didn't agree to go there were only two options for her. Either her magic was bound, which would kill her by the time she was thirty, or...her family would have all memory of her removed and she would be forcibly relocated to a magical orphanage..." Violet was quiet for a long while, eventually she finally found her voice though she still sounded a bit too calm for the turmoil that was roiling inside of her, "They would do that to us?" Petunia sighed a bit before nodding, "Yes love, they would..." The small Evans family held onto each other for well over an hour, eventually Violet broke her death grip around her mum as she evenly met her gaze, she flicked her tongue across dry lips while shifting her glasses aside to wipe her eyes before speaking. "I'll...go...I'll go to this school, but the moment I'm done, the moment I'm free, I'm coming home and never going back. Their world...they took my birth parents...and...and if they really treat real normal people like playthings...I just...mum? Is it bad that I want nothing to do with them?" Petunia smiled while shaking her head slowly, "Not at all love. You are bright beyond your years and I don't doubt that you're able to make proper decisions, and just know that no matter what, I'll be proud of you." With that Violet Evans nodded slowly, and the manipulations of two power hungry old men suddenly became completely and utterly pointless. They both coveted or despised everything Harriet Potter represented and would warp the world and political landscape to twist her to their goals. Little did they realize, The-Girl-Who-Lived had never, and would never, exist. So this story is going to follow a rather interesting format through the majority of it, namely we're going to be passing through the years via letters home from Violet to Petunia, and later on to Sirius and the Granger parents. Why? Because I've never done anything like that before, and I really don't feel like going through the early years scene by scene when it's Order of the Phoenix on that I really want to focus on. Anyway, love it, hate it, review it please.