the next minute he was… Harry looked around him grumpily as he plucked leaves and thorns out of his hair. "In a bloody forest. Great…" He spoke aloud and looked around him for a moment, taking in the greenery, the way the trees stood so evenly apart, and how there was calf high ground cover everywhere, some with little white flowers. They were small trees, thin and white barked with eye shaped knots in their trunks. One of the eyes blinked at him and Harry, not sure that he saw what he saw, blinked back. When he opened his eyes, he was lying in his bed at the Dursley's. The cupboard door was cracked letting in just enough light to make out the tattered cot he was laying on. Was it a dream? He didn't think so... It had felt so real! He quickly looked down at his hands and traced the reddened scratch marks from the thorny bush he'd fallen into. How did he get back here? Suddenly, Harry felt as if someone had dumped a bucket of ice water over his head and he felt all of the blood rush from his face. He did it again. He did the "funny business" Uncle Dursley was talking about. Maybe he really was a freak... What if his Uncle found out? Would he drown him this time, like he'd threatened? No one would notice , Harry thought and silently pulled his cupboard door closed. He pulled his knees up to his chest and hugged them tightly as he cried into his pillow. A small spider hid in the smallest corner of the cupboard and watched with all of its eyes, noting the small tremors of the young one. It pulled a gossamer thread and lowered itself down to begin a new web. The youngling liked his webs and always smiled and exclaimed over how pretty they were. He would make a new one so that when the young one woke, there would be something beautiful waiting for him. Harry tossed restlessly in his sleep as he dreamt of strange creatures and their war. Catherine's face flashed between scenes of long arguments at a large table. He could feel the Librarian there with him, his presence nudging him in a certain direction. It felt like moving through tree sap, thick, layered, and sticky. Eventually the dreams stopped and his subconscious drifted into natural sleep. The spider worked well into the evening and by morning, an intricate copper web hung in the corner of the cupboard. When Harry woke, he smiled as he caught its glimmer as he was rubbing his puffy eyes. The spider was nowhere to be seen. oOo A clawed hand slapped the table loudly, causing the siege markers to topple and a few of the others round the table to flinch. "I don't care what you cold bloods think! We need to attack with force!" The man shouting shook his long flaxen hair in annoyance revealing sharply pointed ears. His elegantly sweeping brows were furrowed over honey brown eyes that were glaring at the table. Firelight flickering from the stone room's wall sconces cast shifting shadows across his fine features and enhanced his high cheek bones. He sat back in his chair and adjusted his dark blue deer-skinned jacket and brushed invisible dust off of his brown deerskin pants while his boot covered foot tapped against the floor in agitation. "Of coursssse thhhhat'sss what you thhhiink Kail," a sibilant voice spoke from beneath a deep hooded yellow robe. "Your fondnessss for the-" "That's quite enough, from the both of you," a short woman with long auburn hair spoke softly from her seat at the war table; all who heard it winced in pain as the magic in her voice was so heavy, it was almost unbearable to hear. "This war will be over before it starts if we cannot become united in our cause." "Indeed. If we fight we must fight together. The Goblins of Grilwak will stand and fight." The leathery skinned goblin grinned wickedly around the table. A happy voice sounded from behind a long and scruffy beard. "We Dwarves will not be joining this battle, life is too short for this." The small stocky man pushed away from the table and left to find his comrades. The goblin barked out a laugh, "Ha! Dwarves, it was unlikely they would join. They're like children, no sense of importance for things larger than themselves. That one will probably be dead tomorrow." "What of Catherine?" a formless shadow whispered from the corner of the dimly lit room. Everyone around the war table went quiet. The silence was tense and uncomfortable, drifting on for several minutes. "The Feylin say that she is recovering, but the magic surrounding her is fading. We will know by dawn if she will live," Khail murmured tucking a strand of his hair behind a pointed ear hiding his sadness behind a mask of indifference. "They betrayed her, they betrayed us, and this is price that magic asks." oOo The Librarian, or better known by his official title, The Arch, sighed and settled back in his large, cushioned office chair. He rubbed his temples, trying to relieve the growing headache he felt there. The child's mind was difficult to navigate. Some of sort of spell had been cast on him to prevent entry from anyone other than the caster. The Arch scratched at the scales on his scalp and shook his head. "Harry Potter, you have no idea how important you are… No idea." oOo Writer's Note: A special thank you to my Beta/Alpha Team, lotrspnfangirl and DarkLadyEris, you guys make this possible! Thank you to my readers for your patience, I hope you like the "Unusual Circumstances" new rewrite. As usual everything that belongs to J.K. Rowling is hers and any ideas that may coincide with other sources/fiction belongs to their prospective owners under copyright. I'm just a fangirl. A squealing, helpless, impulsive, fangirl.