to is I prepared a sacrificial rune in Harry's room, if I'm killed defending him an ancient protection will envelope him guarding him from his mother's killer. It's some pretty intense blood magic (and completely illegal, so it should appeal to you Sev!) but long story made short as long as my blood relations live the protections should hold so just make sure no one murders that bitch sister of mine and we're good. Now on to the second and more questionable layer of my protections, everyone is going to be looking for Harry James Potter, that's a given. If my theory holds true and Voldemort is ended with this there's a good chance the bastard will come back, again, (Lets be honest here we shot him apart with a bloody Thompson and he pulled himself back together in minutes) so I needed an extra shield over my child. Harry is now a girl, the potion and spell I cast on him involved a lot of understanding in the muggle field of genetics so I'm not even going to pretend you two will grasp the finesse involved and simply move on to the facts. Everyone will be looking for Harry James Potter, a boy, no one will be looking for the pure-blood daughter of Sirus Black, one Lillith Jamie Black (James insists that you'd name your kid after us in such a fashion, I agree with him you're rather predictable Padfoot). So that's the burden we place on you two, raise our daughter, keep her away from the puppet masters and make her a force to be reckoned with. Amelia Bones is in on my little scheme and has agreed to it since she already made the questionable decision to marry you Padfoot, so hit Gringotts first thing, sign the absolute shite tonne of paperwork I have set aside for the legal name changes, adoptions, and various other things the powers that be shouldn't know about and go underground for a few years. I love you two idiots, try not to kill each other before Lillith hits her age of majority, Love, Lils, and Prongs. The two men sat in silence for a time before exchanging glances, sighing Sirius stood and approached the crib with the now fitfully sleeping baby. Looking back at Snape he eventually said, "Lets get some sleep, we'll hit Gringotts first thing in the morning and sign everything over, you take care of Lillith while I corner Amy and clear my name. After that we'll...we'll figure something out..." Nodding slowly in agreement Severus then asked a rather pertinent question, "Do you have any idea how to change a nappie?" Brows knitting together Sirius uttered a succinct, "Fuck," well, they were already off to a good start. October 31, 1986 Lillith Black was a very bored young witch, her daddy had to cancel their plans for the evening to come to her nasty dead grandma's home because as daddy put it "The crazy old bint had to buy it when I finally had a clear schedule." So she was stuck here while her mummy and daddy took care of the 'tagging and bagging', whatever that meant, so she began wandering about the creepy old place. She'd already had to punch the insane house elf in the face twice, the second time she'd cast a body binding hex on him so hopefully that wasn't an issue anymore, thank Merlin. Most of the doors were locked since as mummy put it, "This place is a hop, skip and a jump away from an insane asylum," she'd have to tell Neville, Susan and Daphne about it later since she wasn't wrong. While they were all pure-bloods like her none of them had stuffed house elf heads above their mantles, grandma Walburga must have been an even bigger nutter than daddy let on. Eventually she found her way to a set of stairs leading up to an attic, unlike Potter Manor where her parents and Uncle Sev raised her this place's attic was terrifying; everything was cast in dusty shadows and she felt unclean just being here. Noticing that the only bit of furniture not caked in filth was an old wooden chest Lilly walked up to it and tried to lift its lid, despite her efforts she couldn't make it budge. Truly annoyed she punched the brass lock as her temper got the best of her as was its wont, gasping at the pain she caused herself she noticed her knuckles were seeping blood, daddy would yell at her for that later she was sure. Unbeknownst to her the flecks of blood she left on the lock were absorbed into the tarnished brass, after a time there was a series of clicks as the lock snapped off and the trunk flew open, Lilly looked up just in time to have a small body hurled at her. Flying across the room now holding onto a still form Lilly began screaming incoherently, this was not normal, not at all, still screaming eventually her voice failed her. She could hear feet stomping up flights of stairs but she ignored that as the small girl so rudely thrown at her snapped her lilac eyes open. "Hi, who are you and what are you doing here?" Calming down Lilly cocked her head to the side then replied, "Err...I'm Lillith Black. Grandma Walburga died so daddy has to take care of her stuff." As Sirius and Amelia entered the room the new arrival sat up and glanced at the near identical raven haired girl in confusion, "I'm Bellatrix Black, Auntie Walburga died? How she was so young?" Hearing a coughing gasp behind her Lilly turned around to see her dad rasp out, "What in the holy hell?!" Before passing out falling into the arms of an equally befuddled Amelia Black. Turning back to Bellatrix Lilly grinned sheepishly, "Err...do you like quiditch?" I always liked this story, I'm going to rework all the chapters before updating, enjoy.