then?" "Three O.W.L.s each, 'Mione. Mum isn't pleased at all." Ginny shrugged, though Spencer only laughed. "That's because they only wanted to pass those classes, Gin. The twins could have easily breezed by all their classes if they'd actually wanted to." Spencer grinned crookedly at them, eyes sparkling in mischief and a bit of pride at her psychotic best friends. She missed Katie, though. The insanity the four of them could get up to was beyond belief. "You should see some of the stuff they've come up with. They're brilliant, I swear." "Ah, if only Mum would agree with you there. But we appreciate it regardless, Vexxie." George grinned widely at her when she jumped, not having heard the pair come downstairs. "Hullo Hermione! Doing alright?" "I'm well, thanks. Glad to see you both still have all your limbs attached." Hermione laughed, to which Ginny let out a snort. "Course we do, we'd be significantly less pretty without our arms. And a lot less effective on the Quidditch Pitch, now that I think about it." Fred chortled, winking and patting his twin on the shoulder. "Oh, I dunno. Losing a few fingers might be good for your ego, Freddie." Spencer shot, blinking innocently at his affronted expression while George laughed heartily. "My ego? What about George, then?" Fred asked, frowning between his twin and the tiny, grinning blonde. He pondered if tickle torture was legal or not, but after realizing that Spencer would get him back tenfold, thought better of it. "George is alright, mostly. At least he doesn't chatter incessantly about his sexual conquests like you seem to do all the time." Spencer shrugged, holding back her laughter. Fred's eyes bulged, protesting loudly while his twin roared with laughter at his expense. Spencer couldn't help her laughter then, when Ron and Ginny made equally disgusted faces of disbelief at her comment. "Should have sold you to the zoo when we had the chance." He grumbled, which only made Spencer laugh harder. "Gonna go find out the black market value for miniature blonde slaves." "You can't sell me, Freddie, as I'm the only one who can brew some of your shiftier potions." Her grin only got wider when he huffed, conceding his defeat. "And besides, you'd go for a lot more money than I would. Granted Ginny would go for the most, what with that hair and all." Ginny looked at her, startled, but Spencer only patted her shoulder, assuring her that she wasn't planning on selling the youngest red headed girl anytime soon. With a giggle, Hermione took hold of the smallest Weasley girl's arm and led her upstairs, followed by Ron and Harry, both laughing boisterously at Fred's expense. It wasn't often someone got the upper hand on the twins, so Spencer and her sass was always appreciated in the Weasley home. Still laughing, George led the other two back up the stairs to the Laboratory, with Fred muttering colorful insults under his breath the entire way up. Chapter 1 Word Count: 8,174 Date of Publication: 11 February, 2017 A long authors note; Hi hello! I'm back! I haven't written a Harry Potter fic in at least five years, so this is really very exciting for me. I've got a lot of ideas swirling around in my brain, and I'd like to try to get them all down. I have a number of goals in mind, especially regarding word count. If I can get to 100k by the end of chapter eight, I'll be thrilled. That said, to any fellow writers that happen to be reading this, I MASSIVELY suggest looking into a program called Quoll Writer, it's doing wonders for my ability to keep shit organized. It's lovely, truly. So. I've decided to make a few changes in terms of canon, though the majority of the story still loosely follows the general canon. This fic is going to revolve around the twins and co, so the Golden Trio won't really be featured quite as much. (Though I do like the idea of Spencer being friends with Harry, so we'll see. Anyway.) In terms of canon changes, here's a few I can give you right away to both ease anxiety and to clarify: I swapped Katie Bell and Alicia Spinnet in terms of year. As Spencer is on the Gryffindor Quidditch Team, I've also made Alicia a reserve player. She'll still make an appearance, of course, but she's not quite as major a player as the rest. This fic will also, ultimately, be Fratie-centric alongside George and Spencer. While this IS a predominately George/Spencer fic, I'd like to get into the other relationships and friendships of the group, so it doesn't seem like just a dragging romance. It's a lot more than a romance. I actually have a plot in mind. (Crazy right? The hell is a plot anyway?!) Aside from a few spoilers that I can't give, obviously, I can tell you that I will in no way be killing off either twin, so you can breathe your sigh of relief now. I'm working out a few kinks with future plot stuff, so I'm not a hundred percent on a few other canonical deaths, but I'll let you know what I decide. Also fuck canon, I refuse to believe that George and Angelina end up together. Nope. Not having any of that nonsense. I decided to start with Book 4 because of some of the events that take place. Namely the Yule Ball. That and it fits my timeline better. That way when I do reach OotP, I'll have a good deal already set in motion and it'll be substantially easier to understand. Less plot holes, as well. I'm keeping word count and publication date in my end authors notes for personal reasons, as I've had a bit of trouble recently with a person claiming my work as theirs. Needless to say, I'm not pleased about that. I think that's it for now, though. Please review! -Neffa