Lilly broke the protection charm his/her mother placed on them while simultaneously unanchoring more then a decades worth of pent up blood magic. What Dumbledore couldn't quite figure out just yet was where that energy had gone, with a rebound of this magnitude it would have to go back to person who had been leaching their magic, and since young Lilly's head hadn't exploded well... Seeing as there was no reason to linger before the destroyed home he apparated to the nearest connection to the floo network and re-entered his office; pacing back and forth he kept trying to figure out how to protect Lilly without the ancient magics he'd had her under for nearly a decade and a half. What truly worried him was that if his growing suspicions on the nature of her scar were true then the buffer her mothers sacrifice had offered was gone. Now contemplating the idea that the newly minted young ladies mind was being infected by a soul fragment of one of the most vile and misguided wizards of the day he was soon interrupted by the unannounced arrival of Severus. Meeting the Headmaster's gaze the potion's master shook his head as he sat in one of the open chairs, "I know you have words for me for my actions and for once...I may have to admit I overstepped my bounds, things have...happened to the Dark Lord that we need to discuss, please summon Minerva, she'll need to hear about this as well since it involves one of her students." That...that was not expected from the normally condescending and taciturn man, especially with anything involved with young Harry...or...now Lilly...maybe things hadn't changed that much after all. "Very well Severus, am I to assume this involves what happened to young Miss Potter?" Wincing at that the man nodded, shifting his twinkling gaze to Fawkes he bade him retrieve his Deputy Headmistress as the pair sat in silence, eventually Minerva entered the room and began staring daggers at her fellow house head. Taking her seat next to Severus they sat in uncomfortable quiet for a time, eventually the black haired man sighed and spoke, "As you are aware Headmaster shortly after Lil...Miss Potters unfortunate accident I was summoned to attend the Dark Lord, what I arrived to could only be described as utter chaos. Well over half of Malfoy Manor has been leveled by some massive magical attack that seemed to be centered directly on the Dark lord." Both of the elder professors peaked up at this bit of news, popping a lemon drop into his mouth Dumbledore motioned for the man to continue, shifting uneasily while glancing at Minerva Severus sighed then dropped his head into his hands. After a few moment he lifted his head and resumed his tale, "It would appear that a rather violent rebound from a broken blood seal had been directed towards the Dark Lord and mangled his body, while he's recovering he's suffered some...mutations to his form that no one can explain. "The other Death Eaters are scrambling to do damage control but not even Lucius's gold is going to make the Auror's ignore half his mansion being blown apart, I suspect this has something to do with Miss Potter's accident but I'm not sure how." Albus sat there dumbfounded, after a moment he began chuckling shaking his head in realization, "The magics Lily placed on Harry upon her death were fueled by a blood seal placed in his Aunt and Uncle's home, and yes I'm aware that its a darker magic that causes instability in ones temperament, its why I always gave him such leeway." Minerva interrupted him as her Scottish brogue began to break through, "You put a blood seal on an infants magic core!?" Sighing he nodded, really he couldn't defend himself much here, she was right to be angry, "Indeed I did Minerva, at the time the protection Lily placed on Harry was the only thing protecting him from Tom, we had no idea if he was truly gone for good and I was short on options, bringing him back to the wizarding world and leaving him with the Longbottom's or Bones' as his parents wished would have only made them targets. And considering what happened to Frank and Alice..." She didn't have a response to that, feeling his years once again he continued with his theory, "'Bone of the father, unknowingly given, you will renew your son. Flesh of the servant, willingly given, you will revive your master. Blood of the enemy, forcibly taken, you will resurrect your foe.' These are the words spoken by Peter Pettigrew as he resurrected Tom's body..." He was met with silence as both his faculty members came to their own conclusions, nodding he popped another lemon drop while smiling slightly. "I'm unsure how much you two know about the muggle sciences but in the study of genetics there are two sets of chromosomes for a male, XX from the mother and XY from the father..." Pausing to really consider the implications he couldn't help but laugh at the situation, "The magics that Harry had running through his body must have sensed the rebound and did the quickest thing it could to his already transforming body...it overwrote the Y, no longer being the prime candidate for the rebound the magic turned to the closest blood link available..." Severus stared at him for a moment then nodded, leaning back in his chair he crossed his arms then gave a half hearted snort, "Well...that would explain why the Dark Lord has a rather smashing set of tits now," it took nearly a minute for Minerva to get the lemon drop out of the now chocking headmasters throat. This was a monumental pain to edit and I'm sure I missed several things, I'll give it another look over later this week but considering I'm doing this redux thing for fun I wouldn't hold my breath. Anyway, hope you enjoyed, please review!