sorry about what happened to you Kate. Your father and brother." She felt her throat tighten and it took a moment before she was able to speak. She felt like her chest was in a vice. Her mind raced with images of her father and brother bursting into her room in the middle of the night, the masked men, the green light. "Mahalo." She managed to choke out. They started walking again and were silent for long minutes. "What did they tell you, back in the States? Did they explain much to you?" Ron spoke up, breaking the silence. "I mean, if they didn't tell you about Dumbledore, I'm wondering what they did tell you." "Umm, they told me I was a witch." She shrugged. "Are you," she paused trying to find the right word. "Warlocks? Wizards?" Ron grinned a little but covered his mouth with his hand and Harry gave her a faint smile. "Wizards. Yes, we are. Everyone you'll be meeting is a witch or wizard." "Oh." "They didn't tell you anything else?" She shrugged, yet again. "I didn't ask, really. They said magic was real and I was a witch, that's how I….how I did what I did. They said that Dumbledore and an Order would tell me what I needed to know. I guess my father knew him?" Ron spoke up with a look of shock on his face. "Your dad was a member of the first Order. He never told you?" She was starting to feel angry. Why did they keep asking her what she knew when she kept telling them she didn't know? "I told you, I don't know anything other than I'm a witch." She paused as her mind caught up to her anger. "My dad was a wizard?" "A splendid wizard he was." A woman's voice spoke as they finally left the long grass and walked out onto a manicured lawn that stood before the most eclectic house she'd ever seen. It looked like someone had started building one style, then switched and kept switching. How it was even standing was a puzzle. "You must be Kate. Oh, you look just like your mother!" Kate looked to see an older redheaded woman in a bright striped dress and apron standing before her. She had to be Ron's mother if the hair was any indication. "You knew my parents?" The woman smiled and Kate could see she was getting a little emotional. "I knew them very well, dear. From the time we were very young. Your father was my husband's best man at our wedding and godfather to our first born son, Bill." She sniffled and blinked back tears. "I'm getting ahead of myself, as I tend to do." She gave a brilliant, friendly smile. "I'm Molly Weasley." "Hello Mrs Weasley. It's nice to meet you." Kate went to shake the woman's hand but instead was pulled into her arms and into the most motherly hug she could imagine. Kate never knew her own mother so she could only guess from the few hugs she'd gotten over the years from the mothers of friends what a mother's hug was like. She couldn't help but give into the hug and felt her eyes sting. "Your parents were wonderful friends and I loved them as family. Your brother was the sweetest little boy. You don't have to be afraid anymore Kate. I promise." Molly's voice was soft and gentle in her ear. Kate couldn't speak but nodded against Molly's shoulder, closing her eyes against the tears that threatened. She hoped this woman was right but the power that she had shown made her wonder if ever not being afraid was an option for her anymore. Not fear of others but fear of herself and what she was capable of. "Molly, love, don't smother the girl the first moment she's here!" "Oh Arthur! Honestly!" Molly released her and Kate looked to see an older redhead walking over to them with a gentle smile. He must be her husband. "Merlin's socks. Little Katie Baylor." Arthur breathed. "It's like seeing Liam again." The smile on his face looked like one that rarely left, one of whimsy and welcome. Kate was startled. The only person who'd ever called her Katie was her father. But how did this man know that since she was born in the US? "How did you know my father called me that?" Arthur smiled. "Because pet, he was rather fond of talking to you while you were still in your mother's womb. He was so excited about having a little girl." Kate swallowed and closed her eyes. This was too much. It was like she didn't know anything about who she really was or where she came from anymore. She went to bed one night, Kate Baylor, American veterinarian and musician and woke up in a nightmare Twilight Zone with people who killed with magic and knew her parents better than she thought she did. She went to bed innocent and woke up a killer and a human weapon. "Arthur, hush. She's struggling to deal with all of this." Molly said, putting her arm around Kate's shoulders. "Come on love. Why don't we have a seat, get you something to drink. Yes?" "Okay." "Dad, Mum, the Americans didn't tell her about Dumbledore. She thought she was meeting him." Ron said softly. Arthur furrowed his brow. "That's curious. Perhaps they meant his portrait?" Kate didn't understand but didn't say anything. How could someone meet a portrait? Of course she'd just crossed the world via a glowing shoe, so anything was possible. "We're all part of the Order of the Phoenix, Kate. Dumbledore was our leader for many years till he passed many years ago. Now we're lead by Remus Lupin and our dear Harry here." Arthur said with a proud smile, clapping Harry on the shoulder. "We'll explain things. I promise." Harry said quietly, giving her a smile at her no doubt obvious look of confusion.