shrugged. "London is expensive, mate. I needed help paying the bills. He's a nice kid though, Corey," he hurried to add seeing Armand's eyebrows narrowing. "A bit on the young side, if you catch my meaning." Armand nodded and began walking towards the fireplaces. In the two sends we had dwindled talking, a line up had formed. "Any of you know where Francis or Gwendolyn is?" "Gwen had training today and couldn't make it. Francis was probably not interested." He had written to me, actually, to say he thought it better not to attend; something about being unable to hold his tongue or wand if he saw my father, his uncle again. I know Francis blamed him for his parents' death, and I secretly didn't blame him. We waited in silence as the line ahead of us slowly receded. When it was Armand's turn, he grabbed some powder and turned around. "You alright kid?" I shrugged and he sighed. "Well, you better not be a stranger now that you are back in town." "Perhaps if you weren't a prick I'd spend more time with you," I replied giving him a hug, which he returned. "I'll have to drop by soon; check out the place my little sister is staying in after all," he said and with one last smile, he stepped into the green fire and disappeared. It was now our turn. Adrian reached around me and grabbed a large amount of powder. He motioned for me to go first. I stepped into the fire, trying not to giggle as the flamed licked my exposed legs and waited for Adrian to join me. The ministry fireplace was large, but it still felt too close for comfort. "The leaky cauldron!" he shouted, and then we were spinning. And then I fell arse-first unto a cold, dirty stone flood. "What the hell, Adrian?" I shrieked the second he landed, thankfully, first face. "Why aren't we at the flat?" He busied with rubbing his elbow and getting up before speaking. "We are experiencing some problems with the floo network. Last time Corey tried it he got stuck for three hours." I raised an eyebrow. "And you didn't have anything to do with that, did you?" He flashed me a grin and offered me his elbow, which I took before we exited the pub and walked out into muggle London. It was one of those few beautiful days in early autumn, and the street was full of people. Our shared flat, which we now shared with one of Adrian's Puddlemere team members, was only a few blocks away from the old pub inside of muggle London. Adrian draped his arm across my shoulder as we walked. "Now that we are alone, how are you?" he asked. I pretended to look inside the window of a French bakery to earn some time. How was I? My father had just been given a life sentence (well earned); only a few months ago my entire family had been stripped of three members (even if I never cared much for Nicholas, but I would miss Aunt Adelaine), and I was back in England after being exiled throughout the duration of the war. Not that I had been inactive, far from, but it still felt like there was a hole in history that I had missed. Gwen had fought during the Battle of Hogwarts and probably as part of the underground resistance. I know Adrian fought as well, as did Armand. William was in Luxembourg with me, April, and a bunch of other purebloods that had managed to escape before being conscripted, imperiused, or murdered. "I could be a whole lot worse, to be honest," I said, staring straight ahead. We had reached the block of our flat and Adrian was already opening the front door. I followed behind him, and stared at the eighteenth-century stairs defiantly. "I will walk up all of you, you little bugger, and you shall not rob me of my breath!" I heard Adrian chuckle, and hit him square on the shoulder. "Well, I'm glad to hear everything is not taking too much of a toll," Adrian said two floors in, two to go. I already had a stitch on my side and the bloody bastard was a good half a stair ahead of me. "Today being your first day back home after the war and all…" "Adrian," I gasped as we turned around into the third floor. One more flight to go! "Whatever you need to tell, spill it now before I recover my ability to breath." He chuckled. "You know about Corey right? Nice lad that one-" "Adrian." "-well, there has been a small and insignificant change to our lineup this year." I rolled my eyes, but he didn't see me as he had already reached the fourth floor. "I honestly don't care about Puddlemere's line up for the season Ad-" "I wasn't talking about Puddlemere," he was standing so close I almost fell backwards. He grabbed me by the forearm and helped me climb the last three steps. "I was talking about our living arrangements." I stood still, cradling my stomach and leaning against the wall. I glared at him. "What is it?" Adrian flashed another smile and walked over to our door which was conveniently close to the staircase. "Well, how do you feel about three blokes for the price of two?" "Adrian," I said through clenched teeth, peeling myself off of the wall and walking to stand next to him. He had his key in his hand and it was already inside the doorknob. "What are you talking about?" "Long story really, but Luke's cousin is a fantastic magical contractor –I'm certain you'll love your new room." "Who's Luke? And what did you do to my room? Adrian!" I tried to grab a hold of his forearm but the door opened before he could twist the knob. There, standing all dressed up, was the one and only Oliver Wood.