remainder of the money and be free to get on with his life. At least Vernon had £20,000 which only he knew about. By the time he had to pick up the Freak, he had come up with a plan. He told Petunia she had to sign the contract and why. Naturally she warned him that "We can't cross the King of the Freaks – we just can't" but he ignored her concerns and forced her to sign. Then he casually mentioned the restaurant where he was to take the boy. He had done all of this the night before so that Petunia would have time to contact Dumbledore so the boy could be rescued. The creature couldn't blame him if his wife contacted Dumbledore at the last minute now could It. He would have the £20,000 and just hope the boy would live until June 1998. He would still be £4,000 to the good over the deal he had made with the creature and they would have the Freak to use and abuse and perhaps maybe finally earn a raise. Nothing could go wrong. Now anybody with an ounce of sense knows that if you say "Nothing can go wrong" it will and it did. Once Harry Potter had gone to Hogwarts the Goblins finally knew where he lived. They hadn't known due to the spells Dumbledore had placed on the boy and Privet Drive. They knew that they and wizards couldn't get past the wards without alerting Dumbledore. They also knew that no magical article such as a rune (even a Goblin-made rune) could be placed anywhere near the house without Dumbledore knowing. However, a little thing like that never stopped a Goblin especially when money, honor and…revenge…were involved. Therefore at the earliest possible moment, the Goblins hired a Muggle specialist. One night the Dursleys went out to an important dinner and were gone for hours. The Muggle snuck into the house and placed Muggle "bugs" all over and bugged the phones. The Dursleys wouldn't know about them or find them and Dumbledore definitely wouldn't know about the Muggle "magic" or would have ignored it if he had believing that his magic would conquer anything a Muggle could produce. The Goblins learned much from these bugs especially Vernon breaking part of the deal. Therefore they were able to prevent Petunia from contacting Dumbledore. Unknown to everybody, Petunia did have a way of contacting Dumbledore. Fawkes could be summoned if Petunia pressed an amulet which the King of the Freaks had given her. It would notify Fawkes who could flash to the Dursleys within seconds and he would look at the situation and determine if there was an emergency or if Petunia just needed to send a letter or make a report. It had saved Harry's life many a time when Vernon "got careless" or Dumbledore had to bail them out. That was how Petunia had been able to send the "Christmas present of 50 pence" to Harry his first year. Since the Goblins had bugged the house, they found out about it and had their Muggle agent snuck into the house shortly before May 1st to replace the item with a fake because they knew Vernon would develop what he called "a cunning plan" in an attempt to double-cross the Goblins. But the likes of Vernon Dursley couldn't pull a fast one on the Goblins and he also couldn't read the fine print of the contract he had signed negating the payment in full if he even tried to welch on the deal. And that was what happened. He picked his nephew up at the station told him to "shut up and not ask any questions and drove him to the restaurant. The boy gathered his trunk and owl cage and followed his uncle in knowing that he was up to something as Vernon would never treat Harry to a meal especially at such a posh restaurant. The Goblin was waiting for them in the private room and Harry was shocked to see the creature and then heard Vernon say "Here's the $##*#&& now where is my money" but the Goblin merely waved his hand and petrified Vernon. Then two other Goblins appeared and grabbed Harry, his trunk and Hedwig in her cage and portkeyed away from the room into the pre-arranged, highly secured conference room where several surprises awaited him. After they left Goldgrabber retrieved the signed contract from Vernon and looked down on him and then with a wave of his hand replayed Vernon's conversation with Petunia. "This took place last night against our deal. You knew she could contact Dumbledore and would do so as soon as possible. Then you could blame her for Dumbledore and his minions showing up and grabbing Harry." Vernon never expected that nor did he expect that a "worthless, ugly, sub-human creature" such as Mr. Goldgrabber would find out his little trick. He was also very surprised when the creature said "Read the copy of the initial contract you signed in May and this time, read the fine print. Since you violated the contract, you will not receive the £80,000 and as you and your wife have already signed the last magic-based contract we, on behalf of our clients, have gotten permanent LEGAL custody of the boy. Also, with your signing of the contracts, there isn't anything Dumbledore can do to reverse the boy's new custody…except maybe avenging himself on you and your wife." The creature smiled his hideous smile and dropped Vernon's copies of the contracts. He told him "You will be able to move again in an hour so GOOD LUCK EXPLAINING TO DUMBLEDORE! Did you know that he can read minds and wizards have a truth serum which can force ANYBODY – especially Muggles – to tell the truth." He then disappeared into thin air like Harry, the owl and the other creatures had leaving Vernon wondering how he was going to get out of this one.