meant the world to him and his son who he lived for. There was nothing he wouldn't sacrifice for his family. When he'd joined the Dark Lord like so many before him he'd been young and foolish. Believing that the pureblood supremacy was only achievable through the Dark Lord. The only thing Lucius wanted was to keep the Statue of Secrecy strong and their world independent of Muggles. Instead Lucius had found himself facing a madman. He sighed at his own dark thoughts. Pushing them away. Now wasn't the time to dwell on the past. On the loss of his friends. On the pointless slaughters. He shook his head slowly. "I have a meeting with the Headmaster," Lucius announced to the quiet room. Two pairs of eyes met his. The cold blue of his wife and the bright ice like silver of his son's. Lucius rose smoothly and gave his wife a quick kiss before hugging his son lightly. "I should return by the afternoon." Without another word Lucius walked out of the room not noticing the worried eyes that followed him as he exited. He walked to the floo and flooed to Hogwarts. Stepping out into the Headmaster's study. He walked over to the man who'd glanced up at his entrance. "Lucius, so glad you could make it. Please have a seat," Albus stated softly. Lucius gave a nod and took one of the four seats set around the front of the man's desk. Lowing himself gracefully down and leaning his cane on his left side. So he could draw his wand if needed. Leaning back he accepted the offered tea, but declined the candy. "Why was I summoned here?" Lucius inquired smoothly. Not showing the curiosity in his gaze. "There is someone you know that you must meet. He is also a spy for the light in the Death Eater camp. Though unlike you he has been there from the beginning. Tell me Lucius are you still on our side?" Albus stated softly, "even if it meant sheltering Harry Potter?" Lucius didn't display any emotion. Inside he was at a loss. James Potter had been a terror in school. A man Lucius hated for what he'd done to the Slytherin throughout his school year. For his blind prejudice. Like so many Gryffindors, he had judged and hated them based on their house. He had terrorized one of Lucius's best friends and caused the man so much pain and torment. Destroying the only thing that Severus had ever loved and lived for, even above his potions and research. He wanted to hate the spawn of the man. The very child that had been conceived when James spiked Lily's drink at an event at the Ministry when Severus wasn't around. The child's conception had been nothing short of rape in Lucius's mind, and he had heard the whole story from Severus. The pain of watching Lily wed the man who'd taken everything away from him. The final blow that had shattered his friend. Lucius didn't know if he could. Didn't know if he could shelter that child. Not after Lily had left Severus to marry James so Severus would never find out. It hadn't been enough for James, he'd told Severus, in a letter no less. Still Severus had begged for the Dark Lord to save both child and mother. To spare them. The only thing he had ever begged of the Dark Lord. Severus's pain echoed in Lucius's mind at the death of Lily. He'd watched his friend spiral into a deeper darkness. He still to this day didn't know what kept Severus going, when in that night he'd all but died. Severus was as much a part of Lucius's family as Narcissa and Draco. It was why he was Draco's Godfather. "That depends on the circumstances," Lucius said smoothly. "You will see them soon," Albus stated without elaborating and Lucius raised one quick brow before the floo flared green. Stepping out of the floo was none other then Severus holding the small Potter child in his arms. Lucius stared almost open mouthed at his friend. The other spy? Could it really be? What was the story here? Why was Severus holding the child of his sworn enemy in a fatherly embrace? The questions swirled in his mind as those cold platinum eyes met the empty black obsidian gaze that showed not a single emotion. The decision Lucius had come to that night while Narcissa held her dying cousin in her arms and begged him to leave the Dark Lord echoed in his mind as he watched his friend slowly approach the desk and set the child down in the seat between them. "Why did you never tell me?" Severus inquired softly. Looking from one man to the other. The pain evident in his eyes. "Since when Lucius?" He asked when he received no answer. Lucius wanted to tell him so many times, but had thought him loyal. He sighed in resignation. "Since Regulus died," Lucius replied. "Narcissa couldn't bear the death of more of her family. He had been her treasured cousin. Her closest family. He died in her arms, begging her to leave Him. To finish what he'd started. To end the tyranny and madness. It was that night I came here to Dumbledore. To offer my allegiance and any information I could safely gather in return for protection for my family should anything happen." Lucius paused and regarded Severus a long moment, "you joined as a spy?" "For Lily," Severus softly whispered. Knowing that Lucius would understand that answer. Sure enough the man did. Sadness and grief clouded the man's eyes. The next words Lucius spoke stunned both Severus and Harry. "He should have been yours Severus, I will never forget or forgive that. What he took from you with that final act. It is unforgivable," Lucius stated bluntly. "Regardless of that, if you are truly desiring my help with Potter then I shall give it."