on her lips. "Thanks for letting me panic all on my own." Fred folded his arms and slouched in his chair, reverting back into his child-like behaviour. "Come off it! You needed time to adjust to the fact they were your children before you learnt you fathered them with me," Hermione laughed. "Besides...I was in my own state of perpetual shock!" "Can you please tell us what time your from?" Fred looked at his children pleadingly. "No, mum's right on this one." Georgia shook her head. "Sorry dad," Jonathon grimaced. They spent the next forty or so minutes chatting about almost nothing before Georgia and Jonathon were dragged back to their time, leaving the group in a semi-awkward silence. "Right, so..." George started. "Angie...you wanna go for a walk? Or something?" "Sure thing Weasley," Angelina grinned and walked out of the common room closely followed by George. The rest of the group all turned to look at Hermione and Fred. . "What?" Hermione frowned. "We are not as well adjusted as those two," Fred said with a smirk. "Do you really not want to talk about it? Your children just came back from the future and you're not even dating!" Ginny cried. "We'll get round to it, I'm sure," Hermione chuckled at Ginny's outrage. "How are you being so blasé about this?!" She shrieked. "Because your brother is not going to let me just forget about it and walk off in peace, Gin," Hermione huffed. "Damn straight," Fred said with a nod and a grin. "Are you even going to ask me out?" Hermione glared. "What's the point?" Fred shrugged. "It's pretty obvious that I like you, we just met our future children and if I didn't like you I doubt they'd exist to come back in time in the first place. So I'm just going to call you my girlfriend and be done with it." "And what if I don't want to call you my boyfriend?" Hermione folded her arms in contempt. "But you do," Fred said. "What makes you think that?!" She scoffed. "Because we have children together," he said. "Not yet we don't and we aren't bloody likely to if you keep going the way you are!" Hermione growled. "Nonsense," Fred grinned. "So long as we remember them, they exist, therefore you want to call me your boyfriend." "Fred, you can't use the fact that our children, who haven't even been conceived yet, still exist in our memories as an excuse not to ask me out!" Hermione stood and went to leave. Fred jumped up and grabbed her before she could take a step, whirling her around to face him. He pulled her towards him and stared her down, resting his hands lightly on her hips. "Hermione, I won't ask you out because you'll find some excuse to turn me down, despite the fact that you don't want to." He smiled as her breath hitched at their closeness, loving the feel as her hands came to rest on his chest. "You can't just decide I'm your girlfriend and expect me to just be okay with that," she said, her voice wavering ever so slightly as she drank him in. "Yes I can, because you are...okay with it, I mean," Fred said. "And my girlfriend actually." He added. "I refuse to walk around school telling people I'm your girlfriend and you're my boyfriend when neither of us has asked the other out!" She steamed, wanting to push him away and pull him further towards her all at the same time. Merlin, this was confusing. "You don't have to, they'll all do the work for us." He motioned to the people all not-so-subtly eavesdropping on them and grinned. "They have nothing to go on, except a small embrace..." Hermione pointed out. "And two future children. And it's a school full of rampant teenagers with over active imaginations...give it a couple days and our 'small embrace' will have amounted to a full on snog!" Fred beamed and Hermione knew he was right. "But just for good measure..." Fred leant in and sealed his lips on Hermione's before she had a chance to react. In an instant all her fears about Fred and the future disappeared, her anxieties melted and her heart seemed to come alive. She'd never felt anything so freeing. Without even thinking, her hands slipped from his chest and encircled his neck, running her fingers through locks of red hair. Fred's own hands had moved from Hermione's hips to her waist, wrapping long, strong arms around her as his kiss deepened and he finally knew what it truly was to feel whole. It was the cat calls and wolf whistles that broke up their heated kiss and Hermione buried her face in Fred's neck as she turned bright red with embarrassment. "I think you've probably all figured it out from that, but Hermione Granger is my girlfriend...go spread the news..." Fred laughed as Hermione elbowed him in response. "You still haven't asked me out!" She hissed at him. "I'm not asking a pointless question." He simply stated. "Are you at least going to ask me to marry you when the time comes?" Hermione huffed. "I'll seriously consider it, but I'm not against dragging you to the ministry and just getting it over and done with." He shrugged. "You better not!" Hermione glared furiously. "Oh shut it, you silly witch!" Fred grinned as he pulled Hermione into another searing kiss. "I'm mean it Fred, you better ask me if I want to be your wife!" She couldn't stop the stupid smile that spread across her face. "What is the point in asking a question I already know the answer to?" Fred smirked. "I'll tell your mother?" "You shall have a proposal like no other!" He declared and Hermione found herself giggling into his chest and realising she'd probably just made the best and easiest decision of her life, not that it was much of a decision to begin with.