in the livin room, staring at something in the couch. When she got closer, she was in shock with what she saw. "She just apeared here from nothing. Where are the aurors?" "They said they would aparet her inside. She looks awfull, doesn't she?" She was pale and her skinny. You could see all her bones, and her breathing was dificult. They even doubt she was alive. "Yeah... Do you need help?" he would help her with anything she needed. She was her bestfriend after all. "I'm gonna need some potions... Many potions... Could you go and ask Draco what are the best potions for this... situation?" "Yeah, sure. I'll tell Draco you said HI." and with that, he left. Hermione sat on the couch. She didn't know what the Aurors had told Bellatrix. But before, she needed to wake her up. Hermione strock Bellatrix's face. "Mrs Lestrange... Mrs Lestrange... Wake up..." the older woman started moving in her sleep. Hermione gently pushed her, and finally she openned her eyes. She looked confused, very confused. When the Gryfindor saw the woman eyes, she almost screamed. Her pupis were huge! With a wave of her wand, she closed all the curtains in the room. "Where... Am... I?" the older woman's voice was hourse thanks to the lack of use. "Uhm... you're at my house, Mrs Lestrange. Don't worry, why don't we go instale you in your knew room?" Maybe I should stop strocking her face... "My... knew room? What am I doing here? Who are you?" she was shivering, tried to stand up, but loose what strenght she had, and if it wasn't for Hermione, she would have hit her head on the ground. Now Hermione had a fainted wich in her arms, and the all problem of carrying her up. She placed the wich carefully on the ground, and with her wand, she levitated up stairs and to the spare room. First thing to do was to clean the woman in her care. She started filling the tub and then went to undress her warden. The clothes she had were all riped and dirty, so Hermione decided to throught them in the fireplace later. Anyway, she doubt Bellatrix would want to keep souvenirs from Azkaban. When she saw Bellatrix's exposed body she almost felt sick. It was covered in... something? It was so disgusting. Principally the smell. Her skin was brown almost black in some places thanks to the lack of cleanning. Her ribs and ribcage stood out. Hermione levitated her to the tub, testing the water to be sure it wasn't to hot. She then started scrubbing the other woman. The more she scrubbed the darker the water got. When she started washing her hair the water was almost black. That was the biggest problem. Her hair was full of knots, all tangled. She thought about cuting it, but she didn't want to do anything without the other woman agree. It wouldn't help their relationship to start from the beginning to infuriat the woman. So Hermione tried to do the best she could. In the end, she decided to cut the hair anyway. It was too long. She left in with length enough to reach the middle of her back. The Gryfindor decided to ask Draco for something to treat the woman scalp too. When she was finally donne, Hermione had to clean the water at least three times. Back in the bedroom, Hermione started examinating Bellatrix with bigger detail. She already knew the darkness had damaged the woman eyes, but if she kept the curtains closed, there would be no problem, and Bellatrix would recover completely. She was way too skinny. She probably had anemia, and her teeth were rotten. She saw some dark spots here and there. If she had been sent to Azkaban right after the batle, she probably didn't have any medical help with her injuries. Wich only meant that she probably had some infections. What if the skin had grown, covering the infection? That would explain the spots. If that was true, they would need more time then Hermione had planned. Her breathing was what worried her the most. It was difficult and loud. She worried there was some injury in the lungs. She would have to check that later. She decided to give her some skeel-grow now that the wich was assleep. She hoped she didn't feel the pain. It wouldn't do to have her waking up. For the bags under her eyes, Bellatrix hadn't slept in years. She would all the sleep and rest she could get. Sadly, they wouldn't have all the time in world. She would need to elaborate a diet and prepare some exercises to help the other woman with magic. She was one of the most powerful witches ever, and three years without magic was a lot. She was concerned about how the woman was going to react to be "teatched" by a mudblood. Or being bossed around by one. Or being the warden of one. She decided she would do what exams were left later, and leave the woman to rest now. She pulled the covers up to her chin, and lit the fireplace. Azkaban was a cold place. Hermione wouldn't be surprised if Bellatrix had hypothermia. She then closed the door and left. Hermione had at her care the most dangerous and powerful witch of all Britain. Bellatrix was about to have a second chance, but what for? The lives of both women were about to change. A.N.: Hei guys! I'm soryy for any mistakes you might find. I'm portuguese and only fifteen, so I'm still learning. By the way, I have another Harry Potter fanfic, called The Strenght of Our Roots . I won't give spoilers, but if you liked this one, you will probably like the other. I also have one about Hunger Games (Effie x Haymitch), Alice in Wonderland (Red Queen), Reign (Catherine x Henry) and Winx ( Trix past and familly). Adeus.