he was collapsing, he heard a scream, a woman. At that very time everything went black to Harry Potter. "Sirus Black is not there. Leave now." And he sent the creature away. Professor Lupin explained that it was Dementor from Azkaban searching for Sirius Black. He gave Harry some chocolate and left to talk with the conductor. Only when he left the compartment he felt relieved nothing happened. He had no idea his path with Harry Potter would cross so early. He looked just like James with Exception in Lily's eyes. He seemed like a nice boy, though he heard the conversation about Sirius Black. It was hard to Remus as well. He lost four of his closest friends. Almost all of them. Sirius wasn't sane person and Harry had right to be afraid of him. It was good decision to bring Remus and Jenn to Hogwarts. Harry needed them both, then more than ever. He made sure everyone was safe in the Hogwarts express and finally reached Hogwarts. Jensen didn't know what to expect. When she looked at Hogwarts outside, she was awed by its beauty and history. She grew up there and it was time to go back. She went to her chambers and changed into more elegant robes for the feast. Her robe had a deep navy colour. It contrasted her pale skin and matched her grey eyes. She let her hair loose mainly because appearance wasn't the most important thing to her. After all, she looked like she was only twenty in spite of being thirty-three. She was afraid of seeing Harry. She knew she was safe from questions today, but surely, he would start asking the next day. She heard a quiet knock at the door and opened it. To her surprise it was Severus Snape. She knew he was Potion's Master since Slughorn retired. Her relationship with Snape was always complex. They couldn't say they were friends, but they weren't also enemies. Sometimes their cooperation paid off. "I was wondering if that was really you." Jenn shook his hand. "I don't need to ask you, why you're here, do I?" Jensen shook her head. "I couldn't sit there and do nothing. You know that Severus" She smiled sadly and he nodded with understanding. "It's good to have you back Jensen" And they went down to the Great Hall. Harry, Ron and Hermione were already in the castle when McGonagall summoned Harry and Hermione to her office. Ron just shrugged and joined the rest of fellow Gryffindors to Great Hall. "How are you feeling Mr. Potter? Professor Lupin reported you were attacked by a dementor." Harry nodded and he answered Professor McGonagall. "I'm fine Ma'am. Professor Lupin gave me some chocolate." He looked on the left and nodded at Madam Pomfrey" Luckily I won't be in hospital wing during my first day." Hermione smiled at that and so did Professor McGonagall. Yes, Harry's spend a lot of time in hospital wing , she thought. Good they had someone who knew what to do when needed. Finally. "I'm glad to hear that Mr. Potter. Now off you go, I have some business to Ms. Granger." "Of course, see you at the feast Hermione, Professor." He nodded his head and went straight to the Great Hall. He quickly found the Weasleys and sat between Ron and Ginny. He said 'Hi' to Dean, Seamus, Neville and Lee Jordan. People were murmuring because Dumbledore wasn't speaking yet. He was waiting for Professor McGonagall, but not for long. She appeared smiling, yet a bit absent. Dumbledore welcomed the students and the sorting ceremony began. Gryffindor had fifteen new students and Harry was happy for every single one. He remembered how exciting it was for him. The Hat wanted to put him in Slytherin but he asked to be but in Gryffindor. It was the best decision he's ever made. He was happy to see how good it was to feel needed and accepted. Hogwart's was the very first place where Harry felt like home. After the ceremony Professor Dumbledore made a few announcements. "May I have your attention please?" Nobody would whisper a word when Dumbledore was speaking. "Another year begins. But first I'd like to inform you about most crucial information. As you all know Sirius Black escaped from Azkaban. That's why in order to protect you we're hosting dementors from Azkaban. Do not fool them because they're not forgiving creatures, so I'm warning you and mark my words. They won't be interfering in our daily life, but I'm saying that so you could be aware of seriousness of the situation. But now let's move to more pleasant news. I would like to introduce you our new three teachers." Harry, Hermione and Ron moved so they could see more. " First is someone you all know, our new Care of Magical Creatures teacher, Rubeus Hagrid." Hagrid stood up and the Hall filled with applause. Most people were happy for Hagrid but the longest and strongest applause he got from the three three-year students at Gryffindor table. Hagrid smiled at them happily and returned to his seat. "Second will be teaching you Defense against the Dark Arts, Professor Remus Lupin" Lupin smiled and stood up for a while. Again, the Gryffindors were most loud house. Most of them heard and remembered him taking care of everybody after the dementor attack on the train. Professor Lupin earned respect from students before classes even started. That meant a lot to Remus but it was even more a signal to Dumbledore that he made a right choice. "And the last one will be teaching some of you The Ancient Runes. Meet Jensen Potter" He said, and the reaction was almost like he expected. There were a few people clapping but the other were staring at her, especially one person, Harry… So, thank you for your time. Hopefully you enjoyed it. If you did (or not :D), please give me your opinion. Love, Mila