water, Goyle was unable to restrain Crabbe from trying to drink. In his frenzy, Crabbe fell overboard and when Goyle leaned over to drag him back up, he was pulled down into the water by the same group of hands which pulled Crabbe down to the depths. Gasps were heard because some people had actually liked Crabbe and Goyle if only for comic relief. The Dark Lord was ominously silent and just glared down at Lucius for a bit until he roughly pulled the proffered locket from his hand. "You didn't follow my direct orders and then lost two faithful Death Eaters. That was very, very naughty of you Lucius and…." He stopped talking as he inspected the locket only to discover it was a fake. Then Malfoy Manor started shaking as Voldemort's anger grew. However, before he could inform his quaking minion of that fact, Auror Abner Bricklebrick, one of the assigned Death Eaters, came running into the ball room where Voldemort held court. Just when Lucius and Voldemort thought things couldn't get any worse, they did. "Forgive me my Lord for interrupting but I have news of Harry Potter" he said while trying to catch his breath. "Well out with it" Voldemort snapped. "Potter and his Muggle cousin were attacked by Dementors" was the reply. Now, not only was Malfoy Manor shaking, pieces of the ceiling started falling and windows smashed, portraits fell off the walls and screaming started. Bricklebrick caught his breath and added "However, the boy managed to cast a patronus and saved both himself and his cousin. But the Ministry sent an owl saying that he was expelled from Hogwarts and Aurors would be arriving to snap his wand and confiscate all of his magical possessions." Voldemort managed to sufficiently hide his relief before asking had the wand been snapped yet and who sent the Dementors to Kiss Potter. "When I heard about the Dementors, I immediately checked with the warden of Azkaban who said all Dementors were present and accounted for. I then checked on the two Dementors kept at the Ministry who were in their security cell BUT I also did a revealing charm and noted that they had been gone from the cell for two hours. No one had signed them out but they had definitely been out and about and had probably been the ones to attack Potter." "Where is the brat now?" "From what I found out, he was still at his Muggle residence and his wand hadn't been snapped as Dumbledore was in the process of fixing things . There will be a hearing and there is still the possibility that he will be expelled and even sent to Azkaban as there are rumors that evidence has been found that he killed Diggory and someone " he said glaring at Lucius "has been whispering in Fudge's ear that the boy should be tried for such a thing and punished accordingly." "Lucius" Voldemort said threateningly "Did you drop that poison into Fudge's ear?" "Well…my Lord…at least if the boy was in Azkaban he would be away from Dumbledore's influence and you would know where he was and could get him when you freed your faithful." "Oh yes, I could" was the sarcastic reply "But what would I get when such a thing was accomplished? The boy is known for being unable to remain conscious when a Dementor is near him and with constant exposure to them he is liable to either be insane or brain damaged and thus not of any use to me." Lucius had no response to that so he just continued to keep his eyes downcast. "And what would you have done if those creatures had kissed the boy? That too would be disobeying my direct orders. Oh and just so you know, this object is a fake and YOU WILL PAY THE PRICE for your failure, losing two of your peers and disobeying my orders concerning the boy." "But my Lord, I never told Fudge to send Dementors after the boy" Lucius whined. "I DON'T CARE" shouted a very irate Dark Lord. "You have failed me for the last time and thus must be severely punished. I will give you a choice. I will return within two days for your decision. Either you or your son and heir Draco will pay the ultimate price and be slowly and painfully tortured to death. It is your choice." "Avery, you are again in charge until I return. Make certain that no Malfoy leaves this place. Bricklebrick, find out who sent the Dementors to Kiss Potter and when you do, bring them to me for questioning. I will have my answers" the Dark Lord shouted. He then picked up Nagini and the bag containing all of the goblets from the Lestrange vault and left to review the progress on his bolt hole. It was almost finished and just needed a few things before he could ward it and cast his own Fidelius charm. He had acquired two house elves answerable only to him. Since he hated house elf names he renamed them Jeeves and Beulah (after a famous butler and a maid in the books and films from his youth). His bedroom was ready and he took a long, hot bubble bath (yes a bubble bath) and finally managed to calm down. He decided to absorb Hufflepuff's Cup. The Cup did have a reputation for healing and he quickly filled it with a special potion he had made to facilitate the absorption. Dressed in his comfortable bathrobe, he lit special candles, poured the potion into the Cup, said a few magic words and drank the contents. It went down without any ill-effects and Tom Riddle felt his soul piece returning to merge with the original. The next he knew all became darkness and then oblivion as he fell down to the floor. A frantic Nagini slithered to his side and waited to see if her master ever regained consciousness.