the most brilliant witch of your age and a war hero to boot, you will always be seen as just a "Muggleborn" and truly nothing more. Don't try to change it as it will kill you if not physically it will still kill your soul and you deserve to have a good life." Once Kreacher returned, Harry had his trunk filled with all his worldly goods, or at least the ones he wanted, kissed and hugged Teddy and Andromeda goodbye and left to start his new life. Ron was getting the fame he had always sought and with Percy acting as his manager, he was getting endorsements, book contracts and even speaking engagements. The money was rolling in. In fact, the day of the breaking of relations between Harry and the Weasleys, Molly was cooking one of her famous dinners as Percy had invited some "wheelers and dealers" over to discuss Ron's flourishing career. Percy said this dinner could make or break Ron's career, hence Molly sending her son over to get some expensive foods and lots and lots of expensive wines and liquors. Due to the fight, the dinner had to be cancelled and hopefully rescheduled while Molly "straightened things out." But then the article appeared in the Prophet and all hell broke loose. Molly had indeed complained to McGonagall demanding that if "that lying, bullying, cowardly, no-good bastard showed up at Hogwarts, Minerva was to contact Molly immediately so she could get her hands on Harry Potter. Harry would never know it, but this was the one time McGonagall had sided with and protected him. She had been stern and even cruel to the boy so that he would be forced to take refuge in becoming an Auror as Kingsley could protect him from the Weasleys' wrath. Ginny was going to be doing her seventh year and it would be a disaster for the two of them to be in the school at the same time. Other than Arthur (who truly did like Harry) there were no other Weasleys working at the Ministry. Ron had already refused the Auror job as it would take too much time and effort to become an Auror and with all the endorsements and books deals, he would now be making real money until he decided to sign up with one of the Quidditch teams. Why should he risk his life at a dead end, unappreciated job (especially since the war was over) when the world was now his for the taking? Yes, in her own cowardly way McGonagall had been trying to protect Harry, but per their usual history, she had failed miserably. Her indifference and cruelity to be kind had only driven the final nail in the coffin and Harry had left Britain for good. The Weasleys would never let Harry get away with this. Percy enacted a quick damage control denying all of the things which had happened at Grimmauld Place. Harry had never mentioned the names of the other people who could act as witnesses as he didn't want to draw his former classmates' name through the mud and he hadn't been introduced to the sluts. Therefore it was his word against Ron's word. Hermione had refused to side with Ron and "his version of what really happened" as Harry had told the truth. She had been too quick for Ron when he had drawn his wand and tried to actually cast the Imperious on her. It was then she decided to take Harry's advice. She had left Ron stupefied and magically bound, and since she really hadn't unpacked, she simply wrote a letter to McGonagall advising her of what had really happened and what Ron had tried to do and said she decided to follow Harry's example and leave Britain. Therefore, she would not be returning to Hogwarts and Ron could be found lying in an alleyway outside of Diagon Alley if anybody wanted to retrieve him. Hermione had used Muggle transportation to return to Australia and since nobody other than Harry had asked her if she had found her parents, she had lied to McGonagall saying her parents had died in a diving accident and she would now be starting over in another country as there was nothing left for her in Britain. With the only two people who could take Veritaserum to prove they were telling the truth about everything now permanently out of the country, the Weasleys had a field day. Percy announced that "Ron will be writing a book telling the REAL story of what had gone on in Hogwarts during the years the Golden Trio were there and exactly what had REALLY HAPPENED on what "that lying coward Potter called the 'quest'." If Harry had thought he had been slandered before, it was a good thing he wasn't around to read and hear what was being said about him now. However, he wouldn't have cared anyway as he knew from experience that nothing he ever said or ever did would win him any sympathy, let alone respect, and now he would be starting a new life. All the Weasleys, McGonagall, his former classmates, the Order, the Ministry and all the sheepeoples in Magical Britain could go #*&#& &&* * themselves. He was out of there and would remain so. He was wrong in some respects. McGonagall had been inconsolable when she found out that Harry had left. Hermione leaving in quick succession had been almost too much for her to bear. Neville, Luna and many of Harry's classmates were also stunned and sadden to hear about these events. Anybody who knew Ron Weasley, who had listened to him brag and bellow for six years and who had witnessed his behavior since the end of the war knew that he was a lying weasel. But now there was nothing they could do except to grieve at Harry's loss and wish him well and to have a life in which he could finally be happy.