But there also were the stares and the whispers and the people that just wanted to see his scar. He'd been living in near solitude for three years, and suddenly, he was forced towards the centre of attention, and he didn't like it one bit. Even now, when everything was quiet, he felt restless. There were so many children around. But maybe he'd adjust, it was quite possible even. Until now, his life had been a constant challenge where adjustment was key to every obstacle. He thought that, given enough time, he might manage this as well. It was something different, always on the periphery, never really there. A nagging and prodding feeling that he didn't quite belong. Or, at least, that something about him was off. Thoughts churning, he twisted on his mattress although he had already been lying comfortably. Maybe he'd be able to get some sleep if he turned his pillow around so he could sleep on the cold side? But even when he did so, he knew that it most likely wouldn't help, as the uneasiness hadn't faded. He hadn't acquired this feeling upon his arrival at Durmstrang. It had been with him before, even back at the inconspicuous mansion close to Liverpool he'd lived in for the most part of the last years. A few weeks ago, it had suddenly appeared, and he still had no idea of its true cause. When he had been standing on the platform, debating with Karkaroff about whether he would be accepted or not, he had hoped that this distinct feeling of not belonging would vanish here. As it seemed, he'd hoped in vain. The worst thing was that he couldn't put his foot on what exactly wasn't right. A few times, he had tried to get a grip on it, to explore the reasons for it, but it had effortlessly slipped from his mental grasp. There wasn't only negativity, though. There still was the magic . Again, he patted his wand and he was almost tempted to rise from his restless bed, sneak out of the room and look for somewhere to practice or at least try out what his wand could do. He was pretty sure others had done so because the last time he looked around in the room there had been a few empty beds. But breaking the rules the first day didn't seem smart when Igor Karkaroff pretty obviously had it out for him. At least, tomorrow he'd finally get to try his hand at it. Until now, he only had the names of the subjects to think about, because he had no books and – if he thought back – no tales about the different subjects. Curious, in retrospect, that back at the mansion it had never occurred to him to ask and find out more, because now, the simple image of weaving his wand and creating something new or influencing his surroundings had his stomach bubble with excitement. But on the other hand, he hadn't been able to experience the feeling of holding your own wand before, a feeling that couldn't be described to someone who didn't know it. Maybe it could best be circumscribed with "belonging", the very belonging that he otherwise missed. In his opinion, Gregorovitch needn't have mentioned that he had to "get to know his wand". Because there simply was no way he wouldn't. And apart from that, he had even had a friendly conversation with a stranger, and there was no Dudley anywhere near that could ruin it for him. Perhaps, just perhaps, Harry thought, he would be able to finally make a friend here after having had no chance to get one before. Dudley ... That was a darker part of his memories, one he had always wanted to avoid thinking about, but within the last weeks, he had done so with increasing frequency. The problem weren't the insults that'd been thrown at him, though. Nor the exploitation. Nor the malnourishment they had put him through from time to time. To Harry, these were pleasant memories now, because they proved that the things he'd been told afterwards were right. And they proved that he had been right. In blowing the Dursleys up, that is. Because even if he didn't ever mean for anything like this to happen and even if they hadn't been nice people, he still felt – well, sorry, wasn't the right word, because there was no way he'd ever be sorry about the death of muggles as despicable as them. Except - somehow he was. And the dark mood that surrounded so many of Durmstrang's facilities seemed to increase the dread he felt whenever he thought back to what had happened. Maybe, there was no proper home to be found here, he thought with a pang of sadness, before sleep more and more managed to lull him into darkness. His wand still rested in his hand. AN: The next chapter will be posted on January 20 - if not before - and, remember - reviews make every author happy. AN2: Everything you might think to be strange WILL be explained in future chapters. AN3: English is not my first language, so a few errors are to be expected. I would be pleased if you were able to point them out. AN4: This story will not contain romance (except maybe as a very minor subplot). If you are looking for that, you will find yourselves disappointed. AN5: Future chapters will have around 3-4k words, because otherwise, updates would be substantially slower. The planned update schedule is once-a-week. AN6: First chapter contains lots and lots of exposition. None of the future chapters are going to have nearly as much. AN7: The statement "no bashing" does not fully exclude Cornelius Fudge. AN8: None of the German sentences are in any way important to the plot. Updated as of 01/27/17 to remove the AN's from the beginning of the chapter and to add a section for Harry.