heard, that you loved the man I hated most in the world." Hermione shrugged as though she already knew this, as though he'd just proven her point, which he basically had. "Where does this leave us?" Harry asked. "All of us?" Ron said. "Broken," Hermione answered. "Can we mend?" Harry said hopefully. "Well, that all depends on what happens next?" Hermione said, shifting a little awkwardly and playing with her fingers as she shot a sideways look at Draco. . Draco was still looking at her in shock and disbelief and awe and amazement. The man looked like all his dreams had come true, and all his Christmases and birthdays and wishes had come true, all at once. "I don't understand?" Harry said, looking between her and Draco. Draco also was a bit lost. "It's been ten years," Hermione said. "I know I didn't move on, even without realising that's what I was doing...I know I still love him but...I don't know how he feels." "What's that got to do with our friendships?" Ron frowned. "It's going to be infinitely easier to forgive you and move forward if the love of my life is also still in love with me..." she said nervously. "Oh come on Granger!" Draco cried as he suddenly realised what she was saying. "That's not fair!" He whined, unable to keep the biggest grin he'd ever had from making its way onto his face. "I have to choose between you and making Potter infinitely more miserable than I think I've ever seen him?! You know how I feel about tormenting the git!" "So you didn't move on?" She asked hopefully, turning to face him and feeling her breath hitch in her throat as her eyes met his intense gaze. Ten years she'd been missing this part of herself and her whole body ached at being so near him and yet so far away. "No, I didn't move on," he said. "I gave my heart to this heinous woman who was too stubborn to leave me alone like she should have done, and she didn't give it back when she left." "At least you lived," Hermione whispered, "I'm sorry..." "I told you then and I'll tell you again now," Draco sighed softly as he wiped away a falling tear from her cheek, "I never lived without you, love." "I didn't really live without you either," Hermione smiled sadly. "I actually feel rather smug about that," he admitted. "No memories of me and still no one could compare." He chuckled when she slapped him playfully. "I can't believe you continued to hope," Hermione said proudly. "I nearly didn't several times," he sighed. "I very nearly gave up more than once. Not on you or us, just on hoping that we'd ever get a chance to see it through." "What changed your mind? Why'd you hold on? Why'd you keep on hoping in the end?" She said. "Why not?" He whispered with a small shrug. Hermione broke, seeing the adoration in his eyes and hearing her own words roll off the tip of his tongue. She sobbed as she felt his arms encircle her waist and his strong hands grip her hard enough to keep her up but soft enough not to hurt. She buried her face in his chest and breathed in, relishing in a scent she hadn't even known she'd missed. "Merlin Granger, you have no idea how much I missed you," Malfoy murmured, tightening his hold. Hermione sniffed and looked up at him, suddenly realising they were no longer in the Great Hall. "Where are we?" "I didn't want an audience," Draco said with a shrug. "We're on the astronomy tower." "How? I didn't even realise we were moving..." she said. "I carried you," he grinned. "I'm sorry I did that to you," Hermione whispered. "You weren't that heavy, it's fine," he smirked. "That's not what I meant and you know it," Hermione said. "I'm sorry I put you through that. I'm sorry I chose to forget. I'm sorry I left you-" Draco leant forward and captured her lips with his own. His heart beat rapidly in his chest as he felt her fingers slide across his shoulders and around his neck before she combed them through his hair and grabbed fistfuls, pulling him closer. His own hands wound around her waist and gripped her hips, pushing her into him and allowing them to become far more re-acquainted than Draco ever thought possible. He could feel the heat of her body, the softness of her curves against him and the rapid rise and fall of her chest against his. He ran his tongue against her lips and groaned when hers came to meet it. Their kiss grew heated and passionate, but with every stroke of skin and kiss of lips they poured over ten years worth of love and devotion, of hope and happiness. They broke the kiss amidst a few light laughs and deep panting, Draco resting his forehead on hers with his eyes closed. "Fucking hell Granger, you better not be a dream," he murmured. "If I am, you can stay with me," she smiled. "You've said that before," he whispered sadly. "Perhaps we should just stay awake for as long as we can," she smoothed her thumb across his cheek as she rested her hand on his face. Her eyes were locked with his, deep brown melting in stone grey. "Perhaps, but it didn't work last time," he sighed. "It will this time. I promise," she said softly. "But just in case, if we only have tonight, what's the one thing in all the world you want to do?" "Marry you," Draco said without hesitation. Hermione blinked. "Will you marry me?" He asked, a hint of nervousness to his tone. Hermione looked at him, her gaze deep and her thoughts running around her head at a hundred miles a minute. She frowned in contemplation and then smiled widely before answering him. "Why not?"