back to the healer. The healer left promptly, smiling annoyingly. "Could you- um," leave for a minute while I get dressed," Hermione asked Draco quietly. Draco noticed that she was still wearing the thin blue gown that the hospital provided to patients. "Yeah," Draco said, and stepped outside with the child that wasn't his until Hermione called him back inside. She wore black robes that allowed plenty of loose fabric around her middle. Her gaze was downward at her hands, looking nervous or awkward. "Thank you," she said quietly. "Let's go," Draco said simply, leading her to the floo to head home- well, to his home anyway. *****Draco***** Malfoy spent the first ten minutes or so giving Hermione and baby Rose an extremely brief tour of the manor, conscious of her small steps and that, even with magical healing, the woman did give birth only a few hours ago. Draco mostly just pointed to doors and hallways, "Sitting room, more sitting rooms or parlors or whatever that way. The kitchen, the dining room. There's a small ballroom through the big doors down that hallway, but it's never really used now. The master suite is that way, but it should be empty now too. Astoria would have sent for her things hours ago. The library is upstairs," he said, pausing and actually smiling at this one. He found himself hoping that she would be pleased with the library's selection. "Upstairs now?" he asked, readjusting Rose in his arms and looking towards Hermione who was nodding lightly, though her eyes still roamed around the sitting room they had first arrived in. He supposed Granger would always need a chance to study everything. "My room," he motioned to the door closest to the top of the staircase that he took. He even felt compelled to open the door and lead them inside for some reason. "Bathroom that way, and nursery next door," he motioned to a connecting door that they then walked through. He tried not to question what on earth would have compelled him to take Hermione Granger walking through his room. At least he kept it neat. He imagined the brainy girl didn't do well with messiness. The nursery was decorated in typical baby colors, mostly soft yellows and greens, which somehow passed for gender neutral in the minds of decorators. His mother had designed the room long ago and had updated it for him when they first learned about the baby. Stuffed animals lined the walls, perhaps with a few extra snakes and absolutely no lions, but there were also cats, owls, and unicorns in the collection, among a vast variety of others. Draco would not admit it to Granger, but he had enjoyed buying a few little toys whenever he found the time. When he looked down at little Rose, his heart didn't ache quite as badly. At least maybe she would enjoy some of them. "It's perfect," Hermione said quietly. A white crib stood in the middle of the room, along with tables and typical baby supplies. Though Draco never saw them, never tried to see them, he knew the elves took special care with this room. "You can pick out any room you like, and I will make sure that your things arrive there shortly," Draco motioned out the door where several doors to other rooms lined the hallway. "When Mother visits, she uses a room further down the hall, but I don't expect her very soon," Draco stated. "I have most of my things with me, but thank you," Hermione said, motioning to a small beaded bag on her arm. At Draco's raised eyebrow she explained, "Some extension and feather light charms. It is quite useful," Hermione explained. "I haven't really fully unpacked in years. Maybe not since Hogwarts," she said quietly. "Just- ask if you need any help," he offered, knowing that Hermione Granger wouldn't ask. He put the small, sleeping child in the crib, and watched her for several full minutes of silence before turning to return to his rooms. He looked up to see Hermione standing near the other door, the one to the hallway, staring at him and nodding when he looked up at her before she slipped into the hallway, presumably to choose a room for herself. Draco let the mother and small child spend the day by themselves, with Draco taking care of some accumulated post and business matters in his room. He checked on Rose occasionally, both when she was in the nursery and when Hermione had taken her roaming around the house. He was most definitely checking on the newborn and not the mother- the strange combination of childhood enemy, or rival, or whatever and now new house guest. Some things just shouldn't be too closely examined. Draco briefly tracked down an elf to tell it- him- he thought the elf was a "him" anyway- about Hermione and Rose with as few details as possible, only to say that they were to be respected and brought food or anything else they needed. And that baby bottles and whatever baby supplies would be appreciated. The little elf seemed extraordinarily pleased and nodded a lot, saying that he would see to them personally. Draco spent the remainder of the day in his room, telling himself that he wasn't hiding and that no one could see a Malfoy cry. A/N: Thank you so much for reading. If you want to read more of my stuff, you can check out my completed HP fic, a Hermione/Remus story. I have been working on a few stories, when all of the sudden, this story simply demanded to be written. I'm filling in a lot of gaps now and fleshing out a few details. I hope you enjoy reading the story, and please review if you like it. Updates will be weekly on Friday or Saturday, though they might sometimes be more often when I get really excited. Positive reviews make me excited- *wink wink*.