choked whisper, still reeling from the kiss. Lily giggled and pecked him on the nose before pulling away. She ran her hand down his arm, fingertips ghosting daintily across his skin, and entwined their fingers. "Come with me, James," she murmured so only he could hear. Dazed, he could only follow, grinning and starry-eyed and heart beating so fast he thought it would explode from his chest. "We'd best do this inside, no?" As they retreated to the caravan, the firelight from the street lamps caught on something in the grass. James' gaze flickered as he stumbled over said object: a thin silver chain, almost as slender as that of a bracelet, circled Lily's bare ankle, running across the grass. Lily paused in on the steps by the door, noticing how he had slowed. "I'm a princess," she explained, her expression becoming crestfallen. "I was tricked and enslaved by the witch who owns this caravan. Will you free me?" James immediately fumbled for his pocket knife ― thank goodness he always kept that on hand. Gathering part of the chain in his fist, he slipped his blade through the thin silvery line with relative ease ― only to watch with wide eyes as the chain reformed itself right there, once again becoming whole, as if it had never been sliced. Flummoxed, he dropped the chain back to the ground. Lily bit her lip and exhaled deeply. "Oh well. A shame." She sounded resigned, but stepped through the open door all the same. As James got up and made to follow her, he suddenly paused once more, hesitating on the front steps. Lily turned to eye him with an impish grin, reaching her hand out expectantly. "Well, are you coming?" Qualms forgotten, James returned her look with a mischievous smirk of his own, enveloped her hand in his, and followed her into the caravan without looking back. The door slammed shut behind him. The moment the two were alone, James took her into his arms and kissed her for all he was worth, like they had all the time together in their own little world. He let go of all his misgivings with her, and sunk into a state of mindless passion from which he never hoped to awaken. So it was but for a single blissful night, under the watchful gaze of the stars above. Before dawn the next morning, James wearily trudged his way through the forest, hardened in his resolve not to look back upon the wondrous world he had left behind. The rest of the world was still asleep as he sighed and returned through the hole in the wall, back to the now dreadfully plain town of Little Whinging. As in awe of his escapade as he was, he had long since decided to forget that that had ever happened, to return to the mundane life he had known before trespassing into the wizarding world, as he called it. He ultimately gave in and took to proposing to Marlene McKinnon, causing quite a stir among the ladies of the village, and took to his responsibilities and business ventures, but all with a more subdued vigor than before. He was dead set on returning to normal, and that was that. All was well. As it was, the stars above did not condone this type of mindset. For nine months later, while Filch was unwaveringly standing guard by the hole in the wall, a pastel yellow wicker basket with a small note attached was slipped through the hole in the wall right under his nose. Upon noticing this, the keeper could only glare beadily at the gap and shake his head while trodding off to deliver said object. "Foolish boy. Had an accident across the wall, hm?" He shook his head grievously. "Youngsters these days." That evening, when James Potter opened his door to retrieve the evening mail, he was instead greeted with a crisp autumn breeze and a wicker basket on his doorstep. Eyes wide, he crouched down and picked up the card. Harry James Potter , it read in a curling script that could only be written by a hand as elegant as its writer. James held in a sigh, and lifted away the cloth in the basket its texture dampened by the evening dew. Then he fell in love for the second time in his life. He was greeted with a tiny, chubby face with round, rosy cheeks and large, vibrant green eyes ― a brilliant green James had only seen elsewhere once. Tufts of wild black hair framed the top of his head. His heart swelled at the sight. The babe cried out shrilly in delight upon seeing his father and reached out a tiny, chubby hand to paw at his father's face. James enveloped the minuscule fist in his own larger hand. "My son," he breathed out, breath coming out in puffs in the cold air and catching in his throat. He unconsciously broke into an earsplitting grin. Holding the baby close, he turned around and closed the door. He had a son. His son. Harry. High above in the sky, the stars winked, for they knew this was the beginning of a tale unprecedented: one that would change the fate of both Little Whinging and Grimmauld. final note : please rate&review if you can! I live for constructive criticism. We writers thrive on suggestions. And don't worry ― this is only like a prologue (hence the "roots"); the real stories will start in the next chapter. I chose Little Whinging instead of Godric's Hollow, because. Well. Little Whinging is boring, and is home to the Dursleys, so that obviously tops out the "normal" scale. This chapter was unbeta'd, so if you find any small errors, please feel free to correct me! I tend to skip proofreading (yes, yes, it's bad, I know), and I sometimes type a little fast and skip over words. My apologies. Either way. Tell me what you think!