him. Without even starting the next drawing he said, "I can't drop it, Granger. It's bugging me." "Well, it shouldn't." Her voice was slightly hard and strained. "No, I know there's something up with you, and I want to know what it is." "Well, it's none of your business." He raised an eyebrow at her words. She just confirmed that something was going on. She seemed to realise this and muttered something that sounded like "shit" under her breath and began packing her things. "Going somewhere, Granger?" She turned to face him with her expression cool and masked. "I just remembered that I have something to do. Can we continue this tomorrow?" "Do you really? Or do you just want to avoid my questions? If you really do, what is it?" She narrowed her eyes at him. "It's none of your business." Curse himself for not being good at coaxing others out of their…whatever. His mother had been much better at this before she passed, especially with his closed-up father. Of course, the way they looked at each other helped so – Wait. The way they looked at each other? A mental image from his memory of Alyssa and Weasley looking at each other from several minutes ago came to mind before switching to one of his parents before his mother died. No way. He thought there was something familiar about her expression…but it never came to mind because of their familial relation. Wow. Alyssa really was Juliet. The only difference was that Romeo was already family. Too close family, for that matter. "What?" Alyssa said, watching his expression. She did not like it. Scorpius stared at her in shock. "Are you…?" He couldn't finish his sentence. "Am I what?" She was visibly trembling, and he could tell why. She was scared. No, terrified. If someone figured this out, they most likely would tell the whole school and her reputation would be ruined. All right, he already did. But was he going to tell the entire school? Well, first no one would believe him (except for a few looking for a scandal) and second, that would be cruel. Especially when it would come back to Weasley. Scorpius suspected that it was mutual, but chances like this could not be taken. Not with something like this. Instead of asking the question fully, he offered her the only thing that would calm her down. "I won't tell. Not a soul. Not even my friends." Judging by the look on her face, he knew that she knew he knew. She stared back at him fearfully. "How do I know you're telling me the truth?" "Since when do I have any reason to ruin you? If I were in love with my cousin Lauren Nott, I'd wouldn't want anyone to know either. Not that I am, but that's empathy for you. We can make an Unbreakable Vow if you want so I definitely won't tell." Alyssa shook her head slowly. "No. That's going too far, and we would need a third person to act as bonder. No." She looked at him seriously. "I think I can trust you." "I promise you that you can." A small smile formed on her face and her body eased from the tension of fear. "Thank you, Malfoy." "With a big secret like this being kept, I think we can finally move on to a first-name basis, don't you think? That is, if you want to, of course." Alyssa nodded and held out her hand. "Alyssa Weasley-Granger. Call me Alyssa." Scorpius took it. "Scorpius Malfoy. Call me Scorpius." 3 November 2024 Dear Alyssa and Fred, I don't know if my owl can find you, but if you can, please tell me that you're all right. It's all been in the papers. Apparently, your aunt (the quarter-Veela one) had been a little too enthusiastic to share what her daughter had caught you guys doing. As a Slytherin alumnus, I would normally chide you two for being foolish enough to get caught, but the fact that you had to keep your love a secret is already unfair enough. I just want to wish you two luck wherever you are, and that hopefully you'll tell me where you went so I can visit at some point (I won't tell anyone, of course). The odds of you coming back are slim, but I hope that you will eventually. My life has changed so much because of you two. Best regards, Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy 17 November 2024 Dear Scorpius, Sorry for the long wait. We had to let the owl rest for a while because it's a long flight from England to down under. As to exactly where, we can't say in case this letter is intercepted. If you come out here, you'll have to take a Muggle plan to the Darwin International Airport. You'll have to wait for us to find you because our disguises make sure that no one here knows who we are other than the fact that we're a really young married couple. Yes, we actually did get married (no issues about conjoined surnames as you mentioned once!). At ages eighteen and nineteen? We've always known we were meant for each other, despite the cousin barrier so running away had to lead to eloping. You probably disapprove, but we've never been happier. Don't worry, we're not going to have any children. We'll probably adopt when we're older, but certainly no biological children. Our ancestry is already messed up as it is with the stupid pureblood bigotry that led to several incestuous marriages and procreations that weren't even for love. Anyways, we hope and look forward to see you soon at some point. Always, Alyssa Rose Weasley-Granger & Fred Lee Weasley AN 2: Reviews are greatly appreciated so thanks in advance to those of you who do! Forgive me for being picky, but I prefer reviews that are more than two-worded compliments. Let me know what you like and/or didn't like!