they've become and I take pride in that. Sev, you are not your father. If you went in there and tortured them. Or took them to whoever this Dark Lord guy is you'd be no better then he was. Let it be Sev. You've done enough," Richard told him gently laying a hand on his shoulder firmly. "Nothing's ever going to be enough," Severus breathed out in a dark hiss. "Tell me what you could do more?" Richard asked him choosing another tactic. "I could kill them. Slowly." Severus told him seriously. "And what then? You'd end up in Azkaban. Tell me Severus what would happen to Slytherin House then? What would happen to Harry? To Zach? To Deven and Fiona? To all the other children you've helped?" Richard asked him. "You know damn well what would happen!" Severus growled, "it's not enough Richard. It will never be enough." "You can't change the past Sev, but you are changing these children's futures. Little by little. Don't turn away from that, not over this one. Sev I know you. Lily was as close as blood to you kiddo. You worshiped that girl. This one's harder for you because it's her kid. You got to remember that it won't help Harry. Won't help Lily. If you go and get yourself jailed over scum like that. You're better then that Sev. Come on kiddo," Richard said squeezing his shoulder. "Tell me what those potions of yours did to them." "The first one is called ultionis iustitia and it is not commonly used. It has a rather nasty side affect of causing insanity in cases of prolonged use. It used to be used back in the days before Dementors guarded Azkaban prison. It was used so that criminals were forced to feel how their victim felt. It is a form of Blood magic and therefore is not exactly black, but it falls into the grey area." Severus began his voice falling into that neutral edge he often used. "The second potion is called memoria lego and it is used to by healers in cases of severe amnesia. As it will stimulate the memory portion of the mind allowing the victim to relive their memories when triggers are applied. This one was modified in order to target a specific area of memory, anything that is triggered by hatred or fear. The one I gave to Dursley was laced with obmutuit which is used to silence the drinker. In this case when combined it will prevent them from speaking about anything except the events they will be forced to remember by the memoria lego." "I can see why you didn't want any of that linked to you," Richard said with a dry chuckle. "Alright that's enough. You go meet up with Minerva while we take care of things here kiddo. I need you gone so I can call in backup." "Make them suffer Richard. You have no idea what that whale was planning to do to Harry next," Severus hissed out. "From the look on your face I can guess it was disgusting. Don't worry Sev, I'll make sure he rots for what he's done. He's going down Sev. And you aren't going to be a part of it, you hear!?" Richard growled out. "I hear," Severus responded. Sounding exhausted as he turned and left the kitchen only to find Minerva standing in the entryway. "We need to head back to Hogwarts. We're done here." Malfoy Manor - Location: Wiltshire, England Harry was sitting on the bench next to the huge bay window looking out at the grounds of Malfoy Manor from the third floor. It was so gorgeous and fast he couldn't believe he was here. The book he was suppose to be reading lay open on his lap. "You know Harry, you would get more out of the book if you actually read it," Lucius said giving the boy a genuine smile as he slid himself down onto the bench next to the curled up child. "Why are you sitting here alone gazing at the grounds?" "I'm just thinking," Harry said distractedly still looking out over the grounds, even as he turns to look at Lucius briefly. "What are you thinking about child?" Lucius inquires hopping to get Harry to open up a little more. "Mom and dad, what I saw in the mirror. I'm just wondering if things had been different…" Harry trailed off blinking back tears as he stopped talking. He didn't know why he was admitting that he really wanted to know what his parents would think of all this and if they would be proud of him. He didn't know what to make of all the changes in his life. It just seemed all so surreal that he'd been waiting to wake up for the last few weeks. "Harry, your parents would have been very proud of you. As Cissy and I are proud of you child. We might not be your brith parents Harry, but we are your parents now. We'll always be there for you. No matter what," Lucius said gently drawing Harry into a firm hug. Harry curled up close to his chest and shut his eyes whispering out his fear. "What if HE kills you, like he did them? I don't want you to be hurt because of me," Harry mumbles and Lucius hugs him harder. "That won't happen Harry, I promise you that," Lucius said gently. "Come now child, go and get cleaned up and let us get down to Lunch, then I think you need to go outside and play with Draco instead of being all alone here." "Okay," Harry mumbled and pushed himself up walking down towards the washroom wondering if maybe, just maybe he could be normal after all. Maybe he really could have a real family and be a normal kid. all translations are done using google translate. ultionis iustitia = Vengeance's Justice memoria lego = selected memory obmutuit = speechless