going on on the way dear boy," Albus said and starts to lead the group to his office as Severus begins to explain. "After the fall of the Dark Lord most of his followers went into hiding. However, his werewolf pack did not. They continued the reign of terror they had begun under his watch. Though many of the pack were captured five remained on the loose. Led by Fenrir Greyback. It seems that something must have happened with them, because they are actively seeking out the remaining Death Eaters. Luckily for us only two residences are under threat," Severus began. "During the reign of the Dark Lord, three safe houses were disclosed to all members of the Dark Lord's regime. The Malfoy's Manor. Which is in a state of ruins after tonights attack. The Lestrange's Manor. Which is under heavy scrutiny from the Ministry of Magic due to Rabastan, Bellatrix and Rodolphus Lestrange's attack on the Longbottoms. The last of these was the Nott's Manor house. Where Hector and his son Theodore and his wife Elizabeth Nott reside. I fear if they attacked the Malfoy's they will go after the Nott's next," Severus went on to explain. "Why do you believe they will come here?" Filius asked. "Because they know this is where I would take the Malfoy's once they had turned up at my home," Severus explained as they entered the Headmaster office. Severus went straight to the floo as did Albus. With a wave of his wand Albus unlocked it allowing Severus to grab a handful of Floo powder. "Nott Manor," Severus called throwing the powder down. Severus did not kneel down or put his head into the fire he called out. "HECTOR ARE YOU THERE?" "Severus? Is that you?" comes a small shaky voice Severus recognizes as Theo. The boy's head appears in the floo next. Dirt and tear stained with a small amount of blood leaking from his nose. "Come through Theo and tell your parents to follow. Do it now," Severus orders the youth not waisting any times. "O-okay," the frightened pre-teen says in a shaky voice before leaning back out and screaming to his father. Next thing Severus knows Theodore Nott comes running through the floo and lands in his arms clinging to him crying desperately. Following on his heels is a shaky Elizabeth who looks far too frail and sickly. Next moment a bedraggled, but unharmed Hector Nott floos over. Calmly looking at the floo with his wand pointed at it as if fearing something else would come through. Severus points his wand calmly at the floo while holding Theodore to himself with his right arm. Casting the same hex as before with the satisfaction of hearing a sharp yelp before Albus casts a charm that severs the connection and closes the floo to Hogwarts. Sealing the fireplace once more from the floo network. "Are you harmed Hector? Elizabeth?" Albus asks gently. "No I am not. I was about to have Theo floo to Lucius's place when you called Severus. What is going on?" Hector asked. Meeting the Slytherin's cold gaze. Elizabeth simply shook her head and slumped down to sit gracefully on the floor. Elizabeth was a very petite woman of gentle disposition who scared very easily. "I'm afraid that something has caused Greyback to decide to attack the safe houses," Severus replied. "Does that mean that Thaddeus Lestrange is in danger as well?" Hector inquired. "No, there are Auror's outside his home even now," Severus explained. "Lucius is in the infirmiry and I would like to get Theo to Poppy," Severus went on quickly. "Headmaster may we use your floo again?" Severus inquired. "Of course my boy," Albus said smiling. "Thank you Albus, this is now the only way in or out of the infirmary until the castle is secured once again. Minerva can you and Filius rouse the other teachers and begin fortifying the defences? I will meet all of you outside as soon as I have seen to Theodore, Elizabeth and Hector," Severus stated grabbing a handful of floo powder. Minerva nodded curtly and she headed out of the room. Filius on her heels. "I will stay and fight with you Severus," Hector says. "Take Theo and Lizy and I'll go with the others outside to see about defences." "Very well, I will be out shortly Albu," Severus says before vanishing into the floo to the infirmary. Followed quickly by the tired and reluctant Elizabeth. Meanwhile Albus leads Hector out onto the grounds where he is met by Hagrid and Fang. Soon many of the teachers are coming out of the school along with Minerva and Filius. In the infirmary Severus is met with Poppy who heard the floo and went towards her office wand in hand. "Oh dear, is he alright?" Poppy asked catching sight of the pre-teen held tightly in Severus's embrace. Looking at the woman who follows them with a worried frown at her pallor and state of shakiness. Poppy heads straight for her taking her over to the bed next to Narcissa and getting her to lie down while Severus answers her question. "He is injured, his home was attacked like Draco's," Severus explained leading Theodore to the bed next to Draco and setting him down on it. "Madam Pomfrey will look after you and get you to drink a sleeping drought. Don't worry about anything Theo, everything will be fine. We will all talk in the morning alright," Severus said gently and the young boy nods. With one final hug to the young Slytherin boy Severus heads back out of the infirmary doors quickly dispelling and then reactivating his wards. Out on the grounds stands Minerva McGongall, Filius Flitwick, Pomona Sprout, Rolanda Hootch, Aurora Sinistra, Rubeus Hagrid and Septima Vector all in a line behind Albus Dumbledore facing the gates of Hogwarts. Severus walks down and joins them standing next to Minerva facing what will soon be a small pack of savage werewolves.