before? "pfft...you've been to stuck up Ron's arse to even give any thought to even glance in anyone elses direction" Hermione thought. "well, not anymore, from now on, i'm going to take the time to notice everything i've been missing." Soon, it began snowing in the Forest Of Dean, a place she used to go with her parents. It wasn't long before Harry was awake and feeling a bit better. Hermione was writing in her journal about their recent adventures and her confusing feelings regarding the oposite gender. When she looked up to find Harry looking at her as though he were analyzing her. She smiled at him and when he smiled back, she had an amazing idea. She got up from her chair and began to play some music from her favorite playlist. Thankfully Ron's father had rigged their wizard wireless so it would work for Hermiones ipod via a magically enchanted aux cord. She began dragging Harry up to dance to one of her favorite songs. The way he looked at her, she could tell he was confused by her "alternative taste". Most people clasified this as "erotic dancing", It appeared to shock Harry that Hermione actually knew how. However, it surprised Hermione when the song changed and Harry actually knew how to dance, in rythym to what hermione considered a love song. He had his arms is places she'd never been touched before. This was so intimate it was driving her in circles just like the song said. He would swoop her up, dip her down, it was so elegant and fun. Harry always knew how to make her laugh. The song kept changing and She could feel herself relax into his touch, leaning her head on his shoulder now. This was so nice after everything they had been through. Just dancing around, calmly in circles together, not even noticing what was actually playing. But of course, the calm couldn't last. Just as the ipod was begining to play some ancient britney spears song, There was a loud pop in the distance. They both jumped apart and quickly turned off the music. Hermione reached for her wand and began to panic, Someone had just apparated outside their wards. Chapter 4 Intimate Distruction Insisting Hermione stay inside the tent and the safety of the wards, Harry borrowed her wand and had gone to investigate the sound of the obvious intruder. Resulting in his following a silver doe to the frozen lake to find none other than gryfindor's sword at the bottom. Perhaps, he was slightly insane from wearing the horcrux around his neck. Yet, he stripped down and dove in, only to begin to drown. Right when he thought all hope was lost and would die, he was saved by none other than Ronald Billius Weasely. Who had found his way back to them via the diluminator given to him in Dumbledores will. Well, considering they now had the sword, Harry decided they should destroy the horcrux imediately. Ron however was very against opening the locket, it effected him to strongly, but Harry insisted. The moment the locket opened, Ron's worst nightmare and Harry's wildest fantasy appeared before them. A completely naked phantom version of Harry and Hermione, entwined in an intimate embrace. The phantoms were speaking so harshly to Ron, but they were actually saying exactly what Harry was thinking. The real Harry was so shocked by the view of himself so intimately involved with Hermione, that he couldn't help but wonder what it would actually be like to have his hands on her bare flesh or to feel his lips on hers. however, now was not the time to dwell on these thoughts. There was a horcrux to destroy. "least loved, now, by the girl who prefers your friend...second best, always, eternally overshadowed...Why return? We were better of without you, happier without you, glad of your absense. laughing at your stupidity, your cowardice, your presumption." - phantom Harry said. Ron could feel his heart breaking, as the horcrux brought his every insecurity to life. But he knew what he wanted, he wouldn't have come back if it wasn't what he really wanted. He was going to everything in his power to make sure he made Hermione fall in love with him all over again. "Presumption!" echoed phantom Hermione. " Who could ever want you, when they could have Harry Potter? What have you ever done, compared to the chosen one? What will you ever amount to compared to the boy who lived?" And with that, Ron had finally heard enough and he lifted the sword high above his head and destroyed the locket. A long, drawn out scream was unleashed and then there was silence... what ever was in the locket was gone. It was over, until they found the next one. When they returned to the tent, they hadn't even been inside two minutes before Hermione had launched herself at Ron and began punching every inch of him she could find. "ouch..ow, gerrofff... WHAT THE...? Hermione, ow!" -Ron moaned "YOU! comeplete...arse!" RONALD WEASELY, you ...ugh!" - She screamed, punctuating every word with a blow: Ron backed away, shielding his head ad Hermione advanced on him even more. "You crawl back here, after weeks and weeks! Oh! WHERES MY WAND!" -Hermione bellowed She looked as though she was about to wrestle it out of Harry's hands, he reacted instantly casting a shield charm. "Hermione, calm down, sweetheart..."-he pleaded. Hermione, shocked by his unusual term of endearment instantly stilled. She sat on the far side of the tent and listened to the idiot red heads story of how he tried to find his way back for weeks. It was her voice he kept hearing, the thought of her that kept him going, his love for her that brought him back. How ever, she was far more concerned with what she was feeling about Harry. Things were about to get really interesting, really soon. That much she knew.