his ear. He tugged her head back again and kissed her full on the mouth, his dick growing harder as she slipped her tongue across his lips. He pulled her head back and looked her straight in the eye, but she shyly looked away again. He slipped another finger inside her, flicking her throbbing clit with his thumb. She began to writhe more and more against his hand as she came closer and closer. He roughly moved her head toward his own. "Look at me." he told her. "Look at me and don't you dare look away." She opened her eyes and locked on his, feeling her orgasm coming closer and closer. She began to close her eyes, but he jerked her head and they locked eyes again. Sirius could see the pleasure she was trying so desperately to contain, and a smirk pulled at the corner of his mouth. Her moans grew as the ecstasy within boiled over. Liana couldn't hold back any more. Her body quaked as she came, a waterfall gushing from her tight pussy. Sirius lifted his thoroughly soaked fingers up to her lips, which she instinctively took into her mouth, licking the juices greedily from them. He kissed her again, tasting her lingering flavor on her tongue before pushing her down into the water on her knees, unzipping his pants to free his big cock. The look on her face was that of a young girl who had never seen a raging erection before that moment, but that subsided quickly as she parted her pouting lips. He pushed his cock toward her open mouth, and she timidly wrapped her lips around it. Liana had never seen one before that day, let alone put one in her mouth. She started to pump his shaft with her lips, feeling it pulse beneath her tongue. Sirius groaned loudly and gently pulled her head back and forth by the hair he still clutched in his fist. Liana felt her pussy getting wet again and moaned with his dick still in her mouth. Sirius pulled her face back off his cock and lifted her up out of the water to kiss her wanton lips. She gave in completely and melted into his mouth with her own. As he kissed her, he pulled off his pants completely, tossing them into the water clumsily. His hands entangled themselves in her hair as his tongue danced along with hers between their lips. He flicked his wand at her again, this time releasing her binds, then tossed the wand to the edge of the tub next to hers. They kissed passionately before he turned her around and they both sank into the warm water. "You're a strange sort of girl, aren't you?" Sirius murmured in her ear from behind her, hands snaking across her skin to squeeze her firm tits. Liana cooed at his touch, lost in ecstasy and lust. She could feel his rock hard dick between her pert ass cheeks, so close to her wet slit. She arched her back, pressing her ass against his hips. He couldn't hold back any longer, and shoved his cock inside her. She cried out in pleasure and pain, feeling him break through her. He thrust even harder, her pussy tightening as he went deeper and deeper. Her moans turned into howls as he fucked her, warm soapy water splashing between their glistening bodies. Sirius could feel the walls of her cunt closing tighter and tighter as she reached her climax and felt his own grow like a wildfire. He felt the gush between her creamy thighs as she came, her body tense, yelling out in ecstasy. He grabbed Liana's hips tightly, forcing her back and forth on his cock roughly. He couldn't take much more, holding her quivering body against his. With a loud groan, he pulled his dick out of her soaking pussy and shot a thick, white stream of cum all over her curvy ass, rubbing the throbbing rod against her sullied cheeks. Liana felt her body go limp and collapsed in the water. She lifted her body slightly, still trying to grasp what she had just experienced. She looked up at Sirius with glossy eyes as he pulled his pants out of the bath and walked to the edge of the tub. He bent to grab his wand casually and muttered a charm which instantly dried them out. Her mind was foggy, still recovering from the intense sensation of her frenzied bath. "Wait. Where are you going?" She managed to ask as he pulled his shirt over his head. He looked over to her and smirked. It was a smug look that made her want to punch his teeth out, had she had the strength and energy. His eyes shined down on her deviously. "I've got plans. Lovely to meet you, Laura ." He answered as he shouldered his bag and walked to the doors. Liana felt her face grow flush with rage. Every muscle in her body was tense as she scrambled to get out of the water, but Sirius had already walked out, leaving her seething as she stared incredulously around the now empty room. "It's LIANA, you bloody prick!" She shouted at the closed doors. She got out of the tub, huffing in outrage as she picked up her clothing and pulled them on roughly. Liana looked at her disheveled reflection in the mirror. Her hair was a mess and her clothing rumpled. Even in her state of disarray, she felt a smile pull at the corner of her lips. Though she was an odd sort of Slytherin girl who didn't lust for power as much as others, she was a Slytherin for a reason and not to be trifled with. She would get back at that damn Gryffindor if it was the last thing she ever did. She would make Sirius Black pay in full for his actions. And she planned on laughing the entire time. The End.