a grin as he came up for some air, having thoroughly snogged the life out of his wife. "Please, explain to me how you could forgive Harry and Ron that quickly..." "I thought that would have been obvious..." Hermione frowned at him with a half smile on her lips. "Not exactly..." Fred shook his head and led his wife to a bench just outside the main house of the Burrow, facing the wedding tent but far enough away that no one would notice them or intrude. "It's because of you, silly," She smiled and leaned into him, kissing him sweetly as he looked at her with an even deeper frown on his face. "Me?" Fred reiterated, completely lost. "Yes, you !" Hermione laughed and swung herself around on the bench to sit crossed legged opposite him, Fred mirroring her without even thinking. "Continue on..." He gestured to her for a further, more detailed explanation. "When Harry and Ron left, they broke my heart..." "I remember..." Fred said, anger seeping into his tone. "It must have shattered into nearly a millions pieces..." Hermione looked him deep in the eyes, her own were glazed with tears. "I don't ever think I remember feeling so lost or alone or betrayed, even after I obliviated my parents, even after Ron left while we were on the run...after everything, and nothing hurt quite like that..." "I know..." Fred said softly and took her hand, soothingly sweeping his thumb over the back of her wrist. "That's why I don't understand..." "Because, Fred, you put me back together..." Her smile was so full of love that it knocked the breath out of him, even after four years of marriage and four to five children. "I never thought I'd ever feel whole again, not really, not completely. I always figured my heart and my soul would have a lot of cracks and crevices where I hadn't been able to pick up all the pieces or put them back together quite right. But then there was you...Fred, you picked up every piece that shattered and put me back together so well that I don't even remember where the cracks were! I can't see them! It's like you put me back together better than I was before and I never would have had that, I never would have had you, if Ron and Harry hadn't decided to be absolute arseholes that day and for the next five consecutive years..." Hermione laughed as tears of happiness slid down her face. "I can forgive them that quickly, because of you...I wouldn't give up what we had and what we have for anything! I haven't regretted a day of it..." She didn't get any further because Fred had finally come to his senses and much like the first time they kissed he launched himself forward and crashed their lips together like his life depended on it, because it did. He wasn't that great with words, he might have been almost as smart as Hermione but he could never really articulate his feelings all that well, so that just left his ability to show them. And he was really very good at showing her just how he felt. "Come on, upstairs with you, now!" He grinned and motioned towards the house. "What about the kids?" Hermione laughed. "They're busy with their new uncles, not to mention they'll love the fit the pair of them are likely to throw when they realise who Ginervra married..." Fred snorted as he dragged Hermione to her feet and proceeded to walk her through the house and towards his boyhood bedroom. "Draco isn't that bad anymore, I'm sure they'll come round...they've been in his company for an hour and a half without even noticing him!" Hermione pointed out as she made little to no effort dissuading her husband. "Yes, but we all know that next to George, Draco is their favourite Uncle and if Ronald is going to have a fit over anything, it's that!" Fred grinned as he pulled Hermione into the room with him. "So what? We're going for celebration time and ignoring the problem?" Hermione asked as she wound her arms around Fred's neck. "Yes, that is exactly what we're doing, because d'you know what? It's not our fucking problem," Fred said as he began kissing his way up and down Hermione's neck, eliciting the most exquisite moan from her mouth. It happened to be one of Fred's favourite sounds. "You're right, it's not," Hermione giggled as Fred niftily undid the clasp and zip on the back of her dress and stepped back to watch it pool at her feet. "Besides, they all know what we're up to..." He shrugged. "You just told me our love created another human being and you know there's only so long before I have to re-enact that love in action, I'm pretty sure they'd prefer we leave them with that mess rather than making our own in the middle of it..." He smirked at Hermione's disgusted yet laughing face. "You are despicable!" She squealed as he dropped his own clothes on the floor and ran at her, picking her up before throwing her on the bed. "Yes, I am, but I'm pretty sure that was one of the reasons why you married me..." He grinned as he began trailing kisses up and down her almost naked body. "I'm pretty sure it was despite that... oh merlin ... Fred ..." Hermione's train of thought and therefore her comeback were interrupted by Fred's insanely good ability to express his emotions in an entirely physical way. "What was that love?" Fred asked innocently. "Shut up and get on with it!" Hermione huffed, irritated by his purposeful pause. "Love it when you're pregnant," He part laughed and part growled before resuming his activities and making damn sure his wife knew just how much he loved her. No one had to break his heart first for him to know he needed her to mend it.