nod "well you could do worse, and I think that boy needs all the love and kindness he can get Susan". This brought a smile to her face "well I hope he gets to see my eye's Auntie, I truly do" she said. "Well good,right let's get you off to school and grab yourself a Lord Potter/Black" Amelia said getting off her chair. "HE'S WHAT?" Susan shouted. Amelia turned, giving Susan a half interested look "oh haven't I told you?" she asked watching her niece shake her head. "Well Sirius Black was his god parent and after he died at the ministry he left it all to Mr Potter. So now when Harry comes of age he will be head of two noble houses, the Potters and Black". Amelia watched Susan's mouth hanging wide open, "right let's get going it's school time young lady". "Lord Potter/Black who would've thought it?" Susan thought to herself with a grin which then faded. "oh no that means...". Ginny Weasley Ginny sat at her make up table gazing out of the window, watching her brother and his friend lazing about laughing and chatting the day away. She looked down at the pictures that littered her desk, family and friends alike but her eyes always lingered on her first love. He was in all of the pictures, all except one which was the most recent of them. A lovely picture of her with her new boyfriend Dean. But deep down she knew it was a sham. The crush she had for all her life and not gone away, it had grown in love in it's purest form. This summer had been the best ever, her shyness had gone and they had chatted and laughed together even with a couple of hugs thrown, in despite the scowls from her brother. She knew she wasn't the only girl who sought after his affections, but apart from that asian girl he hadn't dated anyone. Oh yes he looked, but with all his problems he shied away from girls in general. If he ever found out the effect he had on the women of Hogwarts he would run a mile. This brought a smile to her face as she played with her long red hair. Although she knew her relationship with Dean was doomed to fail, especially after the fight about her joining Harry and the others at the Ministry. He didn't want her running after Potter on his crazy adventures. He wanted to keep her safe and with him. After only a few months of dating he was already smothering her. "Sod that!" she spat. But with a sigh she knew she would at least try and stay together and hopefully her Harry will wait for her. Hermione granger The bushy haired muggle born witch was busy packing her trunk after a nice few days away at the burrow, even though she had only just seen her best friend she missed him already, and even though she had listened to Ginny talking about Dean and her problems and feelings, Hermione was lost in a stormy sea of her own emotions. She knew everyone expected that herself and Ron would get together one day, and at one time she had considered it. But the trouble was that they had nothing in common apart from Harry, who she felt she had more in common with as they always chatted and hardly ever fought unless it was life or death. Unlike Ron and her where everything was a battle, but Harry was her friend, her best friend and she didn't want to do anything that would upset that. She knew how easily teenage relationships fell apart on a regular basis and she didn't want that. "HERMIONE, LOVE IT'S TIME FOR BREAKFAST" shouted Hermione's Mum. "OK, I'LL BE DOWN IN A MINUTE" she answered and locked her finally packed trunk and pulled it after her and down the stairs. Her dad came to the bottom of the stairs with a sad smile on his face "come here love, let me put that in the car ready" and with a grunt he dragged the case outside to the car. Hermione hated to see her father so sad, but she had to go to school and he knew it. She headed to the kitchen where her Mum was making bacon rolls for breakfast and the journey to Hogwarts. She took a seat at the table and started to tuck in. "How you doing love" asked her Mum and kissing the top of her head "how many rolls should I do for your friends". She waited till she had swallowed her mouthful "I think five will do it. Harry doesn't eat much, so one each will do" and she watched her Dad sit down quietly "you ok Dad?" He gave a weak smile "I'm ok hun, just don't like seeing you leave us every year, that's all" he sighed but then sported a grin "luv you better double the amount of rolls if that Ron Weasley is on the train" and chuckled. Hermione slapped her Dad's arm "he's not that bad Dad, he's getting better". "What, does he at least chew now" added her mum making all three burst into giggles. "When are you going to ask Harry out. You're mad for each other" said her Dad through the newspaper. "Now I've told you two, we're just friends,and that is all" Hermione said firmly. Mr Granger put his paper down and sighed "just friend yea" and watched his daughter nod "I'll make you a bet. If you and Harry haven't kissed by the end of the school year, I will pick you up at the platform wearing one of your mums dresses". "DEAL" both the Granger women said laughing as they did so… I have down loaded the first three chapters, and hopefully I will add a chapter a week. and as I write the story grows away from the original plan, enjoy the ride.