bed. "Shh, it's alright, Lily," he crooned as he brushed the hair from her face, trying to soothe her. "I'm here; you're alright now, love." James continued talking and stroking her hair gently, becoming worried as her expression grew more distressed. Part of him wanted to go get Madam Pomfrey, but he didn't want to leave Lily alone in her state. "James," she whimpered as he prepared to stand up, tears slowly running down her cheeks. She shifted restlessly against the sheets, her grip on his hand tightening. "James." He brushed away her tears gently, frowning. He was somewhat pleased that she was dreaming of him, but clearly it wasn't a pleasant dream. "I'm here, Lily. I'm here; I won't leave," he murmured, kissing her knuckles lightly. "Don't be scared, Lily. Don't cry." Lily sat up with a gasp suddenly, startling James so much he almost fell off his chair. "James? James?" she choked out, her tears coming faster as her fever-bright eyes landed on him. Her hands trembled as she raised them hesitantly to him. "It's me; I'm here," James assured her, moving to sit on the edge of the bed. "It's alright now; I'm here." He pressed her hands against his cheeks, kissing the inside of her wrists lightly. The moment James pressed Lily's hands against his face, Lily burst into tears, relief and terror washing through her. She leaned against his body, her face pressed into his chest as her sobs shook her tired frame. She could still hear his pain-filled screams echoing through her head, still feel the solidness of the barrier as she pounded her fists against it, screaming for him. To see him whole in front of her, no sign of the harm that was done to him, it overwhelmed her already strained body. James was shocked by Lily's sudden tears, wasting no time in gathering her onto his lap, his arms wrapped tight around her. "It's alright, it's alright now," he crooned, rocking her gently as he smoothed her hair. "Everything's okay now. You're alright and I'm here. I'm not going anywhere." "I-I thought you were going t-to die," she choked out between her sobs, her words half muffled against his chest. Her hands fisted the front of his school shirt as her tears soaked the material. "Die?" he said in confusion. "I'm fine; it's you I've been worried about all day. Why would I die?" "I s-saw you," Lily cried, her voice cracking as the images of her nightmare flashed through her mind. "They were t-torturing you with the Cru-Cruciatus curse and you were screaming and in p-pain. I couldn't, I c-couldn't get to you." A chill went down James's spine at the mention of the Cruciatus curse. They had studied the Unforgivable curses in Defense against the Dark Arts and knew exactly why they were unforgivable. To see the curse used on someone, even if it was only in a dream, seemed terrifying. "I'm alright," he assured her, brushing his lips against her forehead. "It was just a nightmare; the fever is causing it. It's not real." It took Lily quite some time to calm down, struggling to focus on James rocking her and the quiet assurances he whispered to her. By the time her tears finally ceased, the front of his shirt was soaked and she was positive her makeup was ruined. She leaned into his body tiredly, her eyes closing as she rested her head on his shoulder. "Better?" James murmured, gently running one hand through Lily's red hair, while the other remained wrapped around her waist. Lily nodded, closing her eyes as she pressed her face against his neck. "I don't know what I'd do if something happened to you," she answered tiredly, a soft sigh leaving her lips. James's eyes widened in surprise, his hand pausing its movement momentarily. He knew how he felt toward Lily; hell, the whole bloody school knew how he felt toward Lily. Even if he stopped asking her out, he still fancied the hell out of her. But what she felt toward him, well that was his life's biggest mystery. Sure, they were mates, but that didn't seem like a comment mates would make. "I'm sure you'd be alright," he answered quietly, his palm resting lightly against her forehead. Warm, but definitely not as hot as she had been earlier. "No, no, I wouldn't be," Lily replied, raising her head to look up at him. "James, if something happened to you, I'd never be okay again. I need you to know that, alright?" He nodded in agreement, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "I know now," James murmured. "I should have told you sooner," Lily said, her eyelids drooping with exhaustion. "I'm sorry." "Don't be. Better late than never," he assured her as he shifted her in his arms. He carefully laid her back on the bed, brushing the hair from her eyes before covering her with the blanket. "Go back to sleep, love; you've got to sleep off the fever." Lily tugged at his hand gently as she struggled to stay awake. "Lay with me?" she requested quietly. "You'll keep the nightmares away." James looked down at her, his heart pounding in his chest at her words. "You sure?" he questioned. When she nodded, he sat on the edge of her bed, removing his shoes and tie before sliding beneath the blankets beside her. He was surprised when she shifted closer to him, her head resting on his shoulder and her hand resting lightly on his chest. He kissed the top of her head as he removed his glasses, setting them on the bedside table. "Go to sleep, love; I'm here now," he crooned. Her eyes closed slowly as she relaxed into his warm body, her breathing starting to deepen. "I need you, James," she mumbled sleepily. "I need you to know that." "I do know," he whispered as she fell asleep. "I need you too, Lily." Reviews please!