and one who was important enough to attract attention and "noble and brave" enough (meaning stupid and naïve) to be ordered around by Dumbledore. James Potter was perfect as he met all of Dumbledore's requirements, one of the most important was to donate a large portion (or most) of his large inheritance to the Order (or rather Dumbledore) and to leave he rest of his estate also to the Order and/or Hogwarts (also meaning Dumbledore). Once James and Lily were married and Lily was pregnant, then Charlus Potter would probably die for some reason as…well there was a war on and people were dying right and left and it was only going to get worse because Dumbledore had a feeling - and the means and brass balls to see that it happened. Everything was working oh so well until that %*#%*#& Charlus Potter pulled one (or rather a lot) over on Dumbledore. Then he disappeared and would stay gone so that no one could get at him or his new heir(s) including Voldemort and definitely not Dumbledore. Damn the man! James and Sirius were still useful as they were Order members and Dumbledore owned them body and soul. They were easily talked out of most of their yearly income and they were ripe and ready to get into any mischief, just like they had at Hogwarts. But when both Marauders had been tested and found lacking, yet again Dumbles had to change his plans. Now who was going to "do the dirty deed" was the new problem. Dumbles decided that it would be one of the Prewett twins, as that family was known to be fertile – and mischievous. They readily agreed to participate in the "prank" and once their specimens were tested and found to be viable, the only thing left was to do the dirty deed to Lily Evans. That was when another setback occurred. Lily Evans had disappeared without a trace, along with her parents, sister and brother-in-law. After actually slipping Veritaserum into Filius Flitwick's cup of tea, Dumbledore learned that due to all of the hateful, hurtful and uncalled for slander that had become Lily's lot, it was decided that she and her family would leave Britain's scared shores, probably forever, to start a new life. "You can't blame the poor girl" an angry Flitwick shouted. He was furious what had been done to Lily as well as being given Veritaserum against his will. "Charlus Potter arranged it all through his solicitors, including money to relocate and new Muggle documents such as passports and the like. Lily's brother-in-law didn't want to leave but some 'police' showed up at his workplace and told his superiors that his in-laws had witnessed a crime and were being placed under something called the Witness Protection Program and their daughters and son-in-law were also at risk so they had to leave too. From the little Lily told me, the police asked for and obtain a few recommendations praising 'the bearer of the letter' as an excellent employee, etc., so he could obtain employment – wherever it is they are going." "Elwick, the Unspeakable and I also gave Lily the glowing recommendations she deserved. She couldn't tell us where they were going or even if all five of them were going to the same place. However, she told us that 'If it gets me away from Potter, Black, Pure-bloods snobs and most especially that' – and this is a direct quote – '#*$&#&#&( &&*( piece of $*#$#&&*&* Albass Dumbledipshit, it will be well worth it'." The Veritaserum had worn off and Flitwick left the office in disgust. After he had turned his back and made his way over to the door, he smiled slightly as it was a pensive-worthy memory to see the expression on Dumbledore's face when he heard that Lily and all of her family escaped him. He knew that Dumbledore would not give up whatever plans he had made concerning Lily Evans, but the Leader of the Light would be disappointed as Charlus had planned meticulously so there would be no mistakes. He had even paid a Muggleborn expert to run something called a computer program to insure that "all bases had been covered" – a Muggle expression which meant to deal with every possibility of a situation or activity. He hoped that he could use that someday. Of course, the war effort might become even worse than it currently was. Dumbledore had "convinced" the Ministry to order the Aurors not to use "dark spells" as that would only serve to darken their own souls. Another reason was it would give the Death Eaters (poor, misguided souls that they were) the opportunity to see the error of their ways and repent. Aurors couldn't use them but Death Eaters could, did and now things were going very badly in the war. Anybody with a brain and/or common sense (so rare in wizards) would consider that "horse hockey" – another Muggle expression meaning, among other things, false or deceitful statements, lies, exaggerations, nonsense, etc. Okay, Filius had come across a Muggle book listing some of the more "interesting" expressions and he was delighted with it. Unlike wizards, Muggles were so creative especially in the written word. Although James was noted as an ultimate prankster, it was little known that in his own school days Charlus was no slouch in playing pranks. Of course, it never amounted to the total pranks that James played, but when he did prank, Charlus was never caught and was extremely creative. However, once he left school he stopped because he had outgrown it whereas James never would. When Filius reached his private quarters, he poured himself a bit of scotch whiskey (a present from Minnie) and settled down to read a good book. Then it hit him, Charlus had just successfully pulled off the "Greatest Prank" of all on the self-proclaimed greatest pranksters and the Great Manipulator. And they would probably never know it! THE END