of her. "Leave her alone." "Actually Weasel it changes everything." Draco looked passed him to Hermione. "Five minutes, please?" "Five minutes," Hermione said with a nod. "I suggest you go talk with Brown, Weasley. Unless of course you're not too interested in actually having your daughter?" Draco smirked until Hermione jabbed him in the ribs and looked him down. "Your five minutes start now, so unless you want to spend them riling my friends up, I'd begin talking." Hermione folded her arms and waited. Draco quickly pulled her into an empty corridor. "You drive me crazy and I can promise you that we will never reach a point where you don't. We will always argue, we will always disagree over everything and we will never let our grievances with each other lie. I know without a doubt that a relationship between the two of us would up end the world and destroy practically everything I know and love...we would never be the same again." Draco sighed. "I agree with you, on all points." Hermione nodded, hiding her growing disappointment well. He was after all, Draco Malfoy. He'd hated her for a long time, not to mention he could have any girl he liked and she was just a plain Jane amongst most of them. "That being said, I was hoping you'd still fancy giving it a shot." He shifted awkwardly on the spot and Hermione had to stop herself from gaping at the not-quite-so-confident Malfoy. "Wh...what?" Hermione managed to stammer. "Well..." Draco huffed at himself for his lack of words and revere. "Five children kind of makes it seem like it was worth it...people who don't love each other don't have five children, they have one...like my parents or Theo's parents or Pansy's..." "But you just said I will always drive you crazy and we would never stop arguing and you're life as you know it would be destroyed..." Hermione frowned at him in confusion. "Granger, you've already changed me and my life. If it weren't for you I'd be the perfect clone of my father and you weren't even trying. So, I can safely say that being with you would destroy the man I am today, but I don't much like him anyway, nor the life he currently lives so..." Draco shrugged. "But Malfoy..." "You will always drive me crazy, because it's you. But you challenge me and make me think. You never fall at my feet or tell me what I want to hear, you don't and would never dote on me or let me get away with being a pompous arse..." Draco sighed. "You amaze me and intrigue me and now I can't hide behind my false beliefs, I can't hide how that really makes me feel..." "Draco...I don't know..." Hermione's voice trembled despite her attempt to stop it. "Sure you do, you just called me Draco." He grinned and she looked down in embarrassment. He stepped towards her, effectively pining her against the wall. "Malfoy..." "Granger." Draco put his thumb and forefinger on her chin and pulled her head up to meet his gaze. "I have a hunch that we would be great together...that we'd be unstoppable together...that when we get to the point where we're having children, our love would be so great not even the stars could outshine it." Hermione started to giggle. Draco wanted to look affronted but he couldn't help the little amused smile escape his lips. The sound of her chuckling sent shivers up and down his spine and made his heart beat ever faster. Hermione caught her breath at his smile. His genuine, full of goodness and warmth, smile. She'd never seen him smile like that and it made him almost irresistible. She found herself wanting to kiss him more than she'd ever wanted to kiss another person. "You're such a romantic sap! Who knew?!" She laughed. "I'll give you bloody romantic!" He laughed back, giving her no time to react as he leant forwards and pressed his lips against hers. Hermione flung her arms around his neck and smiled as Draco pushed her into the wall and gripped her hips with his hands. He thrust his tongue into her mouth, demanding more and grinning as she matched him dance for dance and flick for flick. They finally pulled apart a few minutes later and panting, Draco rested his forehead against Hermione's. "You are the only one who knows I'm that romantic and you're the only one who ever will!" Draco smirked. "What the hell are the rest of the school going to say?" Hermione sighed, not as worried about it as she thought she should be. "Screw the rest of the school, we're only here a couple more months." Draco shrugged. "I've spent too much time caring what they all think and maintaining a bloody awful reputation..." "What about your parents?" Hermione asked. "Screw them too." Draco shrugged again. "I'll survive." He pulled Hermione away from the wall and slung an arm around her shoulder, walking with her out of their deserted corridor and towards their next class. Their friends all looked wide eyed at them as they came around the corner. "Hermione?" Ron asked in a strangled voice. "Our children were quite a few years old, add that to the years we're likely to have been together before that and it became increasingly obvious that we should probably get used to this pretty quickly, same goes to the lot of you," Hermione said. "But Hermione..." Ron started. "Ron, this isn't up for debate. I actually kind of like Draco when he isn't being a git and it turns out the fastest way to stop him from being a git is to date him." Hermione shrugged. "You and Granger?!" Pansy looked aghast. "Yes, me and Granger." Draco grinned and continued on down the corridor past the openly gaping faces of their classmates. Unbeknown to them, their relationship would change not only their world, but the one around them too.