taking over the whole room. The explosion blew apart the room, fire licking up the sides of the room and out the windows for more fuel. Wood and glass fell around them, and the sister had no choice but to shield her siblings from the houses' wrath. Magical infused glass and wood got through her defense, slicing through the twin's skin and cutting patterns of magical designs into their cells. It was this moment that Fate decision was final and nothing could turn it back. Fate determined Destiny. Morning had yet to come, the sun still in a deep slumber and the moon wide awake to shine down on a little village in view. It witnessed a tragedy almost over a year ago today, and now it seemed as if that day had never occurred with the snow lapping at people's feet and falling into their hair. Tomorrow would be a day of celebration, a day where people could revel in the fact they survived another year and make hopes and wishes for the next. Today, however, was a day a little girl mourned for the family she once had. In view of the full moon, a little girl with hair so vibrant it could have been the bright crimson of blood, mourned the day as the clock ticked by the last few seconds of the night. Today was an important day for her, one that should have been cherished and celebrated, but was instead forgotten and neglected. Bright emeralds glistened, a shine overcoming the bright color to cover them in jade. Lights flickered out in those windows, burning desperately to catch the next current before it died out. The other occupation in the household had all forgotten this day, the day a flame flickered to life for the very first time. The little fire couldn't hate the people who she shared the house with, nor could she love them like she once had. She could understand it the first year it happened, the war finally ending and people still being paranoid over every shadow cast. Now, over a year from that horrible day where everything had gone up in flames, they still paid no attention to their first born daughter. Oh, she knew they tried. She knew that there wasn't a day that went by where they didn't feel guilty for choosing her younger siblings over her, but that didn't stop the fact that they kept choosing the same option over and over again. With every question left unasked, every day left unmarked, every accomplishment left uncelebrated; it cracked the frail glass that resided in her chest until that was all there was. Today it shattered into a million pieces, leaving nothing but a deep rooting anger and resentment in its place. Today was her birthday, gone unnoticed and forgotten in the rush of whatever meeting her parents had. They would only remember three months from now, begging for forgiveness and being their little angel she would give it to them because she just didn't have the heart to not to. She didn't want to forgive them, though, she wanted to leave them behind like they left her behind. As the clock struck twelve, signaling a new dawn, her wish came true. Ember Lily Potter vanished, died, in that one second in time as if she had never existed in the first place. Ember's parents didn't notice for quite a while, the empty space at the table in the morning being mistaken for a sleeping-in child that didn't want to get up. Lily and James, the parents of young Ember, weren't home for dinner and supper was assumed that she had already gone to bed after having her last meal of the day. It was only the next day around noon for dinner did they become worried, something unsettling in their stomach as they searched the house for their eldest. The search came up futile, not a word heard from their daughter. When there was only one room left – rarely used and never occupied because it was for an important guest, usually family – they were left to panic as they gazed at the family tapestry at their family branch. Throughout the whole tree, branches had died off or intertwined with others, showing that the family was a dying house with very few members to carry on the name. At their branch, once strong and flourishing, there were only two twigs coming from their names where there should have been three. Ember Lily Potter seemed to never have existed. Word: 3425 Page: 6 Night: I have re-written this, as it was dying to do so and I told you when I put this up I would re-write it a half a dozen times. I have been planning this story for about two years now, maybe even going on three now that I think about it, and I'm glad I waited so long. Just last week I changed a critical part of my story to make sure you didn't have to deal with too many OCs being plucked in there, though there are still a lot, mainly because there aren't many known students besides the Weasley's twins and Lee, along with their girlfriends, that are in Hogwarts during my protagonist's years. Therefore, I needed to create them Hope you won't mind - I plan to flesh them out a lot though so hopefully you guys don't even notice. Right now I'm dealing with a big development in fourth year and beyond (Chamber of Secrets) because the story could go two different ways at that point. But until then I'm not going to worry about it. One has to happen either way and the second end can be vetoed in a heartbeat if I deem it not being a popular and good story line. I thank you for taking the time to read this, it's certainly one of my favorite stories I'm working on right now. Updated: 4/8/16 Re-written: 11/22/16