reached. The silencing charm was removed and they went over to her. Apparently Remus had been chosen to pronounce sentence. "Hermione…I'm sorry. You can't be trusted. Even though we know you were magicked mostly by Dumbledore and then others, and technically it wasn't your fault you acted that way, well in some ways it was because of your…personality. You always believe you are right about everything and if someone has a difference of opinion they are wrong. You have your sense of morality which is a good thing but you try to force it onto other people without listening to their point of view…and you always will." "But usually I am right" Hermione wailed out in defense. "I know what is right and wrong while so many people in the magical world – like Malfoys and other Death Eaters – don't. It is my duty as a rational, logical, thinking person to try and correct errors AND I REALLY DID TRY TO HELP HARRY. I THOUGHT I WAS HELPING HARRY BECAUSE LORD KNOWS HE NEEDED HELP AND DUMBLEDORE SAID…." "See what Fleur and I mean" Susan said to Liam Kelly and Kevin Smith. "She's never going to change and will be nothing more than a hindrance. She'll end up getting people killed if they don't agree with her. You know, just like she helped in setting Harry up for doom, disaster and abuse by 'helping Dumbledore help Harry' and his MURDER at the hands of %#*%&$^#&^&# Weasley." Hermione panicked as she knew what the verdict was going to be. "You can't kill me! YOU HAVE NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY TO KILL ME! You'd be just as bad as Death Eaters if you…." "And we are not" Remus said gently. "We are just going to…set you free. You're on your own." "What?" she asked. "You can't be trusted Granger" Fleur snapped out. "Someone will cast a spell on you, potion you and you'll never notice it was done. Or your humongous ego will be flattered, stroked and you will again be led astray and end up betraying us all. I will not risk my life with someone like you supposedly 'at my back' any more than the others." "But where will I go, what will I do?" she asked starting to cry. "I want to help. I need to help if only to atone for my…mistakes. I can be of great service and help save Muggleborns and their families and…." "There aren't any left to save" Liam Kelly said sadly. "Some did manage to get out but between the Ministry hunting Muggleborns down for 'stealing magic' and the names and addresses sent to Death Eaters – by certain 'trustworthy' Order members - many have been killed or have manage to flee and hopefully survived. As it stands now, this meeting was to inform Remus and Susan that the underground railroad movement is over before it could begin. We didn't know that they were bringing you here which is why Fleur lashed out as her 'experience' with you is not good. We didn't know you survived and quite frankly there are others besides Fleur and Susan that hoped you were dead." Hermione was crying harder and tears were flowing freely. She looked at Remus hoping to get some sympathy and that he try to talk some sense into the others. He knew this and again, very gently said, "I can't help you Hermione. You have to go." He told her it was decided that she would remain bound to the tree for one half hour. He knew that she had her bottomless bag with her and her wand would be left at her feet. After the half hour the bounds would end and she would be free to do whatever she wanted. He strongly suggested that she hide in the Muggle world and not use her wand unless it was absolutely necessary as the Ministry was monitoring magic usage in Muggle areas and she was too well-known in magical circles and there were wanted posters with her picture and a G1,000 bounty had been placed on her. They would be going back to the hideout and collecting all people and supplies that were there and find a temporary place to move until, if they could, leave the country – or died in the attempt. What he didn't tell her was that he and the others were going to stop fighting in a war which they could not hope to win. All they wanted to do now was escape and survive. Britain was going to be ruled by Voldemort as he had already won. Harry Potter had been the only hope and Ron Weasley had gained his position and fame by murdering him. Due to Ron's betrayal Voldemort was hiding his Horcruxes and could not be defeated. All that remained now was catching the few remaining fighters who yet lived, rounding up any Muggleborns still at large and the rewards given to those who "earned them" such as certain Ministry officials, Death Eaters and the most shameful of betrayers - Ronald Bilius Weasley the "Best Mate." The war had ended and the "good guys" had lost. There was only two things for them to do now – survive and escape – if at all possible. Once the five had left, they stopped worrying about Hermione Granger, as her fate was totally in her own hands. Remus, and the others, knew that if (and probably when) she was captured, there would be no offer, no special placement for her despite her intelligence, dedication and magical power, but only a quick death – if she was very, very lucky. If Ron or certain other people found her first, she would be a long time a dying. But that was her problem as they had too many of their own to spend another minute thinking about the "brightest witch of her age" and her fate. It wasn't their fault that she had chosen unwisely. THE END