the man no one would ever get to know. — August 2nd, 1998 — Harry sat shell shocked on the chair in the infirmary. It had been three months since the battle. Three months since Headmaster Severus Snape had given his life to protect him. Yet. Somehow he wasn't dead. He'd slipped into a coma and no one knew if he'd ever awaken. So here he sat next to the bed in the secluded room in the back of the infirmary at Hogwarts. While all around this room wizards and witches worked to restore the castle to it's former glory. Hogwarts magic had retreated to it's heart and lay dormant. Almost as though Hogwarts itself was in a coma along with it's headmaster. Minerva McGonagall had taken over as Headmistress, but it was clear even to her that Hogwarts did not recognize her as it's true Head. There was no doubt in anyone's mind that the castle's magic still clung to Severus. Severus Snape A man Harry didn't know what to make of. He had seen memories that the man had given him, but somehow he knew that it wasn't the whole story. Severus had allowed Harry only to see the surface of his love, but somehow Harry knew there was so much more to it then that. So much more to the story then unrequited love. No somehow it didn't make sense to Harry that Severus would have loved his mother like that. Everything he knew about the man told him that he wasn't the kind of man to let his love be unspoken. Especially not to someone as close to him as Lily had clearly been. No there was more then met the eyes. He'd been trying to piece together the pieces ever since the battle ended and the celebrations began. He'd not attended them until three days later. Like many who'd fought in the battle Harry had been helping to identify the wounded, recover the bodies of those who fell. Helping with organizing temporary living spaces for those who'd been left without a home after war. To help organize the funerals of those who'd died. Only then had he allowed himself to be pulled along by Hermione, Ginny and Ron to the parties and celebrations. Hermione and Ron hadn't lasted past the first month of peace. Harry had known they wouldn't. They had been so different. Even before the war. Ron had been infatuated, but fame and glory had changed his friend. Ron had started flirting with the witches who sought him out. Acting as though he didn't have a girlfriend. Hermione had not handled it well and they had rowed about it and broken up. Hermione was happy now. Or so Harry thought. She had come back to Hogwarts and started to help rebuilt. It was her spells that kept Severus in this state. Harry turned his dull green eyes onto the man who lay as if peacefully asleep looking far younger then he truly was or ever had. His face slack and peaceful. Dark black eyelashes fluttering against stone white skin. It fascinated Harry as he watched the man's face how his eyes seemed to move. Tracking who knew what. Long black hair, no longer greasy, lay sprawled over his pillow. Thin scars were visible on his neck, but somehow added to his overall appearance. Without the scowl Harry could see what Hermione had said about Severus looking handsome was true. Shaking his head Harry chuckled. His thoughts were certainly weird today. Though honestly he didn't even try and analyze that one. He looked instead to the leather bound journal he held in his lap. It was alive with magic. He could feel it pulse against his hand which rested on the cover. It had appeared on his bedside table early that morning. As if some magic or a house elf had decided he need to have it. He felt magic on it before he'd even fully registered it's presence. Somehow the magic felt like Hogwarts at first and then shifted to feel different. Almost alien and yet so very comforting. He ran his fingers over the words etched in gold on it's cover 'From the pages of'. If Harry had to guess he would say that the title was incomplete. Almost as if the journal was waiting for a name to be added. Somehow he doubted one ever would be. Slowly he pulled the cover open finding no resistance from the thrumming of magic. What he read on the pages that lay before him. Only reading the first entry before he had to close the journal again least he dissolve into tears. How odd was it to be sitting here beside the very man who spoke to him through the words of a journal? Harry shivered. He knew from the entry that Severus hadn't expected to survive, even if a small ray of hope had lingered in his words. He simply wanted to Harry to understand why he'd been how he'd been. How Harry wished everyone would see the true hero. Yet somehow he knew no one would. They wanted a legend. Not a shadow. How unfair it was. He closed his eyes and felt the weight of all the lost chances and opportunities. All the loss and grief. All the pain and destruction of this war wash over him. Eighteen years old and already he felt older then Albus. How apropos. The boys-who-lived-to-feel-old. Harry chuckled at his own morose thoughts. "The things we do. We do for love." Harry whispered aloud. Looking into the face of a man he really didn't know. Did anyone? Rising determined that when Severus woke. Yes it was a when, he refused to even cater the idea that Severus would not wake. WHEN he woke, he would not be met with distrust as he expects to be. Harry would insure of that. If it was the last thing he did. It was time that Severus's story gold told.