appeared and it was sincerely hoped they would have a year to restart the program and save their citizens. Some families like the Creeveys and Perks had already been relocated when the tragedy struck. However, despite losing an entire generation of Magical children the Muggle government was proceeding with the plan as well as evacuating the families of their Magical employees. They knew it was a nuclear device but also knew the British Ministry of Magic would declare it dark magic and considering some of the fools in charge of the Ministry retaliation against all "Mudbloods" and their families might start and they had to be prepared. Another person who was worried about the "fools in charge" was Voldemort himself. Despite what Dumbledore had said about him and all of the lies the Greatest Wizard since Merlin told about Tom Riddle and the evil Lord Voldemort, You-Know-Who or Voldemort (whatever it was you called him) was not stupid and knew exactly what Muggles were capable of doing. However, like others in Magical Britain, he just went along with the general opinion but only in order to recruit followers to his crusade. At the beginning of "Dumbledore's War" as Tom/Voldemort referred to it, Tom Riddle had only been trying to prevent Britain from turning into what Dumbledore wanted it to. Dumbledore wanted to "dumb down Magic" and destroy the tradition, culture and yes, the various religions of the Magical World. He had succeeded in Britain since he was Headmaster of Hogwarts and controlled the curriculum of "his school" and could mold young minds into what he wanted them to become, to think, to practice. At first Tom had been trying to save his world but then…he developed…problems…and his original crusade did a complete turnaround onto a path of destruction. For some reason he foolishly made more Horcruxes and recruited the dregs of the earth to his side. Only his "meeting" with the 15 month old Harry Potter had stopped him. He hadn't known why until just recently, after he resurrected and then found out vital information. He was slowly changing his tactics and going back to what he originally had been doing and as far as he knew, Dumbledore didn't know he had regained his sanity and wasn't rushing into disaster by falling into the traps Dumbledore had set for him. However, the "tragedy" had changed all of that as no matter what the real reason it had occurred in both Muggle and Magical Worlds he would be blamed for it. Unbelievable as it may seem, Tom Riddle still had contacts in the Muggle World and he now contacted them and swore his most sacred oath that he was not responsible for the loss of a generation. "I agree with the hypothesis that terrorists unleased their latest weapon to tell the world just how dangerous they are" he stated in the letter he sent to his contacts. "It makes perfect sense attacking an isolated place where there was no need for security or protection. I wouldn't be surprised if some Magical provided the location. It definitely wasn't me but I will be blamed for it by everybody if only because although I am 'officially dead and remaining that way' an unfathomable thing has occurred which is beyond the understanding of a British Magical due to Britain's separation from reality thanks to Albus Dumbledore. It might sound paranoid on my part BUT I wouldn't be surprised if this was a desperate attempt to force me to reveal my presence if only because… ALBUS DUMBLEDORE SURVIVED and I would not put anything passed him." Dumbledore had survived because he had been conducting an Order of the Phoenix meeting at its new Headquarters at Grimmauld Place and thus was not at Hogwarts. The night before Severus Snape had found out some very vital information regarding Voldemort's plans but he had been discovered spying by some of his fellow Death Eaters. He had dueled them to escape and bring back this information but had been severely wounded. He wasn't capable of attending the meeting due to these injuries and was being treated in his private quarters by Madam Pomfrey. Nobody cared about Severus' bravery and definitely not his injuries as most Order members were $&*#$&*#^&*$&#. It always amused Dumbledore how much his biggest pawn next to Harry Potter was hated and despised by those whose lives he was helping to save. Minerva McGonagall was also not at the meeting because she had to cover for Dumbledore as Delores Umbridge was conducting her reign of terror and snooping around. Dumbledore knew that Harry Potter was serving another painful detention with Umbridge which involved the illegal use of a blood quill. McGonagall couldn't prevent it but Albus wanted her to be available just in case Delores tried a different tactic. Hagrid wasn't there either as Dumbledore had him doing some "important duties" at Hogwarts and the gentle half-giant had to be on the lookout for Umbridge if she came snooping around. Therefore Albus Dumbledore was the only resident of Hogwarts not at the school when "IT" happened. He was the only survivor of Hogwarts, Hogsmeade and the Forbidden Forest and he was horrified but not due to survivor's guilt but because he believed that Voldemort – or some other wizard – had been the cause of the destruction of an entire generation by using a type of Magic that Albus Dumbledore didn't know about. The thought that Tom Riddle or another unknown wizard was more powerful than Albus Dumbledore was frightening…and could not be allowed. It was an unwritten law that since the defeat of Gellert Grindelwald, there could be no other wizard more powerful or versed in Magic than Albus Dumbledore. Now the only thing which matter to Dumbledore was determining who was responsible for the destruction of Hogwarts and then learning about the Magic for his own purposes and power. While he planned Britain wept for her children. Nothing would ever be the same again.