wife." Williams grinned. "I know, sir. She won't let me forget it," he said with a chuckle. Grogan smiled slightly, then went into his house. Williams waited until Grogan was inside the house before he continued along his way, Apparating in a side alley. ... They were pulled out of the Pensieve as the picture faded. Ginny was silent for a moment, Pansy watching her. "So the job is to protect the Minister?" Ginny asked. Pansy nodded, shutting the wardrobe door and heading back into her office. "Well, why didn't you just say that?" Ginny muttered, following Pansy. "Because, sooner or later, we always end up in the Pensieve in order to explain how it began. This way, you learn all about it before you ask the questions. Now, do you have any questions?" Pansy asked, a slight grin on her face. "How many people are in the Cloffice? I mean, do you really need as many as you have just to protect one person?" "I should have been more specific, my apologies. One of the jobs is to protect the Minister. As the years have changed, so has the Cloffice. We now protect the entire of the Ministry, as well as the wizarding population in England. As the largest Cloffice in the world, we are responsible for a lot of people," Pansy said. "We have over forty people in our employment, all of them in varying fields of expertise, but all of them with the same objective to protect our way of life." "What are the varying fields of expertise?" Ginny asked curiously. She had no idea how the training centre (school) could protect the wizarding population with geography and languages. Or a woman undressing . "You will learn more about it later. If you accept, that is. If not, well ... I already told you what happens. You lose two hours from your life, believe it was just paperwork, and maybe have the occasional nightmare about green paper planes. Which may or may not already be occurring," Pansy said with a smirk. Ginny just raised an eyebrow at Pansy, not wanting to admit that it was the truth. "Now, are you interested in the training?" Pansy asked. "What will everyone else think if I accept? Will they just think that I've been transferred?" Ginny asked. "They will all believe that you have been fired from your job," Pansy replied, seeming surprised at her question. "Everyone knows about the Cloffice, and what they think it means to be sent here." "I know that, but if I still come to the Ministry everyday for this job, they will want to know why," Ginny replied. "That and my mother would most likely be on the doorstep every day for weeks demanding the Ministry give me my job back," she muttered, shaking her head. By now the entire Ministry would know that Ginevra "Ginny" Weasley, Assistant to the Head of the Department for Regulations and Control of Magical Creatures, had been sent to the Centaur Liaison Office. And if the entire of the Ministry did know, then her father would too, and her mother would be at the Ministry in a matter of minutes. "This is not the only entrance to the Cloffice," Pansy said, sounding amused. "If you accept the training, then both Floo and Portkey transports are given to you." "All right," Ginny murmured, thinking of the 'job'. She still had no idea what the job actually entailed, and the 'training' was a mystery, no matter what she had seen in those rooms. But Ginny was intrigued as to what the Cloffice did to protect the wizarding population that the Ministry wasn't already doing. With Harry as an Auror, the Ministry had managed to apprehend and put over twenty Death Eaters to trial. "I accept," Ginny said firmly. In a small part of her brain, she fervently hoped that she wouldn't regret this decision. "Excellent. Please read and sign this contract, then you can go home. We will ensure that appropriate job interviews are sent to you at the Burrow, so that you have an excuse to be out as long as you will be," Pansy said. It sounded like she had done this before , Ginny thought, and said as much. "I have," Pansy replied with a smirk. There was a knock at the door and one of the wizard-guards looked into the office. "Madam Director? Miss Weasley's mother is outside the Cloffice. She wants to see you," the wizard-guard said. "Very well. One moment," Pansy said with a nod. The wizard-guard looked relieved, and shut the door as he returned to his imposing position in front of Pansy's door. "I'll deal with her," Ginny said, reading the last of the contract. She signed it, then headed out of the office before Pansy could say a word. Pansy flicked her wand, and the contract filed itself in a drawer. She followed after Ginny, intrigued as to what she would do. "I'd like to apologise about the office in advance. I hope you have insurance," Ginny muttered, pulling something out of her bag. Pansy's eyes widened ever-so-slightly as she realised that it was a firecracker. Then her face settled in to a smirk, and she stepped back. "We have insurance," she replied. "I WANT TO TALK WITH MY DAUGHTER! AND THE MINISTER! AND WHOEVER ELSE DID THIS TO MY DAUGHTER!" Molly's voice rang out through the Ministry, and Ginny was sure that even the Aurors were hiding under their desks. She muttered to herself about her mother's behaviour, then lit the firecracker. "Good luck. See you next week," Pansy said, then returned through to the proper Cloffice without a second look back. Ginny grinned, and let go of the firecracker. She threw in a few spells and hexes, just to make it even worse, then headed out of the Centaur Liaison Office to face her mother. ... ( a/n: Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter.) ...