her being, she made sure to make those lessons as miserable for him as possible. But everything changed once he saw the awful memory of the OWLs incident. It was then that she saw how different he was from both of his parents. It was quite tempting to tell him all about her pain but held back and told him only about her encounters with his father and godfather (omitting her suicidal thoughts that stemmed from them, of course). She never saw anyone look so betrayed in her life. She decided to act a little nicer to him from then on (except in front of Dolores Umbridge, of course). They didn't know that when Dolores Umbridge demanded Veritaserum from her, it was tempting to force-feed her a poison. She looked at her snakes and felt disappointed on how they were sucking up to the Ministry toad (yes, she used that term as well). She saw Vincent Crabbe choking Neville Longbottom and dryly told him to loosen his hold before the latter suffocated, resulting in tedious paperwork and Dementor exposure. When Harry yelled his cryptic message, she coldly responded that she didn't have time for gibberish screamed at her but notified the Order as soon as possible. The mutt still died because her mockery about his new prison got to him so he, against orders, fought in the Department of Mysteries and got killed off by that nutter of a cousin Bellatrix Lestrange. It was kind of hard to feel sorry for the mutt, but she couldn't help but pity poor Harry who was grief-stricken and heartbroken over someone who could've been a proper father figure. They didn't know how vindicated she felt when she killed Dumbledore on his orders. Not only was she able to spare her goddaughter from the trauma of killing someone but she finally got to do something to the old manipulative geezer. The Killing Curse escaped from her lips, and she watched the headmaster tumble off the Astronomy Tower. With everyone thinking she was a real Death Eater, it was time for the real games to begin. It was hard having to fight a pursuing Harry off, especially when he tried using her own inventions against her like his father did during their school days. Her last thoughts as she ran off with Rhea and the Death Eaters were I'm sorry, Harry. They didn't know that going through the school year as Headmistress was incredibly difficult. She nearly cried herself to sleep, knowing that students were being tortured daily for their detentions. The pleas on the students' faces as they silently begged her to have mercy and stop the terror, the sobs of first years as they trudged to and from their detentions, the cruelty of her own snakes as they enjoyed the Dark Arts lessons from Amycus Carrow, the stuff they were spewing from their Muggle Studies, everything. It was quite the relief when it was discovered that Harry was somewhere in the vicinity, even though he and the other teachers confronted her and battled her. Having no choice, she fled the school to the arms of her "master." They didn't even know that for the past nineteen years she wished she would just die and how hard it was to not kill herself. Her wand was locked up at night, she clung tightly to her wedding ring, and constantly reminded herself that Voldemort was still alive and that he needed to be dealt with before she went. When Voldemort insinuated that he was going to kill her for the Elder Wand's power, she panicked. It wasn't time yet! Harry didn't know that he needed to die in order for Voldemort to become mortal again. But he hissed and the snake attacked her. Blood was gushing out her neck as she gasped desperately for breath that wasn't coming and fell against the wall and slid to the floor. I regret it , he said, but she knew he was lying. Voldemort didn't regret. Not like she. Then Harry ran in, and then she knew everything was going to be all right. "Take them..." Silvery memories were streaming out of her eyes, mouth, and ears. Harry recognised what she meant and caught the vial conjured by Hermione Granger before placing them under her head to grab them. When he was done she whispered, "Look at me, Harry." Once their eyes had met, she stared in wonder at the eyes of her ex-best friend and the eyes of the boy who would save the Wizarding world. "You can do it. Defeat him. Save the Wizarding world. Good-bye…H-Harry…" Her life and the light in her vision faded away as she closed her eyes and took one final breath. She was finally free. They didn't know how happy and honoured she felt as she watched from above to see Harry and Rhea name one of their fraternal twins Melanie Celeste. It really showed how much she had meant to the couple during her time. She just hoped that Melanie's older brother James Sirius wouldn't bully his sister like his namesakes did. It was actually going to be interesting to see how their lives would turn out. But for now, she had her husband beside her. Everything was good for her. Perhaps, one day, she could find it in her to forgive the Marauders and Lily for what they did to her during their school days. And if she ever did, she would feel the best she ever had in forever. The very best. AN 4: In case it wasn't clear, Rhea Malfoy is fem!Draco. Yes, Harry ends up with her in this universe instead of Ginny (sorry, Harry/Ginny shippers). They have four children: James Sirius, Scorpius Hyperion, Melanie Celeste (who is a fem!Albus Severus), and Lily Narcissa. I just needed to add this for some more background. AN 5: This was very angsty, wasn't it? Reviews are greatly appreciated, and thanks in advance to those of you who do!