would have known he'd one day be fucking Harry Potter, but who was he to say no to a free fuck. Draco winked at Potter, which successfully made the other teen turn his face away in embarrassment, before he grabbed a hold of his own cock, stroking it a few times, before he moved into place, aligning his cock's head with Potter's now wide spread hole. Potter made a sound in approval, when Draco started pushing his cock inside him. As soon as he was fully seated inside Potter, Draco took a moment to take a breath, before his hands found hold of Potter's hips. "Fuck, just move goddammit." Potter grunted, impatiently pushing his ass backwards. And for once it was Draco who did as Potter told him to. And he had no regrets. Potter's ass around his cock was something else. The other male's hole clenching around his shaft from time to time, making Draco's breath hitch with every single clench. He wasn't sure how long any of them lasted. He just knew that by the time he came he was rocking his hips so hard it hurt. He collapsed on top of Potter, his seeds filling up the golden boy. Potter seemingly haven released himself only moments before Draco. Both of them panting heavily as they lay in a pile of sweat, cum and bodies on the floor. Draco finally collected himself enough to pull away from Potter, his limp cock slipping out Potter's hole with a sound, which filled up the silent room. Potter curled up on the floor, Draco sending him one look, before he swished his wand, cleaning himself from cum and freeing himself from the smell of sex. He strode over to the pile containing his clothes, silently getting dressed. When he was fully clothed he turned to Potter, throwing said male's wand to him, being careful not to touch it too much. After all the thing had been inside Potter's ass. Draco nodded to Potter before he unlocked the door and left the room, striding inside the Great hall, eating late breakfast. Good thing it was Saturday. It had been a little over a week since the episode with Potter in the broom cupboard. Neither of them had approached the other or spoken as much as a word during said week. Draco didn't mind the slightest. That was if it hadn't been for the fact that, if he was honest with himself, he wanted to let out his stress over the task Voldemort had given him. What better way to release stress than to fuck Potter into the floor. Potter on the other hand had seemed less cheerful, he had fallen asleep during most classes and more often asked to use the bathroom than any other student in the whole castle as far as Draco knew. While Draco was feeling fantastic or as fantastic as any 16 year old with his burden could feel, Potter seemed miserable. The coming week, weird things started happening. The first case was a Ravenclaw girl in her 7th year. The rumors about her spread like a wildfire, especially because it seemed a Slytherin had been involved. The Ravenclaw girl was what seemed to be 5 weeks pregnant. It was a scandal. Never in Hogwarts history had a student been pregnant on the school's property. Draco had heard Mudblood Granger boast about how the school had apparently cast charms, which should make pregnancies impossible on school ground. Of course, said charms were checked and they were all in place. Untouched. The Ravenclaw was the first of many to arrive at the hospitalwing that week complaining about morning sickness, tiredness and an extreme need to pee more often. Approximately 20 girls turned up, before the problem sank into Draco's head, when the pregnant one was male. And not just any male. Harry Potter, the savior of the wizarding world was expecting a child. Just like the girls he was around 6 weeks into his pregnancy. Draco figured he was safe then. After all he and Potter's encounter had been merely a week ago. He was wrong. At lunch, Potter appeared at the Slytherin table, looking all kinds of lost and broken. It made Draco wonder for a moment who could possibly have knocked the hero up. Potter walked directly over to him. "Malfoy- We need to talk." Draco blinked in confusion. "About what Potter? I don't believe we have anything to talk about." Potter's eyes expressed something Draco had never seen in them before. He was begging Draco to come talk with him. Draco sighed and rose from the table, following Potter outside the Great hall. The two ironically enough ending up in their broomcloset. Potter was redfaced as he finally collected himself and looked at Draco. "It's yours." He muttered, while resting one hand on his stomach. Draco blinked. "What? How? Aren't you 6 weeks pregnant like most of the other girls?" Potter shrugged. "7 weeks." He muttered, rubbing his neck, sighing. "They aren't certain how it happened, but the pregnancy seems to be speed up somehow… in reality I shouldn't be more than two weeks pregnant, but it seems like 1 week makes up what in a regular cycle would be considered a month." Draco gulped. "You're certain it's mine?" For once he felt no urge to start a fight. If what Potter said was true… He had knocked up the golden boy. When Harry nodded, he wanted to laugh and cry at the same time. "I-I'm certain. I haven't- been with a guy before you." Judging by the pause in the middle of Potter's sentence, it was pretty clear to Draco that it wasn't just guys he hadn't been with before. Really. He had taken Potter's virginity and knocked him up. How ironic was that? Potter sighed. "Just wanted to tell you" He muttered, before turning to leave the broomcloset. Draco grabbed Potter's wrist. "A Malfoy never abandon family, Potter." He stated, eyes burning into Potter's.