the room, looking down at his feet that didn't quite touch the floor. Until seeing the bright green eyes, he would have sworn that he was looking at a picture. The hair, the forehead, the eyebrows, cheekbone structure, even the nose. The nose bothered Severus most, evidence of a previously broken nose, healed incorrectly years ago, seemingly inherited in the Snape family through the chain of terrible fathers that delivered those breakings to their sons. "It's not- possible," Snape managed, not taking his eyes off the boy. "But, I'm guessing that really means yes," the witch pushed before taking a step backwards after his glare. "Highly unlikely. Much more likely to be a prank by a troublesome student and his teacher who should be old enough to know better, Miss Tonks," Snape said, fuming at the witch, hoping his voice didn't sound frantic. It couldn't be possible. Yes, the timing would almost fit… Yes, the timing would most definitely fit; he would only be lying only to himself if he didn't admit that he had counted the months and days… Halloween wasn't exactly a difficult date to keep track of… but that didn't mean anything. Human gestation tracking wasn't that- precise. It couldn't be possible. Severus had- investigated enough, as difficult as that had been. The boy had looked just like Potter, even as a baby. Just like Potter. "Don't scare him, Severus," Tonks- Miss Tonks- said gently, grabbing his arm again. For some reason, Severus didn't shake her away yet. "I know you must be hurting. This must be a shock. I didn't know what else to do. I swear on my life as a witch that this is not a joke, Severus- I mean, Professor Snape." "What's going on?" the smallest voice said, sounding afraid. But the child wasn't actually deaf or stupid. The boy was looking from his metamorphmagus teacher to his potions professor and touching his own now very different nose. "I don't want to startle you, Harry," Tonks said, stepping away from Severus's side. "I'm going to conjure a mirror. You look great though, Harry. Really cute. You still have your beautiful eyes. You'll be a handsome man one day, you know. Being chased by half the girls in the school, I'd bet," Tonks said soothingly, to distract the boy with babble if anything. The child stared at his reflection only for a few moments before he nodded. The boy already knew. "Is it true, sir?" "Mr. Po-" Severus tried. What was he doing? "Young man, it is nearly curfew. You will spend a night in the hospital wing before settling matters in more detail in the morning. Do you understand?" It was a coward's stalling tactic, nothing more. Even the boy would probably see through it, though he might be just as eager as Severus was for the reprieve. There was nearly an hour before curfew still, and he needed to talk to the boy. Severus just had no earthly idea what to say, so he would rather avoid it. It- didn't seem possible. And even in less strained circumstances, how does one tell an eleven-year-old about sleeping with his mother when she was seeing another man? How had Severus not known that the child was his all these years? It- almost fit, what with that rushed marriage with Potter she got herself into. But the baby looked like Potter, just like him. And Severus knew that she had been sleeping with Potter. It wasn't like she had been a virgin that night. What were the chances that their one time…? "Miss Tonks, would you escort Mister Potter to the hospital wing?" Severus continued, trying to maintain his façade. Trying to breathe. "I am sure you remember the way," he said with a light sneer. Tonks frowned at him, as if trying to guilt him into saying more. It wouldn't work. "It is possible-" Severus admitted stiffly, not sure how to address the boy, not wanting to say the name 'Potter' that kept flooding his mind, so he just cut his sentence off. "However, I am requesting the evening to sort through matters. You will be fine until then in the hospital wing. Miss Tonks?" Tonks nodded at him, perhaps almost satisfied before turning and smiling at Harry, "Come on, Harry, I'm sure you could use some nice quiet rest. Madame Pomfrey never asks too many questions unless she has to, and she won't today," Tonks promised. The child looked quite overwhelmed, mostly staring at Severus and then quickly at the ground. Merlin, the brat must be disgusted. Severus was actually surprised that he hadn't seen hatred in the child's face. Where was the rage, the revulsion that the greasy git had once had sex with the boy's mother? With Lily. Or- did first years know anything about reproduction? Severus could hardly remember being so young himself, and though he was a Head of House, none of his students would ask him about such things, particularly the smaller ones who were still terrified of him. Severus could only really read confusion in the child's face, but he did not often try to pay much notice to the emotions of children. How could she not have told him? To not tell anyone? Severus only vaguely noticed as Tonks picked up the boy's robe and ushered him out the door. Severus was too lost in his own thoughts of very nearly twelve years before, and all of their lives before that point. A/N: I really hope you like my story so far. I love and hope for feedback. For the most part, I'm going to be seeing how canon would be different with these changes and watching events snowball from there, including logical personality changes over time. Ever since we first met Tonks, I was fascinated with the idea that Harry could be a metamorphmagus because of the hair-regrowing incident, and I have never seen a Severitus story with this premise. I hope it is enjoyable!