him onto it and let herself fall onto him. As she slowly crawled towards him, she grabbed his cloak and took it off, together with his shirt. She couldn't help but lick her lips at the sight of a shirtless Harry lying underneath her, with herself straddling his lap. As fresh waves of lust and desire coursed through her, she crashed her lips on Harry's and let her hands slide all over his toned chest, his strong arms and stomach. After a few minutes of passionate kissing, her hands found the top of his trousers and pushed them down. She stopped kissing Harry for a moment to take his trousers off completely before turning around and, remembering the zipper on the back if her dress, she asked in a hopeful tone: "Could you give me a hand please?" As Harry stood up and started pushing the zipper down, Hermione smiled to herself and licked her lips in anticipation. Her smile faltered a bit when Harry suddenly stopped and asked: "Are you sure?" "Yes" she replied in a determined tone. "Alright then" he said and pushed the zipper down. As soon as he did it, he stepped back. Hermione turned around, letting the dress fall, and Harry's breath caught, seeing so much of her enchanting figure for the first time. She was, like Harry, completely naked apart from her underwear, which were (in Hermione's case) wet. Her breasts were bigger than he thought, but were very pert, and her eyes turned smoky with lust. She kissed him deeply, and after a moment, pushed him back down on the bed and climbed onto Harry. He felt himself getting hard, and wondered how far she intended to go. As she kissed him once again, one arm took Harry's hand and placed it on her firm breast, while the other hand slid down his body to his boxers and grasped his stiffness, gently moving her hand, and she was even more aroused by the moans he was making, so she took hold of the waistband of his boxers and took them off. While she never had sex before, she read all about it after her dreams had started to become naughty. So she took his stiffness into her mouth began to Bob her head up and down, picking up speed as she became bolder and bolder with every moan of Harry. Suddenly Harry tensed up said: "Hermione, I'm going to… You'd better stop.", but Hermione just shook her head and picked up even more speed, until Harry released his sperm inside her mouth. She eagerly swallowed it, like she often did in her dreams, and found it to be really tasty, like a sweet kind of cream. She laid her head on his naked chest, content to be able to bring such pleasure to him. After a short pause, Harry flipped her onto her back and kissed her. He began trailing kisses to her ear, softly biting her earlobe, down her neck and to her breasts. He began kissing and sucking on her nipple while gently fondling her other breast with his hand. After a short while he switched breasts, and encouraged by the deep and lustful moans she was making, he kissed his way further south. When his lips arrived at her knickers, he looked up at her with an unspoken question in his eyes. When Hermione nodded, he slowly and gently took off her knickers and began to kiss her on her most erotic place, and encouraged by the loud moans he was getting, he gently eased his tongue into her and tasted her. She tasted nice, like syrup. He darted his tongue all around her most intimate place and gently eased two fingers into her, bringing her close to her climax. With a shudder and a cry of his name she climaxed. After that, he moved up and kissed her. She could taste herself on him and this drive her wild. She took his cock into her hand and wanted to take him inside her when Harry gasped and pulled back. She looked up at him, and asked: "Harry? What is it?" "Are you sure you want to do that?" he asked. "I've wanted to do that for a very long time, and yes, I'm very sure." Hermione said. "What about protection?" he asked. "Pass me my wand" she said. He gave her her wand and she waved it over her womb. "Now please Harry, make love to me!" she said, her voice husky with desire and lust. "A-alright then" Harry said. "If you're sure…" Instead of an answer, Hermione grabbed his cock and placed it in front of her entrance. Harry gently eased his way into her, encouraged by the deep, loud moans of pleasure she was making, and began to pick up speed. As he continued to move in and out, he leaned forward and kissed her on the lips. She continued to moan into his mouth, and he could practically taste the lust she was feeling. Soon, they were both close to their respective climaxes, and with a cry of his name, Hermione raked her fingers down his back, her nails slightly drawing blood. With a hiss of pain and pleasure, he thrust deeper into her. This was too much for both and they climaxed at the same time. With a cry of her name, he released his cream inside her, and laid down next to her. At the same time, she climaxed with a scream of pure pleasure, her heart missing a few beats, her breathing extremely laboured. With a sudden rush of breath, her heart started beating again, and she collapsed onto the bed, sated and happy. She immediately snuggled into him and laid her he'd onto his chest. They laid in silence for a few minutes, both falling asleep. They last words exchanged between them were: "I love you Hermione." "I love you too Harry." They both fell asleep in the Room of Requirement. ※~~~(๑・v・๑)~~~※