choice of spell, hoping she could rid the world of at least a few more death eaters, and if not, then she would at least take her tormentor with her in death. Even if it was the last thing she did Hermione would kill that blasted woman. "REDUCTO!" She took aim on Bellatrix, and now with slightly more experience she had been able to adjust the spell-casting a little more and this time her spell would hit its target. She made sure of it. At the same time a yell of, "AVEDA KEDAVRA!" and "EXPULSO!" sounded. The first one shocking her slightly, she had not seen Lucius Malfoy regain his wand, but there he stood blasting a spell at her catching her off guard. She had expected that Bellatrix was not one to cast the death curse as easily as others, it simply killed and for her there was nothing fun about it unless her victim was convulsing in pain. Hermione felt a powerful amount of heat at her chest area, the explosion caused by the Expulso was burning through her clothes and skin in the matter of seconds, the feeling of her skin blackening and smell burned meat affected her gag-reflex, and without hearing the sound of metal and glass exploding, Hermione fell to her knees emptying her stomach on the across both the wooden floor and her own clothes. She dried her mouth using her sleeve as she looked up, something felt oddly wrong... Wet brown eyes rose from the floor to surveillance the room, and that was when Hermione noticed that everything had started moving in slow-motion. Draco had been thrown a few feet back after the Expulso that had hit Hermione, and he was currently watching her with big, shocked eyes, an almost fearful look on his face. He was shouting something at her, or was it at his father? But Hermione could not hear because it was said so slowly... She let her eyes dart towards Draco's mother, Narcissa Malfoy who was currently on all four stretching forward in a wild attempt to pull at her sister, Bellatrix, whom Hermione discovered was cringed in a weirdly shape. Time had slowed and Hermione was currently watching the event of her spell unfold. She felt both disgusted and a little proud when Bellatrix Lestrange exploded slowly in front of her. Time sped forward to normal speed again and a scream of terror and anguish reached her ear, Narcissa Malfoy was crying out Bellatrix's name, blood from her sister practically flung at her face and a devastated look on her face. Hermione made to see Lucius turn to look at her shocked before time slowed again, she rejoiced in her victory with a slightly insane laugh, she had done it. She had killed the damned woman. She hoped Harry would hear of her deeds in joy, she had finally avenged Sirius Black. Harry's godfather and what little he had left of his family had been avenged, and Hermione had done it. Even if it had caused her own death. A dry smile tugged at her lips, she too would be gone from this world soon, a bloodied hand sought out her good luck charm that had been hanging around her neck for years now. The broken time-turner that Minerva McGonagall had given her in exchange for the one the ministry had wanted back. Even if the time-turner had ceased to work a century ago, as told by the witch, it still held an emotional value to Minerva and when she had handed it to her student Hermione had realized how big of a gift it was that she had received from the professor. Imagine her surprise when she grasped the chain that all she felt was deformed metal, and glass chippings that broke through her skin. Bellatrix's spell had destroyed the time-turner, a feat Hermione had earlier thought was impossible, and she realized then, this was why time was moving so slow. It was not just the adrenalin or the expressionistic feeling of almost dying. No it was because the sand of the time-turner had spread across the room. She made to look up slowly and exhausted watching the time speed by at the slowest acceleration, a green light was blinding her and she felt her eyes widen as the Aveda Kedavra was inches from her face, the force of it blowing her curly hair out of her face. Her lips parted lightly from each other when the green light flew through her chest, her heart, and she was pushed backwards while she was still on her knees. Her head flew to the side with the force and she felt the pain of her scull hitting the floor, her arms weirdly and awkwardly at her side, her eyes felt heavy and it was almost as if she was being pulled to sleep forcefully. The last thing she saw as her eyes closed was Draco Malfoy's face twisted in a mixture of emotions, for a moment she almost thought she saw worry in the pools of blue, they had always hated each other but maybe he had not wished for her death. As strange as it sounded Hermione had never wanted Malfoy dead, beaten up and cursed a little, sure, but never really dead. He was somehow a part of her childhood, even with all the bad things, she hoped he might find the resolve in himself to abandon the Death Eaters and join Harry. Oh there was a funny thought, Ron's face if Malfoy came crawling to be part of the light side. She would have loved to see that. The thought of her boys saddened her slightly, Ginny would take care of them for her, she hoped. The last thought that passed through Hermione's mind as her eyes finally did close, and her mind glossed over with grey clouds was, "Good luck boys," then Hermione Jean Granger felt everything fade, and was no more. . . .