her friends seemed very pleased by this choice. Lily hadn't felt much need to dress up considering it was her boyfriend throwing the party, and why did she need to look like she'd spent hours getting ready? "Evans, this party is going to be brimming with hot, well-dressed ladies, all pining after your adorable boyfriend. Is this really what you want to wear to say be jealous of me?" Lily looked down at her clothing choice unsurely now. "I am a genius," Alice assured her, "because I went shopping before showing up here, of course I knew you'd pull something like this…" She fiddled around in her tiny purse, which was much larger inside than it appeared, and produced a shopping bag. "Voila!" Alice cried happily, sticking it out in Lily's direction. Alice herself looked very beautiful. She was wearing a pair of skinny black ankle jeans, an oversized black sweater, and open toed large black heels. Lily admired her choice of colour. On anyone else, Lily mused, the outfit might have looked ridiculous, but on Alice it was the height of fashion with her bright red lipstick and short pixie cut. "Al, this is a slip, not a dress!" Mary cried out with pleasure when Lily produced it from the bag. "You are wearing that!" "Of course you had to choose green." Lily complained. Why was she always forced into green? Yes, the colour looked great on her but the leprechaun jokes got old about fifteen years ago. "Because you look fucking great in green, now put it on!" Lily rolled her eyes but did as her friend instructed anyway, slipping out of her clothing of choice and into the tight and uncomfortable dress. It was short and curve hugging, a deep green lace dress with spaghetti straps. "I look ridiculous," she fretted, pulling at the ends of it. "You look like you're going to be the most gorgeous girl in the room," Alice assured her, looking proudly upon her friend. "Do her hair, Mary! You're always great with hair." The truth was Lily didn't really want to do her hair or put on ten pounds of makeup in the way she usually did when getting ready for parties with friends. She hated the feeling that this was all to prove some ridiculous point. She was Fabian's girlfriend, oh look at how attractive Fabian's girlfriend was, be jealous, girls. It just felt like a lie in Lily's eyes. Fabian loved her for her, couldn't she just show up to his party looking like herself, enjoy a few butterbeers, and hold his hand? When had it become so important to prove her worth? "There," Mary said proudly. She'd gathered Lily's thick red hair into a neat bun on the top of her head. "Fabian is going to die when he sees you." Lily smiled unconvincingly. "Is Molly going to be there?" Alice asked from the edge of the bed. She had a hand held mirror in one hand and a mascara brush in the other. "I highly doubt it, she's got two young kids at home and she's ready to give birth to her third any day now." "Wow… how many little Weasleys do you think we can have running around this country?" Lily shrugged, turning back towards her vanity mirror and fiddling with her hair a little bit. "Her and Arthur just keep popping them out…" Mary was fumbling with the back zipper of her own dress, which she had just hopped into, her tongue sticking out the side of her mouth funnily until she seemed to get it right. She wore a short white shift dress. Lily couldn't believe how stunning her friend looked. Why couldn't Lily look that way when she threw on a pretty dress? Mary looked like she owned the whole room. "Where is Marlene?" Alice pouted. "I've been excited to see her all day!" "Just like McKinnon to make us all wait on her." Mary plopped down on the bed beside Alice now to stick on her heels. Lily couldn't pretend she wasn't anxious for Marlene to be back around; she always found it so easy to talk to her. Marlene wouldn't judge her but she wouldn't soften the picture for Lily either, she was straightforward and yet caring as well. "Should we leave without her?" Lily suggested unsurely just as there was a tap at her door. Her mother stepped in, smiling at the group of them. "I have some snacks for you guys." She carried in a tray, placing it down on Lily's desk by the window. "Also you have a very pretty blonde friend waiting to see you." Everyone in the room cried out happily and then from around the corner came Marlene, a huge grin plastered across her face. Lily could have cried she was so happy to see her. Marlene looked much of the same but she was tanner than she had been the last time Lily saw her. She seemed well rested as well; the usual bags under her eyes had disappeared. She carried a big bag in her hand and then proceeded to move around the room and give each of her friends a present. "I couldn't go to France and not bring you guys gifts!" Lily loved her for it. She'd gotten her a gorgeous golden-chained necklace with a little leaf on the end of it. Lily loved it. "I missed you so much, Marley," she said, throwing her arms around her friend and breathing in the familiar vanilla bean scent she carried. Lily wanted to sit her down on her bedroom floor and pour her heart out right then but she knew that was out of the cards. "Who's ready to party?" Mary called out, the girls all hooting back with excitement. Hope that was good! There's lots more to come as I write through the Marauders final year of Hogwarts and hopefully the few years post school as well! Reviews are always appreciated. xoxo