brain was a scary place. "Hey! Alecto! Amycus! Is Snape with you? I think the fucker left already when we didn't find anybody, come down and let's check out Walburga room or Orion's! They have to have something of value" a man yelled from downstairs. Severus and Hermione stopped breathing and listened carefully. "Can't you go alone Avery?! We are busy!" answered Alecto, her voice was harsh again. "Walburga was a bitch! No way she left her bedroom door without a curse or two, I'm not going there alone, come on, you can fuck at the Manor, I'm sure the Dark Lord will even let you go at it in Lucius's expensive sheets!" Avery laughed. A grunt and footsteps getting downstairs. Silence in the room, Hermione and Severus breath were the only sound they heard, mostly because they were breathing into each others ears. Severus moved back a little and rest his forehead against her's. His breath filled Hermione's nose and mouth. "Are you alright?" he ask softly, afraid of making any sound. He brought his hand to her cheek and tried to sweep away her tears. Hermione didn't understand anything, why was he being so... nice? Why was he touching her like she was precious? "Yes, I think so. Are you?" she answered in the same tone. Her hand copied his, catching the wet trail on his cheek. Severus chuckled a little. "I will be" he said and then taking a deep breath he continued "Granger don't tell me anything, not even why are you here or what are you doing or where is Potter, nothing. When I open this closet door, it'll be like nothing happened, this never happened. Do you understand?" Hermione understood just fine, he had a burden that was far more heavy that anybody knew and he carried alone. He didn't have nobody at all, and she had other responsibilities right now and couldn't be his support, not even his friend. But she could make "the right now" not so dark, not so depressive, maybe give him some light to accompany him. "Yes, I understand. We'll never speak of this once you open the door" she said with a more confidence than she felt. Severus sigh and began to incorporate, but Hermione caught his face with both hands and softly brought his lips close to hers and whispered "Not yet Severus" Time froze again when Hermione's lips touched his, Severus's back was rigid but she wanted to give him something to hold on so badly. He seemed to get the message, because his arms circled her waist and suddenly she was flushed against Severus, she heard him groan when he felt her breast against his chest and when his tongue breached her lips she gave herself to the kiss. He pinned her to the wall with his weight, she could feel all of his strong and wiry body. His tongue explored her mouth, her lips, the sensitive corner of her mouth and then coaxed her tongue to play with his, massaging it carefully, slowly, deeply. Her taste would be forever with him now. His hands went under her shirt touching the soft skin of her back and he moaned, she wanted to shred his cloak to pieces but couldn't, so she waived her hands into his hair and kissed him more roughly. His hands tightened on her back and suddenly they were on her butt lifting her, so his cock and her pussy were just separated by her jeans and his cloak. And then he started to move slowly at first but gaining force in each thrust until they were both moaning softly in each other mouths. The zipper of the jean hit her just right and Hermione yelp was loud. ' Thank god for the Muffliato' That seemed to break Severus out of his foggy brain, he didn't let go of her but he detached his lips from hers and then gave her two soft chaste kisses and bit softly her lower lip. Hermione thought that gesture tasted like a promise, but just in case it wasn't she said "We'll never speak of this once you open the door, but when this war is over, I want to finish this" She noticed that she sounded calm and mature. ' Uh...who would have thought, the hottest make out session I ever had... with Severus Snape' "I'll try to accommodate your wish" he said and she was sure she heard mirth in his voice. Letting her down so she could stand, his hand caressed her cheek and she leaned to his touch. They stayed in silence, catching their breath and listening for the approach of Death Eaters. Severus removed his hand from her face and she knew it was time. "When I open this door, I'm going to let down the Anti-Aparition wards and walk to the bedroom entrance when I turn around, you'll be gone. Clear?" he said in a cold voice, gone were the soft and sweet whisper. This was Professor Snape, not Severus. "Crystal clear sir" she answered. Professor Snape took one by one the spells he had put in place before and then he opened the door. With a flick of his wrist he took down the wards, Hermione had two seconds to see the state of the room, what once was the nightstand now it was little pieces of wood sticking out of the walls. She didn't need to turn around to know that door of the closet was in the same condition. He cover me from the explosion with his body' She saw him walking to the bedroom door, smiled to his back and Apparated. When Severus Snape turned around, he was alone in the room, so nobody saw him smiled. Hermione Apparated in the meeting place, she checked the time and was surprised that Harry and Ron still had 15 minutes to arrive, she Disillusioned herself and thinking that she had a promise to keep, she disappeared from sight.