at least a while or they might decide to wipe his memories of magic, which was unacceptable. At least Ravenclaws apparently got single rooms. Having to share a room with someone would have sucked. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The school year got going in much the same way as a non-magical one would, though with stranger subjects. Herbology wasn't something that Harry could claim any real interest in, nor was Astronomy and its hilariously outdated telescopes. History of Magic was quicky designated as either a free period or a time to do something else. The ghostly teacher was literally quoting the book verbatim, making the class entirely redundant. Not to mention that he seemed obssesively focused on the goblin wars, to the exclusion of all else. Charms seemed interesting, but they hadn't done anything more than theory so far. Transfiguration was currently in progress and Harry was staring at the silver needle on his desk contemplatively. The others were struggling to get even a slight change in their matchstick, while he had managed to do it on the first try. He had attempted some wandless transfigurations after returning from the shopping trip to Diagon Alley. It had been incredibly hard, but Harry had nothing better to do and he was excited to try out a form of magic he hadn't thought to try before. Wandlessly, he hadn't managed more than a change of color and a slight one at that. With a wand, it had been almost easy. Was his previous wandless practice accelerating his ability with a wand? "Well done Mr. Potter!" McGonagall praised, sounding very impressed. "I haven't seen anyone manage their first transfiguration attempt that quickly in a long time. Take ten points for Ravenclaw." "Thank you professor." Harry replied. It technically wasn't his first transfiguration attempt, or even his hundredth, but he wasn't going to tell her that. Some distance away, Hermione Granger stared in disbelief and in some amount of anger that the rude boy had gotten it better than her. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX "Ah, yes," Snape said softly when he reached his name during roll call. "Harry Potter. Our new...celebrity." Harry held back a sigh. Potions was apparently going to be one of those subjects. "You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potion-making," Snape continued in something close to a whisper. "As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don't expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses... I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren't as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach." That sounded kind of rehearsed. He probably used it every year. He would probably use it on the Slytherin-Gryffindor class too, if he hadn't already. It was a pretty good speech though. "Potter!" said Snape suddenly. "What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?" "I have no idea, sir." Harry answered. He didn't even have the first clue about what those were, much less anything else to do with them. "Tut, tut, clearly fame isn't everything. Let's try again Potter..." The questions continued and Harry was unable to answer them. Admittedly, he probably should have looked through his potions books, but the lure of learning how to hurl spells of death and destruction from his hands had been quite a bit stronger than learning about stirring a collection of gross ingredients in a cauldron. The perils of being eleven. With a final disdainful sneer, Snape spat out the answers to the questions and demanded to know why they weren't writing them down. "Potter, what are you doing?" Snape demanded less than a minute later. "Writing down the answers, sir." "Where is your quill and parchment? And five points from Ravenclaw for your cheek." "I figured that using paper and a ballpoint pen would be much easier." Harry replied evenly, feeling fairly certain that the hook-nosed professor would not like that. Fortunately, he didn't care about points or the house cup. "Another five points from Ravenclaw, Potter! Put away that muggle garbage and take out your proper supplies." Snape sneered severely. "Does it really matter what I write my notes on?" Harry questioned. "I assure you that my writing will be far more legible if I don't have to struggle with an inkpot and quill." Starting to develop an unattractively angry flush to his pale skin tone, Snape waved his wand and vanished Harry's pen and paper. "Twenty points from Ravenclaw for your backtalk and a detention if you don't take out your parchment and quill immediately!" Harry had neither of those, having seen no need to bring them when he had plenty of pens and paper. Unfortunately, he suspected that Snape would not care about that. He was right. He spent the rest of the potions class in a foul mood. Perhaps it was time to research some alternatives to attending this class? Snape was clearly determined to pick on him for some reason, so the educational benefits of learning under him were dubious at best. And the week had been going so well too. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Thar she blows, the first chapter of something (relatively)new. In case anyone actually gives a crap, the address for the house of Harry's foster parents was chosen after a 2 minute Google search and may not even exist. For all I know, there's nothing on 74 Cromwell Road but an antique outhouse. In the incredibly unlikely event that someone actually lives there and happens to read this fic, then I apologize for using it. I also apologize for insinuating that it might be an antique outhouse. As always, you can expect updates to come at irregular intervals ranging from 4 days to a month, depending on how bored/inspired I'm feeling.