every right to act this way in her eyes, and Charlotte just felt like her sister was acting like her mum AGAIN. "Lily, it's not like before," Charlotte said seriously, the humour clearing from her voice. She knew why her sister feared her drinking habits. Ever since Charlotte had discovered fire whiskey, she had found a secret solace and pathetic friendship with the drink. At first it would just be a ¼ of a glass after studying to help her sleep better. When she felt lonely, which was often, she would drink a full glass. Then she would have several glasses and several more until she passed out. It eventually became the only way she could get to sleep after studying all night and attempting to forget that not a single other person in Hogwarts other than her twin could give a rats ass about her. Several drinks turned into several bottles until she wound up in the hospital wing, having the alcohol magically removed by the school nurse. That's when dearest perfect lily discovered her less than perfect twin had a drinking problem. Not that Lily could ever understand considering she had more friends and followers than ever necessary. She would never understand what it is to be invisible behind a sister who is practically worshiped. To be second place in everything to the only other person that matters. To know that the one person who knew you best was also the person who withheld you from reaching your full potential. To have to confide all your deepest, darkest thoughts to yourself because there simply was no one else. Ever since then, which was almost a year ago, she checked on charlotte almost every night. Looked through her drawers, and confiscated any alcohol she found in the Gryffindor common room, just in case. Charlotte had practically 0 privacy, for months. Her parents were furious and Petunia, their older sister, thought the whole ordeal was hilarious. So Charlotte cut back on drinking for several months, taking only a small amount here or there when she found herself a small moment of time away from her perfect sister and the eyes of the worried professors. However, like everything she did, the professors forgot about the incident and her, and Lily became too absorbed with their sixth year to watch Charlotte closely. So the drinking started again, at a lesser, safer level than earlier. Lily watched Charlotte for several moments, most likely assessing the honesty in her statement and eventually sighed, something she apparently did often these days. She grabbed Charlotte by the arms and pulled her into a tight hug. At first Charlotte smiled softly, appreciating the affection she received from her sister, but when several moments passed by and she was still gripped tightly around the neck, which meant she had to lean down to meet her midget sister height, she coughed slightly. "Uh Lily….?" "Hmm?" "Get off me." Lily laughed and softened her death grip around Charlotte until she could breath properly again, then released her completely. Charlotte gave her a somewhat grateful smile which immediately dropped when Lily patted the top of her head like she was a little girl. Charlotte swatted her hand away with a frown and placed her hands on her hips, pouting her lips dramatically. "Lily your only 40 minutes older than me, why do you treat me like I'm 5!" Charlotte whined stamping her foot on the carpeted floor in mock seriousness. She sounded very much like a five-year-old and Lily laughed, her cheery mood returning. Which had been Charlotte's hopes all along. It really did irritate her the way Lily treated her sometimes, but now wasn't exactly the time to approach that topic. "Probably because you act like it Lottie dearest," She said with a wink waggling her shaped eyebrows effortlessly. Charlotte rolled her eyes at the nickname, knowing she only said it to get a reaction out of her. With a laugh Charlotte shoved her twin towards the portrait watching as Lily mockingly waved at her. "Seeya Lil's!" Charlotte yelled as Lily stepped through the portrait hole and out towards the hallway, leaving her to the peaceful quiet of the empty common room that looked remarkably clean considering only last night all the upperclassman, excluding Slytherin's of course who lost the Quidditch game, had been lounging around the large space, music flowing through the room and alcohol seemingly in a never ending supply. With a sigh she made her way to the dorm she shared with her sister, getting rid of the alcohol bottles which had thankfully rolled under her bed sometime during the night, meaning Lily wasn't aware of how much Charlotte had been drinking. Charlotte sat down at their shared table which after several years of use had carvings, which Charlotte had charmed to never be removed, all over the front and sides. She pulled out some blank parchment, her potions textbook and Lily's essay which she had snagged from her bag before the Quidditch game yesterday, and began to finish the last few points of her essay with the assistance of her sister's work. By the time she was done, breakfast was over, and it was halfway through her free class time. Really she should be studying, considering she hoped she would beat Lily in at least one of their classes this year, however, her beautiful bed began singing an unearthly tune that tugged the very strings of her heart, seemingly calling her name softly, building up a sleepiness inside her that she only ever felt when listening to Professor Slughorn rant on during his 'slug club' events, which occurred, and she went to, far too often. "Can't exactly deny that request," Charlotte mumbled sleepily, falling face first onto her white pillow, her eyes drawing shut instantly, drowsiness overtaking her body. She fell into a blissful sleep that went on interrupted for several hours. Several hours past her free period and into her class time. "OH BLOODY HELL!"