tea from them. Perhaps some of the farmers are willing to give you them for free." The doctor left, soon followed by Glaric, who headed out to the market. The elves followed him as he spoke to various farmers. Most of them shook their heads, others vaguely told him to try again tomorrow. There were no herbs to be found. That evening, the trio huddled together in the cave they still inhabited. "What to do next?" "Ideas, ideas." "We broke the roof." "Rotted the food." "Destroyed the tools." "What to do next?" They pondered on their possibilities. "The leather?" Tripsy offered. "Yes, destroy the leather," Bonnet agreed. Pipo nodded. "Tomorrow night," Tripsy planned. "Leave him with hope tomorrow, see it destroyed the day after." Their eyes and teeth glittered eerily in the firelight as they once more grinned at each other. xXxXxXx As discussed, they left the shoemaker be for a full day before they once more broke into his workshop. "Your idea, you do the honours," Bonnet remarked, motioning Tripsy to the leather in the corner. The man was once more down to two pieces. "Certainly," Tripsy answered with a mock bow. Stepping forward, he ran his fingers over the leather. A soft glow covered the sheets before disappearing. "There," he said. "Let's come back tomorrow to watch the show." From their favourite vantage point, the trio watched the shoemaker work with baited breath. It was only a matter of time before the leather would turn brittle and break. Tripsy made sure the flaws weren't visible on the sheet, but would suddenly turn up as the leather was handled. As Glaric was attaching the toe cap, the leather finally cracked. Distraught, he started cursing, throwing the shoe through the workshop in a fit of anger. "Glaric?" Seleana called from the bed, still horribly sick. "Love, what's wrong?" The elves heard her calling, but Glaric himself was oblivious. With interest, the trio watched the frail woman struggle to get up from the bed. Trembling, she moved towards the door, intent to get to her husband in the workshop. She repeatedly called out to him, but her voice hardly carried and he didn't hear her. As she descended the stairs, Pipo turned to his companions, a truly frightening look on his face. He snapped his fingers. With a screech that surprised even the passerby on the street, she tumbled down, breaking her neck on impact. Pipo laughed maniacally as Glaric shouted his wife's name, rushing into the house. He wailed as he saw his wife at the bottom of the stairs. A cry so pained, so filled with sorrow it seemed to come from the deepest parts of hell itself, tore from his throat. He collapsed next to her, patting at her, trying to wake her even though he knew there was no hope. Her blank, dead eyes stared at him, the fright of falling still visible in them. He swiped some hair out of her face and closed her eyelids, before protectively curling around her body, sobbing uncontrollably. Outside, three elves congratulated each other. For days they merely watched how Glaric destroyed himself in his grief. Neighbours had to forcefully pull him from Seleana's body so she could be taken by the coroner. Between then and the funeral, he mostly sat and stared in the distance, not eating, hardly sleeping. The day of the funeral, he trashed his workshop, destroying his last hope of a future. With the final bit of his money, he bought heaps of alcohol, drowning himself in it, forgetting or not caring about eating. The initial support of his neighbours dwindled when he didn't show any signs of improvements. Where once was acceptance for his grieving was now a condescending tolerance of his perpetual state of drunken stupor. The elves revelled in their success. Day after day they returned to watch the man they once were so proud to be helping as he descended further into Hell. When finally Glaric was too weak and too drunk to do much more than lie in his bed, the elves decided upon their final act. As the night fell and twilight was upon them, a burning coal hopped out of the fireplace to smoke against the leg of a forgotten chair. Bonnet, Tripsy, and Pipo danced and celebrated as the house eventually went up in flames. Glaric's dying shrieks could be heard over the roar of the blazing inferno. The fire-bells rang through the streets and the citizens frantically tried to put out the flames, trying to prevent the fire from spreading. "Pain, pain, so much pain!" Pipo sung, dancing around. "Looks beautiful against the night's sky," Bonnet mused. "We created art, we are artists," Tripsy laughed. "You three seem way too happy to watch that house burn. Shouldn't you go help your Master? Like good little elves?" The trio swirled around at the voice behind them, arms raised to fend off a possible attack. When the man merely looked down at them with curiosity, they explained. "We set fire." "We want it to burn." "We were freed." "Clothed." "Disgraced elves." "And it's the Muggle man's fault." "We helped him." "He clothed us." They ended their fragmented explanation in unison, looking more like devils than respected house elves. "We took our revenge." The man started laughing. "I like the way you three think. And who gave you the idea to help a Muggle in the first place? They're hardly worthy." "Deputy Master," Tripsy answered. "Deputy Headmaster Albus Dumbledore," Bonnet clarified. "He's to be next," Pipo spoke up. Bonnet and Tripsy glanced at Pipo and at each other. "His idea, his fault." "Yes, he's to be next." The wizard looked down at them. "Figures it would be him," he murmured. "How would you like to work for a new Master?" he continued, addressing the trio. "Work for me?" The elves looked at him in surprise. "Sir would do that?" Tripsy questioned. "Who's sir?" Bonnet wanted to know. "Grindelwald, Gellert Grindelwald."