as he pocketed his phone. Hermione was right - that man would be the death of him. He made his way down through the almost deserted underground, jogging on the spot to keep warm as he waited for his tube. He prayed to any god listening that the weather would warm up in time for the wedding - he was sure Draco would find some way to blame him if it didn't. The uncharacteristic calm of the platform was eerie and Harry couldn't help but check over his shoulder as he stood alone. The platform was all but deserted. He could just see a couple sat at the other end, contentedly gazing at each other and laughing quietly. Harry smiled and thought of Draco. "Give me your wallet." A voice demanded to his right. Shocked by the closeness of the stranger, Harry whipped around and gasped softly. The stranger, an untidy, hard looking man, gazed at him with wild eyes. "Give me your wallet, now!" he growled again, his tone gravely. Harry was paralysed. He couldn't feel a single bone in his body. He gazed at the man before him with unadulterated confusion - he had no idea what was happening, and even less idea of what he was supposed to do. His wand sat forgotten in his calf holder, though he reasoned he would have had no way of retrieving it without causing the man to act against him. But he knew it was already too late. The numbness ebbed away and he became aware of the pain, the pain that radiated through his midriff saturated any move he made with agony. Harry slowly lowered his eyes to the wet red stain spreading across his white shirt. The blade the man had been holding against his side as he had first made his demand, the one that had plunged deep into Harry's stomach as he had spun round to face him, shook painfully in the attackers hand. Harry's breaths came in short, sharp bursts, each one more difficult than the last. "Give me your wallet!" The man growled again, pushing the blade in further, causing Harry to inhale sharply. He felt something hot rise up his throat and he coughed as it hit the back of his mouth. Tiny red droplets showered the strangers face and as Harry tried to focus on what it was, the station flickered before his eyes, and he felt himself slump further onto the knife as he fought to keep conscious. "I…green…" he gasped painfully, blinking hard to try and focus on the man in front of him. His brain was fixed on the last conversation he'd had with Draco, and as the pain from his stomach spread through his body, shooting through his veins like an electric current, and he begun shaking as shock took hold of him, all he could think about was how he had denied his boyfriend something so trivial. "Green." he muttered again, uncontrollably. The attacker snarled into his face, and somewhere between gripping Harry's shoulder and twisting the knife and Harry crying out in agony, the man flew backwards as an explosion of magic burst between them, throwing them apart. Harry stumbled unsteadily for a few seconds, gasping as the knife was savagely removed causing blood to gush from the wound on his stomach. He watched through a fog as the man scrambled to his feet and ran from the platform, leaving him there to bleed. Time seemed to stand still as he swayed on the spot, staring ahead into the tube tunnel. It was still eerily quiet, and he distantly wondered if the loved-up couple from before had noticed anything. He began to turn in their direction, and the sound of his muffled, pained cries were drowned out by the sound of the tube thundering down the track towards him. A blur of colour and sound made him unsteady on his feet and he crumpled, crying out as he hit the ground. "Help me." he whispered into the air, shaking uncontrollably, causing the pain to redouble with every convulsion. The train rattled to a stop, and Harry tried to focus on what was happening around him. Someone was speaking to him, cupping his cheek gently and applying pressure to his stomach. He whimpered and clamped his eyes shut, pleading to anyone listening that the pain would stop. He could feel his shirt sticking to his skin as he laid on the cold ground. The concrete floor lost some of its chill as a warm pool seemed to leak around him. His head was lifted off the ground and placed on something soft, and he opened his hazy eyes to find himself surrounded by blonde hair. He instantly thought of Draco, and he tried to smile at him. "Dray…Draco…?" he stuttered between laboured breaths. The answering voice wasn't right, too high, too feminine, but it didn't matter. At that point it didn't matter, he needed to talk to Draco. "It's ok, sweetheart. The ambulance is on its way - you're going to be fine." the voice informed confidently, brushing his hair out of his eyes. "You can have green…I was…I was only…." he cried desperately, tears pooling in his eyes as he felt his consciousness being tugged away. His breathing kicked into overload as he struggled to move, and the woman gently pushed him back down. "You're going to be fine, I promise. Just relax, sweetheart, or you'll hurt yourself more." The woman instructed. Harry couldn't listen, he could feel his limbs becoming heavier and he knew it was only a matter of moments before he'd be unconscious. "Draco…I'm sorry…he can have green." he whispered desperately. "Please, tell Draco…he can have green - I'll let him have green…whatever he wants." The hand brushed at his hair again, "You'll be able to tell him yourself, sweetheart." Blackness surrounded him and any feeling was swallowed by it. "Please. Green." he whispered before he succumbed to the darkness. To be continued…