wanted, or expected a run-in with him on the first bloody night! First it had been Zabini, now Malfoy. Soon, she'd have Pansy laughing at her hairstyles and filthy muggle clothes, Terance fucking Higgs burning her bloody homework! To finish it off, Adriana Pucey could write a brilliantly worded essay on why ' Mudbloods like Abrams ' should be shackled and taken as slaves. "Something you need to consider, quite seriously in your last year at Hogwarts, is...well, it's your last year of hogwarts." Kaliyah couldn't help let her clear confusion bleed through. It was what Malfoy wanted, made obvious by his sarcastic smile as he brushed off his black suit that fitted him perfectly. He took a few steps forward, causing Kaliyah to hesitantly take a step back. "Know why they still allow Potter at hogwarts? Because he'd be dead the moment he stepped out of precious Dumbledore's protection. The fool he is, doesn't take away his strength in magic. Potter is protected at Hogwarts, safe almost. You're protected at hogwarts." He smiled at her then, mockingly. "How long do you think that'll last when you leave?" She hadn't even noticed his wand out, to focused on the threat in his voice. It felt like an itch at first. Her right hand went to her right forearm, absently scratching as she listened to him. It took longer that it should have to realise something was slicing into her arm. Kaliyah staggered back, pulling her robes up to reveal a growing outpouring of blood as a crooked line dragged from her elbow down to her palm in a slow intensity. The pain was slow, approaching long after the blood appeared. Her arm was on fire, and it still felt like something was being stabbed into her skin. A gasp led to a sob as she tried to hold back a scream. The blood dribbled and danced to the stone below, soaking her robes. She felt faint, and by the time she had her own wand out, pointed at Malfoy, he was closer. Much closer. As she'd been focused on the blood pouring from her arm, he'd stepped up to her, less than a wand away. His grey eyes were narrowed and hard, his lips in a cruel smile as he looked at the filthy blood leave her body. "Things are changing. The world is changing. Are you ready for it Mudblood ? I know i am." He left her then. Frozen to the cobblestone. She gasped out a breath, feeling her legs tremble as she pressed a hand to her arm. Maisie had assured her fervently that Malfoy was still his immature, ignorant and stupid old self. As always, he let out empty threats and invoked the name of his father as a weapon. His wand use was basic, his knowledge of curses not as good as he liked to think. He also thinks he's Circe's gift to earth, and women! Though she (Kaliyah) failed to see it; He was weak. Maisie had been wrong. Quite wrong. He wasn't weak, He was dangerous. His magic wasn't basic, He was deadly. He wasn't ignorant, He was cunning. Worst of all, he was right. "And Abrams ?" Kaliyah's wide eyes, misty as they were, snapped up to his. He was smirking again, his hand holding open the door to the castle "It's your last, first day at Hogwarts. Remember how safe and protected you've felt these last 6 years?" He paused, letting the smirk drop, allowing her the knowledge of knowing it hadn't been real in the first place. "You might want to hold onto that feeling." It took her far too long to muster up the courage to move from where she stood. Even as Potter and his friend walked by, asking if she was okay out of concern, she simply stared at them and nodded her head numbly. She'd been partly surprised they hadn't noticed the blood. There was so mu- There was no blood… Kaliyah staggered back once more, eyes darting across the stone. He hadn't cast a cleaning charm, she was sure of it. Pulling at her robes, she shuddered when they were dry… no evidence of any blood at all. Finally, she pulled back her robe and groaned out a cry when it was just her creamy skin, unblemished. Th-There was a spell...a curse. It caused fear-related hallucinations, but... he couldn't possibly have known how to cast that. Even with his history of being a bully and all-round prick, she couldn't imagine he would actually cast a terror inducing curse on her. That curse landed people in St Mungo's for life and would likely mean that Malfoy would in-turn, end up in Azkaban. Maisie had been so wrong and Kaliyah had never, in her entire life, wanted her to be more right. When she finally walked into the castle, it wasn't with relief, or excitement or anticipation. The emotions she'd come to relate so well with her home away from home has disappeared. In its place left an aching dread. An unquenchable apprehension. Every step filled with trepidation, every action agitation. She was only sure of one thing. Malfoy had changed. A/N: Hello Reader! Hope you enjoyed! Very unsure if i will continue at this point. It was just an idea that wouldn't leave me alone and i knew it would bug me if i didn't write it down and just post it, so i did! Sorry to anyone who is waiting for an All About Lily update. I am still actively writing that one, don't you worry! This silly little idea just popped into my head one day and hasn't left since. But, now that it is out i should be back to AAL in no time ;) Let me know your thoughts. I'm hesitant to continue because it was just a passing idea and i'm unsure of where i could go with this one, but if the people like, the people shall receive. Nomomom xx