I had a majorly ridiculous crush on Cedric. Nana Mars caught the lie, of course, she always knows when I'm fibbing. She says it's her witchy powers reading my soul. I think it's just because I'm a really crappy liar. Kasper tells me my eyes give me away every time. But Nana Mars didn't say anything about the lie, she just looked more amused than before. I remember thinking that adults are weird. Regulus told me that he thinks adults are weird too. I told him that he is an adult. Regulus pouted and said that was a very mean thing for me to say and that I should never talk about a lady's age. I argued that he is not a lady. At all. Regulus flounced off after that, muttering something like 'this is why I never wanted children'. I was a bit less nervous about coming out to Regulus since he's…..well, Regulus. If you ever met him you'd know what I mean by that. We were sitting at Nana Mars' favourite blue wood table in the kitchen and facing each other when I told him. Regulus just stared at me for a full three minutes (I counted) and then said slowly 'I like boys too'. I thought at first that maybe he'd misunderstood what I meant, so I tried to explain. That was a mistake. Our conversation went like this- Me: I like boys. Regulus: I like boys too. Me: No, I mean I like like them. Regulus: Oookkkaaaayy. I like like them too. Me: No! I like them as in I…you know…..(whisper) sexually . Regulus: What?! Who the crap have you been banging Draco? Is it that Diggory shithead, because I will end him . You're too young, and that's final! No sexy times are to be had by you. At all. Ever. EVER I SAY! Me: What are you even-…just NO! First of all 'banging'? Have you been watching American reality TV again? I thought we agreed to boycott that after the whole 'biatch' incident with Miss Lewis (my math teacher) at parents evening. And I'm not having sex with Cedric you lunatic! Regulus: Cedric? I meant Kasper ! You can't play two brothers off against each other like that Draco, it's wrong. You'll have to choose one, and set the other one free. And I only watched catching up with the Kardashians, like, one time last week. Get off my back, bruh. Me: How is this even happening? No, seriously, how is this even a situation that exists? I am not playing the Diggory brothers off against each other! Regulus: Oh my God, are you having sex with them…like…together? Do you have a brother kink? How could I have raised such a heathen? Oh wait….I'm a death eater. Damn, it's all my fault you're fucked up and want to have brother three-ways! Me: I can't believe I even need to say this….I am NOT in an incestuous relationship with Cedric and Kasper! Nana Mars (potters into the kitchen carrying our new puppy. A little black pug who Regulus demanded we name 'Sirius'.): Who's not in an incestuous relationship with Cedric and Kasper? Me: ME! I am the one who is not! Nana Mars: Aw, well, that's quite a shame. The Diggory brothers are such lovely boys…you could do a lot worse my little Dragon cub. Regulus: (looks me dead in the eye) I have failed you my son. But I support your decisions. Incest obsessed or not, I still love you. Me: I am not obsessed with incest! Nana Mars: I have some gay erotica fiction under my bed that you could look at if you want. I think there's even some twincest in there somewhere. Regulus: I'm glad you felt you could admit to me that you have a brother kink, Draco. I like that we have that kind of trust between us. Nana Mars: Hmm, it probably would have been better if you'd told him you were gay first, you know, as a way of preparing Reggy for your incest kinks and such. Me: (smack my head against the table). The coming of age films are right, being gay and coming out is really hard. Nana Mars and Regulus: That's what he said! Regulus and Nana Mars (point at each other): JINX! Me: I divorce you. I divorce you both ! Regulus: Shut your whore mouth! Nana Mars: I remember my first three-way. Who ever said you couldn't have fun at a Knitting club? Me: Meeehhhhhh . Sometimes I think I live a relatively normal life, and then I wake up and the people I love remind me of how very untrue that is. "Do you think Regulus will let you come with us to the Qudditch world cup?" Cho asks me. She looks hopeful. I lift one shoulder in a half shrug, "I don't know. He doesn't want me to have anything to do with the wizarding world. But if we can convince him on Friday to let me go to Hogwarts, then maybe he'll let me go to the Quidditch world cup too." There's a whole lot of 'maybe' going on there. Cho exchanges a sad glance with Terry. I catch Kasper's eye and he smiles reassuringly at me. Kasper sits up and slides his fingers into my hair. He uses the grip on my hair to shake my head around a bit, and then he says, "Don't be getting all morose on us, babe. There's no way in hell we're leaving you behind again this year. You're coming whether you want to or not. We need you with us." I allow my lips to curl up into a small smile, "Is that because you miss my stupid face?" Cho snorts out a laugh, and Terry leans over to squeeze my shoulder. Kasper says seriously, "Yeah, Draco, it's because we miss your stupid face." Mwah ha! So first chapter over, what did you think? Like it? Loathe it? Let me know!