Moony, who the hell remembers that?" "Prongs?" "Fine. I said you looked like coming up the flight of stairs killed you or at the very least should have." "James!" Lily gently slaps my dad as a scolding. Terrifying as it is that we apparently now have to ask personal questions before opening the door, it can teach you a few new things no one dared answer before. But that's pretty much the only perk. It seems to be the right answer because Remus turns the lock and lets us in. As soon as he gets a good look at us, he bursts out laughing. We must look pretty ridiculous. Nonetheless it's kind of nice to see him laugh like that. For a man about to marry the woman he loves, he's been very gloomy this past week. I don't think Tonks is to blame for that though. "This has Prongs written all over it," He smiles as he lets us get inside. "Well, it's not like we objected either, Remus," My mom says. "Harry looks like he objected," He glances at Harry who does look mighty uncomfortable in his bright red dress robes. "You all look great. Come on in." The first one to greet us as we walk into the very spacious living area is an older man I'm assuming is Ted Tonks, Nymphadora's dad. Unless her mom is extraordinarily manly. But I'm assuming the mother is off somewhere helping her daughter get ready for her wedding day. That's what mothers do then, right? "Good to see you again, James, Lily," He shakes my parents' hands before doing the same to me and my brother. "Nice to finally meet you, Harry, Danny. Your parents never shut about you, neither does this one by the way." Remus doesn't even pretend he never gushes about us. Just urges the entire family plus Ted to the backyard where the ceremony will be held. A wizard in long black dress robes seems to have made all the preparations for the wedding. It's a quick and quiet affair. Tonks walks downstairs, her dad doesn't walk her down the aisle because there isn't an aisle to walk down to. She's wearing a very simple white dress that makes her purple hair stand out even more than it normally does. But what makes her so very radiant is the smile that she wears the entire time and that ridiculous look of happiness she directs at her husband-to-be. And even though Remus will always be a more subdued person that his bride, the look that is reflected in his eyes is quite similar to hers. The world's a pretty shitty place with the war and the fact that Remus forcibly changes into a werewolf every full moon and that ridiculous new werewolf legislation law the Ministry past two weeks ago (another big reason for this being a quiet affair) but in just this moment it seems that both of them have forgotten it. I'm pretty sure they don't even realise there are other people present but I guess that's kind of what your wedding day is supposed to be like. I guess it's nice getting to share it with friends and family but what actually matters is that you and the person you love more than anything are bonding yourselves to each other because you can't imagine doing anything else. This is supposed to be a happy moment. It is one and I want to be happy for my uncle who's had a pretty rough life and probably knows more about loss and grief than I do but I'm suddenly overcome with such an acute heartache that I can't possibly be glad for him in this moment. Because I want this moment. Not now of course but someday. Merlin, I really want that. I suppose I hadn't really given much thought to the possibility as I'm still only a teenager but knowing that I can't ever have that, makes me desire it so badly. I want to walk down the aisle – a proper aisle, not the flower beds in this dried out garden – and look at someone they way Tonks look at Remus. I want to forget that there are other people present. I want someone to look at me the way Remus looks at Tonks. I want to be old enough to marry someone, without it being oddly young. I want to say 'I do' in front of my family and friends. I want all of that. I want the chance to have it. I want the chance to mess it up. I want the chance to fix it. I want- "Danny?" I turn to Harry sitting on my right and it is only when I look at him that I realise he looks all blurry because tears had been welling up in my eyes and are now freely rolling down my cheeks. I can't even control it at this point. I'm sure Harry noticed, if the handkerchief he's holding out to me is any indication. "I-," I hiccup as I gratefully take the handkerchief from his hand. "I'm just… very happy for them. Very happy." That's not even the biggest lie I told today. But it is a lie. It should be the truth but instead of experiencing joy over someone I love very dearly having found what most people would do anything for, I am inconsolable over that fact that I'll never be in their shoes. That I'll be robbed of that opportunity because there's just no time. Not for me. "I had no idea you loved weddings so much," Harry smiles weakly, looking uncomfortable in a way that has nothing to do with dad's unfortunate obligatory dress code. I don't know if he looks like that because he doesn't believe my words or if a crying girl just naturally makes him this awkward. "Yeah," I sniffle. "I love weddings." And so the list of things I'll never have, keeps on growing.