bad luck for me to see you in your dress before the ceremony!" "OH, FOR CRYING OUT LOUD—HERE!" Hermione twirled her wand arm around her dress, and the dress vanished to be replaced by a kinky black leather uniform clad in spikes and chains. "THERE, BETTER?" Ron turned around and yelped again. "BLIMEY—NO, THAT'S TEN TIMES WORSE!" "GET OVER YOURSELF, RONALD!" shouted Hermione as she charmed herself back into normal robes. "SHUT UP AND DUEL!" yelled Harry. "Mrs. Granger, get yourself and your husband to the Walkers over there for protection! They're the ones in the teal robes; they're some of our best! Get out of the line of fire!" "If you insist!" said Mrs. Granger, grabbing her husband's arm and dragging him in the direction Harry pointed. Ezra and Kyrie Willowthorn popped out of the restroom looking frantic; Ezra's pants were around his ankles and Kyrie was shirtless. They glanced up at the swarming Death Eaters and spared no time. Ezra freed himself from the last grasp of his pants and charged into combat in his undergarments. Kyrie held one hand across her breasts to conceal them, and held her wand in her other hand as she dueled a Death Eater who had landed in front of her. She got the upper hand and cast a curse that sent him flying through the air; straight through the flashing lights above the battleground, and he broke apart the last two words, resulting in the message spelling out only "CONGRATULATIONS RON." A careening Death Eater on a broom burst through the fireworks and shattered the word "CONGRATULATIONS," and another flying spell shattered the top of the last O; the message now simply read "RUN." "They crashed the wrong fucking wedding!" roared Traelie, slashing a Disarming Charm so powerful that it knocked the broom right out from under a flying Death Eater. He tumbled through the air and smashed into a cabin across the field; the front wall collapsed, exposing a group of South American dancers with suns painted on their chests. Harry cast a spell into the path of a curse headed straight for Hermione, breaking it apart before it could make contact; Ginny appeared by his side, holding baby James. Rather than crying, James was actually laughing and enjoying the lightshow. Ginny pressed her back against Harry's so that they could cover all directions. "Wouldn't be a Weasley wedding without a swarm of pissed-off Death Eaters, now, would it?!" yelled Ginny as she parried a Stunner and returned it for a direct hit. Harry turned to try and pick off a Death Eater who was charging towards Neville, but another Auror burst straight through the ground underneath him and knocked him unconscious with an energy-fueled uppercut. Adelaide landed gracefully next to the twitching body, and she waved to Harry. "You're late!" yelled Traelie as Yustef appeared by her side and set himself against her back like Ginny was against Harry's. "Look at what happens when I leave you all alone for five minutes!" yelled Adelaide, racing off towards the center of the action. Harry's eye was caught by Neville for a moment as he took down two Death Eaters alone. Neville had grown into quite the duelist. "POTTER!" yelled someone else from across the field; it was Harry's strict mentor, Megara Roy. "FOCUS!" "I AM FOCUSING!" shouted Harry. "PINKY TO PAD! DON'T FORGET YOUR FORM JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE IN COMBAT!" "HOW CAN YOU EVEN SEE MY FINGERS FROM OVER THERE?!" Mrs. Weasley had emerged from the kitchen and had already taken down four more men, slashing and twirling her wand with ferocity Harry hadn't seen since she dueled Bellatrix. The Death Eaters' ranks had fallen by more than half. The rest of them seemed to realize their mistake in crashing a celebration full of trained duelists; they were outmatched by far in both numbers and skill. The conscious Death Eaters flew away; Kenan Fallon shot one last Stunner at their backs as they disappeared over the horizon. "THAT'TH RIGHT!" bellowed Petey Pert in his ludicrously flamboyant accent. "WHO THE FUCK WEARTH BLACK TO A WEDDING!" "Well, there's a reason to be nervous for your wedding," said Traelie, wiping her brow as the crowd erupted into cheers. She turned around and delivered a swift kick into Yustef's groin; he collapsed on the grass, convulsing in pain. "How many did we get?" asked Fallon as Traelie unearthed five buried Death Eaters. "How many did we lose?" "Did we even lose anyone? " asked Harry, looking at all of the faces before him. "Hey, anyone here dead?" called Traelie. "Raise your hand if you got killed." "I don't think we lost a single one," said Sage, giving a quick head count. "And we captured… thirty-eight." "Wow," said Monroe. "Go team." "Dean, you rocked," said Seamus, jogging over to his friend. "Why the hell haven't you joined the Auror Office?!" "This'll be a job to clean up," said Hermione, sighing as she glanced around at the ruined party. "In more ways than just the mess here," said Harry. "That was an organized attack; there'll probably be more." "You have to say that," said Ron. "You're the Head Auror." "Still," said Ginny, "despite everyone staying intact, this should be something we should worry about." "Yeah, yeah, I know," said Ron, putting his arm around Hermione, "but… can we not worry about it today?" Harry grinned. "Of course," he said. "We have unfinished business." The crowd fell quiet, staring at the almost newlyweds, waiting for them to speak. "Kiss that fucking bride," said Traelie, breaking the silence. Ron dipped Hermione down low and kissed her as the crowd cheered again. "Woo-hoo, yeah!" whooped Traelie. "Willowthorns, get some fucking clothes on and stay out of the loo; Weasley and the new Weasley are going to need it to make yet another new Weasley." Harry looked up at the sky again. It was still a perfect day… but sunshine never lasted too long. The storms would always come.