look after them!" "Oh Ginny!" Lily called, "Do you mind if I come up with you?" Ginny turned back to face her mother-in-law, looking touched. "Of course not, come up." The two women headed upstairs to the children while Harry, Ron and James stood in the kitchen in silence. Harry began to hear faint sobbing and as he turned his head to the right, he caught sight of Ron crying. " Sorry, mate, it's just…it's just so…you know. " he whispered and Harry patted him on the back, unsure of whether he would even be able to get the words out to console his best friend. A few minutes later, Ginny and Lily came back downstairs as Lily was saying, "They're really beautiful children." And James whispered in Harry's ear, "They are." Ron walked over to the sofa and placed a kiss on Rose and Hugo's foreheads while they slept, he whispered something in Rose's ear and Harry noticed she had one eye slightly open and was surveying the scene before her rather stealthily. "Oh, let me just send Hermione another owl in case!" Ron said, rushing off upstairs. He returned as quickly as possible. "Right, Godric's Hollow." Harry forced out and at the same moment, they all turned on the spot and fell into nothingness before popping out in the little village. Without a word, both James and Lily - hand-in-hand - headed towards the graveyard where they were buried. Harry, Ron and Ginny followed silently behind. They kept their distance as the Potters weaved through headstones, reading the inscriptions on each until they came to the large statue of James, Lily and baby Harry. Lily clasped her hands to her mouth and a single tear rolled down James' cheek. "It's very beautiful." he said, squeezing Lily's shoulder. Harry stepped forward towards his parents while Ginny held Ron who had started crying again. "Is it weird?" Harry asked. James turned his head around to see his son, "Is what weird?" he asked. "That you're down there?" Lily turned around and placed her hands on Harry's upper arms, gripping them tight. "Oh, Harry, we were never down there. That's just bones, now. We haven't been there since…since he cast the Killing curse. We've always been with you, not in some box in the ground." she reassured him as Harry tried to fight back the tears. Ron's sobs grew louder as Ginny tried to calm him down, but Harry couldn't hear his friend. He was so focused on studying every detail of his parents' faces. How they smiled. How they blinked. The image of them together, smiling at him. The smell of his mother's perfume. They way they felt when they held him close. "Harry!" Ginny called over, "It's five to." she said, checking the Muggle watch Arthur had slipped into her pocket before he left. "No!" Harry exclaimed, eyes wide with horror, "It's not enough time. I need to…to say so much. I didn't….we didn't get the chance to. No, please, no." he said frantically, eyes wild and looking between the two of them for some solution which wouldn't come. "Oh H-harry," Lily said, her breath hitching in her throat as she began to cry, "Harry. Our beautiful boy. You're a man now. We missed so much, darling, so much. We got this day to be with you, to see you. To see your family. You have to look after yourself, Harry, please." Lily turned her head into James' shoulder to hide the tears. "Son," James spoke up, he too was crying, "Son, your mother's right. You have a wonderful family. Such wonderful friends. You have everything to be proud of. And we're so proud of you. You saved the world. And you saved us." James reached up his free hand to dab away the tears, "You made sure that we didn't die in vain." "But you didn't get to meet Hermione!" Harry whimpered, as his parents pulled him into a tight hug. "We love you, Harry. We'll always love you." Lily whispered into Harry's hair, reaching up on her tiptoes to kiss the top of his head as she had done when he was a baby. "We'll always be with you. We're in your heart." James said, squeezing his son a little tighter. "It's not fair." Harry muttered as they released him. "It's never fair." James said, shaking his head. With that, the church bells nearby began to ring. "No!" Harry exclaimed feeling panicky, he reached out and grabbed his parents' hands one last time. A moment of serene calm washed over them and James and Lily smiled back at Harry. James squeezed Harry's hand one more time, and as the church bells rung their final time, Harry watched as his parents began to fade and became smoke that floated away on the breeze. There was a loud pop behind Harry, but he didn't bother to turn around, he felt too defeated, letting the tears fall down his cheeks onto the grass below. "Harry?" Hermione called out frantically, racing down the lawn, "Harry? Where are they? Did I…" she approached the scene. Ginny gave her a sad look and shook her head. "Too late." Ginny croaked. Hermione fell to her knees, sobbing loudly as Ron put his arm around her and she mumbled into his chest. " Oh, Harry…I couldn't….with work…and they…oh no, no, no, no, no. " she sobbed as Ron stroked her hair. "You got the owl?" Ron asked, holding her close. " I got the owl. " she wailed and shook with sobs. Ginny slowly approached Harry from behind and took his hand. "They were so wonderful." she said, echoing what James had told Harry about his own family. Harry nodded tearfully. "They were." he repeated. Harry turned around and ran towards Hermione, colliding with her in a tight hug as she cried into his shoulder. Ron wrapped his arms around both of them, and Ginny did the same, holding hands with Ron as they did.