three, who bit back their chuckles so as not to draw unwanted attention to themselves. They all turned their attention back to hear Beauxbatons' Headmistress say, "Will you please inform zis 'Agrid zat ze 'orses drink only single-malt whiskey?" "Why the bleeding hell would you give a horse alcohol?" Harry mumbled to himself. The other three shrugged – they didn't understand it either. Maxime and her students headed inside, causing Harry and Moonbeam to pout, because they were sure they were far colder than their French guests, but they were being forced to stand outside in the cold. Everyone fell silent once more. Moonbeam tilted her head to the side. "Do you hear anything?" she asked the others quietly. They all nodded. A loud and oddly eerie noise was drifting towards them from out of the darkness: a muffled rumbling and sucking sound, as though an immense vacuum cleaner were moving along a riverbed…. "The lake!" Lee yelled, pointed down at it, "Look at the lake!" Something was under the surface of the water. Great bubbles were forming in the center of the lake, waves washing over the muddy banks – and then, out in the very middle of the lake, a whirlpool appeared, as if a giant plug had just been pulled out of the lake's floor…. Harry's eyes widened as he realized what it was. "It's a mast!" he hissed to his friends, who all nodded silently. They all waited impatiently for the ship to fully rise out of the lake, feeling the freezing cold seeping into their bones. They tuned out Dumbledore greeting the Headmaster of Durmstrang after he and his students had gotten off the ship and they had heard his name – Karkaroff. Finally, they all headed back inside, and Harry and Moonbeam pouted as they realized they would have to sit with their own House. Cedric and Hannah laughed, dropping a kiss to both their heads and advising them to sit with Hermione and Dennis Creevey. Huffing, they did so, placing both teens on either side of them and ignoring any attempt of the dominants to gain their attention to beg for forgiveness. Hermione frowned at them. "Why are you so upset with them?" The pair shot a venomous look at the five desolate dominants before leaning in and lowering their voices. "We aren't really," Moonbeam answered with a smirk, "we just want them to think we are." Harry chuckled and nodded. "Teach them not to agree with Draco calling us a disease." Hermione scowled. "How could you not be upset with that?" The pair laughed. "Because we know they didn't mean it. If they had, we would have hexed them, guests be damned." Hermione nodded, then smirked herself. "How can I help?" she asked, her eyes sparkling with mischief. The other two shared a delighted glance before starting to form a plan with their muggleborn friend. Viktor looked over at the red and gold table to see a group of dominants staring forlornly at a pair of submissives. He nudged the blond beside him. "Vhat is vith them?" he asked lowly. The boy smirked. "Oh, I jokingly called Harry and Cana –" "Moonbeam." One of his colleagues inserted, causing the blond to scowl. "Harry and Cana ," he emphasized the name, "a plague after Patil – the female dominant – asked why they hadn't been placed in this House and now the two of them are pretending to be offended. None of them may have any intention to claim the two, but those submissives have all five of them wrapped around their little fingers." He snorted, "Actually, they have a few dominants from each House at their beck and call." Viktor frowned. "Moonbeam?" An Italian boy leaned forward with a huge grin on his face. "'Cana's' name is actually Moonbeam Lupin. Her mum was a muggle hippy who stayed around just long enough to get Cana to answer to nothing else before heading back to America. She lives with her father and Harry Potter – the dark haired boy sitting beside her." Viktor eyed the two submissives contemplatively. "And dey do not have dominants?" Both boys shook their heads. "None of the dominants are interested in Cana and all the ones interested in Harry are usually just in it for the 'boy-who-lived' or the Potter fortune. There's a rumor going around that they plan to marry each other once they graduate if neither of them find a dominant they deem suitable." Another blond had entered the conversation, his hair more of a golden wheat color than the other boy's platinum. Beside Viktor, Sasha Lantos, his closest friend, leaned forward, his eyes fixed on the female. "And do you know what they find suitable in their dominates?" The first blond shrugged. "They've not seen fit to share that information with me, but I would assume someone who would allow them to have a career if they so chose and doesn't look at them as broodmares. They are fiercely independent creatures and value their freedom above all else." He told them. The Bulgarian and Russian both nodded thoughtfully. "Would there be a way that we could approach them?" The blond dominate eyed them wearily. "You're not going to harass them or force a claiming on them, are you? Because they get enough of that from the idiots here." Both men shook their heads and the blond sighed, running a hand through his hair. "They spend a lot of time out by the lake or in the library. They're supposed to have at least one dominate or a large group of submissives around them at all times so that they aren't assaulted when it's just the two of them, so you'll have to tread carefully. I would advise just talking to them first. They don't take well to outright offers of courtship." Again, the two nodded, thoughtful expressions on their faces. The friends shared a look and nodded. They would definitely be pursuing the two submissives.