wherever Harry went, Ron followed along, ever the faithful sidekick. "I thought who better than you to take over something that you were so excited in doing in the first place. I never thought you'd willingly give up or back down from a challenge, Ginny. I expected you to be a lot braver than this." Ginny new she was being manipulated, the Minister was using mind games really, but damn it Kingsley was good at it. She could see now why he was voted into being temporary Minister and she had no doubt that it would become a permanent fixture too. And he was right. Evil schemes were already being concocted in her mind for vile punishments befitting Draco Malfoy. She was going to make him suffer. Oh, how she was going to enjoy this. Ginny stood up serenely and extended a tiny hand to the Minister. "I appreciate the time and confidence, Minster. I won't let you down." With a mischievous grin Ginny made to leave. "I know you won't." Kingsley gave her a conspiratorial smile and she headed out the ostentatious office. She would go visit her father first before she left the Ministry. . . . Ginny found him at the bar in Enchanted. He was surrounded by a group of giggling witches in robes of various bright pinks. There was so much pink around that Ginny wondered whether they had just come from attending a "how to be an airhead" meeting. There must be a club because all those girly vibes made Ginny feel queasy. She sat at a table in the corner, watching as Draco Malfoy ordered another drink and leaned in to whisper something into the ear of a dark haired witch near him. The girl simpered and giggled and Ginny's lips curled up in disgust. Did they really think that all that blonde hair and sharp features were good looking? Ginny studied Malfoy objectively. His aristocratic face was regal and handsome, his frame tall and his shoulders broad. However it was the way he looked when he wasn't sneering or scowling – as she usually saw him doing – that made Ginny see some appeal to him. A confident smirk tugging at one corner of his lips accentuated his features. The way a lock of blonde hair fell on his forehead made him look almost human and not like an evil, cold blooded git. However, there was something different about this Malfoy than she remembered from school. Ginny was not sure if it was the way his usually immaculate, dark robes looked slightly rumpled or the way his hands ran thorough his slightly longer, not slicked back hair frequently or the fact that he was drinking continuously made Ginny take a second look. It was almost as if he was lacking his air of superiority. That was probably to be expected since his father was facing trial again and his mother and he, had only been exonerated with stringent conditions. Such restrictions could not be an easy life for the previously privileged Malfoys. It was difficult to buy your way out of situations when no one wanted your gold any longer. Respect from silly, giggling girls was probably all he could get now. He looked somewhat defeated and resigned. Ginny chastised herself. She would not feel even an ounce of pity for a Malfoy. She refused to. He didn't deserve it. Making up her mind Ginny downed the last of her Butterbeer and stood up. She made her way towards the girls clustered around him, as if he were a celebrity, but stilled when she heard the stupid witches speak. "Oh, Draco, tell them that story about how You-Know-Who tortured you." Ginny heard one witch prattle on sympathetically. "Yes, Draco, you must tell them how brave you were to fight for the good while playing on the bad side. If You-Know-Who had found out …." A blonde girl shuddered with an annoying simper as the others around her clucked sympathetically. "Oh, you brave man." Another simpered. Ginny felt her breakfast rise to her throat as she listened to the hogwash these brainless chits were spurning. Did they really believe that? Even she had found it hard to believe that Draco Malfoy had suffered during the War, and Ginny had been armed with all the facts and Harry's testimonies as well. After all, Malfoy hadn't been so sure of his loyalties when he had been crying in a girl's lavatory and trying to kill Dumbledore. He had almost murdered others as he went along, including two of her brothers. And all these witches were surrounding him as if he was a hero? It was despicable and spurred Ginny's self righteous anger on all the more. Taking in a deep breath to calm herself, before she hexed all the brainless broads surrounding Malfoy, a plan formed in her head. It was preposterous and probably wouldn't end well, but she needed to get rid of all the bimbos before they filled Malfoy's head with so much drivel that he actually started to believe them. Merlin knew at one point his arrogance had rivalled even that of Voldemort's. This could also be an added bonus in punishing Malfoy since he seemed to be revelling in the mindless attention. And anything he took pleasure in, Ginny would strip from him. With a determined lift to her red head, Ginny elbowed her way towards Malfoy. "Darling, there you are." She cooed loudly as she stepped directly into Malfoy's line of vision. Lifting her face to his Ginny pressed her cheek against Malfoy's on the pretext of kissing him in greeting while she was really whispering against the shell of his ear. All the while grateful she had managed to bamboozle him in to not pushing her aside and claiming disgust at being near a poor, blood-traitor. "Be a good boy and get rid of the slags, Malfoy, so you can say a proper hello to your Repentance Workshop Assessor."