James finally seemed to find his voice. "What are you doing here?" "Why Mr. Potter, are you one of those people who believe teachers live in school?" "Uh, no?" James said almost as if he was doubtful. "I ran out of Ribena," she shrugged. Sirius grinned at the mention of his favourite non-alcoholic drink. "I like her." Just then a tall, blonde woman joined Ms. Evans and James recognised her at once. "The paper towels in the loo are shi-" she began to say. "Marlene," Ms. Evans cut in. Her eyes pointed to Harry who was examining the new lady inquisitively. "This is my student , Harry, his father and various uncles." "Oh hello," she mumbled sheepishly. The others just nodded. "The paper towels in the loo are shitake mushrooms." "Shitake mushrooms?" Harry asked curiously. "Yeah, I hate shitake mushrooms. Bleh." She screwed up her face to make an exaggerated, funny face. Harry giggled. "I hate onions. They make your mouth smelly." He then resumed eating his ice cream and tuned out of the conversation. "Are you marmarlovesbonbons?" Sirius asked. "Yes." Marlene narrowed her eyes suspiciously at him and even Ms. Evans regarded him questioningly. It was mark of their friendship that Sirius didn't even wince when James stomped on his foot; he had been anticipating it. "I think you came on my suggested once," Sirius explained. "Right," Marlene replied dubiously. She turned to Ms. Evans. "I think we'd better go, Lily." "Yeah. Nice meeting you," Ms. Evans told the boys. "Goodbye Mr. Potter. I'll see you for the parent-teacher meeting on Monday. Bye Harry!" There were 'Byes and 'Goodbyes' said in a variety of tones from all around the table. James watched her leave until the last strand of her auburn hair disappeared from sight. "I like Ms. Evans' friend," Harry declared as he finished his cup of ice cream. "Do you like Ms. Evans?" Sirius had a devious glint in his stormy eyes. "I love Ms. Evans." "Your Dad likes Ms. Evans too." "Sirus," James warned but Sirius ignored him. "How would you feel if they got married?" Sirius persisted. "You mean Ms. Evans would be my Mummy? That would be so cool." Harry was thrilled. "Dad, are you going to marry Ms. Evans?" "No, Harry. Your Uncle Sirius is just being stupid." "Harry! James said a bad word. Take five quid from him." "Stupid is not a bad word," Harry said sagely "What?" Sirius cried. "Last week I gave you two pounds for saying stupid." "Ms. Evans says stupid." "Really?" "She says 'stupid chalk', 'stupid shoes', 'stupid pencil', 'stupid stapler' . . ." Harry went on. Stupid became James' new favourite word. . Come Monday afternoon, James felt jittery. He had never felt this anxious for a parent-teacher meeting, not even when his parents were called to the principal's office after he flooded the school hallway. As usual, he was one of the last parents to arrive. Ms. Evans was talking to a mother and father, while two children were playing with legos in the corner of the classroom, one of them being his own son. When James entered, Ms. Evans finished talking to the other parents. She gestured for James to sit in the seats the other couple had occupied moments before. "Good Afternoon, Mr. Potter." On an impulse he said, "James." "I'm sorry?" "You can call me James." "All right then," Ms. Evans smiled and she stuck her hand out, "I'm Lily." James shook her hand and it was as soft as he had expected. "Nice to meet you ,Lily." "Harry is a good kid. He's friendly with his classmates though at times he fights with Draco." "That kid deserves it," James said darkly. He had heard all the stories of Draco cutting in line and Draco stealing Neville's ball. "Be that as it may," Lily continued, amused. "Fighting with students is frowned upon. Harry is also very curious about the world but perhaps it would be best to teach him that living animals belong outside and not in his pocket." James laughed. And then shuddered. He remembered having to scrape out a dead lizard form Harry's pockets when he was doing the laundry yesterday. "Another thing I'd like to discuss is that lately Harry has taken to calling me Mum." James cringed. "I know it must be difficult without a mother but no matter what I say he isn't stopping." "That's just a joke between him and Sirius." "Oh?" Well. . . what to say? What to say, indeed. "Sirius might have told Harry that I like you." "Oh?" Her expression remained unreadable. "Yeah." Now that that was out in the open, James might as well expose all his cards. "In fact, I really like you and would love it if you'd grab some lunch with me." James was hyper aware of everything as the seconds dragged on –the way Lily's lips had parted ever so slightly, the way her eyes had widened fractionally, the way his palms were becoming disgustingly sweaty and how dry his throat was becoming. "I'm sorry," Lily finally said apologetically. "There's a rule that teachers can't date their students' parents." James' face must have shown disappointment because she quickly amended, "And I'm not just making an excuse. I genuinely like you too." James brightened at that admission. "But I'd like to stick to the rules," she finished. James leaned over the table separating them. "But would you be open to a date when Harry's in grade one?" Lily smiled coyly, "Maybe." "I'm going to take that as a yes." She laughed and Harry, who was now the only student in the classroom, came running to know what was so funny. "Nothing, Harry. Ms. Evans and I just made a deal." James and Lily shared a secret smile. "That you're going to get married?" Lily sputtered a bit behind the desk but James didn't take his eyes off her while answering Harry. "Maybe." A/N: Penny for your thoughts? Review please!