hours of the night. "Leave him alone, Severus," Hermione snarled. The former Professor raised a singular brow at her, no doubt surprised her outburst. "Neville?" the sweet sound of Luna Lovegood's voice echoed in the empty hall. Hermione watched as the blonde girl walked up from the darkness to sit beside Neville on the bench. "They're making a portrait of her, and they won't bloody come, Luna," Neville moaned. Hermione felt Severus stiffen just when she did. "What do you mean?" Luna asked, tilting her head in confusion. "McGonagall called me to her office today. Reckon she'll call you and Ginny in tomorrow. They're going to have some big ceremony to put Hermione and Snape's portraits. She tried to get Harry and Ron to come speak about her, but they declined. They won't even come to the bloody ceremony. She wants me and probably the two of you too to speak about her instead. Her best friends and they won't even do this," Neville explained. Hermione gasped. Her heart falling into the pit of her stomach. Luna sat in silence, waiting for Neville to continue. "They didn't do anything without each other. They were always there for each other. She was with them all the time, and it's like they don't even bloody care for her," Neville sniffled again. Hermione felt someone tug on her arm. She turned around to see Severus staring at her in awe. She attempted to turn back to the scene in front of her. To hear more about how the people most important to her had forgotten her enough to not even take the time to speak at a ceremony in her honor. Severus kept a grip on her arm, staring down at her with wide eyes. She watched in sullen anger, as he reached forward with one hand. She felt herself stiffen, as his hand went to her cheek. She felt him caress the skin with such delicate softness, swiping against the apple of her cheek. "Imagine how she must feel, seeing all this. Seeing how much they apparently cared about her. And who's there to comfort her to tell her to forget the lot of them?" Neville's rant continued in the distance. Hermione's eyes widened as Severus held up the thumb that he had brushed against her cheek. It gleamed with the moisture of a fresh tear. A sob escaped her lips. Crying. She was crying. Severus looked down at her with a conflicted expression before sneering. She gasped sobbed again when she felt him tug her forward, into his own stiff chest, as he hugged her. "You know Neville, I think she will be doing just fine," Luna's knowing voice rattled Hermione's senses. Breaking away from the stiff hug, the pair of ghosts looked back at the living pair. Luna Lovegood's blue eyes were looking right at them, a serene knowing smile on her lips. Day 207 "If you are so determined to see this ceremony in our honor, you will have to stop your avoidance of Miss Lovegood," Severus told her. Hermione watched from the window as groups of people made their way into the castle, all for the ceremony for their portraits reveal and official placing. She had spent the last week holed up in the Slytherin Common Room, much to Severus' pleasure, in avoidance of Luna and her new apparent ability to see them. "You don't find that strange and worrying at all? That Luna can see us! That I can suddenly cry. Something is happening, Severus," Hermione sighed. "We have researched all the material that is available to us, and there seems to be no explanation on our situation. I am not one to dwell on the things that we cannot change," Severus replied. Hermione scowled at him but stayed silent. They had spent weeks digging through the library for any explanation of what exactly was happening to them and if it was permanent. Nothing had come up that fit their exact situation. They had given up on their research, but things were different now. Someone could see them. "And why this sudden fear of Miss Lovegood. Why aren't you in Ravenclaw tower now, talking to your old friend?" Severus drawled. Hermione scowled again. No matter how valid the question was, she would never tell him the truth. That she had come to accept her fate, that she had grown used to her life of being unnoticed by everyone. She had been growing to accept and even enjoy an eternity of being a ghost and arguing with the older man. Now, something was changing. If she talked to Luna, who knows what else would happen. "We should be going or we will miss our own ceremony," Hermione changed the subject. Giving him a pointed look, she walked out of the room through one of the many walls. She had had a terrible experience earlier when she had attempted to go through the ceiling of the dungeon only to find herself at the bottom of the lake. Now, she stuck through going through just the walls when in the dungeon area. She knew that Severus would follow eventually so didn't check behind her until she heard a muffled groan. Hermione turned back to see Severus stuck in the wall. A majority of his body was on the side of the hall while there were still some of his legs on the side of the common room. Looking at the older man who had mastered their ability the day he arrived, Hermione felt the beginning of fear creep up her spine. Something was happening. She just didn't know what. Author's Note: I have the second chapter scheduled to be uploaded on Sunday, but I love this story so much I might just end up uploading it earlier because I'm so excited to share it with all of you. Be sure to favorite, review, and all that other fun stuff. What do you think is going on with Snape and Hermione?