from the parchment on which he was furiously scribbling and handed it to Minerva. "Please double check me on this, Minerva." Twin frown lines appeared between McGonagall's eyes as she examined the parchment. Nodding, she peered at Dumbledore through her glasses. "This schedule will work, Albus, but -" "There!" crowed Umbridge. "It was just a matter of being positive." She beamed. "Now, let us discuss the next component of the evaluation process -" "But," McGonagall cut her off, "it will mean that everyone of us will be on duty every weekend of this month." She passed the parchment along to the Headmaster. "And," Filius interjected, "someone will have to coordinate with all the Muggle parents to make sure they can attend." "What compensation can we expect for giving up all of our weekends for an entire month?" asked Aurora Sinistra. Arching an elegant brow, she folded her arms across her chest. "Surely, you don't expect us to put in extra hours of work without extra reimbursement." Umbridge sniffed and turned ice cold eyes on her. "You are a salaried employee," she informed the Astronomy professor arrogantly, "and you will put in whatever time it takes to complete your job." She turned, ignoring the collective grumblings, and faced the group. "As I stated, there are further requirements that we need to discuss." "More PISS?" Hooch asked with a straight face. "The P. I. S. S. system is made up of three parts," she explained in a haughty tone, "as I've already told you. Perhaps you should listen, Rolanda. The C. R. A. P. S. component only counts fifty percent of your overall P. I. S. S. evaluation. The second component counts twenty percent." "Let me guess," Snape drawled with contempt. "This second component is called shi- " Dumbledore cleared his throat loudly. He coughed a couple of time as well. "I'm sorry, Dolores," he said with a plastered smile. "You were saying?" A momentary look or irritation flitted across her countenance, but she quickly halted it, batted her eyelashes outrageously, and carried on. "The second component, counting twenty percent of your overall score, is your Student Led Assessment of Professors," she said brightly, "or your S. L. A. P. score for short." She clasped her hands together in front of her in an angelic pose. "Each student will be asked to evaluate his or her professors, and their evaluations will make up a portion of your overall P. I. S. S. results." "What. Did. You. Just. Say?" Severus asked with deadly, deliberate calm. "I thought you said that the children would be grading us ." "Yes, of course," she chirped. "Students spend more time in the classrooms than any observer possibly could, so their opinions should count." Absolute chaos broke loose and galloped around the room like one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse. "Dolores," Dumbledore spoke loudly and clearly. He had abandoned the eccentric grandfatherly image completely. "This is ridiculous. I have no problem, and I'm sure I can speak for my staff as well, with a qualified, objective expert in a given discipline of study coming in to observe the performance of my teachers. Nor do I have any qualms with my teachers being held accountable for their classroom abilities. However, I see no legitimate reason for allowing children to evaluate adults." "I'm afraid there's nothing you can do about it, Albus," she said smugly. "It is a Ministry decision." She shuffled the parchments before her, trying to dodge the deadly glares and stares aimed at her. "You said there were three components," Trelawney whispered tremulously. She wrung her hands; her bangles and beads tinkled loudly in the cold silence of the room. "Oh, yes," Dolores replied. She tossed her head in a high-handed manner. "The last thirty percent of your overall P. I. S. S. score is based on the Assessment of Student Scores." "Do you mean to tell me, Dolores Umbridge," Minerva McGonagall demanded, her green eyes aflame, "that we will be held accountable for student test scores?" "Well, of course!" Umbridge snapped in reply. She thrust her fists on her hips. "If you're doing your job properly, then all of your students should pass their O. W. L. and N. E. W. T. tests," she asserted. "And then your A. S. S. results will be covered, so you'll have nothing to worry about." She flashed her most charming smile. Severus slapped both of his hands down on the table and opened his mouth, but Filius Flitwick forestalled him. "Madam Umbridge," he said as reasonably as possible, "the Ministry is proceeding from a false premise. A poorly scoring student is not necessarily indicative of a poorly performing teacher. There are a multitude of factors that may prevent a student from performing well. Impediments such as test anxiety, lack of effort or ability on the student's part, family problems, maturity levels, and or emotional issues are just a few." "And the reverse of that is also true," Vector insisted. "Just because a student scores well does not mean that his or her teacher does a good job." She waved her hand in the air. "Take Miss Hermione Granger for example. Because she is highly self-motivated, she will do her best and no doubt out-score the rest of the school regardless of any teacher input." Dolores Umbridge sniffed, pinched her lips together, and tapped her foot. "You might have a slight point. I will discuss the matter with Cornelius. However, things will remain in place for this year." She those last words, she twirled about and flounced from the room, a plump lump of pink and pearls. Dumbledore sighed loudly and stood slowly. "I am unsure exactly how to follow that," he declared bluntly. "I will do my best to speak with the School Board to see what can be done to mitigate these - challenging - work conditions. Please do your best not to fret and enjoy your weekend." SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS This chapter's title comes from Paul Simon's "Kodachrome."