I mourn greatly, but I am a descendant of a squib. It's such an honour to finally meet you, my Lord." Still kneeling at his feet, she waited for his answer. She could feel his eyes on the back of her neck. He was so powerful, you could feel it in the air. His snake-like appearance set him apart from all other wizards, showing them all exactly how great he was. She had been waiting for this day since that battle at the Department of Mysteries. "What is the name of this squib you refer to?" he finally asked. "Aaron Black, my Lord." An outraged cry rang around the clearing. "Can this be true, Bellatrix?" Voldemort asked. "Sadly enough, yes, my Lord," Bellatrix answered, anger eminent in her voice. "He was dispatched to an orphanage once his default was detected." "Severus?" "It's true, my Lord. I've double checked the research. She is the inside contact I've told you about. Earlier this evening, she killed Ronald Weasley." Hermione smirked, oh, she killed him all right. It had been loathsome to have the blood traitor believe he stood a chance with her. The small touches, his hugs, the words he thought would sweeten her, they had been utterly disgusting. She had suffered them only so they would continue to trust her. "Rise," Voldemort commanded her. She did as she was told, carefully keeping her eyes downcast. He nudged her chin up with a finger. She shuddered at the contact, she could not believe the Dark Lord had deigned himself to touch her! Meeting his red eyes, she dropped her shields as he invaded her mind. There was nothing he was not allowed to see. His calculating look momentarily rested on the prone figure of Harry Potter, before he turned towards Severus. "It seems she gave you more than only information, Severus," he leered. The Death Eaters erupted in laughter, some making obscene gestures. Hermione couldn't help but smile at their antics. "You did well," Voldemort told her, making her beam with pride. "Was there anything you would want to ask of me?" "Well," Hermione answered, unsure whether or not to take him up on the offer. "There is some revenge I would like to exact, if you would let me, my Lord." "Revenge hmm? By all means, go ahead." Hermione grinned wickedly, and brandished her wand. " Crucio! " Bellatrix fell to the floor, screaming and convulsing. Voldemort's laugh filled the air. "That's for torturing me at the Manor, cousin, " Hermione sneered. "I like your new pet, Severus." The professor merely inclined his head in acceptance of the Dark Lord's words. From the corner of her eye, Hermione noticed Harry leaping up, about to make a run for it. She abandoned her torture of Bellatrix to cast a quick Incarcerous at him. He was far beneath her notice, and hardly a threat, especially now, being surrounded by Death Eaters. Bellatrix scrambled up. "How dare you! That tiny sliver of magic you've got in your blood doesn't make you much better than a Mudblood! I shall teach you, you insolent -" "Enough!" the Dark Lord interrupted. Hermione smiled beatifically at a glaring Bellatrix. Severus came to stand behind her, putting a hand on her hip. "You did well," he said, before planting a kiss behind her ear. She leaned against his warmth, and watched the Dark Lord approach a bound and gagged Harry. The boy was staring at her with hurt and confused eyes. "Hermione…" was all Harry said after Voldemort spelled away his gag, his voice broken. "Harry," she sneered in return. "But, but Snape's memories." "Were altered, you dimwit. You were ever so gullible, it wasn't even difficult to deceive you." "I…" He looked utterly defeated, all the fight had left him. She revelled in his pain. After having to play nice for so long, it felt invigorating to finally be herself once more. "We will finish him off in front of the castle," Voldemort spoke up. "In full view of everybody, that should teach them not to defy me. Bellatrix, you can have the honour of dragging him behind you. Severus, Granger, you two can walk beside me. Let them see whose side you are really on." Bellatrix's grin eerily resembled Hermione's. To anybody watching, there could be no doubt about their shared blood. With the Dark Lord in front, they filed out of the woods, and walked up to the castle. Some shouts could be heard from the defenders, and they all gathered on the front steps. When they approached, people started recognizing her and Harry. Startled and angry cries could be heard. To drive home the message, she wrapped an arm around Severus' waist. He leaned down, and kissed the top of her head. Laughter escaped her at the outraged shouts coming from her former peers. "Silence!" Voldemort commanded. The battlefronts stilled and the Dark Lord motioned Bellatrix to bring forward Harry. "We caught him, fleeing to save himself, while you lay down your lives for him. The Boy Who Lived, your saviour." He laughed and pointed his wand. " Avada Kedavra " Bright green light shot through the air, hitting Harry square in the chest. His lifeless body fell to the ground with a dull thud, his dead eyes staring up at the sky. "The battle is won. You have lost half of your fighters. My Death Eaters outnumber you, and the Boy Who Lived is finished. There must be no more war. Anyone who continues to resist, man, woman, or child, will be slaughtered, as will every member of their family. Kneel before me, and you shall be spared. Your parents and children, your brothers and sisters, will live and be forgiven, and you will join me in the new world we shall build together." A feeling of triumph filled Hermione, as she watched the fighters of the Light, one by one, put down their wands in surrender. Finally, the Dark Lord had his victory.