shoulder for that), "Remus, and I would like to extend our offer of comradery to you if you wish to accept." "Umm…what?" He looked lost. "What the idiot here—that's your new nickname by the way, James—" James pouted in what would be a good imitation if not for his eyes. "means is, would you like to be our friend?" "Are you serious?" Peter asked in shock. The side of Sirius's mouth twitched. "Why yes I am," he laughed, "Sirius Black at your service." Sirius said extending his hand. Peter took it and though Sirius wouldn't admit it, Remus knew Sirius saw what he did—a lonely boy wanting friends, they all did. Although he didn't get to study the way they got to Gryffindor Tower, Remus wouldn't change it for a thing. He wasn't sure what floor they were on but knew they were close when they came to a stop at the end of the corridor. In front of them stood a portrait of an overweight woman who wore a pink silk dress. "This here is The Fat Lady. The password will change once a month, and you will be informed, but try to remember it please. Write it on your hand if you must. I don't want to come outside past curfew because one of you forgot the password which is Whizzing Worms," the dark haired girl said addressing them. The portrait swung open, and they went up the rabbit hole. Remus took in the common room; it gave off a cozy feeling (odd considering all the red), and he couldn't wait to spend time here with his friends . It was a round room full of squashy chairs and a sofa. The Gryffindor girls were directed through one door to their dormitory and the boys another. Upon reaching the top of the staircase, Remus became aware that his room was in a tower ( he thought it was rather wicked ). "Since there's nine of you," The Prefect began, "there will be two rooms connected to one bathroom—you're free to decide who you want to room with. Each room has five beds, so suit yourself. Curfew for first to fourth year is half-eight, so be in before then or you'll serve a detention or lose points depending on who finds you." With that he departed. "Are you coming with us or what, Potter?" A brown-eyed boy asked James, indicating himself and two dark haired boys. "No," James said defiantly, "Why would you assume I would?" The brown-eyed boy (Adam Mumps, he believed), looked at him as if it were obvious. "So you'd rather befriend a loser, a Black, and someone who looks to be a vampire?" Remus looked down self-consciously, he noticed Peter do the same. Sirius, on the other hand, looked about to punch the boy. "Oh how silly of me," James said in faux understanding, "yes, why would I want to be friends with Remy who is a heck of a bloody lad and probably knows more spells than you do, Mumps." James's lips twitched slightly, trying to repress a smile. "Or Peter who is probably far nicer and more loyal than you, loyalty is everything to a true Gryffindor. As for Sirius being a Black, I quite enjoy hanging with rebels. You'd be too much of a softie for me to hang out with." He rolled his eyes, "Coming, lads?" James asked looking back at us. Sirius grinned as he opened one of the doors. Peter looked like he couldn't believe his luck. Remus smiled as he saw the wooden sign that said "First Years." He was home and for the first time ever, he had real friends. A/N: Okay, if anyone can come up with a Sorting Hat song I can use (the hat comes up with a new one each year, and I don't fancy reusing one), I will be delighted and obviously give credit just PM me. Anyways, the next three chapters are not in Remus's point of view but in this order: James, Sirius, and one for both Lily and Snape. The reason for this order is (in case that you're curious) because I tried doing it by connections. Remus is first because I felt like he's the most important Marauder in a way, and the tragedy he bears should be showed first for that reason. James is after him because he, like Remus, is an only child and probably understands Remus's loneliness and need of friendship. James and Sirius are both Pureblood and it makes a good contrast between how they were both educated. And lastly, Lily because of her conflict with Petunia is mainly because of magic, and Sirius's conflict with Regulus is who should have magic, and they both are the result of the sibling going to Hogwarts (although with Sirius's it's a bit more than that). I decided to make Snape's with Lily since they do grow up together (technically) at one point. The three next chapters will be like this one (from some point in their childhood until their first day at Hogwarts, so some parts of this will be redundant—I did this mostly because I wanted to write Jily's reaction to one another but didn't want gloss over their childhoods). I will most likely be writing only important moments (or moments to establish their friendships, characters) from first until the beginning or middle of fourth or the beginning of fifth year. I may change my mind but that's the plan as of now. Do you want me to write a section with Peter's sorting? (I could probably stick it with Lily or Sirius?) Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this, and if anyone who is reading this is a Beta and would like to edit for me, please let me know. Feedback is appreciated. Next chapter should take me a week or two to write (but hopefully sooner) so until then! P.S: Sorry if it looks weird with the " —" but fanfiction is being weird.