told me yourself you don't sleep well some nights, you feel guilt that you're alive and breathing while others who put the same amount of effort in as you have passed in their battles. Your relationships with those you were very close to are fraying, although we can chalk that up to your emerging adulthood as much as we can blame the War. You struggle to think about the people you've known and love pass on, and I can tell you miss your parents being close to you. Your life has halted, you have no job and no steady and permanent routine to stick to. The Ministry and your parents have been funding you financially while you adjust to living instead of surviving. Does this sound correct?" Hermione nodded, but Jenny could see that her eyes were glassed over with unshed tears. She carried on. "From this information, I believe you are showing not all, but the key symptoms of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. Are you familiar with this term?" Hermione nodded again, her tears threatening to fall. "I doubt you would benefit from medication, plus I wouldn't prescribe it to you for another month. Is this okay?" Another nod. "Good. I've had too many sob stories who wait for a diagnosis and then try and get their hands on a prescription for the strongest Dreamless Sleep potion St. Mungo's has." "How long until you think I'd be steady enough to join the workforce?" Hermione asked, ignoring Jenny's thin attempt at humour. "If you're willing to continue psychological treatment, that is talking sessions and therapy with me, a few months should be enough. If you feel the itch to rush though this though, I do have a suggestion that worked for a few clients of mine and I believe would work for you in particular." "What is it?" Hermione asked determinedly. She was more than ready to move past all this, and to get out of this office and lie down on her couch in her flat. It had been quite the day. "I said before that you had seen things that should only be experienced in history books, didn't I?" Jenny could see the cogs turning in her head before she could finish her thought. "Why not try and turn your experience into one?" Hermione's thoughts were rushing through her mind. Could she do that? Would she be able to do that? "If I were writing a book I would need serious help. Do you think other people would be willing to share?" "You could just write your story and be done with it. No one needs to see it if you don't want them too. Think of it as a Pensieve, something you can store your memories in and forget about until you need them again." Hermione was intrigued by the idea of writing a book instead of notes for herself. She could write it as a textbook, or as a new chapter to a proper history textbook – maybe even A History of Magic . She could ask Harry and Ron for help, as well as Mrs. Weasley and anyone else from the Order that would be willing to aide her. She could write it completely anonymously, leaving her personal thoughts out of the book and going on straight facts. "We need to wrap up this session unfortunately. I can tell you like that idea though; it would be good for you. It's something that you can do from your own home and not have to worry about your job, and if it becomes too much at times it can always be shelved and returned to later. "It's a wonderful idea. In truth, I'm a bit upset I didn't think of it myself, its right down my alley. All the people I can interview and put pieces of history together, I can use it as a true piece of history if I play my cards right, I can help others put their pain into words, stop them from wasting their life the way I've been with mine. There's so many possibilities with this, don't you agree?" Hermione stood to grab her bag as she talked and finally turned to face the therapist, who was looking at her in shock. "I rarely hear anyone speak that fast who isn't having a nervous breakdown. Are you alright?" Hermione grinned at that. "This is how I used to be back in my first year at Hogwarts. I feel…refreshed. Excited. That's been rare in my life these past few years. Thank you so much Dr. Reid." "Not a problem at all, dear. Would you like me to schedule you in for the same time next week, or would you like to think about it first?" "Same time next week would be lovely if you could fit me in." "Excellent. I'll see you next week then Miss Granger." Jenny had walked Hermione to the door of her office. "Have a good time at your dinner tonight. And if you're going to ask Mrs. Weasley for help with your book or your notes, be prepared for her to say no. People experienced the War differently to you, she lost a son and her brothers, if I recall correctly. That goes for everyone you ask." That dampened Hermione's spirits, but she put it in stride. "I'll remember that. Thank you again, Jenny." Hemione walked out of the office and into the sunshine through the muggle entrance. The weather seemed to be reflecting her mood, and she was grateful for it. Her flat was a few blocks away and she had a few hours to kill before dinner with the Weasley's. She decided to wait until dinner was finished to see how people were feeling and if they'd be receptive to Dr. Reid's idea for a book. She wasn't worried if they said no, though. This was something she could complete on her own. Hermione made her way home, happier than she'd been in too long.