gave me another smile and a nod. "Of course, once you have some schooling you'll be able to do this and more. You asked me before what my specialty was, now I will tell you, I teach transfiguration, a magical course where one learns to magical alter one object into being another." My grin widened at the revelation, and then laughter was heard from behind me. My grin faded away in realization. "What about Aggy and Ro?" I knew in part that professor McGonagall had half expected this question, but at the same she had not truly wished for it to come up. "They are both muggles~" "Excuse me, what did you just call my children!" Mum demanded from beside me all set to storm up out of her seat. "Muggle, it is the British wizarding term for non-magical person, it is to not an offensive term. I assure you I would never use derogatory language when speaking of children." McGonagall explained, her face trained into an assuring mask. Once that was explained mum was less aggravated and she lifted her China to her lips for a much needed drink. I imagine that she wished she had something stronger than tea at the moment, and then a light went on and she sat her teacup down. "Now hold on, what about her regular lessons, maths, literature, language, science, politics, will she learn any of this at Hogwarts?" She demanded. "We do not teach any of those subject at Hogwarts, however if you wish you may have her taught those subjects via post, as a sort of homeschooled equivalent to the muggle schooling system." McGonagall explained. She finished her explanation just as the other two reached the table, and they took their seats on either side of mum or I. "Mum is lunch ready?" Ro asked her auburn hair tied back into a ponytail. Aggy was in the process of plaiting her brunette locks as she sat next to me. Mum looked surprised, and it was clear that she had completely forgotten about lunch. Dad would be home any moment to have lunch with us, and on that note a pair of tires sounded against the gravel in the drive. She turned her attention to the professor and sighed. "Would you care to have lunch with us, I'm afraid I'll have to explain this to my husband after, and he'll have to give you the money for the supplies, I won't be able to go with you seeing as I have these two as well," she explained easily rising from her seat. "Thank you, I shall accept, perhaps I should help?" She questioned. "No that's quite all right. Aglaia, Euphrosyne, go and play until I come back out here with lunch,"mum ordered leaving the table. She did not go straight into the house but to dad's car where she started to talk. I could see the confusion on dads face but he easily nodded and made his way over to the table to introduce himself to the odd woman sitting across from me. "Hello, Deborah told me your name was Minerva McGonagall, I'm Sean, it's a pleasure." Dad exclaimed holding a hand out for her to shake. "Like wise," she responded taking my fathers hand easily. The next thing he did was rather embarrassing as he pressed a kiss to the top of my head. "Dad!" I exclaimed. With a cheeky laugh he then ruffled my strawberry blonde locks and went to play with Aggy and Ro who were on the other side of the yard now playing in the garden. I studied the professor for a second in silence, and then my questions began to fly from my lips, "what's Hogwarts like, will there be others like me, are there any books I should read before going to school~" "Miss Grace, I assure you that you will have plenty of time to ask questions during our shopping trip, now for the ones you just asked in order shall we, Hogwarts is spectacular. It's a castle, and if you'd like to know more beyond that I recommend you get a copy of Hogwarts: a history when we get to flourish and blotts. "Yes, there are other muggleborns, witches and wizards from muggle families, but there is no guarantee that you will all be placed in the same houses~" "Houses?" "Yes, houses. The students of Hogwarts are sorted into houses, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin, named so for the four founders of the school. "Now as for the reading, I recommend your textbooks, of course that is a given for any school."McGonagall explained before taking another sip of her tea. With a frown at the cold tea she had just consumed she covertly pointed her wand at her tea, and seconds later I watched as steam rose from the now warm cup. In amazement I grinned, however before I could ask anymore questions mum called out from the door, "Girls come wash and help me carry this food out, you come wash as well Sean, and professor if you'd like you as well." With a grin I hopped from my seat and rushed to get to the house before my sisters, who were closer then I. A.N.: please look forward to the next chapter as much as I look forward to writing it. To be honest I had written the beginning of the second chapter without realizing that it was going to bwe a part of the second chapter. To many who noticed I did not name Thalia Grace after The Percy Jackson character. It was a complete coincidence that their names are the same. I just really liked the name Thalia for the story, and so I did research on it and found that it was the name of a Muse, as well as one of three graces, and so my story developed from there. Please comment, and ask any question. I look forward to answering them the best I can!