with a long white finger and touched Harry's scar while holding the wand. "Curious," said Ollivander. His stare was now bothering Harry. "I think that this is not a coincidence." Harry looked down at the floor. He held the bundle of cloth he'd wrapped the fang in. "I thought I might need a new wand, and I brought this along." He unraveled the cloth and let the fang drop to the floor. Ollivander looked at it. "My word, Mr Potter, what is that?" His voice had dropped to nearly a whisper. "A fang from Salazar Slytherin's Basilisk. I killed it last night, down in the Chamber of Secrets." Ollivander stared at Harry again, seemingly looking right through him. "I expected great things from you, Mr Potter, but you have exceeded even my expectations. I will examine this." He took it off the floor, then smiled. "I have never gotten to work with any piece of a Basilisk before; few wandmakers, perhaps none at all, ever have. This may be a very great privilege." From a pocket Ollivander produced the silver tape measure that Harry remembered. "You will need to be remeasured, to be sure of the length." He measured Harry from shoulder to finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round his head. He moved back and let the tape measure finish by finding the distance between Harry's nostrils. It then fell to the floor. "As expected, eleven inches is the right measurement. I think it was worth checking though," the wandmaker muttered, seemingly more to himself. Harry only shrugged; the numbers meant little to him. He only wanted the wand to be complete. Ollivander picked up the tape measure from the floor and moved to the shelves with the lengths of finished wood. He took many samples down and moved them to the workbench. With his wand in hand he murmured more words which Harry could not understand but knew had to be spells. Ollivander looked up again, straight at Harry. "One further thing, Mr Potter, before I begin to make the new wand. I fear your old one must be destroyed. I offer you the choice of doing so, as you are not receiving a punishment. Do you wish to break this wand yourself?" Harry was shocked. He had not considered that he could not keep his first wand. He found he could not answer, and some of his feelings must have shown on his face, for Ollivander said solemnly, "It is the law. This wand has ceased functioning, but the charms on it remain active, and only members of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement are ever given the privilege of owning a secondary or further wands." Harry nodded, disheartened that he could not at least have the memento. "I... could you please do it?" Ollivander nodded. He gripped the wand between both hands and swiftly broke it. Harry winced at the sound, at the finality. "You see, Mr Potter, that the phoenix feather has come apart?" Harry looked at the broken wand and nodded. "A wand that has sustained this sort of damage cannot be repaired by any means I know of. We shall burn the pieces, to be certain." Ollivander muttered a spell Harry could not hear, and the pieces of the broken wand began to burn. Harry watched as the two halves of his former wand swiftly burned away. Ollivander waved his wand again and the ashes vanished, leaving no sign. Harry was left a little bit cold; he had been very fond of that wand despite which wand it had been brother to. "And now I shall make you a new wand." Hours later, Harry found himself remembering the words Ollivander said before bowing him from the shop: Great things, Mr Potter. Great things indeed. The Basilisk fang-cored wand had issued a great flood of emerald and gold flames … The emerald was Slytherin again. The Sorting Hat had told him he would have done well in Slytherin, it had told him You could be great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that … More than one person, and a highly enchanted hat, had now told him he was or would be great. Harry was still not sure whether to believe any of it. The last few days of term passed quickly, without major incident. Draco Malfoy was forced to shelve his arrogant swagger after his father Lucius was sacked as a Hogwarts governor. Far from his previous form, he spent much of the remainder of the term seemingly riding the cusp of considerable anger. It was different from any expressions Harry or his friends had seen in the blond Slytherin; it did not fit his features. Harry wanted to think Malfoy would not do something drastic but was not willing to wager on that. Ginny Weasley seemed to be happy again after a few days spent subdued. She quietly thanked Harry for saving her, but would not say much in front of him after that. Harry noted that she had been slightly red when she thanked him. It was much toned down from the glowing flushes he recalled from the previous summer. Without a professor, Defense lessons were canceled, to Hermione's annoyance. Harry and Ron were much less bothered about it, Ron especially so because now he didn't have even the malfunctioning, broken wand to work with. Whispers followed Harry as he walked the halls, but they were no longer the aggressive sort he had been forced to hear earlier in the year. He was no more fond of this type than the former, and the relentless stares were something he was fast becoming tired of. He had no expectation of them going away. Finally, on the very last day of the term, as the train moved southward to Kings Cross, Harry thought miserably about the summer he was likely to have.