great," commented Angis joyfully, sticking out his tongue. Bobbing slightly, the forked appendage was quick to snatch up the woman's tears, which were two uneven rivers on bare skin. "I know," Salazar hissed, watching from another chair. The Squib shuddered violently. "You're not Harry Potter! You can't be him!" she shrieked. "But I am," Salazar smirked. "Liar! You speak to snakes!" Mrs. Figg insisted rather stubbornly. Salazar smiled. Under the light of the crescent moon, his expression came across as rather sardonic. "Oh dear… It seems like there's been a misunderstanding. Everyone calls me Harry Potter, madam. That's my given name! I've lived in this neighbourhood my entire life! You're my neighbour, though, you should know." But Mrs. Figg was already shaking her head. "From your expression, I assume that you wanted me to turn out very differently," he said. Casually, he offered her a piece of cake, not offended in the least when she didn't take him up in the offer. "You-? What are you getting at?" her voice cracked. Mrs. Figg twisted inside her bindings, but froze instantly when Angis grew frustrated with her and snapped at her. "Please don't hurt me," she pled, glance going to the reptile and then to him. "I didn't do anything to you!" Salazar ignored her. "You're a busy woman, Mrs. Figg," he said with a mien of false awe. "Your interest in me is very annoying, as is your affection for your pets. They're a pesky bunch, those creatures. I was willing to overlook them, until you crossed a line I cannot ignore." Mrs. Figg whimpered, "Keep my cats out of this!" "But they aren't just cats, are they, Arabella?" Salazar interjected smoothly. Green gleamed darkly, directly at her. "You know exactly what they are." "Brood eaters," Angis coiled further with a disgruntled hiss. Mrs. Figg recoiled. "I don't know what you're talking about. My cats are cats. You're going in circles. Clearly, you're out of your mind!" Salazar arched one of his eyebrows behind his glasses. "Kneazles," he said, with the conviction of someone who just knew they were right. "Kneazles, woman. You breed them with cats and sell them to any wizard that's interested in half-breeds for pets and familiars." "You're mad, boy. You're mad, you hear me!" Denial. Well, he wasn't about to let that deter him. "And you… Mrs. Figg, you are a Squib." The woman looked as though she had been slapped. She let out a funny noise from the base of her throat. "No… No, I'm not…" "I must say… you must be the most incompetent spy I've ever met," he said, watching as he dropped the bomb on her. "Anyone with the right instincts and an ounce of intelligence would have figured you out sooner or later. I must been truly blind not to do so earlier." Arabella Figg looked as though she was going to be sick. "You're wrong..." she told him feebly. She couldn't look at him in the eye. "I am not spying on anyone..." "Liar," Angis denied immediately. Salazar sighed. "I hope that you're comfortable," he said, dragging his chair closer to his prisoner. Mrs Figg flinched at the loud screech. "Your capture was an impulsive decision of my part. I'd like to assure you that I don't kidnap people on a daily basis, but things made this a necessity. You have information I need and hopefully you'll see my side of things when we're finished with this session." "Session?" she squeaked with a dry mouth. Salazar nodded. "We'll be completely honest with each other. You more than me. Look at it this way, Mrs. Figg," he said cheerfully. "We are in your house," he tilted his head, "alone..." His voice lowered to the sultry tones he used when he was threatening someone. "You are defenceless against my magic, Mrs. Figg. Even better, Dumbledore hasn't come to rescue you yet, so you can't hope for his intervention." "Who are you?" her voice shrilled, meeting his gaze in an effort to appear more dignified. "I took care of your pets," he said, smiling. Her eyes grew, horrified with the news. "We're truly alone at the moment. Nobody will interrupt this conversation." Salazar ignored Mrs. Figg's reaction, proud of this small victory. "A tragedy, really. I didn't know they would react that badly to the sulphur. They must be out of town by now..." he hummed. "You dared—why would you—who—who are you?!" she yelled at him. Salazar paused and looked at her. He couldn't help himself and chuckled at her stormy expression. "I'm Harry Potter, ma'am," he bowed slightly, almost mockingly. "I live next door. It's a pleasure to finally meet you properly." She glared. "Impostor," she spat. "Harry Potter is only a boy! He's not supposed to know about magic! He's no Parselmouth! He's a little boy about to go to Hogwarts and discover the mysteries of magic!" "Oh, I see you have a schedule," he drawled. "Where were you all these years? I've never been 'only a boy'. And if you really think you're right, you've only deluded yourself by thinking contrarily." She huffed and turned her nose up. Salazar rolled his eyes. "I'm assuming that you're only a pawn in a bigger picture here," he said softly, "but, I'll give you a fair warning, Mrs. Figg… You do not want to test my patience. I won't hesitate to force the information out of you if anything else fails. And I promise you in advance that it won't end pleasantly for you that way, my dear." He let that sink. The Squib gulped and Angis expressed his approval verbally. Salazar produced a creased tabloid from his pocket and held it up for her to see. It was the Daily Prophet, inall of its sensationalism glory. Mrs. Figg took it with shaking hands. "POTTER NOT DEAD! ALTERCATION AT GRINGOTTS! DUMBLEDORE IN DENIAL!" she read aloud. She froze and gaped at him. Salazar's eyes glinted. "Mind loosening your tongue now, Mrs. Figg?"