in the middle of the small room and in an unnatural and practiced movement folded his fingers. "Please sit," He said and Harry sent a distasteful glance at the empty chairs. "Oh, no - I would like to stand," Fudge shifted, clearly debating wether to stand up too. Coming to a decision, he leaned back in the chair, looking pleasantly hideous. "Let's get down to business, shall we?" Harry murmured, absentmindedly brushing invisible dust-specks from his coat. "You want me to clean something up, right?" Stricking eyes fixed themselves on the sweating man. Fudge nodded grimly. "Yes, that's right." "And you're aware of my occupation?" Elaboration was everything in his line of work. A client lacking understanding was a burden Harry had no desire to carry. Either he was in the saddle or he was not. There was no - 'Well, I don't know'. "Yes, I do." Fudge's voice was wavering. "I… I know what you'll do," Scared of corruption he chose to place the responsibility of Harry. A guilty mind trying to justify its immoral actions. Oh well, Harry had little interest in a client's mental health. "Wonderful," Harry answered. "Alright, there are some general rules - here," Harry swished his wand and a paper popped up on the table in front of Fudge. "You need to sign that, with blood please, and if you are clever read it carefully," He murmured and Fudge nodded in response, sweat dripping from his nose down at the paper. 'How vile.' "Please know, Mr. Fudge, that while you've paid for my services it does not determine the deed. What do you mean by that? You may ask. Well, listen. My services are dependent on the sum you pay for the job. If there's, let's say, a man who'll pay more for the death of your enemy than you, then good for you! Free services! I don't double book a death, you see. Money rules the world. So, if someone - maybe, I don't know - the man - or woman - you want me to kill contacts me to kill you and pays more, then too bad! You're the victim! Money rules it all, my dear! Easy!" Fudge swallowed nervously, but Harry paid it no attention. "There's a second rule, but that's in relation to my services and nothing to do with you. When you pay, and a long as you're the main client, then I keep the money in an untouched bank account until I've succeeded. If I fail, unlikely to happen, but you never know, then you'll get all your money back. A wonderful system isn't it?! Inspired by Muggles there, can you believe it? No? Oh well, I believe that was it. Is there anything - oh, wait, I forgot. If you look at the bottom of that paper, you'll see a third paragraph. That one is pretty much protecting your identity, I won't share it as long as you're paying the most! Alright! That's it, please read it meticulously before signing." Smiling, Harry ticket of the last thing on his list. Everything was said and done. Wonderful. Fudge read it twice before signing it. "Who is it?" Harry asked excitedly as he picked up the paper, folding it and pushing it into his pocket. He was curious, but already suspicious of who it would be. "Well, you see… oh…" He stuttered and Harry could understand the difficulty in saying it out loud so he wanted patiently. "His name is… It's the Minister of Magic…. T-Tom Riddle," Fudge whispered. "He's a-" "I know who he is," Harry murmured, saving Fudge from embarrassing himself. "You do know that he'll pose as a greater risk than normal targets, so that'll up the price." No service was cheap, but this was something else entirely. "I have money - I'll give you anything, just… make him disappear." Fudge answered hurriedly. "Careful, Mr. Fudge, never say 'anything'," Harry whispered in reply. "But anyway! If you have the money then there's no problem!" "Do you have any personal information on him?" A professional question serving no other purpose than keeping a professional front. Harry had no interest in his client's opinion of the target. He had a routine where he stalked the dirt for some months before cleaning it up. Half the excitement came from gathering information. "Yes, I do," Fudge shifted in his chair and brought a small crumpled letter out from his pocket. "Everything…. Is in here," His voice was soft. He glanced at him for a moment before, once again, folding his hands, quieting. Looking back at Harry he opened his mouth, but closed it seconds later with a snap. "What?" Harry asked. "When," Coughing, Fudge continued. "When will you do it?" The general question; when? Human beings had not patience, none at all. Could they not understand that things took time. Harry was a painter and he needed time to consider each stroke he applied on the canvas. "Minimum one month," He murmured, considering it. "Maximum 1 years, it depends, but don't worry, he should be dead before the election." A satisfied smirk pulled at Fudge's lips, threatening to break out into a smile. The death of the beloved Minister would not only bring sorrow and despair, but pure contentment and happiness. Death was a two-sided occurrence. "Very well, I shall leave you now," Fudge stood, nodding to Harry. "Have a good day." "Good night, you mean?" He answered, but Fudge ignored it, hurriedly walking out of the office towards the door. The door slammed close leaving Harry alone in the suffocating place. Fudge had left a pungent smell of sweat and perfume inside the office, occupying space even when he had left in the worst way possible. Harry walked up to the entrance door, avoiding coffins and decaying spider carcasses. Bringing out a handkerchief, he eased it around the doorknob before twisting it, stepping out into the fresh air. To be continued A/N: Rewritten: 10.10.15, and a 1000 words longer.