"So what has Santa got in store for young Mr Potter here?" asked Remus quietly so that the toddler couldn't hear him. Sirius grinned. "If he keeps this poo business up, all he'll be getting is a cockroach cluster and a boot up the bum." The animagus picked up the rubbish bag, cursing as it leaked bin juice all over his hands. "What, you mean exactly like what I'm getting you for Christmas? OI!" Remus yelped as Sirius flicked the rancid liquid in his eyes. The brunette smiled at him sweetly and began to wash up the utensils used for his baking experiments. "I've actually gotten him a new toy broom. You know what happened to the other one..." Sirius swallowed a lump in his throat and looked at the sink, breathing heavily. Remus's heart sank and he nodded. "Yeah." The toy broomstick Sirius had gifted his godson on his first birthday had met its demise when the Potter's home had been largely destroyed by Voldemort's attempt to murder Harry. Whilst they had replaced the rest of the items lost in the toddler's nursery that night, Sirius hadn't been able to bring himself to buy another toy broomstick. No one – not even Remus – would understand why, but the animagus could still remember how he and James had excitedly discussed the plans for Harry's future before he had even been born. Both had argued over whether Harry would be a Chaser or a Beater should he take an interest in Quidditch. Sirius had finally avowed that he was going to get Harry his first broomstick and encourage him to take up a Beater's bat. But then Lily and James had gone into hiding and Sirius had been forced to send Harry his present without witnessing his first ride. Now that his best friend had passed away, the animagus hadn't felt right about getting his godson a new broom, feeling as though he should never have attempted to take James's place in what he viewed to be a special "father-son" bonding session. But after watching the pure elation on Harry's face as he had chased the fake snitch, Sirius had decided to bury his feelings of guilt and buy the toddler a new broom. As he took in his friend's downcast face, Remus decided to try and lighten the mood. "I'm hoping those cookies aren't going to be a stocking filler?" he teased. Sirius growled in frustration and folded his arms. "For Merlin's sake, can we forget about the bloody cookies already? I know I'm a terrible cook. I'm not perfect. Neither are y-" he closed his mouth but there was no point in doing so. Remus knew how he was going to finish that sentence. A shadow passed over the werewolf's face, and he observed the wall. "I'm sorry, Sirius, I didn't mean-" "No I'm sorry, Remus," interrupted Sirius quickly, but the sandy-haired man ignored him. "I shouldn't have said that, and you're right; I'm not perfect. We all know that..." he trailed off quietly, unable to keep the hurt disguised. The animagus flushed with guilt and looked at the ground. "Look, it's been a rough couple of months." They knew they were both thinking the same thing. Whilst Sirius had apologised profusely for believing Remus was the spy and the werewolf had assured him that he was forgiven, the tension was still palpable between them. Though he hoped that the hurt would truly heal with time, the animagus sometimes wondered darkly whether they would ever be the same again. A few moments passed before Remus smiled at him. "You're going to give Harry an amazing Christmas, Pads. Stop doubting yourself." "You mean we are," Sirius corrected him. His grey eyes looked earnestly into Remus's blue ones. "We're going to give Harry a very Marauder Christmas. One that Prongs would be proud of." He suddenly grinned deviously. "You know what that means, don't you?" Comprehension dawned on Remus's face and he groaned. "Oh come on! Harry's not going to remember any of this. He doesn't even know where his nose is!" Sirius shook his head solemnly. "I'm sorry, Remus, but you know how seriously James's parents took their Christmas traditions, and Prongs himself wanted to carry on their legacy. And since they are no longer with us..." Remus sighed, knowing his fate. "Fine, I'll do it. But don't think this is going to be happening every single year. Once he's at Hogwarts-" "I'm sure he shall regale his classmates with tales of his beloved unrelated Uncle dressed like he's fresh out of the North Pole," Sirius finished for him. The werewolf glanced in Harry's direction to make sure he wasn't looking then gave Sirius a rather rude hand gesture, which the animagus returned. They may have matured greatly in a short space of time but some habits never change. "Well as I apparently have a festive costume to organise, I had best head off then." Remus walked over to Harry and knelt down to kiss the toddler's messy mop of hair. "Now you be good to your poor godfather or Santa won't come!" "And I'm sure you would be SO disappointed if he wasn't good to said godfather," commented Sirius mockingly. Remus smirked at him. "Of course I would be! Can't have Santa skipping this house because the adult resident received a long overdue shattering of his over-inflated ego." With that the werewolf disapparated. Sirius glared at the now empty spot before grinning evilly. If they were going to give Harry a very Marauder Christmas that James would be proud of, he and his Godson were going to do it with gusto and make Remus's Christmas Eve a well deserved nightmare. Little did he realise that the werewolf was thinking the same thing about him ... I...I Hehe oh no! What chaos is going to ensue between our favourite Marauders on Christmas Eve? I hope you all enjoyed the first half and please let me know what you think!