her knee up into his private parts and smiled smugly when he cried out in pain and clutched his area in pain. "You Bitch!" He screamed, rolling on the floor in pain. Olivia spat at him and was rewarded with a crucio sent in her direction from Rodolphus who was red with anger. "How dare you," He screamed but was quickly cut off by the sound of apparation down stairs. "It's the aurors," Bellatrix hissed, running over to Rabastan and apparating him out, closely followed by Rodolphus. Olivia ran for her wand and shot curses at the places where they stood. Before she knew it the room was filled with aurors and she was being restrained with magical ropes. "You Miss have just earnt yourself a cell in Azkaban, for the use of unforgivables." An auror said gruffly, Olivia was about to protest when she felt the unmistakable tingle of a silencing spell wash over her. Sure enough, when Olivia tried to voice her innocence nothing escaped her lips. When the auror started to drag her outside she began to start kicking and trying desperately to get free, there was no way she was going to be taken without a fight. After all, she'd done nothing wrong and she had a daughter and nephew to get back to, not to forget a husband who was due back from a death eater meeting any second now. When Olivia finally managed a good kick at the burly auror she tried to make a run for it, although her hands were tied up her legs could still function. Before she could make it away however, she was hit with a stunner in the back and fell face first onto the floor. In her haste she didn't notice a certain Headmaster in the shadows, watching the scene play out and being grateful that he didn't have to deal with Olivia himself. ... Severus didn't arrive home until late the next evening, he hoped that Olivia was alright and hadn't been waiting up for him this whole time. When he'd gotten to the death eater meeting Lucius Malfoy decided that he needed a complicated potion brewing that would try and help them bring back the Dark Lord. Severus spent the next 15 hours brewing this potion and then being punished for the next two when it didn't work. "Liv?" Severus called when he came through the floo. When he didn't get an answer back he walked up to their room but she wasn't in there. She must be in with the kids , He thought to himself, praying that he was correct. When he entered the kids room he froze, the cribs were empty and clothes were thrown around as if someone was in a hurry. Rushing downstairs Severus checked the living room, gardens and finally the kitchen. Screaming for Olivia at the top of his lungs, when he got to the kitchen he found a newspaper on the table, an owl had probably brought it in this morning. He picked it up and began reading when he saw the headline on the front page. THE BOY WHO LIVED FOUND AND POTTER A CRIMINAL? By Rita Skeeter Early this morning Harry Potter, The Boy Who Lived, was found in McKinnon Manor, where Marlene McKinnon was found dead this morning. The Boy Who Lived was in an upstairs bedroom with a young girl, who's name we have identified as Hermione, who is thought to be the daughter of recently convicted Olivia Potter. Late last night Olivia Potter was found in the home of Frank and Alice Longbottom, she was charged with the use of unforgivables on both Mr and Mrs Longbottom, which has landed them both in St Mungos: Spell Damage with insanity from prolonged experience with the cruciatous. Their son, Neville Longbottom, was found in a cupboard in the very room they were tortured in, it is thought that the poor boy was locked in their while he had to endure the screams of his parents. Albus Dumbledore has taken charge of the two children found in the McKinnon Estate but won't talk to anyone about their wherabouts. For know though, some questions remain. Why did Olivia Potter torture the Longbottoms? Who is the father of Miss Potters daughter? And What were those two children doing with the late Marlene McKinnon? Severus crumpled the paper up, tears were running down his face and the china in the kitchen was shaking and shattering due to the immense amount of raw magic radiating from him. Albus Dumbledore had taken everything from him, his daughter. The only two people in the world that he loved unconditionally, taken from him by that old bastard. From that day forward Severus Snape closed himself from the rest of the world, he would be nice to no-one, not when they'd taken away the only things he'd held dear. Not when they'd taken away his only chance of a happy life. Thank you so much for reading, I'd love it if you left a review, letting me know what you thought of this chapter, your hopes for the future and if there is anything I can improve :) A/N: I've taken the idea of Olivias' imprisonment from when Sirius was captured in the books, because it wasn't unusual for people to resort to violence in those times and because she was on the scene of the crime, firing spells it looked as if she'd inflicted the injuries on the longbottoms so the aurors just took her in and sentenced her straight to Azkaban because - like with Sirius - they were adamant that it was her and were convinced that they would be wasting their time giving her a trail because they'd only find out what they already knew - or thought they knew. The whole Harry and Hermione being related plot isn't for every one but I hope you continue to read, you never know it might just grow on you ;D