crossed Privet Drive on her crutches. As glad as Harry was that school was out, it meant that Dudley's gang were free to visit all times of day and partake in their favorite hobby: Harry Hunting. His solution? Be out of the house as often as possible. July 16, the day after Dudley knocked over Mrs. Figg, took the opportunity to explore farther then he had previous summers and spent much of the day eating free samples at a larger market a few streets beyond Mrs. Figg's house. The next day, after a mid-morning snack of free samples to supplement missing breakfast to avoid the Dursleys, Harry found a public library three streets in the opposite direction of the market with a park not too far off. July 18 gave birth to how he spent his days; leaving the Dursleys' early and taking breakfast in the form of free samples at the market, holing up in the library until hunger pulled him away from whatever he was reading for another round of free samples and spending the afternoon at the park- making a few tentative friends- before heading back to the Dursleys' in time to make dinner. It was the makings of a perfect summer; even being sent to Mrs. Figg's while his aunt took Dudley to buy his Smeltings uniform on July 23 didn't hamper it since she fed him chocolate cake- albeit stale- and let him spend the day watching Boomerang (which consisted of Looney Toons, Tom and Jerry with a few appearances of DreamWorks Dragons). That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in his brand-new uniform; Smeltings' boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters. They also carried knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers weren't looking- this was supposed to be good training for later life, for what, Harry had no idea. As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life while Aunt Petunia burst into tears and said she couldn't believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he looked so handsome and grown-up. Harry had to chew on his tongue to keep himself from laughing, even so, he imagined that he broke a rib or two trying to suppress his laughter at her comment. The next morning was also a deviation from his routine when he woke to find his Aunt Petunia already up, stirring a foul-smelling concoction of dirty rags and grey water. He had to pause and ask, "What's this?" Her lips tightened as they always did if he dared to ask a question. "Your new school uniform," she said. Harry looked in the bowl again. "Oh," he said, "I didn't realize it had to be so wet." "Don't be stupid," snapped Aunt Petunia. "I'm dyeing some of Dudley's old things gray for you. It'll look just like everyone else's when I've finished." Harry seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue and left the house without further comment. While he had his usual free-sample breakfast, he missed his lunch when the book he was reading- Warriors: Into the Wild by Erin Hunter- drew him in enough that he had to finish it before he put it down and left the library. He did make it back to the Dursleys in time, but that seemed not to matter to Uncle Vernon, who seemed angry for some unknown reason, snapping, "Take your stuff to Dudley's second bedroom." "What? Why?" Harry asked, bewildered. His uncle's face, already red, turned purple. "Don't ask questions! And you're not to go wandering off like you've been- who knows what trouble you've been up to…" He opened his mouth to say something- to argue because, maybe he ate a bit too many free samples but he hadn't done anything wrong - but snapped it closed once more, obediently moving his things even as he heard Dudley bawling to Aunt Petunia. With any luck, whatever angered his uncle would blow over before summer ended and he'd be able to re-establish his routine. For now, there was an entire shelves of practically new books for him to occupy his time. The next morning, breakfast was quiet. Dudley was in shock; he'd screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the greenhouse roof, and he still didn't have his room back. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each other darkly, Harry was trying to think of anything he'd done to anger his uncle but came up blank. When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice to Harry, made Dudley go and get it. They heard him banging things with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall. Then he shouted, "There's another one! 'Mr. H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive-' " With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, but Harry was frozen in his seat in shock until his aunt hissed, "Go to your room!" Harry sat on his bed, absently flipping through pages of one of the books- No More Dead Dogs - as he thought. A letter, it was a letter for me that angered my uncle . He realized, but who would send me a letter and why would it anger Uncle Vernon so much? ...and why… Harry thought, something like irritated horror building in his stomach. Do they know which room is mine? A/N: An SI/OC Main Character with kinda dismal knowledge of the series they're now a part of because I wanted to poke at Harry Potter; Why is everything twenty-ish years later, you ask? For various reasons, many of them spoilery, but one is this: due to the series' that are released after the time Canon took place which would have an impact- minor or major- on the Main Character.