clearing just by the edge of the marsh. Bill was sat on the stump of a tree, his head buried in his hands. At the arrival of Harry and Ginny, he jumped from his seat, wand out in front of him, ready for an attack. At the sight of his sister he dropped his wand and ran towards her enveloping her in a crushing hug, Ginny winced at the sudden contact. Unlike Harry, Bill noticed this and decided to ask about it later. At the moment, they had more pressing things to worry about. "Thank Merlin! We were so worried, where have you been?" Bill practically screamed, his voice was shaky, Ginny had never seen him so vulnerable. "That doesn't matter right now, where is everyone?" Harry replied he needed to know if everyone was alright. He'd noticed the death eaters hit the top of the tower and could only pray that everyone had gotten out safely. Bill didn't answer, he stood there contemplating how to break the news. "Bill?" Harry asked concerned, the silence was never a good sign. "Bill, where are they?" Ginny mumbled, her emotions were starting to get the better of her. Tears were running freely down her cheeks, something bad had happened and she needed to know. She took off, running towards where the burrow had once been. "Ginny! No, don't go over there!" Bill shouted, rushing after Ginny frantically. Ginny had no clue of what to expect when she left the marsh but it had certainly not been this. The Burrow ceased to exist, the walls had long since crumbled and in their place stood thick beams of wood, blackened and charred from where the flames had licked at them. The ruins were still smoking and she could see the faintest glow of embers as she manoeuvred around the creaking threshold. Black dust hung in the air and invaded her lungs as she walked around her old house. Nothing had escaped the fire, glass littered the floor where the windows had broken and memories lay blackened and twisted on the ground. Aurors were running around frantically, a big cluster of them were crouched on the floor, they seemed to be tending to someone. Ginny sprinted towards them, several Aurors noticed her and made to grab her but Ginny' chaser reflexes came in handy. When she reached the scene, she couldn't believe her eyes. "Dad? Dad! Daddy? Daddy! No, no, Daddy. Wake up!" As much as she tried to hold it in, the pain came out like an uproar from her throat in the form of a silent scream. The beads of water started falling down one after another, without a sign of stopping. He was dead, eyes fixed and vacant. Ginny crouched, one hand over his still chest. He was gone. She picked up his hand, so cold and pale, touching it to her newly wet cheek, closing her eyes for just a moment. In that eternal second she, felt his presence, like the last goodbye they never got to have. Her mind struggled to stay in that moment, to keep him close. Before she knew it she was wrenched away from her father by the burly arms of an Auror. "No, stop! No! That's my Dad!" She screamed hysterically, kicking and hitting the Auror that had a hold of her. He hissed in pain as she dragged her heel down his shin, she tried to make her way back to her father when Harrys' arms encircled her waist from behind. He wrapped his arms around her waist, feeling her calm down instantly at his touch. Harry rubbed the tears away with his fingers and started rocking her calmly back and forth. The pair stayed like this for a while, Harry soothingly stroking Ginny's' hair and whispering calmly into her ear. A cough interrupted them and Ginny was passed into the arms of her twins brothers. They embraced for a while before Ginny slipped away and asked them a question they'd been dreading. "Fred, where's mum?" Ginny asked, hoping her mum was alright and wondering if she knew of dads death. When Fred didn't answer she asked again. "Fred! Where's Mum?" Again no response, she turned to George. "George?" She whispered, her voice cracking as she heard the vulnerability in her voice. Georges' eyes darted to the floor, as if he was trying to hide them from her. When he looked back up they were filled with unshed tears. "No, no no no no no." Ginny muttered to herself, this couldn't be happening. They can't be gone, they're not dead. They're not. She mentally tried to reassure herself. "Ginny, They're gone." Fred muttered, it was as if he could tell what she was thinking. "I'm sorry Gin, I'm so sorry," George said, trying his best to not break down in front of his little sister. Bill approached his family, he was the eldest, he had to protect them. Ron was over with Harry talking to the Aurors. Fred and George were watching Ginny as she stood frozen in front of them. Her eyes had frozen over like the surface of a winter puddle, robbing them of their usual warmth. She's was in there, he knew it, but it's like she just took a huge step back from life. Bill wanted to reach in and tell her it wasn't the end, but she wouldn't believe him. He wanted to rekindle her heat but her insides were too damp with un-cried tears. He always knew she had pain inside, but now it was visible on her face and he just wished it would go away. He knew that was a selfish want, people have a right to their pain, they don't ask for it - it just arrives like the gift you never wanted. A/N: Thanks for reading, I'm really looking forward to continuing this story, I hope you guys like it as well, I'd love it if you could give me feedback and review :)