"It's stupid, Padds…" she paused, "What if he doesn't even feel the same way?" She asked wringing her hands. He scoffed, "If he doesn't I promise to walk up to your mother and ask her 'What's new, Pussycat?' " Alannis burst out laughing, "Point taken." That night the Marauders and Alannis snuck out of the castle and went to the Shrieking Shack. Madam Pomfrey had already escorted Remus into the shack, giving Remus time to get ready for his transformation. They all waited in their Animagus forms, before entering in the shack. Alannis was the first to enter, since her Animagus form being a Snow Owl had its benefits. She was able to easily find an open window and enter one of the upper levels of the shack. As she flew in she transformed back into herself. She went over and gave Remus a hug as she has always done before his transformations, "Remember, no matter what happens you know who you truly are, you know in your heart." Before pulling away he smiled, "Thank-you." Just than the door slammed shut, and a muffled voice could be heard on the other side. "Tell him!" It was Sirius. Alannis shrugged, of course he would do it this route. As much as he could be mature, there was a side of him that was just as immature. She turned looking at Remus who had a questioning expression on his face, "Tell me what?" he asked, as the room was slowly losing its light as night was starting to take hold. She started to play with her hands as she looked down at her feet. "I was eventually going to tell you," she said in a soft voice, "I just wasn't sure how." When he didn't reply thought for sure this was going to go over like a lead balloon. She somehow found her voice again looking up at him, "I've been the one sending you the packages every month." Remus closed the space that was between them and pulled her into a hug, "I thought so," he whispered into her ear as he held her close, "Thank-you." He slightly pulled away from her, his lips inches from hers. She didn't expect it, but her heart skipped beats as he pushed his lips gently on hers. Her eyes fluttered and closed as she savored the moment, and her knees threatened to give out on her. It was almost like any muggle chick flick movie, when the boy kisses the girl. However, they were soon interrupted when the door flung open and cat calls and hoots could be heard filling the room. The rest of the group had witnessed the moment. "'Bout time!" James smirked. Nevertheless, the moment didn't last long as the light of the full moon had snuck up on them and was casting over the new couple. Remus' eyes were already changing when Alannis took hold of what was going on, and he started transforming before their eyes as he howled in pain. She turned and wrapped her arms around him, and looked at the rest. "I'll give you three time to transform," she yelled at them, then turned back to Remus, "I love you," she whispered closing her eyes, as he grew before her into the werewolf who wouldn't even know who she was. The rest of the Marauders had transformed into their Animagus forms just in time, as Remus had transformed into the werewolf. Alannis took a step back as the werewolf whimpered looking at her. She took a breath and started her Animagus form, but she wasn't quick enough. Just as she transformed the werewolf swung connecting with her, sending her flying to the other end of the room against the wall. Sirius in his Animagus dog form ran over and stood over top of her as James distracted the werewolf out of the room. If nothing else it was going to be a very long night of cat and mouse with the werewolf. The next morning, being Saturday there was no classes; something the group was thankful for. Alannis had found out that Remus was still in his dormitory when she had met the rest of the group down in the common area. So, taking a chance, she made her way up to the boys' dormitory to see how Remus was doing. Holding her side, she knocked on the door, as she entered the room. "Remus?" She softly called out as she slowly stepped inside. She noticed right away that he was sitting on his bed, looking like he had gone through hell. In all technicalities, he did. She gave him a soft smile as she closed the door. "I'm sorry about what happened," He said setting the book he was reading down. She walked over and sat down on the bed beside him, "It wasn't you. And besides, it's only a few bruised ribs," she said with a slight laugh, "They'll heal. How are you feeling?" "I'll be okay," he answered softly and turned looking at her, "I heard what you said last night before I fully turned." Alannis blushed, she couldn't believe it. It wasn't the first time she had said those words to him while he was transforming, but it was the first time he had ever said anything about it. She was speechless and the only thing she could think of was to cover her face. Remus repositioned himself so that he was fully facing her. Reaching out he pulled her hands away from her face and held them in his own. The next thing she knew was he was pressing his lips to hers in a soft kiss. When he pulled away he brushed a few stray strands of hair away from her face. "I love you too." The End A/N: Want to do a shoutout to drwatsonn for being my beta on this. I know this is my first Harry Potter fic, and I do hope that you enjoyed this. Cheers!