Firstly I will have the six of you line up in the corridor, when one of you accumulates 15 students you will unlock the fat lady. I personally will tell her not to allow any students to leave until one of you four; my prefects, says a password of 'alumni tutum'. You are only to leave until you have the designated amount of students you are to conduct. I as head girl will use my wand and a spell I have been taught to announce on hidden speakers that the students need to conduct themselves to 15 students per prefect. As we don't know what state of urgency we are under DO NOT lose track of any students. Your job is to protect and deliver, now let us go!" The 6 Gryffindor prefects and two head prefects arrived safely in the great hall with their students. A lot of the younger students seemed really off but the older students did well hiding their concern. As the other houses started piling in the headmistress seen the last prefect from Hufflepuff enter and she began with her speech. "Hogwarts has had 26 consecutive years of peace. Last night this peace was broken when four students went into the Forbidden Forest… One of these students was killed, another is missing and the last two are in the hospital wing. This isn't the first time that Hogwarts has had a student killed. Although in these dire situations I have brought it upon myself to come up with a new protocol. We are evacuating the school under the impression that there is an army being form. We gain our intelligence from the conscious girl who arrived to us and told us Finire Greyback had one message: 'When the night is cold and the moon is high we will attack." This made the student body erupt with panicked chatter. "ENOUGH!" Yelled professor Mcgonagall and a brisk hush fell over the crowd. "Since it is a full moon tonight the prefects will be instructed to get their houses to safety while the teachers begin casting protection spells. Now with a couple words from The Head of the Augury, Potter if you will." Mcgonagall handed over the podium to a short black haired man with glasses and a scar. "Alright, so to begin this is war, plain and simple. We at the Augury have information that the giants, the trolls and the werewolves are all in cohorts. This means the remaining students will be evacuated to Drumstang Academy where it is the safest. We have talked to Headmaster Krum and he has agreed to let the younger students participate in the rest of the year. The older students will be sent to the Beuxbatons Academy which is closer. Although we implore you to 7th years to make a decision to put your name in for drafting. I must let you know that even if you don't put your name in you might not be spared because tonight the ministry is doing a random selection of people 17 and older." Harry stepped down from the podium. Hermione Granger arrived in the room through one of the doors closest to the front where the professors and older people are. She approached the stands and a flash of light came out of nowhere blinded her. In the front of the Hufflepuff table everyone looked to see Rita Skeeter and her lacky in the full Hufflepuff regalia. With the note that she was spotted Aurgus Filch started running towards her with high knees. "Oops must be off now" she chimes as she ran away from the elderly squib. Some of the students laughed but Hermione Rolled her eyes and cleared her throat. "Alright students 17 and over I have a volunteer list..." with that a list on a stand appeared before the podium. "To put forth your name for drafting you must first do three tasks "with that the sorting hat all but shouted "Pay me the proof of your pain." There was a brief silence and then it continued "Pay me the proof of your labours." And then the crowd started to catch on to the reference when it said the last command "Pay me the treasure of your past." Rose's heart skipped a beat as she seen none other than her newly appointed boyfriend Scorpius step up and put a tear drop, a drop of sweat and a memory onto the paper. And not far behind him was her cousin Albus who got wary eye's from his dad. Her heart sank into her stomach and she couldn't help but feel helpless and spit full that she was finally happy and some stupid war had to go and ruin it. It didn't take long before it was the Gryffindor tables turn to get tributes. Rose was the first to stand up and it didn't go un-noticed either. She walked by students who were whispering about 'The Ministers daughter volunteering.' She held her chin higher and allowed herself one look in the direction of the Slytherin table. When she met a gaze with Scorpius she got a shiver down her spine because he had a disappointed look in his eyes. She placed the three ingredients onto the paper and her name etched itself in gold before turning to normal black ink. Her mother watched her idly taking note of the diamond ring she wore on the other hand. Rose bent down and signed her name with a flash of light illuminated her name and she took one last look at her mother who had a tear roll down her eye. She grabbed a vile from her coat and stored that tear in it. She will then take the memory back to her pensive tonight and wallow in her own sorrow. Rose knew that this was a new chapter and nothing will be the same for the three of them but she felt solace in knowing that she didn't cower away from danger.