but he wouldn't get in trouble for returning from a detention. And it was peaceful in the empty hallways, with evenly spaced torches and shards of moonlight poking through the glass windows providing dim illumination. He paused in front of a portrait of a long-dead family member. One of the first Potters to go to Hogwarts. The occupant of the portrait was sleeping, unaware of his descendant standing below him. James stared at the portrait a moment longer, and then moved on as he heard two voices nearby. Probably Prefects. He paused again at the end of a corridor, waiting for a particularly slow set of stairs to swing his way. The voices had caught up. "Stop!" James sighed and turned around, his solitude broken. Remus...and Evans. He smirked. "Evening, Moony. Evans." "Potter, do you know what curfew means?" Lily asked. "Haven't a clue," he replied urbanely. The redhead girl ignored his remark. "Why are you out?" "Simply returning from your detention," he said, spreading his hands wide. "Filch had me on the other side of the school." "Detention would've finished two hours ago," she said, suspicion in her face. "You've never had a detention, have you, Evans?" "No," she said, puzzled by his question. "Then you've certainly never had a detention with Filch." "And?" "A good detention with Filch is one where he lets you go before midnight," Remus explained. "But detention's only meant to last until half nine!" "Filch can't read a clock," James replied dryly. "Oh! Um, I'll talk to McGonagall about it," Lily offered. "Don't bother, Evans. See you later, Moony." The jet-black haired boy sauntered off. Lily and Remus watched him disappear into the darkness. "If he takes one for the house, Lily, at least book him in with Hagrid next time," advised Remus. "Serves him right for pranking the Ravenclaws." Remus sighed. "Lily, I was in on the prank. So were Peter and Sirius. You can't put all your blame on James. And not one of us expected you to be sitting at the Ravenclaw table." "Yeah, I guess." She couldn't argue with Remus' logic. Besides, James had served his due. They continued walking, before she broke the silence. "How'd you do it?" Remus grinned. "Trade secret." "Aw, can't let me in on a Marauders scheme?" she teased. "It was fairly basic. I'm sure you can guess." "Blasting Charm?" Lily asked. Remus made a face. "No, too obvious. And too clumsy. You're better than that. A potion," she said, before amending - "a pressurised potion." "Very good," Remus affirmed. "But the real question is -" Lily continued. "- how did we get in in the pumpkin juice?" Remus interjected. "Yeah." Remus gave a grin. "Now that is a secret." "Joshua Fenwick wants Butterbeer and Firewhiskey for a Hufflepuff party," said Peter, reading a scrawled message from a tawny owl that had flown to their dormitory. It was the following evening, and the four Marauders were relaxing in their dorm. "We're low on Firewhiskey. Write back and tell him he'll have to stick with the rum," said Sirius. "He won't want to pay the same," Peter replied. "We'll give him an extra bottle. Tell him it's for being a loyal customer," James added, looking over from his bed, where he was lazily tossing a Snitch from one hand to the other. "I don't see how he can be anything but loyal. We're the only ones trafficking in the school," said Remus. "It's a gesture of good faith. We can always get extra over the weekend," James said. "Agreed?" "Aye," Sirius replied. "Agreed," Remus said. Peter gave a nod, and after scribbling a reply, sent the owl on its way. To think that their transformations had been so difficult only a year ago. Now, they transformed with ease. It had become all too easy. The rat would scurry beneath the thrashing branches of the Whomping Willow, to freeze the enchanted tree, and James and Sirius - hidden from all by the Invisibility Cloak - would duck into the hidden tunnel to the Shrieking Shack, to where Albus Dumbledore hid one of his many secrets: a student gifted with a terrible power. So they found themselves. The stag cantered through the Forbidden Forest, with the rat clinging to its back, as the great black dog roamed up ahead, accompanied by a werewolf scavenging through the undergrowth. The brilliant light of the full moon filtered through the high canopy of trees as the peculiar group went about their nighttime adventure. Two days had passed since the full moon. Remus had left the Hospital Wing that morning, and the Marauders had taken to the rooftop of Gryffindor Tower as the night grew dark. Gentle Cushioning and Sticking Charms made the rooftop hospitable, and their black robes blended them into the slate tiles. The rooftop visits had become something of a custom following a full moon outing, and tonight was no different. Between them they passed a cigar, each lost to their own contemplations. The night was dark, but not so much that the lake and the mountains around the castle did not form an impressive vista. Adventure, violence, sex, and alcohol. They were insatiable hungers for the teenage boys, and bonded the four like brothers. Their reckless pursuit of each made them who they were: the Marauders. But it was not lost upon each of them, as they sat there, that one day soon these nights would come to an end. "I'll miss this, once we leave," said Sirius, breaking the silence after a fashion. "We can always come back," Peter replied. "We've got the rest of our lives mate," James added. They lapsed into silence again, reassured by James' words. "What do you think, Moony?" asked Sirius, after a puff on the cigar. "I'll still expect you lot at the Shrieking Shack when I'm ninety," the werewolf offered with a smirk. A/N: And that's the first chapter. Please take a moment to let me know what you think.