doesn't strike me as the type." "I'll bet against Potter, then," Severus snarled. "As he doesn't strike me as an alpha, either." He only said it to spite her—the truth was that he did think Potter would present as an alpha, if for no other reason than he seemed to be a carbon copy of his father. Still, it was worth it to see the smug grin slide from Minerva's face. Batty, horrid old woman. "Well that makes things more interesting," Pomona said happily, taking note of these additions as Minerva and Severus glowered at each other. "Are we done, now, children?" Filius interrupted, glancing back and forth between the two of them. "Is amateur hour over…? Good." He looked at Pomona, who held her quill at the ready. "For omegas, put me down for a galleon each on Fay Dunbar, Daphne Greengrass, and Su Li. For alphas… I'll put one galleon on both Malfoy and Potter, as well as fifteen sickles apiece on Blaise Zabini, Theodore Nott, Michael Corner, Alexander Blackthorn, and…" he paused, tapping his chin with his wand thoughtfully. "Ten sickles on Longbottom," he concluded. " Longbottom!" Shockingly, both Severus and Minerva said it at the same time, with the exact same inflection. Pomona laughed merrily as she recorded all Filius's bets. "You think Neville Longbottom will present as an alpha?" Severus sneered, smirking at how Minerva now flushed, embarrassed at her outburst against one of her own students. "I think Neville Longbottom will surprise us all," Filius said, nodding. Filius Flitwick certainly did not mess around when it came to gambling. The small alpha wizard did have an uncanny ability to predict who would present as what—Severus was suspicious that being part-goblin may have had something to do with it, but would never be stupid enough to say such a thing out loud. "Right, then," Pomona said, holding her quill aloft. "Any other wagers?" A pause. "…Put me down for five sickles on Millicent Bullstrode," Filius said quietly, looking deeply contemplative. "…as an alpha female." "Oh!" Pomona's eyes widened with surprise. "Well, I'll give you excellent odds on that … A delta? Really?" "Yes," Filius agreed. "Since Miss Granger brought it up, I kind of got a feeling. I think we'll have an upset in this year." " Wonderful," Snape drawled. "Just what we need." He then turned to leave, gesturing lazily as he went, his cloak billowing behind him. "Have a lovely evening, professors." Severus strode from the room, feeling confident that he would at least break even in a few years' time, when this group all presented. Last year he'd lost twelve sickles, which was a shame, because he'd been consistently in the black for years before that, if only just barely. Oh well , he thought as he made his way down to his office, where he still had work to do before the evening came to an end. At least my house still holds the Quidditch cup. The thought did little to make Severus feel better. This group of first-years had only been around for a little over a week, and he already detested the majority of them. Just yesterday, Potter had been made Seeker for the Gryffindor team out of what Severus liked to think was desperation on Minerva's part, but which he feared was not the case. Potter was probably decent on a broom… just like his arrogant, idiotic father. Severus arrived in his office and closed the door, looking up at the silver trophy and seeing his distorted, unhappy reflection there. He grimaced, an unflattering expression. It was an upsetting year already. All right, so, I know what some of you are probably thinking. Pen, what are you doing, starting another fic? Do you ever sleep, Pen? Don't worry about that. So. This is my take on an A/B/O fic, and I decided to write this as the opening chapter because I wanted to do what I, personally, have never come across in a A/B/O fic before (which isn't to say this doesn't already exist, I'm sure many do – I just looked through some A/B/O dynamic fics recently)… and try and explain why witches and wizards would have similar mating cycles as cats. Or wolves. Or whatever. A difficult task, really. My goal with this fic is to not sort of drop the idea of A/B?O dynamics onto a story without reason (unless one counts smut as the reason – of which there will be some in this fic, eventually, so be prepared for that); I personally had to google what the hell A/B/O WAS before I could ever read a fic about it, myself. Hopefully, if you've never heard of this concept before, it made some slight amount of sense to you. You might still want to google it anyway, though – fascinating stuff. Fandoms are crazy. (why Snape's point of view for this chapter? No reason other than I just needed that in my life. It'll mostly, if not all, be from Harry's from next chapter on) Anyway, the A/B/O dynamics of this story will become a large part of the plot, but seeing as I'm making it so that these kiddos don't 'present' until they're a bit older, I'll be skipping a few years. Next chapter will pick up at summer before fifth year, where, up to that point, pretty much everything remains the same. Harry was unpresented throughout the Triwizard Tournament and in the graveyard scene, and the only major thing that I'm doing away with entirely was any attraction Harry had towards Cho. Just. Forget about that whole thing. Never happened. He went with Parvarti just as he did before – desperation for a date. I'll explain more as time goes on, as this is obviously a different world than canon, so SOME things would have happened differently… but yeah. Up till fifth year, mostly the same. I'm kind of nervous about this and would love to hear your thoughts! All my love~