we'll charge towards those guys and distract them while Lydjah goes through the gap in the fence. Once we see she's out of the field we'll fall back and regroup behind the den again, yeah?" Looking at him now, Sam could see so much of Harry in him. It was obvious that James was destined to be an Auror, just as it was obvious that Albus was destined to play professional Quidditch and Fred and Roxanne were going to run their dad and uncle's joke shop. Sam just hoped that she'd be fighting just as faithfully alongside him then as she was now, whatever he ended up being. She wouldn't, but again, that's neither here nor there. "Three, two, one, CHARGE!" For the entire charge Lydjah couldn't really remember anything but the euphoric adrenaline pumping through her veins, the excited giggles spewing from her mouth and vibrating through her skin and the greenness of the grass. Then she was through the fence and jogging swiftly towards the house, throwing her slightly damp hair over one shoulder. Victoire and Teddy were sat two metres away from each other in the lounge, pained looks on their faces as the other adults separated them and laughed at Bill's stony face. Lydjah gathered it had something to do with the plan James had mentioned in one of his letters; Victoire meant to go with Teddy on his next tour of the world that started in September; he'd done Europe so now they were going to Asia. Needless to say, Bill wasn't very keen on the idea though the rest of their family were wearing him down. She smiled at them all as she passed, which they returned, before disappearing up the stairs. She wandered around for a while, feeling rather intrusive and not wanting to just burst into someone's bedroom. Why had she volunteered for this in the first place? It wasn't until she reached James' room, obvious from the sheer number of Quidditch posters and red and gold bedcovers (Albus' room was dark green, not that you could see it well as his walls were covered in photos), that she finally found Fred Weasley. The first thing she noticed was that Fred was very ginger. Of course, this was obvious as he was a Weasley and the colour was so glaringly bright that no-one could ever forget this fact. The second, apart from noting various other Weasley traits; the freckles and the slightly longer-than-perfect nose, was that he was strung upside down by the Levicorpus spell. She made a move to get her wand out to help him, only to realise he had his own in his front pocket, and she was sure he was perfectly capable of undoing the not-quite-second-years-yet's magic. So why hadn't he? "Oh hey; Lydjah right?" He grinned widely at her and she found herself smiling back. His cheeks had heated a little, not that Lydjah noticed as his whole face was rather red from being upside-down for so long. "Yeah… Why haven't you let yourself down?" In response, Fred waved his left hand slightly. He was holding a rather large cream pie, or rather half of one. "If I let myself down I'd have to take a break from eating this. One does not easily give up my dad's cooking." It was after he uttered this sentence that Lydjah had the strangest sense of Deja vu (and she would know) as if she was trying to see a vision of herself, but couldn't quite manage it. Her stomach flipped over, her eyes fluttered and she gave an involuntary snort that she tried to cover with one hand. "Did the other team give you that so you wouldn't join in the second water-fight?" He somehow managed to shrug, though the gesture was very strange. "Suppose so. Guess it worked." Lydjah couldn't help herself; she burst out laughing. He grinned again with pride, glad to have made her laugh. "Would you like a hand down?" She finally choked out. He shook his head. "I got this." He took out his wand with his free hand, the pie balancing precariously in the other, and flicked it quickly, managing to roll slightly as he fell so he landed on his arse instead of his head, the pie completely intact. He took another bite as he jumped to his feet, causing a bit of cream to smear across his face. Lydjah wondered vaguely what he'd do if she reached to wipe it off with her thumb, before he solved her problem for her by licking it off. "You're a Halfblood right?" "Yes?" "Well it's just there's something wrong with my phone, and I think you might be able to fix it." He brought out an old windows phone, but apart from its age it looked perfectly serviceable to Lydjah's rather limited knowledge. "What's wrong with it?" "It doesn't have your number." Fred held the phone out to her, an offer. She blinked, a little stunned at the smoothness of that pick-up line before numbly reaching out and making a new contact on his phone. She handed it back, raising her eyebrows. "You barely know me." She accused softly, real confusion behind her statement. Fred grinned widely again. "Saw you dancing at Blackwood's party and I've wanted to ask you out since then; a girl who can hold that much alcohol and still dance and speak coherently is pretty much perfect in my book." Lydjah laughed and blushed in equal parts. "My one and only skill I assure you." "I highly doubt that." He quipped lightly. "You coming?" "Where?" She asked, bewildered (but not in any way upset) about the entire meeting. "Back to the water-fight of course; I can't let down James; he'd never let me hear the end of it. The food thing stays between us yeah?" Lydjah smiled mischievously. "Can't make me." With that she took off, ignoring Fred's protests of it being unfair because he couldn't run with a pie.