he had been so shocked. Harry James Potter. Severus had found him, all right. Well, really, what had he expected to find? The boy sleeping comfortably on his bed from the Gryffindor common room? Lying curled up in a sleeping bag on the icy ground, perhaps? He had, evidently, not expected to find Harry Potter lying in what appeared to be a transparent, glass coffin, hovering just below his waist. His body covered in countless, nearly invisible, glistening threads that connected with the clear walls…Like filaments made of diamonds, reflecting the light in a rather bizarre yet oddly beautiful way… Completely naked. And awake. Awake. '…Safe and sound… He sleeps…' Hadn't that been what the foul woman had said? Wasn't he supposed to be asleep? He clearly wasn't. His eyes were open, wide and staring right at him, though as he stared back into them he noticed that they were…unfocused… Lily's eyes... The glasses were gone. The startling eyes were unobscured, and the familiar green irises struck him like lightning. His heart gave a horrible, wrenching throb. He felt bile rising in the back of his throat. Harry slowly blinked. It was only then that Severus realized that his gaze was absolutely vacant. Hollow. When he shifted slightly to one side, those deadened eyes did not follow him. They continued to stare into empty space, as though fixated on something far in the distance which only he could see. Snape felt as though the very air had been stolen from his lungs. How long had he been awake? The mark on his arm gave a sudden, painful throb. "Shit." Two swear words in such quick succession, this truly was a monumental day. Severus shoved the invisibility cloak into an interior pocket in one of his many layers. The adrenaline continued to rush through his entire body. If the pain on his forearm was any indication, the Dark Lord was on to him. Perhaps he had felt the wards being dismantled, even while asleep… Would he deduce with certainty that it was, he, Severus, who had done the dismantling? Snape dearly hoped not. But he pushed the thought of that very unwelcome, very likely outcome aside, focusing instead on the broken boy before him and his terrible containment. He ran his fingers along the surface. It was surprisingly warm. Based on the many enchantments that he could feel embedded within the vessel, it was clear that this—this box—was never meant to be opened. It was intended to be permanent enclosure. Severus wet his lips. This was going to be…this was going to be difficult. He conjured up several balls of bluebell flames to surround him. There was no point in being miserably cold while he worked, at least, not anymore. He then placed both of his hands on the top of the coffin, his wand still intertwined between his fingers, closed his eyes, and began to pull at the enchantments, prying them apart… The mark on his arm was burning lightly, a continuous, though still slight, pain… After a few tortuously long minutes, he had removed all of protective spells which prevented the case from being unbreakable. There were other curses present there, too, but nothing damning… His arm gave a particularly painful throb, and Snape grit his teeth. There was no time to go about this gently. He looked down at the vacant gaze of Harry Potter, feeling almost guilty for what he was about to do. He pulled the topmost layer of his monumental ensemble off of his back. The container was obviously filled with warm, comfortable air. But even with the bluebell flames dancing around them, which made the immediate area at least somewhat tolerable, nothing, nothing would be able to prepare the boy for this cold. Another painful rush from his mark. Snape quit deliberating. He raised his wand, pointing it directly at the coffin— " Frangere ." The effect was immediate. Harry was instantly snapped out of whatever trance-like state he had been in. He inhaled a sharp, audibly painful breath, he body instantly convulsing, going into shock— Snape descended on him at once, wrapping his naked body in the heavy black cloak. The boy trembled violently as the dazzling, magical threads that had been attached to him vanished. His whole body was shaking, and, as Snape gathered him up, he clung to his chest fiercely, desperately, as though his very life depended on it. Which it did, of course. Severus wasted no time. He held the quaking boy in his arms like a (very distraught, very unhappy) bride, and took to the air. The bluebell flames followed suit, encircling them like a glowing, fiery guard. Flying. Another skill taught to him by the Dark Lord himself. An ability which he really underutilized, he realized suddenly. Once he was a sufficient distance up in the sky, high above the white, barren landscape, Snape pointed his wand towards the ground. Directly at the newly shattered, glass coffin. The jet of flames which erupted was spectacular. It was small, at first. But fiendfyre takes very little time to get out of hand, especially with sufficient fuel—which Severus provided in earnest, as he conjured up various, random objects (mostly furniture—his creativity was lacking at the moment), and sent them crashing down into the abyss. Fiery beasts began to take form, snatching viciously at the fodder he provided them… Flames became serpents and dragons and all sorts of other monstrosities, and an untamable sea of flames was rapidly consuming a vast stretch of land. The heat rose up to meet them, and though the air around them was now rather warm, Harry continued to shake in his grasp… Snape gave the tumultuous flames one last scrutinizing examination. He congratulated himself again. Honestly, from a strictly professional and critical standpoint, this was a deeply impressive firestorm he had created. And it was still growing. Feeling satisfied with his handiwork, Severus gripped the traumatized boy more tightly to his chest, and disapparated.