his façade of cool, calm and collected, but the Potter heir just made him so angry. Even being in the same room as the boy made him want to instinctively send curses and jinxes in the messy haired boy's direction. James didn't even have to speak – as soon as he caught sight of the brat's birds-nest that he called hair, Severus was an uncontrollable mass of rage. How dare Potter accuse him of taking the matter of someone's life lightly, when he and his little marauder friends had been the ones to destroy his? "You and your little marauder buddies have made my life a living hell since I came to Hogwarts. Do you seriously believe I actually care whether you live or die?" He shouted back. He pulled the boy forwards by the collar of his robes threateningly, unheeding the cough of protest from Dumbledore. The next thing he said was a whisper, directly into James face, making sure to pronounce every word so that the Gryffindor's face was sprayed with little bits of saliva as he talked. "To me, this is nothing but a business deal, do you understand?" James gulped again, and nodded. Snape didn't miss him trying to stop himself from shivering. James was definitely scared, but then again, who wouldn't be if their life was in danger? He gripped a little tighter when Potter didn't verbally respond, until the Gryffindor – courage obviously failing him – averted his eyes and mumbled that he did. "W-What if you forget to give me an order?" He asked quietly, not daring to look up. Severus roughly let go of his captive and watched as James stumbled to right his balance. "I won't. I may choose not to, but I won't forget." He spoke calmly, running a hand through his own hair in a very James like fashion. It was greasy again, thanks to the fumes from the potions he had been working on. "If I choose not to then that's my decision and you'll still get your potion." He added, spitting out the word potion as if it pained him to say it. James had no doubt he'd only swapped from his careful choice of saying 'Elixir' because 'Potion' was easier to say in an intimidating way. James also couldn't deny that it had worked. The Gryffindor nodded again as Severus left the room as if the matter was closed. In James' mind the matter was not closed – it was very far from closed – but he had no wish to anger the Slytherin further, especially knowing that Severus had his life hanging on a thread. He turned to leave as well, but stopped at Dumbledore's next words. "Don't test him Mr. Potter, and please try to get your deal written down on paper. Make this official." James gave a nervous laugh. "He wouldn't actually let me die would he?" He asked, but he knew as he said it that the snake would. Dumbledore looked grim. "Make this official and probably not." he sighed, eyes drifting over James shoulder as if he was watching a movie that was invisible and silent to the rest of the world. "Do you remember Alex Kemp?" He asked, his voice filled with regret. James thought about it, and then; "That Slytherin that disappeared a few years ago?" Dumbledore nodded. "He also suffered from Cinis. Severus struck up a deal and began making the Elixir for him." He explained, and in that moment he looked impossibly old. "Not long after they struck up the deal Severus found out that Alex had joined Voldemort's ranks… He simply stopped making the potion." James eyes widened, even as a shiver ran though him at the sound of His name. It was stupid he knew, but the name was cursed. "Couldn't he get done for that?" he asked "It's basically murder!" he continued to protest. He felt a rush of understanding for the Slytherin he had never actually met. They were inexorably linked through their illness, and the fact that Severus had agreed to become their savior – even if only briefly. Dumbledore shook his head. "The deal was never made official, therefore Severus never had to make the potion to begin with. He wasn't murdering him, he just wasn't helping him." he looked straight into James eyes, and the Gryffindor got the distinct impression he'd just had his mind read. Dumbledore would know just how scared James actually was, no matter how much he protested. "Which is why I urge you to get this down on paper. Make this official. I couldn't say anything before, while Severus was here, because the boy doesn't trust me. But any way you can, please try and get written confirmation." James felt faintly sick. He never thought Snape would just let someone die - even if that someone was a death eater. Besides, the way Snape acted James thought Snape would end up on You-Know-Who's side anyway. He shivered and left the room without another look back; making his way up to Gryffindor tower deep in thought. When he made it to the dormitory he saw the other marauders had waited up for him. "So, what did the old coot want?" asked Sirius from his spot on Remus' bed, where the two were playing a game of Wizards chess that Sirius was losing badly. The Black heir looked down at his pieces, where one of Remus' knights was beating the daylights out of his castle, and let out a puff of air in dismay. "Cuddle-pops, why do you do this to me?" He asked the Werewolf. Remus simply rolled his eyes, and then all eyes were back on James. The boy in question snapped out of his thoughts. "Oh… he, um… he just doesn't want any more fights between us and Snivellus this year. He's really gunna be cracking down on it." He lied easily. Sirius frowned. "Oh, well that sucks." "Yeah." said James, "Tell me about it."