had faded, leaving the night air outside stagnant and cold. The Dark Lord smirked when Harry shivered. "I've brought you a gift." He lifted one hand, his long fingers covered in black, leather gloves. A sphere appeared there, an orb made of crystal. Harry stared at it in shock. "What is it?" "It's a crystal… A Remembrall, to be precise," the King answered, turning it slightly. It shimmered with an unnatural light. "Sometimes, they help you remember… Sometimes, they help you forget. In this case, it can help you to acquire your dreams …" He looked down at Harry, eyes smoldering, and when had he gotten so close? "Do you want it?" the Dark Lord asked softly, holding it under Harry's face so that he could peer beyond its reflective surface. Harry saw. He saw a world where he was not despised by his aunt and uncle for being the acquired burden they had never wanted, so many years ago; he saw a life where he had never known emotional and physical abuse. He saw a home he'd never known with parents he'd never met, where he slept in a room painted red and gold—not in a small, dismal cupboard under the stairs. He saw himself not being ruthlessly taunted at school for being different, but surrounded by a group of people who he somehow knew were meant to be his dearest friends. Harry saw happiness. He did want it. "…Then forget the baby." Harry looked up, snapped out of the alluring daydream. "I can't," he said adamantly. "I appreciate what you're doing, but… I want my cousin back. He's innocent, and he… he must be so scared." "Harry." The Immortal King's voice became sharp and cold. He lifted the sphere, and Harry watched as, right before his eyes, it turned into a black, writhing serpent. The Dark Lord held it with both hands as he stretched its serpentine body out like an animate, scaly chain. He glanced back at Harry, and his eyes flashed red. " Don't oppose me." Without warning, he thrust the snake at Harry's neck. It wrapped around his throat, hissing angrily, vicious— " Don't hurt me!" Harry screamed as he tried to pull the thing off him in fright. The serpent vanished as quickly as it had come. Harry gasped as, rather than an angry snake being wrapped around him, he was suddenly ensnared by He Who Must Not Be Named himself, his jaw held tightly in his hand, his face an inch from Harry's own. The King's eyes were once more a dark and mysterious black. "What did you just say?" he whispered, and though his face was blank, Harry was more afraid of him now than ever. His skin broke out into goosebumps. It took Harry a long time before he could form words again; the King's stare was petrifying with its intensity. "D-don't hurt me," Harry stuttered out. Then, to clarify: "…I said don't hurt me." The Dark Lord continued to stare at him for what felt like an eternity. There was a hungry glint in those midnight irises that was disquieting. Then, finally, the Dark Lord smiled again, though it did not reach his eyes. "Fascinating," he murmured, letting go of Harry's chin. "… But still. You're no match for me, Harry." Harry scowled; when had he ever said that he was? "I have to have my cousin back," he pleaded. The King shrugged half-heartedly and stepped aside. "He's there," he said, pointing towards the window. "In my castle." Harry approached the window, and there was a fantasy stretched before him. A huge, black castle in the distance, where just moments before there had been nothing but streets and houses. It was surrounded by a maze so vast and great that Harry felt lost just looking at it. The King laughed at his stunned expression. "Do you still want to look for him? Harry was amazed at he examined the landscape of an orange sky and sandy ground. This, here, was the fairy tale come to life. "Is that… Is that the castle? Hogwarts? The enchanted one, at the center of the labyrinth, from the story…" When he turned to face the Dark Lord again, it was to see that the entire room had vanished. They were alone in a desolate desert on the outside of the maze's many walls. "Turn back, Harry," the King said, though there was a hint of sarcasm in his voice—clearly, both he and Harry knew that the decision had already been made. "Turn back, before it's too late." "I can't," Harry lamented, shaking his head. "Don't you understand that I can't?" He faced the maze again. "What a pity," the King replied darkly. Harry ignored him, bolstering a courage within him which he had never known existed before. "It doesn't look that far," he commented, as though he were convincing himself. "It's further than you think." Harry jumped; the King was suddenly right behind him, speaking into his ear over his shoulder. "And time is short." The Dark Lord lifted both his arms, and between his hands appeared a large, gleaming hourglass adorned in silver snakes. The bottom half was filled with thousands of tiny, emerald spheres rather than sand. "You have thirteen hours in which to solve the labyrinth, before your infant cousin becomes one of mine…" he said, and as he spoke the hourglass twisted in midair, turning over so that the emeralds began to flow downwards. "…forever." Then he stepped away, the hourglass remaining where he'd left it, hovering in midair. He slowly vanished as he walked backwards, his eyes glittering dangerously—his smile, a taunt. His final words echoed in Harry's mind long after he completely disappeared. " Such a pity." 1. Yes, this is a labyrinth AU. 2. No, you do not need to have seen the Labyrinth or even know what it is to get this story, really, though it will make it more enjoyable. 3. Things will get twisted.