come from. He knew at once who it was, even when he was doing an admittedly decent impersonation of Headmaster Dippet. Malfoy. He smirked at Harry, his silver eyes glittering with mirth. "Who said that?" Dippet snapped. "Oh, it doesn't matter… Five points from Gryffindor," he sighed resignedly. The Slytherin table erupted in cheers. Harry saw Riddle giving Malfoy an approving nod, and Malfoy's chest inflated, like there was nothing better in the whole world than being vaguely praised by Tom Stupid Riddle. Harry fell back into his seat with his back to them. "I know how upsetting this must be for some of you to hear," Dippet continued, "but it was a decision which the Ministry of Magic required, otherwise we would not be able to host the Tournament at all. However, I can guarantee that just watching the tournament is just as, if not even more exciting than trying to participate. Cheering on your school Champion is a joy! And meeting students from different background and creating ties with witches and wizards from other countries is the real goal, here. There are many other details which I would love to indulge you in right now, but I cannot! The hour is late, and you all have classes in the morning. Details concerning the Triwizard Tournament shall be posted in your Common Rooms soon. Prefects, please show your new students to their dorms. Head Boy, Head Girl—up here, with me, if you please. Now, I bid you all a good night, and a wonderful term!" Dippet threw his arms up in the air, and the teachers and students all stood. The call of 'First years! First years to me!' ran throughout the hall, and Harry had to resist the urge to watch his sister being herded with the rest of the newly born, slimy Slytherins. Instead, his eyes fell on Tom Riddle and—ugh, of course —Bellatrix Black, two seventh year students who had the prestigious Head Boy and Head Girl badges pinned to their robes. To be fair, they seemed to attract the attention of almost everyone else in the Hall, too—they looked so ridiculously regal as they walked next to each other, like they were the literal King and Queen of Hogwarts. Riddle flashed Harry another quick, dazzling smile. Harry hated him. "C'mon, Harry," Ron said, grabbing him by the elbow and dragging him towards the stairs. "Triwizard Tournament!" Hermione gushed, too excited by this announcement to acknowledge Harry's inner turmoil. "Can you believe it? Durmstrang Institute, I know I've read about it, but I've no idea what it's like or where it is—and Beauxbatons, that's in France, I would imagine?" "Who cares?" Harry spat sourly. "We can't even enter!" "Wonder who the 'impartial judge is, though," Ron said. "Exactly what we were wondering, dear brother." Fred and George appeared at their sides, and the look on their face was one Harry knew well: Up To No Good. "We've already begun plotting, in fact," George said. "We're only going to be a few months away from seventeen, in November… Can't be too hard to fool someone, can it?" Hermione pursed her lips, looking very badly like she wanted to say something but wisely choosing not to. "Will you let us know if you figure something out?" Ron asked, hopeful. To that, the twins just laughed, walking ahead of them and turning a corner…in the opposite direction of the common room, oddly enough. "Do they ever just… not? " Hermione asked weakly. "Nope." Harry wished he could have found Ron's morbid answer funny, but he didn't. His sister was a Slytherin, Riddle had welcomed her in with open arms, Snape seemed to approve, there would be no Quidditch, and he was too young to even try entering into the excitement that would replace it. "This year," Harry declared, "is going to suck ." …This story. Sure, it's an AU where I basically just shove all of my favorite people into Hogwarts at the same time, because why not. I am most certainly writing this with Hauntingly in mind (in fact, if you read those stories, the description could be read as 'In a world where everyone jumped!'), but if you have not read Mine/Hauntingly, don't worry. This series (and it will be a series, a crazy long series….kill me now) stands on its own, too. That being said: This is not the angst-fest that Hauntingly was. This is a fun fic! Full of drama and action, humor and lightness! People are alive! Harry has parents! Etc, etc! You can ask questions, of course, and I will even answer them if it is something I'm not planning on explaining as the plot develops. For now, I will give you this: There has been no Wizarding War in Britain (meaning no previous Dark Lords, no Death Eaters, etc). There was almost a war, once… more on that later. Tom's soul, at the beginning of this chapter, is super intact. Harry has no scar. Hurray. If characters seem a bit OOC, it is purposeful. Some people have different pasts, such as Harry, so his mannerisms have changed accordingly. Harry, for example, grew up loved, with a family, not in a shitty cupboard with his aunt and uncle. He is James in miniature, for real. The rating is T for now, but will eventually change, more than likely. Maybe. I dunno. Okay. I think that's it, for now… Can I just mention how EXCITED I am to write Grindelwald and teenage Dumbledore, btw? And how nervous I am to write Tom Riddle, as opposed to old ass, broken, totally messed up Voldemort? Voldemort is like… my comfort zone. Tom Riddle makes me anxious. I'm sure there's a whole lot of psychoanalyzing that could go into what that means about me as a person… I'm trying not to think about that. Anyway. I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. I can already tell this story will kill me slowly. OH… The year is 1979.