When Molly received an owl from her mother asking whether or not she had made any new friends, she answered yes, but didn't go into too much detail regarding the gangly, freckled, ginger-haired Second Year who had so graciously let her sit next to him at the sorting ceremony and had continued to let her follow him around like a lost puppy since her older brother Marcus was having none of it. Doing so would have no doubt made her mother respond with false accusations that would make her blush. Newt was most certainly not her boyfriend. Likewise, she omitted all details about how frequently she found herself being picked on by the other students. Except, of course, by the gangly, freckled, ginger-haired Second Year. He was soft-spoken, which she didn't mind, and had a tendency to stammer, which she also didn't mind. Actually, she preferred it as such, since whatever he did take care to say was carefully considered. She, too, typically preferred not to say much at all, so the fact that she had made a friend with whom she had that trait in common was absolutely delightful. Finally. Had she told her mother this, she would have received a gentle coaxing to try to be a little more social, regardless of the fact that many kids often referred to her as a half-breed house elf. She brushed it off, because yes, she knew her eyes were very large and really, what could she do about it; however, just because she wasn't crying over their taunting didn't mean she was exactly clambering to sit with them during meals. Newt, on the other hand, was also kind. And while, yes, that quality could be found in loads of people at Hogwarts, nobody wore it quite the same way he did. So if he was quiet and wanted to sit silently in the library, so be it. She felt comfortable and safe, which was all that really mattered to a quiet little girl so far away from home. One afternoon, she spotted several students circling a boy in the hallway. Upon closer—and careful—inspection, she realized it was Newt. Newt, with his mop of unruly hair and big feet, hugged an armful of library books close to his chest and braced himself. "Hey!" What Molly had intended to sound forceful came out as more of a squeak, which would be reflected later on in the year when they all moved on to calling her "pipsqueak". Newt opened one eye to see where the sudden distraction had come from. "How cute. This bumbling idiot needs a little half-breed to protect him," someone snickered. His books were then abruptly knocked out of his arms before they descended on her. He jerked forward, fists clenched. He wasn't exactly sure what to do with them, but someone held him back before he could find out. "Please," he pleaded. "L-leave her alone." Just as they began to surround her, the potions master appeared from around the corner. He raised his eyebrows at the sight and the students reluctantly dispersed. "Pathetic." One of them sneered into Molly's face as he walked away, giving her a light shove. She didn't flinch. Newt looked on in admiration. After releasing the breath she'd been holding, Molly rushed to help Newt collect his things from the ground. "Are you—" She inhaled and exhaled deeply once more. "Are you alright?" "Y-yes." He answered. "Thank you." Newt looked up at his friend, wide-eyed, as his hands lingered over the pile of books. Then he smiled broadly, releasing a nervous chuckle. "That was close." He stood up, timidly offering Molly his hand. She was equally as timid in accepting it, but as she did, she smiled. "Bloody Slytherins." And just like that, the deal was sealed. Newt Scamander and Molly Caedmon became inseparable. Molly's eyes welled slightly as she stared at him, trying to gauge his sincerity. She must've known he'd meant it, but instead of responding she just shook her head and blinked rapidly. "Well, Mr. Scamander," she began, placing her hands on her hips. Newt could hear the tears stuck in her throat. "It appears that I have a flesh-eating slug infestation." "Oh?" He swallowed thickly, shifting gears to match her pace. "I don't see anything…" "Just over here." Molly marched forward down the path toward one of the greenhouses. As he followed behind, he couldn't help but think that if she turned sideways, nobody would see her. Molly had always been a thin girl, but this troubled him. He could clearly see that her illness had taken a physical toll over the years, and he wanted—needed—to know everything. He shook the thoughts out of his head. For now, the important matter at hand was the getting rid of the slugs. "Have you tried the repellent?" As the words left his mouth, he braced himself. Molly was not daft and she would most certainly let him know it. "Repellent, you say? Is there such a thing?" She playfully narrowed her eyes as she glanced back over her shoulder at him. He smiled. "Any gardener worth her salt knows how to get rid of a few pests, but it seemed to have had the reverse effect." As she spoke, she swung open the door, carefully avoiding stepping too far into the space. "And to be honest, it takes up quite a bit of energy to deal with them and I have none to spare." As Newt stood close behind her, peering through the doorway into the greenhouse, he wasn't quite sure what to say. Whether it was the effect of their close proximity or the fifty or so child-sized flesh-eating slugs hanging about, he couldn't be sure. Since he'd been in much closer proximity to much more dangerous beasts, he wagered it had to be the loose hairs from her braid tickling his chin and the way she smelled of rosemary. "Well," he began, shaking his head. "You most certainly have a problem."