his mobile. "I had to come up here to see what was going on." "Are you sure this is Mr. Zabini?" Arnie questioned suspiciously. "Yes," Draco laughed, his chest a million times lighter. "This is definitely Mr. Zabini. Absolutely." "So," Blaise gestured to the body hovering over their heads. "That supposed to be me?" Arnie flushed. "Sorry. We found an I.D. on the body." "Five weeks ago, I took the dog for a walk, and someone broke into my house, took a camera, my I.D., and a couple of galleons I had in a dish by the door." Theo shook his head, "This doesn't make much sense. Between the cryptic message, decapitation, and an ex-Auror's I.D, something doesn't feel right. I mean, clearly this guy was targeted." Draco turned to Blaise. "Theo's right. Somebody thought he was you." Blaise shrugged. "I don't know how. It doesn't say I'm an ex-Auror on the I.D., and there is nothing in the house that says I was an Auror." Draco's mind was spinning. Evidently, they were missing something. "Why would they fake your death if they knew it could be checked out so quickly?" Theo gulped. "Of course. Ex-Auror. Someone knew they would get our attention." Arnie eyed Theo. "Do you think it was to draw you guys out here?" "I'll do you one better than that," Theo murmured excitedly. "Draco, they knew Blaise was your contact, a close friend. That would specifically draw you out." "What would someone possibly want with me?" Draco wondered aloud. He knew his job had provided him with a plethora of enemies over the years; there was no doubting that. However, nothing gave his family more trouble than his public relationship with… Draco's voice hitched, "Harry." "What's wrong?" Blaise asked. "I've been fighting with Harry to abandon our tiny flat ever since I regained control of the Manor. He's been slowly moving stuff over. He brought the last of his and his son's belongings over this week," Draco said, searching his pockets for his phone. "We had been staying in the flat through the moving process, but last night was his first official night in our house. Now, on the same day we question Avery and Mulciber, this happens?" "That doesn't sound like a coincidence," Blaise said, biting his lip in concern. "Shit," Theo muttered. "This crime scene would guarantee you wouldn't go home with him. Call him. Now." "Wait. Why does that matter? What's going on?" Blaise asked, confused. Draco shuddered. "Hopefully nothing." The blond walked down the path for privacy, willing his husband to pick up his phone. Draco knew Harry always carried the stupid Muggle device wherever he went, even though he hadn't been an active Auror for a few years. Back then, he knew Harry had felt as though he had something to prove to Kingsley regarding their usefulness, to which Draco scoffed. Now that he needed him to answer the bloody thing, the man was unreachable. Harry entered the Manor, phone ringing deep within his robes. He placed his wand and keys on the mantle of the fireplace in the entrance hall. Rifling through his pockets, Harry finally answered on the last ring. "It's been less than an hour, and I already miss you," Harry hummed into the phone. "Love," Draco started, trying not to sound too alarmed. "I may be a little paranoid, but I think when you spoke to those Death Eaters, you may have been marked." "Marked?" Harry asked as he made his way to the back bedroom. Draco could tell the man wasn't entirely listening. "Followed," Draco said urgently. "I think someone used those idiots to find you. I'm not sure, but I think you should get out of the house." Harry stopped, Draco's words finally sinking in. For a moment, he panicked. "All right. I've just got to go back for my wand." "Okay," Draco said, failing to mask the fear in his voice. "Do it quickly. Stay on the line with me." His words were lost in the sound of shattering glass. "Draco, someone's in the house! They've put up anti-apparition wards." Harry whispered, his voice barely audible. "I can't get out." Draco turned to Blaise and Theo, not bothering to take the phone away from his mouth as he shouted, "Get to the Manor, now! Somebody's inside! Harry? Harry? We're coming!" Harry screamed as a stinging jinx caught him square in the chest. He ducked back into the master bedroom, fighting his body's urges to shut down. He knew he had to get to his wand, but without the ability to Apparate, he would have to go straight through his attackers, unarmed. Lying down, Harry peered through the gap between the floor and the door. He caught a glimpse of three men adorned in masks. His stomach dropped. Death Eaters. Harry put his phone back into his robes, careful not to disconnect the call. As Harry rose to his feet, a sudden rush of pain jolted throughout his body. Clutching his stomach, he knew his only option would be to wait for them to come to him. Silently, Harry glanced around the large room. He frowned; there was nowhere to hide. He knew his best chance was to wait behind the door and hope the masked men were too inept to check. "Draco," Harry stammered into his pocket. "I love you." "Haaaaarry," a voice sang out. He could hear them laughing maniacally. "We're coming to get you, Potter." All of his training couldn't prepare Harry for the blast that came through the door. Staggering, Harry lost his footing, and he dropped to the floor. His tongue was soaked in the taste of blood. Bruised and head pounding, he could just make out two of the three men entering. He grabbed the foot of the second man and pulled him into the first, causing them to topple over. "Valiant effort, Potter," the third man in black jested, pointing his wand at Harry's heart. " Crucio !"