had remained largely untouched. Now, that's strange , she thought. After Darley finished her tale of pushing her brother into a puddle of mud in Waratah, she asked her what was the matter, threatening to take the sweet for herself, if she refused. After a moment, Darley starting fiddling nervously with her wand, and answered. "I spent some time with Bry—Avery over the summer," Darley said, staring into her lap. "Avery?" replied Tannis. "The seventh year?" "That's the one," Darletta confirmed. "His mum 'n mine go back, and she had them 'round for dinner before we left… He lives just over the way. You know, I remember him from when we were little, and I hated him then. He was always telling me I looked like a stork." Tannis gave her a knowing look, green eyes darting from the pink tips of her ears to the increasingly rosy quality of her cheeks. "And what's he think now?" she asked. Darley smiled mistily, seemingly despite herself. "Differently." " Darley. " "He's charming!" Darletta insisted, swatting the brunette lightly on the leg. "It must be all that time he spends with Tom Riddle—you know what he's like. And he's tall, Tan. Do you know how hard it is for a girl like me? I'm lucky people don't spread rumors I'm half-giant." "You're too skinny to be half giant," teased Tannis. "I'd sooner believe you're part stork." " Tan ," Darletta groaned. "I'm nervous. He…he kissed me, but who knows how he'll act, once term starts? How do I know he even likes me?" "Well, did he say he did?" "He didn't say all that much, to tell the truth," Darley answered. "But he's tall, and he's a beater, so he's got those arms, and mum would just die, you know?" After a moment of quick deliberation, Tannis stood up with a smile, offering the other girl her hand. "We'll go to that Muggle shop you like so much, then. Get you something fetching. You may look like a stork most of the time, but…" Darley laughed and gave her hand a squeeze, tittering excitedly on the edge of the sill. The pasty was gone in a manner of seconds. When Tannis arrived home, it was already well after dark. Her grandfather was sat at the kitchen table, poring over a sun-bleached bit of parchment covered in runes, and pot of stew bubbled dutifully over the fire, awaiting her return. As she stepped over the threshold of the fireplace, tired and covered in soot, her grandfather looked up at her with a look that was as much a smile as it appeared he could manage. He looked older to her lately, somehow. Probably tired , she thought—this was a familiar sight to her of late, her grandfather huddled over a table of scrolls and maps, scribbling endlessly in his journal. Preparing for the trip was seemingly all he did, but that was comforting, in its own way. "How was London?" he asked. "Did you get everything? Was it enough?" Tannis produced a purple coin purse from her bag and dropped it in front of him on the tabletop. "More than," she answered with a beleaguered little smile. "There's change in there. Should I leave it for you?" He pushed the purse away. "You keep it," he replied. "A bonus, for all your help this summer; I have what I need, and then some. It'll be better off in your pocket than mine." Her smile widened a little. "Thanks, grandfather." The wizard rose from his seat. He stretched for a good long while, and she wondered how long he'd been sitting there. From inside a lopsided cabinet, he produced two wooden bowls, and ladled into them two generous portions of stew. Tannis sat, pushing aside some rolled maps and bits of parchment, and accepted the bowl with gusto, slumping into her chair. The girls had spent all their time—and most of their money—shopping for school supplies, treats, and a new shirtwaist dress for Darley at a shop called Elizabeth's in downtown London. They hadn't stopped to eat, or anything else, for that matter, and the day's excitement had worn on her. After he had sat, the old man asked, "How is Darley?" "Same as ever," Tannis replied, shoveling stew into her mouth. "She's got herself a boyfriend." "You don't say?" replied her grandfather. Tannis nodded. "It's true. Brycus Avery. Seventh year." "Avery?" the wizard asked. She wondered if he knew the name, but he said nothing of it, if he did. "What house is the boy in?" Tannis gave him a pointed look and said, "Slytherin. I don't know why she couldn't have picked some nice Ravenclaw. She's not as hardened as that lot." Tannis's grandfather paused for a moment. "You're not worried, are you?" he asked. She looked at him, not understanding. "No. Should I be?" The wizard waved his hand. "No, no. I only meant that the two of you are attached to one another like a stubborn old sticking charm. I had thought you might be nervous, now that Darley has someone new to run her mouth to." Tannis paused; she hadn't thought of that. It was true that girls had spent nearly every waking minute together since the day they met. They had shared a dormitory all five years; they had identical schedules; until very recently, they had been nearly identical people, as much as two girls could be. Would Darley really replace her with a pair of strong arms, strong Slytherin arms? Thinking on it, she wasn't sure. She had no history to look back on. "I don't know," she mused, staring into her lap. "You don't suppose I ought to be?" "Of course not," her grandfather answered. "Don't fret, Tan. Boys come and go. The only thing you ought to worry about is what terrible company she'll be until the fever breaks." "Or worse," Tannis joked, leaning back in her chair, "that she'll pass it on to me."