sat down. "Something isn't adding up here." "What are you talking about?" Michael asked as he examined his wife, he saw he lips start to move slightly and knew she was thinking hard. "Okay, Dumbledore is supposed to be watching over Harry Potter." She said after a minute of silent thinking. "But from what I just saw and you told me last night." She turned to look at Michael. "He is definitely not in a loving environment." "That's putting it lightly." Muttered Charles. "So what if Dumbledore isn't actually watching him?" Michael scratched his head as he listened to his wife's theory. "Why wouldn't he though?" Michael asked his wife, who shrugged. "I don't know but do you honestly believe Albus Dumbledore would let anything happen to Harry Potter?" Sarah asked her husband. "I mean if he showed up with so much as a scratch on him when he goes to Hogwarts the Prophet would have a field day and people would scream for even his head." "True." Michael said as he plopped down into his chair. "So maybe he's hidden the boy with his mother's family for safety, I mean there are still Death Eaters out there but none of them could search the muggle world without arousing suspicion." Sarah nodded as pieces of the puzzle began to fall into place. "And he can't keep an eye on him at all times or people would notice, he also can't trust the Ministry because someone could spill the beans or leak information." "So who's watching him?" Michael asked. "I doubt his family would send out owls with reports." "Maybe a neighbor?" Charles cut in. "Like when we're looking for a bloke, ask the neighbors to keep an eye out for a reward." "That could be it." Sarah said with a smile. "And the neighbor must be old or something and doesn't notice the neglect or abuse." "Why old?" Michael asked, even though the theory made sense. "He or She might think the large clothes are a fashion statement and not mention it." Sarah said with a nod to herself. "And by his character I doubt he would ever speak up against his family." "So what do we do?" Michael asked, he was rewarded with a smile but not any smile. It was a vicious smile that promised many things, the same smile that came with the idea for them to leave the Wizarding World and use their skills to make a profit. "We have in our laps a young boy needing guidance, a boy who can influence the entire magical community of Britain." Sarah started to say. "He is the heir of an Ancient and Noble house, one of the oldest in fact. If we play this correctly we have a chance to change the world. If he learns how he could earn favors from all sides of the Wizengamot and change laws to include muggle-borns if he wanted." "How exactly can you do this?" Charles asked, though it didn't really involve him he was intrigued by their talk. "We teach him everything we know from running numbers to blackmail; the Wizarding World doesn't have anything like bookies, whore house and the like." Sarah said evenly. "You can find a couple of whores if you try but nothing like here." "So what, were going to make the kid a kingpin?" Charles asked not liking the idea of corrupting someone so young, he may be an enforcer and work against the law but he chose to do so. "That's the beauty of it; there are no laws against it in the Wizarding World." Michael said with a grin as he caught onto the plan. "Purebloods control the laws and don't have a clue about those kinds of things so they never guarded against it. And any muggleborn or half-blood that made it into the few powerful families that accepts them wouldn't know about them or suggest it." "Because most are on the light side." Sarah said while making air quotes. "But if we teach him everything about our world, he will be just as ruthless as any slytherin pureblood but be able to walk with the light side families." "This could work; we need to play it slow and careful though." Michael said with a smile. "First get Harry to trust us, Charles." The large man looked to Michael. "You're going to pay his uncle a visit and explain something's to him." "Not a problem." Charles said with a grin and popped a few knuckles. "Will get him checked out by a Healer, under an unbreakable vow, and get him some potions to improve his health to what it should be." Sarah said quickly to them. "And I'll gather all the books he will need to read to learn about the Wizarding World. Mornings I can teach him and in the afternoons you start explaining the workings of your job." "Won't that be a little much for a child?" Charles asked but both Michael and his wife laughed. "Wizards and witches mature faster mentally than muggles, plus his parents were two of the smartest people during their stay at school." Sarah said with a smile. "I bet if he put his mind to it he is quite brilliant." "Push on that." Michael said as an idea popped in his head. "Ravenclaw would be the best house for him; it's the house with the least stereotypes." "Good point, plus I would like to brag to the few friends I keep in touch with Harry Potter was in my house." Michael chuckled and walked around his desk to pull his wife against him. "If this all goes well will be back in the Wizarding World for good and still live our comfortable life style." Sarah smiled and wiggled out of her husband's grasp. "Come; let's start getting on young Harry's good side with a little conversation." Michael held his wife's hand as the trio walked into the pub to find their new charge.