course, he was with Ron Weasley —" Draco pronounced the name 'Weasley' the same way a person might normally say 'garbage bin', "— so really, what else can you expect?" "Who is Ron Weasley?" Astoria wondered aloud, feeling as though she had missed more than one crucial detail somewhere. "Another one of Arthur Weasley's sons. You must know about him —that lunatic muggle supporter who draws up those odd trinket laws at the ministry?" Astoria did not know, but Draco had barely paused for breath and it did not seem to really matter. "He's got to have about eight children by now. Father says you can spot them by their red hair and hand-me-down robes, but it turns out that he forgot to mention that they've all got identical starving expressions. Of course, maybe that's just in the summer— they're poorer than house elves on strike." Astoria stared at Draco, hardly able to believe that a person could be so rude and manage not to look at least slightly ashamed about it. Perhaps Draco could read some of her thoughts in the look on her face because when he scoffed again, it was almost halfhearted. "Move along now," came the sharp voice of Professor McGonagall, reentering the hall by stealth. "The sorting ceremony is about to begin." Professor McGonagall swiftly ordered them all into a line alphabetically and when she was satisfied, the doors to the Great Hall opened to admit Hogwarts newest students. There were the four long house tables Astoria had heard so much about, the four house colors all winking down at her decoratively. Astoria found the Slytherin table and studied it as the rest of the students filed into the hall behind her. Silver and green did nothing to disguise the ugliness of many of the students sitting there, from the lanky teenage form of Marcus Flint, (who Astoria only barely recognize from a childhood archery team they had both been members of), to a girl who looked as though her face had been shut in a heavy door repeatedly. They literally looked like thugs , Astoria thought to herself in surprise, trying to picture herself sitting amongst them and rejecting the idea almost immediately. She was starting to sweat. "When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," called Professor McGonagall over the noise of the watching students. She began calling names. "Brocklehurst, Mandy," quickly became a Ravenclaw before their very eyes. Astoria was starting panic, something she had not expected, suddenly powerfully aware of all of the watching eyes that were trained on them. "Brown, Lavender!" Astoria had started the morning with the calm feeling that whatever would be, would be. Now that she was standing in front of the sorting hat however, she was less sure of herself. Astoria had always suspected that she probably would become a Slytherin when the time came, a fate that she had accepted from far away in the same way that she accepted all eventualities, like future change and death. "Crabbe, Vincent!" Now that she could actually see the Slytherin table however, filled with unkind, somber faces, a true fear began to settle in her chest and her future rapidly began to unfurl in front of her as a direct parallel of her mothers. A life where blood-pride and violence, greed and cruelty were all just stepping stones in the pursuit of greatness. "Greengrass, Astoria!" Astoria blinked stupidly and then realized, with an electrical jolt that shot through her limbs, that it was finally her turn to step up to the stool. Putting one foot in front of the other, Astoria slowly crossed the hall. With a sense of great resignation, she allowed the hat to be lowered over her eyes. " Interesting, " purred a niggling little voice in her ear, " I sense resistance... and fear. I don't bite, you know. " " Anything but Slytherin ," thought Astoria desperately. " Even Hufflepuff will do. I'll change — I'll act the part. I'm adaptable like that, just please don't put me in Slytherin. " " Not Slytherin? " the hat chuckled. " How disappointing! Clever, ambitious and a little bit manipulative? Not to mention a powerfully guarded desire for dominance over others and you ask me to go against instinct? Why not go where you might naturally thrive? " " I can't go to Slytherin, " thought Astoria by way of an answer, trying make her thoughts sound final, even in her head. " I'll hate it. Don't I have any say? You said yourself that I'm clever. Put me in Ravenclaw. " " A bit bossy too, " murmured the hat, obviously amused, " but you've no love of knowledge purely for knowledge's sake. You do not invent to learn, you invent for progress. You do not solve a riddle for the joy of pondering, but for the love of winning a game. Ravenclaw would not suit you any better than Hufflepuff. " A hard ball of self-disgust was beginning to form in her stomach. Unbidden, angry tears sprang up in the corners of her eyes. Those cunning folk use any means to achieve their ends... " I'm brave, " Astoria thought back, almost surprised to realize there was some truth in this. " I'm daring and I've got nerve. " " That you do ," the hat conceded slowly. " Gryffindor would be a fair match for you... but I'd prefer to stand by my first choice. " " Please ," Astoria begged at last, unsure why she felt so desperate, unable to put the idea into exact words, " not Slytherin ." The hat tisked in her ear. " Very well ," the sorting hat murmured, " we make of ourselves what we eventually become." "Gryffindor!" The sonorous bellow was enough to jump her back to her senses. Professor McGonagall removed the hat from her head to a roar of sound. 0o0