that he wasn't prepared to go by himself if he had to – he managed to catch a glimpse of the address on the paper before Aunt Petunia yelled him upstairs back to the bedroom – but it was nice to not have the trouble. Five minutes later he was ready downstairs waiting for his uncle. Shortly, he appeared by the corridor, gave Harry a once-over, produced a sound between a sigh and a snort, put on his hat and went out the door. Harry followed him into the car. Harry had never been to London before. He was excited to see a big city at first hand at last. His world consisted of the few streets between the Durleys's home and the elementary school he and Dudley went to. He took in the sight of the skyscrapers and the busy streets, slightly amazed. While nowhere near the likes of Camelot and other court cities he saw every now and then on TV, London was still considered one of the bigger metropolis in the country. The car came to a stop on a busy little street. Uncle Vernon shoved his big hand in his pocket and, with some difficulty, pulled a crumpled piece of paper from within. He squeezed his little pig eyes to read then threw it to Harry. "Well, this is it. Out." Harry left the car and was about to close the door when he noticed the older man wasn't doing the same. "I'll come by again around six. Be here. I'm not waiting around for you." "Wait – Uncle Vernon!" Harry called, but it vain, he was already pulling the car – the door, jerked from Harry's hand – closing by itself. Now alone in the middle of London he was less sure of himself than a minute ago. If he didn't witness one of the living room furniture assault his uncle with his very eyes he might even think this an elaborate prank at his expense. But he did and so he could not lose heart now, because he was going to a magical school and would find out more about his parents. He straightened the paper in his hand. It read: The Leaky Cauldron, Charing Cross Street, London Harry looked around, trying to spot any shops that might appear to sell magic wands, cauldrons, spell books and the likes. Nothing looked the sort however. Yet he clearly remembered the professor mentioning something like a diagonal alley, so he tried looking into alleys sprouting from Charing Cross, but did not find anything. After going up and down the street a few times he finally saw it. A grubby, small – tiny, in fact – pub nested between a bookshop and a record store. Over the door hanged a sign, 'The Leaky Cauldron'. This is it, Harry thought. And it must have been because people walked by without shooting a glance, sliding their eyes from one of its neighborhood store to the other, seemly without even noticing the dirty pub. Harry was almost certain only he could see it. He took a breath, steeled himself and walked inside. The first thing Harry noted was that it was very dark place; illuminated only by candles, it apparently had no electric light. Very shoddy too, the tables arranged in a disorganized pattern – in fact, no pattern existed, people sat where they would. A number of heads turned when he came in, but quickly lost interest and returned to what they had been doing. He walked between the tables unsure of what to do. It helped that everyone was wearing some kind of weird tunic (wizard clothes?) so he guessed he was, at least, in the right place. But where to go from there? After a few minutes loitering, looking around, he decided to ask for information. Naturally, being a boy, he hated doing that, but saw no other alternative. He grimaced, wishing professor McGonagall had been more helpful. He spotted a woman sitting at a table not far from him. She stirred her tea while reading a newspaper. Olive skinned, ebony hair kept in a braided bun and wearing deep purple vests, Harry thought she looked friendly enough. He decided to approach her. "Excuse me, ma'am," he waited for her to shift towards him, "do you know where I can get my Hogwarts supplies around here?" He stood there as she scrutinized him through her long eyelashes. Finally she spoke, "Muggleborn?" "No – I mean, kinda – I mean, it's complicated," he tried to articulate. She smirked. "And did you think of asking the bartender over there?" she looked somewhere behind Harry. He twisted and saw a bald man cleaning some glasses behind the balcony. Harry almost face-palmed. "No," he sighed. "Thanks, ma'am, I guess I should have done that first. Sorry to bother you." He turned and started to make his way to the balcony, but stopped as he heard a soft laugh and the woman's voice calling behind him. "Come back here, kid," he walked back to her table. "That man can't help you." "Why?" "Because he doesn't sell anything other than food and drinks," she continued with an upturned smile. "What you're looking for is the Diagon Alley." Oh so that's how it was called. Unfortunately, that did not get him any closer to said destination. "I don't know where that is. Could you show me, ma'am?" he said and then, realizing he was being incredibly rude, offered his hand and added, "I'm sorry, my name is Harry Potter." She looked at him for a long moment with and indecipherable expression, deep red eyes giving him a piercing gaze. Just as Harry was getting uncomfortable and about to lower his hand, she grasped it with her own. "Well met, Mr. Potter. And yes, I would be delighted to," She smirked, "My name is Cecilia Quirrell. You're in luck, I also happen to be your Professor for Defense Against the Dark Arts for the year."