blue sofa opposite the fireplace seemed content to be there, awaiting the evening where it would be curled up on with a good book next to a blazing fire. There was a large bay window opposite the portrait hole, with window seats and a few cushions. On either side of bay window was a door. On each door was a golden plaque, one reading 'Head Boy' and the other 'Head Girl' . Well, that made it easy. She made her way over to her new room and opened the door. It was a plain room, with white drapes and clothes hanging from the windows and the four poster bed. She supposed that was because she wasn't actually a student. There was a desk next to the window, so she set the text down on the surface, and pulled out the timetable Dumbledore had given her, and set that on top of the tomb. She took her time to look around. The bed was opposite the window and the desk. Beside the desk was a dresser; on the other side of the bed was empty space and a blank wall save for a door to the side. There was a side table on either side of the bed, and the wall beside the door held a modest bookshelf, which was empty aside from what appeared to be the seventh year school books according to the curriculum. The majority of the floor was covered in a brown rug, which was soft to stand on and quite a nice change from the cold stone. Going over to the door on the other side of the room, she opened it to find a cozy little ensuite bathroom, equipped with a wash basin, a toilet and a bathtub. She walked back out into the bedroom and left the bathroom door open. She paused for a moment to take it all in. This room was hers for the next year. She was going to be living next to a very young Lord Voldemort for the next year. She would have to deal with her transformations without Wolfsbane for the next year. She would have to fit in and somehow complete her mission before summer rolled around. She sighed a pinched the bridge of her nose. This was going to be one hell of a challenge. She hoped that she would have a slightly bigger wardrobe. She would have to ask Dumbledore if she would be allowed to go out and buy a few things to tide her over in terms of clothes and books. She was brought out of her musings by the creaking open of the portrait hole and the clipped footsteps of who she assumed to be her roommate. She padded over to her door and peered out into the common room, to see Toom Riddle pacing in front of the fireplace. He had a knapsack slung over his shoulder, and as he made a pass by the sofa he slung it carelessly onto it, and a book or two slipped out of the top. He continued to pace while ignoring her, probably not realizing she was there. His jaw was clenched and she could smell the anger wafting around his core, where his body had retracted most of his body heat. He was hyped up from something, and his body was reacting accordingly. She wondered what could be causing it. A moment later she heard a second set of footsteps and she had to pause a moment as a long haired Draco Malfoy strode through the portrait hole, looking rather flippant, if also a little out of breath. "My Lord, what's bothering you?" Malfoy asked carefully. From his stance she could tell he was being defensive and watchful of his peer, and she wondered just how dangerous he was at this stage to his own followers. She shook the thought; he had to start somewhere if he was to be an evil, maniacal psychopath in fifty years. Riddle shot him a dark look. "Abraxas, please don't play stupid. Dumbledore is what's bothering me. He's even more suspicious of me than before; I will have to be extra diligent if I wish to avoid his detection." He paused in his pacing and walked over to the bay window and Malfoy followed. The older, yet young, Malfoy who was to be Draco's grandfather in the future. "And now I have that little girl to worry about. I should have known Dippet would do that." She heard him clench his teeth and seethed a bit at being called a 'little girl', and tried to keep a lid on her annoyance. She had lived through a war at his hand, faced off against his Death Eaters first hand; what had he done for his war? Nothing but hide in this godforsaken castle. "My Lord, the girl shouldn't be a problem, should she? She is only a ward of Hogwarts, not a student." "That's the point Abraxas. She isn't a student, which means she can go where she pleases and do what she likes, without adhering to the rules. Do you understand now? She is a ward, protected from the bloody war. She's not a student, she doesn't have to follow the same rules we do." Malfoy paused a moment. "I see… I do apologise for making assumptions." "As you should. Now leave, I have work to do." With the abrupt end to the conversation, Malfoy made a swift exit and she heard Riddle sigh before coming back into vision to pick up his knapsack and heading towards his door, shutting it behind him. She bit her lip and shut her own door, turning to face her room and her new life as a ward of Hogwarts. Thank you for reading to the end of the chapter! Please leave feedback, as this always helps me to improve my writing and potentially think of new directions for the story to go in. Enjoy the rest of your day :)