thumb on her clit and his index finger between her folds, Draco continued his circling motion. "Come for me. Please... Look at me when you come... Please." He asked her. Hermione couldn't take it any longer. She came the instant his index finger entered her. Her entire body shuddered. Her spine was shaking with pleasure. She made a series of moans before the waves of pleasure ended. She was panting for breath. This was new for her. So new. She never came with this intensity in her entire life. She didn't even know that her body was capable of handling this much pleasure. She was so out of breath when Draco's mouth met hers. The next action, Hermione did out of instinct than out of spite. She moved her hands to his wand and whispered a spell. Immediately, his underwear disintegrated into thin air. Draco gave her a confused look. Seeing what she had done, he grinned. "Such a Slytherin, aren't we?" He teased her. Hermione answered him by grabbing his hardness. Draco cursed her with unintelligible words. He was so hard that she could feel his nerves with her fingers. Draco was so helpless; his eyes were like a stormy day, filled with desire and need to wreck everything that it meets. Hermione pushed him down and lay on top of him. His complete lack of control and helplessness made her feel so powerful. She was in charge. She gave him a huge smile and slithered down his body. She examined his sex with her immature hands. Out of curiosity, she held both of his balls with her hands. "Woman...what are you...Do-in-ggg." Draco shouted incoherently. Hermione disregarded him and bent down to take his sacs in her mouth. She licked them with the slow waves of her tongue. Draco's erection was facing the ceiling by the time she finished. Pre-cum was oozing from its tip. Hermione found this too sexy to explain. She always found oral sex to be disgusting and the idea of a woman going down on a man was too subservient for her tastes. But this was different. She felt powerful every time Draco begged her. Giving a teasing smile, she licked his fluid. This primeval act of tasting his body fluid, his sweat blending with hers was too sensual to comprehend. She went into action and sucked harder and faster, taking all of him inside her mouth. Draco was reduced to a whimpering animal. "Please stop... I want to come inside you." He managed to say. Hermione let go immediately. Draco held her with the strength of a Chimera, pushing her towards the side, her back on the bed. He charged on her with his consuming hunger and crashed his mouth to hers. "I won't last long." He said breaking the kiss. Hermione eagerly spread her legs and entwined them around Draco's shoulders. Draco stared at her for a moment, his gaze freezing all time and motion. "Ask me for it." He said. "Draco...I ..." He didn't wait for a reply. He entered her with all his might. Hermione's tight sex embraced his erection, hugging its fullness. The moment he started to move, all laws of decorum and conduct was suspended for a second. They both entered into a harmonious, delirious rhythm; whispering dirty words, cursing, and most of all, moaning. If there was anything near to sublime in her life, this was it. This moment with Draco was her own little sublime. Draco increased his pace driving her to the edge. She looked at his grey eyes, his porcelain skin and his face etched with pleasure... It was all too much to bear... she came with the sight of his face. "Draco..." She moaned as orgasmic waves hit her shuddering body. She grabbed his hair like a life saver and let her muscles contract against his skin. At the sound of his name, Draco bent down and devoured her moans into his mouth. He increased his rhythm ten folds. His body trembled as he came shouting out loud. "Hermione...ah...Hermione..." He shouted on top of his voice and collapsed on her. A warm sensation tingled the insides of Hermione's womb. She was so engulfed in passion at the sound of her name. She desperately pulled him to her and kissed his forehead. Nobody had ever called her name with such passion... such longing... such...Then it hit her; Draco had just called out her name! How did he know? Did he know all along? Hermione was so shocked. For a bright witch, she had been so foolish. She hadn't disguised herself well enough. She cursed her blasted brain. Before she could comprehend the situation and resolve it, Draco's cool voice whispered against her lips. "Let's not talk about it." He said gently caressing her cheeks. His long fingers moved towards the edge of the mask and traced its curves. He then removed her mask with the utmost care. He looked at her shocked face and started kissing every inch of it with his swollen lips. He was being so warm and nice that Hermione was almost convinced that he actually cared for her. Oh, to hell with your delusions! She cursed herself. But something about his pleading tone made her feel all gooey and warm inside. Her heart was having tiny orgasms of its own. Whatever their situation, one thing was certain. Draco was right. It was better not to talk about it. It's best to accept it. Something or Someone had been the reason for this night. Maybe it was their raging, hating passion. She didn't want to think about it. All she wanted was to melt into Draco's embrace and sleep. That is exactly what they did. They slept inside the tent, engulfed with passion and tiredness, snuggling each other for comfort. They didn't care about what the day would bring. They cared only about the night. That single moment. At that magical night, they lived only for the present; both Draco and Hermione.