office, attempting to intervene. "Mother," she called, feigning brightness, "where should I put these - " She stopped, seeing the man in the room. "Oh," she said faintly. Hermione had never been one to gape at a man, but she certainly considered doing it at this one. He stood across the counter from Minerva, and even from Hermione's fairly distant vantage point, she could admire the stunning contrast of his richly pale skin and his ebony hair, the dousing blue of his eyes as they met hers, appraising her sharply. " Oh , indeed," he remarked, a touch of curiosity dancing across the bow of his lips; amusement, Hermione read in the lines of his mouth. "Alone, were we?" he asked, glancing questioningly at Minerva. "Apologies," Minerva muttered. Hermione could see her eyes were narrowed suspiciously, though she could also tell that, for whatever reason, the older woman was operating strictly within the confines of her more reserved nature. Nerves, Hermione guessed. "I'd sent the girl on an errand. I hadn't been aware she'd returned." "Mother and daughter, hm?" the man asked, his gaze flicking back to Hermione and passing quickly over her face. "You're staring," he informed her, a curve of humor to his lips. Hermione swallowed. "Sorry," she said quickly. "No, don't apologize," the man instructed carelessly, waving a hand. "Tell me," he ventured, gesturing to himself, "what is it that you see?" Hermione paused. Minerva seemed to be holding her breath. "Money," Hermione replied. The man laughed. "Is it so obvious in this garb?" he asked, gesturing to his wardrobe. "It's what I see in every customer," Hermione assured him, moving to stand beside Minerva. Up close, the stranger's eyes were even more astounding; an azure, a celestial blue. "What is it you're wishing to acquire from my mother?" The man, who was still watching her closely, considered her a moment before speaking. "Your nose," he said slowly. Hermione blinked. "What?" "Your nose," the man repeated, "is not long or prominent enough for this to be your mother. Your lips are fuller," he added, "and your cheekbones higher." He glanced at Minerva, and then back at Hermione. "Your eyes," he murmured. "A deeper shade of brown." "I don't know whether you believe yourself a master of art or science," Hermione said, stiffening, "but perhaps you fail to consider I might have inherited those traits from my father." "Or," the man said, "perhaps you're lying, and you're doing something you shouldn't." Hermione, alarmed at the accusation, drew back; Minerva, who appeared to have noticed something during the exchange, leaned forward, regaining control of the conversation. "These things that you want," Minerva began. "I don't have them." "But you can get them," the man determined firmly, shifting his attention back to her. "Can't you?" "I can," Minerva said slowly. Ah, lass, everything is at my disposal, Hermione heard her say. "And am I to assume there is a cost, if I do not?" she added, her tone marked with even deliberation. "Ah, so there is one trait you share," the man said, glancing knowingly at Hermione. "You both trust me so very, very little." "Hazards of being weak-minded women," Hermione supplied flatly. "You understand." The man eyed her carefully, the amusement fading from his features. "You are many things," he permitted, his gaze locking on hers. "But I am not fool enough to think 'weak-minded' among them." For a moment - in a chilling breath - Hermione glimpsed something in his eyes; a flash of futures and pasts, a blinding glimmer of chaos, of intertwining strands of light. A snake , she thought, and a lioness ; passion and blood and bone. A brash darkness, a bright paleness, a flash of raven hair - a touch in the darkness, the sputtering of a candle flame, the hollow glow of a raised crown, a strike of steel against gold - And then she blinked and it was gone, and he turned back to Minerva. "You can procure the items I require," he concluded. "Can you not?" Hermione waited as Minerva eyed him closely, considering her options. "I can," she said. The man's lips curled into a smile. "And will you?" The corners of Minerva's mouth twitched. "I will," she promised coolly, and then time stopped: "If it pleases Your Majesty," she added, casting the words at his feet. Hermione felt the air drain from her lungs as the man's - the king's - eyes narrowed. "That," he remarked curtly, "seems overly formal, don't you think?" "If it pleases Your Majesty," Minerva repeated, and the king's mouth tightened to a grimace. "Well," he said, looking displeased. "I suppose I should be satisfied having gotten what I came for." He shifted his stance, glancing again between them. "I should have known Pettigrew did not possess the subtlety to handle these matters with the necessary sensitivity," he added, somewhat apologetically. "Perhaps Severus will be more to your liking, for future visits." "Not you?" Hermione asked, the words seeming to tumble forth without her consent. "Your Majesty," she added hastily, lowering her chin in horror as Minerva tossed her a sidelong glare. Despite her impertinence, the king chuckled, giving her a thorough once-over. "Do you wish me to come back, Miss" - he paused, eyeing Minerva and nodding, as though he were agreeing to carry on the charade - "McGonagall?" Hermione's heart leapt furiously to her throat. "If your Majesty wishes," she said faintly, but even she could hear the shudder of pleading in her tone. The king smiled like he could swallow her whole, and she met his eye like she would let him. "Call me Tom," he suggested. Tom, she heard herself say from somewhere far away, Tom, please - "Tom, then," she replied, and in the span of breath she molted, shed her old skin, and changed, newly burdened by something she didn't yet know how to name. a/n: the muse has been itching on this one. Next chapter coming shortly.