and started the walk to the park, which was right around the corner. Upon arriving at the park they could see the dance in full swing. The whole neighborhood was there, all in their best dresses and suits. They were dancing and eating, and some of the kids were playing on the playground. The group of three quickly spotted the others sitting at one of the picnic tables and headed their way. Calvin was the first to spot them and whistled when he saw Jocelyn. "Mama Lynn, you're lookin' fine tonight," he said, standing up to kiss her cheek. Jocelyn laughed and thanked him before letting go of Remus to hug and kiss Armelle. Calvin turned towards Hermione and his grin widened. "But no one can hold a candle to this gorgeous beauty," he said, picking her up and twirling her around. She laughed and kissed his cheek as he held her in his arms. "Now, if ya'll don't mind, I am going to take these two lovely ladies," he held out a hand to Rose, who grinned and took it, "and go dance." With that Calvin took the two giggling girls to the dance floor, where he proceeded to twirl them around and dance. Jocelyn and Armelle smiled at the sight of their children and smirked at the looks other girls were giving Calvin. "Handsome, funny," Armelle started. "And great with kids," Jocelyn continued, shaking her head with a smile. "He's going to be a heartthrob." "If he isn't already," Kingsley laughed, watching the young boy twirl his niece. They all laughed and spent the next few hours talking and laughing and just having a good time together. A few minutes before midnight the girls left to get a drink and Kingsley took this time to talk to Remus. "Remus," he started and Remus groaned, causing Kingsley to grin. "Are we going to do this now?" "Yes! It's New Year's Eve, Remus! Wouldn't you rather start the new year with her on your arm rather than still pining after her?" "I'm not pining," Remus denied. "You're pining," Kingsley deadpanned. Remus sighed, nodding. "I am pining." Kingsley chuckled. "Then finally do something about it! For goodness sakes, man, you're a Gryffindor, God dammit!" he exclaimed. Remus looked at him, deep in thought. He knew Kingsley was right. For the past six months he had done nothing but pine after this woman that stole his heart the moment he laid eyes on her. Maybe Calvin was right. Maybe it was time for him to 'hike up his skirt' and do something about it. And as a slow song came on and the girls came back to the table he made up his mind. "Jocelyn, would you do me the honor of dancing with me?" Remus asked, standing and offering his hand. Jocelyn looked shocked for a moment before a bright smile lit up her face. Putting down her drink she gently took his hand, shocks flying up both of their arms, and said, "I'd love to, Remus." Remus grinned and led her to the dance floor. Armelle smiled happily, saying, "About damn time." Kingsley laughed. "I know." Armelle smiled and grabbed his hand. "Well, come on, sugar. Let's dance!" Kingsley boomed a laugh and stood. "Don't mind if I do," he said and let her drag him onto the dance floor. Jocelyn smiled as Remus wrapped his arms around her waist, and she wrapped her arms around his neck. As they swayed to the music they just looked at each other, unable to tear their eyes away from one another. "One minute until midnight!" Remus took a deep breath. It was now or never. "Jocelyn there's something I've been meaning to tell you. These past few months have been fantastic. The best few months of my life. The day I met Hermione I had no idea how much my life would change for the better. She truly is the greatest gift life has ever given me." Jocelyn's heart warmed at the obvious love in his voice. "I can't thank you enough for all that you have done for me. Letting me stay in Hermione's life, letting me into yours, giving me a job. You've also given me people to love. Calvin, Hermione . . ." "Time to start the countdown!" "Ten!" "You . . ." Jocelyn's heart skipped a beat as she listened to him. "Nine!" "Everyday that we spend together I find something new to love about you," "Eight!" "Your eyes, your smile, your laugh," "Seven!" "Your mind, your humor," "Six!" "Your warmth, and your kindness," "Five!" "And soon enough I found myself completely in love with you." "Four!" "And all I can think about is how I want to wake up everyday beside you and eat every meal with you." "Three!" "And how I want to spend the rest of my life with you." "Two!" Jocelyn's smile was full of joy as she caressed Remus' cheek. "And what do you plan to do about that?" And at that moment Remus knew exactly what he wanted to do. "One!" Their lips finally connected and electric shocks flew through their bodies as a pleasurable chill ran down their spines. The cheers of the crowd around them echoed in the background. They hardly noticed the fireworks shooting into the sky behind them, their focus only being on one another and the feeling of completion as they finally came together. Remus could have sworn he heard Calvin shout "Finally! Jesus freakin' Christ, I can finally breathe!" and he smiled into the kiss. And as he pulled Jocelyn closer to his body he knew that this was going to be a great year. What did you guys think? I know, it's extremely long, but when I start her years at Hogwarts each year is only going to be a few chapters, so they'll all be pretty long. I hope you enjoyed this chapter! Please let me know what you think! With Love, Oliviaa Rose