especially for those who already lived through them so," she waved her wand and two doors appeared in the back of the room, "the door on the right is a privacy room to get away for a few minutes, and the door on the left is a bathroom." After she was finished she paused once again and met every eye in the room. "I understand this is very harsh and maybe even a little cruel, but I've run out of options. You all seem to think you know each other enough to judge and label each other. Mister Malfoy and Mister Potter, you both seem to think the other lives this grand life, when you both actually have no idea that you're both quite the same." Both boys scoffed, not believing that they could possibly have anything in common, especially when it came to the lives they lived. "Or even you, Mister Weasley," she said turning on Ron, who jumped. "I've even heard you go at your own best friend, Miss Granger, about how she believes she's 'Miss Perfect' and lives this perfect life with a perfect family, a sentiment you seem to share with Miss Parkinson, and quite a few other classmates. Are you all sure this is so true?" Hermione paled as she was put on the spot by her favorite professor and shrunk down in her seat, shaking slightly as everyone turned to look at her. "Or how about Mister Longbottom, who most of you laughed at for being clumsy and 'dumb', but none of you have any idea what his story is, what he may have gone through at home, what made him who he was." Neville blushed bright red and looked down at his lap. "It's time for you all to wake up and face the facts. None of you know a damn thing about one another. Not the lives they live, not the families they live or don't live with, and certainly nothing about them personally or what's going on in their heads. I'm done seeing you all tear my school apart. So if exposing your lives to one another is what I have to do to open all of your eyes and make you finally wake up, then that's what I'll do." Though no one was willing to say it, they all knew she was right. No one actually knew each other in this room, not even the closest of friends like the Golden Trio. They all had their deep, dark secrets they left outside of the Hogwarts walls, and they were all terrified to have them revealed. "With that said, I will now pick a name," McGonagall said. Everyone watched with bated breaths as she opened the bag and reached inside. After some ruffling around she finally seemed to latch onto one and pulled it out. Everyone's eyes latched onto the simple piece of parchment paper that held the name of the unfortunate person that would get to have all their secrets spilled first. As she unfolded the parchment and read the name everyone could see the flash of pity that crossed her eyes. "Hermione Granger," she said, turning the paper for the room to see. The room was silent as everyone turned to stare at the golden girl. She sat, completely frozen, her eyes not moving from the neat script of her name on that tiny piece of parchment. The tiny piece of parchment that was about to exploit all of the secrets she worked so hard to keep away from Hogwarts. On the outside she looked calm, but on the inside she screaming and panicking. She couldn't find it in her to breathe, to move, to do anything. All she could do was stare at that blasted piece of parchment. "And unfortunately because you are tied so closely, Miss Granger, to another student that your lives are basically one, there is another name I feel I might as well add to yours." At that everyone looked confused. Everyone besides four people. Hermione watched as the professor waved her hand over the bag and another piece of parchment flew out into her hand. And as she used magic to infuse the two papers together and turn it so the class could see she didn't need to look up to know who's name it was. "Dean Thomas." Gasps of surprise echoed around the room. If her classmates had to guess they would have guessed Harry or Ron, but Dean? What did he have to do with Hermione? Everyone's head twisted to look at the boy, who surprisingly sat there with a calm smile on his face. "Seven years," he said, shaking his head as if he couldn't believe it. "Seven years we managed to keep it a secret, 'Mione. I didn't think we'd manage to keep it from getting out for this long." He turned to look at the girl beside him, who was staring at her feet. "Are you ready for it to come out?" Hermione stayed silent for a moment, keeping her eyes trained on her feet. Then she slowly raised her eyes to look at him and a small smile came to her face. "Now that war is over? Yes, Dean, I think I am." With that said, as everyone watched confused and shocked, the two clasped hands, ready to face their truths together. Sooooo whatcha think? PLEASE leave reviews! I need to get feedback to know how to continue successfully with the story. I've got 90% of Hermione's story mapped out, things may change as I write you never know. I do not however have a pairing set in stone for her yet, so ideas are welcome. But heads up, i'm not planning on Dramione. I love Dramione as much as the next person but I think it'd be too expected and I want to do something different. So please let me know! And any other pairings as well! Can't wait to hear from you all! Oliviaa Rose