about?" Tom considered him a moment before answering. "Draco," he finally tsked softly, "do you really think I wouldn't give you all the information you needed?" At the telling non-answer, Draco exchanged a glance with Theo, who shifted uncomfortably. "Just being clear," Draco offered smoothly, kicking his legs out under the table and sliding down in his seat. "You want us to meet with Greyback," he clarified, "and then - ?" "Meet him," Lucius asserted, "woo him, and - " "Make a loyal customer of him," Tom finished, rolling a kink out of his neck before refocusing his attention on Draco. "Show him that the future of this club is something worth investing in," he added, offering Draco an unsettlingly omniscient smile. The future of this club, Draco thought, finding the idea disquieting. "Do you mean us ," he began, looking across the table at Theo, "or the 'product'?" Tom shrugged. "One and the same, in the end," he said opaquely, and across the table, Theo made a face. "This seems like an awful lot of fucking pretense for a bunch of bike mechanics," Theo commented, intently avoiding Lucius's disapproving glance. "Yes, this is a slightly different venture," Tom agreed, scarcely sparing him a glance. "Dumbledore's untimely departure has served unpleasant, though not entirely luckless in timing." He looked up, giving Draco another distressing look. "We have to explore a variety of means from whatever opportunities arise. For the good of the club," he added, as a hazy afterthought. "For the good of the club," Draco repeated slowly, and beside him, Lucius nodded. "It's about creating a sustainable source of income for us into the future," Lucius said, his tone faintly robotic. "Something to keep us going." "Again, this sounds like something beyond the sign on the door that says 'Harley repair,'" Theo interjected brusquely. "What exactly is this mysterious source of income that's so sustainable?" A brief flash of irritation appeared in Tom's eyes, causing Draco a moment of alarm; but just as quickly as it had appeared, it faded, the slow smile creeping back over Tom's face. "Theodore," he broached slowly, his voice oddly hushed. "Hostile today, are we?" Draco inhaled sharply, hearing something in Tom's voice that he couldn't put a finger on; Theo clearly caught it too, his shoulders stiffening to the slightest possible degree. "I'd hate to think you're somehow displeased with my leadership," Tom commented, the honeyed tone of his words dripping leisurely from his tongue. "You are committed to the well being of the Death Eaters, are you not?" "I am," Theo said loudly, and despite Draco's silent plea for him to hold his tongue, he continued. "But - " "I hardly think that you intend to challenge my authority," Tom prompted with a laugh, and at Theo's startled hesitation, he leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table. "Not to worry," Tom said reassuringly, and then smiled. "Oh, but by the way," he began quietly, as though he'd suddenly remembered something, "how's your father doing? Still breathing, I hope," he added, eyes flashing, "despite the trouble I know you've had with his health insurance." There was a silent breath of pause around the table as Tom tapped his fingers lightly against the table. "Nearly lapsed, didn't it?" he asked, as though the conversation topic had not drastically changed. "Yes," Theo managed, swallowing. "He was about to be transferred, but then - " "But then he wasn't," Tom said brightly, snapping his fingers in recollection. "Amazing, isn't it," he murmured, "how things just . . . work themselves out?" "Yes," Theo whispered, lowering his head. "I'd hate for things to become . . . difficult for you," Tom remarked thoughtfully, bringing a hand up to cup his chin. "Truly, I'd hate to see a fellow Death Eater in any sort of" - he paused, his eyes flicking first to Draco, and then back to Theo - "pain." This time, Theo said nothing. "Well then," Tom erupted suddenly, slapping a palm against the table before turning back to Draco. "I'm sorry, bit of a tangent," he remarked buoyantly, with a stunning effortlessness, as though no threat had been made. "Did you have any remaining questions?" Draco, who had been holding his breath, blinked. "I - " He glanced at Theo's bent head; met Lucius's warning glare. "No," he determined faintly, and Tom nodded his approval. "Wonderful," Tom said, his eyes narrowing to slits as he smiled. "Fuck," Theo said, opening the trunk. "Guns," Draco sighed, shaking his head. "Guns," Theo agreed, looking sick. He turned, leaning against the open trunk. "Gotta add small-time arms dealer to the resume, I guess." "Small-time might be an understatement," Draco remarked, sifting through the familiar pistols to reveal a series of military grade assault rifles. "This is some fucking heavy artillery." "Shit," Theo said, nudging Draco aside to look for himself. " Fuck , Draco - " "It's not that bad," Draco cut in, nudging Theo back and slamming the trunk shut. "All we have to do is get that Greyback guy interested. Easy," he added, with more confidence than he felt. "Just like any other client." "This isn't just some sales pitch, Draco," Theo sputtered, staring at him in disbelief. "These are fucking guns - " "We're just selling a product to a client," Draco reminded him. "That's it." He gave Theo a nudge to the ribs, attempting to be soothing. "Just - a transfer of goods, that's all." Theo sighed, shaking his head. "You were always fucking blessed with compartmentalization," he commented sulkily, crossing his arms over his chest. "It's fine," Draco assured him again, rolling his sleeves up to the dragon tattoo that wrapped around his forearm. "What's the worst that could happen?" He felt a lurch as soon as he said it. "Famous last words," Theo muttered, as they moved to climb into the car. a/n: Next chapter - Dr. Hermione Granger is about to have a really, really long shift at the hospital.