was hardly bigger than the goblins, who leered at her through narrowed eyes, and Millicent, she knew, was a local favorite, having been fighting in these underground circuits since shortly after the war. Hermione waited, rolling out her shoulders, until Millicent finally turned, staring at her. "Granger," she grunted; and then, without warning, she dove. Hermione knew the benefit of an overly emotional opponent, and so she consented to take the first hit; she took the blow to her cheek, twisting mid-impact to land facing forward and then hit the ground hard, sparing a moment before heaving herself up on her knees. She waited, taking her time, as Millicent towered over her. "Stay down, princess," Millicent spat. "You don't belong here." "COME ON, GRANGER," she heard Marcus yell. "HIT HER BACK!" "Good strategy, Flint," Oliver mocked. "Fuck off, Wood," Marcus retorted. Hermione smiled, rising to her feet, and then cracked her neck, beckoning to Millicent. "Come on, Bulstrode," she coaxed with a laugh. "Put me in my place, then, would you?" Millicent - predictably - obliged, grabbing Hermione by the shoulders and throwing her back against the wooden barricade of the ring before gritting her teeth, tightening her bruised fingers in the worn fabric of Hermione's sports bra. "This isn't Hogwarts anymore, princess," Millicent snarled, curling a fist and then drawing it back, coiled tight and prepped for release, like an arrow in a bowstring. "This isn't a war you get to win this time around - " She delivered her waiting fist, aiming for Hermione's cheek, and Hermione swiftly ducked to the side, drawing Millicent forward. Hermione twisted, aiming the blade of her hand against the back of Millicent's neck, and struck once, merciless , as Millicent fell forward, blinking back a haze. "This isn't war anymore, Millie," Hermione corrected grimly, ducking out towards the center of the ring. "This is a fight, " she clarified with a laugh, and Millicent spun, aiming unsteadily for her abdomen. Hermione took the hit to the stomach, prepping for the impact, and then permitted another tackle against the far end of the ring; she heard whispers, a few clattered exchanges of coins, and then smiled darkly, aiming a hard slap near the ear she'd seen Millicent favoring. Millicent groaned in pain, stumbling aside, and then aimed a blind jab at Hermione's face; Hermione countered with an uppercut, the heel of her hand hitting Millicent's nose, breaking it in a quick motion and then following it up with a fist to her jaw with the opposite hand, leaving Millicent dazed. "Come on, Millie," Hermione crooned, darting back towards the center with her hands up, beckoning to her. "Having fun yet?" Millicent let out a gurgle of opposition, stumbling forward, and Hermione wasted little time, taking advantage of the other woman's disorientation to draw her forward and blocking her poorly aimed jab, countering with a punch to her left cheek. Millicent, furious, attempted a wild knockout swing from the left - normally a weak side, though she couldn't possibly know yet that Hermione Granger had no weak sides - but Hermione hit first with a shot to Millicent's ribs, immobilizing her dominant arm before aiming a second blow to Millicent's jaw, breaking it, and then sending a traumatizing blow to Millicent's solar plexus, knocking the wind out of her. Millicent stepped back, staggering, and Hermione waited, knowing the fall was imminent. "We can stop now," Hermione offered genially, arching a brow, and Millicent's expression darkened as she turned, dragging out a breath and spitting blood. "Not quite," she rasped, and Hermione's eyes widened as Millicent shifted, drawing her wand from somewhere beneath the band of her loose-fitting pants. "HEY," Marcus yelled from the side, "NO MAGIC - " "Get Seamus," Hermione heard someone urge, and Oliver disappeared, racing up the stairs. " Deprimo, " Millicent snarled, and Hermione dove, scrambling to pull her own wand from the inside of her pant leg and just missing the impact of the spell where she'd been standing as a cloud of dust rose from the blasting curse. She threw up a silent Protego , avoiding the blow of another incoherent curse, and then slid across the dirt floor, narrowly avoiding the splintering of the ring's wooden barricades. " Expelliarmus ," Hermione attempted, rubbing dust from her eyes and aiming before launching herself to her feet, wincing as a small shard of wood lodged itself in the skin between her ribs. She stood, blinking, and then waved away the cloud of rubble. "GRANGER," she heard Marcus shout. "ON YOUR LEFT - " " Stupefy ," she shouted, aiming her wand blindly, and then there was a loud thud; she muttered a spell to dissipate the dust, coughing up particles of dirt, and then let out a sigh of relief as she nearly tripped over Millicent's unconscious form. "Jesus, Bulstrode," Hermione muttered to Millicent's unmoving torso, half-swaying where she stood. "There are rules - " "Granger," Marcus said, catching her elbow and holding her upright. "You okay?" "Yeah," she said, blinking. She looked up, searching for Seamus. "Did anyone go get - " She trailed off, her heart stopping, as she caught the small flutter of a familiar wave from someone in the crowd. "Brilliant , Hermione," Harry called brightly, his face materializing across the ring as the rubble from Millicent's curse finally cleared. She held her breath; choked on it. "Flint," she said, coughing, and dragged him around, letting her nails dig into the flesh of his forearm as she stared at the vision of Harry. "Did I take a hard fall," she asked, pointing, "or is that actually Harry Potter?" Marcus turned, his eyes narrowing. "Scarhead?" he muttered, and grimaced. "Unfortunately, that's really him," he lamented flatly, and Hermione slowly let out a sigh. "Fuck," she declared, and across the ring, Harry smiled brilliantly. a/n: Welcome to the start of something new! Let's meet back here next week to see what Draco's been up to, shall we?