face, the pale glow from his hair, and remembered. "A boy," she said. "A boy so steeped in sun - " "Wait," Harry told her, interrupting. "Start from the beginning." He had always liked his stories a certain way. "Once there was a monster," she began, the memory flooding through her and beginning to course in her veins, thudding in her ears. "A monster who craved control, and who created a boy only in the day, and a girl only in the night." She felt a hand on her shoulder, and she closed her eyes. "The boy was kept separate," she continued, knowing Harry would want her to go on. "He was raised only to see the light, and he was so steeped in sun, and his childhood so saturated by it, that he knew no danger. He knew no fear." She thought she heard another voice from somewhere outside her haze, but the story was important; she had to keep telling the story. "He was more a live thunderbolt than a human being," she continued, picturing the pale, shining head, the glow of his skin. "Raised to fear nothing. Raised to hunt," she added, picturing the way the storm raged in his eyes. "But the girl was kept in the dark, never permitted to know more than what existed within the walls of her prison." "Tell me about the boy," she heard him say softly. Was it Harry? It must have been Harry, and so she continued. "One day, in a twist of fate, the boy experienced the darkness," Hermione told him. "He thought himself brave, to pursue an animal of the night." She paused, swallowing to ease the pressure of the words against her throat. "When he was no longer in the light," she went on, her voice hushed. "When there was no light left to be found, and the darkness surrounded him, he suddenly grew fearful. The courage he thought he possessed had never been his own, he learned; it was not that he was courageous, never that he had been brave; only that he had been kept in the light for so long, so warmed by its protection, that he knew not the truth of the dark." "He was but a spark," she added. "But he found that he himself was nothing, and it made him feeble, and he saw himself a coward." "Reminds me of someone," Harry commented, and then she was sure it was him. "Doesn't it?" "Who was it?" Another voice. Hushed, in her ear, like a secret. "Draco," she said, and like magic, his face suddenly appeared. The moment she said his name, only loud enough for him to hear, every muscle in his body tensed; every inch of him went rigid. "This is Hermione Granger," he asserted, tasting a metallic kind of rage as he looked up at Gosforth. "How could you not have known?" The other man's face was blank; what a world he had known. What a world he hadn't known, Draco corrected himself. "This is the last known associate of Harry Potter," Draco informed him tersely. "She might be the last link to whatever remains of the Order." "Oh," Gosforth uttered faintly, though his face hardened, clenching his fists defensively as he anticipated Draco's reproach. "She could have information about them," Draco said, feeling a strange, uneasy rumbling in his chest as he slowly came to realize the significance of the woman before him. "She would have been prepared for veritaserum," he added confidently, feeling the pieces start to align; another Order member wouldn't, a lesser witch wouldn't, but this one surely would. "She would have known how to avoid giving information - " "Still, she's not helpful," Gosforth reminded him, flinching as he attempted to cover his mistake. "She's useless, especially now." "No," Draco argued, shaking his head adamantly. Not true. "I - I went to school with her - " he paused, looking back and trying not to feel sick at the thought of what had become of the brightest witch of her age. "She's the brains of the operation," he added, feeling at once the significance of that statement, the value of what she might still be. "Whatever she possesses in her mind, it's - " "It's nothing but nonsense," Gosforth countered irritably. "It's not," Draco said, aghast, wondering how the boy before him could be so stupid. "She's - she's giving up information," he realized, thinking about the details of her story. "She's giving details, and - " He felt his mouth form a tight, grim line. "These are not empty words," he said carefully. "Whatever story she's telling" - he inhaled sharply - "whatever hallucination she's talking to, there has to be a basis in truth." "How can you know that?" Gosforth scoffed, crossing his arms. "What do you think you're going to do?" he added skeptically. "Translate for her?" But he found that he himself was nothing, and it made him feeble, and he saw himself a coward. "Yes," Draco said stonily. "That's exactly what I'm going to do." a/n: Endless thanks to my love and my muse, DrSallySparrow, and to UnicornShenanigans, who patiently endures all of my story ideas. Inspiration featured in this chapter includes Cinderella as written by Perrault, and The Day Boy and the Night Girl by George MacDonald. If you follow my other works, the final Bachelorette drabble will post in Amortentia on Tuesday, with a new Youth chapter to follow shortly. [Edited 9/1/2016 to add: this story is categorized angst for a reason. Please note that while I will not list specific trigger warnings for each chapter, there may be some tense/upsetting references to past situations that may include violence or psychological trauma (i.e. in the seven years prior to this chapter). This, like all my works, will end happily for Dramione, and there will be no major character deaths; but assume that in this dystopia, there are background deaths that may be referenced throughout the narrative.]