done everything I told you to - " "Which I have," Nott had confirmed tartly. "So once you kill the bastard, my obligation here is done." "Obligation?" Harry lamented, sighing facetiously. "Nott, you could at least pretend to enjoy our company." "Seeing as you're both terrible, I will not," Nott informed him briskly. He turned, walking back towards the castle, before turning over his shoulder. "You two are fucked, by the way," he added, gesturing between them. "Whatever this is." And then he'd gone, leaving her to wonder how right he'd been. "Maybe we're bad for each other," she whispered to Harry as she lay in his arms. "Do you think maybe this is wrong?" He said nothing. Is he as you remember? "We're supposed to be seeing Ron any day now," she added, babbling anxiously. "So - " "Go to sleep," Harry advised, his arms tightening around her. Did I say it was mercy? "You're mine," he whispered, and she opened her mouth - yes, yes, yes - but he kissed her silent, ripping the words from her tongue. "And I'm yours," he promised, and the moment he filled her, she felt every piece of herself be consumed by him, mind and body and - Soul, she thought, and nearly laughed, the entirety of her being set ablaze. Tom Riddle had been a man for speeches; Harry Potter was not. Voldemort turned to face him - trapped, as Nott had assured them he would be, between the Order and the other quietly defected Death Eaters - with no escape. He opened his mouth; to taunt , Hermione guessed, or to gape , but Harry was no mere Boy Who Lived any longer. " Avada Kedavra ," Harry intoned emotionlessly, watching the so-called Dark Lord fall; Hermione stood by his side, nodding her satisfaction. Theo had lured Voldemort to the castle and set the message through channels Hermione had instructed, and in the end, all that remained - Death Eater and Order of the Phoenix alike - bore witness, watching the Chosen One crush his foot decidedly against Lord Voldemort's chest, proving with certainty that unlike Tom Riddle, Harry Potter's killing curses did not fail. It had been oddly easy, disturbingly painless; until a glint of red hair caught her eye across the courtyard. She hesitated, pausing mid-stride as Ron looked up, catching her eye. "You can go back to him if you want," Harry said in her ear, stepping behind her. "If it's easier." "It would be," she agreed, and he nodded. "Maybe Nott's right," she said, smiling wanly. "Maybe we are fucked up. Or maybe," she considered tentatively, suffering a brush of very real fear, "we only work when it's war. When we have an enemy," she said sadly. "As far as I'm concerned, I still do," he returned, shrugging. "All the Death Eaters whose trials will be delayed," he reminded her, his voice hardening with a cool, troubled rage, "whose wealth or lies will keep them out of Azkaban, the same as it was before." He released a shaky breath. "Unless, of course, I have something to do with it - " "You're not coming home, then," she interrupted softly, turning over her shoulder to face him. Harry shook his head, stifling a humorless laugh. "To do what?" he scoffed. "Wear knitted sweaters at Christmas? Eat treacle tart? Have a small brood of optimistic redheaded children?" he asked mockingly, gesturing to Ginny, who'd joined Ron. Hermione paused as she watched them, considering the possibilities; contentment, she thought; hadn't that been something she'd wanted? "No," Harry pronounced curtly, tearing his gaze away from Ginny and returning his attention to her. "After the things I've done, I could never go back." He paused for a moment to look at her, frowning, his gaze tracing slowly over her face - memorizing her , she guessed - before reaching a hand out to tuck a curl behind her ear. "After everything I've - " She leaned helplessly into his touch, watching his gaze drop to her lips. "Tasted," he murmured regretfully, and she shivered, knowing he was right. "It could never be the same," she agreed, even as a part of her begged her to step back, don't do this, Ron's watching - "You could come," Harry offered softly. His gaze slipped over her shoulder to where Ron stood behind her, waiting; she turned, catching the softness of his familiar blue eyes. For a moment, time stood still; she existed between futures and pasts, the space between choices. Ron would be better, she knew, would make her whole; would give her peace, would give her calmness, stillness, normalcy. Ron, her brain told her, and she agreed; Ron, she thought pleadingly, but then - You're not his, she heard Harry say, you never were ; words that had rooted themselves in her soul. Her soul, and his . She'd wondered if it would splinter along with the lives they'd taken, whether they were building their own trail of regrets; but they were too much a part of each other to sever, and perhaps even the laws of magic had known. What is a love story, she heard, a whisper in her mind, if not the intertwining of two souls? "Sorry, " she finally mouthed across the courtyard, and Ron's eyes widened in pain but he nodded; he knew , she thought, as Harry knew, as she'd always known - "I'm yours," she said to Harry, grabbing his hand and disapparating on the spot. In the end, I always belonged to you, and I will wither at your mercy. a/n: In classic Olivie fashion I am already late on my 8 Days of Murder countdown to my birthday, but more coming shortly: of the new material, there will be a Mulcibery, a dark (goes without saying for this collection, but am saying anyway) politicians!Dramione, and either a Voldetrix or Parkgrass (TBD), plus Theocissa, Pottgrass, Regulene, and (more) Dramione. See you back here soon!