sudden rush of affection for the boy who sat beside him, the strong bond of brotherhood coming to the fore. James Potter was his best friend, his brother in all but name. Sirius smiled as he remembered the childish way they had made a blood bond long ago, solemnly swearing that they would never abandon each other's side. This was a promise they both had meant with all their hearts and Sirius knew that he would never break it. Sirius knew he wasn't perfect. The façade he put was only that – a show, a lie. A mask to hide the little, hurt boy inside pleading his parents to stop their callous treatment of him. Moony and himself were alike in many ways – their scars ran deeper than the surface. And so, when James had latched on to him like he actually needed Sirius, he could help but feel like he was worth something, after all. He nodded his affirmation to James and watched more students file in, his eyes flicking over their green-and-silver emblazoned robes and thinking with satisfaction that this prank was indeed going to be a roaring success. Meeting James eyes, they nodded in an unspoken agreement and raised their wands in unison, " Ut Vestimenta Sua Dicens !" Sirius imagined the hideous muggle clothing he had seen the day before with a little enhancement of his own. He kept his eyes closed until he heard the screams of consternation and he grinned as he opened his eyes. The entire wing of seventh year Slytherins seemed to be wearing what looked like gruesomely altered robes – what Peter had called Muggle Prom Dresses . With pink frilly sleeves, bangles dangling from their wrists and horribly done make up, they were a sight to behold. But that was not all – 'We 3 the Marauders' was embroidered across the torso of the dress and the sight of it had everyone in stitches.** James checked his watch and muttered, "Any time now." And he was right, for more screams emanated from the victims of their prank as their skin turned a violent purple, clashing horribly against their dress. Severus Snape, standing in the middle of the chaos seemed to be receiving more torture than the others, for his hair had grown longer and longer until he almost resembled an overdressed, hideous hag of a woman. "I knew Remus would get it right," James told Sirius triumphantly and shouted to the unfortunate fellow two tables over, "THAT'S FOR HURTING LILY, YOU BLOODY WANKER." A roar and more applause erupted from the Gryffindor table alongside a scandalized, James Potter! from the lady herself. All Prongs and Padfoot did was accept the praise with an elegant bow and a flourish. And that was when the fireworks started. They were beautiful, illuminating the whole Hall in a shower of golden sparks. They took the shape of nothing and everything, dazzling everyone who bore witness to it. Even Professor McGonagall, who had been weaving her way through the crowd furiously, intent upon punishing those troublemakers one last time, stopped at their beauty and shook her head with a reluctant smile, deciding that those boys were clever, indeed. Remus appeared at Sirius' side after completing his tasks and let out an uncharacteristic whoop at the sight of their successful prank. The others joined in, whooping and clapping and shouting themselves hoarse. James happened to catch the eye of Professor Dumbledore and he grinned upon seeing the appreciative twinkle in the Headmaster's eyes. Finally, as the happy chaos subsided, Sirius whispered under his breath, " Mischief managed. " James snapped his trunk shut and waved his wand to lock it. He looked around the room he had shared for a good seven years with his best friends. It was devoid of all the posters, chocolate wrappers and random articles of clothing that had become a familiar comforting sight to him, and James felt strangely lonely. "You done over there, mate?" The familiar voice of Sirius asked. Mustering a smile, he nodded to his best friend. "C'mon, it's time to get going then," Sirius told James, a little sorrow permeating his voice. James knew how Sirius felt, at least, he thought he knew Sirius' feelings. Sirius was an enigma – as hard as a diamond sometimes, but an open book otherwise. But in this case James knew that Sirius was clamming up, hiding his feelings. He certainly knew that Sirius Black was missing Hogwarts much more than he was letting on. It was home to all of them, but to Sirius, it was like an asylum of peace. Somewhere he could be just Sirius and Padfoot instead of the disgraced Heir of Black. But he also knew that Sirius wouldn't talk about it, so James nodded and followed him out the door. Remus, Peter and Lily were lying in wait in the Common Room, their trunks already taken away by house-elves. Wordlessly, Sirius and James joined them, and together, they stepped out of the portrait hole one last time (and James swore he saw a few tears in the corners of the Fat Lady's eyes). Every hall held a memory for them – the one where he had gotten down on his knees to ask Lily out, the one where they had outwitted Peeves at his own game with a Tongue Twisting Charm, the one where they had charmed Snape to dance for a Weird Sisters song… the list was endless. As they came to a standstill in the Great Hall, each one lost in their own thoughts, James knew one thing: They weren't going to have a safety net anymore. There wasn't going to be anymore fooling around. The ever-darkening world waited for them out there, but the one thing he knew was they would survive, as long as they were together. i felt i could have done better with this one... not quite satisfied. perhaps i'll come back and edit it sometime later on.