I wanted to pass the title to you or another Master?" Harry looked down at the top of Bishop's desk. He didn't want to look at the man's eyes and see that twinkling that reminded him of Dumbledore. Unbeknownst to Harry, the man's lips were twisted into a disturbing smile. "The same thing I would be asking for as payment for the offer I will make you." Harry looked up at the man again, Bishop's smile having changed, looking to Harry like a grinning cat who just found a pinned rat for himself. "My offer is this, Harry. I am the Master of Time, he who controls its flow. Just as I can speed it up and pause it, I can rewind it. The Master of Life has already allowed me to give you this offer, and I am sure you will not refuse. I will rewind time for you. I will bring you back to just before your introduction to the Wizarding World, no earlier and no later. In return, you will make sure that the Master of Time who has control during your time period becomes the Master of Death. He will know what to do when the time comes, and he will assist you." Bishop let out a deep sigh, his eyes closed. "If you choose this option, I apologize well in advance for his behavior." His eyes snapped back open, glaring at Harry with a strange intensity, the twinkle gone. "That said, if you chose to simply give up the title, you would be sent back to moments before your death instead, only to die again, this time for good. The result would either destroy you, or send you to the afterlife, to your," Bishop looked as if he were going to be sick as he spoke, "next great adventure." Bishop visibly shuddered, as if the phrase itself were a nasty curse or hex. "Now, the choice is yours. Call for me when your decision is made." Bishop stood, his desk and chair fading from existence, leaving the glasses of water and bowl of crisps floating in front of Harry, as if the desk was still there, and he left, leaving Harry alone in the empty white space. Harry sat in the chair, staring at his clenched hands as he thought over his decision. He could continue as the Master of Death, living an apathetic existence with no real fulfillment that separates him from his friends and family for eternity. He could also take the gamble of giving the title up in what seemed like the standard process for the Masters... or he could take the offer and go further back in time. He would have to endure the harsh treatment of the Dursley's again, but he would have a chance to keep his friends alive this time around. His thoughts traveled to everyone he lost thus far: He thought of Cedric, killed when Voldemort first returned; To Sirius, killed by Bellatrix in the battle at the Ministry; to Remus, killed by Antonin Dolohov; of Dumbledore and his guiding hand in Harry's life, despite how manipulative he may've been; of Fred Weasley and the Weasley family in general, who he considered his own family; and of Hermione, who stood by him throughout everything even when everyone else turned against him; and even of Snape, who gave his life to protect Malfoy and himself. What would they say he should do? To Sirius and the Weasley twins, they'd probably tell him to go for the long run and pull one over on Voldemort, Sirius saying he should have had a long life. Remus and Hermione would probably try and weigh all the pros and cons of each option, with Hermione wishing she could possibly research anything about the Masters. Ron and Ginny and the rest of the Weasley's would probably tell him to take the long option, saying they'd still be there right with him again and again. He thoughts moved to Ginny, his last thoughts before he thought he'd die by Voldemort's hand. Those thoughts alone might've normally motivated him, but if he did go back in time to try and fix things, he would have to deal with her shy fan girl stage, something he would not look forward to, should he make that decision. After a long time deliberating, Harry finally sighed, really only coming up with one real option. He may not like the Dursleys, but he could save the most people by going that route. He would save Cedric, he would save Sirius and Remus, Fred Weasley wouldn't die, and neither would Ron or Hermione. He was determined to keep as many of them alive as he could. Standing, Harry called out for Bishop, who stepped out of the bright white light ahead of him like a phantom. "You have come to a decision." It wasn't a question. Bishop was smirking, reminding Harry too much of Malfoy. He nodded, not needing to say anything more. Bishop knew what he gave him, seemed to know about his 'saving people thing' as Hermione called it. Bishop straightened up, his arms seeming to tense behind his back as he stood tall, towering over Harry, noticeably taller than Ron. Emerald green met Olive green, and Bishop nodded once. "You will be meeting with the Master of Time relative to your own time shortly after you arrive. As I stated before, I am sorry about how they will act. While I am centuries old, they have only experienced decades. Follow their instructions, and you should be fine." He held out a hand for Harry, the ethereal echo gone. "Good bye, and good luck, Mr. Potter." Harry firmly grasped the man's hand and shook it, before Bishop stepped back and Harry was surrounded by swirling sands and ticking clocks. The sand flowed upwards, while the hands of the clocks moved backwards, each tick echoing through his head continually, the sand burying him until all he saw was darkness.