he left the kitchen. Mrs. Potter looked up at her son and smiled. "He's right, sweetheart. There will always be next year. Now, when shall we go get your supplies and you still have to write back to Hogwarts letting them know you'll be attending." A few months later in Diagon Alley The Evans' family followed Professor McGonagall as they walked through Diagon Alley. Professor McGonagall told them that Lily's seven years of tuition would be paid in full by the school, but they would need to pay for all of her school supplies. After going to Gringotts to exchange their muggle money for wizarding money, Professor McGonagall showed them from store to store and helped Lily get her supplies. They first went to Flourish and Blotts where Lily got all of her textbooks and then headed over to Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions where Lily was fitted in her Hogwarts robes. The next stop was Potage's Cauldron Shop and Scribbulus Writing Instruments before heading to Ollivander's where Lily received her wand, 10 1/4" made of willow with a core of unicorn hair. After getting her wand, Professor McGonagall lead her family to Eeylops Owl Emporium before excusing herself to go help another muggle family. Lily wandered up and down the aisles of owls looking at each one. Her parents and Petunia were waiting outside for her as the shop wasn't very big. She had stopped in front of a beautiful tawny owl and was watching it when she heard a voice next to her. "Pretty isn't it?" Looking over to the voice, she saw a skinny boy with messy, jet black hair and brown eyes that shone bright behind a pair of round rimmed spectacles. She nodded shyly before turning back to the owl, not noticing that the boy was still standing there watching her. "Are you starting Hogwarts?" His voice pulled her out of her gaze at the bird and she nodded again. "Do you speak?" She nodded again and then let out a small laugh. He laughed too before running through a hand through his already messy hair. "Sorry, I must be scaring you. I'm James, James Potter." He stuck out his hand and she shyly shook it. "Lily, Lily Evans." After stating her name, she turned her attention back to the tawny owl which had flown over to her shoulder. "She likes you." James noted and Lily giggled, slightly frightened of the bird on her shoulder. "Are you a first year?" James looked at her as she interacted with the bird. "Yeah, are you?" James nodded. "I'm hoping that I'll be placed in Gryffindor. The rest of my family has been in Gryffindor. What house do you think you'll be placed in?" Lily looked at him curiously. "House? I'm sorry, but I don't understand." James blushed as he realized she was a muggle-born. "Sorry, you must be a muggle-born. Hogwarts has four houses. Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart. Slytherin, where dwell the cunning. Ravenclaw, where the knowledgeable are found. Hufflepuff, where dwell the loyal." Lily nodded after his explanation and then contemplated each of the houses. "Well, I'm not exactly cunning or brave, but I am loyal and intelligent so maybe Ravenclaw?" James nodded back at her. "Ravenclaw's a good house, but I think you'd be a Gryffindor seeing as you were brave enough to not freak when that owl landed on you." Lily blushed and then looked at the owl on her shoulder. "I'm sure they do this to everyone so I can't be brave." She turned back to look at James who shook his head. "I wish. They rarely do that. Even the owls my family has back at home don't do that. Either that bird really likes you or you've got a thing with animals." Lily blushed again and then thanked him. "Lily dear! Have you picked out your owl?" Lily looked up as her mother walked in. "Sweetheart, we need to leave soon.. Oh, hello there. I'm Lily's mother and you are?" James stuck out his hand. "James, James Potter. Sorry for keeping Lily, we were talking." James turned to look at Lily and smiled. "I guess I'll see you when term starts Lily. I'd better go before my parents wonder where I am." He waved good-bye to Lily and her mother before exiting the shop. "Well wasn't he a sweet gentleman." Mrs. Evans turned and looked back at her daughter who was staring off in the direction the James had just walked. "Did you find an owl dear?" Lily snapped out of her gaze and nodded to her mother before motioning to her shoulder where the tawny owl sat. Together, they went up and payed for the owl, a cage and some treats before meeting her father and sister and heading back home. "James, dear! There you are! Where have you been? We still have to get you your robes, wand and owl?" James smiled, his mind wandering back to the red haired girl with emerald green eyes he had met in the Owl Emporium. "I've been looking at the owls, mum. I met another first year there." His mother looked up from her list to stare at him. "Oh, really? Who? Anyone we would know?" James shook his head. "No, she was a muggle-born." His mother looked back at him with greater interest. "A muggle-born? She wasn't with a guide?" James shook his head again. "No, she was looking at all the owls. It was weird, mum. She's a muggle-born and one of the tawny owls just up and flies over to her shoulder. I've never seen an owl do that before, even to a half-blood or pure-blood wizard." His mother looked up very interested. "Really? Well, that's fascinating. Did you find an owl that you'd like while you were there?" "No, I was too busy watching her interact with the tawny owl and talking her to look." His mother laughed as she walked towards Madam Malkin's.