stood before her subjects and replied with fury: I have not spend a single day, Bonny and bright and merry and gay, And though I am vicious as a viper, I do not hurt, I am no sniper, To all those who touch the stem. I have no thorns, I am no gem, I do not bloom in blood, I am not water, possess no flood, I flower in winter but am no rose. If I must be anything, then I propose: Call me fire, the throes of passion, In my grief, I am ashen. But even then, still I burn, Dance and change, at every turn, Until I come undone, And everything, everything, is gone. I shall let you warm your hands, All of you, on my lands, Refuse to let you starve to death, As long as I still possess a breath, I shall be the fire of the stove, Give everything in my treasure trove, To feed my people dear. And if one day, a foe will knock, On our gate, troops on the dock, Then do know: I have killed a King, Upon my hand, I bear his ring, And I shan't hesitate to do it again, To protect my women and men. No more horrors you shall face, This I swear, to the holy Grace. Let it be known to all of the lands: This country is once again in our hands! Ginny journeyed to the Dark Court, and before the eyes of her people, she drove the Sword into the Stone. ''The one who pulls this sword from the stone and anvil, shall be the rightful heir of my throne, servant of the people.'' She ruled for many years, proudly bearing the name of Arthur's line. Because though she was not descended from the King of old, her father was called Arthur, and there was no shame to be found in bearing the name of a kind man. She never wedded another, and spend her days creating a country where the horrors she had grown up with were nothing but tales to the children. And when the time came, For her to say goodbye, To wait for the flame, Of her life to die. The storyteller, the Prince, The man with glowing eyes, Young and ripe as quince, A departed soul in human guise, Eyes green as fir, Stood at her bed, And asked her, To tell her best story yet. She beamed at him, And took his hand, Cherished the limb, Her love grand. Her soul slipped from her bones, Shrugging them off like a cloak, Losing all her earthly tones, And then they rose with the smoke. Finally, together. Authors note Hi, everyone! This story was quite something! I edited out about 1k of clutter words, unnecessary additions that interrupted the story and tweaked so much that I swear I rewrote the first draft about two and a half times. But it's here! I'm proud of it, actually. But do tell me if anything is not clear- I have the tendency to sort of ''hide'' the clues in my stories because I don't want to spoil everything, but sometimes that goes too far and it's not clear what exactly is happening anymore. The story was inspired by the song ''Castle'' by Halsey. Daniel in the Den by Bastille also fit the tone of it pretty well in my opinion, but I'm not sure in what measure that actually inspired me. The part where Ginny talks about Charlie ''liking horses more than women,'' is based on a quote by JK Rowling. Someone once asked if Charlie was gay, to which her answer was that he was not, just ''more interested in dragons than women.''. This led to the belief that Charlie is an aromantic asexual, though this was never stated outright. I choose to believe, though! There was an alternate ending, in which, instead of describing Ginny's death, I had a poem from the point of view of the people in the land long after she died. I didn't use it in the story in the end, but in case anyone is curious, here it is: The green-eyed story-teller, Lonely in his cell, Imprisoned beneath the wine cellar, The dungeon where the wronged dwell, Silent in their sleep. He spins tales like a spider, Spins the silk for its web, The gap may seem much wider, But watch the tide, wait for ebb, And see; it's all connected. A future queen lost her heart, To the broken man, But forced to be apart, For she had to save her clan, By giving the King her hand. To this day, we tell the stories, The story-teller spoke, To the queen of all these territories, whose love he did invoke, And love them dearly, both. I originally didn't plan to let Harry die, but when I got to that point, I realised I couldn't bring myself to do anything else. It felt like a betrayal to the stories topic to end it differently. Because while this is very much a story about two people and their relationship, Ginny was first and foremost my protagonist. And I wanted to give her a happy ending, I really did, but what I love about Ginny is this: She's strong, without stopping being human or a woman. When Harry was on the run she didn't go cry in the corner- she rescued Hogwarts students and led a resistance with Neville. And that was what I wanted to show: someone human, someone who could break, but had the ability to stand up and fight time and time again. I hope I succeeded in delivering that message. Edit: Pottermum mentioned I could do an alternate ending so I wouldn't stop Ginny's story, but still get the happy ending! I'm currently considering at which point the alternate ending will start. It will be published as a second chapter to this story! I hope you enjoyed it, and constructive criticism is always welcome!