are things you haven't told me, you crafty old tabby cat," he stated, stepping in front of her at the apparition chamber door. Minerva sighed. "It is not my story to tell, Severus," she replied The Potions master huffed. "At least tell me why the bastard who made her pregnant did not do the right thing!" The headmistress watched her friend's eyes, and she saw concern in them. "It was an impossible situation. I understand your concerns, Severus, unmarried witches are not well received in polite society, and at present the public at large does not know of Alice's existence." "It will not be pretty when they do find out," Severus replied. "Yes, and worse than you think," and she glanced back through the sitting room door. "It's the reason that Hermione hides." "What? She hasn't been out in public since her daughter's birth?" Severus hissed. "What is she planning to live life as, a kind of nun?" "She already does," Minerva put in. "She glamoured herself through her pregnancy, while she worked for me at Hogwarts, but well," and she shrugged. "I best allow her to tell you the rest." "How did she sustain her injury?" "That's also part of the story, Severus. It's not my place to tell you." He sighed. "Very well. Good day, Minerva." "Severus," she replied, and she was gone. Turning back towards his sitting room, Severus found himself on the back foot. This particular witch deserved the very best of everything for what she had given up for the wizarding world, yet she was about to face more vitriol than she ever had. He paused in the doorway and watched her gazing down at her sleeping child, and something inside him shifted. The little girl had raven curls, and the sudden thought hit him that she could easily pass as his daughter, as the remainder of her features were her mother's. These thoughts made him clear his throat quietly, and Hermione looked up, but her soft smile did not fade as she looked at him, and that was when he realised that Minerva McGonagall was far more devious than he'd given her credit for. She'd placed a witch in dire need in his path, knowing how lonely he was, and how easily he would form an attachment to a like-minded person, even if she was a Gryffindor. He walked into the room once more. "I am surprised that Minerva has parted with you," he commented. "Surely there is a lifetime's work for you in the Hogwarts collection?" "Yes, there was still much work to do there, but Madam Pince was starting to become a little possessive of her collection." "Mmm," Severus intoned thoughtfully, but kept his thoughts on the Hogwarts librarian to himself. "Well, I have much for you to do. I'll show you to the suite of rooms I've prepared for you and Alice." He watched her trying to struggle to her feet. "May I?" he asked, holding his hands out to scoop Alice up for her. "Oh… umm," and her lip went between her teeth. "T-Thank you. Umm, yes, t-thank you." Severus heard the uncertain tone in her voice. "Are you certain it's all right?" "Yes, it's just that n-no one has ever offered to help before. Well, apart from Minerva and Poppy." "And you didn't expect the first person outside that arrangement to be me?" he stated, slipping his arms carefully under the little girl. "N-No, I have no expectations of anyone really, but I will protect Alice aggressively if I feel I need to." A sudden thought invaded his brain, was this how she'd been injured? "Were you injured protecting your baby?" "Yes, you could say that," and her mouth pinched. "It was while I was pregnant," but then she went silent. Severus started leading her toward the stairs he'd descended to meet them. "Are you able to manage stairs?" "Yes, but slowly." He started ascending. "May I ask what happened?" "I was hit with an in lapidem curse." "That is a nasty spell," Severus replied. "Did the individual who cast it realise what they were doing?" "Yes." "What part of you does it affect?" "My left ankle and foot, but it missed Alice," she stated. His raven eyebrow rose. "Were they aiming for Alice?" "Yes, I ducked out of the way, only I wasn't fast enough to get my foot out of the line of the curse." "Did the caster know you were with child?" "They did it because I was," Hermione told him plainly. To say that Severus was shocked was an understatement, but only mild surprise registered on his face. However, even he stopped walking beside her and just looked at her when she added with a little smile, "But they were sorry for cursing me, and they did not get to keep the news of my pregnancy." "You Obliviated them?" "Yes," she answered. "They would not have stopped until they'd killed m-my baby, she interfered with their so-called perfect family. I only informed the father out of consideration, I did not want anything from him, but he did what he usually does, he blabbed. Anyway…" she shrugged, and looked around, realising that she'd told him more than she'd meant to. "Wow, I've never told anyone that much of the story," she gasped. "Then I am honoured," he replied. They'd arrived in a very feminine set of rooms, and Hermione's attention was taken by that. She followed Snape into a room and watched him place Alice in a white cot. "I'll leave you to settle in. I'll be in the library when you've freshened up. It's the double doors on the floor below." "Very good," she said as she watched him turning to go, and she placed her hand gently on his arm. "Thank you," she added quietly. Severus incline his head to her, but remained silent, he was uncertain why he'd been so moved by what she'd just admitted, and her thanks now seemed very personal.