smart was a little better but still deceptively meant misleading so it wasn't like she'd know either way. Lily slowly turned the next bit of information over in her mind, not the best home life… but fiercely loyal. Her entire body froze as a thought struck her. Remus hadn't said he just spent time with the guy but that he spent a lot of time with him. There was only three people that Remus spent a lot of time with besides her and she'd already ruled out two of them. The third was one she knew Remus thought was funny and who got perfect marks despite his devil-may-care attitude, who's 'not so good home life' had lead him to be disowned this very year but who was still fiercely loyal to and protective of his friends. Lily slowly pulled herself upright, eyes staring across the abandoned library. Remus chuckled, eyes never leaving his essay, amused and reassured that Lily had given up trying to guess. "Worked it out yet?" he teased. The sound of his voice jolted her out of her reverie and she whipped a hand out to clench around his wrist her intensity wiping the smile from Remus' face. "I know who it is." "And he's so smart," Sirius moaned, drawing out the 'o' until the word was five times its original length. "I mean he always complains about how I don't have to study to get good marks but he's so much smarter than I am. Than I'll ever be." "Uh huh," James murmured back. As far as Sirius' dramatic episodes go this is pretty good, sprawled on the floor with his head pillowed on James' knee as it is. Sirius' refusal to say a name hadn't stopped him from waxing lyrical about this mystery man and about how Sirius didn't deserve him for the better part of an hour. James was slowly growing restless with the meltdown but still interested enough to latch onto every bit of information as it was revealed. "And he's so pretty, gorgeous really, like the sunset," he whine and James nearly drew the line there, wanting to slap his friend out of the trance he was in. But this was his best friend, the same who had listened to him rant about one Lily Evans and the glorious colour of her eyes and silky texture of her hair so James shut up, renewed his focus on the infuriatingly vague details Sirius was tossing his way and wondered if it was worth summoning the bottle of firewhiskey stashed under his bed. On the floor Sirius was growing more distressed, voice growing harder and all thoughts of firewhiskey vanished from James' mind. "I mean he's so perfect, but he just doesn't see it," Sirius growled and raked a hand through his tangled hair. "I mean who cares if he's a fucking werewolf." There was a beat of absolute silence, where even the crackling fire seemed to stop moving. Then Sirius bolted upright, mumbling under his breath while a gleeful expression appeared on James' face. Sirius buried his face in his hands, muttering a now muffled litany of "oh shit" into his palms, effectively hiding his face from his elated best friend. Said best friend who leapt to his feet and danced around the common room while Sirius cursed his very existence. "Sirius likes Remus. Padfoot likes Moony," James sang jubilantly to the empty room. "Seriously, Remus," Lily groaned, watching her friend's sheepish smile with a fond sort of exasperation. "Sirius. Out of everyone, you had to like Sirius. The most juvenile boy in our grade?" "What about James?" Remus countered with a small smile. "Besides what was it that you said." The werewolf tapped a finger to his lip, pretending to think hard. "'The heart wants what it wants?' Was that not what you were telling me fifteen minutes ago?" Lily groaned into her hands but had to admit that he had a point. "I guess I'll get used to him eventually. Once you tell him how you feel." Remus' face fell so quickly that Lily had to blink to be sure that she was seeing right. "No." "I don't see why this is such a problem," James panted, finished with his circuit around the common room and sprawled back on the floor. "You tell him how you feel, our dear Moony swoons in your arms and you both live happily ever-" "Not, not happening. Not in this lifetime," Sirius cut in, looking at James like he was crazy. "I'm never going to tell him. You're not going to tell him. He's never going to know about this, I'll be doomed to eternal bachelorhood, watching as he marries some bird and pops out a couple of Remus Juniors," he finished, staring moodily into the fire over his bent knees. It this had been any other time James might have commented on Sirius; ridiculous dramatics. But he was too busy taking his turn to look at Sirius like he was the crazy one. "What are you on about, mate? Why wouldn't you tell Moony how you feel? It'll be fine. Why would he have a problem with-" Remus scribbled furiously at his parchment, probably doing more wreckage than actual work but unable to care while Lily gaped at him like he'd taken a turn off the deep end. "Remus," she said carefully. "You've got to tell him." "And lose the best friend I've ever had? Not likely." "You can't honestly think he'd have a problem-" "No he won't have a problem with me liking boys. But you can't honestly think he'd feel the same way and then things would just be awkward and I can't lose him. I'd rather have him like this than not at all." "But how can you be so sure-" "Because Moony likes girls," Sirius exploded, his voice reverberating around the empty common room. "Because Padfoot likes girls," Remus moaned, his voice a harsh whisper destined only for Lily's ears.