glared at Isobel from across the room and Isobel purposely didn't meet her eye, looking toward the teacher and waiting for direction. "Today," Snape begun in his usual drawl, "you with successfully brew a perfect Laxative Potion." "Bloody hell," Neville whispered. Hermione's brows crinkled for a moment—they weren't supposed to learn that potions yet, she didn't think—but smiled with confidence anyhow. She could execute this just fine. Snape's head turned in the direction of the shy brunette Neville. "Complaints…will not help you. I expect all potions to be completed in no less than twelve minutes." This earned a collected groan. Only Isobel, Hermione, and two others smiled to themselves, confident in their brewing skills. Dean didn't make a noise knowing his partner and her excellence and felt secure. That was another thing—though Dean Thomas, as well as everyone else in Potions class here, was ahead of her by year, they were all in the same age range. And while Hermione is known at excelling in all areas of magical academics, potions and brewing was Isobel's specialty, though she didn't dare flaunt it. Though Isobel came in an entire year later than she should, she caught on fast. One of the first to notice this was Professor Snape himself, and had requested that she be placed in an advanced class for her talent. "Two spoonfuls of billywig sting slime," Isobel read from the textbook aloud, her finger following along under the instructions. Dean grimaced, passing her the large spoon and doing his best not to touch the slime residue on it. She grabbed it, unfazed, and added the required amount inside the cauldron. She peered inside and watched it begin to bubble. Dean joined, leaning over the opening from the other side of the table. "What next?" he asked, looking up from watching the cauldron. She read the next step aloud. The collection of all the students created an ambience of clattering metal and corking bottles and boiling liquid. This went on for some time, the students trying to brew the potion correctly and flipping through textbooks. Some were doing fine, some were nervous; there was a minor error when one cauldron fizzed over. Isobel monitored the flame under her and Dean's cauldron and was so focussed she didn't notice her hair had moved from hiding her bruises. Dean had to do a double-take when he looked over at her from crushing porcupine quills. He faltered. "Um…" She turned down the fire and waved her wand over the opening of the cauldron. The tip of her wand glowed a faint purple for a moment as the potion continued brewing. "So, uh, what's the deal with your neck?" Isobel paused. "Pardon?" "Uh…" Dean thought about his choice of words. "I mean, like, who gave it to you? 'Cause Pansy was right, it does look pretty bad." He held his hands up in surrender when she squinted her eyes at him, irked. "I'm not trying to be mean!" "One more minute left," Snape announced. Isobel stared at Dean with a questioning stare and when he didn't move, snatched two crumpled ingredients from the table. Her hands went busy, cursing under her breath as she prepared and then added the amount to the brew. "Well first off, I didn't know it was everybody's business . Second," she held up a finger for emphasis, still not looking up. "If you must know, apparently I'm allergic to boom berries, since someone thought it was funny to add some to my lotion this weekend." She lied with a straight face. She still hadn't looked up at him. Dean clicked his tongue. He didn't think much of it—it did sound very believable, being in the same house as the infamous trickster Weasleys. Across the room, Harry had looked up, having overheard Dean's failed attempt to whisper. No one noticed and he listened intently for Isobel's response. The area along the sides of her neck was horrible, littered with dark bruises but the most prominent being a large nasty one close to her collar bone that was obviously a hickie. It wasn't that far into the day and the girl was already getting heckled. But Harry released a a sly chuckle when her answer drifted to his ear. He wiped his hands on his pants when Hermione called his attention back and he turned back to their station. Parvati had to be called for her attention too by her partner, Neville. A Slytherin boy almost elbowed a valve when he was eavesdropping too hard. Dean studied Isobel for a second longer after her answer, not sure whether she was lying or not and whether to call her out about it. However, the narrowed arch of her brows told him to leave it be. For the last remaining minute, the students rushed to finish at their stations, getting the right measurements, and making sure the potion worked in the last of 60 seconds. Isobel glanced over in time to see Dean's disapproving look and before she could put the stirring spoon down and state something about what she did with her time was for her, Snape called that time was up. The remainder of the class was spent on their professor going around to each station and testing the potion, awarding with compliments and points and insulting those who had done wrong. Dean was almost a foot and a half taller than Isobel and she knew that he could probably see the bruise-like mark from his height. It wasn't covered that well by her hair and she played with her ponytail, purposely disrupting his view of it that she knew he was still trying to see. When the teacher came around, she puffed out her chest, satisfaction radiating from her. Dean's hands shoved in his pockets, knowing the few points Gryffindor would receive for her, yet again , well brewed concoction. A/N: This is planned to be drama-filled with graphic bits throughout the chapters. Try to figure out Isobel's escapades.