of what she was going to say. This was her brother we were talking about. "Well, I'm not sure what to say and I don't think that I can really comment on this 'cause it's all up to you in the end Hermione. But I will say this. Maybe you need to take a break. Tell Ron that you need to get away for awhile and just figure things out. You wouldn't have to explain anything to him because it's really not his business. Maybe go to Australia to find your parents and spend some time with them before coming back with them. The only thing I ask is that if you do decide to go find your parents, please talk to an adult in the Order. I'm not talking about Ron or Harry. I mean Kingsley or my parents because even though the war is over, there's still Death Eaters out there and I know that you are more than capable of taking care of yourself, but I would feel better if an adult was in on this because maybe they could help you find your parents." I was about to answer her when she cut me off. "You don't have to answer right now. In fact don't. You need to think about this." I closed my mouth and nodded. "Thanks Ginny." Ginny waved me off and pulled me in for another hug. "It was nothing. That's what best friends do. Now come on, we've got a castle to fix." I smiled as i let her drag me out of the room to go find Harry and Ron. It was a couple of days later and we were all at the burrow, relaxing after a long week of repairing. Harry and Ron were in the middle of an intense game of Exploding Snap and Ginny was sitting by Harry, her arms wrapped around him, watching. Everyone seemed busy so I went into the kitchen. I had thought over what Ginny had said and it made perfect sense. So I was going to do it. Step one, talk to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. I found Mrs. Weasley in the kitchen, like usual, cooking up a storm. She noticed me as soon as I came in. "Hermione dear! How are you? Do you need anything?" I shook my head, sitting down at the table, noticing Mr. Weasley was also there reading the Prophet. "I'm good Mrs. Weasley, thanks." She smiled. "It's no problem dear and call me Molly." I smiled. Mrs. Weasley was always trying to get me to call her Molly, but it just didn't feel right to me. I sat at the table a little longer, before summoning my Gryffindor courage. Here goes nothing. "Can I talk to you Mr. and Mrs. Weasley?" Mr. Weasley looked up from the Prophet and folded it up, setting it on the table in front of him. Mrs. Weasley turned from what she was cooking, made sure it wouldn't burn and walked over towards the table, sitting down by her husband. Before I began, I took out my wand and cast a Muffliato and a couple other charms to keep the others out. I turned back to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley who were looking at me curiously. "Sorry, it's just I haven't told anyone about this and I'd rather not tell it to everyone yet." They looked at each other before nodding, my cue to begin. And I did. I told them everything, well everything about my parents, and when I finished, I felt a whole lot better. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley looked at each other and took a couple minutes to process and breathe. "Wow. Hermione, that's quite a heavy load, but we're thankful you told us. Now, I'm assuming that you want to go to Australia and find your parents and bring them back, right?" I nodded and Mr. Weasley continued. "Well, I'm going to talk to Kingsley about this, if that's alright," I nodded. "You probably already assumed this, but you're not going to be going to Australia by yourself. There's still many Death Eaters on the loose and while you are more than capable of protecting yourself, Molly and I would rest easier knowing you had someone with you." I nodded again. Ginny had already hashed this out, being very firm in her stance. "I know that you would probably like to leave at the earliest convenience, and we will try to make that happen, but the earliest probably won't be for another couple of weeks. So for the moment, just relax and take some time to prepare and get ready. I'll talk to Kingsley about it and we'll let you know once we've figured it all out." I nodded again, my eyes beginning to water. I was going to get my parents back. I stood up and walked over to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley giving them each a hug. "Thank you both so much." Mrs. Weasley smiled at me. "It's nothing dear. We'd do anything for our adopted daughter." I smiled and gave a weak watery laugh, giving Mrs. Weasley a hug again. She released me, shooing me out of the kitchen telling me to go rest up before dinner. My smile was more free and real as I walked back to the living room. It was actually going to be happening. I was getting my parents back. I told Ginny about it later that night and she squealed before pulling me in for a hug. "Oh Hermione I'm so happy for you!" I laughed as she began to dance around the room. This little burst of happiness was just what the doctor ordered. There you have it! Chapter 1 of an amazingly long journey… Well, hopefully not too long. I promise I will try to finish Chapter 11 of the Jily as soon as possible, but do keep in mind that I have finals and will be studying my butt off. Anyways, please Review! ~ . .kids