on both sides of me. " And a few of our older students ought to know by now, too. "Mr. Filch, our caretaker, has asked me, for what he tells me is the four hundred and sixty-second time, to remind you all that magic is not permitted in corridors between classes, nor are a number of other things, all of which can be checked on the extensive list now fastened to Mr. Filch's office door. "We have had two changes in staffing this year. We are very pleased to welcome back Professor Grubbly-Plank, who will be taking Care of Magical Creatures lessons." I was disappointed at Hagrid's sudden disappearance, but didn't dwell too long on it. Grubbly-Plank had won over a lot of students, mainly girls, last year with her unicorn lesson. I was partially included in that lot. "We are also delighted to introduce Professor Umbridge, our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher." I certainly wasn't very impressed with this particular lady. She was dressed head to toe in obnoxious pink clothes that clashed with the black robes of Professor Snape, who sat beside her, had ordinary curly brown hair that barely touched her shoulders, and shrewd looking eyes that counteracted the sweet smile on her face. And was she giggling up there? "Tryouts for the House Quidditch teams will take place on the — " "Hem, hem." I must've been imagining things. There's no where this new teacher had just cut off the Headmaster like that. I was prove wrong when the Headmaster abruptly stopped talking, looking inquiringly at Professor Umbridge, who I hadn't noticed get to her feet and looking for the world like she was about to give the greatest speech known to Man. Her standing hardly compensated for her lack of height. It was like she was still sitting anyway. "Damn, that woman is short," Lee whispered. The Twins nodded in agreement. "Look at the teachers," I pointed out lowly. "They don't look very amused." Sprout's eyebrows had disappeared completely into her flyaway hairline and McGonagall's mouth was as thin as I had ever seen it. Even Snape's eyebrow was arched in disbelief. "That woman obviously doesn't know how Hogwarts is run here," someone to my right muttered furiously as Dumbledore stepped away from his podium to watch Umbridge alertly as she walked around the Head Table and took his place, looking as if he would love nothing more than to hear her talk as she addressed the student body at large. "Thank you, Headmaster," Professor Umbridge simpered, "for those kind words of welcome." Her voice was almost painfully high-pitched and sugary. I wondered if she had to work to make her voice sound that falsely sweet. I had to hold back a wince as it practically grinded my eardrums and made my head hurt. "Well, it is lovely to be back at Hogwarts, I must say!" She smiled, revealing teeth that, now that I could see them better, were actually a bit pointed. "And to see such happy little faces smiling up at me." I can assure you, lady, that I was not smiling at you and a quick glance around me showed that everyone else was of a similar mindset. "I'm sure we're all going to be very good friends." "That's likely," Muttered the Twins under their breaths. I elbowed them both in the side, but there was little force behind the action. "I'll be her friend as long as I don't have to borrow that cardigan," Parvati, who was sitting diagonally from me, whispered to Lavender. Both girls lapsed into silent giggles, their shoulders shaking. Professor Umbridge sent the three looks, her eyes barely concealing the irritation that I had no doubt that she was feeling, though her smile didn't falter. "The Ministry of Magic," She began, "has always considered the education of young witches and wizards to be a vital importance. Although each Headmaster has brought something new to his historic school," here she gave a nod to Dumbledore, who returned the gesture politely, "progress for the sake of progress must be discouraged. Let us preserve what must be preserved, perfect what can be perfected, and prune practices that ought to be prohibited." She gave a honeyed laugh that was so obviously false, I was surprised her face wasn't pinched with tension from the effort of faking such a laugh. Dumbledore led the room to applause, most of us only clapping once or twice to be polite. The teachers were just as enthusiastic as we were, their claps even less animated than ours. "That was a load of codswallop if you ask me," Lee said as Dumbledore continued his earlier announcements. "What's that woman's deal anyway, sprouting all of that stuff off?" "That's not hard to figure out," I said, frowning at our new Professor. "She works for Fudge, doesn't she? We all know how much Fudge loves Dumbledore right now and this woman comes out of nowhere to teach here? That's not coincidence." "I have a feeling she's going to cause a lot of future problems here," Predicted Fred. His brother nodded in agreement. "She undoubtedly will," I said. "The Ministry is making a move on Hogwarts. This won't end well for anyone if this is the person Fudge sent in to watch us." This year was going to busy. I could tell already. Author's Note: I'm honestly very nervous posting this, but I'm taking the chance for it! Reviews would be ever so helpful in letting me know if it's passable to you amazing people or if it's a load of shite that needs to be burned and taken down! Any feedback would be greatly appreciated, but I beg that it be constructive and not flaming for the sake of flaming. That will help nobody at all except for your satisfied ego of tearing down a nervous author. Question for this chapter: What is your opinion on Umbridge, good or bad? See you in the next chapter! ~OQ