moved, because, somehow, she could feel Harry's eyes on her, but she couldn't find it in herself to meet it. Mrs. Figg eventually led them back to Privet Drive and walked with them up to number four's door. Mrs. Figg told Harry to go inside and stay there, no matter what, and that he would receive word from someone soon. "Mia, I'm going to wait outside for you," she said to the brunette. "Once you and Harry get this loaf settled inside, I want you to come right back out, and I'll take you home. I'm not taking the chance of leaving either of you two alone." "But—" "There's no time, Harry!" she said. "Someone will be in touch soon, but until then you need to stay in the house. Go on, and hurry up, Mia." Mia nodded and then she and Harry quickly walked up the garden path before ringing the doorbell. It only took a moment for the door to open, and they were greeted with the sight of Petunia Dursley standing in the entrance, wearing her blonde hair in a neat bun, with a white and yellow sundress on, her thin hands fanning her face. "Diddy! About time too, I was getting quite—quite— Diddy, what's wrong?! " Dudley was looking incredibly green at this point, and he was beginning to sway on the spot. Moving fast, both Mia and Harry hurriedly ducked out from underneath his massive arms just in time, for at that moment, Dudley keened over and vomited all over the doormat. "DIDDY! Diddy, what's the matter with you?" Mrs. Dursley shrieked, throwing her arms around her precious baby boy. "Vernon! VERNON!" In a matter of minutes, Vernon Dursley came waddling down the front hallway, and then he and his wife hoisted their sick, weak son down the hall and into the kitchen. In all the ruckus, no one seemed to notice Harry or Mia as they slipped inside, closing the door quietly behind them. The Dursleys ushered Dudley into the kitchen, where they kept asking him what had happened. "Why are you covered in dirt, darling? Have you been lying on the ground? Are you ill?" "Hang on—you haven't been mugged, have you, son?" "Phone the police Vernon! Phone the police! Diddy, darling, speak to Mummy! What did they do to you?!" "Who did it son? Give us names, we'll get them, don't worry." "Shh, he's trying to say something Vernon! What is it, Diddy? Tell Mummy!" Then, from the crack in the kitchen door, Mia heard Dudley's strained, trembling voice mutter only one word. " Him." Oh no… "BOY! COME HERE!" Before either of them could make a move, the door leading into the kitchen burst open and Mr. Dursley stood there, his face beat read and his beard twitching dangerously as he glared daggers at Harry, his hands curled into fists. "Get in here, now," he snarled, his teeth bared. "And you girl—you get out of my house this instant! Now!" "Don't talk to her like that," Harry nearly growled, narrowing his eyes. "She is not welcome in this house," Mr. Dursley said. "Not her or her abnormalities! You and your kind sticking together, how do I know she didn't help you torment my son?! Leave now girl, and you keep your freakishness away from my family!" " I said don't talk to her like that!" Harry snapped, his expression furious and his grip on his wand tightening so much that his knuckles were turning white. Remembering all too well what had happened the last time Harry had lost his temper with his relatives, Mia stepped next to Harry and placed a hand on Harry's shoulder, staring at him pleadingly. "Harry, please," she whispered. "It's okay, I'll go. It's okay…" She tried to make her voice as soothing as possible, not wanting to get him in any more trouble with his uncle then he already was. Harry was breathing heavily, and it took a few seconds but he soon relaxed his stiff muscles, casting one more angry glare at Mr. Dursley before turning to look at her. "It's okay," Mia repeated softly. "It's better if I go. Everything will be fine, all right?" Harry's eyes softened a great deal while he looked at her, and she could see something like guilt and another strong emotion swirling through them, making the beautiful emerald color she has grown to love so much lose some of its light. "Mia, I…" "I know," she mumbled, giving him a sad smile. "I'll talk to you soon." With that being said, Mia gave Harry's shoulder a comforting squeeze before she turned around, opened the front door, and stepped outside where Mrs. Figg was waiting for her. "Come on, now," the old woman said as Mia closed the door and made her way over to her. "I have to get you home and then I have to wait for instructions." "Okay," Mia muttered, walking side by side with Mrs. Figg as they made their way across the street to number two, where she could see the shapes of her parent's shadows behind the window curtains. A frown made its way onto Mia's face and she couldn't help but groan loudly. Mum and Dad are just going to love this… Read and review please! I know this chapter seemed a tad bit darker than others I might have done, but I wanted to try something a little different with the beginning of this story, I hope you guys liked it. I know this silence between Harry and Mia is odd, considering how close they are, but Harry goes through a lot in this book in general, and he's going through a time when he feels isolated and alone, and of course, Harry being Harry, sometimes he feels as if he can best deal with things alone. I just made this happen earlier than expected, but worry not dear readers, the next chapter will makes sure things get better between them.