through a dark tunnel so that they were right under the castle. They got out of the boats, and were waiting for Hagrid to lead them on, but he was checking the boats to make sure that nothing was left behind. It was a good thing, too, because he pulled a toad out of one of them. "Trevor!" the round faced boy cried He took his toad from Hagrid, and then they all marched up to the castle together, following the large man through another tunnel cut through the rock. This time, there were torches along the walls, so it was not as dark as the last one. When they reached the end of the tunnel, they were in front of a large pair of oak doors. Hagrid slammed his large fist against it three times, and then the doors opened to reveal an aged witch in emerald robes. Hagrid introduced her as Professor McGonagall before she then led them inside where she explained what their life at Hogwarts would be like. Then she left them until the Sorting Ceremony was ready. They all stood in the entrance hall, talking to each other until something happened that made everybody shout. Ghosts were streaming through the walls, talking to each other. Something about a person named Peeves? Then one of the ghosts noticed them. It turns out that most ghosts represented a certain house. Before they could talk more, Professor McGonagall returned, and they continued to the Great Hall. It was full of students, each sitting at four tables. As Harry looked at the ceiling, he saw that it looked just like a night sky. "It's bewitched to look like the sky outside. I read about it in Hogwarts: A History ." Hermione whispered to me They then all stopped walking as they reached the front of the hall. They saw a stool with an old hat sitting on it. Harry was worried that he would have to do some charm on it, like pulling a bunny out of the hat. But then the hat did something that none of the First Years expected. It started to sing. Near the end of the song, it revealed that all they had to do to be sorted was put the hat on. He heard the red haired boy say that someone named Fred had told him something about wrestling a troll. With all their worries away, they began to be sorted. They began to go through all the kids, alphabetically by last name. When it was Hermione's turn, she gave Harry's hand a squeeze and then walked up to the stool. Harry had not realized that he had been holding Hermione's hand all throughout the trip to the school. When she sat on the stool, Harry heard the hat call out "GRYFFINDOR!" Harry was surprised. He had expected her to be put into Ravenclaw, where the students were known for being smart. Neville was also put in Gryffindor, and a little while after him, they got to the little weasel named Malfoy. The hat had barely touched his head when the hat shouted "Slytherin!" Then, it was a short while until his name was called. He could hear everybody whispering. As he walked to the stool, he tried to appear as calm as possible. When he sat down, the hat covered up most of his head, going down below his eyes. "Hmm, difficult. Very difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. That's talent, oh my goodness, yes- and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that's interesting… So where shall I put you?" the hat muttered Not Slytherin… Not Slytherin… Was all Harry could think at the moment. The hat must have been able to read his mind, because it started to speak his thoughts. "Not Slytherin, eh? Are you sure? You could be great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that- no? Well, if you're sure- better be GRYFFINDOR!" Harry smiled as he walked over to the table on the far right. He sat next to Hermione and we all waited for the sorting to be done. The red haired boy that was in the boat with Harry and Hermione was also sorted into Gryffindor, making the two of them groan. After him though, the sorting was over, and they all looked to Professor Dumbledore. "Welcome! Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! Thank you!" Harry just stared at the Headmaster for a few moments before Hermione nudged him. "Aren't you going to eat anything?" She asked Harry turned around and saw that the table was now full of delicious looking foods. Harry started to pile a little of everything onto his plate. Harry and Hermione did not talk much while they were eating, only speaking to offer each other different foods. Once the feast was over, and desert had been served, Dumbledore stood up again. He told the students that they were not to go into the forest on the grounds, that they should not use magic in the corridors, something about a game called Quidditch, and that they should stay away from the third floor corridor on the right-hand side was forbidden to anyone who did not wish to die a painful death. That part made Harry nervous. Why would they have something at a school that could kill the students that happened upon it? Maybe it was the package that Hagrid had gotten from Gringotts on Harry's birthday. Whatever it was, Harry was too tired to think too much about it, and followed the other Gryffindors to their Common Room. Before they parted, Hermione gave Harry another hug, then they both went up to bed. Without much talk, Harry and the other four boys in his dormitory fell asleep.