giant man give Harry a kiss on the forehead. Immediately after that Hagrid began to howl, reminding Kyrios of a dog that had been wounded. " Shhh!" McGonagall shushed Hagrid with a hiss, glancing round at the darkened houses and especially at Number Four. "You'll wake the Muggles!" Nevermind the sleeping child. Let's not wake the non-magicals to let them discover your sordid affair. Kyrios thought bitterly, watching as the giant stammered out a reply only to be led away by McGonagall. Dumbledore resumed his walk towards the stoop, garnering the vampire's attention as he set the child down and tucked the letter into the boy's blankets. Once he rejoined McGonagall and Hagrid the three of them just stood there, staring at Harry in silence. " Well, that's that. We've no business staying here. We may as well go and join the celebrations." McGonagall seemed rather put out by Dumbledore's statements, but the magical woman was still staring at Harry on the stoop, her lower lip trembling. " Yeah. I'd best get this bike away. G'night, Professor McGonagall—Professor Dumbledore, sir." Hagrid wiped his eyes on the sleeve of his jacket then climbed back on to the bike. He kicked the engine into life and with a roar that should have woken the sleeping child, as well as the sleeping non-magicals in the area, it rose into the air and Hagrid flew off into the night. " I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall." Dumbledore gave another congenial smile and nodded at the upset woman who merely blew her nose in response. Eyes twinkling, he turned and walked back down the street where, when he reached the corner, he took the silver device back out from his robes. He clicked it once and all the street lamps lit back up, casting an orange glow over Privet Drive. He glanced back down the street to see the now cat-formed McGonagall turn a corner at the other end of the street. His gaze slid to the bundle of blankets, now barely visible but still on the stoop of Number Four. "Good luck, Harry," was murmured just before the man turned and with a swish of his equally purple cloak he winked out of existence. Dropping down from the tree as he shifted back to his human form, which was truly only half of Hagrid's size, he landed in a crouch. He stood at about six foot one, had an evenly tanned tone to his skin and his dark hair was long, down to the middle of his shoulder blades and cut so that only there was a swath of it down the center of his head. McGonagall's presence had fully disappeared at this point, so he carefully got up and approached the low brick wall that separated Number Four and Number Six's yards. He stepped over it and quickly went over to the stoop where little Harry Potter still slept. His hazel gaze swept over the babe's features, lingering on the still bleeding scar for a few seconds. It was disturbing. That Albus Dumbledore would practically abandon this child on his relatives' doorstep with little more than a blanket and a letter to explain his appearance was far more abhorrent than what he had witnessed of the family over the day. The scar would definitely need to be tended to, and while, as a vampire, he did drink blood, it wasn't such a necessity for him and the smell of it now wasn't even doing anything to him. Kneeling down, he carefully eased the child into his well-muscled arms, his build easily matching that of a Greek statue. Harry didn't so much as make a sound as he held the boy to his chest, a long-forgotten feeling welling up in him. He remembered his own sons that he had held back when he had been human, and just as protective of them as he had been then did he feel the same for this Harry Potter. He wouldn't dare leave this boy with the non-magicals that McGonagall had been so against him going to, regardless of them being his last living relations. They were more likely to harm the boy, and Kyrios was not one to let a child suffer at the hands of others. "I'll protect you, Harry Potter, with my life and all of the power at my disposal." Surprisingly there was a bright flash that enveloped them, which had him squeezing his eyes shut temporarily. A warmth seemed to suffuse in him, one that radiated love and acceptance. The love was directed toward the boy, that much he was able to tell, and he seemed to tingle a bit as the warmth faded. Opening his eyes, he gazed down at the child in wonder, starting to think that maybe he was a bit wrong about what had happened with Voldemort. Thunder sounded overhead, followed by a brief flash of lightning, and the rain began to fall. Cursing under his breath, he took off the simple dark brown jacket he had been wearing and wrapped the still sleeping Harry in it, giving him an extra layer of protection. Once that was taken care of he made his way out of the yard with Harry. Little Whinging was thankfully just to the south of London, and he could travel at a fast enough pace that would see them in London and at a hotel in at least twenty minutes. Whether it was a stroke of luck or pure coincidence that he had chosen to rest in a tree overlooking the front yard of Number Four of Privet Drive in Little Whinging, Surrey was something that mattered little to him, though it would later be the subject of a vicious debate. What did matter was that the child had been left on the doorstep of Number Four with little more than a baby blanket and a letter on a night that promised rain. That mattered a lot, and it was unforgivable.