charge against Harry. "And the terms of expulsion," the chairing prefect asked. "The duration of the tournament or until such time Potter apologises for his dishonourable conduct," Angelina retook the centre stage. Harry couldn't have phrased it any better than she did. He would have saluted her if he could. "No punishment," Katie added with conviction, earning glares from Angelina and Ron. The mode of punishment was decided by voting on the suggested punishments, a friend of the defaulting party could suggest a token punishment or none at all and that too had to be voted upon. "Any more suggestions?" the prefect called for the vote. This time, the vote was closer than earlier. "As per the decision of this House Assembly, Harry Potter you have been found guilty of dishonourable conduct unbecoming a member of this noble house and on multiple counts of rule breaking resulting into loss of house points and thereby jeopardising the hard earned points of others. By the powers vested in me as the chairperson, in accordance with the wishes of and conditions set by this house assembly I hereby expel you from this noble house for the duration of the Tri-Wizard Tournament or till such time you apologise for your dishonourable conduct. Under the terms of your expulsion; you are forbidden to wear the house colours and the house crest and you are forbidden to sleep in the Gryffindor tower. You may join the house table as a guest during meals, visit the tower accompanying at least one friend before curfew and attend your classes alongside the members of the house; however, you are not to represent the house in any manner whatsoever. So mote it be,' With that she tapped her wand to his crest and his robes turned black like they were before the sorting. "For what it is worth, I would like to say I am ashamed of the behaviour shown by most of the house. I am sorry Potter that I had to chair the assembly which expelled you. I had no reason to believe that you were at fault and after the year before last year, I had hoped that we could have stood by one of our own, rather than ostracised them. This isn't the behaviour of prideful lions rather a pack of jackals," The prefect addressed those present. Many hung their heads in shame, however, most wore defiant faces. "I would like to offer my assistance for the preparation of the tournament. I am a skilled duellist and have a good grasp of transfiguration, maybe I could be of help," she offered politely. Harry looked surprised at her offer. "What? I wanted to enter the tournament, but if I can't then I would like to help the one who would win," she offered by way of explanation. "Thank you. I might take you up on your offer," Harry paused to recall her name, but couldn't. "Amanda. Amanda Moore. It must be something else to never have to introduce yourself, eh...' Amanda commented with a bemused look. "It does make introductions one-sided, Miss Moore," Harry replies evenly. "Call me Amanda, no need to go all Victorian era on me." "Here, take here your trunk Potter," Ron slammed his trunk by his feet. "I should be leaving. I will call on your help," Harry made to leave. "Sure. Do you know where you will sleep or maybe I could speak to the head boy to let you board with him," Amanda offered? "No, I shall be fine. Hogwarts is a big castle. But thanks all the same." As Harry left through the portrait hole; George, Fred, Neville and Katie made to follow him. They caught up to him just outside the portrait. "Harry, I am sorry for Angelina's behaviour. She wanted to enter the tournament, when she couldn't she was heartbroken but with your participation, she just snapped," Katie offered an apology. "It's all right Katie. I'll get by. Thanks for the vote of confidence, though," Harry replied. "Err… it was nothing. That's what friends are for," Katie blushed. "Where will you sleep?" Neville asked. "Somewhere in the castle where no one else has been," Harry answered mysteriously. "Careful Harry, we have explored the castle more than you," Fred replied. "After all, we were the ones, who bequeathed the marauders' legacy to you," George continued. "So we know the castle better than them." "Keep deluding yourselves. I must be going. And once again thanks for your support," Harry said. They all wished each other goodnight as Harry left. He took the shortcut, connecting the Chamber of Secrets to Godric's Chambers. Harry hadn't been able to locate the chamber; according to Salazar it had the same protections as that of Chamber of Secrets. Therefore, only an heir of Godric Gryffindor could gain entry. A/N: there will be a number of original characters and canon characters behaving differently. However, I will try not to let any inconsistency to creep in the sequence of events and development of the characters. However, I might make liberal use of Flashbacks, since I prefer a non-linear approach, but still provide the requisite explanation. I edited some of the mistakes that I had made earlier, and by gods they were many. Nevertheless, if people have any corrections or suggestions, please feel free to make them. The opening isn't as good as it should be, but I don't know how else to do it. It's a major information dump; maybe I should have done that in author's note. Salazar is so chatty with Harry because as a portrait he doesn't get many living people who would pay him as much attention as Harry seemed to pay. I believe any collection of individuals needs to develop some form of mechanism for social control and made stuff up. Also given that the Houses have been around for nearly a thousand years, I thought that they will have some thing in place to reflect the qualities that the Houses value.