witches have been trying to produce something along that line for millennia! And when I asked him how he had managed it, he just called it a lucky accident!" She actually did giggle this time. Purebloods- so close minded. Of course none of them could have managed a potion like that- there wasn't a drop of ingenuity among them. Wizards could affect large body parts with potions, but any other than pure destruction or basic physical healing was beyond them when it came to smaller and more delicate organs- eyes, for example. She could probably have devised such a potion if she was inclined to waste months of her life on it. So, it was rather impressive that the wizard hadn't had much difficulty, assuming he was telling the truth. Which he probably wasn't, if he said it was a lucky accident. Evidently, he was hiding something; whether it was important or not was yet to be determined. "My Lady?" Avery asked, clearing seeking her opinion or approval. "This is very interesting information," she said. "However, I don't see how this is relevant to me." She wasn't lying. While the potion he had created was undoubtedly a masterpiece, she had no need of eyesight correction and neither did any of her 'friends.' "My Lady," Avery continued. "I asked him about the spells that he had used in the exam, but he refused to tell me. He did say that Macmillan was of the opinion that they would revolutionize law enforcement. I believe you should recruit him, My Lady, before he can assist the pathetic aurors. Of course, they still wouldn't be much more than a nuisance to you, My Lady, but all the same, you should still take preemptive measures." "Do not tell me what to do," she hissed, smirking when he again stammered denials. "However, you have suggested a plausible course. What is this man's name?" "Harry Evans, My Lady." She ran a hand through her midnight black hair. Of course. Because every time things were going well, fate had to throw a wrench in her plans. "Very good," she said, letting none of her distaste show. "You may leave, Marcus." "Thank you, My Lady." Avery exited the room after taking one last sweeping glance at her body, focusing more than anything else on her chest- yes, she'd known where he was looking practically the entire time, at least after she'd let him rise. While she didn't feel the indignation that most women would at this conclusion, her lips still thinned and she felt vaguely frustrated. It was the same way with the rest of her Knights. Literally all of them were men, and it showed in their complete lack of subtly as they ogled her. No, she wasn't frustrated because they generally took to staring quite rudely and blatantly at a place men were generally not supposed to stare at- or at least not supposed to be caught staring at- on anyone but their lover, and even then, only in private. Her body was a tool to be used and if it kept all of the mindless, drooling animals in line, all the better. No, she was frustrated because it clearly showed the lack of inhibitions, intelligence, or any form of common sense in her loyal followers. No- now was not the time to be lamenting the stupidity of her followers. Now was the time to be figuring out what to do about Harry Evans. /l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\l/l\ A/N: The first third of the chapter is a prologue, really, and the lack of dialogue is not indicative of the rest of the fiction. No, 'she' is not omniscient. There is a reason why she knows of Harry- I probably just gave it away by saying that- and if anyone manages to guess it- by being awesome or reading carefully- they get an invisible and intangible cookie. I left far more than enough clues. Same goes for anyone who can guess fem!Riddle's first name. And no, this isn't an attempt to scrounge up ideas. I've already come up with it through some rather simple and logical reasoning, along with a very tiny bit of research. Anyone who can guess both gets TWO invisible and intangible cookies. Three if anyone can guess both those and the reason why Riddle 'met' Harry in the way she did- Riddle's reason, not mine. I added that part at the end about Riddle's view on her body to show that while there are some ways that she, and even this dimension, are different from canon, in others, there's practically no noticeable difference. Like both this Riddle and canon Riddle's view of their body as a tool. Though Tom doesn't have quite the same problem with his followers in canon because many if not all of his followers are straight and not interested in pasty white, red eyed, vaguely humanoid things. Of course, there's always Bellatrix. Harry's finally shaking off his depression, which is why he's only just starting to look for 'Tom' and into 'his' actions. Bet it'll be a shock when he realizes an . . . essential difference between here and his own time, as well as the fact that he also traveled through dimensions. I've really got my work cut out for me, getting Riddle in a genuine relationship with Harry, getting her to a mindset where she's not just using him. But I've got a couple of ideas on how to go about it. I will readily admit that this fiction is cliché in a couple ways, but hopefully not overly so. Clichés aren't all bad. And some are fairly inevitable when writing a fanfiction with a farfetched premise and an elusive pairing. If you enjoyed this chapter, remember to favorite and follow. If you have any specific comments, positive or negative, please review. If you have something that you don't want to waste your review on or just something you don't feel fits in a review, PM me with your concerns/questions/ideas.