a heart attack waiting to happen. Pressing her damp hand to her thudding breast to hold in her heart, she peered through the shelves to see who had interrupted her love-in. Oh. My. God. Hermione blinked to make sure she was seeing things correctly. Lucius had somebody backed against the wall of the alcove that surrounded the door. His long blond hair was unmistakable. She couldn't see who the other person was. Someone tall. And Dark. Male . . . or an incredibly tall woman. The shadows made identification difficult. She'd never seen such a furious snogging before. "Ding dong ," she whispered under her breath. She had no idea that her hiding spot in the library came complete with a peep show. Her conscience chastised her spying, but her pussy would hear none of that. Too bad brain . I'm in charge now. We're watching, and that's final. Lucius's partner gained the upper hand and pinned him against the wall. Her heart stammered, pounding out a trippy timpani. No one had ever kissed her like that, and her lips knew they'd been missing out on something spectacular. The other person grabbed Lucius's face and pulled back for air, both of them panting hard and staring into each other's eyes. That hand. She knew that hand. Her mind flashed back to her days at Hogwarts, sitting in the dungeons, watching her professor caress a cauldron as it cooled. No way. She squinted into the darkness. Well no wonder she could barely see him—he was all in black. Snape's pale hand slithered down to Lucius's trousers and palmed his package with a firm caress. Hermione's eyes bugged out as he rubbed the other man like a magic lamp. Morgana's molting magpies! How long had this been going on? Did Draco know that his father was fucking his old professor? The questions rolling through her mind were inconsequential compared to the waterfall between her legs. She was ready to start humping the shelves. And she would have done it too if she hadn't been terrified of being spotted. Severus pulled back from Lucius and walked to the couch, as if he'd suddenly decided he'd had enough snogging for one night. Her clit pouted with disappointment. As they moved out into the light of the fire, she could see much more clearly. Snape sat on the couch, cool and unaffected, apparently bored for some unfathomable reason, and Lucius went to the liquor cabinet to pour their drinks. The amber liquid colored each cut-glass goblet as they filled, and Malfoy took one to Snape. Sitting down next to him, Lucius started talking. Their conversation was so quiet she could hear nothing but the rumbling resonance of each vowel and the broken pulse of each consonant. Lucius put his hand on Snape's thigh, and Hermione—and her rabid clit—perked back up. This was a masterpiece. White and black. On a black leather couch. Leather. Why was her brain so turned on by Snape and Lucius displayed a background of leather? It conjured up so many delicious possibilities. And she was starved for a hearty helping of deliciousness. Her stomach lurched with a pang of hunger. Although she was often struck by a desolate sense of loneliness now that most of her friends had married, for the moment, her inner ache was purely physical. Her body longed for a warm hand between her thighs, a kiss on the neck, the weight of a body atop hers. Someone to want her. Why was it so damn hard to find a good man? One who fancied books and music. One who capped off a night of incredible sex by kissing her forehead and holding her till she fell asleep. One who was sweet and interested in her day . . . but fucked her through the mattress when she needed to let go. Was that too much to ask? And she'd been disappointed to discover that wizards were not the perverts they purported to be. None of them knew what she wanted. And she didn't know how to tell them. It was all so embarrassing to say out loud. Frustration and sex had become synonymous in her mind. Men acted as if her pussy and breasts were the only erogenous zones she possessed, but it was her brain that needed the tickle. She was turned on so easily. Imagination was her lubricant. Anticipation could get her dripping without a single touch. Just a suggestion. It was all she needed. And now she had been flung into a sea of suggestion. Snape and Lucius made excellent kindling for the sexual bonfire building in her brain. She watched in fascination as Lucius stroked the Potions master like a comfortable lover. She couldn't quite see exactly where his hand was going, but she was pretty sure he was lingering in Crotchville. Or at least that was story her pussy liked to believe. Gnawing on her lower lip, she tipped her head to one side and peered through the books, trying to get a better view of the action. "What'cha lookin at, Granger?" Chapter notes: Private Eyes by Hall and Oates. Written by Sara Allen, Janna Allen, Daryl Hall, and Warren Pash.[link on AO3] "Ding dong" was totally stolen from Bridget Jones's Diary, which I was watching while editing this. Props to Helen Fielding for that. I'm sure she didn't invent the phrase, but she did make me love it. *Edit* One of my brilliant readers has told me where "Ding dong" came from. "BTW, Ding Dong is one of those catch phrases that infiltrated British language a good many decades ago, as uttered by Mr Leslie Phillips [link on AO3] although usually a little more suggestively than in that clip. It is perhaps more appropriate because he was also the voice of the Sorting Hat :D" Thank you again, Dawn EB :) More on the winged victory (and pictures if you're not familiar with the work). [for wikipedia link please visit AO3]