seam drawers. And a corset. Yes. His brain bubbled with bright ideas. His naughty nymph was sure to earn scads of dirty discipline—she just couldn't keep her hands out of her slippery little cunny. He might have to find her a stout chastity belt to deter her busy fingers. Oh, she'd love that. Now that he knew where the roots of her lust lay, he could capitalize on her carnal ideations and make their anniversary festivities a scorcher. Does my licentious little lioness need a good dose of frock coat fornication? Let's get you set up then. Severus summoned the full-length mirror from the corner and stationed it directly in front of them. She stilled. Pulling one hand from her tight grip, he gathered her hair to the side so he could watch the show. Severus kept his right arm across her body, the black of his sleeve draping her like a sash. He tightened his grip and locked her back against his chest. Their eyes met in the reflection, and he gave her a knowing smirk. Yes, love, I've got your number, don't I? His left hand slid along her side, appearing at the top of her leg. She watched as it slithered over the soft skin of her inner thigh. Sinking his fingers into her flesh, he forced her leg to the side. She gasped, but he didn't give her much chance to breathe. Rocking his hips in a gentle but persistent rhythm, he showed her just how lovely she looked with his cock buried in her backside. Her eyes locked between her legs, and she spread both thighs for a better view. They could both clearly see his thick shaft gliding in an out of her like a piston, shining with lube and flickering in the warm glow of the fire. Severus reached down and spread her labia with two fingers. Her folds gleamed gold in the firelight, blinking to pink when the flames guttered and popped. Pressing his lips to the back of her ear, Severus ordered her to keep her eyes on the mirror. His finger dipped into her depths, and he felt the slow slide of his cock through her back wall. Curling his finger, he found her hotspot and firmly flexed his fingertip along its bumpy contours. Her moan was delirious. She pulled up her feet and braced them along the edge of the seat. No, no , he admonished, laughing in his head. I'm not staying. I'm just gathering some provisions. Dragging his hand from her dripping slit, he lifted it to her mouth and reapplied a fresh coat of satin gloss. She watched him in the mirror, whimpering at the sight of his finger and cock thrusting in tandem. When her tongue was sufficiently sweetened with her own nectar, he turned her face to his and plunged into her mouth. Her squeak of surprise was incinerated by the heat of their kiss. She lifted her hand and hung onto the open edge of his coat with a backwards grip, twitching in time with the beat. Severus searched her oral cavity for every trace of musky cream. They battled one another, ravenous for more. He brushed the tip of his tongue along the roof of her mouth, and she sucked his probing muscle between her lips like a candy cane. When she sounded short of breath, he pulled back to let her breathe, but he didn't let her rest. Severus latched onto the side of her throat, laving her carotid and drawing a hot sting to her skin with some deep suction. She cried out, and her head lolled to the side. He stayed there until he knew she'd be wearing his mark for at least a week. When he released her, an amethyst cabochon decorated the side her neck. He'd give her an anniversary-appropriate eleven love bites before the night was over. She'd be covered in his signature. Severus kissed her cheek and then shifted his gaze to the mirror. She looked dazed and debauched, her legs lewdly spread and her breasts jiggling with each bump and grind. She'd given up clutching his coat, but she'd poked her pinky through one buttonhole, and by keeping it curled, had anchored herself to her favorite article of clothing. Her arm hung limply, secured only by her hooked little finger. Severus smiled and pinched her left nipple with his right hand, using his arm to pin her even tighter to his body. She writhed in his grip, but he wanted her to feel his strength. She was ready to come, and nothing pushed her over the edge like a little restraint. His other hand cupped her muff, and he lightly polished her pulsating pink pearl. As soon as he whispered the words "come for me," she jerked wildly in his arms, shouting his praises to the ends of the earth. He'd be surprised if the whole Slytherin common room couldn't hear her screaming his name. Her muscles clamped around him, and her tract undulated along his length. He now knew what it felt like to be hooked up to a milking machine. Severus grunted her name as he exploded in her depths. His cock throbbed, countering every delicious squeeze of her sphincter with a propulsive surge of semen. His entire body tingled as if a current of electricity had passed over his skin. When his bollocks were drained dry and her anus ceased its prolonged shudders of gratitude, Severus kissed the side of her damp face. They should bathe. He was sweating like a racehorse, and he needed to make sure his cock was clean for further celebration. Her forehead was misted with exertion and satisfaction, so he was sure she'd appreciate a cool shower as well. He wanted to fuck her against the tiled wall. And maybe again in the tub. They could spend the afternoon having a wet and wild orgy in their own personal water park. Steel didn't rust after all.