had when they were dancing downstairs. Although she didn't say anything, that seemed like a direct order, and he was more than happy to oblige. Curling his fingers around the sides of her pink panties, he edged them down her hips, slowly exposing her dark-blonde mound. Sweet Circe. He'd seen plenty of pictures, but pictures, no matter how animated, didn't do reality justice. This was love at first sight. And the scent was like nothing he'd ever experienced. Harry and Ron had both assured him witches smelled amazing, but Seamus and Dean had warned him to hold his breath. Seamus and Dean must have been off their rockers. This was bloody fabulous. He wanted to root though her slit like a Niffler in a goldmine. Tossing her underwear aside, he settled between her legs and looked up at her for instruction. Luna smiled and combed her fingers through his hair. "I'm already wet, so you can just go right in." "With my fingers?" "If you like," she said easily. "Your tongue sounds quite nice though." It sounded better than nice. It sounded like Christmas dinner and birthday cake and Honeyduke's all rolled into one. Taking a deep breath, which made him a little high, he gently parted her lips with two fingers, spreading her open so he could see what smelled so damn good. Whoa . Playwitch was not this detailed. Or wet. His cock instantaneously resurrected, shrilly pleading for some penetration. He reached down and trapped it against the bed. Would you be quiet, I'm trying to concentrate. Harry had explained the basics, so he knew the nub at the top was her clit. He just had to lick that till she came. Easy. Except if it were that simple, witches wouldn't complain about men being shit in bed. There had to be some talent involved. Pressing his lips to her clit, he gave it a testing kiss. Blimey, it was hot down there. " I'm chilly ," his muffled cock shouted. Shut up, you. Tentatively, he stuck out his tongue and drew it over the glistening pink pearl bejeweling her sex. "Oh," Luna whispered. "Was that all right?" "Yes. It kind of tickles. Do it again." A bit more bravely, Neville lapped the musky juice from her folds. "Yeeesssss," she hissed, sinking her nails into his scalp. Smiling to himself, Neville began to lick everything in sight. Maybe this wasn't as hard as he'd thought. He tried a tirade of tricks: swirling circles, up and down, side to side, poking, S-curves, alphabets. After five minutes of that, it felt as if his tongue had run a marathon. Peeking up, he was disheartened to see her looking totally calm. "You don't seem very excited." "It feels lovely, but something isn't quite right." "What?" "I think I need you to stay on my clitoris." "I can do that." "And keep a steady beat. Nothing fancy." "How fast?" "I'm not sure yet. I'll tell you when you get there." "Okay." That was easy enough. All girls should come with such simple instructions. Hovering over her tasty clit, he began to lap her like a dog at a water dish. "Pretend you're snogging it," she suggested. "Put your mouth on me." Sealing his lips to her flesh, he combined snogging with lapping, which was much less strenuous than his dog impersonation. "Slightly to the right," she murmured. "There! There! There!" Neville smiled, happy to hear her so passionate. "Just a liiiiittle faster." He knew when he'd hit the right speed, because her hips set into motion like someone had switched on her hula hoop mode. "Oh . . . Neville . . ." She paused to gasp several times. "Please don't stop." If he could learn how to breathe pussy, he'd never come up for air again. Her hand tightened in his hair, and her respiration became shaky and short. Neville's body tensed, sensing the moment had come. "I'm really close," she whispered. "Don't change anything, okay?" He'd be as precise as an atomic clock if that's what it took. Closing his eyes, he focused on maintaining speed and pressure. This was his chance to prove himself to her, to show her he could be everything she needed. Her thighs drew up and tightened around his head, her heels digging into his ribs. She stopped breathing. Her hips began to tic up into his face, and he fought to follow her lead without losing the rhythm. "Nevi—Ahhhh!" His pulse rushed, roaring through his veins and pounding in his ears. He was soaring. Never had he felt so proud . . . and relieved. It was like catching the Snitch to win the Quidditch World Cup while also experiencing the warm joy of giving someone the perfect gift. He immediately wanted to do it again. As the tension faded from her body, she mumbled, "Slower," and Neville gradually eased up. When her muscles went slack, she took in a deep breath and heaved it out in a whoosh. "Holy macaroni." Neville knew just what she meant. "Come up here; I need to hold you." Neville kissed her clit goodbye and climbed up beside her. Smiling, Luna rolled against him and stroked the side of his face. "That was brilliant." "Definitely," he agreed with a kiss. "Mmmm," she giggled. "You taste like chicken." He smirked. "Love, if chicken tasted as good as you, I'd weigh as much as a house by now." Luna smiled and snared his hard-on in one hand. "You want to go again? There's so much more I want to try." "I'm at your service, my lady." "Can you stay the night?" "Of course I can." She buried her face in his neck and pulled him in for a hug, sighing softly into his skin. Neville grinned. He'd earned that one. Kissing the top of her head, he responded with a happy sigh of his own. Love you. A tender double squeeze to his cock assured him the feeling was mutual.