a fallen cloak with a wand not for off. They found the body of their friend fallen to a side. James and Sirius went to check on their friend, while Lily checked on her son. "He is safe. A little bleeding from the forehead that will leave a scar, but it's better to get him checked by Madam Pomfrey," Lily said apprising them of Daniel's condition who had stopped crying as soon as he was back in his mother's arms. "He's gone," a teary-eyed James informed his wife of their friend's state, he himself couldn't believe the words leaving his mouth. Sirius sobbed by his friend's side. "Peter, it was Peter. That rat betrayed us. I am going to kill the bastard," Sirius said with a snarl. "Padfoot, not now. We need to make sure Daniel is fine and we also have to check on Harry. We will hunt the rat once we inform the Order," James said in a firm but soft tone. They went to the Longbottom Manor, where they were greeted by other Order members. James and Frank brought all those present up to speed as Sirius angrily stalking in the background. A hunt for Peter was organised with Frank going to inform the Aurors while Dumbledore went to investigate Godric's, Hollow. Lily and James went to his mother's. Euphemia had gone to sleep after putting the children off to sleep. The door was opened by Adelaide Greengrass who had been visiting her Aunt with her own daughter, Daphne, for a play date with Harry. "James, Lily, is everything alright?" a concerned Adelaide asked as she ushered them in. Both of them appeared distressed. "Voldemort attacked Godric's, Hollow. We weren't there, but Daniel and Remus were," James said tying to suppress the rising emotions. "Is Daniel alright?" Adelaide asked as she offered them water. "He is fine. He's sleeping at the Longbottom Manor. We just came to check on Harry," Lily informed her. She couldn't bring herself to say that Remus was dead, the loss still heavy on her mind and she didn't want to call James attention to the fact, it was hard for her she could only imagine how harder was it for James. "He is asleep upstairs with Daphne by his side, they fell asleep playing. Should I get him?" Adelaide offered. "No, please don't disturb them. We just came to check. I will go upstairs for a bit," Lily said as she moved past their host. She had to see for herself, she knew Harry was safe, but she needed to see it herself. "How's mum doing?" James asked Adelaide. "She is doing fine. You should visit more often. There are only so many times I can come," she told him in a reprimanding tone. "I know. I know. But with the war, it's difficult to visit here without drawing the wrong kind of attention," James said running his hand through his hair. "Wars can wait, not family," she glared at him. "I think I will have more time now. We are not sure, but Dumbledore thinks Daniel somehow defeated olde snake-face," James informed her. "I should hope so. The children notice the tense atmosphere," Adelaide sighed. "I think things are going to get brighter from now on. It won't be easy, it won't be the same, but I hope it gets better," James said in a solemn voice. Nothing could be the same for a man who had lost two of his closest friends, one murdered and the other turned a traitor. But he hoped with Voldemort gone, there wouldn't be any more fear. It will take the time to rebuild but he was certain that they could and they will. "Take care of Euphemia, James. Losing Fleamont was hard on her; it's only Harry that kept her from withering away," Adelaide said softly to her cousin of sorts. James was the only son of Fleamont and Euphemia Potter, while she was the only daughter of Charlus and Dorea Potter. "And you and Daphne. I will, but I will need your help," James said with a tired smile. "Don't you always," she grinned back. "I will check on my wife and son. Don't mind to sneak a peek at my daughter-in-law too," James said with a grin. "You sound like those old aunts at every social gathering. Just don't be disappointed when they don't marry. You weren't there when I announced my engagement to Euphemia; she expected the two of us to get married," she said with an easy smile, aware that James wasn't feeling the humour he was trying to find. Something dire must have happened, what it was she didn't know, but she wasn't going to force James to talk about it if he didn't want to. "Don't tell Lily, but every time I put him to sleep I sing to him that he must marry Daphne," James mock whispered. "James, stop it. Go to your wife, she needs you," Adelaide said. Today wasn't the day to banter; they will have other opportunities to do so. "Adelaide, thank you," after a grateful smile James left to find his wife and son, he too needed to be in Harry's presence. A/N: Yes, this is one of those fics where Harry is the older brother of BWL. As you can read, Harry wasn't even present at the time so there is no question of it being a wrong BWL. I don't like the cliché where Harry is discarded in favour of his famous sibling. Parents are not bad to one child and good to another, either they are good to all their children or bad for all of them. Read and review. I changed the chapter a little. Instead of God-siblings, I made James and Adelaide cousins of sorts. JKR threw quite a curve ball when she named Harry's grandparents. Charlus and Dorea had been assumed as the grandparents by fans and there are a number of fics which still maintain that.