question leave his mouth before he could stop himself. Potter's smile turned mischievous. "Not telling." He said and looked at his fingernails. "Potter!" Draco frowned. "I thought Gryffindors were all about fair play. I told you now tell me." "I think you're mistaking Gryffindors with Hufflepuffs Malfoy. Besides, I have some cunning as well." He raised an eyebrow and the blond gulped. That look couldn't be good, but he was so curious. Who did Potter smell? He had to know or it would eat him up inside. At least he would be prepared to see it in the papers or hear it from someone if he knew ahead of time. Maybe then, it wouldn't hurt so much. "I'll tell you, but you have to do something for me too." Draco narrowed his eyes. "What do you want?" "Nothing crazy. I want you to go for a walk with me. After dinner tonight." A walk? That was it? He could do that if it meant knowing who Harry Potter was in love with. "And you have to actually talk to me." The brunette added. Draco sighed and rolled his eyes. "Fine. After dinner. In front of the Entrance Hall doors. Nine." Draco replied trying to seem as bored as he could with his heart threatening to break his ribcage. It sounded like they were going on a date . Potter grinned. "See ya then, Malfoy." He stood up and walked out as the bell rang leaving behind a very suspicious and excited Draco. "Stop fidgeting or I will strangle you Draco Malfoy I swear." Pansy said exasperatedly as Draco once again straightened his robes. He couldn't help it. It was eight fifty-five and he was so nervous he was bound to spontaneously combust any minute, he was positive. Pansy had agreed to wait with him since he could barely hold a spoon at dinner his hands were shaking so violently. "He's not showing up. This was all a joke I can feel it. I bet him and Granger and the Weasel are somewhere under that stupid cloak of his laughing at me. Why did I agree to this?" He covered his face with his hands. "Sorry to diappoint." Draco's head snapped up to the top of the steps where Potter stood casually. "Byyye." Pansy whispered as Potter descended the stairs. When he reached Draco he bumped his shoulder. "Lake?" He asked jerking his head. Draco nodded. The two walked in somewhat comfortable silenced until they reached the waters edge, their shoulders bumping every so often and sending electricity down the blonde's spine. It was a warm night, the surface of the pond only disturbed by a tentacle splashing every now and then. "So, when did this whole," The Gryffindor gestured awkwardly between them, "thing start?" Draco tried to pretend he wasn't blushing furiously. "Such grace with words Potter, are you a poet?" He asked and smirked when he noticed the mirrored blush but continued. In for a Knut and all that."If I'm being honest with myself? Fourth year." Potter's step faltered a bit but he kept walking. "Huh. So the 'Potter Stinks' thing was pulling pigtails." He mused and there was a smile playing at his lips. "I suppose you could say that." Draco was beginning to pray the giant squid would sweep him up and drown him so he didn't have to face this horribly embarrassing conversation. "So if you fancy me, why have you been trying so hard to ignore my pretty obvious attempts to flirt with you?" Potter was frowning as he plopped down onto the small hill they were on. It looked out over the lake and almost all of the castle. Draco loved this spot. He sat down and huffed. "Malfoy?" The other boy pressed. "Because I figured you're pulling my leg. It's a joke to you or your bored or something, alright?" He snapped. He didn't want to be doing this but Potter was so frustratingly persistent. "I wouldn't do that." Draco turned to look and there it was plain as day. Potter wasn't messing with him. He had that same open and honest, beautifully innocent expression he had when he talked to everyone else. A face that until recently, hadn't ever been directed at him. Draco had to look away or he'd never be able to collect himself again. He could fall apart under that gaze. He looked down at the grass. "Why would you think that?" Why would he think that? Why wouldn't he? "Because... You being interested in me just doesn't make sense. I've been a horrible person for a long time, especially to you. And you're just so very… good. In every sense of the word. That's why I…" The Slytherin trailed off. He couldn't finish that sentence. He couldn't say it out loud. There was a long silence as they waves of the lake gently pushed up against the shore. He heard a faint rustling of grass before he felt a warm hand covering his. He looked up in shock. "Do you still want to know what I smelled in the potion today?" Potter's eyes were so intense Draco was scared he was going to burn. He swallowed loudly. "Yes." He managed with a whisper and licked his lips nervously. Potter crawled up onto his knees in front of him still grasping his hand. "It smelled like… Old books. And something fresh and expensive, like cologne." Draco could hear his heart in his ears but he couldn't look away as the other boy scooted closer. "And the Potions classroom, with a bit of chocolate." Draco closed his eyes as a hand threaded through his hair. Potter's face was so close to his he could feel his breath ghost across his lips as he spoke. "It smelled like you." And Harry Potter kissed him. He kissed him as open and honest and brave as he was down to his very core. And all Draco could think was… I fucking love Amortentia.