wave, it caused several boxes to fly off the shelf across the backroom. Ollivander took it back up and hummed to himself, shaking his head. He left and returned once more, presenting a new box. "Nine and a half inches. Blackthorn with a core of unicorn hair." It continued. Each wand caused a different accident in the shop, and each had a different colored echo. Ollivander didn't get impatient. He simply seemed interested. He became enthralled in the challenge Harry posed. Finally, the man paused and brought a box labeled #963 . "Eleven inches, holly with phoenix feather." As soon as Harry picked it up, its silver echo flared up brightly. He felt a… warmth run through his body as he touched it and couldn't help but smile. "Curious, most curious." Harry looked up at Ollivander's words. "I'm sorry, sir. What's curious?" He wondered. "I remember every wand ever sold in this shop. Every wand I've ever made I recall. The phoenix that gave up the feather that is in that wand only gave up one other feather. It is in that wands brother." Ollivander paused a moment, looking at Harry's forehead. "It's brother is the very wand that gave you that scar." Harry looked back at the wand as the wandmaker continued. "I expect great things of you, Mr. Potter. The Dark Lord did great things with his wand. Terrible things, to be sure, but great things." The Boy-Who-Lived nodded his head as Hagrid paid the seven galleons for the wand among Harry's money and they left. Back out in Diagon Alley, Hagrid saw Harry looking at his wand and laid a hand on his shoulder. "Don' worry, 'Arry." Harry looked up at the man and nodded. "I reckon… it's like my aunt." Hagrid's confused look set him explaining. "I can't control that I'm related to Aunt Petunia any more than this wand can control being related to Voldemort, can it?" Hagrid chuckled and shook his head. "Oh, I should prob'bly tell ya. Since yer under seventeen, don' use your wand except at Hogwarts. When ya turn seventeen ya can use it all ya want, but before that the Ministry can tell if ya do and they tend to punish students harshly for breakin' it." Harry nodded, though couldn't help feel that Hagrid was speaking from personal experience by the tone of his voice. "I think that's everything on the list then." Harry replied, wishing to change the subject. Hagrid seemed to brighten up at the statement and shook his head. "No? Did we miss a stop?" "Jus' follow me. I've got a surprise for ya." Harry did just that. He could swear he heard Hagrid mutter something about birthdays, but couldn't be completely sure. [][][] As it turned out, Harry's surprise had been a snowy owl named Hedwig from Eeylops Owl Emporium. After that, Hagrid had taken him back out of Diagon Alley. By the time they had gotten back to his house on Privet Drive, Harry had been given a ticket to Hogwarts Express, the date he should board and instructions to not be late. To be perfectly honest, Harry had not been at all looking forward to the next month with the Dursleys. After the parting they had had on the Hut-On-The-Rock, he couldn't imagine anything but the worst treatment from his family he had ever experienced. He dared not even think about what Uncle Vernon could cook up, lest he inadvertently give him ideas. Of course, he apparently had been worrying over nothing. Or as close to nothing as could be possible in the Dursley house. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia had all but ignored him during the entire month except to inform him that he'd now be staying in the guest bedroom. His things (what little he had had under the stairs) had already been moved there too, which was a nice surprise. Harry, for one, wasn't about to argue with such a fortunate turn of events and stayed in his new room (he'd certainly have to get used to thinking that!) as much as he could, except to eat and do some chores. That said, his list of chores certainly had shortened by quite a bit with how many of the things he used to do, Aunt Petunia now doing them before he could even think to. During the month, Harry had taken a look at his books to try and get ahead on his classes before they started. He remembered Hagrid saying that his mother was very good in Potions and Charms, so of course those were the first two he looked into! It seemed that just those two branches were capable of things that Muggles (that's what Hagrid called non-wizards, right?) only dreamed of in their wildest fantasies! It was just too bad that he couldn't use his wand for a little practice, but he would certainly do his best to make sure he knew as much about the subjects before he got there. Once term started he could get all the practice he could possibly want, right? Harry also found himself very enthralled with the history of Magical Britain and Hogwarts specifically. Hogwarts: A History told him all he could want about the school and more (though he assumed there was so much more you just couldn't fit into one book, no matter how thick it was!). Of course, there was no way he could get through eight textbooks in just over four weeks, now could he? He didn't attempt to do that, but all that he learned on magical theory, magical creatures, charms, potions, transfiguration, magical history, herbs and self-defense enraptured him to the point he never even noticed when the day came for him to leave for London once again. As they say, time flies when you're having fun. He just never imagined that learning could be so fun. Then again, this was the magic of reading, he supposed. Perhaps the librarians weren't as mad as he once thought?