a Chudley Cannons jersey everytime you help out here at the shop," Roxanne started. "And if I'm right you have to deliver me food from your Mother's kitchen this summer whenever I place an order!" George added. "As long as you don't order soups! Last time I did that for you I spilt it all over my favorite Lancashire shirt!" he replied. "Oh there will be plenty of soup ordered," George replied, rubbing his hands together with a maniacal smile. "Alright, I accept the terms! If I end up in Hufflepuff or Ravenclaw then Roxanne you have wear a Lancashire jersey on the days I help out in the shop and George you have to take me to London's practice grounds two different times and help me with my flying!" he proposed his side of the bet. "That sounds fair enough," Roxanne replied with a confident grin. "I think that we can accept your terms!" George agreed with a weird accent and shook his hand. "Now, Eliot, as much as I would like to continue chatting away with you, I believe that is your mother walking down the street with a fervor towards here. I'm still recovering from the last time she yelled at me for giving you those jumping snakes so it's probably best you run along now." Elliot turned to the window and sure enough could see his mother walking with a mission down the Alley. "Uh oh," he gulped and stepped away from the shop's counter. "I'll write you and let you know what house I end up in. I'll miss you guys!" said Elliot, turning to leave the shop. "We will miss you too Elliot," Roxanne called back. "We'll send you a box of goodies sometime this year as long as you promise to put them to good use!" George added. "I will, bye!" He opened the door to the shop and made his way back out into the Alley. His mother's eyes immediately found him and he mentally prepared himself for a verbal beatdown. "Did you get to say all of your goodbyes?" she asked him, surprisingly in a calm tone. "Yeah, I did," he smiled. "Good, well let's get back home. Our Portkey is just about to leave," his mother said and pulled him into her side, wrapping her arms around him. "I can't believe my little boy is about to go off to Hogwarts. It feels like just yesterday when I was putting the Sorting Hat on my head," his mother reminisced as they walked back up the Alley towards home. "Were you nervous at all? About the Sorting I mean?" "Why do you ask? Are you suddenly feeling nervous about it? What happened to 'the great Elliot Bridges doesn't get nervous'? Did I say it right?" His mother quipped. "The great Elliot Bridges doesn't get nervous I was just curious is all! Roxanne just said something I hadn't really thought about before." "What did she tell you this time?" his mother asked, her tone full of accusations. Even though his mother and Roxanne were close friends and had even been schoolmates growing up his mother had never quite grown to approve of Roxanne's constant pranks and joking. "Nothing bad mom relax! She just said that everyone knows that all the best seekers come from Gryffindor or Slytherin and it got me thinking about it. I mean it's kinda true, at least for the best British seekers. Ginny Weasley-Potter, Lenox Campell, Glynnis Griffiths and Billy Stevens are some of the most famous British seekers and they were all in either Gryffindor or Slytherin; even dad was a Slytherin. "What if I end up in Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff? What if I do and it's really true that you have to be in Slytherin or Gryffindor to be a great seeker? I was always so anxious to get to Hogwarts so I could try out for a real quidditch team and just start playing; I never actually thought about which house I would actually be playing for and what that meant." His mother stopped walking and turned to him, bending her knees so that she was eye level with him. "Elliot, the person makes the house, the house doesn't make the person. It doesn't matter what house you are sorted into, whatever house you end up in you will have the potential to become great Elliot," his mother assured him, her voice calm and confident; her eyes never leaving his. "How do you know that though?" he asked, not fully assured by her words. "Because you are my son." She leaned forward and kissed him on the forehead and stood back up. She took his hand in hers and slowly pulled him alongside her down the rest of the Alley. "Both of my parents were Gryffindors and as you know grandfather was about as famous of a Gryffindor as you can be. When they found out I had been sorted into Slytherin, Gryffindor's biggest rival, you know what they both said to me?" she asked him as they arrived outside the Cauldron's front door. "What?" "They said they were so proud of me - and you know what I will tell you when you tell me where you've been sorted?" she asked him again. "What?" "That I am so very proud of you," she gave him another smile and let go of his hand. "Now, grab your trunk. Our portkey should be ready any second now," she ordered and he ran over to the bottom of the stairs and grabbed his trunk. "Bye everyone!" he shouted out across the dining area and received a number of waves and goodbye shouts from the Cauldron's usual customers. "And mom." "Yes, Elliot?" "Thanks for being such a great mother. I love you, and I hope I really do make you proud some day." "I love you too Elliot and don't worry - you already have." **Please favorite, follow, or leave a quick review if you enjoyed the chapter!**