had been prevented from seeing information about Draco. She hadn't even realized that Narcissa was looking for information so she had no idea how she'd managed to keep her out. Narcissa opened her mouth to say something, but seemed to think better of it. Instead she smiled at Draco and Hermione. "How about some tea?" Over the next few hours Draco filled Narcissa in with what he'd been doing for the last two years and explained why he'd left. "Son, I'm so sorry. I only wanted to protect you, but your father let the Dark Lord come too far into our lives. I didn't know what to do. I'm so glad to have you home. Your room is still the same. I haven't changed anything." "I'm not staying here. I am not ready to be here like that. I thought a great deal about what you and father taught me about purebloods and Muggle-borns while I was gone and I'm not sure I can continue to be someone who supports the Malfoy way of thinking." Narcissa's eyes filled with tears. "I understand. I love you more than anything. I hope you will be able to forgive me eventually." Without looking at Hermione, Draco told his mother he was staying with Hermione for the time being. Hermione wasn't sure why Draco wanted to stay at her flat, but she played along. "Narcissa, I'll allow you to floo in, so you can come visit." Narcissa nodded, while trying not to cry. "You both are welcome here anytime." Draco hugged his mother. "I'll be back soon, but I can't stay here right now." Draco and Hermione were back in her living room. "You are welcome to stay," Hermione told the blonde. "I'm sorry I didn't ask. The thought of staying there made me nauseous. Your place was the only thing that popped into my head." "I had no idea your mother knew anything about us. About how I'd helped you. I never even felt her enter my mind." Hermione laughed without humor. "Of course, I wasn't really sure what was happening." "I'm sorry. I'm sorry my family did this to you. This is exactly why I can't live there. How could my family have done such horrible things? At least it seems like my mother was able to do something to help you." Hermione had been surprised what Narcissa had said about when she had been a prisoner at the house. "Draco, you probably don't want to think about this, but what are you going to do now? How are you going to let people know that you are back?" Draco groaned. "I don't want to think about that. I just want to avoid everything right now." "I have an idea. Luna could do a story in the Quibbler . She wouldn't ask questions you didn't want to answer. You could tell her exactly what you wanted to. That way it would be news that you were back, but you wouldn't have to explain to every single person you met." They agreed that Luna would be an easy way to get the information out there, but she wouldn't prod Draco for too many answers. Hermione knew she'd put Ginny off for long enough. Ginny was going to start asking many more questions if she didn't hear from Hermione about what was going on. She quickly wrote owls to the two women. Luna, I have a huge favor to ask. I need to spread a piece of information and I was hoping you could do so through an article in the Quibbler. Hermione Ginny, You'll know what's going on soon enough. It's not my information to share yet. Hermione Luna immediately responded and said she'd floo over in a half hour. Hermione changed the wards. She gave Draco a pep talk. She got out tea and fire whiskey. Draco was still nervous, but reached for the tea instead of the alcohol. "Hello, Hermione!" Luna called as she entered the home. "Hello, Draco." "Why aren't you surprised to see him?" Luna never failed to recognize things that others missed, but this was something else. "You said a couple things about him that led me to believe you knew he was alive. And if you knew he was alive, you knew something about where he was." She saw Hermione's shock. "Oh, don't worry. No one else realized it. And then when I got your owl, I knew what you needed. Draco is back and he needs help letting the world know and a story in the press was the fastest, easiest way to get that news out. So, Draco, what would you like to tell me?" Earlier Hermione had seen Draco smile. Now she heard his laugh. "Lovegood, you are amazing." The three planned out what Luna's article should say. Draco didn't want to reveal too much information for fear that Death Eaters were still out looking for revenge. He asked Hermione if she minded if he explained how he'd escaped. She knew that her friends would be mad that she'd helped Malfoy and that she never told them, even after the war was over and he was able to return to society. They didn't know how people would respond to Hermione. Would she be seen as a hero who'd helped an innocent person escape or would people think she betrayed the Order by allowing Draco to leave? Hermione believed that eventually the truth would come out so they should be upfront about it. People would be too curious to learn how Draco had left that they'd keep asking questions until they figured it out. "I think I've got everything I need. I will publish this tomorrow morning. Are you two sure you're ready?" "Might as well. I've tightened my wards. Right now you two and Narcissa are the only ones who can come in." Hermione knew that this is what had to be done, but she dreaded the attention and worried her friends wouldn't understand.