thing itself. If Lily feared the word 'mudblood' then those who tried to use it against her would win and she refused to give in to what they wanted. Mac, who looked thoroughly pissed off with his sister excused himself and slunk out of the room and back towards the ballroom. "He's probably pissed off to go and suck up to some aurors" Marlene scoffed. Lily responded with a hum of agreement before following Marlene back into the crowd trying to shake the dark thoughts of war from her mind. The night moved on, and the party became even wilder to the amazement of Lily, who thought it had reached its peak when Sirius had drunkenly flown his broomstick whilst pouring champagne into the open mouths of the crowd bellow, shouting out 'CHAMPAGNE SHOWERS' as he did so. It was nearing midnight when she found herself completely lost coming back from the toilet on the first floor. She wasn't even sure she was meant to be upstairs but the que for the toilet on the ground floor was too long for her drunken bladder to bare. She was cursing the stupidly large house for having too many hallways and rooms when she stumbled through a door that she was convinced would take her back to the main stairwell. Once again, she had taken a wrong door and had ended up in a smart looking office. Curiosity peaked, Lily moved further into the room examining a glass cabinet that stood proudly on the desk. Inside stood a Large purple vile with a label reading ' Sleekeazy's Hair Potion and Scalp Treatment' and in a fine print below that it read ' Two drops tames even the most bothersome barnet .' "I thought I heard somebody thumping around in here." Lily spun round so fast she almost knocked a picture frame off the desk. In the doorway lent James Potter looking a lot more like his usual self with his hair finally back to its messy state, his shirt untucked and partially unbuttoned and his bow tie hanging loosely around his neck. "I just snuck of to my ensuite, the que downstairs is far too long." He stuck his thumb over his shoulder pointing it vaguely off in a direction. "I don't know if you've noticed but there's a party downstairs." Realising he was giving her a bit of an odd look, Lily spoke up. "That's why I got lost, I came up to find a spare toilet and couldn't find my way back' she excused before glancing back at the cabinet and potion. "Did your dad invent Sleekeazy's" She questioned, laughing to herself as she looked back at Potters messy hair. "Is that what was taming it earlier" She hiccupped as another laugh came out, this time she was thinking of the potions slogan, tames the most bothersome barnets her ass. Potter grinned back at her, pushing himself off the door frame and walking further into the room. "Yeah he did, there aren't many Fleamont Potter's believe it or not." This only encouraged Lily's giggles which James found to be infectious as he was soon laughing with her. Between gasps Lily managed to choke out "Your dads name is Fleamont? I'm sorry I shouldn't laugh it's rude" but she couldn't help break into giggles again. "Yeah he's aware of how ridiculous it is, my grandad was a bit of an eccentric. Mum calls him Monty for short, refuses to use his full name." Lily noticed that he was giving her that strange look again, but this time it was accompanied by a warm smile. Glancing at the clock behind Lily, James turned to leave the room. "I would follow me unless you want to spend the New Year count down by yourself in a study." He called over his shoulder in a typical arrogant Potter manor, yet for reasons unknown to Lily she wasn't offended by his blunt and commanding voice, rather she found it quite funny and with another round of giggles she ran to catch up with him. As it turned out finding the main staircase was much easier to find when accompanied by one of the hosts, and the two teens were soon among the many making their way outside onto the vast grounds of the house. "Lily, James over here, Merlin we thought we'd lost you guys, look its nearly time." And Marlene was right as up in the dark sky, through falling snowflakes gigantic lights appeared in the shape of numbers. TEN, NINE, EIGHT Marlene had grabbed Lily's hand. SEVEN, SIX, FIVE Sirius had gathered them into a circle putting his arms round their shoulders. FOUR, THREE, TWO Lily was squeezed between Marlene and James, she didn't even care that his arms were around her shoulders, for hers were around his waist. ONE "HAPPY NEW YEAR" The crys and shouts of the party were deafening over the fireworks that were lighting the sky, and the circle she was enclosed in was jumping crazily whilst Black chanted '1977' over and over. The circle broke as Auld Lang Syne began to be sung by a large group of middle-aged wizards and soon Marlene was grabbing Lily's face in both hands and planting a kiss on her lips. "Happy New Year" she squealed and Lily laughed giving her a squeeze as she returned the sentiment. She turned to find Black attempting to plant a kiss on Potter's face who was laughing, trying to back away from his overly affectionate friend. At Lily's laugh Black turned on her instead, enveloping her in a crushing hug he wished her a happy new year before rushing of to find Potter's parents. Lily hugged both Remus and Peter wishing them well before turning to Potter. He was standing awkwardly as though unsure whether or not to approach her but in her inebriated state Lily thought nothing of wrapping her arms round his neck. "Happy New Year Potter." She whispered. "Happy New Year Evans."