Percy fondly on the cheek and watched as he made his way towards the train. "Now you two," Mrs. Weasley continued, turning a glare onto the twins. "You better behave yourselves this year. If I get one more owl saying that you've- you've blown up a toilet or something-" "Blown up a toilette? We've never blown up a toilet!" "Great idea though, thanks mum!" Hope hid her sniggers. She was going to get along well with the two twins, she could just tell. "It's not funny! " Mrs. Weasley said, exasperated. "And look after Ron." "Don't worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us." "Shut up," Ron said again, turning red. "Hey mum, guess what?" George started. "Guess who we saw on the train?" Hope scowled, guessing as to what was coming next. "You know that red headed girl we saw on the platform? Know who she is?" "Who?" said an unfamiliar voice, probably belonging to the only girl Weasley of the bunch. " Hope Potter !" George said, sounding excited. All heads turned towards her and Hope scowled, leaning back in her seat. "Blimey, she doesn't look happy," George said, while Fred sent his brother an annoyed look. "Oh, mum, can I go se her?" the youngest girl whined. "Oh please!" "You've already seen her, Ginny, and the poor girl isn't something for you to goggle at!" "D'you think she remembers what You-Know-Who looks like?" "I forbid you to ask her, George. No, don't you dare. The poor girls already gone through enough as it is. No wonder she was all alone at the station." A whistle sounded, blocking the rest of the families conversation from Hope's ears. When she looked back out again, the family was gone, probably to their own compartments. Ron Weasley's greatest fear about going to Hogwarts was that no one would like him. Percy had all of his Prefect friends and Fred and George had Lee, Alicia, Angelina, and the rest of the year, but the youngest Weasley just knew everyone would compare him to his brothers and not like him. Similarly, Hope had the same fear that, since she was famous, that would be the only reason people liked her. But when Ron came to her compartment, she perked up, having already met the red head. "D'you mind? Everywhere else is full," Ron said, gesturing to the bench across from Hope. "Not at all," Hope said. Looking happy Ron took a seat and stowed his trunk up above. "Alright there, Hope?" came a voice from the doorway. Fred Weasley was standing there, twin at his side. "Are you this nice to every girl you meet, Weasley?" Hope asked, raising her eyebrows. "Only the pretty ones," Fred said, with a wink, and Hope could feel the blush rising. "Lee's got a giant spider up the train, Ron," George said, addressing his younger brother. "You good here?" "Fine," Ron mumbled, his face paling. "Then we're off," Fred said, tipping an imaginary hat. "Madame." Hope rolled her eyes as she watched the two boys go before turning her attention back to Ron. "Are they always like this?" Hope asked. "Normally worse," Ron grumbled. "Though Fred normally isn't this keen on a girl." Hope's flush worsened. The two sat in silence or a minute before, unable to control himself, Ron blurted out, "Are you really Hope Potter?" "Yes," Hope said, quirking an eyebrow. "Is there a problem?" "Of course not," Ron said quickly. "It's just… well... Fred and George could have been lying." "Mmhmm," Hope said, obviously not believing the cover story. Deciding to drop the topic, Hope said, "Are you excited for Hogwarts?" "Oh… yes," Ron said, composing himself. "Bill and Charlie always told me stories about it when I was younger, they've already graduated, and then Percy and Fred and George went and always told me about it. Now I get to go." "Are all your family wizards?" Hope asked, interested in Ron as much as he was interested in her. "I think so," Ron said, looking thoughtful. "I think mum's got a second cousin who's an accountant, but we've never met him. I heard you were raised by muggles. What's that like?" "Well," Hope began, a dark look flashing over her face, "they made me do all the chores, kept me under the stairs, and barely fed me. Oh, and my cousin pretty much beat me up every day." If the bruises on Hope were anything to go by, he was fairly successful. "I'm sorry," Ron said, at a loss of how to comfort her. "I've come to terms with it a while ago," Hope said. "I kind of like to think of it as a Cinderella story. And, it made me very fast." "What's a Cinderella?" Ron asked. "Nevermind," Hope said, momentarily forgetting that he was a wizard. "Just remind me to show you some muggle movies every once and awhile. Anyway, what's it like growing up with siblings?" "Well, it's a lot to live up to," Ron admitted. "Bill was head boy and Charlie was quidditch captain. Now they've both graduated and have job. Percy's a prefect and pretty much top of his class. Fred and George pretty much goof off all the time, but they still get good grades, and everyone thinks their pranks are hilarious. And, not to mention, they still get fairly good marks. Everyone expects me to be as good as them, but if I am, it's no big deal, because they did it first!" "Well then," Hope said, leaning back in her seat, "I guess we'll just have to figure out a way to top them." Ron's face lit up at the use of 'we'. "Yeah, I guess we will." And so, the two first years spent the train ride talking about all the adventures they were going to have with quidditch and classes and everything in between. And they both let out silent sighs of relief because both of them had found a friend in each other.