pushed the door open so they could run, or waddle in Dudley's case, toward the line. Harry and I moved quickly after them, but Aunt Petunia grabbed the back of my dress and pulled me back. "There's no need to run," she said with a stern look. When Harry saw that I had been held back, he slowed down his pace and waited for our aunt and uncle to get ahead of us. Once they did, he gave me an apologetic look and I just shrugged. Ever since I was a little girl, Aunt Petunia was always trying to get me to stop "acting like a boy." She made it a point to say something at least once a day that pointed out how "unladylike" I was when around other people. It was probably just to humiliate me, but I tried not to let it bother me too much. After Uncle Vernon paid for our tickets, I felt the full excitement of being able to go to the zoo as I stepped through the gates. All around us, as far as the eye could see, there were animals of all sorts that I had only ever seen before in books from school. The first ones that Harry and I ran to were the Bonobos. One of the small ones was jumping around at its mother's feet as she sat watching her child. They were some of the happiest looking animals, despite their captivity, and it almost made me jealous that they had someone nice to take care of them while Harry and I did not. "Looks like your mother, don't you think?" Piers sneered at Harry. Harry started to say something, but I shook my head to stop him. Getting in a fight now would not make things any better. Besides, what did it matter what Piers thought anyway? He was friends with Dudley, so there was no way that he was that clever. It wasn't until the Reptile Room that we met up with the Dursleys again. Dudley was poking a glass cage hard with his pudgy fingers while the others stood around him looking into the cage to see what would happen. When Harry and I stepped over to see what was inside of the glass, the others walked away. "This is boring," Dudley complained. Once they waddled away to go look at some turtles, we stepped closer and saw the large Boa Constrictor that was laying inside. Seeing the size of the snake made me wonder why they had chosen such a small cage for something that looked so big. No wonder it looked so sad in there. "Don't listen to Dudley," Harry spoke to the snake. "I think that this place is very interesting. He's just angry that you won't listen to him." Much to our surprise, the snake moved closer to where we were standing and it began to look from one of us to the other. Maybe it knew that we weren't as mean as Dudley, or maybe it was just curious. "Do you think he can hear us?" I asked Harry. Harry shrugged and smiled back at the Boa Constrictor once it was at our eye level. Now that it was stretched out, I could see just how massive the snake really was. I can't imagine how Dudley could have thought that this amazing creature was so boring. Then again, he wasn't exactly the smartest of people. "Do you get that a lot?" I asked the snake. "People bothering you?" Harry and I jumped back when it began to nod. We looked at each other in shock and then back at the snake. "I think it understood you!" Harry said in surprise. "B-but it's a snake," I stammered. "I'm sure that it was just moving its head, that's all." We stepped back to the snake and I tilted my head with the snake as it observed the two of us. Just when I was about to ask it something else to see if it really understood us, I felt a great push come from behind and I fell to the ground right on top of Harry. "Look at the snake!" Dudley shouted. "It's moving!" A great fury went through me as I stared at my cousin. What gave him the right to just push us to the ground whenever he wanted? It just wasn't fair that he always got his way. Besides, he already had his turn with the snake! Why should he get to look at it again when he thought that it was boring? It was just seconds after he pushed us that the most unbelievable thing happened right in front of us. Dudley had his face pressed up to the glass, looking in at the snake, at one moment when, right before our eyes, the glass vanished and he fell face first into the pit that the snake was laying. "Dudley!" Aunt Petunia shouted. She was the only one that seemed to have noticed Dudley at that moment. The rest of the zoo turned and people began to scream as the Boa Constrictor that we had been observing only moments ago began slithering out of its cage and out into the open where everyone else was standing. "The snake is out!" Piers shouted. Everyone went into a panic and began to run, but Harry and I laid motionless on the ground where we had been pushed as the snake slithered right past us. "Thanks." My jaw dropped and Harry looked at me as the snake slithered out of sight. Did that snake just talk or was that just our imagination? "Did it just - ?" Harry began. "I think so," I said. Then, at once, we both began to smile. We couldn't believe that this had just happened and the moment was only made better when we looked up to see Uncle Vernon fishing Dudley out of the cage. "Into the car!" Uncle Vernon shouted. "All of you - now!"