"He's almost sixteen," Sirius answered, the first bit of the information easier to share than the second. "The night you died… it was tonight." "Oh my god…" "Hey, James, he's fine," Sirius reassured his best friend. "He turned out great, I mean you would be so proud of him." "James?" Lily poked her head around the doorway, baby Harry perched on her hip, happily stuffing his fist in his mouth. "If we don't go soon, it'll be too late." "Yeah, of course, let's go," James said, shaking his head as if to clear away the cobwebs of the conversation he had just been having, and he stood up, reaching out for his son. "You're still coming, right?" "Of course he is," Lily said, smiling. "We can't have Halloween without our son's godfather, especially since he bought Harry's costume." For the first time, Sirius looked closely at Harry's outfit. He had on sky blue robes, with navy pants underneath, and a shirt that had large navy and sky blue checkers on it. Emblazoned on the chest of the robes were too small, overlapping Ts. James picked up a little broomstick as well, the small toy one Sirius had given Harry for his birthday. "Well I do have excellent taste in costumes," Sirius smiled. "Are you sure it's okay to take him out in that around muggles though?" "Yeah, yeah, the costume is charmed to look like some muggle football team to muggles," James answered, waving nonchalantly. "Right, makes sense," Sirius nodded. "Which team?" Remus asked, entering the kitchen with a smile. "Er, West Ham, I think," James answered with a shrug. As a Pureblood wizard, muggle football teams meant next to nothing to him. "Does it matter?" "Well they could have at least picked a decent team, like Villa," Remus joked, and Sirius rolled his eyes. "Boys, no fighting," Lily interrupted, before Sirius could answer. They all followed Lily out of the house and proceeded down the street. With each house, the group walked up to the door and rapped on the wood, Harry squealing with delight. Some of the houses had Halloween decorations that made noises when you got close or lit up, and a few people even hid in their own bushes and jumped out to surprise the visitors. Each time, Harry squealed and laughed, a light, happy sound that made Sirius' heart soar. As they walked through Godric's Hollow, they chatted about little things in their lives. Lily was thinking about going back to work, and thought it might be good for James to do the same thing. They were rich enough not to, to be sure, but neither one of them were suited to sitting at home endlessly. James, on the other hand, protested that they had plenty of time for work in the future, and for now he wanted to focus on having more children. He wanted Harry to have brothers and sisters, lots of them, and he wanted them to be close in age. Lily was less sure about it. It made sense, given their background – as an only child, James had always craved siblings, but Lily's experience with Petunia had left her wary of the idea. Remus said he had been offered a job through St Mungo's. They wanted him to work in counseling patients who could not be fully healed from their illnesses and injuries. It was a dream come true for him, to have an employer who knew of his condition and embrace it, seeing in it the possibility to help other people. Sirius remained quiet for most of the conversation, congratulating the others when it was called for, and adding suggestions or advice, but he offered no details of his own life. "Sirius, do you want to hold Harry for a bit?" Lily offered as they began to walk back to their house. "Oh, I don't know…" Sirius blanched, wanting to decline. He had had precious few opportunities to hold his Harry when he was a baby, and it had been so long since then. "I don't want to hurt him." "Oh go on, you'll be fine, he's tougher than the looks," James said, nodding to encourage Sirius. Lily held the infant out, and Sirius cautiously took him into his arms, settling him against his chest. Harry yawned and nuzzled his head into Sirius' neck, and suddenly Sirius could no longer hold back his tears. He rubbed his free hand around Harry's back, and the infant closed his eyes sleepily. "Sirius, are you alright, mate?" James asked, looking at him with concern. "Yeah, I just…" he looked up at James, their eyes meeting, and an understanding seemed to pass between them. That night, having his best friends back and seeing what life could have been like for all of them if Voldemort had not destroyed everything, it had been a dream. He wanted so badly to stay, to forget his other life, his time in Azkaban and live in this world, where his best friends would get to see their kid grow up, and he would have a life with the man he'd always wanted. But it also reminded him of everything that had happened in the other world, and had reminded him that while he might have lost a lot in his reality, so had Harry, and Harry needed him. He couldn't let his godson lose someone else. It was his duty, as Harry's godfather, to look out for him. He had failed at that for 12 years, but he couldn't do it anymore. His entire world was Harry. This Harry would be fine. Part of Sirius craved seeing this Harry grow up, but he knew in his heart that it was not what he was meant for. "I have to get back to my Harry. He's alone, he needs me. I can't leave him, not again, it would crush him. And I have to protect him. James, I'm sorry, but I have to get back to my world."