of the couch, wearing Lily's shorts and t-shirt. She stood immediately, striding over and pulling him into a hug. "Sirius," she said simply, her face muffled by his chest. "Annie," he exhaled, belatedly wrapping his arms around her and holding her to him. He ducked his head down, resting his forehead against the top of his head. The words flowed through them without needing to be spoken - I'm so glad you're okay. I was so scared. I love you. He then pushed her an arm's length away, looking her over for any injury. "He didn't hurt you, right? He didn't - I can't -" "I'm okay, Sirius," she reassured him, her brown eyes so full of relief that he almost had to sit down. "I'm so bloody confused, though. Your friends wanted to wait until you were here to explain everything." He swallowed and nodded, rubbing the back of his neck. "I - there's so much to tell you. You've got to keep an open mind, okay?" She nodded, her jaw set and determination all over her face. It was a good look for her. She returned to her seat, and he sat on the armchair across from her. James looked up at him from his position on the floor against it, giving him a proud smile. Sirius could already hear the teasing -So it takes a Muggle girl to get Sirius Black to fall in love, hmm? "You've seen a lot that you shouldn't have," Remus began, pinching the bridge of his nose. "But because they're targeting you now, we can't just Obliviate you and call it a day." "Slow down, Moons," Lily advised, nudging him with her shoulder. "We're magic, Annie. Witches and wizards. That's why we had those sticks, those are our wands." Annie stared at Lily, her eyes wide, before slowly nodding. "Okay. Yeah. So that guy, the one who Sirius punched…?" "Also a wizard," James confirmed. "A bad one. The type that give magic a bad name. They're called Death Eaters, and they think that anyone who isn't 100% made up of magical blood is the scum of the earth. Not even just Muggles - er, non-Magical folk - but half-bloods and Muggleborns too." "Half-bloods are the children of a wizard or witch and a Muggle," she gathered. "Exactly. Death Eaters think that falling in love with Muggles, or even associating with them, is heinous." The blonde cast Sirius a worried look, and he was tempted to reach across the coffee table covered in Lily's books to squeeze her hand. "So they just run amuck? I assume there's some type of l-law enforcement?" Lily nodded. "There's the Ministry of Magic. They're a little bit useless, and often corrupted, and then there's us. The Order. Not just us, obviously, but we're the ones who were stationed here to make sure no Muggles are harassed." "It was my fault," Padfoot said, running a hand through his locks. "I wasn't - we were told not to get attached to anyone. Not to let anyone get attached to you." "No one is blaming you, S," James said firmly. "For all we knew, they were planning on targeting her since before we showed up." Annie exhaled, looking at them. "Okay. How do I help?" Remus blinked, gaping at her. "I - what?" "How do I help? You could show me photographs of the - the Death Eaters - and I could find some way to signal you when they enter the diner, or try to do something." "No," Sirius said firmly, his hands curling into fists. "Absolutely not." "Annie," Lily breathed, her emerald eyes full of admiration for how she was taking everything, how she immediately wanted to help them. Annie's heart was visible to everyone, not just Sirius. "We wouldn't dream of asking you to put yourself in danger for us." She shook her head. "I want to. You've all been protecting me since June, you saved me from that - that monster." She looked at Sirius. "I love you. I want to help you." "You don't belong in this world," he insisted, his heart aching. "One of us could use James' cloak," Remus suggested. "Stay in the diner, watch over her. They'd be idiots not to expect it, but they were idiots to attack her in front of Sirius. When she recognizes one of them from the photographs, we Stun them." He looked to Annie. "James has an invisibility cloak." If she was surprised, she didn't show it. "It's not a bad idea," Prongs admitted. Sirius leaned back in his seat, his arms crossed. It was a good idea, but he didn't want her in harm's way again. "I'm under the cloak," he declared, his expression grim. No one dared to argue. Annie helped them catch six Death Eaters before they were contacted by a Patronus - "Job well done. Return home until further instruction." They all exchanged glances, eyes wide. "Home," James repeated, smiling. It was mid-winter, and they were all rather homesick. He turned to Lily, squeezing her hand. "Home, love." After kissing everyone goodbye, they were the first ones gone. Remus gave him a little nod before Apparating away. Sirius swallowed and turned to Annie. "Remus and I share an apartment, in London. He's extended an invitation to you to - to live with us, until different arrangements make themselves." A large grin broke out on her face. "Sirius -" "You'll be in danger for the rest of your life, Ann. Or until all of this is over, at least." "Sirius -" "I love you so much, but I - I completely understand if - should you not want to - or if you'd rather move away with your fami -" He was cut off by a storm of blonde curls and her lips against his. "Shut up, Sirius. I'm going with you." A goofy smile found its place on his face, and he wrapped his arms around her. "I am always with you."