my life, Moony?" he said, staring up at the ceiling. "You're being all responsible and everyone else has jobs and here I am in pyjamas with broomsticks on them doing absolutely nothing." "It's not like you couldn't get a job if you tried," Remus pointed out. "I know, I just - " He finally looked at Remus. "Your interview went badly again, huh?" Remus lay down next to Sirius. "Yeah. No surprises there." "Something will come up eventually," Sirius said with a certainty Remus couldn't understand. "Or alternatively, we could stay on this bed for the rest of our lives and I'll use the rest of my inheritance to hire a cook to bring us pizza and toast." "And cups of tea," Remus added. "Yes, of course, mustn't forget the tea." They turned their heads to look at each other and Sirius leant forward to kiss Remus on the nose, making him pull a face. "This is good though, right?" Sirius asked. "Us. This flat. James and everyone being nearby. Our whole long and unplanned lives ahead of us." "Right now is good," Remus confirmed. "It's the future that worries me. Everything feels suspended, like we're just waiting for something to happen to us. I don't know if that something is going to be good or bad." "It'll be good," Sirius said. "I promise." 9 th October 1978 James had been thinking. He and Lily had been living together for a month now, and the ease of it was breath-taking. In the weeks leading up to their move, James had worried extensively that when they were suddenly in each other's constant company, without the buffer of his friends, that he and Lily would no longer work. Thankfully, the truth of the matter was the exact opposite. They worked incredibly well together – from the moment they woke up in the morning and went to brush their teeth, to James feeding Peanut the cat while Lily poured them cereal, then coming home in the evening to make quick meals of pasta or rice and snuggle up together on the sofa. Of course they'd argued, but James never felt as though they were ever in danger of breaking up. They'd argue, and they'd make up, and they'd carry on - together. So James had been thinking about marriage. It was early, he knew, and they were young. Frank and Alice had announced their own engagement only a few weeks ago, and ever since he'd seen Lily giggling over wedding dresses James just hadn't been able to shake the image from his head - of Lily in a white dress walking down the aisle towards him. He'd mentioned as much to Sirius, who had made a face at him. In the end though, even Sirius had agreed that they might as well, since it was inevitable anyway. The problem was the asking. James didn't know how Frank had proposed. All he knew about marriage was what he'd learnt from his parents, who seemed to have been together forever. His father had proposed to his mother at the beach in summer time, and she'd thrown her ice cream in his face in pure surprise. James had decided to make it his mission to not have anything thrown at his face. So he'd made a plan. He'd booked a table at a fancy restaurant, bought a beautiful diamond ring under the guidance of his mother, and was anxiously counting down the days until he could ask Lily to be his wife. He just hoped she'd say yes. It was Thursday night, before James' planned proposal on the Saturday, when he and Lily were lying in bed together, that it happened. Lily turned to him, still pink in the face and with wild hair from what they'd been doing a few minutes before. "James," she said seriously, putting a hand on his chest and shifting so that she was looking down at him. Her green eyes shone with happiness and James felt a pleasant warmth inside him. "Mmm?" he prompted. "I think we should get married." "What?" James said, his heart had leapt into his throat and he sat up straight, nearly knocking heads with Lily in the process. "I know it's soon," she shrugged, apparently completely calm, "but we love each other, and we live together, and I... I just want to be like we are now, forever." "This isn't fair." This was clearly the wrong thing to say, because Lily pulled the bed clothes up around her and her smile faded. "Maybe this wasn't the best moment..." she started, but James shook his head furiously. "No, no, no," he said desperately. "Lily, I was going to ask you to marry me this weekend!" He stumbled out of bed and dug around in his sock draw before triumphantly producing a ring box. "I got you a ring," he said, sitting back down on the bed and handing her the box. "You're kidding?" she asked, opening it. "Oh my god, I didn't - James, it's beautiful!" There were tears in her eyes as she held her hand out wordlessly and watched as he slipped the ring onto her finger. "So we're getting married?" Lily asked, looking from the ring to James, a huge smile breaking out across her face. "It looks like it," James agreed. "Shall I cancel the table I booked at Riveria?" he teased. "It would have cost a fortune." "Shall you - " Lily shook her head at him, but the laughter building up inside her quickly took over. "You're ridiculous," she said, pushing him in the shoulder until he fell back against his pillow. "And I love you. " "I love you too," James grinned, his hands slipping around Lily's waist as she straddled him, leaning down to kiss him before pulling back with a wicked grin and saying, "screw the table, we'll have an engagement party instead." "That," James agreed, leaning up to press their lips together once more, "sounds perfect."