kind of commentary also made Narcissa happy, Hydra's beauty was her pride, a proof of the superiority of her "Black family" blood with the noble blood of the Malfoys, an indisputable proof of what pure magical blood can do, at least it was that kind of idiocy that she always says to herself and to others, Hydra thought. Narcissa ordered two party robes for Hydra and one for her, as well as the Hogwarts robes for Hydra. - The Beauxbatons robes are much prettier. - Said Hydra, watching her new school robes, simple black robes, without many details and a hat, plus a winter cape. - Yeah, you're right about that, but there is nothing I can do about that, Hydra, - Narcissa said sympathetically. - Mother, maybe if you talked to Dad ... - No, Hydra, he's already settled, and it's all settled now, that's enough about that, ok? Narcissa was getting impatient and Hydra knew that, so she decided not to talk about it any longer at that moment, she asked Narcissa if she could visit some stores while she was buying new feathers and parchments for Hydra and Draco. - Okay, but meet me in 20 minutes at Gringotts door, I need to make a withdrawal with your father, - She said, checking the bags and not paying much attention to her. - Okay, 20 minutes without delay,- Hydra repeated cheerfully, smiling and walking out quickly before Narcissa changed her mind. It had been a long time since Hydra had explored the diagon alley, all her school purchases were made in a very similar place in France, her books were all in French and were not easy to find in London. She decided to go to her favorite childhood store, the ice cream parlor "Florean Fortescue", her tutor used to take her there, to talk freely about everything that Hydra wanted to know, things that would be considered forbidden in her home, such as the Muggle world, Hydra always had a great fascination with their world, especially with their music, but her parents could never know it. Her tutor was the person who taught Hydra all about how to be good and act right, she was very grateful to her and always visited her in France, where she now lived and where she came first. After eating her favorite ice cream, she decided to enter the store "Gambol & Japes - Magic Games". While watching the love potions and trying to mentally remember all the ingredients that it had, she noticed that three boys looked at her, she observed them and saw that they were a pair of ginger twins with a friend, the two twins were wearing second-handed robes and the other boy had a black skin with equally black hair, she saw when one of the twins came towards her and disguised, looking to the potions again. - Do you like love potions? - Asked the redheaded boy, the twin of the other boy behind him. Hydra blushed instantly. - I ... I do, I mean, not love potions, potions in general, - She replied. - I do not like them, they're boring to make, - the boy replied, stroking his hair. - They are not, you just have to know how to prepare them carefully,- Hydra said without looking into the boy's eyes. - If you say so... Hydra noticed that it was time to find Narcissa and knew she could not be late. - I have to go,"- she said as she left without waiting for the answer, leaving the boy standing still and startled by her attitude. As his friends laughed. Hydra was feeling a bit disappointed, she wanted to know a little more about them, they would probably be colleagues in Hogwarts, after all, they seemed to have the same age as her and probably attended Hogwarts, like almost all the young wizards of England. - You're five minutes late, - Narcissa said, checking her watch. - Sorry, Mom, I get distracted in some stores, - Hydra said, disguising her smile, still in the euphoria of what she had just done. - Come on, I need to get money in our safe. Hydra and her mother entered Gringotts and were promptly taken to the Malfoy's family safe, which was, as usual, full of galleons, sickles and knuts, her mother took what she needed, Hydra had always found the trips to the safes amusing, although the goblins are not that fun, not at all. When they got to Gringotts entrance, Hydra and Narcissa let out a cry of exclamation, they were both shocked at what was coming at her, her father, filthy, with blood on his forehead and tousled hair. - Merlin's beard, what happened to you, Lucius? - Narcissa looked shocked at her husband, who was adjusting his robes. - WEASLEY, that shame for the witch blood, that damn blood traitor! - Lucius looked furious. - Dad and he fought with the Weasley Senior... - Draco said quickly, receiving an ugly look from Lucius. - LUCIUS! I do not believe what if any of your friends had seen it? Think about what they would say about that! - Narcissa said in a completely irritated tone. - I'm not interested in knowing what might or might not have happened, Narcissa, I've already bought all the books and I've seen enough, we're going home, now! - Lucius replied, trying to keep control of his voice tone and not cause a scene. Hydra knew better than to upset her father at that moment, though she was dying to laugh and congratulate Mr. Weasley, she had heard of him, her father despised him, and his family, even more than he despised Muggles. That made them extremely interesting in Hydra's eyes. "Maybe I can meet some Weasley at Hogwarts," thought Hydra as she walked towards the same shop she'd came to on the diagon alley, the trip was not as bad as she'd imagined after all."