to apologize to the man he'd just insulted, only for her eyes to narrow calculatingly when the wizard didn't react. "It's a spell I designed," Severus explained, pleased with himself. "Muffles our conversation so people around us can't eavesdrop." "Brilliant," Hermione breathed. "You made it all by yourself?" "I did say I had many talents," he replied smugly as he basked in her admiration. He could well appreciate a witch with an eye for the academic. She paused thoughtfully. "Could you teach it to me?" It was Severus's turn to eye her calculatingly. He'd been fairly confident in performing the spell since no one had arrested him for Apparating underage yet—he had a theory that it was because his present self was over age, but there was no way to casually confirm that with her. On the other hand, there was no doubt that Hermione was underage. "I won't try it here," she grumbled, disgruntled that he hadn't acquiesced immediately. "I just want you to show it to me." "How old are you, anyway?" he asked demandingly. "Sixteen," came her petulant reply. "It's only one more year." It was silly, really, but after the day he'd had so far, he was willing to grant her request if she'd tolerate him for just a while longer. He pretended to deliberate a few seconds more. "Fine. Let's get a room from Tom—I don't want anyone else to see." "It's really quite easy. All you've got to do is twist like this and say the incantation," Severus explained as he enacted the wand movement. "Seems simple enough," Hermione thought out loud. "Why did you come up with this spell in particular?" He shrugged. "It was useful in school—I'm sure you can come up with reasons why. But my original plan had been to use it at home." "Up to no good?" she teased. He'd certainly been in Tobias' opinion. His lips quirked bitterly. "You could say that." Hermione's light smile faded. "No, you seem like a nice guy—even if you're a little unsteady on your feet right now." The gentle teasing smile returned. He snorted. "I'm still able to use my wand, thank you. My father didn't much like magic, or music, or anything other than alcohol, really. I thought it'd be clever to come up with a way to avoid him without a silencing spell, which he would find suspicious if he couldn't hear anything. The walls in my house are rather thin." "I'm sorry." Her doe eyes shone with sincere concern. "Should you be drinking right now, though, all things considered?" "Probably not," he acknowledged. "But I figure I'm allowed to just once." He didn't mention the repeated visits to his local pub. "And why's that?" she questioned in a gentle reprimand. "My parents used to be happy. Disgustingly happy. I was unplanned. Now, my father's an abusive alcoholic who's never once treated me like a son. What do you think the catalyst was?" She didn't take long to catch on. "Don't be ridiculous! Anything could've happened that you don't know about. Whatever the reason, it certainly isn't your fault. Circumstances change, Rus. Is that why you ran away?" Merlin, but she didn't beat around the bush. Of course, he hadn't technically ran away. "Sort of. I'll have to go back eventually, anyway." "You could always send me an owl whenever things get bad again," Hermione offered uncertainly. Had anyone extended him that kind of comfort before? He didn't think so. Severus yearned for it, but knew it was impossible. "Dad doesn't like magic, remember?" And I'm from the past . He smiled sadly. "Thanks anyway." "I'd like to get to know you better, though," she insisted. "Shouldn't you go back to whoever you came here with?" Severus asked quietly, causing her to frown. He'd hurt her. He wished he could take it back. "Mum and Dad are Muggles—they're waiting outside. I wanted to buy a few things in Diagon Alley." Her voice wasn't as warm as before. "They support you?" He knew he sounded dubious. Life returned to her expression, cheeks flushing passionately. "Of course! Not all Muggles are utter twats like your father!" He studied her well used robes, her clean black shoes, her pretty blue jeans—her delicate wrists, the hint of her mesmerizing collarbones, and her expressive brown eyes. No, not all Muggles were unwelcome if this was the result. He inclined his head in acknowledgement. "Forgive me. It's sometimes hard to remember." The spark in her eyes softened. "Well, perhaps you ought to find better Muggles," came her haughty reply, injecting a touch of levity into the conversation. "Perhaps." Severus smiled. "It's been an honour meeting you, Hermione." "Granger. Hermione Granger. Please, feel free to contact me anytime. Really." He couldn't bring himself to voice false promises. "Thank you. I'm afraid I must go, though—I fear it's time to sleep off the alcohol." "Good luck," she laughed, and gathered her belongings. He walked her to the door with a heavy heart. "Bye," he murmured so as not to reveal the emotion that had swelled in him. He'd been wrung through the past and the future with nothing much to show for it but bitter revelations and empty arms. Before he could wallow further in self-pity, Hermione stood on her toes and gently pressed her lips to his cheek. His heart skipped a beat at the sweetness of her kiss. "Bye," she whispered against his skin, and was gone. Perhaps he'd gained something from his escapades after all. Now all he had to do was figure out how to return to his own bloody time. Squaring his shoulders resolutely, Severus grabbed his guitar, watch, and wand, and set out the door, only to stop abruptly. Twinkling blue eyes in a kind, wizened face greeted him on the other side. "Ah, dear boy, I volunteered to investigate a case of suspicious underage magic. I do believe we've much to discuss," Dumbledore said cheerily, and Severus knew he'd be alright.