so apprehensive about the danger of Sirius to Harry in PoA. 12) The Patronus as messenger : We know that members of the Order were able to use their Patronuses as messengers (cf. Snape leading Harry to the Sword, Kingsley's message to the wedding guests, and Arthur's message to the Trio after they escaped from the wedding). It was obvious that Dumbledore did not actually speak to Hagrid to tell him to go to Privet Drive, or he would have been told that Hagrid had the use of Sirius's motorbike. Given the timeframe, there wasn't enough time for an owl to fly from London to Scotland, and therefore a Patronus was the logical means of communication. However, the incantation required must, of necessity, be different from that required to conjure a Patronus to ward off Dementors. Since " Expecto patronum " translates roughly to "emit a shield", I used " Patronum nuntius " ("shield messenger") for this Charm. 13) House elves' names : Although I've seen some arguments that all the house elves had names ending in –y except for Kreacher, whose name sounds like "creature", I personally think there is more significance than that in the elves' names that we know, especially given how much significance there is in all the other names in the Harry Potter series. In English, to dob is to put or throw something down, which is rather how Lucius Malfoy treated Dobby. However, in Australian slang to dob is to tell tales, which seems even more apt for Dobby's first appearances. Hokey is an American idiom meaning very sentimental, which fits the very devoted elf that she was. Winky, to my mind, recalls the phrase "nudge, nudge, wink, wink", made popular by Monty Python and said when you want to make a hint blatantly obvious. Since Winky's primary role was to keep the secret of Barty Crouch junior's existence, it seems to me typical of JKR to suggest by the name that Winky's presence is a hint to be noted. For the house elf who appears in this narrative, I followed the descriptions of the Hogwarts house elves given when the Trio goes to talk to them in the Castle kitchen, showing their uniform and their contented pride in their job. Since this particular house elf's function in the narrative was to convey information and be aware of where the staff were, I named him on that basis. (A scoop is, of course, the first report of a good news story.) 14) Dumbledore's letter to Petunia : In OotP, when Dumbledore sends the Howler to Petunia, it simply says "Remember my last!" – obviously referring to the letter which Dumbledore left with the infant Harry on the doorstep of Privet Drive. The clues we have as to what is in that letter are: what Dumbledore says about it to McGonagall before Hagrid arrives on the motorbike, what he says to Harry in explanation of the protection over him at the Dursleys' (OotP ch.37), what he says to the Dursleys when he collects Harry from their house at the beginning of Half-Blood Prince, and the passing reference Hagrid makes to it in the Hut-on-the-Rock (although it is unlikely Hagrid knew the contents in any detail). In framing this story, I concluded that in order to fit with these references and explain Petunia's reaction to the Howler, as well as why she and Vernon chose to accept Harry in the first place, it had to contain the following: (i) an explanation of Lily and James's murder by Voldemort (which, of course, would ascribe disastrous events in the Muggle world to the First Wizarding War and the effect of Dementors, as per the Muggle Prime Minister's realisation in HBP ch.1); (ii) the point that Petunia herself – and far more importantly in her mind, no doubt, Dudley – was in danger too; (iii) an explanation that Dumbledore's protective charms, covering Dudley as well as Petunia and Vernon, would only take effect if she agreed to provide a home for Harry; and (iv) emphasis that the choice must be Petunia's – partly because the blood tie was through her, but also because both Petunia's reaction to the Howler and Vernon's far greater antipathy to Harry than his wife's make it fairly clear that in this matter at least, Vernon had little, if any, say. This emphasis on the protection which Harry's presence would also confer on Dudley provides a very satisfying reason why, in the immediate aftermath of Harry's description of the Dementor attack on Dudley in OotP, Dumbledore's reminder of that protection would make Petunia overrule Vernon and insist that Harry must not be turned out of the house. Like Lily and Narcissa, in that moment Petunia was also simply a mother doing what she had to do to protect her son as he was under attack. And finally, the postscript referring to the agapanthus was inspired by Dumbledore's comment on them when he came to collect Harry to come with him to persuade Slughorn to come back to Hogwarts. Being perennials, they could easily have been freshly-planted 15 or so years before. 15) Unanswered question : There is one question which I feel I have not satisfactorily answered – either in the narrative or even in my own mind. How did Dumbledore justify to the rest of the wizarding world (and presumably particularly to the Ministry of Magic) that he had the right to decide what should be done with Harry? Given Harry's sudden fame, one would expect that there would be squabbles over it, with various factions insisting that they had the best solution, yet there is no hint of it anywhere in canon, and the speed with which Dumbledore acted suggests he simply decided and then ignored any dissension. That is, of course, typical Dumbledore, but still – I wonder... Thanks for reading; I hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it. Clare Paceso, NSW, Australia March 2017 (Author tag: Paceso)