sitting when said man snorted. "Well, I-nevermind that. Mum said you had something to..show me?" She cocked her head to the side when James paled. He was awfully nervous today. He usually oozed with a sort of confidence most people could only dream of having. She heard more than saw Sirius getting up, and his deep voice travelled across the small area, "Mate. It's time. Go for it." He then turned to her parents, shooting a dazzling smile at them, "Mrs. Evans, Mr. Evans? There's a beautiful dining room here filled with lovely food that is just calling your name. If you could accompany me?" He held out his arm to her mother, who blushed slightly before taking it. Lily's eyebrows rose as she watched the interaction. She could feel the laughter bubbling up in her when her father shot a gruff look at the boy who had his wife's hand and attention, before silently following them out downstairs. Now, she was alone in the quiet hallway with James, who was still alarmingly pale. She was about to move towards him to ask if he was okay when he placed one arm around her shoulders to lead her back to the room she came out of. This time around, she was able to look at it more closely. And she found that this one was even more beautiful than the first, if that was possible. The room was huge. It had a chandelier hanging from the ceiling, not too big but just enough to be tasteful and elegant. The walls were covered in white paint, with patterns emerging from the bottom. They followed a specific route, but they were in different colors and it added a little something to the room that the previous one was missing. There was a beautiful wooden writing desk on one side, and a piano on the other, which surprised her because she didn't think wizards had instruments. She stopped her inspections to look back, not seeing or hearing James anywhere. She heard the sound of a throat being cleared coming from somewhere below her eye level. Her green eyes widened when she saw her boyfriend kneeling down on the carpeted floor. She gasped when she saw the beautiful, beautiful ring in his hands. Her hands came up to cover her mouth as he spoke, "Lily Evans. Never thought a night where I sneaked you out of the castle five minutes before curfew would end like this eh?" She could see that his grin and his humor was a clear attempt to cover up the nerves underneath. She could detect the faint trembling of his fingers and bit her lip to stop from smiling too big. "I know we haven't been going out for too long. I know you've disliked me for longer than you've liked me. But, I want to spend the rest of my life with you knowing that you love me just as much as I love you. I want to grow old with you, not out of obligation or fear or necessity, but out of love. And there is no better time, or day, or place that I could ask you this, because you know as well as I do that shit is about to hit the ceiling soon." The laughter bubbled out of her without her permission, and the tears flowed down her cheeks for the second time that night as she looked at the boy she loved kneeling on the floor, his black hair messy in just the way she disliked, his glasses crooked and an adorable smile on his face. "So, Lily Evans, would you do me the honor of making me the luckiest man in the world by marrying me?" His hazel eyes glittered with love, and hope, and a slight bit of fear. Lily didn't need to think about it. She leaned down and pressed a hard kiss to his lips, one which he returned just as passionately after the initial moment of shock. His arm around to wrap around her waist as she kneeled on the floor in front of him and they stayed that way for a few blissful moments. When they broke apart, still on the floor, he shot her a huge smile before taking her hand and gently sliding the ring on her finger. She held her finger up to admire the ring. It wasn't too ostentatious, it was subtle and understated and perfect. It had an emerald in the center, surrounded by tiny diamonds in the shape of a flower. She looked up at James, "This is beautiful. Absolutely gorgeous." He ran a hand through his hair, "I'm glad you like it. I didn't want to get you anything big, or loud like Sirius was urging me to. I knew you'd say no the moment you saw the ring. I wanted every advantage I could get." Lily shook her head at him, "You silly, silly boy. I would have said yes regardless. Although, you might have had to buy me a new ring if it's anything like this one isn't." Her now fiance stood up, holding a hand out for her, "Good thing I didn't listen to him then, eh? Now, let's go and show everyone the ring? Your mom has been dying to know your reaction." Lily placed her hand in his, "Yes. Let's go." The two walked hand in hand to the dining room, where they spent the night with joking and laughing around, no mention of the War raging outside. No fear, no anxiety, no nervousness. It was the best night any one of they had had in a while. Information about the Shrieking Shack taken from Harry Potter wiki, if anything about it seems unrealistic, let's put it down to artistic license please? And I took some liberties with James and Lily's relationship. I don't really think about those two a lot, so forgive me for any inconsistencies. WC: 3185 (Yes, I got a little carried away)