living arrangements." Sirius stared straight at the ground as he said it. "About where you're going to stay this summer." "That's easy, I'm going to stay with you. I don't even mind Grimmauld Place, it's better than the alternative." "That's just it Harry, Dumbledore says you need to stay with your family." "No," Harry cried, backing away. "No." Sirius reached out in apology and Harry knocked his hand away. "I'm so sorry." Sirius had tears in his eyes. "With Voldemort on the loose…" "No!" "Harry," Sirius said sadly. "I'm not okay, I'm not. I forget things, important thing like eating and sleeping. I have nightmares. Before Azkaban, I was in my prime, I could have fought of a dozen Death Eaters. Hell I did. But I'm not that man anymore. I couldn't… If anything happened to you…" "I have fought trolls, giant spiders, giant snakes, dementors, dragons, Death Eaters and Voldemort. Sirius I'm not a little kid any more. I can take care of myself. We can take care of each other. Why should be we live in the dark, while the Death Eaters walk around freely?" "I know it's not right, but if it keeps you safe-" Harry interrupted him. "I am not going back to the Dursleys." Harry was determined. They had done enough to him. He would never go back to that house. He stepped back toward Sirius and grabbed his arm. "They are not my home, they are not my family and I am not going back. Now you can come with me, wherever I choose to go, or you can listen to Dumbledore and stay in that hell hole." "What? No, you can't leave," Sirius gasped eyes wide. "You're in danger." "We'll leave the country, go some place warm." The idea wasn't a new one, ever since he had received that bird of paradise from Sirius two years ago he had dreamed of going to the beach. "Where did you go after we rescued you and Buckbeak?" "My family… they have some land, an island somewhere. I don't even know where exactly where. There's a portkey." "Just one?" "Yeah the Blacks have always been incredibly paranoid. Only one way on and off the island." "Then it's perfect." He smiled. NOTES This next story comes from my dissatisfaction with Divination. In the books we have quite a number of reputable characters speak of how useless and 'woolly' divination is. But this just seems to be 'seeing the future', which, yes okay, would be imprecise. The future is always subject to change. Unless one has the gift of prophesy then anything would be nothing more than guess work. But what about seeing the present? Or even the past? To divine means, among many other things, 'to discover.' There are any number of spells that could, in part be considered a divination. Or at least use some form of it. One that always jumps to mind is the Point Me spell. The spell essentially 'divined' where north is. Fanon also have casters use it to find other things. Another is Prior Incantato, which reveals the last spell the wand cast. What else could that be but divination? We don't know much about healing from the books but surely any diagnostic spell would be a type of divination as well. I'm a big fan of crime procedural shows, like CSI, Bones and Criminal Minds, and it has always made me wonder, how to the aurors do their jobs? The TV series 'Constantine' based off the comics Hellblazer, shows John Constantine using magic to investigate magical events. So how would that work for wizards? Do they look at a crime scene and find evidence? What does evidence mean to a wizard? Does a wizard know about fingerprints, could they identify them if they did? I think it's unlikely they would know about DNA. What about a 'magical signature'? Fanon uses this concept fairly frequently but I can find no evidence of its existing in canon. If aurors can't tell who cast the spell, can they at least determine if any spell was cast at all, what a spell was or when it was cast? Magic leaves a trace in the wand, does it leave a trace where it hit? Does a spell change when cast by a different person? After all everyone walks, talks and writes differently, it stands to reason they would cast differently too. We have seen aurors as enforcers, security and as fighters but are they investigators? Tonks is said to have studied 'Concealment and Disguise' and 'Stealth and Tracking.' Poisons and antidotes are also said to be essential studies for Aurors. Which is great for 'Dark wizard catching' but what about finding 'who done it?' I think there is fairly ample evidence that aurors don't focus on this aspect of their job much. There's Sirius being thrown in prison without any sort of investigation. If they had so much as checked his wand they would have seen he hadn't blown up the street. They couldn't have checked him for a Dark Mark. Hagrid got arrested without any investigation in Harry's second year. And for that matter wasn't arrested in his third year for Myrtles death, regardless of whether he did it or not, he was blamed for it. Dumbledore didn't lift a finger to prove Malfoy was behind giving a dangerous cursed object to an underage girl. It seems like, if a wizard isn't jumping up and down screaming, "It was me! I did it! Mwaa ha ha!" then nobody can do anything. Malfoy and the other Death Eaters as case in point. If there had been any investigation into their actual crimes buying their way to a pardon would have been a lot harder. I'm not sure when in the Order of the Phoenix McGonagall had the career talk with Harry, but if it doesn't match my timeline, then fine. This is fanfiction and I can be handwavy to the timeline if I want to.