said with a sympathetic look. "Ah it's not your fault, but thanks. I'm Daniel by the way, Daniel Lovage," I said as I held out my hand for them to shake. "I'm Harry Potter," Harry said as he took my hand. "I'm Hermione Granger," Hermione said as she followed Harry's example. "And I'm Ron Weasley," Ron said loudly. I sat with the three for a bit, hearing them tell tales about their previous two years at Hogwarts. I told them a bit about my childhood which was basically my actual childhood just modified to fit the whole orphan story. After a while I said goodbye and made my way to the bookshop. However before I left Harry told me that I could sit with them on the train. I was in. When McGonagall found me again I had finished buying my books along with a few extra, like a book on combative magic, wand lore, and Hogwarts: A History. I figured there had to be some reason that Hermione loved the book. McGonagall had gone and bought me most of my things, like a cauldron, then we finished by getting my robes and she let me stay in the Leaky Cauldron until September first when the train left. I basically spent the rest of the summer in my room reading through the course books trying to get a head start on the course work. I was never a really studious person but then again all I ever did was regular school work, now I was going to Freaking Hogwarts! I'll be damned if I'm not in the top five in my year! Platform 9 ¾ was absolutely amazing! The sight of all of the magical families saying their farewells, the train sitting on the tracks, everything was amazing. I quickly climbed on board and found the compartment that Lupin was in. Putting on my best shy face I spoke up with a timid voice. "E-excuse me sir," Lupin looked up at me," I was wondering if I could sit here? I'm new and I don't really know anyone, so I was wondering if I could sit here?" Lupin smiled at me. "Of course, come sit." I moved into the compartment and put my trunk in the rack above me. I sat down and pulled out a book as Lupin arranged himself in the corner and went to sleep. I had arrived a bit early, maybe thirty minutes, just to observe all of the magical families that arrived. When the Weasleys, plus Harry and Hermione, showed up I got excited at the fact of hanging out with them. I quickly pulled out my Hogwarts: A History and began reading hoping to impress a certain bookworm. Yes I have a huge crush on Hermione, and I wish to have a relationship with her if possible. I don't care if it screws up the way things happen, I would simply like a shot. When they showed I didn't look up or greet them, I simply continued reading the giant book. Once they were all settled in the cabin, they were silent, unsure on how to begin a conversation with me here. After a few minutes, I made up my mind on breaking the ice myself. "So I heard, that there's this Potter kid who's pretty famous," I said, holding back a smile. "Really," Harry asked, unsure at what I was getting at. "Oh yeah, I'm surprised you haven't heard about him. Supposedly he kicked this Dark Lords ass when he was a baby. No one knows how he did it, but my guess would be some sort of ancient magic's were defending him… that or it just wasn't his time to die. Whatever it was, the kid must be a stubborn little bastard, I heard that there's been two more attempts on his life and the kid hasn't died yet," I said with a smirk as I peered up to look at them. They had small smiles on their faces, as Ron even let out a chuckle. "So you know now," Harry said. "Yes I do." "When'd you find out," Hermione asked. "About two seconds after I entered the fiction section of the bookstore," I told them with a small smirk. "At least I thought it was the fiction section. There was a girl, I'd say about five, and she said that every story was actually true. And if she was right, then wow, I had no idea that you saved ten Unicorns from a charging herd of giant spiders." The compartment broke out into laughter while Harrys face turned a deep shade of red. With the tension of the compartment broken I went back to my book wanting to finish the part about Helga quickly when Hermione cleared her throat, making me look up. "Is that Hogwarts: A History," she asked with a bit of hope. "Why yes it is," I said as I showed her the cover. "Why you reading that rubbish?" Ron asked which earned him a smack in the arm from Hermione. "Because it's really interesting and I wanted to know more about where I'm going to be staying for the next couple of years," I explained, right before I pulled out a bookmark. "How are you not completely board reading that stupid thing," Ron asked again. "It's actually really interesting. I mean Gryffindor and Slytherin were friends, until Slytherin started talking about banning muggleborns from the school. But then again you have to take into account that there were a crap ton of witch burnings happening," I told them. They stared at me in shock as I explained a summary of the first ten chapters. "I think we found another Hermione," Harry joked. AN: So there it is. I plan on it just being someting that I can do on the side when I'm not writing any of my tow major fics. So anyway, if you liked it then review and I'll see you all next time. ~Pacco1