the two to play and it had the two laughing manically. 'Ah yes, my wife, I do agree that Abraxas Malfoy looks like he's stepped in shit!' Sirius exclaimed in a very deep voice to emulate his father, and Hermione couldn't keep from laughing, more out of shock at the swear word than the phrase he was saying. They had both badly caught the giggles, and were unable to stop them as they did not notice a group of three boys march over. When Hermione caught sight of the boys her laughter stopped, as did Sirius'. Hermione grabbed Sirius' hand, as she had taken to doing as they grew closer; Sirius found he did not mind it as neither child received much physical contact from their parents at home. 'Hey Herm,' Nial said, using a nickname he knew Hermione hated. Hermione did not know why but her brother greatly disliked Sirius, and ever since he and Hermione became close her brother had been more irritating towards her. 'Don't call me that Nial,' Hermione said, annoyed that her time with her friend was being taken away. 'What are you and Black doing anyway?' Nial asked, ignoring her previous statement. Hermione went to answer her brother but was interrupted by Sirius. 'It's none of your business Avery,' he said with a glare, and Hermione knew the anger was due to her telling Sirius about Nial and his friends teasing her when they came over to the Avery manor. Hermione had not realised Sirius would be so angry when she told him, but she secretly liked that she had a friend that would stick up for her, and that someone had a temper worse than hers. 'What goes on with my little sister is always my business, Black.' Avery accentuated Sirius' last name as he directed his gaze to him. 'I'm only seven minutes younger than you!' Hermione cried. Sirius and Nial both ignored Hermione as Sirius said, 'It's not your business if you're mean to her. Big brothers shouldn't do that.' At this, Avery's smirk dropped and he took a step towards Sirius. 'Watch what you say, Black, there's three of us and one of you.' At this, Hermione's temper flared and she shoved her brother backwards. What was she? A Cornish pixie? Not expecting it, Nial fell to the floor and looked up at his sister in shock. Clambering to his feet he glared at Hermione, 'you are in so much trouble.' 'RUN!' Hermione shouted as she grabbed Sirius and pulled him from the ballroom, bumping into people and causing them to spill their drinks as they ducked and weaved through the crowd. They ran until they could no longer hear the guests of the house, taking twists and turns, going up and down stairs until they were safe. 'Why did you do that?!' They both shouted at each other at the same time, once they had caught their breath. 'JINX!' Hermione exclaimed, and they both forgot their anger at each other as Sirius asked, 'What's Jinx?' ''You have to say it when you both say the same thing and then the person who said it last can't speak until you say their full name, I read it in a book,' Hermione explained. 'Wicked.' 'Hey that's speaking!' At this Sirius gave Hermione his best puppy dog eyes, they were very convincing and Hermione knew that the Jinx game was going to be rigged. Hermione huffed but relented, 'Sirius Orion Black, you may speak. But seriously, why did you get so angry at Nial? And oh my god! I pushed him!' At that Sirius laughed, 'Did you see his face?' Hermione smiled slightly at that, it was quite funny to see him look so shocked after all. 'We're going to be in so much trouble,' she continued, but she couldn't work up the enthusiasm to be scared of her mother, this wasn't the first time she and Sirius had gotten into trouble; it was the first time it had become physical though. 'If she kills you, come back as a ghost and I'll visit,' Sirius said with a wink and Hermione began to laugh again. 'Now onto a more serious topic, pun intended. We will be catching the Hogwarts Express in less than one week, and it you do not sit with me I will write to your mother and tell her it was you that accidentally caused the chandelier to drop at the Flint's wedding anniversary.' 'But that was you!' Hermione cried in outrage. 'I know,' Sirius grinned. 'If I don't get sorted into Slytherin you won't need to write home to my mum anyway, I'll already be dead by Nial,' Hermione said with a frown. Both had made it known to each other that while neither wanted to be in Slytherin, it was most likely they would be. 'As long as either both of us are or neither of us are, we'll be okay Mione,' Sirius said as he grabbed Hermione's hand and pulled her back in the direction of the ballroom, using the nickname for the first time. Hermione liked it a lot better than Herms. 'I go second so if you're in Slytherin I'll think really Slytherin thoughts so we stay together.' Hermione laughed, touched that Sirius would sacrifice himself to make sure they stayed together. 'Sirius? Promise we'll stay best friends forever?' Hermione asked him as they neared the ballroom. 'Obviously…. Herms,' 'I take it back.' 'Aw Herms I'm sorry!' Sirius made to wrap his arms around Hermione but she squealed and danced backwards. Unfortunately, her famous clumsiness caused her to trip on the corner of the rug and as she flailed, her hand knocked something. Fortunately, Sirius caught her, unfortunately, she had knocked Lady Malfoy and caused her to spill bright red wine all down her white dress. Sirius and Hermione froze as the Lady of the house turned to slowly look at the two eleven year olds. 'Is it time to run again?' Hermione whispered.