the restaurants. Fleur clapped her hands. "Come on then! We need to get you a set of dress robes! This restaurant is one of the nicest in France and we can't have you walking around in muggle clothing!" Fleur said, dragging his arm to the floo. Harry didn't enjoy floo travel much either, especially when he ended up tasting the carpet upon exiting the fireplace. Fleur giggled. "Let's go. We need to get you fitted quickly." Fleur took him to a small shop that looked very expensive and Harry felt a little guilty. "Fleur, I don't really have the money to pay for thi-" "Do not worry Harry, I am happy to pay for it," Fleur cut him off, holding up a bag of gold. The fitting was a bit annoying to Harry but by the time they were finished, Harry had to admit the dress robes looked good. The material was confortable and didn't confine him like many of the suites he was forced to wear whenever the Dursleys had guests over and couldn't send Harry away. They were always cheap garbage that Harry felt no one should wear. "Thanks again for the dress robes, Fleur," Harry said, trying his best not to be too glad to have clothes that fit him for once. "Do not mention it, Harry. To be honest, you and I are probably going to be shopping a lot. Those clothes you were wearing did not look your size and we cannot have you walking around in just dress robes," Fleur said. They headed to a restaurant that was nearby. It's tall structure that didn't not look sound suggested it was a magical location. "Wow," Harry said in awe. Fleur nodded. "This place is one of my favorites. Come, Harry. We are expected." They walked through the door and Harry followed Fleur up a few flights of stairs until they had reached the very top floor of the building. There were only a few tables, unlike the floors below. At one table sat a couple that seemed to be waiting for them. The man was rather tall and had some muscle to him. His dress robes were clean and pressed. In other words, the man was impeccable in every sense of the word. His eyes seemed to reach into your soul and see your whole life story. He didn't frown but he had the look of a man who did not tolerate nonsense. The woman, on the other hand, seemed very relaxed. Her deep blue eyes made one feel warm and happy inside. Her smile accentuated her beauty tenfold and her makeup while stunning, did not take away from any of her natural beauty. She wore a bright white dress that clung to her figure, making her a treasure to the eyes. "You must be the young man Fleur owled us about," the man rumbled in greeting. His voice was smooth and calm, yet deep, "Harry Potter, yes?" "That's me, sir," Harry managed to say without stammering. The woman smiled. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Monsieur Potter! I imagine we might be a little intimidating. I am Apolline Delacour, and this is my lovely husband, David," the woman said, placing a hand on her husband's. Mister Delacour's countenance relaxed a little at his wife's touch. "It is nice to meet both of you," Harry said, trying to keep his sentences brief and polite. Apolline gestured to the two empty seats. "Come, sit." Before the main course was mostly a subdued affair. Light conversation and stories from the two older Delacours mostly filled the time. Dinner was served and immediately the conversation turned the spotlight onto Harry. "So, Harry," Madame Delacour said in between bites, "I am to understand you used to live with muggles! It is a quite bizarre idea to us. What was that like?" she asked before Fleur could try to stop her. Harry's happy expression faltered a little. "To be totally honest, it was pretty terrible. I was essentially like their servant. I would cook their food, maintain their garden, and do their laundry without pay. It would always end the same way, me without much food and them laughing behind my back," Harry said in a melancholy tone. Mr. Delacour frowned. "You seem to be a good young man. Why on Earth would they ever treat you like that?" "I was never sure until I found about magic. I think they disliked me because of my magic," Harry explained. "How terrible! Oh my boy I'm am so sorry," Mrs. Delacour squeezed his shoulder comfortingly. Harry shrugged. "What happened had happened. I'm just glad to be rid of them," Harry said after swallowing some food. "Well, we were discussing that, and we were thinking about asking you if you would like to live with us. We got an owl from Madame Maxime about your situation and we felt you would like a home as soon as possible," Mrs. Delacour said excitedly. Harry's head spun. These people barely knew Harry and they were okay with taking him in? It was hard to believe he'd been in the magical world for a whole week; it seemed more like he'd been around it for years. "So, Harry?" Fleur asked, a little nervous. Harry smiled. "I appreciate the offer, Madame and Monsieur Delacour," Harry said. Inside, he felt fireworks explode in his chest. Thus, Harry Potter of Beauxbaton's story began. A.N. I have to admit, I have not been fond of the original Beauxbatons' story for some time now. There were so many rewrites of chapters I wanted to do and the story's progression was all messed up. Unlike last story, I fully intend to do Harry's first three years of schooling at Beauxbatons before he gets into the Triwizard Tournament. This time around the story will have better progression, more detail, and better writing, I promise. Thank you all for reading and I will see you all in the next chapter! ~Patchwork Dr.