identified that moment. That was when the sky was going to fall down. She hadn't met the family before, but, if they were the way they showed themselves to be in the carriage, someone would say something cruel to that boy. "You would not do such a thing," Gabrielle said. She came into the living room behind James. "And here we go," Hermione thought. No, they hadn't let her down. Being an Auror was not something you should be proud of, because they chased down Muggles who ran away from their owners. Demon dogs. Fleur tried to help her stepbrother out. "No, Fleur, Gaby's right. My son has to accept this, and the sooner the better." The patriarch stated. "You will not be an Auror, Harry. You are the Potter heir, the bearer of our House and our business. You'll meet a beautiful lady and will get married to her. You two will give me grandchildren. Then, they will do the same as you did, and so on in order to keep our House alive." She couldn't help but feel pity for that boy who went crying to his chamber. Deep down, it was very sad to have that money and not be freer than a slave. He was going to stay in Potter's estate because his father said so. As she would. Surely these things don't happen in a Muggle family," Fleur said. She felt their slave's eyes during the scene. Fleur circled the brunette. "I bet, Muggles don't care enough for their children, not even when they have to work in dangerous jobs such as mines. Take your father as an example. He didn't cry. Right now, he must be celebrating that he has one mouth fewer to feed." It touched Hermione's heart, not in a good way. Fury was seizing her because somehow she felt that the blonde wasn't wrong. Some truth was in it. She fought against her tears, but they won. They got out bit by bit. Madame Delacour called over Fleur's personal slave, Rosmerta, a nearly 40-year-old woman. She didn't want to put up with a moaning Muggle. Two slaves could console each other better. Never in her life had Hermione's eyes been so itchy. The only factor that distracted her was a certain redhead who broke into Rosmerta's room. "What's wrong with her?" Hermione heard the redhead asking. Rosmerta, who finally noticed Ginny's presence, thought it was not the best moment to introduce them. "Nothing's wrong, Ginny, please..." Ginny didn't care; she never, ever listened to lies. "Is it because of your kidnapping?" Kidnapping, that was how it felt for Hermione. No one had given her a choice. "Ginny, please! No one kidnapped anyone!" Rosmerta was horrified by that word. If it came to the Potters' notice, she could be punished. She knew she heard it somewhere, from someone. Hermione nodded. She liked that girl for her sincerity. She wasn't like adults. "It's not a kidnapping," Rosmerta insisted. "Our Lord has every right to call you into his service." To Hermione's mind, that was a stupid excuse. What was wrong with her? Her mind tried to get the whole picture. That woman, the redhead, the wizards... "Blasted!" she shouted. Rosmerta, shocked, covered Hermione's mouth with her own hand. Hermione talked even with that impediment. "I'll run away; I'll go back home to my father." "I don't know why you complain so much. We are not so badly off here," Ginny said. "Easy for you to say," Hermione thought. The ginger sat down in front of Hermione to look at her. "When we don't have anything to do, we play tag." "Ginny, I don't think she cares about your scampering," Rosmerta cut her off. For the first time, Hermione looked back at her. Her eyes got wide with hope. "You run around?" Rosmerta saw the new girl's interest and allowed Ginny to continue. "Yes, we do! And we also dance." "Do you dance here?" At that point, Hermione's eyes were open like an owl's. Rosmerta intervened. "Yes, we do. Some of us make drums and such things to play music. Others sing...it's not so bad." The little girl concluded that the authenticity of those stories mightn't be so great. A place where you can dance and scamper couldn't be so bad, right? "I'm Ginny," the ginger introduced herself. "My name is Hermione." Ginny eyed her with a weird face. "What an ugly name!" That got her a slap in the back by Rosmerta. It wasn't something appropriate to say. Hermione had a reproachful face. "D'oh! Ok. It doesn't matter. Anyway, when you don't have any task, you can find me in the kitchen or in the garden. I'm sure you'll have a lot of free time. Nymphadora says that personal slaves barely work and you become lazy." Rosmerta was going to correct Ginny, but she decided otherwise. It was better not to tell all the tasks a personal slave must undergo in front of the new girl. The last thing Ginny said before going was, "Sorry for your kidnapping again." When she was out of their sight, Rosmerta tried to think what she had been told when she had been a child and had arrived at the estate. "You know, if you work hard, they allow you to visit the village." Hermione had Aberforth's word still in mind. They both said she could go to the village, so it had to be the truth, and going there would give her a chance to escape. That made her smile. But Rosmerta had lied; she knew that white lie would keep her occupied, and what she had lived until that moment would be forgotten gently. NA: English is not my first language but Qoheleth is helping me out with the story because I am very absent-minded so you can guess the stupid mistakes I have in my written. Most of them are the capital letters hahaha very stupid mistakes. Thanks Qoheleth for dealing with my English.