it made her knees weak. What felt like a million butterflies began fluttering around her stomach as she experienced the same light headed feeling one with the Imperious curse placed on them may feel. Her mind however, was still in charge. How dare he? She should have known, what a bloody pig. She was about to jerk her head away from him, removing herself from his blissful touch when she was struck with an even better idea. Smiling, she bit the corner of her lip and turned her head to look at him through heavy eyelids. "Perhaps you're right…" she said in barely more than a throaty whisper, slowly bringing a hand up to caress his cheek. "I'm more than certain we can work… something… out…"With a demure smile, she allowed her fingertips to leave his leave his cheek and trace little pattern along the side of his neck. Now it was his turn to experience the light-headed dizziness, the knee-weakening exhilaration of another's touch. Oh this was almost too easy … Trying not to smirk, he tilted his head up to just barely brush his lips across hers. "Mmm …" he murmured as if in thought. His grey eyes were locked on here chocolate brown ones, and for the first time in his life he noticed that she did have on a bit of make-up. Just enough to make it look natural … A bit of mascara was used to lengthen her already long eyelashes, and a light golden-brown shadow accentuated her deep brown eyes, making them almost appear to glisten when hit with the right light. Gradually, he lowered a hand to take her wrist, bringing her arm up over her head as he used his body to pin her back against the shelf. "Tell me Granger… just how badly do you want this book …?" he mumbled against her lips. Pig pig pig pig pig pig pig. Though her body was aching pleasantly, silently begging for more of his touch, her mind remained in control. Oh she could play this little boys game, and she could win. Lowering her eyes to avoid his penetrating stare, she slipped one of her legs around his, running her knees up the back of his thigh. The simple action caused her hips to tilt up into his, and she heard him gasp slightly. The sound made her pounding heart skip a beat and she licked her lips before moving her eyes back up to his. "Badly…" she said in a voice that was barely audible to him. He swallowed hard, he should have known, it was a book that was going to get Granger in bed. His mind laughed, but he kept his expression serious. Her knee running up his leg caused him to shiver again and he instinctively pressed his hips into hers. Tilting his head to the side, he dropped the book and placed his hand on her hip, pulling her hips more forcefully against his as he gradually began rubbing his hips up against hers. Only a few select layers of fabric remained between them now, and like her, his body soon began to ache pleasantly, yearning for more. He was sick of beating around the bush now … she wanted him, he could tell by the way her eyelids were flickering, as though they wanted to shut. Shut so she could focus her attention on the sense of touch. The other senses meant nothing now, and be barely heard himself speak. "Your dorm or mine…?" he whispered a bit hoarsely into her ear. "What do we need a dorm for…?" She replied in the same kind of hoarse tone. Un-latching her leg from his, she grabbed the front of his robes with her free hand and turned him around so his back was pressed into the shelf instead of hers. She swallowed hard. This was almost too easy. Draco Malfoy was thinking with the small head, she was in control. Biting her lip, she dropped down to her knees in front of him, and as he released her wrist, she placed both her hands on his hips. Tilting her head up, she looked up at him as she trailed her hands slowly down his thighs, then ran her palms back up. His breathing was getting heavier. This was ridiculous, this was wrong, this was … heaven. Licking his lips, he titled his head back slightly. Hermione Granger, Gryffindor prefect, was about to go down on him, in the bloody library. Biting down on his lips, he moved his hands to grip the shelves behind himself as his eyes flickered shut. He could feel her hands slowly parting his legs, her fingertips tantalizing his inner thighs. He felt her shifting closer … He felt one hand come to a rest on the side of his hip again as she removed one of her hands from his body. He licked his lips again in joyous anticipation, awaiting the sound of his zipper being undone… He waited … his heart pounding against his ribcage … and he heard… … Nothing. Damn tease … what the bloody hell was taking her so long? Clenching his jaw slightly, he was about to say something when her other hand left his hip, and his body was evacuated of her caress. The shock was not a pleasant one and his eyes flew open. He saw her stand up before him and he frowned in confusion, his mind still too fuzzy to register what was happening. All blood had rushed to other parts of his body and his mind was spinning too much for him to do anything but watch her walk away… … Walk away with his book… Hermione held the book to her chest as she exited the library, a small smirk causing the corner of her lips to turn up to one side as she headed down the hall towards the Gryffindor common room. She had won. Mudblood one, Pureblood … zero.