their rigorous entrance requirements and you may be in classes with students from other houses as well. Please be reminded that N.E.W.T.s will be taken at the end of your 7th year and you must have either an Outstanding or Exceeds Expectations in your five main classes. Good luck and we anticipate your arrival. Sincerely, Albus Dumbledore Headmaster Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardy" "Wow, a letter form the big man himself," said Lily impressed. "He's very powerful," agreed Margaret. "Some people say he's the only one He Who Must Not Be Named fears." The train came to a complete stop and the sound of compartment doors opening filled the train. The girls gathered their things and headed off the train, towards the horseless carriages. Susan, Margaret, and Lily jumped up in, but Calamity was too slow. Just as she was about to step up, she was pushed out of the way by Sirius Black. "I''m afraid we've reserved these seats," said Sirius Black as he sat down, dragging James Potter with him. "Remus and Peter ditched us." "Oh, no," Lily started, but it was too late. The carriage began to move. Calamity walked back to the last free carriages. The only one with space had the mini-Sirius sitting in it, his friends obviously having fit into a carriage without had enough interactions with Sirius Black for today and wasn't sure if this miniature one would be as bad as the original. He looked at her with a bored, haughty expression. She opened her book again, but the mini-Sirius spoke just as she started to read, . "You're the girl from the train," he drawled. "Where's your crest?" "I'm new," Calamity said. "Just transferred from America." "I'm Regulus Black," Regulus said proudly. He held out his hand. "You must be very powerful if they'd accept you so late. What are you? Sixteen? Seventeen?" "Sixteen," Calamity said. she shook his hand. "Calamity Erza- Mahoney." Regulus paused looking her over. "Pureblood?" "Pure-what?" Regulus pulled his hand back slowly looking at her suspiciously. "Are you muggleborn?" "No," said Calamity, translating these new British terms in her mind. Regulus looked pleased. "Is Erza- Mahoney an old family? The Blacks are. We're one of the original twenty-eight. Families that were all witches and wizards from their founding until now." "Oh," Calamity said. Her eyes darted to her book sitting sadly unread. "I believe Mahoney is, but Erza I'm not sure. We don't know too much about that side." "Mahoney's got to be Irish, right," continued Regulus. "Gaelic, I guess," said Calamity. The carriage began to slow as the castle came into view. "Well, Calamity, I think I can give you some advice. First, pray you get into Slytherin- it's the best house, despite what anyone says. Second, try to avoid those Marauders. They'll just get you into trouble and third," He stood as the carriage halted. "Remember that blood and background are very important in these trying times. Don't get mixed up with the wrong lot." "Got it," said Calamity standing and moving from the carriage. Regulus followed, falling into step with her. "Have you met anyone yet?" "Yes, Lily Evans and her friends, James Potter, Remus Lupin, Sirius Black," she watched Regulus' souring expression. "Is he your brother or cousin?" "Brother," said Regulus. "If you'd like I can introduce you to some proper people worth knowing." "Oh," Calamity said. She couldn't think how else to respond. Luckily, she didn't have to because she heard someone's booming voice carrying over the carriages, calling her. "Clara? Clara Erza- Mahoney? I'm ta take yer to where you need to go!" Calamity gave Regulus a wave before following the voice to a giant of a man with a burly beard, who introduced himself as Hagrid. He led her to the castle and into a side room where Calamity could hear the muffled yells and laughs of the student body. "I'll come git yer when it's time," said Hagrid smiling. He left and Calamity opened her book again. "The Snargarluff is a plant with the appearance of a gnarled stump, but within it's dull exterior is a violent secret. If provoked, the Snargarluff's thorn covered vines will attack, so it is best handled by two or more wizards. The Snargarluff's attack is necessary when retrieving the green pulsating pods from within. About the size pf a grapefruit, these pods are broken open and the insides (which resemble pale green tubers) can be used for healing potions. In the medieval period the pods were often used as weapons, though this lessened as wizards discovered the healing properties within." "They're ready fer ya." Her time had come. Calamity walked out and a few students craned to see the new student who might be joining their house. A stern looking witch with spectacles placed a ragged hat on her head. A voice greeted her in the darkness. "Lots of talent here, and a bit of arrogance. Ah, but bravery without a doubt, and determination. Willing to do what is necessary to succeed, but I see a limitation here. A noble trait- you would risk it all for what is right. Well, it's clear to me that it must be- GRYFFINDOR!" The hat was removed and Calamity moved to the cheering table, sitting next to Lily who looked displeased with the fact that the marauders were sitting so close to them. "Well done, Calamity," said Susan excitedly as the golden plates filled with food. Calamity peered around and caught the eye of Regulus Black, who shrugged at her and shook his head as if pitying her fate. "Don't mind those gits," James said from his place diagonal from Lily. "Yes, who has the time," said Lily coldly. "When we have our own gits to mind." "Evans," said James, a smile breaking across his face. "You think of me as YOUR git? That's so sweet!" Sirius let out a bark-like laugh as Remus looked apologetically at Lily, who decided to simply eat in silence.