and Remus swears that he can hear Sirius mutter curses under his breath. Luckily, the British Museum is open. Draco is apparently perfectly content to spend hours wandering around the Egyptian exhibit, gawking at the Rosetta Stone for at least ten minutes. By four o'clock, though, Draco is visibly hungry and tired, even if he denies it. They manage to find a small chippy and get takeout, since Sirius whispers to Remus that Draco really does need an afternoon nap, even if he'll probably try to fight one of them over it. Luckily, Draco crashes when they get back to their flat, falling asleep face-first on the couch. "Thank the Lord," Sirius sighs. "Who knew that taking care of a kid would be so hard?" "Well, I would say that I knew, but you look pretty tired, and you did take care of him more than I did," Remus smiles. "Thanks," Sirius snorts. "I'm going to shower, since I think I'm still sweating from those staircase races I had with Draco in that museum." Remus yawns involuntarily, closing his eyes for a second. "Do you need a nap too?" Sirius asks wryly. "It's fine if you do. The kid's probably going to be out for at least two hours." "No, I think I -" Remus's body chooses that time to betray him, and he lets out an even louder yawn. "Go. The kid'll be fine, I'll be fine, Pete's still here, probably sleeping. Take a nap." Yawning again, Remus sluggishly heads into their room, and collapses onto the bed. He isn't sure when he falls asleep, but he remembers feeling a soft touch of lips on his forehead. When he wakes up, it's to the lack of sunlight and a disturbingly quiet apartment, save for the sound of running water. Frowning, Remus rolls over and looks at the analog clock on their nightstand. Sirius usually takes quick showers, and Remus doesn't think he took a very quick nap. Sure enough, it's already seven o'clock. Remus tries to move his legs, and realizes that there's a dead weight on them. For a moment, he wonders madly if there had been an earthquake and the wall had collapsed on top of him. After rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, though, he realizes that the weight is Sirius, who's snoring away on Remus's thighs. Smiling softly, he moves Sirius's head off of his legs and onto a pillow. Remus slowly shifts his way out of bed, stealing Sirius's Manchester United sweatshirt and slipping it on over his head. If Sirius's isn't showering, he reasons, it's probably Peter, finally awoken from his ridiculously long slumber. Stumbling into the kitchen, he finds a note on the counter. With a start, he realizes that it's from Peter. Saw you were asleep, so didn't want to wake you. The Hot Hat Girl from 14B called back! We're getting drinks tonight at the Hog's Head. Don't wait up for me. Have a nice night w/ Pads. ;) - Pete Remus chuckles at the drawn-out winky face, silently hoping that Peter has a nice night with Hot Hat Girl. However, his mirth quickly gives way to panic as he realizes that either Sirius forgot to shut off the water, which means that their bill will be ridiculously high this month and the tub is probably overflowing, or Draco is the one in the bathroom. Visions of a drowning Draco fill his head, and Remus almost trips over a chair in a rush to get to the bathroom. Luckily, Draco is alive, and the tub isn't overflowing. Unluckily, Draco has his head in the sink, and seems to be rinsing out green hair dye. With a start, Remus realizes that Draco's blonde hair is now the shade of a dense forest. "Hullo," Draco says, still determinedly rinsing out the dye. "Don't worry 'bout me, I've seen mummy do this loads of times before, only she does it with the yellow colour." In spite of himself, Remus feels a laugh coming on. He knew that Cousin Cissy had been dyeing her hair from the pictures Sirius had showed him, even if Sirius had continuously denied it. "Draco, where did you find that dye?" Remus asks in what he hopes is a calm tone. "Found it on top of that dresser over there. There's loads of colours, like pink and blue and purple." Pink dye. Remus groans. Every time Tonks comes over, she leaves packets of hair dye around in what she probably thinks is a surreptitious fashion, in the hopes that Sirius will finally get around to dyeing his hair pink, ostensibly because Sirius had once promised a ten-year-old Tonks that he would do so. Somehow, Draco has found the packets of dye, and for whatever reason, he's decided that using the dye is a great idea. "Draco, why are you dyeing your hair green?" "'Cause I felt like it," Draco shrugs. Internally, Remus sighs. He'd forgotten that a common motivator for children was their own emotions. "Draco, how long have you been rinsing your hair out for?" "'Bout an hour. D'ya think I'm done?" "Yeah, buddy. I think you're done. I also think you should get a towel and dry off your hair, okay?" Remus makes sure to grab a tattered yellow one, just in case the hair dye Tonks uses has a rinsing-out period of longer than an hour. "I'm going to get Sirius, okay?" And we're going to have to figure out a way to stop your mother from brutally murdering us. Draco nods his head yes, and Remus figures that the kid will be fine for five minutes. Of course, he also thought that Draco would stay asleep until his mother came to pick him up, but he ended up being wrong there. He has the feeling that he should make the trip a quick one. "Sirius?" Remus says, not even bothering to open the door carefully. "How does Cousin Cissy feel about the colour green?"