need to open a vault once we get you to Canada," said James. "And Sirius, I will do yours later." "We have duplicated all your money so that no one will notice that there's no money in your vault in Gringotts," Lily said. Later that day, Dan and Emma took Harry to the clothing store, and bought him some outfits, and then they exchanged their money to Canadian dollars. As soon as Harry got changed into his new outfits, he looked in the mirror, and smiled. /Scene Break/ About one week later, Harry, Sirius, Hermione, and Hermione's parents were ready to leave Britain. Then James and Lily appeared, and teleported them to a pavement. "We have booked a hotel for you guys, and it is not far away from you," James said. Harry, Hermione, Dan, Emma, and Sirius made their way to the hotel, and they entered. After they had gone through the formality, they went into the rooms that they had booked, and they placed their things inside as they arrived inside. "It's already past eleven o'clock, though," Dan said, glancing on the clock that was hanging on the wall of their room. "The time in Britain is clearly different." "A few hours time difference is not really such a matter to me," Emma said. After Dan, Emma, and Hermione adjusted their watches to the time showed on the clock on the wall, they sat down. A surge of excitement washed through Harry, as he knew that no one would be able to discover that he and Hermione were actually not there. "What do you think about being faked, Hermione?" Harry asked in a whisper. Hermione giggled. "More secure than just getting away from Britain," she said quietly. /Scene Break/ As the end of the holidays approached, the cloned Harry found himself daydreaming about Hogwarts, he could not wait to see Hagrid again, to play Quidditch, and to stroll across the vegetable patches of the Herbology greenhouses; it would be a good thing to leave Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place as the house is quite dusty and musty, and half of the cupboards were still bolted shut and Kreacher wheezed insults out of the shadows as you passed there, although the cloned Harry was careful not to say any of this within earshot of the cloned Sirius. Living at the Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix was not nearly as interesting and exciting as the cloned Harry would have expected before he experienced it. Though members of the Order of the Phoenix came and went regularly, Mrs Weasley had ensured that the fake Harry and others were kept well out of earshot. On the very last day of the holiday, Ron entered their bedroom, carrying a couple of envelops. "The book lists have arrived," he said. The fake Harry took his letter, opened it, and saw that there was only two pieces of parchment inside, one was the one that informing them about the term dates, and the other one telling him what books he would need for the coming year. He scanned the book list, and discovered that there are two new books, one is the Standard Book of Spells, Grade 5, by Miranda Goshawk, and Defensive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard. "There are only two new books this year," he said. He wondered who had requested the book, Defensive Magical Theory, to be added to the book list this year, and then, Fred and George appeared with a crack. "We were just wondering who had requested the book, Defensive Magical Theory, to be placed on our book list," Fred said. "I am wondering who is going to be teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts this year," George said. "We overheard mum saying that Dumbledore had real troubles finding Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher this year." "As far as I am aware, not a single Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher lasted more than one year," the fake Harry said. Ron, meanwhile, was staring at the letter from Hogwarts. "What's up with you, Ron?" Fred asked. He leaned closer to Ron, and gasped. "What's up, Fred?" asked George. "Ron has been made a Prefect," said Fred. A few moments later, the fake Hermione arrived. "Harry, did you get one too?" she asked, holding out her badge. "No, Ron's got it," the fake Harry said. /Scene Break/ Meanwhile, Sirius had received his trial at the Ministry of Magic in Canada, and he was found innocent. After the trial, he declared guardianship of Harry. Harry had set up a vault in a Wizarding Bank called Debilo, and placed all his money inside his vault. "Both of us are free now, Harry," he said in a low voice. Harry knew that it was true, and no one in Britain would be looking for him and Sirius since they had both been cloned, and their clones were still in Britain. He knew that this would totally fool the Wizarding world, not to mention that Dumbledore's plan would fall apart later on. He did not receive any news about what happened to his clone, but he knew that his parents would keep him updated about that, so it would not be much of a big deal to him. All he knew was that his clone would be going to Hogwarts on the following day. A/N: That's it for this chapter. What do you think about the fact that Harry, Hermione, Sirius, and Hermione's parents being cloned in Britain, while their real selves are in Canada, and that no one in Britain would realise that they have been cloned? By the way, Stratagem Con means Plan to Deceive. Any reviews/comments are appreciated. Now, if there are grammar mistakes in any chapter of this story, if you want to point out that there are grammar mistakes, please tell me where I went wrong, don't just say 'you have grammar mistakes' and stop there, otherwise I would never know how to fix up this story.