turning as red as a radish was the only indication that there was still life in her. Snape leaned forward so that they were face to face. "Go," he whispered. Granger was not one of the students that was easily scared, especially by him. But she looked quite frightened as she scurried around him to the tests. He grinned after her. A moment later, he realized that a couple of third year Hufflepuffs were gaping at him. "Go!" he yelled. They didn't need to be told twice. Satisfaction really did come in many forms. ## Hermione hunched over the Potions section of her NEWTs, beads of sweat forming just at her hairline and rolling down her face and the back of her neck. What the hell had that bit in the hall been about? Severus Snape was always a teacher that clearly enjoyed intimidating his students, but there had just been something… off. It was like he had been… testing her. Maybe she was just imagining it. Like she was imagining his hands on her hips as he… Her eyes widened. Now was not the time nor the place! That stupid damn story! She had to focus now. She had to get through these tests. This was her future on the line. She could fantasize later. Not that that meant… Oh Merlin… ## A couple of weeks later, NEWTs had come back. There had been many tears and whoops of celebration in the Great Hall that afternoon as everyone shared their results with their friends. Snape had seen it for several years now, and had even experienced it himself, once upon a time. But now, night had fallen. And the next day, the students would be leaving Hogwarts—some never to return. In years past, Snape had taken a night cap in his rooms and prepared to depart for Spinner's End with a kind of relief on his shoulders. No more stupid First Years! No more essays! But this year was different. He felt listless. This was how he found himself in the entrance hall at nearly midnight. And it was how he spotted the familiar figure of a young woman standing at the castle's open doors, silhouetted by the moon. He didn't announced his presence. He merely came to a stop at her side, staring out at the sloping lawns of the school. After a silent moment, she glanced over at him. "Are you going to take points for me being out of bed so late?" she asked. "No point in it now, if you'll pardon the pun. Gryffindor has claimed the House Cup for the year, and you are, of this evening, no longer a student at this school. You've officially been deemed an adult witch. So, if you wish to be out and about so late, I've no authority to tell you otherwise," he said. She seemed surprised at his words. And she should be. It took very little retrospect to realize that this was probably the longest he had spoken to her outside of a class. After a moment, she smiled at him then turned her attention back out to the lawns. "For what it's worth, I'm glad you didn't die," she said. He blinked. He would've never suspected that, not in a million years. "Oh?" "After Harry told Ron and me about… about everything, the sacrifices you'd made, why you'd made them, I was so sad. So broken about your death. It wasn't fair. You'd been hurt so much. But when you were found alive… now that had seemed right." Silence fell once again. This was a lot of heavy talk for what was supposed to be a happy moment for this young woman. After all, she had done it. Head Girl, top of her class, and already had had countless job offers. And heavy moods was not what Snape was looking for, of that much he was sure. "So, did you read that story in which you and I had starring roles?" he asked. Hermione made a hissing noise, like she had touched something hot. "Yes. Did you?" Snape grinned. "I did." "Did they ever find out who wrote it?" He shook his head. "Did McGonagall ever ask you about it?" "No. Why? Did she… did she ask you?" He scoffed. "Well, that tracks." She chuckled. Another silence, during which Snape caught the sadness in her eyes. She was going to miss this damn school. Of all the places in the world… And it was then that he had the craziest idea. "Miss Granger, would like to join me in my office for a night cap?" She turned, blinking at him. After a moment, she grinned. "On one condition." He waited. "Call me Hermione." "Very well. Hermione. Shall we?" he asked. And together they strode off into the dimly lit castle. It was amazing the ideas that a piece of fiction could place in one's head. ## Ginny gaped as Hermione and Snape walked off together. "You don't think?" she asked, turning to Luna. Luna shrugged. "I think they'd be good for one another." Ginny pursed her lips and said nothing more on the matter. Better to keep it out of her mind. Instead, she touched on another, closely related subject. "I wonder who wrote that story." "Oh, I know. I found out last week," Luna said. Ginny blinked. "What? Who?" "Do you remember Mary Schmult? The Hufflepuff? She might have graduated top of the class had Hermione not returned. So, she decided to try and throw her off a bit, maybe even try to get her in trouble." "And how did you find that out, Luna? And why not share this information?" "I asked. In a persuasive way. Also, there was no harm done by it, so I didn't think it necessary." Ginny crossed her arms. "In a persuasive way?" Luna shrugged. "Well, we had to learn veritaserum for NEWTs, so I just nicked some before Snape cleared our potions that day." "Huh." fin