from her chair to head to her room and grab a jacket. She went into the Burrow and up to her room, opened her closet, grabbed the first hoody she could get her hands on and was making her way back to the door when something on the table next to her window caught her eye. She made her way over there and took the picture delicately from its place. It was a beautiful photo of her and Harry sitting under a tree next to the Black Lake at Hogwarts very similar to the one they had previously been sitting under. The picture was taken by Colin Creevey during Ginny's sixth year, he had assured her that he hadn't been stalking them at the time. He had told her that he had been taking pictures of the Black Lake for some assignment and he had seen them so peacefully sitting under the tree in such a beautiful scenery and couldn't resist snapping the picture. She had to admit that he had a point, the picture was gorgeous. … Harry had been having a rough time mourning Sirius so he had gotten up early that day to clear his mind. He headed down to his favorite spot under a huge tree next to the Black Lake when he had seen a familiar red-headed witch sitting in his usual place with her eyes closed. He had gotten quite used to Ginny's comforting company so he hadn't thought twice about joining her. He quietly sat next to her and she automatically scooted closer to him as if knowing that it was him. She had put her head on his shoulder which he had responded to by wrapping an arm around her and ruffling her hair affectionately. A breeze had wend out of nowhere making their hair dance in the wind as well as the autumn colored leaves of the trees, contrasting the color of the fresh green grass. The sun was just rising so the sky was a mix of red yellow and orange. The lake was as clear and blue as ever. The picture altogether was a beautiful and delicate mix of colors. … That perfect moment. Ginny smiled at the memory. She looked out of her window which was just above the backyard where everybody was sitting. She let her eyes wonder off to where Harry was and saw him talking in what seemed to be a whispered tone with Amber. Then he got up cleared his voice so that everybody would turn his attention to him and said: "As most of you know, I have an announcement to make. I wanted you all to hear this from me and not read it from the Daily Prophet as I'm sure that what I'm going to tell you will soon be public knowledge seeing as the press can't seem to get bored with the subject of my personal life". At this most of the people at the table let out knowing laughs, even Ginny let out a chuckle. "So, without any further ado…" He motioned for Amber to get up and held her hand in his, they both nodded simultaneously and instant smiles spread on their faces. Everybody was getting quite intrigued and Harry could see the impatience in their expressions. He was about to open his mouth to talk when Amber interrupted him: "Oh Harry would you please wait a minute, Ginny isn't here and you did say you wanted everyone present for the announcement." "I'm up here, you two." Ginny called out from her window with an amused look on her face making everyone turn their gazes away from the couple and towards the Burrow. "Go on now we are getting quite impatient", she added with a laugh. "OK fine, let's get this over with", whispered Harry to himself then he cleared his throat making everyone return his/her attention back to him. He gave Amber's hand a last squeeze and said: "We're engaged." Cries of joys were heard from all over the table and instantly people started congratulating the young couple. Even the children who didn't understand anything that was going on started to laugh. Most of the women had tears in their eyes and were overwhelming the couple in big hugs, and the men were patting Harry on the back with the exception of Fred and George who were wiping fake tears from their eyes: "Our little Harrykins is all grown up. He has no idea what he's getting himself into Gred", said George enveloping Harry and his twin brother into a hug. "I'm afraid he doesn't Forge, call it off while you can Harrykins it's not too late you know", continued Fred in the same mock tone." Harry let out a bark of laughter at the twin's comments. Over all the commotion, no one had noticed the sound of glass shattering from the upstairs bedroom; nor the sound of muffled crying. Ginny had still been holding the now broken picture and had dropped it in the shock of Harry's announcement. She didn't want to believe what she had just heard, yet she knew it was true and there was nothing she could do about it. She let her tears pour freely down her face. It didn't matter anymore to look strong. She lost him. He wasn't even hers to begin with. She picked up the picture from underneath the shattered glass and made her way towards her bed. She threw herself on her bed without bothering to kick the heels off her feet. She pressed the picture against herself hanging onto it as if someone was on his way to try and rip it away from her. Her muffled cries where starting to become loud sobs so she cast a silencing charm on the walls of her room not to let the sound of her sobs reach the backyard where everybody was currently celebrating. She was all alone and she couldn't even go find comfort in Harry's arms.