hem of his robes, keeping her gaze downcast. " And what have you done to warrant such a presumption?" Came the silky answer. " It will not be a burden on you, my lord, but a gift. I merely wish to capture James Potter if the situation ever arises," Her eyes were still fixed on a spot somewhere beside the little crack on the marble in front of her. " And why do you require that?" " Because he humiliated Severus and I took a vow, years ago, that I will not let him go unpunished," Her voice now took on a fiercer tone, anger and hate coating her words. " What will you do if I refused to grant you permission for such a thing?" This was asked more out of curiosity than any other reason, for the Dark Lord had already decided to grant her her wish, deciding it would not harm anyone and could actually prove to be beneficial, and to see how she would answer. Lily's lifted her head, her green eyes blazing like the killing curse, "Then I apologize, my lord, but I will take it upon myself to finish him off as painfully as I could the second I encounter him." She had gotten the permission she had seeked after that. Which brought her to the present, where she seemed almost bored as she twirled her wand, sending streaks of dangerous spells towards her target, who was becoming increasingly desperate with each passing second. Finally, a bone shattering hex broke through his, frankly, pathetic shield and hit him straight on the shoulder. His wand arm immediately went to his broken shoulder, leaving him unarmed and vulnerable for Lily to do as she pleased. She waved her wand around one more time, securing him tightly with magical bindings and apparated to the dungeons Severus had had built specifically for this reason. AS she looked at the bleeding and unconscious form of James Potter slumped against the wall, handcuffed and defeated, she looked like Christmas had come early. She couldn't have asked for a better anniversary present. "Why are you doing this, you freak?" James Potter sobbed as he felt the cursed knife digging even deeper into his chest. His hands and legs were bound in heavy chains that were dripping with Dark Magic, just like the knife that was being dragged across him. Lily was straddling him, a smile tugging at her lips and a crazy glint in her green eyes, "You deserve it, James, don't worry, there's still lots to come, so just sit back and relax." She punctuated her words by digging the knife in just a little deeper before taking it out and cleaning the blood with her white cotton dress that was already drenched in red. She leaned back to observe her handiwork, blood traitor written in block letters right in the middle of his chest. She hummed appreciatively before getting up. She threw the knife somewhere behind her, and rand a long nail down her prisoner's cheek, making him shudder and try to move back, not able to do so because of the wall. "Lily, love, are you quite done?" She heard Severus' voice echoing down the stairs to the dungeons, and before she had a chance to answer, long arms wrapped around her midsection, uncaring of the blood on her outfit. She turned her head slightly to meet Sev's lips halfway, and moaned as his warm hand travelled to her breast. His other hand trailed downwards to the hem of her skirt, tracing a few circles there before slowly hitching it up. His fingers reached her core, which was already dripping, and he rubbed against his. James Potter, still chained, and now freely bleeding from his chest, could do little more than watch in horror as his childhood love was being devoured by his childhood enemy. He watched Snape pull her white panties down, and gulped as he saw his fingers moving in and out of her swollen slit. He could see her legs quivering and as much as wanted to close his eyes and put all of this down to a nightmare, he couldn't. His eyes were wide open as if stuck by a spell and he watched in horrified silence as Snape gripped her breasts hard enough to leave handprints. Which he could clearly see. The couple broke away from each after a passionate minute and Severus' eyes went straight to the man chained on the wall. He felt no pity, or sympathy for him, and wondered if there was something wrong with him. Then at once, memories and sensations attacked him. The memory of being hung upside down with his underwear on show for all the world to see and the feel of his lover's small hands rubbing against his erection made him forget all about his earlier burst of misplaced conscience. James knew what they were trying to do. They were trying to break him, mentally and physically and they knew that they had succeeded in doing just that. The last thing he remembered before his eyes closed was seeing the satisfied smirk on Lily Evans' face. A face he had once thought was the most beautiful one in existence, but now could only wish he would be able to forget one day. Lily Evans held Severus Snape's hand as they stood beside each other on the podium. The Dark Lord was making his speech. They had won. Finally. The Light resistance had been crushed like a bug. Anyone who wished to join them would have to get the Dark Mark, everyone else would be disposed off. This was the day they had all been waiting for. They were free to be whom they wanted to be, no censorship, no ridiculous restraints. Lily lifted their joined hands up and pressed a kiss to the back of Severus' hand, feeling his lips press against her forehead as she did. She smiled. Everything was all right now.