Sirius tended to act before thinking, and was also, Harry mused, slightly delusional and immature, but then again, he had been locked up for quite a long time, the Dementors definitely had to have an effect on his mind. Either that, or insanity runs in the Black Family , Harry thought wryly, thinking of Bellatrix and how sadistically crazy she was. His mood darkened as he thought of Bellatrix, Harry scowled as he saw her sneering face in his mind's eye. One day, I'll kill that bitch , he thought with malevolence imagining her form writhing under his wand in pain. Harry abruptly stopped as he realised the rather violent directions his thoughts had taken. He didn't want to torture Bellatrix, did he? But a small part of him that he had not heard of before did. It craved her blood, the sound of her tortured screams; the satisfaction of watching the pain in her eyes as life slowly and torturously left her body- At that, Harry snapped out of his thoughts. What was that about? He wondered, certain that he had never felt that way about anyone before, and confused as to why he wasn't truly bothered with it. Shivering, he focused back on the events of the previous few hours. His mind also went back to what Dumbledore had told him in his office. The prophecy by Trelawney had somehow been leaked to Voldemort who had then proceeded to eliminate those who could pose a threat to him in the future. Harry laughed shakily to himself as he remembered the prophecy— 'The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches . . . born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies . . . and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not . . . and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives . . . the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies . . .' How Harry could be expected to defeat the most powerful dark Lord in modern times that had the advantage of fifty years of knowledge over him, was simply beyond him. Harry wondered about the vague 'Power he knows not' that the prophecy mentioned. Harry did not know what power that Voldemort had that Harry did not. Their childhoods were so similar that the power couldn't come from that. Voldemort and he had an abusive muggle upbringing. Both half-bloods, jet back hair. They were so eerily similar that they could have been family. But when he had asked Dumbledore what the power he knows not was supposed to be, the old man had said that his ability to love others was the power that Voldemort was not aware of. Harry snorted inwardly at that. What was he supposed to do…hug Voldemort to death? Harry was by now bone weary as he sat down on the ground. His emotions were running ragged. At least Dumbledore had promised to train him. He would train by himself even if Dumbledore didn't, Harry vowed to himself. The time was past where he depended on others to save him. Today, both he and Dumbledore had managed to drive off Voldemort together. Harry did not know what the white pulse of energy had been that had emerged from him and almost killed Bellatrix but it sure was effective. He would try to harness that power. Who knew, maybe he would blow Voldemort to bits next time. Come to think of it, Voldemort almost seemed afraid when he saw the burst of energy coming for him. His thoughts finally turned to the Ministry. The bunch of self-righteous, arse covering prigs did not care for any the people killed in the battle. No, they cared more about the infrastructure that had been destroyed as collateral damage during the fight, along with their public image. At least they had left him his trust vault and all the books and artefacts. The main vault was gone but from what Dumbledore had said, the main vault did not have much left in it either, after dealing with the blood war and Voldemort's first war. As Harry lied down on the comfortable grass, he was not aware of the battle that was still taking place for his soul. While the horcrux had almost been absorbed by his magic, a part of it was still lying unabsorbed as there was not enough of his magic left to combat. So, his magic started borrowing magic from the surroundings. The surplus magic did not destroy the remnants of the horcrux; instead it formed a series of impenetrable barriers around it that would prevent it from interacting with the main part of Harry's soul. The excess magic also repaired Harry's eyes and also completely healed the malnutrition of his body that would have otherwise plagued Harry for the rest of his life. This also led to expanding of Harry's core and by the time he turned eighteen, he would have a tremendous supply of magical energy to draw from. He finally drifted off as the events of the night finally took their toll on his body. Ok, firstly this chapter is basically copied and pasted from The rise of House of Potter from another website, so full shoutout to Batmanrishi for doing the bulk of the work for this. I've just done minor grammatical corrections and better wording. Also, if you notice I say colour instead of color, it's because I'm Australian. And I promise to actually put my own opinions into the story once the plot has been established. Just... I t's kind of hard to go from writing 1k words for a school assignment to keeping up with the 6k words a chapter legacy these stories have going for them, you know? - Stay tuned -