word was shouted out to the school, and he took the hat off to run down to his table. Remus was next, and it took a little while to place him before the hat declared him a Gryffindor too, and he joined James, grinning. Then it was "Black Sirius" and the whole Hall went so quiet you could hear a pin drop. "Another Black," muttered an older boy, "He'll be in Slytherin for sure," It was all James could do not to kick that boy, and charm him to his seat for good measure. However, he resisted the temptation, and turned to watch Sirius, who was nervously fiddling with his hands in his lap. "GRYFFINDOR!" The whole Hall was in shocked silence. Sirius froze, and didn't move, staring at the Gryffindor table as if it had sprouted wings and started flying. James knew what he had to do, and tugged at Remus to do the same. The both of them stood up on their seats and cheered, and slowly, the rest joined in, louder than they had for any student yet. Sirius face broke into an almighty grin, and rushed to join them. "Well done mate!" beamed James, "Knew you had it in you!" "Thanks!" said Sirius, collapsing into a chair beside him. "Pettigrew Peter," The chubby boy who had fell in the lake dashed over to the stool. It took a whole minute for the hat to decide, sending him to GRYFFINDOR! He sat down next to Remus, looking pleased with himself and staring hungrily at the plates. At last when "Prewett Molly," was made the final Gryffindor, Professor Dumbledore, the Headmaster of Hogwarts stood up, beaming at them all. "I don't want to make you wait any further, so tuck in!" he boomed, and suddenly the empty plates and dishes were full of food! James gaped at it all. There was lamb stew, beef stew, pork chops, roast potatoes, boiled potatoes, peas, carrots and gravy and so much more! Helping himself to a large portion of roast chicken, potatoes and sweetcorn, James began to eat. He didn't bring money for the train snacks, and was ravenous, and so were the other three. The dinner was soon overtaken by desserts; trifles, jellies, blancmanges, meringue, ice cream in every flavour you could think of and rich tarts. James vaguely thought how anyone could ever do on a diet at Hogwarts, as he devoured a sponge cake in hungry bites. Full to bursting and tremendously tired, James turned to face the Headteacher again. "Now, before you can go to your delightfully warm beds, there are a few notices to be given out." Dumbledore announced, "First is that the forbidden forest is, of course, forbidden. And Mr Filch has told me to remind you all, that no magic should be used in the corridors. His list of banned items this year stretches to yelling yo-yos, and fanged frisbees. The list containing One hundred and sixty five objects is hung up in Mr Filch's office, for anyone who wants to consult it. And finally, Quidditch tryouts (Here James sat up very suddenly) are in the second week of this term. Anyone wanting on a team must contact Madame Hooch. First years are not allowed on the team." James slumped back down in his seat, looking moody. "And now," Dumbledore cried, flicking his wand, "The school song. Sing whatever tune you please." A ribbon -like material burst out of his wand and formed into words. The Hall burst into sudden melodies, each as different to each other. James and Sirius both grinned, and started singing to a very slow, sad tune, making sure they were last. Dumbledore conducted their last lines with his wand, and the ribbon disappeared. "Ah music," he said, dabbing at his eyes, "And now, bed. Lessons begin tomorrow. The Head boy and Girl should lead the first years. Chop chop," There was an immediate scraping of chairs as James, Sirius and Remus made their way to a much nicer looking head girl than the stuck up prefect they met. Speaking of which, she was standing a little way over, trying to nose her way in. "Come on, First years over to me, don't be frightened, it's easy to get lost. I still get lost sometimes! My name is Charlotte. Come on, First years over here!" The stuck up prefect girl sniffed, and swept past the head girl. It was obvious she wanted the position of head girl, and didn't get it. Once all the first years had been gathered, they set off in the direction of Gryffindor tower. Too sleepy to notice much, James wasn't bothered by the moving staircases or trick steps. Even the doors had to be talked to and tickled in places before they got to Gryffindor tower. "Why are there so many steps?" grumbled Sirius, tiredly, and James agreed as they made their way up the tower. "Now this," said Charlotte, turning to them in front of a large portrait of a larger lady, "Is the Fat Lady. You need to give the password to her in order to enter the Gryffindor common room. This way no other house members will sneak in without permission. This month's password is Lovoto Lemoski" The portrait door swung open, and they all stumbled inside. The Head Boy listed the people sharing dormitories, and to James' delight he found he would be sharing with Remus, Sirius and Peter. (Still a little damp from the lake) James found his trunk put closest to the window. It was all he could do not to just dive under the covers and sleep. But he made himself pull his pajamas on, and brush his sugar filled teeth (James had overloaded a little on pudding). There was very little talk, and Peter had just flopped onto his bed fully clothed, snoring like a bear. James yawned a goodnight to the other two, and leapt into bed, burrowing down under the covers and falling fast asleep.