to be friends because of your time turner. "Important?" The girl didn't look convinced, but after a moment her face changed completely. "Oh... Important? You mean that you... Harry, why didn't you tell us?" "What? We're not..." he began, quickly realizing what she meant, then changing his mind. Well, it would be much easier to say that they were together than to explain why the Dark Lord ate dinner at the Burrow. "I was a little concerned how you'd react..." "You shouldn't!" Hermione nearly cried, hugging him. Harry felt strange cheating on her. Well, was he really lying all that much? " Don't you be afraid, come and take a sip of this steamy, tasty treat! " Of course, Celestine Warbeck finally has arrived at the Burrow, just as Harry predicted. He didn't foresee, however, that with the first bars of the terrible songs two people will run into the room, Mrs. Weasley and Tom Riddle, demanding unanimously: "Turn it up!" The request was reluctantly fulfilled by Ron, who was standing closest to the radio and his expression only increased the general hilarity of the view. Hermione looked pointedly at Harry and left him alone, grabbing two champagne glasses on her way. He could clearly see she was happy for him, even if she didn't understand. "The less she knows, the better she sleeps," Harry's heard Tom's voice somewhere near and turned to face him. He looked much healthier than in the summer and probably a lot better than during his quick encounter with the old baker specializing in apple pies with thyme. Wasn't Tom a little bit older now? How many years passed since their last meeting? "I don't recall allowing you to mess with my head," Harry replied, though he was more amused than angry. It was still hard to believe Tom was really by his side. They sat by the fireplace, with Celestine Warbeck still singing about the unfortunate cauldron full of love in the background. Harry suspected that the singer had to be rather popular during Tom's youth. Did he have a collection of her albums? Harry never thought about the Dark Lord in such a way. Mr. Delacour sarved them with champagne and exchanged a few words with Tom in his native language. It sounded like a strange magic, though probably not a curse, because the Frenchman laughed, patted the stranger friendly on the shoulder and walked toward his daughters. They weren't talking much - it seemed that silence was more natural for them. Didn't they say anything they wanted to before? Deadly curses, poison draped in words – there was no need to go back to it. They couldn't apologize because no words would express their grief. What else was there to say? None of them could - and probably didn't want to – talk about the way they felt. It was... well, for the first time in so many years. Harry didn't notice when exactly Tom took his hand. It was so natural no one looked their way. Well, maybe Ron seemed a little confused, but Hermione quickly turned his attention to Mrs. Weasley's cheesecake. Tom was warm, so completely different from Lord Voldemort, and even from that other Tom Harry's met in the garden - he was no longer like the first sunrise of spring or like a summer breeze; he was like the fire burning in Weasley's living room on a winter night full of miracles. Time passed and the room slowly emptied. They were all going to sleep peacefully, without knowing who was under their roof. Would they believe if Harry told them who Tom was? Once he too couldn't believe that face was a mask of a monster. The more he thought about it, the more he was sure Tom Tiddle who was now sitting next to him was someone entirely different from the boy he's met so many years ago in the Chamber of Secrets. "Midnight," Tom said softly, hearing the distant bells; darkness carried their sonorous voice over the snow-strewn fields. "The hour of magic." "And Ghosts of Christmas," Harry added, looking at the gifts appearing under the Christmas tree. He recognized the longitudinal package with Victoire's first broom. "You know I have to go soon." Tom stared at the fire, as if trying to see something more than the dancing flames. "It's not my place, not my time." Is it my place and my time?, Harry wanted to ask, but said nothing. Something in those words was too final and he still couldn't make his decision. Tom got up, looking for his coat. Something dark and slimy began to hinder his breathing and Harry could practically hear his thought: Apparently I was counting on too much. The number of miracles for one person is probably limited . Tom saw his coat on the back of one of the chairs, scarf lying on the couch; he had no idea how it got there. Harry thought the fireplace was suddenly less warm. Did it lack fresh logs? Or maybe it was only him missing the closeness of another person? A particular person he shouldn't be sharing anything with? "Gifts!" Harry exclaimed suddenly, when the weary wanderer was almost opening the door. "I don't expect any," Tom Riddle replied, strangely unfamiliar, and Harry felt guilty. There was so much they could do. Together. "Maybe you should?" He asked with a smile, pulling a package wrapped in red shiny paper – very similar to several others lying beside - from under the tree. "For me? From whom?" From the one and only Molly Weasley, the mother of so many children, Harry thought with a smile, seeing a green sweater with a golden T emerging from the package, a twin to his own gift as he realized a minute later. "Much better," Harry said, immediately dressing up. "Warmer. Ideally for the road." "The road?" "I couldn't leave such a hopeless case alone." ... "Dad, where's uncle Harry?" "Uncle Harry? What Harry?"