her eyes from the ceiling and looked up at the slightly raised platform where a stool was placed, a dingy looking, frayed hat sat upon it and she cocked her head curiously as she tried to decide what this was all about. She didn't need to wait long because a large rip above the hat's brim seemed to open like a mouth and it was suddenly singing! It sang of the four founders and their falling out and the dark times and the bright times and sang of the victory over the Dark Lord...and when it fell silent Professor Flitwick stepped foreward and cleared his throat before calling out: "Applebee, Peter!" Peter Applebee turned out to be a thin, beanpole of a boy with a shock of black hair and stunningly bue eyes and he nervously stumbled up to the stool and sat. Flitwick, who had enchanted himself to hover high enough to reach, placed the frayed, singing hat onto Peter Applebee's head. For a long moment, nothing happened, and Roxanne began to feel second hand embarrassment for Peter...but then: "RAVENCLAW!" The hat shouted the name of one of the four Houses and Peter Applebee slid off the stool looking nervous but excited as he made his way to the table where students in blue hooded robes were cheering for their new addition. So, THIS was the test? Put on a manky old hat and it would tell you where you would spend the next seven years of your life? It sounded like a faulty system to her...but she remembered her mother claiming the test was flawless and always ended up being the right choice. Burns, Clair ended up in Gryffindor. Two kids with the last name Endsley who were not related were put in Ravenclaw. Fortescue, Rolland was sent slinking off to Slytherin and Golden, Piper was chosen for Hufflepuff. Then Flitwick squeked out "Halliday, Amelia!" and Roxanne felt her heart in her throat as she watched the familiar girl make her way up to the stool with a determined sort of look on her face. The hat remained silent for what seemed an abnormally long time and Flitwick pulled out his pocketwatch to check the time, he was about to speak when finally the seam opened and shouted: "SLYTHERIN!" Roxanne's heart sunk. Slytherin...that was the House that turned out the most evil witches and wizards and had a reputation for it's unsavory sort of students as well as a common room found in the DUNGEONS of all places...did that mean Amelia truly wasn't to be trusted? The crowd of unsorted First Years was quickly dwindling and Roxanne clapped along with the rest at each shout the hat gave, although a bit more enthusiastically for Lorcan and Lysander who were both sent off to the Hufflepuff table although she felt a bit sad about it because she had hoped they would be with her and Fred in Gryffindor! And not long after that, she and Fred were the last two unsorted children who remained. "Weasley, Fredrick!" Flitwick squeaked and Roxanne could have sworn there was a tinge of something sad in his tone as he called the name. Fred sauntered up to the stool and sat there looking for all the world as if he was unfazed by the ceremony, but the way his left leg bounced gave away the tension Roxanne knew he was teeming with. The hat was barely even set on his head when it yelled: "GRYFFINDOR!" and there was an uproar of applause from the table directly behind her that almost drowned out the "Weasley, Roxanne!" that followed the hat's decision for her twin. Swallowing her fear, she dragged her suddenly much to long and heavy legs up to the stool and sat on it, feeling silly for her fear but tryin not to let either of those emotions show as the hat was slipped onto her head, the brim coverin her eyes so the whole school disappeared. Indeed, she could no loner hear them either, it was as if she and the hat were alone. "Ahhhh, if it isn't another Weasley; not only that, but another twin too! Let's see what lies inside you then, hmmmmm?" The hat spoke to her in a sort of hushed tone, wise sounding and patient as it scoured her mind for the core of her personality. "You come from a long line of brave and daring individuals, don't you? Yes, yes, your father and his brother...I remember placing them in their day...a very close call with them...I believe it was the correct call in the end but you...you are nothing like them, are you?" Her stomach dropped, a thousand insecurities came flooding in. She craved so much to be like her father and yet she never could make jokes as easily as her brother nor could she ever come up with new ideas for items in the shop, she could rarely pull off a decent prank without it being found out ahead of time. And yet she wasn't anything like her mother either...her sport abilities were zero and her drive to be the best barely had any effect on her. She wasn't like a Weasley. She wasn't like a Johnson. She was...just Roxanne. "Just you, eh? And this is something that worries you, I see. You try so hard to live up to what's expected of you and you lose sight of what you truly want to become...it seems to me that you need to be put somewhere where you can find out who you truly are and live among students like yourself who are struggling to find a solid identity. I've made my decision then...it had best be..." And if Roxanne had been scared before, it was nothing compared to the stone that sunk into her belly at what the Hat shouted to the entire school: "SLYTHERIN!" XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx Well, there's the start! Let me know what you think so far if you would be so kind :)