should be your first priority," Mrs Granger stated piously. "Not your studies. You should have thought a bit harder about how important your studies were before you went and had a child! And then maybe you wouldn't be in this mess." Helena felt something snap inside her. How dare she? She thought, her anger rapidly bubbling up again. All pretence at kindness and politeness had vanished from their relationship now, Helena realised. She didn't have time for this. She was sick of answering to these accusations when she was spending every waking minute working as hard as she could to secure the future of her young family. "Alun and I can't change the fact that we had Hermione when we did," Helena replied, tears rolling down her cheeks while she held Hermione closer still. "But we don't at all resent having Hermione now. She's our daughter and we love her more than anything! I can't change what's happened, but I can give us all the very best chance in the long run by finishing my own education now! Everything that I'm working for is for Hermione! Alun supports it, my parents support it, so why can't you?" Helena stared resignedly at Mrs Granger who had a peculiar expression on her face. Her eyes were on Hermione's red, tear stained face. Her bottom lip quivered slightly and looked as though she were close to defeat. However, she stiffened herself up and looked away from Hermione, her eyes locked forcibly on Helena's again. "How can this be in Hermione's best interests if her own mother isn't there to look after her? Odd things keep happening around that girl and you're not there to figure out why! You can talk all day about how this is all for your daughter's benefit, and not for your own ego, but you can't fool me. Mrs Granger blinked, and Helena thought her eyes had been close to flickering towards Hermione again but had decided, within a fraction of a second, that it was best to not to look at her. " That Girl is going to get herself into trouble one day," Mrs Granger continued. "It's your responsibility to show her that she can't grab whatever she likes, or do whatever she likes! And being allowed to look at books too difficult for her to understand all day by your parents won't do her any good!" "At least my parents want to help us be the best we can!" Helena spat back, tears falling thick and fast from her eyes as she stood up, picking Hermione up from the sofa. "Not once have you offered to help us, to spend time with Hermione or come over to look after her while Alun and I are at work! We may be stretched for time and money for childcare right now but Hermione is happy and loved just as she is!" Helena kissed Hermione and wiped her eyes as she buckled her into a pushchair, wiping Hermione's eyes with the end of her sleeve. Hermione looked into her mother's eyes and smiled as fresh tears rolled down her cheeks. Helena's heart melted. Helena stood up finally, tall and resolute, and looked back at Mrs Granger who was indignant at Helena's preparations to leave without dismissal. "Yes, odd things do happen around Hermione that I can't explain," Helena said calmly, wiping her own eyes. "She once managed to get hold of a toy from the opposite side of her bedroom even though she had been settled down in her cot for a nap. I couldn't figure out how she'd gotten hold of it. We were pretty darned sure that we'd placed it with her other toys on the top shelf of her bookcase. But we weren't mad at her! We were confused and curious as to how she'd managed it, yes, but certainly not angry. She's only two…" Helena took out her purse and placed a crumpled five-pound note next to her empty mug on the coffee table. "Hermione's not "odd"," Helena stated, meeting Mrs Granger's eyes for the last time. "She's wonderful. The brightest child of her age I've ever seen. And we're happy." With that, Helena looked away and began to guide the pushchair towards the café door. Mrs Granger stayed sat on the sofa, watching them pass, lost for anything to get the last say. Helena saw Hermione's soft, little hand attempt a small wave at her speechless grandmother as they left Boste's Brew. Helena sobbed silently to herself as they made their way towards the university campus. She was exhausted but full of a fierce love for Hermione who was still waving at passers-by out of her pushchair as other city workers gasped as a few owls swooped overhead. More groups of strangely dressed people caught Helena's attention as they passed. She could hear some of them muttering as they huddled together. "You-Know-Who has gone at last! The poor Potters, though - what heroes! But what will happen to Harry now?" As they turned into the street leading to campus, Helena spotted three of these peculiarly dressed people loitering by the grand, two storey Tudor library building; two women and one man. One of the women, dressed in a bright orange velvet cloak with a matching tasselled flat cap, noticed Hermione waving eagerly in their direction. Smiling bracingly back the woman pointed the little girl to her companions, who then also turned to look at her warmly and return her waves, their eyes twinkling with delight. She had no idea who You-Know-Who was, or what had happened to these Potters but, as Hermione chuckled happily to herself, all anxiety gone, Helena felt a part of their joy. Her little Hermione may be odd at times, she thought her own tension ebbing away, but just like these people, she was happy, kind and bright. And that was all that mattered right now. And with that Helena and Hermione made their way into the Classical Studies library.