to the forefront of her mind. "Hermione." The voice was stern, one that was used to being listened to. "No! Let me go! LET ME GO!" Hermione shouted as she struggled with all her might. However, Fenrir was much stronger. A loud crack echoed through the house as he swatted her bottom. "You will obey me as everyone does in this camp." His voice was deadly calm as he picked her up and threw her over his shoulder. He walked her to the bed and tossed her on it. He quickly closed something cold over both of her wrists and by the time she realized he was chaining her to the bed he had already gotten another clamp around her right ankle. Kicking and screaming wildly she thrashed on the bed, violently connecting with her captor every chance she got. With Fenrir's quicker reflexes it didn't take him long to capture her other leg and chain that ankle as well. Through her sobs, she just barely heard the nurse worrying over her mental and emotional state and suggesting a calming potion before proceeding. It took Fenrir holding her nose for her to drink anything. It didn't take long for the potion to take effect and for Hermione to be able to lazily focus on the others' conversation. "What are you saying healer?" "The physical injuries are minimal. I have a salve that I will rub into her skin that will heal all external damage. I am worried for her, though. When you saw her in Malfoy Manor, the bond recognized its mate. We had established that earlier with your side effects. However, I doubt that it has just been you that has been affected. She seems unstable. I think the bond has been slowly eating away at her mentally and emotionally. You need to complete it before it does irreversible damage, if it hasn't already." "I will not take her against her will." "Then you will need to figure out something tonight or bid your people good bye. I fear you don't have much longer." "Thank you healer. I will consider what you have told me. I would like to take care of her injuries, though." "Yes, Alpha." "Go tend to Derek. He took a curse tonight. I expect you back in the morning to check on her." He waited for the elderly female to bow her head to him and start towards the door before he started making his way towards Hermione. Her eyes followed him until he sat on the bed next to her. "When did you remove my clothing?" "You don't remember?" "No." "Shortly after I secured you to the bed I cut them away so that the healer could check you fully for injuries. Do you remember that?" "No." "The calming draught seems to have worked on you like a drug. Your condition is very worrisome." "Is there something wrong with me?" "Yes and no. I will be doing my best to fix it and try to make you happy." "Why?" "We need each other… Now let me tend to your wounds." Fenrir reached for the salve sitting on the nightstand and readjusted himself on the bed as he dipped his fingers into it and brought out a generous amount. Leaning over her, he started massaging the salve into the back of her scalp where he had held her by her hair earlier. Hermione closed her eyes as her pounding headache faded and her senses were filled with the strong sensual musk of the man beside her. His scent caused electricity to jolt to her core. His aroma was strong and dominant and everything she had ever dreamed of. She felt his fingers move to her lips. Tracing them sensually as he ran the medicine over her busted bottom lip. She felt it heal under his ministrations. His fingers stalled not wanting to move from their position. It was purely natural reaction when Hermione's tongue darted from her mouth and swirled around the tip of his thumb. His deep, almost repressed, moan had Hermione clenching her thighs together. Feather light touches traced down her neck and breasts until they reached her ribs. Dipping back into the salve, he took away the evidence of his earlier tackle as he sucked one of her tight nipples into his mouth. Flicking his tongue around her bud, he climbed between her legs, spread eagle on the bed. Moving to the next breast he felt his control starting to slip as she moaned underneath him and arched into his touch. He nipped, licked and kissed his way down to her hips where he quickly healed a bruise from her earlier fall before lightly nipping at her femininely rounded belly. "Please" "Please what, Hermione?" "More. I need more. Please." -R Rated Frenzied Femine Oral Scene Removed Due To FFN Rules. Full Chapter Can Be Found On Hunting Horcurxes.- It took a few minutes for him to collect himself before he kissed her thigh and pushed himself away from her. He pulled his clothing back into place. Collecting the extra blanket that had been at the bottom of the bed, he tossed it in a pile in the corner of the room. A choked sob caught his attention. Walking back to the bed he saw nearly silent tears running down her cheeks. "What is the matter?" Once again, his concerned tone seemed out of place. He lightly ran his hand through her hair in a loving gesture. "DON'T TOUCH ME! I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU!" Withdrawing his hand as if he had been burned, Fenrir stepped back. He stood there, watching her cry and unsure of what to do with himself. He didn't move until Hermione turned her head in the opposite direction, trying to ignore him. Walking over to the couch, he pulled a deer hide blanket from the back and placed it over her form before walking from the house. Her heart clenched at the slight slam of the door.