Draco didn't even realize his slip until Harry tugged him into an alcove and threw his arms around Draco's shoulders, pulling him towards him until their chests were flushed against each other and slotted their mouths together. Draco gasped in surprise and gripped Harry's shoulders. Harry broke the kiss panting. "We're going to be late to class." Draco didn't have time to ask what the hell Harry thought he was doing because he was already tearing down the hall towards Charms. Scrivenshaft's Quill Shop smelt of ink and parchment. Draco was aimlessly chatting about the different types of quills he picked up and Harry listened contently, keeping an ear open for any swears. They weren't the only ones in the store, a group of third years were gossiping by the counter, a girl with blonde hair had just purchased a bottle of ink. Harry wondered if he should buy some as well. "Are you even listening to me Potter?" Draco cut into Harry's train of thought. He hummed and turned his attention back to Draco who was clutching a bottle of rainbow ink. "What are you getting that for?" Harry questioned, eyes flicking between the bottle and Draco's eyes. "I'm not, I was just holding it." He quickly puts the bottle down. Harry quirked an eyebrow but Draco had turned back to his quills. "I think I'll get these two." He says after a moment and Harry moves closer. His front pressing against Draco's back. Draco smelt like broom polish, lemons and Treacle Tart, making Harry's knees weak. "They look like ordinary quills." Draco rolled his eyes, pivoting where he stands to face Harry and slap at his shoulder. "What was that for?" Harry asks, faking offence to Draco's action. "They are ordinary quills, don't you know anything?" Harry deadpans, "I'll have you know I know 12 things." Draco tossed his head back in a surprisingly loud laugh, echoing throughout the quill shop. Harry watched Draco's Adams apple bob in his throat, finding himself wanting to claim the pale expanse of skin. "Fuck, Potter." Draco giggled once more before clearing his throat. An amused smile sat on Draco's lips, his grey eyes filled with a happiness he only found in Harry. Harry slipped his hands to Draco's waist, green eyes shinning and filled with a happiness he only found in Draco. They stared at each other, eyes locked in some ridiculous declaration of love. Harry tilted his head up, claiming Draco's lips with his own. But this time it wasn't just because Draco swore, it was because he wanted to. He wanted to kiss Draco always. Draco's eyes fluttered shut, quills forgotten in his hands which he wrapped around Harry's neck, running his fingers through the black curls, tugging at them to deepen the kiss. Harry squeezed Draco's hips making him gasp, Harry took this as an invitation to slid his tongue into Draco's mouth. Draco moaned into the kiss and willing let Harry explore his mouth. When Harry pulled away it was only because he needed air. Lips inches apart, Harry sucked in the air Draco breathed out, his thumbs rubbing small circles into Draco's hips. Draco laughed, a happy little sound that was contagious. They laughed happily together, warm, wonderful little sounds that went straight to Harry's heart. "Bloody hell," Draco says and Harry closes the space between them once more, even though technically 'bloody hell' isn't much of a swear. A week later everyone's enjoying dinner in the Great Hall. The eighth years are whispering among themselves, watching Harry and Draco over their spoons of pudding and cups of pumpkin juice. Harry and Draco are sitting together, which isn't unusual, neither is the way the laugh together, or look at each other like they hung the moon, but they way Harry is tracing random patterns into the back of Draco's hand with his fingers tips is unusual. Hermione and Ron neither confirm nor do they deny that Draco and Harry have finally gotten together, which just makes the rest of the table suspicious and someone pulls out the piece of parchment with all their bets written on it. "People are looking." Draco whispers into Harry's ear. Harry smirks, "let them." "You're not afraid of what people will think? I can see the head lines now 'Former Death Eater Captures Harry Potter's Heart'.'' Harry grins at Draco's words and laces his fingers through Draco's on the table. There's a 'whoop!' from someone down the table and a collective groan travels throughout the rest. Younger students from their places at the house tables are now looking over at the commotion from the eighth year table. Even the professors are looking. Seamus is waving the piece of parchment with their bets on it over his head, a manic grin plastered on his face, their classmates are handing down coins and little bags of money, a small pile forming by his dinner plate. "What's happening?" Harry asks Ron who is grumbling, fishing in his pockets for a Galleon. Seamus hands Harry the piece of parchment and Harry soaks it all in. "You bet on us?" He shouts down the table. Hermione offers him a shrug and flicks Seamus a coin. "'One week from today they'll hold hands,''' Draco reads. Neville throws a bread roll at Seamus' head instead of a Galleon. Seamus takes it as acceptable payment. "What the fuck?" Harry shouts again. Now everybody is looking. Harry's not angry, not really. He's just embarrassed that everyone seemed to know while him and Draco had tried to keep their relationship quiet. Draco's laughing beside him, their thighs touch under the table. "You swore Potter," is all he says before threading his fingers in Harry's hair and locking their lips together in front of the everyone in the Great Hall. There's a pregnant pause of shocked silence before everyone starts talking at once, but Harry and Draco take no notice of it, too wrapped up in each other to give a fuck