still staring at him in distress. She was dating a rich pureblood who joked about spoiling his muggleborn girlfriend with ice cream. Lily had no idea how'd she gotten so lucky in life. He sighed at her expression and placed his chin on the top of her head. "Well," he said with a playful chuckle, "At least I know you aren't dating me for my money." Lily pulled back and shot him an annoyed glare, "Are you sure it's all real?" she debated, "I mean you had mountains of gold!" James rolled his eyes at her, "Of course it's real, Lily. Merlin ." "But where did it come from?" Lily asked, her questions finally spilling out, "Are all purebloods this well off?" James shook his finger at her immediately, "No. Absolutely not." He raised his nose in the air, "Besides, the Potter money was all well earned—my father worked his arse off for most of it." "But how?" Lily demanded, "I mean, James you've got mountains of gold. Mountains ." James was flushing, clearly embarrassed by her attention to detail, "My dad invented potions and stuff." Lily tilted her head at James, "You never told me your father was a potioneer. What did he invent?" James scratched his head, clearly embarrassed, "Ever heard of Sleekeazy?" "Like the hair product?" Lily's eyes opened wide with comprehension and when he flushed she finally laughed for real since they'd entered Gringotts. Witches with bushy hair used Sleekeazy's hair potion to flatten their curls. Lily's curly haired roommate Anita used it everyday, swearing by the product. It must've worked because Lily hadn't seen Anita with curly hair since third year. Still laughing, Lily reached up to James' scalp and she ran her fingers through the messy strands playfully. If anyone needed Sleekeazy's Hair Potion it was James Potter. "You're joking." Lily whispered, completely befuddled as she tugged her fingers through his hair, "Your dad invented the product you could use the most with this rat's nest." "I happen to love my hair." James said proudly as Lily massaged his scalp, "Rats nest and all." Lily had to agree that her favorite part of James was the way his black hair sat atop his scalp, unruly and messy. She loved running her fingers through the strands just as much as James did. Even still, it was hilarious that all the gold in James' vault was thanks to his father creating a potion that could rid James of his characteristic black hair with two drops. James leaned down and placed his lips over hers again, rocking her backwards with a playful push to her hips. Lily smiled fervently against his lips and he bit her playfully before pulling away from her. She continued smiling at him, letting out a wicked giggle that made James lift one of his bushy eyebrows. "What now?" he laughed, leaning his forehead against hers as she wound her fingers into his hair at the nape of his neck. She stated with a playful smirk as he slowly walked her back into one of the large pillars at the front of the Gringott's building, "You'd think you'd beat my marks in Potions with your genetics…and yet I still whooped your arse in the final." His lips caught her wicked laugh and he swallowed it, refusing to allow her to breathe properly until her laugh turned into a happy sigh against his lips. He pulled away and then caught her in another kiss before leaning his head against her forehead. She let her hands fall around his shoulders. James smiled as she opened her eyes and met his gaze. "Can we put a spending limit on our Christmas gifts?" she enquired. "Absolutely not." He scoffed, "Besides, I already got you your gift." Lily paled considerably and he laughed while he swung one arm around her shoulder, dragging her down the stairs of Gringrotts. Lily leaned into his touch and as they walked down the street the money in her coin purse jingled. The sound was something she'd just have to get used too. "Just promise not to buy me a dragon or anything equally as ridiculous?" Lily begged James. "No dragons?" James exclaimed loudly and passerby stared, "Dammit Lily, now I gotta return Mr. Sniffles." Lily pinched his side, "I'm serious James, be frugal." He stopped them in the middle of the road, twirling her so she was facing him and he had both hands on her shoulders, "You're my girlfriend and I maintain certain rights to buy you whatever I want. Whenever I want. Including right now, because I'm buying that ice cream you wanted." Lily wrinkled her nose at him, showing him her annoyance but inside her heart was beating frantically. "You're stupid." She told him and he scoffed at her insult, throwing his arm back around her shoulder to lead her towards the ice cream shop. She was in love with him. She was in love with his stupid smiles, his stupid jokes, and his stupid family. "Well there's one thing good about your weird aversion towards my mountains of money." James commented as they reentered the ice cream shop. "And what's what?" "You definitely aren't shagging me for my money." Lily hoped her well-aimed punch in the gut hurt but James just laughed and pressed a kiss against her cheek as they walked up to the ice cream counter. Lily smiled thankfully as James bought them both a hot fudge sundae to share. They sat down at a booth by the windows decorated with Christmas lights. James stole the cherry and licked the whip cream from his fingers. Lily fought to eat all the chocolate ice cream before him. Their spoons battled in the bowl and he won, taking a large spoonful of the chocolate ice cream with a triumphant grin. "Rich prat." She said, albeit affectionately. James flashed a wicked grin as he licked his spoon, "Love you." And she loved him too, for richer or for poorer.