Fred and George, Ronald and Ginevra" "Yes," said Penny slowly, "And Fred and Vic are both Gryffindor, but Lucy isn't" This was, of course true. Lucy Weasley, a fourth year girl and the eldest daughter of Percy Weasley, a ministry official, was in fact in Ravenclaw. The others mumbled agreement before turning to other subjects, but Ally instead looked faintly green. "Do you think if family members have a history of ending up in the same house, there's more chance the pattern will break?" She asked, anxiously, gripping suddenly at Penny's sleeve. Penny was shaken, Ally's sister was starting this year, of course, but why should she have any worries about what house she'd end up in? "Tilda will be fine, Ally," Penny settled on saying, 'no matter what house she ends up in." Both of them ignored the obvious unsaid words of that statement, and then they no longer had to talk about it as Professor McGonagall, the Headmistress, stood to address the assembled second through seventh year students. They quieted for the sorting, watching as Professor Chang, who was this year in charge of the process, led in the smallest students of the school. They shuffled in anxiously, and Penny remembered briefly her time just before her sorting, staring nervously as the assembled houses looked up at you. Two kids in the line stood sopping wet, and Penny recognised Tilda Brown, Ally's sister as one of them. The Head Boy and Girl brought out the stool and hat from the chamber behind the staff table, setting it down for the first years to be sorted. The hat began its song, and finished it to wild applause. Professor Chang stood behind the stool, a list of names printed on Parchment. Armand, Jenny was the first to be sorted, the hat taking no longer than thirty seconds to place her into Ravenclaw, her tie and crest on her robes subtly changing as she sat down at the table into the blue and bronze of her new house. Atwell, Jefferson became a Slytherin and Barnette, Constance another Ravenclaw before Tilda took her turn on the stool. Penny glanced around at Ally, who was watching intently as Chang said, "Brown, Matilda" The hat had barely touched the girls head before it screamed, "Gryffindor!" to the thunderous applause at the Gryffindor table. Penny saw Ally grin as her sister became the first new Gryffindor of the year. The little, shaggy haired girl, still dripping wet craned her neck from where she sat down the table to look for her older sister. Ally gave her thumbs up and Tilda grinned, returning the gesture. "You had nothing to worry about, you egg." Penny told her friend during the sorting of Spencer, Jackson as the hat took a long time to decide on Hufflepuff. "Yes," said Ally, looking a little abashed and slightly happier than before, "But she's a right terror sometimes… I didn't really want to see her in Slytherin." And Penny's subconscious niggled again. "She's a Gryffindor, just like you." Penny affirmed, as they watched Vic's little sister take the stage. "Weasley, Dominique" said Chang, smiling at the girl as she made her way past, towards the ancient black hat. The hat took quite a while to consider Dominique. Penny wondered what it was swaying between. Was it considering Gryffindor for this Weasley? Or was she likely to break family tradition. At three minutes and thirty-seven seconds Dominique Weasley's plain black Hogwarts tie changed into yellow and black. "Hufflepuff!" Proclaimed the hat, as Dominique, her hair far more ginger than her sister's, left the stool for the Hufflepuff table, which was applauding their newest member. Penny noticed Victoire and Fred seemed to be clapping the loudest. Fred stuck his fingers in his mouth and wolf-whistled. As the evening progressed, and some of the younger students started drooping a bit, Penny found herself thinking about Tilda and Dominique and their families. Vic and Fred seemed perfectly fine that Dominique was not in Gryffindor, but Ally had seemed to think it was Gryffindor or bust. Not for the first time that day, she found herself considering the Slytherin table, wondering if, like Ally, the Weasleys had the same prejudice against the house. Author's Note: Hello there, and thank you so much for reading this first Chapter. I'm sure more will be on the way shortly, as soon as I can get around to it. Living in the Southern Hemisphere and being a high school student, I am on Summer Holidays so I should be fairly active. I've had a long hiatus from this site since officially retiring from writing Warriors Fanfiction after, how do I put this, growing up somewhat. I sincerely hope you enjoy this story and all follows, favourites and especially reviews are very welcome. I will at this point say that coming from New Zealand I favour the way of spelling some words that I grew up with, I believe this differs somewhat from American Spelling (eg, I spell Color, Colour, etc.). I am a huge fan of constructive criticism of my work, but please refrain from pointing out these spelling differences. On another note, this is a story with an open SYOC for minor characters. I have already written most of the Gryffindors in Penny's year, but most other year groups and houses have ranks that need filling. I'm not too fussy with what information you give me, name, house and year group will do nicely. I can promise that if you submit a character they will most likely appear or be mentioned in a chapter, but please restrict your submissions to just one or two! :) Next Chapter: Classes start and Margo's brothers enter our tale with a bang. Penny learns more about the Wizarding Wars and the significance of Slytherin and Gryffindor in the conflicts and Allison struggles with a "family issue" that won't stay hidden for much longer and Matilda and Dominique make a unique friendship with another student.