dark hallway, James knew the answer to his own question but he couldn't bring himself to admit it. Lily was as different in the magical world as she'd been in the muggle world. He took a step closer and wrapped his hands in hers. His forehead pressed against hers. She closed her eyes, listening to the sound of his tranquil breathing. "I meant what I said when we were kids." He told her gently, "Point me in their direction, I'll hex anyone who even looks at you funny." She felt her lips curve into a smile, "Not if I hex them first." "Are you still mad at me?" Lily pulled her forehead from his so she could look him in the eyes, "Will you do me a favor?" "Anything." Her cheeks flushed again when he brought a hand up to her cheeks to brush her dark red hair from her eyes. Her eyes were wide and she wondered how she could go from being boiling mad at James one second, to feeling completely infatuated with him the next. "When you want to make someone laugh," she said finally, "Maybe don't put frogspawn in their hair?" "I'll stick to telling my killer jokes." James pledged. "Maybe not your jokes either," Lily said weakly. "Why not?" James' voice rose in defense. The corner of her lips lifted, "They're a little corny." "Excuse you Evans, but my joke about the wizard and the disappearing barstool gets you every time." A breathy laugh escaped her chest, "James that's your worst joke." "You laugh every time!" She didn't know how to tell James that she laughed at anything that came out of his mouth, even when she was mad at him, she was utterly charmed by him. James just assumed she was always stuck in a spout of giggles when he was around. Sirius saw right through Lily's smiles and chuckles. "You fancy him too, don't you?" Sirius confronted Lily one day over the summer when they were shopping together without James in Diagon Alley. Lily neither confirmed nor denied the accusation, she only commented on how the asking price for ginger had gone up a sickle. Sirius snorted indignantly and chucked a giant dragon nut at her. Lily retaliated by squirting his fancy black robes with her pumpkin juice. On their way back to Cokeworth together Lily admitted, "I don't know how to tell him." Sirius, who had moved in with James' family after being disowned by his own, walked Lily along the old playground fence line. The summer sun was beating down on Lily's shoulders like it had done the day she'd met James right by the old swing set. The flower bushes had long since died and the swings had long since broken but Lily stilled loved the old play set. "I think you'll find that he wouldn't mind you telling him that you want to snog the daylights out of him." Sirius promised her. Lily nudged shoulders with Sirius, "And you'd be okay with that?" Sirius raised a self-indulgent eyebrow at her, "Evans, I knew the two of you would get together the moment I met you on the train." She flushed again, "You did not." "James has always had a crush on you." Sirius argued, "Even back in third year when he dated Angie Stevens he was only going out with her because you were seeing Anthony Weatherly." Lily had only dated Anthony Weatherly in third year because James didn't ask her to Hogsmede. Sirius left Lily by her home steps with a piece of advice, "Just snog him already Evans, before I have to shove you both into a room and lock the door." James met Lily the next morning for their walk along the riverbank. He always took her hand first thing, but let go of it whenever they passed the old playground. Lily counted her steps as they passed the old swing set, waiting for the telltale moment when James' fingers would unclasp from hers. They didn't. Lily's eyes looked down at her fingers wrapped in James' fingers. His thumb was rubbing circles on her skin. She stopped before the reached the tree line and tugged on his arm when he kept walking. James stopped to look over his shoulder at her with a dorky smile that lit up his whole face. The sun was shining in his dark black hair; the individual curls seeming to shimmer like they were touched by magic. Lily's eyes traced his straightforward grin. Lily chewed on her lower lip wonderingly. "What?" he asked, startled by her suddenly change of expression. Lily swallowed inexplicably before bravely stepping forward. Lily let go of James' hand so she could wrap both arms around his neck. James, puzzled, pulled her into a hug but he snickered into her ear as she gripped him tightly around the shoulders. "You okay Lily?" Lily pulled back only to place her nose close to his. His lips were slightly parted as his hazel eyes traced her face. Lily's toes were starting to hurt from standing on them but she wasn't about to let herself drift away from James' mouth. With a tiny little push onto her tiptoes she pressed her lips firmly again his. James was startled at first by her kiss but quickly reciprocated, leaning towards her so she could put her feet back on the ground. Her fingers wrapped in the messy black hair she used to braid playfully over long chats in the common room. His hands cupped her face in an adoring way that he'd only ever done when wiping tears from her face when she was sad. When Lily pulled back from the kiss James flashed his eyes open. "What was that for?" he whispered. "It's obvious, isn't it?" she said. "What's obvious?" his hazel eyes were wide and calculating. "I'm in love with you." I hope you enjoyed this and it was everything you hoped for and more. Love you, bye! xxx Petals