it started aching intensely. She longed for her bed as made up a turkey and stuffing sandwich, plating it with some other delicious Christmas dinner treats and slowly climbing the stairs again. She entered Hugo's room, her heart clenching as she noticed her sons tear stained face. "Hey bub." She greeted him softly, sitting on his bed and handing him the plate of appealing food. "Here, eat this, you barely touched your dinner." Hugo accepted the plate after a moment of deliberation and bit into his sandwich eagerly. "Thanks mum, I, um, I, ah thanks for bringing this up." "It's okay Hugo." She kissed him warmly and held him tight for a second. "Always remember you are my beautiful boy okay?" "Okay." He nodded, his face betraying how much better he felt at his mother's love. He was so grateful that she had noticed and she had cared. Hermione left him reluctantly, but felt confident she had mended the damage that Astoria had done. She knocked on Scorpius's door, having previously learnt the hard way to knock on teenage boy's doors before entering. He called for enter so she went in, hand on her stomach, her bed calling her at this point. "Hey, you, how was your night?" She asked, noticing his pensive expression as he lay on king sized bed, sprawled the same way Draco did on their bed. "It was fine. Great food and gifts, thanks Mum, just mother being stupid is all. She asked me to come live with her. I refused." He informed Hermione, his voice bitter. "Oh bub, you have to tell your father, she isn't allowed to hound you like this, the court ordered her to stop asking, she isn't allowed to have you, not with her alcoholism." Hermione fretted, patting his knee as she sat beside him. When she was first married she had planned to never say an ill word about Astoria and never stop Scorpius from seeing her. Turned out she didn't need to, he already hated his mother and took to Hermione's care like a duck to water. "It's fine." Her teenager sighed. He glanced up at her, concern pooling in his eyes. "You should get to bed mum, you look exhausted." Hermione chuckled and got up. "You shouldn't tell a woman when she looks tired Scorpius, you'll get a good slap from some poor girl." Scorpius grinned and shrugged. "Nah, they wouldn't risk ruining this handsome mug." "Shut up you, good night." Hermione reached her last stop for the night. Rose's room. "Rose? Can I talk to you?" she called through the door. "Go away." Was the only reply. Hermione shrugged, well used to this and too tired to care. "Okay, good night, I love you." She called before finally, finally entering her bedroom and collapsing on the bed. Draco was already in it, and he greeted her with concern enthusiasm and sex appeal. "Too tired for Christmas sex?" He asked sincerely as he helped her shimmy out of her dress. "Hmm, you need to go tuck Ariana in, she's waiting for you, if I'm still awake when you get back, I'm all yours." She decreed, immediately feeling better once lying down and keen for some intimacy with her husband. "Strictly missionary only though babe, I'm exhausted." Draco wiggled his eyebrows in excitement. "You my dear have yourself a deal. Don't get started without me, I'll be right back." Draco hurried to Ariana's room, secretly pleased his only biological daughter had asked for him. He loved all his children nearly equally, but he'd be lying if he didn't admit that he had an extra special soft spot for her. She was his princess and a complete daddy's girl, which was refreshing with so many sons, and one other step daughter who hated his guts. Once he'd finished a touching rendition of merry Christmas and given her 7 hugs and 9 kisses as per her decree, she finally laid down to sleep and Draco slipped back to his bedroom, eager to be with his wife. Together in their bed with the door locked tight, some holiday lovemaking began. Draco knelt above Hermione, kissing her neck and mouth, shivering in pleasure when she sucked his tongue and massaging her shoulders. The kissed passionately for a while, Draco's cock growing hard as he caressed and buried his face in Hermione's newly improved bust, loudly moaning his satisfaction until she hushed him sternly. Hermione herself was delighted with his attentions and was getting wetter by the moment as he caressed her body and massaged her baby belly. Soon his fingers were between her folds, expertly fiddling with her sensitive nub, making her shiver in delight. "You make me so horny." He groaned as he pumped his cock, positioning it at her entrance and kissing her deeply. She moaned as he pushed inside her, his thickness filling her perfectly, her tightness still intact despite seven births thanks to some amazing Pilates exercises. "Oh Draco, fuck I love you." She mumbled into his skin as she sucked on his neck, gasping for air between kissed as he pounded into her. "I fuckin love you gorgeous." He panted, thrusting into her soft centre, pumping his large cock into her tight centre until he came, breathing heavily as his seed spilled deep inside her. He cried out in pleasure as her walls flexed and squeezed him as she too came with a moan of release, her fingers grasping her nipples as her whole body shuddered with the force of her orgasm. Draco thrust into her a few more times and played with her little nub as well to extend his wife's pleasure until he was spent and collapsed beside her on the bed. They lay together, panting, happy, and warm as they recuperated from the excursion. "Good night my lover." Draco murmured after a while, kissing Hermione's forehead, and flicking off the lights. "Merry Christmas." Hermione smiled in the dark, rubbing her husband's thigh affectionately. "Merry Christmas."