her blazing eyes. "You are really good with the kids." She said, earning his attentiveness. "They're practically foreign to me." James reasoned, "I had no idea what I was doing." "You had Cassie eating out of your hand." Lily snorted, "Even Thomas' mum was drooling, tattoos and all." James thought he heard a hint of jealousy in Lily's voice but dismissed it. James watched as her eyes flickered down to his arms. James swallowed and nervously tried to reach up to run a hand through his hair uneasily. "Don't do that." Lily snapped unexpectedly when his fingers touched his hairline and his hand dropped. "What?" he asked in surprise. "That thing you do with your hair." She said in aggravation, "Don't do it." "Sorry." He huffed, kicking the floor like a kid. "No, I'm sorry for snapping…" Lily sighed, making him look at her again and his heart almost dropped to his stomach when he saw that her eyes had turned soft again. She took a precarious step forward, like a timely dance, one that James was all too willing to oblige to. His eyes searched hers and he licked his lips. He realized she had taken her coat off at some point, leaving little to the imagination when it came to her curves. "I have to tell you something," she whispered allegedly, "I thought you were attractive the minute I met you." "I don't quite understand?" He swallowed deeply as his eyes stared at her slightly pouted lips. "You're too bloody charming for your own good." She said, "I mean really , you had me from the minute I saw you in the coffee shop months ago ruffling your stupid hair when you smiled my way while studying with those endearing as fuck glasses that looked right out of some old fashioned film." James couldn't believe the words coming out of her mouth. He considered grabbing her shoulders and turning her so her back was flat against the door, but he considered that was a lot of work when her lips were already inches from his own. Lily said cockily, flirting on her toes, "And then I just watched you be amazing with my kids and damn , if you didn't go from twenty on the scale to one hundred in ten hot seconds, especially with those tattoos. I mean, fuck the Hospital tattoo policy—" James placed a hand under her chin and lifted her lips to his; only barely aware that they were working and snogging her probably wasn't professionally accepted, no matter how much she was complimenting him. Lily deepened the kiss instantly, pulling his lips with her teeth and humming favorably. It wasn't until her buzz against his lips that James woke up from his daze and ripped away from her hurriedly. "Shit, sorry , that was totally unprofessional." "I'm asking you out, idiot." Lily placed her mouth back on his. James pulled away to grin, "Odd way to ask a bloke out, snogging him at work." "Shut up." She muttered, bringing him back in and sweeping all his arguments away with her tongue. They only stopped kissing because Lily had more patients to attend too. It was hard to focus on anything but her the rest of the shadowing. James got off work before Lily and so he waited by Lily's office at the end of night, surprising her with a smile and some flowers from the Hospital gift shop. They barely made it to his flat fully dressed. James couldn't believe the sharp turn his life had taken with Lily. They'd gone from barely speaking to sighing each other's names all night long. Sirius had a shit ton to say about their dealings the next morning and Lily told him to fuck off over her buttered toast and eggs. In that moment, James was certain he'd never want to date another person in his entire life. The next morning James put in the official request to switch from shadowing surgery to shadowing pediatrics. Dr. Moody practically murdered him and Frank called James a traitor but with Lily Evans in the mind James couldn't give a damn. Lily had to drive home over her weekend and James was unable to celebrate that the switch was made official on Friday afternoon. James' schedule now had him tailing Dr. Evans and Dr. Snape in the Pediatric ward for the next six months. At six forty five on Sunday morning James stood outside the hospital's pediatric ward with a Caramel Macchiato. He knew he would memorize the look on Lily's face when she appeared around the corner; it was as joyous as a child on Christmas. Lily threw her arms around James' shoulders excitedly and he almost spilled her drink. James snickered and wrapped one arm around her as she buried her face into his chest. "I was hoping you'd change your mind." She confessed. "You happen to be very persuasive." James recalled just how convincing she'd been while under the sheets in his bedroom. By her quirked eyebrow and pensive grin, he knew she was recalling the same daydream. James wondered if switching area's was such a good idea, since he couldn't quite get her feisty look out of his mind and her hands off his body but he'd worry about that much later…when her fingers weren't scratching cheekily through his hair and her hips weren't thrust into his dangerously. She looked up at him favorably, "I'll miss running into you at the coffee shop," she leaned on her tiptoes and kissed his cheek before taking her Caramel Macchiato from his all too willing hand, "But I have to admit, this arrangement is much better." I don't know if this could be a crack fic since I literally pulled everything everyone's ever wanted from me in the past month and put it into one fic but Hell with it, I wanted to have a little fun. Hope you enjoyed...drop me a review here or on tumblr! Petals