across a dark black v-neck. He was handsome in the way that James was not: rugged and sharp cut. "It's Sirius." James moaned, " Shit ." Lily watched as James sunk farther into the passenger seat as if not wanting to be spotted by his mate. Lily didn't blame James as Sirius looked like he was pretty rough around the edges. "Hiding's stupid. He's just seen you." Lily told James, feeling her cheeks warm as the man started for her car looking ready to kill. "He's gonna murder us." Lily hissed, shoving James to get up straight, " Do something." "I don't know what to do!" James moaned as Sirius, the motorbike owner got closer. Lily could hear the man shouting at James though the car doors. He was mad . Lily swallowed, "We're so dead. Aren't we?" James nodded weakly as he opened the passenger door so Sirius couldn't yank it open angrily. "What the fuck , James? My BIKE?! I told you NOT to drive it!" Sirius shouted at James, reaching into the car and taking James by his nice tie. The urgency of the situation rose incredibly when James started shouting back at Sirius to let go. "Oi!" Lily felt instinct to protect James and got out of her car, "Don't hurt him!" Sirius was too busy shouting at James and James was trying to release himself of Sirius' hold. Lily went round her car and grabbed Sirius by his shoulder, yanking him back and off James. James unbuckled himself from his seat as Lily started yelling at Sirius. "I was the one who hit your bloody bike! Don't yell at him, James was trying to fix it!" Sirius blinked stupidly at her, "I'm sorry , I'll pay for it all." "Who're you?" Sirius asked stupidly, frowning at her, standing exactly at her height and looking frightening. "I already paid for it!" James pushed Sirius out of Lily's face and they all stood facing each other in the middle of an empty parking spot, "How'd you find out?" "Remus." Sirius stated simply, as if this man, Remus, was of no importance. " Traitor ." James hissed, his eyes glancing Lily's face momentarily before falling back to the floor. "He's a better mate then you." Sirius stated, "At least he knows how much the bike means." Meanwhile Lily had been registering something James had said. She turned slowly so that she was blocking Sirius out of the conversation and pointed one of her fingers at James. "You–you paid the repair?" she questioned, "Already?" "Er." James looked like this wasn't how he wanted it found out that he paid for the motorcycle Lily had said she would pay for. it was the whole reason she'd joined James. His cheeks were growing darker. "I just thought," he began, "I mean I would've never had you pay. I should've told you I just–" "I can pay you back." Lily offered instantly, "How much?" James looked so uncomfortable and he was glancing at his mate like he wanted help from the bloke who just tried to strangle him. Sirius laughed and walked back into view of Lily, looking her up and down. Lily don't like the sparkle in Sirius' grey eyes, especially since five seconds ago the bloke had been madder than Hell. "You don't have to pay me anything." James grinned at her, ruffling his hair and glancing back at Sirius, "I mean, not that I don't appreciate it but–" "The motorbike." Lily argued, feeling more and more confused, "I scratched it. I should pay for it." "Do me a favor," Sirius spoke up, catching Lily's intense stare, "Just promise to never let this idiot near my bike again and you don't have to worry about it." "Why would I have any say in what he does or doesn't do with your bike?" James and Sirius exchanged a knowing glance. Sirius smiled and walked over to Lily, putting a hand on her shoulder. "It's fine…" He paused as he realized he didn't know her name. "Lily." "Lily then. Don't worry about it, Lily." Sirius grinned before shooting James a glare, "You can walk home for this." "I'm sorry!" James shouted after Sirius who flicked James the middle finger. Sirius got his keys from a waiting attendant at the front door and started his motorcycle. Sending James and Lily a salute before heading off into oncoming traffic, Lily had the impression that James' mate was quite mad. Lily turned back in confusion to James who was scratching his chin thoughtfully. Lily couldn't believe he'd paid for the bike to be fixed. He was charming, sweet, and kind. Lily wished she could think of a way to repay him. James was smiling at her now, a smirk that made her toes curl. "So." he commented. "So." Lily mocked. "I really don't fancy walking home…" "I can take you there, it's the least I would do–" James interrupted her once more, "Well, the thing is I don't really think I fancy going home either." he stared at her in a way that made her realize what he was implying, "I hear there's a really good production tonight at the local theatre." Lily felt a smile curl onto her face, "Are these those boyish charms you mentioned?" "Hard to resist right?" James teased. Lily laughed, "Get in the car." James grinned wickedly and got into her car. Lily passed back around toe front to the drivers seat and saw him in the windshield already playing with her old iPod. James had been right at their picnic table when he said that you never see the right ones coming. When she'd left work she'd never imagined any of this happening. Lily felt like a carefree child again as she entered the car and James announced he felt like they should get milkshakes–on him of course. The smile she wore was all for James. She never saw him coming and she knew she'd never be the same.