James' gaze. She wished she could've remembered what snogging him was like but all she remembered from Benjy's party was Marley's sparkly pink shoes and someone drawing stars on her shoulders. Lily wasn't even positive about the last one too, because she woke up with the stars drawn on in permanent marker. She used her thumb to type briefly to Marlene. Lily Evans to Marlene McKinnon Lily : So emergency-contact-boyfriend is actually James Potter aka star-boy from Benjy's party. Marlene : I wish I weren't still drinking Lily : ur texting rather well for someone who's plastered. Marlene : Siri is a drunken girl's best friend. Marlene : Mary McDonald just said he's an art history major. Marlene : The drawing on you while drunk makes sense now. Lily : fuck, just asked me how I ended up in the hospital Marlene : If you don't tell him, I will. Lily : u don't even know him. Marlene : I just added him as a friend on facebook Lily : u did what?! Marlene : He's single. Marlene : He's holding a puppy in his profile picture. Marlene : His quote is from The Princess Bride. Marlene : Dorcas said If you don't shag him, she will. Marlene : Sorry that was drunk Dorcas talking. Marlene : He's all yours. Marlene : Lily? Lily's fingers played with her phone case as Marlene continued to try and grab her attention away from the boy next to her humming along to a trendy pop song. Lily couldn't help but feel relieved that the boy who'd stopped his afternoon to help her was single and had a sense of humor. XxX James noticed as soon as she stopped texting and he shot her another crooked grin. Her skin looked creamy in the dark. The sun had sunk to its lowest point and soon the stars would be littering the sky. "So," he was aware of the eagerness in his tone, "Tell me why you're in a cast." "Well," she said, "I normally hold my alcohol well but when I'm with my friend Marley I tend to go overboard…" James interrupted, "Not too overboard since you clearly remember this disaster over Benjy's party where we apparently snogged…but I digress…" Lily played with her fringe, "I tried to be smart last night." " Tried being the operative word." Lily actually laughed and James couldn't help but look over at her again because he was awed by her white smile. Her cast rested in her lap and her phone was buzzing on her hand but she was ignoring it. "I used to be in gymnastics." She enlightened more warmly. "Gymnastics and fireball." James mused, "Sounds like a great combination." Lily rolled her eyes at him, "Listen, I just got a bit too brave last night at my friends pool and tried to do a backflip off the diving board." "You ought to get a new phone case." He commented lightly. "What?" she asked, puzzled. "Your phone case says 'be brave' and I reckon you need to be a little less brave," he explained, "If your nerve gets you put in the hospital." "I use it as a reminder." She justified, "For when I get nervous." "You don't seem like the type to be nervous about much." Lily threw her head against the car seat and sent him another surprised look, "What makes you say that?" "You like debate class." "That makes me brave?" Lily inquired with a snort. James didn't know how to clarify so he just said, "You just seem to know exactly what to do and say." "Not when I have alcohol in my system." Lily exhaled apologetically. James snickered, "We have something in common." "Oh, really?" Lily arched her brow at James. James pushed his glasses up his nose, "Yeah," and then he winked at her, "If I hadn't been plastered at Benjy's I would've definitely called you the next morning for a proper date instead of waiting for you to do backflips off a diving board." He added as afterthought, "I also wouldn't have put my name in your emergency contacts." Lily put her hand on his and she sent him a grin that seemed to light up the dark, "I'm happy you did." She admitted, "Since drunk Lily couldn't properly put her name into your cell either." "I like Lily more than I like Jily." James teased, "But I still think I'll keep you under Jily in my phone for laughs." Lily's good hand brushed her red hair from her face, tucking it behind her pierced ear, "You've been a good sport," she told him gratefully, "You didn't have to get me from the hospital." James was at a stoplight again so he could look over at the passanger side and see her eyes shining from the streetlights, "Well, I am your emergency contact." He boasted kindly, "Alcohol driven result or not." "I feel bad," Lily told him, "The first time we meet, we can barely remember each other and the second time we meet, you're acting as chauffeur." "There's only one way to fix this." He decided candidly. She looked stunning as she questioned, "How?" "No alcohol allowed on our date tonight." James Potter to Sirius Black James : taking Lily Evans from debate out tonight Sirius : if you sit next to her in debate instead of me I'm gonna feel so betrayed Lily Evans to Marlene McKinnon Lily : James says he's taking me on a date to the circus tonight Marlene : don't try to impress him with your back flips loosely based on the time I also tried to impress someone with my backflip while drunk and just ended up in the hospital for muscle relaxers. I was great at being a fool around boys. I've mellowed out with age. Now I just don't talk to them. Written simply for laughs and fun because this was a pretty rough last two weeks. all my love, petals