to wake up. He woke up in an hour, and they stared there, staring at the wall. Audrey had never realised a wall could be so bloody interesting. Bad paint job and all. "You know," Audrey decided to begin speaking, which was always the worst idea she could come up with. "I reckon that if my, um, sister died out of the blue, I'd be... well, I'd be extremely guilty. I'm an awful sister. I've never let her take any of my things. I've never helped her with her homework like I should've. I've never even driven her down to get a bit of a coffee when she needs it. I've stolen all her fancy dresses, even though they don't fit me. She's fifteen and naturally skinny. I'm twenty-three and frumpy. What can you really expect? I think... I think the only way I could make this situation any right is if I'm a good daughter to my mum, who's going to be missing her way more than I do. Even if she's been awful to me lately because she needs the support so she doesn't go mad. Because well, honestly, my sister and I are not very close. Georgia is... confusing, and mum's spent her whole life dealing with her. I'd even go as far as to say that mum loves Georgia much more than she's ever loved me. Georgia was always prettier and smarter and more successful... so, mum would need me more than I need her or anyone else that is. If Georgia just suddenly kicked the bucket. And I think – I think... am I helping?" Audrey stood up from where she was, feeling bad because he'd been resting his head on her body. "Do you want a smoothie? I can make you a smoothie. Or a protein shake? Do you want a protein shake?" Audrey then stared at him, looking at him slunk back on a heap at the floor. This all happened four or five days ago. She didn't know how well or how unwell he was taking care of himself. "Percy? What about a milkshake? Percy, have you eaten properly? Have you eaten at all in the last few days?" Percy just stared at her, like he'd seen her for the first time. "You are correct," he said, in a matter-of-fact voice. "My mother – err , the rest of my family – would need me more than I would need them. I am the most hopeless brother in existence. I need to... remedy this situation." Audrey's brain could've fallen out of her head in that second. "What?" She was talking about a completely hypothetical situation. She had not expected Percy to come to that conclusion. "Err, Percy, I—" "I'll go shower and dress appropriately," Percy said, getting up and standing tall. "Then I will see my family." Audrey stared at Percy as if he was talking in a foreign language. "Percy, breakfast ." She was sure he was insane. She was sure he hadn't eaten in the last five days, because he was walking funny, like someone that had no energy at all. She then turned back to her Vitamix. "Let me at least make you something if you're actually going to go through this ridiculous plan of yours! Don't leave me worried here. You haven't eaten in the past few days, have you? Not since – not since I've found you after my night out. Right?" Percy just nodded his head. "I do not deserve your hospitality after I've—" "You were and are a complete and utter arsehole," Audrey confirmed. "But I'm not letting you go on to see your mum in God knows where without having something in your body after your five-day hunger strike!" Percy's shoulders slumped. "I believe this means that I have no choice in the manner now. Do I?" Audrey shook her head. "You most certainly do not have a choice in this manner. If you don't come back to my flat after you've dressed and tidied down and whatever else you have to do to fulfill your own personal vendetta, then I will be very, very cross with you for a very long time." "Fine," Percy's reply came. Audrey was bloody tired of hearing that word come out of his mouth. She turned to her Vitamix, thinking about what she wanted to make him. By then, he was gone—back to his flat again. It would take Audrey a few days to realise that she didn't hear him walk out then either. Audrey had decided that she was going to make him a smoothie. She looked through her cupboards, and used frozen mangoes, yoghurt, and a banana. By the time that Percy came around to her flat (and Audrey was glad that she did else she'd bite his head of and feed it to her future offsprings), she just offered it to him. It was a mild orange colour. Percy looked somewhat hesitant to take it but with a few prompting (i.e. threatening) words, finally accepted it. Audrey stared at him for a while as he was stood there by her door, looking at her smoothie as if it was a foreign concept to him. He looked like he always did, like he had his whole life together. His maroon blazer, his white button-down, and black trousers. His hair pulled back into flatness. His body smelling of that non-offensive light cologne that he always seemed to wear. Honestly, Audrey was excited about the shake. She'd used her favourite protein shaker. "Keep it," she said, and she wondered if she was going to see him again soon, or if he was just going to go away. "The bottle I mean. You can keep the bottle after you're done with it." Percy raised an eyebrow and said something that made her insides melt a little, and she wasn't even sure why because Audrey was convinced he was carved of ice and steel: "Miss Brown, that is hardly appropriate."