the audacity to suggest she couldn't cut it with them? "You tell your captain I will see him tomorrow, and I will bring my needles with me." Jones flipped her black hair over her shoulder and nodded tersely at Lily before leaving the pub. Marlene immediately spoke up, before the door had even closed behind Jones. "Captain Potter has a nice crew." Lily fretfully played with the ends of her hair, "Yeah," she replied, "But a crew of pirates." Alice spoke up, "My father works with pirates, and he says not all of them can be so bad." "You've got to go," Marlene pushed. "Attractive pirates don't just appear out of the blue and offer to show you the world." Lily played with the orange sea star Sirius had brought with him. "Except this one." The more she considered, the more her stomach seemed to bubble with excitement. He'd personally sent members of his crew to meet her, welcome her. Everyone she'd met (save the last woman) seemed excited at the prospects of her joining their crew. Lily couldn't help but wonder about the fantastical places Captain Potter could take her— would take her. And all she had to do was sew a sail. "Alright." Lily pocketed her star and smiled at her friends. "I'm gonna do it." Marlene cheered and stood up at the same time as Lily, enveloping her in a hug. Alice kissed Lily's cheek. Mary's blue eyes were envious as she and Lily hugged. Lily's fingers kept touching the shell at her neck thoughtfully. It seemed she was finally going to get back to the life she'd always wanted. Back in their little rented bedroom, the girls exchanged heartfelt goodbyes, not even bothering with sleep. Lily was going to miss the girls, but she'd known she wouldn't stay with them forever. Lily just never imagined she'd be leaving them for a mysterious pirate and his crew. Alice offered to see her to the ship. Apparently Captain Potter had a deal with her father and could dock his ship in the shipyards as long as he traded with spices from the east. Lily and Alice entered the shipyards just as the sun rose over the blue ocean, scattering rays through the clouds like laser beams. The docks were already bustling with soldiers and crews alike as boats were set to sail at first light. Alice led Lily to the far side of the docks, pointing at a beautiful rustic ship carved out of red wood. Lily took in the ship's beauty with complete awe as they came upon the plank that led to its top deck. Captain Potter was waiting for her, sitting on the ship's edge. When he spotted her, he jumped onto the plank and smiled so happily it was almost like he'd been worried she wouldn't show. "Evans!" he proclaimed, and members of his crew appeared, leaning over the sides of the ship to watch their exchange. "I've come to stitch your sails in return for safe passage," Lily nodded curtly to the pirate captain, holding up her needles. "Just show me which one." "I'm afraid I was lying," Captain Potter grinned maliciously. "All our sails are in tip-top shape. Can't be a pirate without knowing how to fix a sail. But you're still welcome to sail the world with me, Evans." "What?" Lily's fingers reached for her necklace. At her side, Alice took a step backwards in surprise at Captain Potter's casual admission. "Aye," James' eyes were sparkling roguishly. "I mean, I suppose you could mend some of my trousers, but my sails are good as golden." Lily's needles dropped to the docks and she became fearful that the pirate Captain she tricked her with his willful words and charming friends. "Why did you ask me here then?" "You caught my eye the moment I saw that shell around your neck," he confessed, taking another step towards her. "You've got the ocean in your eyes, and fire in your soul." He reached for her face, fingers touching her cheek, "I must confess that you were too enticing for me to forget or sail away without." Lily blinked quickly as he leaned down to brush his lips against her hand again The first time, in the seamstress shop, he had been quick and acted like an utter scoundrel. But this time, his back was so straight, and his lips so properly chaste that she wondered if he had not been born a gentleman. And in the back of her mind, she wondered which version of the man before her she preferred. But then there was a roguish glimmer in his eye again. Above them, his crew cheered mercilessly and bawdily as though they had been snogging in the open air. She blushed thinking about it. "What do you say Evans?" he begged, "Sail away with me?" Lily had nothing else to lose and so much to gain. "My name is Lily." She told James, "My friends call me Lily." "Alright Lily," he wrapped his arms around her shoulders, "Want to sail the world with me and my crew?" Lily reached up and took his hat from his head, placing on her own with a bit of flair, "Aye, I do." She reached into her bag and took out several pieces of parchment. "But I have a list of demands and another list of rules and another list of expectations. They are all non-negotiable." James took them from her proffered hand and inspected them quickly, his mouth comically agape at how long each list was. "Non-negotiable, huh?" "Yes," replied Lily firmly. "You know, pirates aren't really the best with rules." "You know," she countered. "I'm not really the best with pirates." He grinned. "I take that as a challenge, Evans." Lily pushed the lists against his chest and swept past him to board the ship. "Please do, Captain." Thanks for reading! We had fun writing this and hope you enjoyed it! xxx Petals and Molly