him? It could've been poisoned. Maybe it was poisoned! Are you feeling feverish?" Lily started frantically. She reached the back of her hand toward Lyra's forehead before Lyra lightly slapped it away. "Lily, calm down. He may be immature, but he's not a felon," Lyra laughed. "I'm sorry. You're my best friend and I want to make sure nothing happens to you. Particularly not at the hands of James Potter," she said sincerely. "Did someone say my name?" James sat down across the table from Lily and Lyra. His three friends followed suit. "What do you want, Potter?" Lily sighed. "You're the one who was talking about me," he stated with an innocent expression. "I'm allowing you five seconds to give me a reason to associate with you before I get up and walk away," Lily said icily. "You can't be serious-" "Three." "Lily, wait a minute!" Lily then stood up and asked Lyra, "Care to join me?" "I'll catch up, okay?" Lyra answered. Lily nodded and walked briskly toward the entrance to the Great Hall and around the corner. Lyra faced James. "You're an idiot." "What are you even still doing here?" James returned with a glare. By this point, Remus and Peter were having their own conversation, and Sirius was vaguely paying attention to James and Lyra as his eyes wandered the room aimlessly. "I wanted to thank you," Lyra told James. At his confused expression, she continued, "For last night? The whole food thing. You as well, Sirius." His eyes travelled to her. "I'm almost positive this will be the only Transfiguration assignment I will get an actually good grade on. I'm close to asking for regular tutoring sessions. As much as Lily knows, Transfiguration isn't her strong point." "I'll tutor you," James said quickly. "Huh?" Lyra asked. "Once a week. We can meet in the library for an hour, and I'll help you," he said, trying to convince her. "I don't think that would be a good idea. Lily already came close to a panic attack when I told her I had taken food from you. Imagine what she would do it she found out I was spending an hour with you at a time." "Then don't tell her. No, listen to this. Don't tell her for a few weeks, and then when you do, she'll realize I'm to be trusted with anything, or anyone, in this case. And as an added bonus, every time I help you, you will in turn help her, so every time I help you, I'll really be helping her. It's perfect!" James argued his case. "Did that make any sense to you?" Lyra asked Sirius. "I've learned to just smile and nod whenever he makes an attempt at using logic," he replied with a smirk. "Please? Just give me a chance," James begged. The look of vulnerability in his eye is what caused Lyra to cave in. "Only because we really need the extra help." "Yes! Thank you, Lyra!" James' face lit up like Christmas had come early. "You have no idea how many months this puts me ahead in my plan..." He paused. "Er, forget I said that. A strategically thought through method of winning Lily's love would be childish..." James muttered awkwardly. Lyra gave him a look as if he were mentally unstable before deciding to let the unusual comment slide. "Right... So when do you want to do it?" "How's Thursday? At eight?" James asked as though he had a completely full schedule. "That's fine. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go find Lily. And not a word about this to her, got it?" Lyra said while standing. "I wouldn't dream of it." "Good. See you Thursday. Besides class, that is..." Lyra said before exiting the Great Hall. Lyra spent the rest of the day lounging, writing essays, and studying. She found that Transfiguration was truly the only class she had trouble with. That was once of the many similarities between Lily and herself. "He's just so infuriating!" Lily cried, breaking the silence. The two girls had been working on Potions homework before Lily's outburst. Lyra immediately knew that Lily was thinking of James. "You know, for someone who you hate so much, you sure talk about him a lot," Lyra said with a smirk. "Oh, be quiet. I wish I could completely erase him from my mind, believe me. I probably could too, if it weren't for the fact that whenever I need help with Transfiguration, the only person I can ask is one of his best mates." Lily was clearly aggravated. "Why not just ask McGonagall herself?" Lyra asked, though she was already almost sure of the answer. Lily didn't want any of the teachers to think she was anything less than extraordinary. She had been that way ever since she was first teased for being Muggle-born. "I can't do that. She'll just treat me like an ignorant child," Lily sighed. "Though I suppose getting help from Remus isn't that bad, it's not like it's Potter tutoring me or anything." "Oh... yeah, tell me about it. That would be awful," Lyra rubbed the back of her neck in guilt. "Is your neck alright?" "It's fine. I just, er, slept on it wrong is all," Lyra replied quickly. Lily shrugged it off and went back to listing potion ingredients on her parchment. Lyra looked back down at her assignment as well, feeling bad about not telling Lily about her plans with James. I'm sure she wouldn't mind , Lyra tried to reassure herself. It was different than if Lily was being tutored by James. Lily wouldn't need to get anywhere near James, and she would still have a source of information if she needed it. It was perfect. At least Lyra hoped it would be. A/N: It's off to a rocky start, I know. These first couple of chapter were written years ago, and I know I've improved since then. Review, follow, fave. xx