to the Order and volunteer to spy for Dumbledore. Unfortunately, the old geezer had already hired a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher for this year," he said and shifted his grip slightly. That allowed some blood to ease back into her arm, which was becoming noticeably numb. "Lord Voldemort will be pleased to know that his plan is going to work. You will be able to provide us information as to when that will be." She bit her lower lip. How much could she tell him about the future? She had to balance securing her safety with giving up information about what was to come. The consequences weighed heavily on her heart. Of course, if Professor Snape - she couldn't think of him as anything else but her teacher, despite his apparent youth - if Professor Snape took her to Voldemort, that evil wizard would strip her mind of any information she had about what was going to happen. He would learn of major events that would benefit him beyond his wildest imaginings. With that eventuality staring her in the face, she felt justified in giving Professor Snape more information. Her future potions teacher had switched sides once. What was it that had caused him to defect and give his loyalty to Dumbledore? Perhaps she could induce that change again? Right now would be a good time for that to happen. "Volde . . . the Dark Lord . . . knows about a prophecy that foretells his downfall." "Yes, he does. I'm the one who relayed that prophecy directly to him," Professor Snape said and ducked into an even smaller, and very deserted, alleyway, dragging her behind. "Y-You? You told him about the prophecy that got the Potters killed?" she blurted out, stunned at this piece of news. Her stomach churned and her limbs felt weak. Professor Snape had truly been a Death Eater in his youth. He was entirely on board with Voldemort's evil plans. Real fear clutched at her insides for the first time. She was in the presence of a very dangerous man who was on his way to present her as a sacrificial gift to an evil psychopath. "The Potters?" he queried, halting abruptly in his tracks. He turned to confront her and she could feel his warm breath on her face, even if she couldn't see his. His reaction gave her hope. "Yes, the Potters! Your master murdered . . . murders . . . both Lily and James Potter, leaving their son an orphan." Biting back her next impulse, she decided babbling about Voldemort getting killed in the process was not her best strategy at this juncture. "They were in your year, weren't they? You knew them? Doesn't that mean anything to you?" "They were given multiple chances to join us and they refused. Their lives, or their deaths, are their own responsibility," he snarled and continued pulling her down the alleyway. What could she possibly say to this man to keep him from turning her over to Voldemort? Even if she could free herself from his grasp, she knew he'd have a dozen curses heading her way before she could gain two steps - she'd seen him duel Lockhart and watched him, fascinated, as he taught the N.E.W.T. level Defense Against the Dark Arts class this past year. If anything, he would probably be faster now, in his youth. And she didn't have a wand. She needed to think of something that he would not want Voldemort to know. Something that would anger the evil wizard, something . . . oh . . . "It is said that the Dark Lord is the most powerful Legilimens that the wizarding world has ever known," she began. "That is true," Professor Snape said flatly. "Then that means you are the most powerful Occlumens that has ever lived," she continued, measured and clear - she didn't want him to miss a single word. He didn't. He slowly came to a halt. "I cannot imagine any scenario where I would divulge that information to another living soul," he said very, very softly. "You told Dumbledore." "I betray Lord Voldemort? Why would I do that?" "Only Dumbledore knows why. He trusts you beyond reason; beyond any counsel," she hesitated. This had to be good. "Perhaps you betray Lord Voldemort because he betrays you?" The rain was letting up and in its passing, the air itself seemed to be holding its breath. Damp and sodden, not a sound stalked the alleyway in that moment. She pressed her advantage. "In my time he is becoming more and more mentally unstable. He kills for the sake of killing - without cause and without reason. He tortures indiscriminately - even his own followers. His paranoia knows no bounds. Surely you have marked the early signs of this behavior - you must have seen it with your own eyes?" Now for the nail in the coffin. "There is no tale you can spin that will ever persuade him to trust you again. When he rips that knowledge from my mind, when he discovers that you are a better Occlumens than he is a Legilimens, your life will be forfeit." He loomed over her. In the dark, she could not see his face, those black eyes. And that meant he couldn't see hers either, to assure himself if she was telling the truth. Her words alone would have to suffice. Suddenly, he swung his drenched black traveling cloak around her and with the same movement wrapped his arm about her shoulders, pinning her to his side. He used the momentum of that action to pivot both of them around his heel and a loud pop echoed in her ears as they Disapparated. As darkness jumped at them, she felt the familiar, uncomfortable sensation as if being squeezed through a tube. And it felt like all hope was being squeezed out of her at the same time. He was taking her to Voldemort.