front, almost between, two overflowing bookcases. An old dark robed wizard in a broad brimmed, and pointy, hat sat with a cup of steaming… something in his hands, behind the counter. He looked up, surprise playing on his face as I entered. "Are you not a bit young to be wandering about alone, day before school start?" He asked. "Nope, I'm here to get the Hogwarts school books." The older man sighed, and gestured to the shelves "You can find them around, just put the books back in their place please." He sounded nearly defeated as he said it. "Um… I lost my book list, I was hoping you could help me." I winched as I said it, the shopkeeper sent me a death glare. The shopkeeper rose to his feet grumbling none too happily to have to spend the energy. Thirteen galleons less and, I now had my arms full of heavy tomes. And damn they were heavy. It did not help they were in the way of my face, obscuring my sight. That reminded me, I'd need a school trunk, and I knew I would be needing, not only for my books but, the cauldron, papers and pen, ink too. School robes and other wizardry clothes, a long sleeved t-shirt and a pair of jeans did not fit in with wizarding kind. I had to part with another five galleon, and fourteen sickles, for a plain Hogwarts standard trunk. Now I had only thirty-four galleons, seven sickles and eight as of yet untouched knuts. The only things I saw costing knuts were free weight items, like potion ingredients and certain foods… I could only guess what they really were used for. For all I knew those writhing bug likes things and stuff was candy. Books, wand, and a trunk to stuff it all in. that was just the surface of what I needed, and I weren't even sure I knew or remembered everything I needed to buy. Looking up at a clock, in a clock shops window, tracking down the one machine who's hands coincided with most of the rest, I still had an hour or so left until four o'clock. Robes was probably a good start, I don't know how long it took to fit robes, even less so an entire wardrobe and protective gloves. Shoes would also be something to invest in… I only hoped I had the coin left for the cauldron, and whatever other potion equipment I could manage to dredge from memory. The answer to how long it took to fit robes? Almost none at all; It all took twenty minutes on the spot for the experienced manager and her assistant to measure, charm and transfigure my new robes. I had now as large a wardrobe my trunk allowed… which was more than the first glance would have you believe. I had a pair of fancy looking dragon-hide gloves, riding far up the arms to boot. Three pairs of working robes, Hogwarts black. Winter cloak with silver fastenings. A nice scarf for cold windy weather. Three brimless and pointy hats. Beside the grey and orange runners I wore I now had some sturdy boots for winter and outdoor work, a pair of office looking shoes and seven different socks with a lot of curious patterns and prints on them. Beside that I also had a few more casual under robes, shirts and pants. Two woollen vests got thrown in there too for the coming colder weather. It stung to hand over most of my remaining money. I now had only fourteen galleons to my name. I really hoped the school standard potion stuffs did not break my economy… I eventually found myself sitting in the leaky cauldron, dinner eaten and now simply waiting for the last few hours to pass before bed. There I sat, spinning my last golden goblin coin. My cheek resting against the worn table, a slight hint of spilt beer could be smelt. The table was clean, but it was obvious the smell sat in the wood and not on it. Wonders of scouring charms. My feet hurt, my legs ached and my arms felt like lead after conking around on my damn trunk all day, an object that had grown all the more heavy as the last few hours of light waned. I did not even have the time to taste that ice cream I had set my eyes on earlier. Not that I had the will for it as my funds all but vanished before my eyes, putting me in a right mood that made it hard to summon any more enthusiasm. Beside the pewter cauldron, a set of brass scales, and a few phials. At the last second by chance I remembered to by a telescope. Caught myself on my way towards the Leaky Cauldron, and as I passed the astronomy shop's window, and saw one of the telescopes it hit me like a rock that I had forgotten about them. But afterwards I was sure I had gotten everything I needed... it would be embarrassing to arrive at Hogwarts missing the materials needed. I don't know how I managed to get the acceptance letter, much less understand why, and it would not stand to insult whoever did this by squandering the opportunity, and underperform. I tore my eyes from the gleaming coin and peered through the dim light of the pub. Nine-thirty said the old clock on the wall. I retrieved the small post card and read it. 12:45PM 10:30AM Less than thirteen hours left… then it was off to Hogwarts. I could not help the small smile tugging at the corners of my mouth. Some dreams did seem to come true after all… unless I would wake up tomorrow back home, in my own bed as if nothing had happened at all… And there went my smile. I did not like the idea that my dream would end up just as a cosmic joke.