"I thought you were going to fire me then and there but you didn't…you always had my back…even when Severus Snape accused me of falsifying reports." James frowns at the mention of Severus Snape, who had tried unsuccessfully to fire Lily twice. Lily told him she thought it was because she turned Snape down for multiple dates. James held a grudge against the bastard, who in turn hated James with a passion. Lily didn't seem to be thinking about Severus Snape for much longer. "You knew I was coming from Cokesworth and had no political gain as your secretary." Lily continues her monologue, eyes watering, "But you kept me around and made me feel welcome and happy and safe ." She turns her head to stare at him liked a confused puppy, "And you love me?" James takes one of his hands intertwined in hers and used it to brush fingers against her soft cheek. Lily closes her eyes against his touch, leaning into him respectively. "One month into the job you stood up in my meeting with George Wilkins." James recalls the days when he'd sit back and admire her, "And you gave him six reasons why the Childcare Reform Act would devastate the single mothers of this nation. I almost kissed you then and there." His confession makes her flush and grin with pride, "And you never fail to impress me, in and out of this office. The way you dance to Elton John in the break room. How you smile with you eat a grilled cheese from Deeney's. Even how you stare at me in meetings when you think I'm not paying attention." Lily swallows as he brushes his nose against hers lightly. James closes his eyes and breathes in, taking in their quiet moment. Behind the door was the real world and they'd have to rejoin it before security busted the door down despite James warning them to keep their distance. She tightens her grip and utters, "We're in love, aren't we?" James leans down and kisses her, pressing his lips against hers without any proof of the words he muttered. He felt more scared than he ever had in his life but bravery won out, not wanting to miss out on the opportunity to kiss her without cameras. His fingers drag through her red hair, twisting in the strands by her neck. She kisses like she is terrified but behind her innocent kiss is a promise of something more. James pulls away from her and leans his forehead against hers. "Do you understand now?" James asks her, "There's no one out there for me but you." She's crying, he can see the water drip from her eyes as she stares at him, "What'll the press say?" "Who cares?" James replied, "I don't." "I don't want to be the Prime Minister's pretty escort." She moans next, pressing her forehead into his chest, "I don't want this to be how I go down in history." "Lily," James uses his fingers to pull her chin up so he can look at her lovingly, "Once you get to where you want to be...dating the lousy Prime Minister won't even be noted in your biography." Lily manages a laugh and presses her hand against his cheek, her smile infectious, "Why do you always have to be so charming?" James is comforted by her laugh and he presses a quick kiss against her cheek, "Papers and press aside," he says, "I do love you and I can't fix that." "What do we do?" Lily looks beside herself. James lets go of her so he can reach for the door handle, still jiggling as his publicist tries to break into their safe haven. Lily watches his movements with calculating eyes. James turns the door handle as he reaches for her hand. "We face the cameras and be happy, together." He waits for her to tell him she can't. He waits for her to tell him no. Instead, Lily brushes the makeup under her eyes and straightens her skirts. When she reaches to hold his hand, James sees the proud woman from Cokesworth he was in love with. The world may only see Lily as the secretary of the Prime Minister but James saw her as she really is: kind hearted; scared of change; and in love with a man who took three years and a scandal to tell her the truth. Together, they step out of the closet into the hallway where immediately James' publicist swarms them. Behind the glass doors of the office, paparazzi cameras are flashing. Lily seems to freeze and her green eyes spot the paparazzi with precisian. Without saying a word, James tightly wraps his arm around Lily's waist and presses a kiss against her temple as he turns them so she's facing away from the cameras. "Miss Evans and I are going to lunch." James tells his publicist, "Cancel my meetings for today and give them my sincerest apologies." "But—" James' publicist squeaks, trying to break James from his hold, "The Press wants to know who she is." Lily blinks exasperatedly at the publicist, "I'm just a normal girl." She grips James' hand tightly, "His girlfriend." James' voice breaks with pride at her confession, "Tell the press my relationship with Miss Evans is personal but if they wish to discuss other matters like the education crisis in poverty level school's then they can feel free to set up interviews." James looks down at Lily and she beams up at him, like she is proud. James leads her away from the flashing lights and the puzzled publicist. Coworkers stare as Lily and James walk down the hallways hand in hand. Lily fidgets as they walk down the street to get to James' parked car. Nothings perfect but as James leads Lily into a quiet press-less restaurant that serves giant Italian pasta bowls, he thinks that he's never been happier. Thanks for reading! Let me know what you thought!