with one another, happy to be back with their friends. Teachers gathered at the front of the Great Hall, shaking hands and exchanging well wishes. However, Narcissa was not looking at them, but at the handsome seventh year student sitting several spots away, on the opposite side of the Slytherin table. "Would you look at that," said Elizabeth Burke, following Narcissa's longing gaze. "Lucius Malfoy was made Head Boy!" "Of course he was," said Sybil. "I'm surprised they didn't give it to him in his third year! Everyone knows the teachers favor him." "He deserves it," sighed Narcissa wistfully. "He gets top marks, he's handsome, he's rich – " "And taken," cut in Ellaria, eyebrows raised. "Or have you forgotten about a little someone called Corinne Lestrange?" Narcissa's dreamy look vanished because for a moment, she had actually forgotten about Corinne Lestrange. But then the beautiful dark-skinned witch swept down the length of the table and gracefully moved into the spot next to Lucius, which he had saved for her. As soon as she was seated, Corinne looked over at Lucius and offered her sly smile to the Head Boy, who gazed at her adoringly. Corinne placed a hand on Lucius' shoulder and cast a narrow-eyed glare around the table, so that her position there was crystal clear. "They've been dating since fourth year ," said Agatha. "And everyone knows Malfoy is wild for her. The two are inseparable!" "They're practically betrothed," added Ellaria, unwilling to let the attention shift away from her. "You don't stand a chance, Narcissa." She giggled. "No offense." Narcissa hid a frown. "We'll see." "You better not let Corrine catch you looking at him," said Mischa, a fifth year. "She's vicious, you know." "Even your sister Bellatrix only crossed her once," added Sybil. "That was a sight to see!" "The girls lavatory will never be the same," sighed Mischa. The girls continued to chatter, but Narcissa tuned them out as the first year students filed in and prepared to be sorted. Despite her friends' warnings, Narcissa couldn't help but look over at Lucius Malfoy longingly whenever she felt neither he nor Corinne was watching. Lucius Malfoy was a powerful wizard, Narcissa thought, but it was more than that. The Blacks were an important family, but the Malfoys were the family of Wizarding Britain, and Lucius was the sole heir. Not only that, he was positively gorgeous, with long white blond hair, sharp angular features and grey eyes to die for. Unfortunately, Lucius Malfoy had never once spoken to Narcissa, nor she to him, and even though he was only one year ahead of her, she had never once mustered up the courage to speak to him in the Common Room or anywhere else. This was mostly because, as her friends had pointed out, Lucius had been attached at the hip (and Merlin knows where else) to Corinne Lestrange for quite a long time, and Corinne was not to be crossed. This year, though, Narcissa was finally confident enough to place herself in Lucius' path. Once she did this, she was certain (though she couldn't explain why) that Lucius would finally see that Corinne Lestrange was not worth his time, despite the fact that she was indeed one of the most beautiful witches Narcissa had ever seen. Narcissa's eyes shifted to the witch in question. Corinne had lovely dark skin and silky jet black hair, with large hazel eyes and long eyelashes. She often wore red on her lips, giving her smooth features a burst of color that also somehow managed to be intimidating. Perhaps it was her smirk, which always seemed more malicious than amused, or the way her eyes narrowed on practically everyone. Even those within her circle were intimidated by her, and the only person in the entire school who didn't seem to feel she was the walking incarnation of the Killing Curse was Lucius Malfoy, who had been enamored with her for years. Corinne shifted her steely gaze in Narcissa's direction, and Narcissa quickly looked away. Still, she clenched her jaw and fought not to look intimidated. No more. She was in control this year. At the front, the sorting of the first years had begun, and very soon, a familiar name was read. "Sirius Black!" A little boy with messy hair and a cocky swagger moved across the stage and sat on the stool, where Professor Minerva McGonagall placed the Sorting Hat on his head. "Curious," said the hat aloud, and it seemed to chuckle. "Definitely… GRYFFINDOR!" The boy jumped up with a triumphant shout, yanked the Sorting Hat off his head, tossed it into the air and then ran to the Slytherin table, where he slammed down both hands and shouted gleefully, "IN YOUR FACES!" He did a little dance, much to Narcissa's mortification. "Mister Black!" exclaimed McGonagall. "Please join your table and behave properly!" Narcissa pulled back as far as she could from the offending little troll as he hurried off, laughing maniacally as he joined his fellow simpletons. "My aunt and uncle are in the process of disowning him as we speak ," hissed Narcissa emphatically to her friends. "He's practically off the tapestry already!" "Disgraceful," muttered Sybil, while Agatha turned up her nose. The rest of the Slytherins at the table scoffed and scowled accordingly. Finally, the ceremony came to an end, dinner was served, and Narcissa managed to impress the group by going on in detail about her upcoming debut, which she promised would be the event of the season. After a while, dinner was over and the students were released to go their respective dormitories. Narcissa got up to head out with her friends, only to be bumped by someone. When she looked up, she saw Corinne Lestrange looking back at her over her shoulder, eyes dangerous. Then the older witch took Lucius' arm in hers and the two older students moved off. This is my year , Narcissa told herself. I can feel it.