as they waited for the check, "How long have you been dating?" James' head shot up in seconds and then he flushed, "Oh erm…" Beside Eliza, Todd groaned, " Dating ?" Eliza patted her husband's arm before studying James again. James' hazel eyes fluttered between Lily's parents with clear hesitation, "Well—" "You can talk to us." Eliza encouraged him. James swallowed, "Uh, well , I've liked Lily for a while to be honest…" "Of course you did." Todd said smugly. Eliza smiled at her husband before considering the boy again, "So two years? Three?" " Merlin ," James said funny things like Lily too, "I wish . We've probably been together about three weeks now?" James was still bright red and staring at his empty plate, "How'd you guess?" "How could I not?" Eliza laughed, "When my daughter can't keep her eyes off you?" A smile split through James' features and he looked ecstatic, "Yeah?" he asked breathlessly, "She really gave it away?" Eliza was amused by his delight, "I've never seen my daughter so…happy." "And she'd better stay that way." Todd was joking, Eliza could tell, but even still, James took it solemnly. "That's all I want." He promised them, "because she makes me happier than anything too." Lily appeared and sat back down beside James noting everyone's looks, "What?" "The jest is up Evans." James said Lily's last name spiritedly and wrapped his arms around her, "They know." Lily erupted, " You told them?! Bloody Hell, James!" "Lily!" Eliza reprimanded her daughter's tongue. Lily glared through James' embrace, "I told James that I wanted to tell you!" "I didn't tell them!" James exclaimed, "Merlin Lily, I told you I wouldn't!" "Then how do they know?" Lily exclaimed mockingly, "Did an owl tell them?" Eliza shook her finger at her daughter, "You told me!" "I did not !" Lily scoffed, "I wasn't going to tell you until—" Eliza cut off her daughter briskly, "Lily, I knew the truth the minute I set my eyes on the pair of you." At Lily confused expression James chuffed favorably, "Eliza said you couldn't keep your eyes off me." "I—" Lily stumbled over her words and looked back and forth between her mother and her boyfriend, "I—I do not—I do not stare at him!" "You're so bloody stubborn." James laughed and Eliza joined him. Eliza had never met someone who could match Lily in wit and cleverness until she met James. Lily caved in his arms, apparently defenseless once he placed a kiss on her cheek with complete adoration. Eliza snuck a look at her husband; he seemed just as dazed by the couple. James kissed Lily flat on the lips after the waitress brought the check. James wouldn't let go of Lily's hand either as they all walked to the train station together. Lily's trunk was in James' other hand. He was swinging it back and forth as he talked to Todd about quidditch. Eliza was impressed at how well James was able to tell stories and had them all cracking up the entire walk. By the time they'd made it between platforms nine and ten, Todd was enraptured by James as much as Lily. Eliza could tell Todd was going to deny it to his grave—but James had won him over. Todd clapped the boy on his back as Lily and Eliza said goodbye. Lily flung her arms around her mother tenderly. Eliza hugged her youngest daughter back, wishing she never had to let go. Lily whispered into her mother's ear secretively, "I like him a lot mum." It wasn't love, not yet, but it would be. Eliza knew the moment she spotted them together, she knew the second she walked into the café and saw Lily with James. They were special together. "Write me every week." Eliza begged her daughter. "Everyday." Lily whispered back, "I love you, mum." "I love you too." James walked over to Eliza while Lily hugged Todd appreciatively. Eliza saw her husband was struggling to hold it together; he always hated saying goodbye to Lily when she left for school. James' hair was a mess as he ran his fingers through it again when Eliza said nothing. Eliza wondered if the boy owned a hairbrush but the messy look suited him. Then, James hugged Eliza again without warning, a move that seemed so entirely genuine. "It was great meeting you." James said as he released Eliza from the hug, "And thanks for walking with us to the platform." "Are you parents here?" Eliza asked the boy kindly, "I'd love to meet them." James shrugged, "My mother and father are a bit under the weather," he admitted to Eliza, "They couldn't come this year." he smiled truthfully, "but it's been just as nice with you and Mr. Evans." "James?" Lily asked and the boy turned to smile at Eliza's daughter, adoration clear as day on his face. "Hm?" "It's almost time." Lily reached her out for James to take her hand. "Yeah, love. Let me grab your trunk." Eliza watched, arm in arm with Todd, as Lily and James disappeared before their very eyes, both witch and wizard waving until the last possible second. The Evans' prepared for another few months without Lily home by remaining quiet on the car ride home. Even still, when Eliza arrived back in Cokesworth to an empty house it was hard not to smile. Eliza had a wonderful husband who loved her. Eliza had two daughters, one average and one magical, but she loved them both the same. Eliza was thankful Petunia had successfully found a job that suited her strategic future in London. Eliza was ecstatic Lily only had one more year of school left so that she could see her daughter more—and in turn the charming young James. She was perfectly content with her life and everything in it. It was fun writing James and Lily from someone else's pov! Thanks to whoever sent in this prompt! xxx petals