This was strange. He did not need a second bed, this one was fine and had the dragon in it, and it was close enough to a window that if he was awake when it was dark outside and was standing properly at the foot of it, holding onto the frame, he could see the bright lights in the sky that he had seen the patterns in. Looking closer, he noticed that there was another person who was small like him, instead of tall like mommy and father. That was strange, usually if he saw another small person it was in the big rooms outside his room, and this one seemed to be sleeping. "What?" he said again, this time pointing at the small person. "Small," he added, and then pointed at himself. "Her name is Hermione, she's living with us, now," his father said, walking over to Draco's bed. "Up?" he asked, and the small boy nodded very seriously. He was now being held, but in a way that meant he was facing his father, which was okay, but also meant he couldn't see the new small person. He wiggled, "I want to see," he said, and his father understood and turned him so he was being held facing out. The name that father used was a word that Draco had never heard before, so he tried to say it. "Her-mee-oh-ny?" he tried, frustrated that he couldn't make the sounds. He tried a few more times, eventually getting the "Mione" part correct, and decided to stick with that. "Mione," he said, pointing at her. She was in pajama robes like his, and had hair that was darker than his or his father's, and fuzzier looking. His mommy, who was standing closer to Mione's bed than Draco's, turned. She was smiling at him, and Draco smiled also, which also meant he could show off his teeth. His mommy said, "She's sleeping, so you have to bed quiet." Draco nodded very seriously, again. "I will be quiet," he said. "That's good," his father said. Draco wiggled, wanting down now. He knew about the bad leg his father had, and too much up, he'd noticed, made the leg hurt more. After being set down on his feet, and after making sure his father was using the balance stick, he immediately walked across the room to the other small bed, wanting to see if there were the same invisible walls as on his. He pushed his hands out in front of himself. There was a wall. He looked back at his parents and grinned. "No falling, then?" His father smiled at him, "No falling." Draco had decided after some more looking at Hermione that he wanted to go back to sleep. His mommy had explained that Hermione had was very tired from how she got to the manor, and would probably be sleeping for a bit more time. So, he had decided to go to bed to, for reasons mysterious to his parents, though the decision itself was a relief to them. It gave them time to talk, time they hadn't really had since Weasley deposited the kidnapped muggleborn child in Narcissa's arms. Narcissa gently laid Hermione in the bed she had prepared, a similarly shrunk bed with barrier spells on either side to Draco's, and placed a small gryphon on the bed with her, this creature a uniform brown as opposed to the house colors of her son's dragon. She left the room first, and Lucius followed her at a slightly slower pace, the soft tapping of his cane added to his footsteps a bit heavier than usual. He had been standing for some time and had not slept, and that along with a curious Draco's desire to be held had taxed his bad leg more than he would want to admit. Narcissa led him to their shared office, a smaller room connected to the master bedroom by a small hallway. This room was more ornate than many of the other rooms in the house. Most of the objects in the office had belonged to Lucius' father and so he had refused to sell them, even though he had been more than willing to sell most of his mother's artwork in the name of the cause. Instead of sitting at the stiff backed chair behind the desk, which was across the room from the door, Lucius collapsed into one of the armchairs nearer to the doorway, putting his bad leg up on an ottoman placed there for that purpose. "This isn't okay," he said. Narcissa sat down on the chair next to his, reaching to grab his hand. "No, it's not," she said. "This is exactly the sort of thing we were fighting against." Lucius used his free hand to hold his head as his entire body seemed to sag on a particularly deep exhale. "We have no choice," he said, "they might hurt Draco." "I know," Narcissa almost sighed, gripping her husband's hand even tighter. "We can take care of her, though, and try and shield her from some of the nonsense our world will throw at her." "I don't know if we can," Lucius said. "We need to sleep," he added after a silence. Narcissa nodded. "I love you," she said. Lucius tried to respond, but a lump in his throat and impending tears silenced him. The corners of his eyes already wet, he slowly heaved himself up, the short distance to their bedroom far more daunting than it should have been. The tears they both shed in the few hours of rest they got until both Hermione and Draco woke up at dawn were just as much from grief as they were from sheer exhaustion. Narcissa held Lucius, hoping that she would be able to at least drive his nightmares away. The few hours of sleep they got before the child monitoring charms alerted them were not terribly restful, but they were better than nothing at all. Please review!