entering the studio. He was stretching his legs, throwing himself to the floor and back up again with a single throw when a flash of red crossed his vision. James halted, his chest heaving as green eyes met hazel. Lily stood in the doorway of the dance floor, mouth slightly agape as she stared at him. James coughed and straightened his glasses, conscious of the fact that he was not wearing a shirt. James jumped over to the stereo and turned the music off. Lily swallowed and then stepped farther into the room, her flat shoes echoing off the plastic floors. She wore leggings and a thick woolen sweater that fell off her left shoulder with a blue leotard peeking out from underneath. "Hi." He inhaled, struggling to relax. "How did you do that?" was her instant reply. "Do what?" he put his hands on his hips, aware of her eyes following his hands. Lily's eyes shot up as she placed her bag on the floor. James watched as she struggled to slide into a half split and she leaned back so her spine hit the floor and he red hair fanned out around her shoulders like a halo. Lily tried to jump back up but she slipped on her back foot and used her hands to catch herself. She looked up at James in confusion. " How ?" James smiled at the demand in her voice and dropped to the floor again. He pointed at his stomach while she watched with concentration, "Use your abs, suck 'em in and then pull yourself up onto one foot. You're strong enough with those pointe toes." He demonstrated, pulling himself back up to standing on one foot. Lily mimicked his movements and accomplished it the second time. Her eyes lit up as she radiated joy from dancing. "I've never danced laying down before." And then she flushed, "I mean—" James waved her comment aide, "What are you doing here?" he changed the subject, "Sirius isn't around for you to bug." "Shame." Lily said, "But I'm actually here for you." "Me?" James crossed his arms over he chest and stared at her. "Minerva and I want you to be in our production of Swan Lake ." Lily stepped towards him, "We want it to have a bit of a contemporary feel." "Snape won't be happy." James said smartly, glancing at their feet. Lily's eyes flashed, "Snape can go fuck himself." James licked his lips and grinned, "Feisty." "Snape can't decide when dance is cool or not." James asked curiously, "You don't like him either, eh?" Lily huffed with annoyance; "Long story short, he was my best friend when we were kids until his mates made fun of me for doing ballet." "Sounds familiar." James said, thinking of Sirius. Lily stuck her nose in the air angrily, "Yeah, so the bastard refused to admit he danced with me in front of them but wanted to act peachy when we were dancing." "You and Sirius have a lot in common." At her puzzled look he explained, "Snape and his mates used to make fun of Sirius for dancing." "Not you?" she suspected. James shrugged, "I played football." Lily stood on her tiptoes animatedly, "You dance and you play football?" James ruffled his hair anxiously, "Is that problem?" "No." she shook her head briefly, eyes wide and alluring, "Quite the opposite of a problem really, since you keep getting more and more attractive with each passing minute if I'm being honest." James snickered and moved closer to her so he could place a hand on her waist, "So just to be clear," he looked down at her face, gazing up at his, "You don't want to dance with Snape?" Lily reached up, pushing his glasses up his nose for him, "Well," she caught him off guard as her fingers traced his jaw, "I was rather hoping I'd get to dance circles around you day and night." "You can dance with me however you like." James quipped, "But you'll have to teach me some more ballet." "Let's start out nice and slow," Lily closed her eyes as he ran his fingers through her hair, "Like an adagio ." James pressed her small form into his chest, "What's that mean?" Lily smirked and guided his hands up her waist and above their heads slowly. She turned, leaning into his body and moving keenly as he dragged his fingers down her arm so that the woolen sweater bunched at her elbow. Lily leaned her head back against his chest in response to his hands sliding down her body. James tried to spin her once his hands were on her waist so that Lily was facing him again but she just laughed and twirled out of his reach effectively. James stepped forward, his hands reaching out for her waist again and she danced vainly out of his reach. He knelt on one knee, like he'd seen in one of the many YouTube versions of Swan Lake that he'd watched. Lily found his movement endearing and moved close again, reaching out her hand for his own. James stood up and moved closer to her outstretched hand. "Adagio," she said methodically as his fingertips brushed hers, "creates the illusion." "What allusion?" James' pinky wrapped around hers and James pulled Lily slowly back towards him, her feet taking their sweet time. "The allusion that the ballet positions flow," Lily responded as James let go of Lily's hand only to place his fingers under her chin so as to angle her face up to his, "from one movement, into another ." Lily pressed her lips delicately against his own and James no longer had any need to continue learning ballet terms because he was too wrapped up kissing the ballerina who was supposed to be teaching him. I promise I'm writing the next chapter of Soulmates too, don't worry. Let me know what you think of this mess of words and dance! xxx Petals