didn't pester her at all as they finished their rounds and headed back to the common room. The common room was silent and empty at one in the morning. James was slightly ahead of her, keeping his thoughts to himself and she hated it. Normally he was an open book but now he was keeping himself shut off. They'd come so far as friends and she knew that he wanted more. She did too. Lily stopped following him and stood still, placing a hand on the couch for some support. James looked over his shoulder and when their eyes met, for a minute Lily was able to think clearly. James' glasses were sliding down his nose as he examined her frozen stance by the couch. Even though he was mad at her and she was frustrated with herself, he only had eyes for her. "I'm not questioning what I see in you." She said, capturing his attention enough that he fully turned to face her, "I'm questioning what you see in me." James' stone cold face shifted and became warm and comforting, "Have I ever given you a reason to question how I feel about you?" "No but—" "This ought to be good." "What if you get sick of me?" "I've never heard anything more ridiculous." "Savannah Long got sick of Michael Amoco." James rolled his eyes at her; "Don't even try to compare what we have to those idiots." Then he stammered, "Wait, are you afraid that you'd get sick of me ?" Lily furrowed her brows together at him angrily, "Of course not!" James half laughed, half moaned, "Then why are you making this so difficult?" "I'm making it difficult?" she asked, puzzled. James' eyes went a bit hazy, "Lily Evans. You don't even know." He shook his finger at her, "The past few months I've had to deal with your continual stares in the classroom. I've had to hold my breath anytime you get closer than you are now because you smell amazing. I've literally avoided Hogsmede so I wouldn't get jealous if you went out with any other bloke. I've had to tell myself not to snog you when you do or say anything remotely sexy." "Sorry." She grumbled, like a kid put in time out. "I'm barely functioning Evans, you drive me mad!" "The feelings quite mutual." She muttered nonsensically. He actually laughed at that one, a real laugh that she felt down to her toes. She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and she smiled, a usual reaction to his laughter. She was surprised when James placed two hands on her shoulders, forcing her to look up at him. His eyes were soft again and she felt herself relaxing under his adoring smile. "And Merlin Evans," he whispered, "Nothings ever driven me quite as mad as seeing you wear my shirt all night." Lily saw the look in his eyes, the same one she'd been avoiding all year. In that moment, Lily decided not to ignore his looks anymore. Lily leaned up on her tiptoes and surprised James when she pressed her lips against his. It took all of three seconds for James to respond by pushing her back against the couch and returning her kiss with a playful nip to her lower lip. His kissing was persistent and rushed, likely all the pent up energy he'd been holding back. Lily loved everything about it. She leaned into the back of the couch, meeting his kisses with a pathetic attempt to slow them down. James' hands were in her hair, on her waist, all over her body really. It did no good, Lily decided, avoiding James for so long. Kissing him was like pulling the trigger of a gun and it set her off. Her hands were tangled in his robes and his glasses were pushing into her nose. Lily didn't want to be caught snogging in the common room like a fifth year so she broke the kiss and grabbed his hand with earnest, pulling him to the farthest corner of the common room. James kissed her hand as she pulled him along until they were behind the boy's staircase, then he put his lips to better use. He pushed her back into the castle wall and she was enveloped in him, becoming attached with each lingering second. He broke away and her chest rose and fell as she stared at him in wonder. She was kissing James Potter in the common room while wearing his shirt after running around in the rain with him. James' lips were darker from kissing her and his hands kept tracing up and down her arms. He was staring at her like she was going to depart and then he grinned roguishly. "What?" Lily smiled nervously, not trusting the smirk. "Would you be fully opposed to becoming my girlfriend?" he asked cleverly. She laughed and he took that as a no , swallowing her laugh with another kiss that led into another kiss, which led into being so wound up in James that she felt lightheaded. When they finally broke apart Lily's hair was pulled to one side of her neck and James' black hair was so flyaway that it looked like he had been in a wind tunnel. Lily licked her swollen lips and stayed leaning against the bookshelf, just smiling at James. He smiled down at her too, looking mighty proud of himself, "I'd better be getting to bed." He murmured, pausing only to run a finger across her cheek, "Before I can't leave you standing here looking lovelier than anything." Lily nodded and reached to take the shirt off but James stopped her hands and tightened the shirt around her hips with a wink. "Keep it." He told her, "The look suits you." It wasn't the first time Lily Evans wore James Potter's shirt and it certainly wouldn't be the last. Thanks for reading! Please tell me what you think! xxx Petals