same way." "Really?" he looked hopeful. She said slowly, "You know what we're going to have to do?" "No?" Lily pushed his glasses up his nose for him, "We're gonna have to keep each other safe." She fell apart under his adoring gaze. Lily took a giant step, plastering her lips to his. They stumbled through her door, James swiftly closing it behind them. This wasn't like all the other times they'd shagged. He was kissing her extravagantly and his hands were driving her out of her mind, slowly tracing her whole body like he was learning it for the first time. She was the one vehemently pressing him faster, keeping her hands busy with unbuttoning his robes. "Think Shondra noticed the sexual tension?" he teased as his robes fell to her floor where they belonged. "I don't give a fuck what she thinks." She bit his lip and he moaned, moving his own hands to unbutton her robes. As soon as she was free of clothes his hands became diligent working at her breasts as they stepped backwards towards her bed. His mouth replaced his hands when they fell down together, his teeth skimming her skin indulgently. Every lick, bite, and kiss had Lily squirming under him, her soft sighs a song for his ears only. It was a give and take of heart and mind. Lily knew her heart ached for every bit of James, especially when his fingers relocated between them, making her hips rise keenly into his touch. Lily's brain was fogged and she wasn't able to overthink the way that his tongue traced past her navel. She couldn't do anything but grip her sheets as he parted her legs, overcoming her with his tongue and fingers until she cried his name in ecstasy. James was satisfied when he was finished since Lily was unable to move for moments after, all her muscles seized from the wild high. He kissed her mouth gratefully and she happily hummed against his tongue. She loved the smug grin on James' face and was eager to replace her look of ecstasy with her similar grin. Lily pressed her hips up, rubbing herself up against his hardening cock impatiently. James snickered, aware she was trying to retaliate for his attack on her. She wasn't just trying though; she was fully committed. Lily wrapped her legs, skillfully twisting them so he was on his back. His glasses were askew on his face and she pulled them off, tossing them aside carelessly. "Easy." He chuckled, "Some of us need to see, you know." Lily leaned in, pushing her hips into his and grating selflessly, "You've had your fun, and it's my turn." James half laugh, half moaned as Lily moved effortlessly so that he was able to slip into her. She had intended to ride him until his fuse blew and he was shouting her name but James (ever so quick in dueling and sex) flipped them again. She was under him and his fingers were between them, rubbing her with his fingers as he rocked into her at the same time. The combination was mind numbing and Lily felt like she was on fire. Her hands wrapped around his neck, her fingers threading into his curls as they fell into a delicious pattern that ended only after they'd both collapsed, their combined frenzy bringing them both to a satisfying lethargy. Lily pressed her forehead against James' tenderly. She held onto this moment, where they were one living breathing unit. She knew they both had a long way to go before they were Aurors. She knew they both had a lot of issues they needed to work through. She knew that James loved her, issues and all. She knew that if Shondra pulled through and put James and Lily on the same team out in the field, there was no doubt in her mind that they'd be a fucking excellent team. Neither James nor Lily was particularly quiet in their activities when they got together and soon, the entire Auror training team knew that Evans and Potter were in a relationship. Lily wasn't even ashamed as she and James were pulled into Shonadra's office and the instructor yelled at the couple for twenty whole minutes to ' fuck each other off property' for the ' bloody sake ' of their fellow students. James and Lily didn't listen of course, but they fought to stay quieter in their exploits. Eventually, James was released from his probations and was allowed to go back to field days. Frank Longbottom, the Auror who James was paired with, stopped by the dorms one day offering James his congratulations on being welcomed back to shadowing and introducing them to his pretty brown-eyed partner, Alice Readings. "This is Franks girlfriend." James told Lily with a wink, "They're partners." "Hi Lily," Alice smiled on Franks' arm kindly, "James told us all about you on his field days." Lily flushed as James wrapped an arm around her waist. "Alice and I were banned from the dorms," Frank told Lily merrily, "Shondra was livid when Alastor Moody caught us shagging in the rec room after a Field Day." "Shondra was even more livid when Frank managed to convince Alastor to let us be partners together." Alice's laugh was soft and full of joy. "Shondra hasn't let James and I do any simulations together since she found out we were seeing each other." Lily said, "I think she's only been passing me on practical's because she wants me out in the field and away from James quicker than anything." It was only right that Alice went to Shondra the next day, requesting Lily to shadow her, thereby pairing Lily with Frank (and as fate would have it) James. Written for the August Jily Challenge. Let me know what ya'll think. I have a hate/love relationship with writing smut but this prompt simply called for it. Loudly. With a megaphone. And ten signs. xxx Petals