door to James' room was partially open and he was talking to Sirius who had arrived when she was downstairs with James' glasses in hand. "I can't thank you enough for bringing my specs." James was saying to Sirius thankfully, "I hated being so blind." "I can't believe you managed to go so long without running into anything." Sirius barked a laugh. "Lily's been helping me get around." Lily couldn't believe she was eavesdropping or that her heart raced when James said her name so affectionately. "If you fancy her now, just wait until you see her with those specs on." "Fuck." Did he just say James fancied her? Lily regretted pushing open the door as soon as Sirius had spoken. Sirius was sitting on the bed staring up at James, who wore thick black frames atop his long pink nose. Both boys turned their heads. Sirius waved. James just stared. Lily was very aware of the way James' eyes deliberately skimmed slowly as they traveled from the tips of her brown work shoes, all the way up to the auburn braid atop her head. He looked well put together and less of a mess than her, considering she felt feverish under his extraordinary stare. Finally, his eyes settled on her face and his face broke out into a smile. "Got your last bit of skelegro." Her voice cracked. Sirius launched up from the bed, "look at the bloody time I have to go uh, make sure Remus knows you're being released- later ." Lily winced when Sirius closed the door behind her so that James had her undivided attention. The only bandage left was on his forehead and cheek, where the toxins had set the most. He was handsome, in a dorky way that most men weren't. Lily hadn't even imagined glasses could've pulled off his look even more. "Here." She thrust the skelegrow at him, "you've got to keep taking it twice a day or your skin will scar." James chuckled in an amused way as he took the skelegrow from her, making their fingertips brush. He put the skelegrown on the bedside and took another step towards her, almost so that he was flush against her person. His hazel eyes were wicked when he smirked, twisting her stomach into knots. "Mind helping me apply the last bit of healing lotion Emily dropped off?" He asked nonchalantly, nodding to the salve on his bedside table. "Emily didn't want to help you?" Lily hoped James didn't notice the scathing way she spoke Emily's name. "The only healer I trust in this building is you." James replied, ignoring the roll of her eyes as he sat down on the bed and slowly peeled the bandages off his face. Lily took a deep breath, knowing she had to get closer, and stepped into James' space. He handed her the salve and she washed her hands before slowly rubbing the salve into the tender skin on James' face. Normally he kept his eyes closed during this part but now his eyes were wide and trapped on her face as she worked, deliberately. "Green." He murmured as she filled the deep pocket on his forehead with the healing ointment. "Hm?" "Your eyes." James lifted a hand and caught her chin, causing her hand to stop cleaning his wound, "they're amazing." "Thanks." She blinked and then found herself leaning into his touch as his eyes skimmed over her face hungrily. Her fingers traced down his temple and rested on his cheek. His spare hand traced her cheek tenderly. James' lips parted into a toothy grin. "You were pretty when I couldn't see a damn thing properly." He confessed, "But now you're the most gorgeous thing I've ever seen." James leaned into her space and pressed his lips against hers without reserve. Her body was on fire from his touch and it was only a chaste kiss, testing the boarders of their relationship. He smelled like mint and honey from the healing ointment and she could feel the chapped side of his mouth from where he was still healing. She pulled her mouth from his, "Your skin is still really raw-" "You worry too much." He surged his lips against hers and he wasn't letting her breathe now. His skimmed his teeth along her lower lip, smirking when she didn't even flinch and instead deepened the kiss greedily. She felt like she'd have to admit herself to the cardiac ward the minute his hands released her cheeks. Her heart was beating at a rate too fast to function. She'd forgotten about the ointment on her hands, and now James' whole face was covered in it. She could taste the balm on thier lips when she licked them. He pulled away finally, pressing his nose against hers. "Thank you." He whispered "For what?" She asked breathlessly. "Liking me for me." He replied back courteously, "rotting skin and all." "The specs almost ruined it for me." She joked, always feeling giddy and lighthearted around him. He wrinkled his nose at her, "You're such a liar." "No really." She fought to keep a straight face, "That acid skin I can deal with no problem but bad vision? Almost a deal breaker." His laughter fell onto her lips, lingering long after he'd been released from the Hospital. Lily didn't know how her life could get any better when she had an Auror at her side whispering sweet nothings into her ear as they went downtown to meet his brother in celebration. James held onto her hand as they walked away from the hospital. His fingers played with the edges of her blouse and his lips kept finding her temple. A few strangers stared at his bandaged face as they crossed the street but James didn't notice because he only had eyes for Lily. Thanks for reading and thanks to the anonymous prompt giver! I loved this one! Let me know what you think here or on tumblr! xxx Petals