game of cards. "You aren't Head Boy anymore Potter." Severus' voice was shaky and breathless like he'd run a mile, "Get out of my shop." "Fine," James said nonchalantly, "Let's go Lily." Lily lowered her wand halfway and took a step back, staring at Severus with worry. Severus' eyes glanced back at her with sudden agony. Lily was disgusted with him and couldn't believe she hadn't seen his advancements as something more than a simple crush. He was clearly more than a little obsessed with her and it frightened her. Lily had never been more thankful for James Potter than she was with Severus' eyes trained possessively on her. "You go with him, you're fired and you can kiss your potioneering career goodbye." Severus snarled. Lily felt James' shoulder brush with hers and all of a sudden her hand was clasped in his, both their wands pointing at Severus Snape. James' hair fell into his eyes as he glared menacingly at Severus. "Lily will be successful without working for a git like you." James told Severus, "and if you ever even look her way, I swear to Merlin I will kick your arse." Despite the severity of the situation Lily couldn't help but feel a rush of affection for James and she squeezed his hand as they both took a step away from Severus at the same time. Severus' fists curled around his wand as he stared lividly while James kept his wand aimed true. Lily let go of James' hand so she could race over to the counter and she grabbed her things. Throwing her bag over her shoulder, Lily went back to James' side and tugged his hand. "Let's go James." She told him. James lowered his wand and they both started walking out. Turning their backs to Severus for even a second was the wrong thing to do. As James opened the door for Lily a spell was shot from behind, the flash in the corner of Lily's eye. The red sparks hit against James' cheek and cut it open, pouring blood over his nice clean robes. "Shit!" James cursed, letting go of Lily's hand. Severus Snape was smirking as James pressed his hand against his cheek to stop the bleeding. Without a second thought, Lily whirled on Snape and sent a spell his way before he could wipe the nasty smirk off his face. Lily's jinx was well aimed and boils began erupting all over Severus' skin. He squealed like the pig he is and clutched his crotch as the boils started erupting on his skin, pouring puss. Pleased with the outcome, Lily twirled her wand in her fingertips. "Yikes." James hissed as Lily closed the door behind them to cover Severus' cursing in her direction, "Remind me not to get on your bad side." "He tried to feel me up." Lily mumbled coolly. James let go of his cheek to stare at her in shock, " He did what ?" James turned to place his hand on the door handle again, "I'm gonna murder that—" "Leave him be." Lily took James' hand off the door handle and pulled him away from the store front to where they were safer in the crowds of people shopping, "He'll have to rub boil ointment on his dick for long enough that I don't think he'll ever try feeling up anybody else ever again." James whistled and shook his head at her, looking happy at her use of magic for revenge, "Your bloody amazing, you know that?" he asked her, throwing his arm around her shoulder and pulling her into his side, "Are you sure your okay?" "Fine thanks to you." She promised, leaning her head against his arm. James snorted, "You didn't need my help, I'm just sad I didn't get there sooner so I could punch his nose in." "Even still," Lily told him, "I appreciate the help." "Let me treat you to lunch," James begged, "It'll get your mind off Snivellus." "And the fact that I'm now jobless." Lily sighed into his embrace. James rolled his eyes, "I'll talk to Fortesque, you can pick up my hours at the shop selling ice cream." "Thanks for being so great all the time." Lily told James, "You're the best." "Don't I know it?" He guffawed, then turned serious, "But seriously, remind me to never get on your bad side. I don't need any bubbling boils on my person." "You're a better man and deserve better things than boils hindering your ability to shag anyone ever again." James laughed and winced when the action made the cut on his cheek start bleeding again. Lily raised her wand and dragged it along his bloody cheek, cleaning it up with magic. Once the blood was gone and James was back to smiling nonsensically at her, Lily leaned up on her tiptoes and kissed him on the cheek. James beamed at her, "Is that a yes to lunch?" She nodded and tucked her wand back in her pocket so he could hold her hand properly. James seemed content to just walk along the streets with her. He tugged on her ponytail playfully as they looked for a place to eat. "So did I ever mention to you my father was a Potioneer?" "No?" Lily smiled at James, "You failed to mention that?" "Well he was." James told her, "And I'm sure he has a few connections you can work with…at least until the Ministry finally puts up a job notice for Potioneers." "Really?" Lily asked James excitedly, "You think?" James pulled her to the edge of the sidewalk and smiled down at her proudly, "I'll write my father tonight, I'm certain he'll know someone way more helpful to you than Snivellus Snape and the Potions Shop from Hell." Lily had to admit, not only was James Potter a looker, but he had a good sense of humor that she appreciated after being assaulted and fired by her boss in the same hour.