place so we're probably in Scotland somewhere." Lily's mouth dropped open, "You took us all the way to Scotland ?" "Oops." James was grinning senselessly enough that Lily had to laugh. Even if he had overshot London by a couple hundred kilos, she was still thankful for him. He leaned in and brushed her hair from her eyes again. She smiled at him, and pushed his hand away from her face lightheartedly. "Hands to yourself, Potter." She teased. James retracted his hand and used it to push his square frame glasses up his nose. She was appreciative that he'd grabbed her when he did. The dementors had not helped her think clearly. Not that he'd been helping her think any clearer before the Dementors. Lily's face faltered from playful to uncomfortable. "About me kissing you…" she murmured senselessly. James' echoing laugh filtered all the way down to her toes the moment he jumped up and offered her his hand. "Come on," he told her, clearly eluding her words, "The sooner I get you home, the sooner I can make sure Sirius didn't splinch either of those fifth years we found huddling together." Lily took his hand and her head only spun a little as she got to her feet. His hand was warm and his fingers danced against the inside of her palm as he waited for her to stop rocking on her feet. "Dementors are pretty effective." Lily stammered. "It's scary that they're leaving Azkaban and coming mainland." James said, "My mum says they must be breeding like rabbits thanks to all the fear in the air surrounding that new Dark Wizard who notions himself Grindlewald." "I don't even feel that Firewhisky anymore." Lily added, "And I wish I did. Are dementors really that draining?" "They feed off despair and teenage hormones." James joked halfheartedly, attempting to clear the air. Lily shivered at the talk and glared at James, "Let's focus on getting home and not what you read in the Daily Prophet, yeah?" James nodded tersely as she reached for her wand and he reached for his. They were both trying so hard not to shout their feelings at each other, she was sure of it. Lily wanted to apologize for kissing him but it was like he didn't want to hear it. She hoped that her actions didn't ruin their friendship. They stood staring at each other under the cloudy sky for a few moments before she admitted, "Thanks for making sure everyone got off the beach." James ruffled his hair with his free hand, "Mind doing me a favor?" "Report this to the Ministry?" He shook his head, "Nah, they don't care. People have been telling them for weeks..." Lily's fingers tangled in her skirts, "What favor then?" "Write me when you get home." He asked thoughtfully and whatever ice remained in her from the Dementors appearance faded entirely, "so I can be sure you got home safe." James could be so charming sometimes. "I would but I don't have an owl." Lily told him earnestly, "Sorry." James frowned, "Oh." Then he perked up, "Mind if I take you home then?" when she didn't answer he added quietly, "Please, Lily?" She softened and placed a hand on his arm, "I'll be fine James." At his less than convinced stare she continued, "Okay, fine, you can take me home if it'll make you feel better." If she was being truthful, it made her feel better too. When he waved goodbye to her once she was leaning against her front door she caught his eye. His hazel eyes were blazing as he turned on the spot and disappeared from her line of vision. James Potter was something special in her life and Lily just couldn't figure out why. So, she continued leaning against her front door for longer than she should have, wishing she was still high on life so that she could've remembered exactly why kissing him had seemed like such a good idea. She came up with nothing though and as she entered her parent's house she reasoned that either way, she was glad they were friends. Lily's father was still up, "How was the party love?" "Fine." If her father noticed her blatant lie, he said nothing. The Evans' had long stopped trying to gather more information about the magical world from their magical inclined daughter. Lily just knew they wouldn't like all the danger she got into and they most certainly wouldn't understand her going to Wales and then to Scotland in the matter of a few hours. Her father would stress over Dementors and her mother would cry if Lily told her about the dark wizards. Petunia, Lily's sister, would never condone kissing someone like James. Lily's entire family would never understand how different Lily was after six years of magic flowing freely in her veins. The more time Lily spent in her magical world, the less time Lily had for the world she was born into. Next time: "Let me be clear." He huffed, "I'm here on a favor for Professor Dumbledore. In no way should you expect to learn anything from me, understood?" Lily's jaw dropped open and a row behind her James snorted quite loudly, deliberately making a scene. "Got a problem boy?" Professor Pidge didn't look at James when he spoke to him; his grey eyes were just suspiciously traveling back and forth across the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom. If Lily were smart, she would've clamped a hand over James' mouth but he was too far away and as such, out of her reach. Beside Lily, Marlene looked tense but it was probably because Defense was her favorite class. James grunted, "It's just one expects to learn something when coming to class ." "Name?" Professor Pidge insisted, his grey eyes still swiveling so much that Lily had to look away. "James Potter." Professor Pidge sniffed, "Here is your first lesson of the day Mr. Potter… disappointment ."