silk, fit as if they were made for him - and it occurred to her they probably had done. She watched him as he stared at her intensely, moving his eyes up from her feet, lingering on where the dress hugged her hips. He drank her in as continued his perusal, finally halting his assessment to rest upon her eyes. She held his gaze and noted the change in his smokey grey eyes, which had darkened like an oncoming thunderstorm, and she felt herself drawn to him like lightning to a beach. She moved forward towards him, eyes never losing contact. "Lucius-" He inclined in his head in a curt bow as he offered his hand to her, palm up. She smiled at the formality and placed her fingertips delicately in his as she curtsied slightly. He leaned forward and brushed his lips against her knuckles. She giggled at the gesture, and when he looked up at her scowling, she laughed aloud. His eyes twinkled with delight, but he kept his sneer in place. Reigning in her mirth, she settled her face back into one of passive contentment, enjoying their gentle teasing. Together they walked with her arm linked in his elbow and his free hand never leaving hers, and the couple entered the transformed Great Hall. Lucius could not remember ever attending an annual Yule Ball that had looked quite as magnificent as this. The long House tables were replaced with smaller round tables which seated twelve a piece in the gold plated chairs that accompanied them. The ivory flowered tablecloths were adorned with gold rimmed plates and goblets at each place setting. It was the birch tree centerpiece, however, which stood in the middle of each of the round tables, that really elevated the atmosphere of the whole room; the bare, white branches reached as high as the tallest Seventh Year, and twinkling fairies danced between and around them, casting a soft light on the whole table. He was floored with the beauty of it, and was clearly not the only person with the same reaction, as gasps came from all directions while more people entered the Hall. Lucius guided Narcissa to a table near the front of the room near to the vast dance floor which had been spelled with tiles that reflected the lake below them. They sat at a table with other Slytherin students but they didn't talk to them often, much preferring to keep their discussion between themselves. Meals were ordered in the traditional way, by speaking their choices into the plate. Narcissa had crafted the perfect menu, and it seemed every guest in attendance was focused on the delicious morsels as groans of pleasure and murmurs of agreement rang through the Great Hall. Lucius couldn't keep his eyes from her; she was stunning - more radiant than the summer's sun. He would sneak looks from the corner of his eye between bites of food, and did nothing to conceal the fact that he did. He didn't even attempt to hide his adoration of her as they danced song after song - pressed close, chest to chest, hip to hip, eyes sealed onto one another as he memorized each lapis fleck in their arctic depths. By the time midnight rolled around, many students had drifted off back to their beds, but Lucius and Narcissa spun slowly on the dance floor, holding each other. She had her head resting against his chest, and he relished in her floral scent. He knew this was his moment to let her know how he truly felt about her. "Narcissa, I need to ask you something." She didn't take her head from his chest, answering him in a sleepy, "Hmm." He smiled, using his hand to lift her chin up to look at him. He met her pale blue eyes and spoke, "Narcissa Black, please make me a happy man. Marry me? Not because of our fathers, but marry me because you love me. Marry me, because…," he hesitated, swallowing his nerves as he reached into his pocket with his free hand and brought out the Malfoy heirloom, offering it to her. "...because I love you." Narcissa didn't hesitate in answering. Her smile radiated across her face as her eyes filled with tears. She looked down at the ring in his outstretched palm; it was also rose gold, with an emerald cut aquamarine halo diamond glittering in the dim light, and smaller diamonds wrapping down the thin band. She looked up to meet those silver eyes she could never quite get enough of and whispered, "Yes, Lucius Malfoy. Yes, I will marry you, because I love you." He slipped the band across her ring finger with the widest and least reserved smile she had ever seen on him. She brushed one of his robe lapels flat with her newly adorned hand, admiring the sparkle of the diamond as it caught in the light. Lucius tilted her chin towards him with his hands cupping her jaw, and she was drawn in once again to the steel grey eyes which held her life's hope and future in their depths. They sealed their love with a passionate kiss, her hands gripping his lapels for leverage, and his fingers twining possessively through her silken hair. It was the most perfect kiss of her life, and Narcissa giggled at the thought of this wizard - this perfect for her wizard - choosing her to stand beside him for the rest of his life. As they broke their kiss, Lucius produced a single, white, long-stemmed rose, and slipped it between her fingers as he placed a soft kiss on her knuckles. She would discover, some days later, that the rose had been spelled to stay a vibrant white, and it remained that way for many years to come as the couple continued to love one another as passionately as they had the night they declared it on the dance floor of the Yule Ball. Finite