playing football?' 'I found this team in Bath who are in the local pub league. And guess what: Dean Thomas is team captain.' Hermione had to remind herself to keep her jaw shut. Draco Malfoy was quite the opposite of predictable. 'He wasn't too keen on my joining them at first … but Dean's definitely one for burying the hatchet over a beer, and so we did. Apparently, I make for a good centre-back.' Hermione cleared her throat while trying to pick up what was left of her cool. Somehow, Draco made her feel like she was fourteen again. And now, she couldn't help but picture him in a football jersey. It was definitely time to change the topic. 'What business brings you here then?' she enquired. 'The library needs new fundings,' he replied between sips of cappuccino; Hermione couldn't help but follow the movement of his tongue as it darted out to collect the froth off his upper lip. 'I thought I'd visit the place and see whether or not I would like to become a benefactor.' 'What would you get out of it?' 'Not much … mainly, my name on some random plaque somewhere in the entrance hall, or – more likely – on a bench, I don't know. Oh, and – how could I forget – a lifetime honorary membership with unlimited access to the library as well as the restricted archives.' 'Transferable?' Hermione enquired hopefully. 'Oh, Granger … sadly, no,' said Draco with a put-on sigh. 'Too bad – it was hard enough obtaining a pass for the week! It was rather pricey, too. I can't imagine how costly a lifetime membership would be …' 'You know, I could always bring somebody along.' For the second time that day, Hermione blushed. She could tell from the way her skin prickled. This was too odd … or was it? Draco was quite suave – admittedly, still putting the sly in Slytherin – but overall witty and sophisticated. And surprisingly nice. Even more surprising was his apparent interest in her; Hermione was neither blind nor thick enough not to realise that. 'Whom do you have in mind?' she said with an air of ostensible casualty. 'Oh, you know'– Draco tapped his chin as though intensely pondering –'someone with a vague interest in literature, probably. The swotty kind.' 'So … definitely not Ron.' Draco snorted. 'Most definitely not.' He remained quiet for a while, and Hermione began to feel nervous. A thousand questions popped into her head all at once: would this lead anywhere? If so, where exactly? Would it mean anything? Would she want it to mean something? What would her friends say? Would that even matter after all those years? Hermione failed to stifle a groan, an expression of her frustration with the lack of answers. 'What's wrong?' asked Draco, once again levelling his gaze with hers. Godric, his eyes … they are just grey, Hermione! 'Nothing, it's just – you … and I – here – ugh.' She let her face fall into her hands. 'I see,' he said, voice layered with disappointment. 'Look, I know this is bordering mental, but here we are. Who would have thought? Well … I'm just glad you joined me for coffee. But I wouldn't want you to feel awkward, so … I'll leave you to your thoughts.' 'What?' Hermione looked up at the blond, who was already in the middle of leaving, putting a Muggle banknote on the table – way too much for what they'd had. 'No, really, it's fine … Hermione. See you around.' With that, he turned on his heels and made towards the exit. 'Draco, wait!' said Hermione, getting up and hastily collecting her belongings before following him outside. As soon as she was out the door, she grabbed him by the arm. He turned around, wearing a devilish smile, and Hermione realised immediately what it meant. 'Oh, you …' she fumed, 'you Slytherin you!' 'Is that supposed to insult me?' He raised an eyebrow. 'I just wanted to see what would happen, is all.' 'Let me guess – you knew I would come.' Draco took a step towards her, which made Hermione's heart misbehave – it wasn't supposed to beat faster! 'Well, I didn't know for sure, but I gambled, and the odds turned out in my favour,' he smirked, tucking a strand of her unruly hair behind her ear – common code for "I want to kiss you". Hermione's feet (like the rest of her body) had decided to work against her by stepping ever closer. 'Like I said,' he added. 'Predictable.' 'I'm not predictable,' she breathed against his lips. 'Yes, you are.' And with that, he closed the remaining distance, sealing her lips with a remarkable kiss, and Hermione's world began to spin. Had kisses ever felt this way? This mind-blowing, this … words failed her. She only leant into him further, revelled in the way he had his hand buried in her hair, the texture of his lips and his enticing smell, his warm touch – Merlin's beard, was anything about this man not perfect? When he withdrew after an unidentifiable amount of time, Hermione found herself in a post-snogging stupor. 'Been waiting to do that for quite a while now,' he said softly. His hair – which she had ruffled, apparently – looked ever so appealing, and his cheeks were tinged with a light pink hue. Good to know she wasn't the only besotted one. 'You have?' was all she got out. 'Oh yeah.' Draco smiled at her. 'London is just so … full of eyes. I prefer the company of strangers.' 'I'm not a stranger.' He chuckled. 'It rhymes with you, that counts – listen, I've got to run … boring business supper. I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?' 'How long will you be staying?' she called after him, and Draco backpedalled slowly, his sweet smile turning into a mischievous grin that made Hermione's heart flutter. 'However long you like.'