his mind, but Lily waited as patiently as she could. It might be something to do with his family, in which case there was a chance he wouldn't tell her anyway, but she knew by now that pressing him wouldn't make him more likely to tell her. Once the crisps were finished, Lily considered whether it would be a good move to start reading the Standard Book of Spells she had shoved into her satchel, in preparation for their arrival at Hogwarts, when Severus began to speak slowly and with a degree of reluctance. He seemed to be trying to remember something, almost as if he didn't really want to think about it. "Me mum mentioned that some families have traditions," he said, and it took Lily a moment to realise that he was probably referring to the boys they had encountered earlier, even if it was in a roundabout way. She hadn't really been paying that much attention to them, and had pretty much put them from her mind once they'd left the carriage, though it was obvious now that they'd struck a nerve with Severus. She waited silently, with a hint of excitement. She knew that Severus's mother didn't give out much information about the wizarding world. From what she could tell, Eileen Snape didn't give out much information or even talk a huge amount, so the small fragments were of especial value. Now they would be able to discover new things for themselves, but for those initial years of their friendship in Cokeworth, their knowledge of this bright new world that awaited them came exclusively from whatever small scraps of detail she chose to impart to her eager son, which he in turn shared with Lily, his whole face glowing with excitement. "There's some old families that have been magical since the year dot. Ones that are infamous for dark magic and curses, that everyone's scared of them. They all know all sorts of nasty curses practically from birth, it's in their blood. People I - we - should be careful of and not make enemies out of," he continued, not meeting her eye. Lily digested this information. Both of the boys she they had encountered did seem to be pretty confident and familiar with the wizarding world. She shivered slightly, "But that's not fair," she protested weakly, "I've never learnt any magic, I thought that wasn't supposed to matter…" "Neither have I," Severus pointed out sadly, "We might have to study really hard to catch up… And stay safe…" he added and she was grateful that he saw the threats of the world so much more clearly than she did. She couldn't quite comprehend what kind of nasty spells the children from magical backgrounds might know, but she had a sneaking suspicion that if they wanted to do harm, the two of them would be fairly defenceless. She once again resolved to avoid the house they'd mentioned - was it Gryffindor? - and hope frantically to be with Severus. He pulled out of his satchel the book she'd also bought, the one about defending against 'Dark Forces', though hers was a brand new copy and his had a slightly different subtitle to her's, in addition to having what looked like bite marks from what Lily vaguely assumed to be either rats or mice. She didn't think it likely that any of the Snapes had been responsible for the chewing of the book. Together, they poured over the introduction, sitting side by side. Most of the rest of the journey passed with them commenting and talking excitedly about defending themselves from dark magic and evil curses, until Lily realised that they needed to change into their school robes. Scrabbling, they withdrew their scrunched up robes. Lily's mother had sighed at her and told her to fold it properly, but Lily had just shoved it into her satchel regardless. The instructions had specified that the trunks would be stored in the baggage section of the carriage, and would be transported from there to their dormitories so the belonging they wanted for the train journey had to be packed separately. Her mother had packed her other clothes into her brand new trunk, complete with runic spells to make it light enough to lift easily, but Lily had been left to her own devices for the satchel. Severus, she was amused to notice, had likewise not folded his robe. Unlike hers, it looked to be second hand. He stood up and drew the curtain over the window in the carriage door, so they could get changed without accidentally gaining an audience. "So, we take everything off and put the robes on?" Lily checked with him, certain of the answer already. She was already removing her yellow-flowered sundress, almost signifying the end of summer to be replaced with the dark cold of the winter that would follow the encroaching autumn. He nodded, "I think underwear is alright…?" he reasoned, starting to remove his eclectic clothing. Like all his outfits, it consisted mainly of clothes that were old, didn't appear to fit him or even have been originally purchased for him. "What about socks?" Lily asked, looking at her feet poking out from underneath her black school robes. Severus paused slightly and thoughtfully pulled his robes over his head. He sat down, stuck his feet out and wiggled his toes in consideration. He was wearing charmingly odd socks, a lacy yellow one on his left foot and a well-darned but far too large grey one his right. Lily could not recall ever having seen him in matching socks. "Do wizards wear socks…?" he wondered aloud, and they shared an amused grin. "I hope so," Lily admitted, with a giggle, "Otherwise we're going to have cold feet in winter," Severus shrugged, "No one's going to know with the robes," as they looked at each other with repressed excitement. Finally they looked like a real witch and wizard, about to begin their magical education.