did every day for an hour. Everyone knew that she never recovered from the cold hearted murder of her husband. When Ronald died, everyone first thought it was old age. Ron had survived the Voldemort War, played twenty-seven seasons as Keeper of the Chudley Canons, and was an active auror during that entire time. When he retired, he did so not because of age, but because he accepted a commission as a General in the His Majesties Royal Army by Supreme Commander Lord Harry James Potter at the start of World War III. World War III marked the end of the International Statue of Secrecy, mainly because if not for the magicals in America, the British Commonwealth, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Syria, Israel, China, and the Unified Korea then the war would have been lost and the world sent into darkness for a thousand years. Supreme Commander Potter and General Weasley personally lead the liberation of Russia atop of a flight of dragons with goblins, centaurs, house elves, magicals, and mundanes in the army below them. After the war Ron and Harry returned to Scotland and Hogwarts where they taught with their wives. Harry taught Defense Against the Dark Arts, Law, and Government while Ron taught Charms, Dueling, and Self Defense. The nine year war was the longest stretch that the either men had been away from their wives since they were eleven years old. Both wives had remained at Hogwarts during the war and made sure that the children there were safe and educated. They did this by calling upon the Order of the Phoenix as their leaders. Mere weeks after Ron was buried, Hermione began to believe that his death had been murder. Ron had said that someone had been following him and asking questions about him. Though long retired, Ron was still an auror and still investigated crimes when he felt like it. After pondering what was going on, Hermione finally asked Harry to investigate formally. Because of his many titles, Harry had remained an active auror since he was seventeen years old. After five months of work, Harry found out who killed Ron. Hermione and he killed the bastard in his sleep one night. Cormac McClaggen never knew what hit him when his house was flattened by a freak meteor strike. When the remains of his house and offices were searched, the missing journals of Voldemort were discovered. It seemed that McClaggen had found them when he was freelancing as a mercenary after WWIII in South America where they had remained in the hands of the Dark Lady who almost did what Voldemort could never do, kill Harry. "Ronnie, I've done it, I figured out how to go back in time with Harry. We can save everyone including my father and you. We can stop McClaggen before he starts searching for Voldemort's texts and we can stop the Dark Lady from coming to power. We can save so many lives! Anyway, we can't stay long. I love you Ronnie." Hermione said before cleaning off his husband's headstone and leaving a dozen orange flowers behind. That done, the two of them shifted to Ginny's Place on the other side of the world. As soon as they arrived, Hermione went to work finishing her preparations while Harry began to summon all of his magic, making sure it was ready when Hermione needed it. After sealing the last runes, Hermione crossed to Harry, who was sitting Indian style while floating five feet in the air. "Harry, are you ready? "Yes. What do you need me to do?" "Let your magic flow out of you and cover the runes. Let it be absorbed by the runes and the ground." Hermione said. Harry did as he was told and released his magic. For the first time in almost two centuries, Harry let his magic consciously go, removing all blocks on it. Hermione felt the runes powering up and getting ready. "Harry, have you even reached your core?" "No." "We need the explosion Harry. I want you to reach deep within yourself and pull your magical core to the surface. I'll do the same thing." Harry nodded and willed his core to move to just beneath the surface of his skin. His magic began to burn at his skin, but Harry ignored it as he continued to pull it up. Finally he could pull it no more and told that to Hermione. "Ok Harry, this is going to hurt, a lot. I am going to activate the last set of runes, they are soul banishment runes. These will force our souls out of our bodies. As soon as that happens, our cores should explode. The explosion and the runes that are drawn should open a temporal portal to our eleven year old selves." That had been the hardest part of this plan, was how to jump back in time but remain in this reality. There had many cases where a magical could jump to a new reality and time, but that was not what Hermione wanted. "Do you have a plan?" Harry asked as he tried to keep himself together. "Yes. Relax and let me do this." Hermione said before she activated the last rune which indeed caused more pain than she ever felt in her life as her soul was ripped from her body. Hermione looked from above her body as Harry's soul exited his body. As soon as his soul was free, Harry's body exploded atomizing everything within a thousand miles of him instantly. Right before this happened; the runes did their job and opened the portal. The magical blast wave spread out including into the portal. The portal, a black hole really, pulled all matter and energy into it, including their souls. As soon as their souls were sucked into the Black Hole, it sealed itself and the world that existed mere moments before disappeared into nothingness for the Prince of Gryffindor and his sister were sitting the world straight.