presence of relative peace evaporated. We had a real talk about what was going to happen. And even though I didn't like it one bit, I couldn't stop her from going with Potter and Weasley. I knew that and I knew she would never forgive me if I gave her an ultimatum, so I didn't. But I helped her plan out everything and I knew about the horcruxes, she didn't keep any secrets from me. And that brought me some peace. I spent two weeks at the Burrow and we slept together in the same bed every night. No one had thought to inform Mrs. Weasley about our relationship. Ginny snuck out to Potter's bed a few times. Fleur and Bill's wedding was the second time I could hold Hermione and dance with her. Only this time it had a more desperate undertone because we both knew the end was coming. A few moments later she disapparated with Potter and Weasley and I went along with Luna. I didn't sleep that night. I watched the dark mark float menacingly above the destroyed Burrow. I went back to school, together with Luna. The first few months passed in a blur of anxiety and rising rebellion and torture. The Carrows were a kind of their own. I did figure out Professor Snape was not the enemy. He gave us potions to help with the tremors. The Carrows liked the Cruciatus Curse, but they also enjoyed the slicing charm. In the first few years at Hogwarts, the only time I was in the Hospital Wing was to visit Hermione, but that year I had to go there for myself. It was disconcerting. I befriended Madam Pomphrey though. Neville and I became the leaders of the Rebellion at Hogwarts. We protected the younger years and we agreed to take in any Slytherin. Daphne Greengrass helped us make those choices. We had students of every years and every House hiding in the Common Room. Luna and I were in Hogsmeade when she was grabbed. I fought them, I did. I gave it all I got, but they managed to hex me in the face, resulting in the scar I still have. The scar goes from my hairline at my right ear, across my cheek, all the way down to my chin. It's not pretty, still isn't after all those years. Professor Flitwick was the one to find me, unconscious, bleeding in the snow. He'd heard the ruckus, but even he had been too late. That took a toll on me. I got angry, angry like I'd never been. It was a quiet and intense burn inside of me and I'm sure I scared some of the first years when my gaze landed on them by accident. It took some help but I finally took that anger and put it in my training. Then one day, Neville walked through the portrait and he came out with my Hermione. I sunk down on my knees and started bawling. Hermione rushed to my side and started kissing my entire face, laughing and crying at the same time. She reassured me she was really there and that she was okay. After a while, I got more coherent and noticed how dangerously thin she was, how pale, how she had a bandage wrapped around her arm. I noticed the tremor of her fingers, an after symptom of the Cruciatus that takes months to go away. The anger came back. "Who hurt you?" I grabbed her shoulders, demanding to know who did this to her. "Bellatrix LeStrange", she finally answered. All I did was nod, but we both understood that if I saw her I would throw everything I had at her. She had to die. "Who hurt you?" She asked me, putting her hand on my scarred cheek. "Dolohov", I told her. Then she went off again with Weasley, to get the Basilisk fangs. I took my Study Group and we headed into battle. I didn't manage to kill Bellatrix, but I did manage to send a cutting hex that cut off her hair. She was furious, but then Mrs. Weasley fought like the mama bear she is and took her down. In the end, we were victorious. My entire Study Group survived. My Hermione survived. The first week after the battle Hermione and I holed ourselves up in my childhood home. We didn't leave it. We spent the time eating ,sleeping and getting reacquainted with each other's bodies. Crying salty tears over each new scar. We shared our stories, left nothing untold. Hermione's parents and my Auntie moved back to England. Hermione and I got our own little place though, unwilling to be apart from each other again. Hogwarts reopened and Hermione and I went back daily, sleeping in our own apartment. The ghosts of Hogwarts too numerous to spend the nights there. We graduated with top marks though. We spent a lot of time traveling together, settled in Canada for a few years, studying at Wizarding Uni. Then we moved back to England and opened our own Consultant and Research Office. We helped make new legislation. We help make new textbooks for Hogwarts and other wizarding schools. All at our own terms. Twenty years has passed since the Last Battle, maybe that's why my mind has been stuck there. "Love, what are you doing?" Hermione asks me hoarsely. "I just wrote down our history." Hermione hums sleepily, walking her fingers up the leg she's wrapped around. "Really," she teases, "did you write down any good details?" I chuckle, "I did write about that one spectacular night we had in our classroom. Remember that?" I put the notebook on the bedside table and focus on my lovely wife. I pull her off my leg and lay down on top of her. "Why don't I show you just how I remember it?" I say teasing her with kisses down her nipples and down her tummy. "Oooh, please do." Hermione moans.