Harry looked through made him shake his head, 'Right here is the reports sent in by people who saw suspicious activity but it was never acted upon. Right, I'm going to be dealing with these new dark wizard, you two go through all this. Find any crimes that you believe you can deal with and do what you can.' 'Don't you want help…boss…Minister?' 'No, I do not need help, but you can call me Minister and I will make you both equally head aurors. Just be careful and do not take on anything you are not sure of.' Harry left the auror office and headed back down through the atrium but this time everyone kept their distance. It was three hours later that Harry Potter arrived in the middle of the ministry with one hundred and twenty dark witches and wizard. All were alive but unconscious and all were bound. He looked around as the applause started and realised that these people were victims just as much as he was. Harry nodded then levitated the men down to the holding cells, where he had to magically extend the cells to fit all of them. Once they were locked up he woke them up before heading back to his office. He found the heads of all the departments waiting for him, just as he requested. Harry stared intensely at each one, some remained, other's disappeared with a slight pop making everyone gasp. 'What happened?' Harry turned to the woman who spoke, 'They were only here for what they could get and believed they could change my mind. Now all of you are clean and wish to work and live in a world where everyone is treated fairly. Did the former government explain how this ministry will work from now on?' everyone shook their heads, 'From this moment on, whether it's the Minister or maintenance worker, from unspeakable to the people that cook in the cafeteria, you we will all earn the same amount of money. So if you do not like your job or believe you do not need to do the work then you best leave now,' Harry waited but everyone stayed sitting, so he cast his charm, 'That is done, you are all set to return to your departments. I will meet with each of you once a week and I will read every person that works in your department. If would be wise to tell me if you see anything suspicious or believe some are trying to work against this ministry because I will find out then you will be gone as well.' Harry waited until everyone left them headed out. He had a few visits to make before he could head home to his girls and to his love. Harry arrived at Azkaban, he walked straight towards the cell that held Ginny Weasley. He snarled at her as she glared back. 'I told you I would get even one day Ginny. Our daughter now has no memory of you or anyone in your family. The only memory she has is of me and Severus,' Harry moved his wand in a figure eight patter then circled it. 'What are you doing?' 'I just removed your magical core, another little spell I invented. Have a nice life, what's left of it,' Harry turned and walked away, ignoring Ginny's yells then cries. Next Harry walked into the kitchen of the Burrow. He never spoke, just moved his wand again even with everyone glaring at him. 'Now I'm done.' 'What did you do…Potter?' Ron snarled. Harry grinned evilly, 'I remove your magical cores, you are now squibs, or muggles, take your pick as it's the same thing. Oh in case you believe that telling my daughters anything, won't work. They do not know who any of you are, not any more. Have a nice life, what's left of it.' Harry turned and just like in the ministry, felt a something hit his shield, he looked and saw the knife lodged in Hermione's chest, 'I warned everyone not to do that, seems you need to make funeral arrangements for Hermione.' Harry left the Burrow then paid the last few people a visit, first was the former head auror then the three aurors who had been working when Harry first explained about the crimes against him. Once he removed their magical cores, he explained, then left. Severus arrived back home just as Harry stepped out of the fireplace, 'So how did everything go?' 'Like I expected, with one difference, only Hermione tried to kill me, with a knife. But all the Weasley's including Ginny have now lost their magic. I did the aurors before returning home.' 'Did you find out about those dark wizards?' 'Locked up, every one of them. I have the two aurors who want to be aurors working on the files now. I could not believe how much training they had and what was left out. They do not know much more than a sixth year student.' 'You will get them up to scratch. Minerva would be working on the new classes right now, hopefully by the time the new year starts she will have the right people teaching.' 'She will now she can select people that wish to teach and that know how to teach. Let's go get our girls, they want to fly.' Severus smiled at his husband before the headed upstairs to find their daughters. One thing that only a select few knew, the potion that was given to Rose and Lily wasn't just to remove their old memories and place new memories into their minds, but it also made the girls Severus' daughters as well. Harry and Severus finally had their family and the life they should have had six years ago. The magical world in Britain was changing, for the better. The end: I wish to thank everyone for reading, and I hope I can continue to bring interesting stories for the fans of fanfiction.