it making his head pound all the more. ~BOOM~ Harry's head pounded as a loud noise from downstairs echoed up. Harry whimpered out again as pain blossomed all over his body. ~Thump Thump THUMP~ Harry whimpered, as more noise managed to reach his ears, his head pulsating in pain. ~Clank, Clank~ Harry wanted so much to move his hands to his ears, but he could not move his body. The noises all pounded his head, the pain increasing with every clank, Harry cried out. The pounding and the pain preventing him from hearing anything any longer. He felt his body shifted, and he cried out from the movement. He opened his eyes but could see nothing but a white fog. He kept crying; wishing so much for the pain to stop. So much pain. Hands, he could feel hands on him. Someone was holding him? His head pounded, was someone talking? He could not make out any of the noises, he could not see anything. He whimpered more, and then felt something cold pressed up to his lips. A little bit of cold water slipped into his mouth. Merlin did it feel so good flowing down his parched and ripped throat. Only sips flowed through his lips but he was very thankful for what little he was given. His water source disappeared from his lips, and something else was pressed up. Harry could smell it, a very powerful smell, it made his head pound. He whimpered and tried to turn his head, but a hand on his face held it in place. The glass pressed once more to his lips, and some of it managed to slip into his mouth. It was FOUL! Harry choked on it, and whimpered more. The hand moved from his face, and when his lips cracked open next he found his mouth full of the foul-tasting fluid. A hand clamped over his mouth to follow the liquid. Harry managed to choke down the vile liquid quickly to get the taste from his mouth. He whimpered and whined; gagging. A hand on his tummy made small circular rubbing motions. It was soothing, despite how foul he felt at this moment. The pain however started fading, and the pounding started to go away. Harry felt his body relax and funny waves of what he could only describe as a bubbly sensation blanketed his body. Then his head fogged up, and he felt himself drifting to unconsciousness. Lightly before he managed to drift off, he heard a cooing noise coming from the body he leant on. Then there was nothing The Weasley family were all up when pounding on the door started. Molly opened it up and there stood Dumbledore with a 16 year old Harry potter in his arms. Molly ushered him in " what's going on Albus?" she asked as he came inside. Albus looked at her as Sirius came in behind them " Harry has come to his inheritance Age seems he is a Kitsune a Silver one at that. He is also a Omega i'm here to make a Bonding contract with your two oldest" Albus said. Molly looked confused " why my two Oldest Albus there are others" she asked. Albus sighed " yes but your two oldest are together and both are Alpha's. meaning they can Bond with him while the twins are Beta's Ron is with Miss Granger and your daughter is out of the question since he is a Omega and she is a female beta. So can you bring them and i will get Madam Pomfrey His relatives did a real number on him this year. Had i known before hand i would have taken him out of that house Sirius here is now his legal Guardian and has agreed to this contract to save his godson from being auctioned off by the ministry like other Omega's we need to get this down before they find out about him so call them over" he replied to Sirius was acting calm but he was fuming on the inside and only reason he wasn't being verbal is because his godson came before everything else. Molly went and fire called her oldest children told them there was emergence they need to get over her now. Kitsunes were rare and Silver ones were all but extinct her family were made up with a dragon being Charlie, a incubus being Bill who also had werwolf trait due to the attack, and two red Kitsunes her twins. She knew they needed to hurry this because a omega Silver Kitsune was like telling all the pureblood that their was a breeding whore for sale. It was Pure madness. She showed Albus where he can put Harry while he got the healer to come check on him. Two hours later Pomfrey has patched harry up and gave Dumbledore directions while Severus was to stay and give the boy potions. Bill and Charlie were there arguing over the arrangements But knew it was better than letting the boy be whored off to every pureblood out there. They finally agreed if he agreed if he didn't they were not gonna force him into something he didn't want. ~_~_~_~_~_~_~ time Skip ~_~_~_~_~_~_~_~ Three days later there laid Harry potter with new Silver hair ears and nine tails which represents how powerful he actually was. His magic was not grounded when he woke up. He was whimpering from all the loud noises. The confusion hit him full force when he opened his eyes to see he wasn't in his room. His vision was blurry but he made out red hair on two of the figures and mumbled " Weasley's…. Burrow" his confusion only grew from there when a male spoke one he didn't recognize. " Harry you're safe you at our home Dumbledore saved you" the male said. Harry didn't understand who it was but the male scent was calming the voice was like listening to the ocean…. To be continued