upper floor without another word. Tom barely hid a grin at the look of frustration on Dumbledore's face - he didn't often see that. "Do you think she's telling the truth, Professor?" asked Tom, with false concern etched in his voice. Dumbledore sighed, and looked even older than usual. "I think she believes it's true." He said thoughtfully, "But, I also think she's been living alone for a long time." Even Dumbledore thinks she's nuts, Tom thought smugly. "I think you may be right." He said somberly, and stood up as well. "Good night, Professor." The next day went by in a blur of activity. Tom left Dumbledore and his new charge to do Amalia's shopping in the morning. He felt right again as he did his own long-overdue shopping, and saw many Hogwarts students among the throng in Diagon Alley as it was the day before the start of term. He stayed out late, and only arrived back at The Leaky Cauldron when it was already getting dark. He spotted Dumbledore in a discussion with a group of awestruck-looking old wizards in emerald robes, but didn't know what language they were speaking in. He resisted rolling his eyes - what made him so great, anyway? But as he passed by, Dumbledore looked over and motioned to him. He fixed a polite smile on his face and walked over. "Tom," said Dumbledore when he was close enough, "Before you go to bed, tell Ms Gray we are leaving at precisely eight o' clock tomorrow morning." Tom nodded, his cheerful mood somewhat dampened at the thought of speaking to the neurotic girl. But he went upstairs and paused at her door and called out, "Ms Gray, are you in there?" he heard no reply, so he raised his hand and knocked. As soon as his knuckles connected with the wood of the door, a surge of energy like a bolt of electricity flashed through him, and he jerked back, cursing. There was a red welt on his hand where the spell had burnt him. He glared at the door and considered blasting the damn thing into splinters. Who in seven hells put a Stinging Hex on the door of an inn?! He heard footsteps and the door cracked open, and Amalia stood there, pointing her wand at him suspiciously. "Oh, it's just you." She said, and her eyes lost their interest. He felt a prickle of annoyance. He knew for a fact that all female students at Hogwarts would have squealed in delight, or shrank back in fear at the sight of him at their door, not curled their lip in barely disguised disdain! She left the door open and walked back inside. He stalked after her. She walked over to the bed and picked up a book which she had obviously just been reading. It was Advanced Potion-Making, Year Five. "We're leaving at eight tomorrow," he spat, still rubbing the welt on his hand, "Don't be late." "I won't be." She answered emotionlessly. He turned on his heel to march out before he hexed her out of annoyance. "Riddle," she said suddenly, making him pause. "What?" he snapped. "What house are you in?" she seemed genuinely curious. "…Slytherin." He replied. She nodded. "Is that the best house?" "Of course." He said arrogantly. She seemed thoughtful. "Do you think I will make it into Slytherin?" He looked into her big brown eyes and said coldly, "No." Slytherin was no place for paranoid hoarders, after all. She blinked. "Oh." She looked down at the Potions book and traced a finger over the cover. "Dumbledore mentioned you live in a muggle orphanage." She said suddenly, "Is that true?" Tom just looked at her, with ice in his eyes, while he imagined cursing Dumbledore in the worst way possible for the umpteenth time. Amalia saw the answer in his stiff expression, and inclined her head. "Are you muggleborn?" she asked next, in a matter-of-fact voice. Tom, who had been determined not to give anything else away, couldn't help a disgusted expression flitting across his face, and he snarled, "No!" "A Half-blood, then." Concluded Amalia simply, and, seeing confirmation in his glare, she shrugged and returned her attention to her book. Tom tried to contain his fury with difficulty. How dare this insolent little girl speak to him like this…?! In his pocket, he felt his wand heating up under his fingers as he itched to curse her pretty little face right off… not that he thought she was pretty, of course… He was distracted from his rage by her next words. "I sometimes wonder… why aren't there any magical orphanages…?" she murmured, as if she'd forgotten Tom's presence entirely. She sounded… wistful. Magical orphanages? … Was she an orphan, then? … I moved to Knockturn two years ago. Before that… It isn't relevant. … Yes, whatever family I may have had left a small fortune at Gringotts. Tom's rage faded to a dull roar at the back of his mind as he was gripped by a terrible curiosity. Who was she? What had happened in her past? Whatever her story was, she was certainly different . And different was interesting… As he left her room, he pondered everything he knew about her. It wasn't much. And now she knew he was Half-blood. Though it wasn't exactly a secret at Hogwarts, he certainly didn't broadcast it, and those that did know also knew to keep their mouths shut . Could she use this against him…? He shook his head at his own folly. There was no way she posed a threat to him. The notion was laughable. But he wanted to understand the mystery that was Amalia Gray… and he vowed darkly to himself that he would do it… Even if it meant he had to get his hands dirty in the process. He threw himself down on his bed and let an evil grin twist his handsome features. This might actually be quite fun…