thighs. An elated giggle escaped as she made it to the homestretch, arriving at last staircase that led to the Great Hall. Her movement halted just as another opponent arrived at the other end of the corridor. " Cesso! " the girl across from her all but shouted, her aim deadly accurate. Lily fell to her knees to avoid the spell, taking advantage of the muscles that no longer seemed to work. She had ducked just in time, feeling the warmth of the spell breeze past her ear and swung her wand arm around and tossed back the spell like a sport. Her lips smiled with satisfaction as her spell hit its target, the girl frozen with a look of surprise. Lily struggled to stand then, her muscles protesting and legs shaking as she straightened. Beginning to feel more giddy than tired, she half-skipped down the steps of the staircase, the Entrance Hall below her refreshingly empty. Though her legs felt like jelly, she began to full-on skip down the stairs, the grin on her face beginning to grow as she mentally counted down. Her right foot slipped on a step and any thought of victory was wiped clean from her mind. Her sound of surprise echoed loudly in the open entry way as she fell backwards against the stone steps, trying to use her hands to ease the fall. Her momentum kept her sliding, however, as she tumbled the rest of the way down the staircase, rolling to a near clean stop on her back at the bottom of the stairs. She felt dizzyingly sick as she gazed up at the Entrance Hall's tall ceiling. She began to think the giggling from above her was imaginary, until she recognized the sound. "Ow," Lily cried pitifully, painfully rolling herself up into a sitting position. She began to immediately rub at her hip bone and at her ankle, trying to soothe the pain that blossomed there. "Is it ever possible for you to avoid getting hurt?" asked a soft voice full of mirth, the giggles around Lily now dissolving into a full-out laughter. Continuing to rub viciously at wounded limbs to ease the pain, Lily sent the two girls in front of her a baleful look, unable to push away her own laughter bubbling in her chest. "It's not nice to laugh at someone hurt," Lily pointed out, struggling to remain serious. "What'd you do this time?" she heard Marlene call, as the girl herself skipped down the stairs gracefully, arm linked with the blonde girl who Lily had managed to freeze before her descent down the stairs. "I believe there comes a time when a person falls too much, that it's considered not normal." "Doesn't mean you should laugh at a girl," Lily admonished, reaching out to swipe at her friend's leg. "But you make it so easy," Marlene responded, jumping away easily and collapsing on the floor a few feet away from Lily. "Yeah, well, it's not my fault I'm prone to.." "Breaking bones?" Emmeline filled in, taking the spot beside her. "Infirmary visits?" Dorcas supplied helpfully, sitting on her feet. "Trouble." Marlene added resolutely. "Accidents," Lily finished, giving her friends a sharp look, struggling to remain serious but failing as a laugh escaped. "Alright, down to business," Marlene stated, easily switching to a serious mood. The girls around her sober, following suit. "Lily, will you do the honors?" Lily shook her head and laughed again, waving her wand none-the-less. Before them on the floor, a golden glowing chart materialized, listing each of the girls names and scores: A. Prewitt- 45 D. Meadows- 40 L. Evans- 30 M. Mckinnon- 25 E. Vance - 15 "Ha!" Alice crowed. "I defeated you all !" Her arms rose up, punching the air in victory. From beside her, Dorcas was shaking her head in disbelief, her bright blonde hair falling over her shoulder as she crossed her arms unhappily. "Five points," she scoffed, reaching over to lightly punch Alice in her thigh. "Five points, fair and square," Alice replied, unfazed by the attack, grinning happily. "Fourth?" Marlene groused, folding her arms into her chest as she turned to stare unimpressed at Lily. Lily laughed and nudged her with her elbow. "Next time," she said, smiling at her, tucking her messy waves back behind her ear. Emmeline laughed, reaching over to muss up Marlene's dark hair. "Yeah, yeah," Marlene huffed, unable to prevent a smile as she slapped Emmeline's hand away. "Let's head back to the Common Room.." "Think you can stay off your arse next time, Lily?" Dorcas teased, reaching her hand out to help the redhead stand. "I sure hope so," Lily murmured, appraising her injuries as she took the offered hand. She grimaced, allowing her friend to pull her up. "I don't think my bum can take another year of bruising." She rubbed at her hip absentmindedly as she leaned against Dorcas, testing out her right ankle. It was slightly swollen, a dark bruise already beginning to blemish the pale skin on her foot. "I think it's sprained," Emmeline noted, bending to examine it quickly. "And we don't have any pain-reliever potions made yet." "I'll go to Pomfrey tomorrow morning," Lily assured, now leaning against Dorcas as a crutch, trying not to grimace as they began to hobble back up the steps. As they'd only just arrived for their 6th Year two days ago, they were already too eager to get back into the routine of the Game. They chose tonight to start the year. Despite classes starting in the morning, the girls were willing to risk falling asleep the first day of classes to have their secret fun. "You always go all out, Evans," Marlene said. "We know you're aspiring to be an auror, but there's no need to go and get yourself killed yet." Lily laughed aloud as continued on their way back to Gryffindor tower. "But it's more fun that way," Lily replied easily, grinning at her friends.