of the Phoenix. He cleared his throat. "Welcome, everyone, to this meeting of the Order. Now, to start, " His eyes focused on a red haired man. "Arthur." The man jerked in surprise, then walked to the front of the room. He hesitated for a moment, rubbing his eyes, then spoke. "The Minister has begun to implement the Unification Laws. As you all know, these laws were made by supporters of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, to begin the removal of muggleborns from wizarding life. So far, they have significantly complicated the process any Muggle-born witch or wizard would complete to get a usual job, essentially leaving them unemployable. Additionally, they have begun putting traces on all Muggle-Borns wands." Murmurs and curses filled the room at this news. "This is just the beginning," continued Arthur. "Through my source in the ministry, I have found out they will begin a law titled "The Pure Continuation", which will pave the way for the legalization of the collection of muggle borns, imprisoning them if they go against Pureblood ideals, along with legalizing the torture of muggleborns." For a moment there was silence, as everyone digested this, when huge clamour rose in the room, people shouting, anger filling the room and uncontrolled magic crackling through the air. A loud bang silenced all of the noise. Dumbledore stood with his wand outstretched, smoke curling from the tip. "They can't do that!" Sirius broke in, "That's, it's, fucking..." "Insane. That's what it is." Remus finished for him. "But it's exactly what the Death Eater would do. Now they can imprison any Muggleborns, as long as they say the defiled magical traditions," He swallowed nervously. "Once they are taken away, there is no stopping the Death Eaters from killing them, and writing it off as an accident." Arthur nodded to Remus's observation, then spoke. "The torture laws, I believe, will begin in the next month. That is all the information I have for now." McGonagall rose from her seat as Arthur exited the platform. "A student was attacked at Hogwarts. A muggle-born, 6th year." Her lips pursed, as she paused, "a Gryffindor. We...were too late. The spells used against her were Dark Magic. They mutilated her, the poor girl, fingers degloved, mudblood carved into her face and chest, wounds like I have never seen" Her eyes began to water, but she quickly composed herself. "What was her name?" Alice Longbottom glanced up, eyes glassy with tears. Her hand trembled as she clenched her wand. "Hermione Granger." It seemed painful for her to speak the words. They sat silently for a moment, remembering a girl few of them had actually met. "This is the third extreme muggle-born attack this month." A young Hufflepuff said, eyes wide beneath her glasses. "Do we have any idea who did it?" Her voice sounded desperate, hoping for some good news. McGonagall shook her head. "It was probably one of those dirty Death Eater Slytherins." Sirius spat out. "If you keep following those prejudices, boy, you will be dead before you step into battle." Mad-Eye Moody growled from the corner. "Anyone could be a enemy. Constant Vigilance!" His eye spun wildly in its socket as he looked around the room. Lily wasn't listening, though. She could feel Dumbledore's eyes on her, she knew what was coming next. She was beyond terrified of it, she wished she had never found it. But it was too late now. A soft voice spoke out. "What are we going to do?" Dumbledore spoke, eyes twinkling. "To answer your question, Ms. Smithson, I believe that Mrs. Potter has found a way to help us." All eyes turned to her. Damn you, Dumbledore! she yelled in her head, as she shakily walked to the front of the room. He could've at least introduced the idea before Lily herself got up there. She cleared her throat, and began to speak. "Whilst looking through some ancient scrolls four months ago, I found something….strange. It was a ritual, but one unlike any I have seen before. With Albus' help, we were able to translate it. What we found…" She paused for a moment. "It was used to summon a hero, one from another world." Mutters started to spread across the room. "The hero that they summoned would be able to defeat their greatest enemy, because they had once done it before." "Wait, are you saying that this ritual-thing will bring someone who has already fought Voldemort, and won, to our world? How does that even work?" Sirius commented disbelievingly, yet there was also a tinge of excitement in his voice. "I, honestly I'm not quite positive myself. I have gotten all of the ingredients and spells we need, so all we need to do is vote." She kept her face passive, but her heart jumped as she said the last few words. "Since Dumbledore and I found this spell, we will not be participating in the vote." A deep breath in, and out. "How do we know that this will work?" It was Alice Longbottom who spoke. "What if they defeated Voldemort because they were more evil than him! We could be bringing an even worse dark lord to this world." Her voice was icy as she ended the sentence, blue eyes staring intensely at Lily. "What else can we do!" Sirius exclaimed. "There have been too many deaths, and we can't stop it. I say, we bring this person. If they are evil, well," He paused, narrowing his eyes, "Then we can kill them." "Well then," Dumbledore broke in, "Shall we begin. Raise your with a red light if you wish to complete the ritual, or a blue light, if you are against it." He stepped backwards slightly, and Lily stood still, staring across the room. It started slowly, the lights going up, the more and more rose until every wand was lifted toward the ceiling. The answer was clear, and Lily knew what was chosen even without counting. There was no going back now.