to Draco that he had not noticed them before. He was equally detached and involved in this series of events that made up the fight. War is strange. How can I be so far removed from something so atrocious sitting at my feet? How did I run across the dead without a second thought? Draco ran back to his best friend and the girl, avoiding a few fallen schoolmates, to see what or whom they had tripped over. Daphne Greengrass, Astoria's older sister, lay face up, eyes wide, staring at nothing. Astoria's already petite frame seemed to shrink even smaller as she crumbled in grief to cover her sister's cold body with her own, willing her to breathe. Daphne would not breathe; she had long since passed. Draco was aware they would be joining her soon if they did not get out of the middle of the exposed field to some kind of cover. He grabbed the blonde firmly by the upper arms, and attempted to haul her sobbing form away. Astoria was wrought with despair, and clutched her sister's face and hair tightly. Theo unclenched each of her fingers, one by one, and Draco scooped her legs into his arms to carry her away, barely missing the club of a giant as it came barreling towards them through the air. They ran towards the Herbology greenhouses till their muscles ached and their chests burned. As they neared the buildings, the group began to slow, taking a moment to catch their breaths. They needed to regain their composure if they were to get out of this alive. Astoria slid out of Draco's fatiguing arms in a heap, still in sight of anyone who remained on the grounds. She began to rock back and forth, with her arms holding her legs close to her chest, and eyes wide with shock, tears pouring heavily from them; she made no move to wipe them away. "Shhhh, do you hear that?" Draco threw his arm out, immediately halting the other two as they strained their ears for any sound. Theo bent down and scooped up Astoria with one arm supporting her knees and the other her back, and they quietly approached the shadows of the building closest to them. From the edge of the Compost Shed, they could hear a dark, gravelly voice speak, "Oh, this one is so pretty. She reminds me of someone though, the dark hair and upturned nose." "Don't fucking touch me, you piece of shit!" the girl spat out. "That's Pansy," Blaise unnecessarily whispered into Draco's ear. They listened as a new voice spoke. "That's because she is Parkinson's daughter." "Oh, what fun you will be then. I expect I will not be the only one to enjoy teaching you a thing or two about what it takes for slags like you to serve the Dark Lord. What your precious daddy doesn't know, he can't stop. Incarcerous! " They stood and listened as Pansy's voice became strangled. She couldn't speak due to the ropes that now were holding her captive, but she was trying like hell. "We have to do something!" Astoria urged, the panic gone, and a new light in her eyes as she wiggled for Theo to set her down. "But what?" Draco asked, anxiety clear in his voice. Theo stepped forward and grabbed Draco's upper arms in both his hands. "When I step out, I will blast him backwards. You cast a shield around me, and then I will take the other one down." Draco looked back at Theo, and shook his head. "Theo, I don't even have a wand, and you don't how many there are. What if you hit Pansy?" "Trust me, mate," Theo said, pulling an unknown wand from his pocket and shoving it at Draco's chest. "We don't really have any other choices at this point." Theo stepped from the shadows before Draco could even argue or think of whose wand he now felt tingling in his palm. He heard Theo shout, " Petrificus Totalus," not knowing if the spell made contact or not. They watched as Theo ducked, barely missing a purple light aimed right where he had been, and Draco wasted no time in casting a Shield Charm around him. A new curse rebounded towards the caster of the purple spell. Theo aimed his wand and cast a spell that must have taken the remaining man down, because he looked at the three in the shadows and declared, "Geez Draco, you could've been a bit quicker with that Shield Charm. It's a wonder they didn't choose me for the Quidditch team." Draco rolled his eyes, while Blaise and Astoria tore off around the edge of the shed to get to Pansy. "What do we do now?" Draco turned to Theo. "Let's just get into the shadows of the Forest and Apparate somewhere. The wards are down, we can leave." "But what about the girls?" Draco asked. "What do you mean, 'what about the girls'? Draco, we can't leave them. Astoria is hurt, and Pansy was almost raped. They come with us." Draco looked like he was about to argue, but there was no time as their conversation was blown apart by an intensely hot fire. They immediately ran the remaining distance to the Forest. Hidden from view in the treeline, they watched the ignited Greenhouse disintegrate just before it exploded. "Just go to the hills south of the Manor where we used to fly. GO NOW!" Draco screamed over the sound of the explosion. He watched as Theo Disapparated with Astoria, and Blaise with Pansy. Before raising his borrowed wand, he glanced back towards the castle; he was met with the haunting image of Hogwarts ablaze. A/N: Please note, some of dialogue in this chapter is stripped straight from Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows itself during the Final Battle. We do not claim those words, but we do claim the look from a different character's POV. Hope you enjoyed!