a defiance, a step to release Lucius from the wizard's grasp. His wayward son would not come sobbing and begging for forgiveness for besmirching the family name, as the old man expected. Lucius had been glad to avoid the confrontation, but he was hesitant to break of his only family connection completely. Riddle would have to take care of that. Lucius could not be allowed to have loyalties to anyone other than him. "Could I think about it for a while, master?" Lucius looked at him apologetically. "Do you understand how much of a privilege I am offering you?" "Yes!" Lucius stopped, turned, clung to the front of Riddle's robes, his eyes wide and earnest. "I know, my lord, I am so grateful. Please, give me a bit more time." Riddle gave him a long, calculated look. "If you wish." He gently brushed Lucius' hands off himself and continued walking. He could feel the silence pressuring Lucius better than any threat he could make. Of course, he could just order Lucius to come with him, he could even put the boy in a full-body bind and throw him in his luggage, but making him choose was far more effective. Lucius was a long-term investment, and keeping the balance of fear and adoration was essential. Lucius would need to stew a bit longer than this, he knew. He scanned the grounds of the Rosier estate and headed for the woodlands. Lucius remained quiet all through their walk, as Riddle led him deeper and deeper into the woods. Was the boy frightened yet? He ought to be, if he had any brains at all. They stopped in the perfect clearing. Riddle threw out a hand for Lucius to stop at the edge, and he paced around it, checking the size and the debris on the forest ground. This would be an excellent place to conduct his ritual. Riddle turned around. Lucius stood where he had put him, watching him anxiously. "You're wondering why we're here, are you not?" Lucius nodded. "I intend to conduct a ritual," Riddle said. "One that will require a human sacrifice." Lucius flinched, and his eyes widened with terror. He turned to look back at the way they had come, as if he could not help himself, registering how far from the house they had now come. Riddle felt the dark amusement curl in his gut, pooling into arousal. "Come here." Lucius walked towards him, with every step trembling more pronouncedly. When he was a pace away Riddle tugged him in, pulling the smaller boy flush against him, and smoothed his hands down the back of the boy's robes to cup his arse. "Strip," he whispered. "Master," Lucius whimpered, shaking in his arms. "Don't question me. Just obey." So lovely. Riddle watched with dark eyes as Lucius fumbled with his robes. He had not been able to make Lucius so afraid since the beginning of their little affair. He enjoyed this recreation, though that had not been his original intention. It was intoxicating. Once Lucius had dropped all his clothes to the ground, Riddle made him kneel on top of them and spread his arse open with his hands. The end of the butt plug protruded from between Lucius' cheeks, and Riddle caught hold of it, dropping to one knee, slowly pushing it in and out, watching fascinated as Lucius' hole stretched wide around the toy. Though he had not considered fucking boys before Lucius, he now found it quite preferable. It was neater, tighter, and Lucius did not require much coddling at all. He did not undress but to release his cock from his robes, and replaced the plug with its blunt tip, his hands wrapped around Lucius' narrow hips as he rolled him down onto his cock again and again. He didn't speak, and Lucius was quieter than usual, no words, just soft gasps and occasional whimpers as he rocked into him. As he began fucking him harder, it occurred to Riddle to reach a hand around to fondle Lucius' cock. He found the boy completely flaccid. Withdrawing his hand, he pounded into the boy at an increasingly brutal pace until he came. "Get dressed," Riddle said, the first words spoken in the clearing for at least half an hour. Lucius flinched, then sat back on his heels and looked up at him. Riddle gave him an impatient look, and started walking towards the edge of the clearing as soon as Lucius started to do as he said. Lucius caught up with him a minute later, out of breath. Riddle slowed his gait. "You thought I was going to kill you." He kept any hint of his amusement from his voice. His tone was flat and factual. Lucius glanced at him and down again. "I - um. A little." "Did you not recall that I had just been asking you to accompany me around the world?" "I'm sorry, master." "That's not an answer." "Well - I thought, maybe you would kill me if I refused." "How would that achieve my end?" "I'm sorry, master." Lucius sounded so guilty. As if it was his fault Riddle had led him into an abandoned clearing and then said he needed a human sacrifice. Already he was taking the blame on himself for misunderstanding, even though he thought he was going to be murdered, and had been terrified of his impending death the whole time Riddle was fucking him. People were so endlessly amusing. "Try not to be so stupid, Lucius. You know I expect more of you." "Yes, master." There was an interlude of silence as they cleared the woodland and the house was within sight. "Master?" "Yes?" "I'll come with you after you graduate. Thank you. It's a great honour." Riddle finally allowed himself the self-satisfied smile that had been dying to burst through. He aimed it at Lucius, and the boy thought he was proud of him. "Good. You can start by accompanying me to London tomorrow."