wanted to talk to me." Dumbledore said Phoenix nodded "The school is wonderful the people well I don't like socializing but it's something I can handle. And yes I found my Soulmates earlier today on the train. I will need their parents informed about this as well as the consequences if the mating isn't done when I'm sixteen." He said of course he sounded older than his actual age but he had to grow up quickly to be head of his clan. Dumbledore nodded "who are they and we can get their parents her by this weekend?" He asked Phoenix smiled a soft smiled "Fred and George Weasley. Sir my I got to bed now it has been a long day and we have classes tomorrow." He said professor McGonagall took over "Of course dear I will show you to your room." She said while Dumbledore nodded "Get some rest we will have the Weasley family here this weekend" he said as McGonagall escorted him to the Gryffindor tower the portrait of the fat lady asked " Password please." McGonagall spoke. "Lion's heart." the portrait opened and she escorted him inside taking him up to the floor in-between the fourth years and fifth years the floor where mated pairing stay. She escorted him to the far end of the hall where a portrait of a mermaid was the mermaid spoke "Password can be inserted now til the end of the year, what password do you choose?" She said. Phoenix looked at McGonagall as she nodded "Heart of the ocean." he said the mermaid nodded and set the password opening up to reveal a suite. It had its own bathroom with a bath like the prefects bath. The bed was a king size bed it had a living and a dining area as well as a kitchen. It was decorated with Gryffindor's color scheme. Phoenix was in awe McGonagall spoke "This will be your room til you graduate. This floor is for mated pairs but your condition calls for a private room so this is yours. This is the biggest room on this floor use it well you can at anytime have up to two roommates once you and your mate's get use to each other. I will leave you here your stuff is already in your room good night Phoenix have a wonderful year." she said leaving the portrait closed behind her. Phoenix went and unpacked his stuff before heading to bed. The next day he woke up early got dressed and headed to the great Hall, With Fred and George who were waiting for him in the common room. Phoenix sat down beside them once in the great Hall and started to talk to them. "So I informed the headmaster about our discovery. He will be bringing your parents this weekend." He said "it had to be this soon because it's a delicate process to court each other and all." He added they merely nodded "this weekend won't be a good one."Fred said "not a good one at all. Mom will go ballistic wanting to know more." George said. "So how does this process work?" they asked. Phoenix smiled "well first of all since I'm only eleven no matter how I act. I'm still eleven so it will be courting we get to know each other phase. When I turn fourteen it will go into the dating phase. And at sixteen it will go into the bonding phase." he explained. "Sirius will want to meet you and your parents so this weekend will be that. Sirius is tough on the no boyfriends thing. So he will lecture you about touching me in anyway. But that's to be expected." He said Fred nodded while George ate a piece of bacon. Phoenix pulled out his wand a Aspen wood Dragon heartstring core, 12 ½' slightly springy. He pulled other things out before fixing everything and went on his way to his class. First class transfiguration with professor McGonagall. He had gotten the turning a animal into a water goblet on his first try. He was praise but he didn't see why it wasn't hard. Phoenix sighed softly deciding to try and turn water into rum. So his day went the same him getting it on his first try. Potions was different professor Snape didn't like Gryffindor's so he was picked down by him and we'll let's just say Snape will think twice before trying to blame him again. The first option was easy when he beat the shit out of the Slytherins for trying to mess his potion up. They learned quickly he wasn't someone to fuck with. ~Time skip~ The meeting with the Weasley's went well. Mrs. Weasley wasn't someone he would mess with just like his mother. She reminded him of her, so he respected her. He wondered if he would be able to make more friends. He met Charlie who is in his last year. Charlie was cool but not the type to piss off. Phoenix had made it his mission to know all about quidditch and healing so he can help his boys. He actually became a minor couch with his quick thinking. It has been three months since the beginning of school Halloween came and passed. Thanksgiving was right around the corner. He didn't have anything planned but for Christmas the Weasley's are coming over to his home with Sirius. His condition had made its way around the castle so him being a hermaphrodite wasn't a secret anymore and his breeding status got around. He was pissed at that but he couldn't do anything about it his curse protects him so he was good there. He was now not allowed to be alone Charlie, Oliver, and the twins take turns escorting him everywhere. A/N: let me know how I did with this first part the next part will be Christmas I will be trying my best to keep it to the books just with a OC