brothers went inside. "Anything," Draco smiled, never one to deny his only daughter. "You have to bring me back something." "What would you like?" "A sister," she said before calmly walking into the family shop. "I don't think our daughter fully grasps the concept of where babies come from," Harry said as he and Draco walked into their room at the Leaky Cauldron. "I think she understands it enough," Draco said as he and Harry pulled off their robes. "She's a very clever little girl. I bet she's been wanting to ask us this for a while now and realised that this was her best chance. She must have known that we wouldn't let her come with us." "Are you saying that Lily played on our guilt about leaving her so she could trick us into giving her a sister? That's so manipulative of her," Harry said in shock. "I know," the blonde smirked in pride. "How about we start on making that little girl tonight?" Draco said as he slipped his arms around Harry's waist. "You're not actually taking her seriously, are you?" Harry gasped as he pulled away. "I gave her my word," Draco said as he pulled Harry closer to him, "and Malfoy's never go back on their word," he said before leaning forward and trailing kisses down Harry's neck. "But you didn't even know what she wanted," Harry panted before moaning at a particularly satisfying nibble Draco made along Harry's neck. "It doesn't matter," the blonde said nonchalantly as he worked Harry up into a bumbling mess. "The deal has been struck." "Wait, wait!" Harry insisted as he pulled completely out of Draco's reach. "What we're talking about needs a little more consideration than just a little girl's whim. Do you actually want another child?" "I must admit. The thought has crossed my mind before," the blonde confessed before continuing at Harry's shocked expression. "I know I said that we should stop after Lily was born, but I miss the sounds of little feet running around the house. I miss the giggling… the way their little fingers would reach up for you…" "You do realise that's not all there is to raising a child." "I know, Harry. We did raise four children together." "So, you're willing to change diapers again, and stay up half the night for a child that cries for no apparent reason? You must also be willing to go through teething and the terrible twos again, as well as going without sex until I no longer feel like strangling you?" "To be honest, those were the exact reasons why I didn't want any more children, but when Lily first came to me-" "Wait, wait, wait," Harry interrupted in a rush of confusion. "When she first came to you? You mean she's asked you about this before?" "Yes," the blonde said hesitantly. "About a month ago," he confessed before continuing at Harry's shocked expression. "She just blurted it out one day and asked me why she's the only girl. When I explained it to her, she decided that she wanted a little sister." "Why didn't you tell me about this?" "Kingsley had just asked you to take over as Head Auror and you were stressing out about this conference… I didn't want to put you under any more pressure." "So you got our nine year old daughter to do it instead? Did you two plan this?" "Maybe…" Draco said hesitantly. "But it was all her idea. She knew that you wouldn't take her seriously so she asked me to help convince you." "I don't know who to be mad at more," Harry said, running his fingers through his hair as he turned from his husband. "You don't need to be mad at all," Draco said as he grasped Harry's shoulders. "Can you honestly tell me that you don't want another child?" "I never said that I didn't want another child. But I've had a whole fifteen minutes to actually consider it," he pointed out before turning back to face the blonde. "We might not even have a girl." "As long as you're happy, it doesn't matter what gender we have," Draco said as he pulled Harry closer to him. "To you maybe. But you've got Lily thinking that she'll get a sister. I doubt she'll be very pleased when I have another boy. Draco, you should have told me about this." "Sometimes, a secret needs to be kept in order to ease someone into an idea. Like how you didn't tell me about James and BJ's infatuation." "It's not an infatuation," Harry scoffed, proving Draco's suspicions. "It's just a little schoolboy crush," he finished before realising that he had been tricked. "James didn't tell you about that, did he?" "No. Lily did, but she left out the part about you already knowing." "Then how did you-" "He's too much like you not to tell you," Draco said at the guilty look on his husband's face. "Now, for lying to me about this, I demand retribution," he said with a false sternness in order to lighten the mood. "Let me guess," Harry rolled his eyes as he draped his arms over the blonde's shoulders. Unbeknownst to Harry and Draco, brown eyes simmering in hate, had been watching their family that entire morning. The woman who owned those brown eyes was sickened by what she had seen. The family that should have been hers was continuing to be tainted. But not for long. As she walked the streets of a deserted Diagon Alley, she pulled a small vial from within her robe and uncorked it. Then she tipped the molten gold liquid between her lips and waited for the effects. Slowly but surely, an exhilarating sense of infinite opportunity soared through her veins. She felt as though she could do anything. As she Apparated to her destination, she realized that getting everything she deserved would now fall easily within her grasp. End of Chapter: Family Matters