prick number 1,' Marlene whispered as we turned to face a boy with tanned skin, jet black hair which looked as though it was untameable and glasses that sat on is nose in front of hazel coloured eyes. 'What's what?' Mary asked coldly. 'That.' he drawled, pointing at me! I became extremely self-conscious all of a sudden and tugged at my plait as I looked at him. 'That is a girl,' Alice said calmly but there was a definite edge to her voice ' and her name is Lily. Got a problem with that?' His smirk definitely dropped a little because it was him against three livid looking females and then me as an after thought. Just when I thought he was going to lay off another boy joined him. This it seemed that this was egotistical prick number 2 judging by Marlene's change in stance and by the fact that Mary's hands had curled into fists. 'Oi James. I have to say I agree with your confusion because I though she was just a fire on legs until about two seconds ago...' No.1 and No.2 both smirked and a few people tittered. No. 2 winked at me however and there was something about his smile that made me think he wasn't insulting me and gave me hope that he wasn't as much of a prick as Marlene and Mary said he was. 'We are ready for you now.' I breathed a sigh of relief as Professor McGonagall came back into the room. It was lucky because I doubted there was a witty comeback available to retort and also I reckoned that if she had come one second later Mary and Marlene would have started beating the two boys up. Now that would have been an interesting first day. We, that is everyone on the chamber, followed McGonagall into the Great Hall. I immediately looked up to see the ceiling which was bewitched to look like the sky outside. I read about that in Hogwarts: A History which was a fascinating read. The older students watched us in hushed silence. We gathered around the front where McGonagall stood with a scroll of parchment in front of a stool with a rather tattered old hat. It reminded me of my own clothes and home as well. I was determined not to cry as I remembered home and blinked back tears. Everyone was now watching the hat expectantly so I did the same. What happened next I was not what I had expected. A rip near the brim of the hat opened like a mouth AND STARTED TO SING. Yes I know, mental right? It took me about the entirety of its speech/song to come to terms with the fact that there was a talking hat in front me and that I was not on drugs. I missed what the hat had said completely and only came out of my reverie when everyone started clapping. 'When I call out your name, you will sit on the stool and try on the hat.' Professor McGonagall instructed. 'Abbott, George' 'HUFFLEPUFF' bellowed the hat. 'Avery, Marcus' SLYTHERIN' 'Boot, Michael' 'RAVENCLAW' 'Black, Sirius' No.2, sorry, Sirius swaggered up to the stool and placed the hat on his head. The hat seemed to take a few moments to decide. 'GRYFFINDOR' Relief seemed to flicker across his face for a second but it was so fast I almost didn't see it. He swaggered over to the Gryffindor table and although they were all cheering many people seemed confused. Evidently Sirius Black was from a pureblood family as Alice and the others had described. She had said that most pureblood families all went to the same house. For example, all of Alice's family had all basically been in Gryffindor. 'Bulstrode, Aldric' 'SLYTHERIN' 'Clarke, Tom' 'HUFFLEPUFF' 'Evans, Lily' And that was the last thing I heard as the hat fell over my eyes and plunged the world into darkness. 'Curious,' said a voice in my ear. Evidently, this was the hat speaking. 'you possess lots of intelligence. Barrels of it I see... Your loyal too and hmm... always seeking the best in others. Interesting. But there is something that overwhelms even your ready mind. Better be... GRYFFINDOR!' The hat screamed the last word for the whole hall to hear and my house table erupted in cheering. I smiled contentedly and sat down turning to watch the rest of my year group get sorted. A while later when all the students were fed and watered the Gryffindor prefects signalled for us first years to follow them. Marlene, Mary and Alice were also my fellow Gryffindor girls which was great. No.1 and 2 (James Potter and Sirius Black) were also sadly in Gryffindor but as Alice said you couldn't have everything in life. We followed the prefects too tired to talk or in my case remembering the way so that I wouldn't get lost in the morning. We went up to our respective dormitories boys up one staircase and girls up the other. The girls and I got ready for bed and collapsed into our beds, said goodnight and closed the hangings around our four poster beds. the other fell asleep quickly but I lay awake thinking. Today had had its merits but I wished that Sev had been put in Gryffindor with me. We had always planned to travel on the train together, sit in the boats together, be put in the same house together and spend our time at Hogwarts together. My last comforting thought before I drifted into my uneasy sleep was that Sev and I were best friends and we had promised each other that we always would be. Being in different houses I was determined would not effect our friendship. Thanks for reading! This is just the first chapter so I hope you liked it. Should I go into depth about all of Lily's school years or skim over them until about 5 th year? Please review!