moving onto Nate. Natalia walked over to they younger triplets. "Bye guys." "Oi! Were not all males here Nat!" Nika told her. "Love ya too sis!" Natalia called love her shoulder as she went over to stand with Scorpius and Lyra. Nat rolled her eyes. "I hate this stuff. It's all fake. They don't actually care." "Merlin, I know." Lyra responded before rolling her eyes as well. "They probably think our families are crazy." Scorpius said, gesturing to the many photographers and journalists around them. "I know right? I mean, two sets of twins and two sets of triplets, all of them telepaths. Something is sooo wrong with our genetics." Nicoletta announced walking over. They all burst out laughing. "Ready to escape to freedom?" Nate asked as he appeared by her side. "Do you even need to ask that question?" Natalia questioned. "Lets just go already." Scorpius sighed as they made their way onto the train as a sharp sound whipped through the air along with the ringing of a bell. They climbed aboard and ceased talking as people stared at them. "Merlins Bollocks. Why do we have to be part veela again?" Nicoletta grumbled in their heads as they walked down the aisle. "Apparently to get you married off, well anyway I bet ten sickles thats what Father thinks." Nate replied. "Oi! I ain't a animal!" Natalia cried out. "Well, aren't you piece of work." Nate commented dryly. "Nate! That wasn't even a good pun!" Nicoletta whined. "Why else would I use it?" Natalia and Nicoletta whacked him in the head at the same time. "Hey! That one hurt!" "Do I need to whack anymore sense into you?" Natalia asked him as she adjusted her bag. "Oi! You three! Quite talking! And help me find a room!" Scorpius told them. "We weren't talking!" Natalia protested. "Yah! We were sending thoughts!" Nicoletta added. A couple people who had bee staring looked at hem weirdly. "Like that is any different?" Lyra pointed out. "Do I need to list them for you?" Natalia asked sweetly. "As much as I loove to hear you five argue about the difference between talking aloud and being telepathic can you please move out of the aisle and into the empty compartment?" Noel asked them from behind. "You know Nott, it would be easier to just hex them." A voice drawled behind the Nott's and Malfoy's. Nolan sighed rather loudly. "Shove off Potter." He said as he turned around to face the boy. "I want to hear this, go ahead into the compartment, I will be right in." Natalia told Nicoletta and Nate. "You owe us the details." Nicoletta threatened as she stepped inside. Nate tapped Scor on the shoulder and whispered something. Scor turned and stared at Lyra for a moment before stepping inside, Lyra joining Natalia against the wall. "You know Nott, it must be weird to have so many identical people in your family. I mean like, you guys breed like rabbits." Nolan's face remained impassive but Natalia saw his ear twitch, his tell tale of being angry. She decided it was time to step in. "You know Potter, that's interesting coming from somebody related to the Weasley's." She paused, imitating his drawl. "I mean like, you guys make up half the school's population." She smirked as he turned his attention to her. She leaned against the wall casually, examining her finger nails. After being to so many christmas dinners with the Malfoy's, Zabini's, Rosier, Parkinson, Rowley's and Greengrasses, she had become quite good at comebacks. She felt Potter appraise her for a moment before speaking. "And I suppose you are?" "Natalia Alpha Nott. And yourself?" She raised an eyebrow at him. He was dressed casually, HolyHead Harpies shirt and black shorts. "You don't know me?" He seemed surprised. "Of course I don't. Have I ever met you before," she snorted, "no. Why?" She answered her own question. "Because I have no interest in meeting a stuck up brat." "Well, I am James Sirius Potter." He said proudly as if he had won the Quidditch Cup. "Well, I am afraid I cannot 'pleased'," she put air quotes around the word, "to make your acquaintance." "As I am most certainly not pleased to meet another rabbit Nott," he paused and looked at Lyra. "or two." "Actually," Lyra looked at him. "I am Lyra Malfoy, Natalia's cousin." "So a Malfoy than." James sneered. "How disgusting." "Says the person who smells like they haven't showered in a month and rolled in pig slop." Noel countered. "Notice how I smell do you? You must be another fan." Before anybody could react the Natalia drew her wand. James was the first to notice it. "You think you can duel me?" Natalia shut her eyes for the briefest moment before opening them. They were pure gold. She looked him dead on in the eye. She watched him tremble as Nicoletta, Nate and Scorpius all came out of the compartment. All of their eyes flashed gold. "Your standing on dangerous ground Potter." Noel threatened. The moment she had seen Natalia's eyes she had thrown up shields over everybody except Potter. "You think making your eyes gold is dangerous?" James taunted. The crowd that had gathered let out a loud gasp as Natalia darted forward, her wand whipping like lightening. To other crowds surprise, a single spell was cast from the black and white wand. The spells hit James and he collapsed to the ground before slowly getting back up. Natalia and her family stood before him, her golden eyes slowly faded back down to dark blue as did everybody else's. "Think twice before you cross us Potter. We are not to be taken lightly." She said softly before marching back into compartment, her friends following. The first person to break the silence was Nolan. "You know, I think she took more after Grandma Ivanov rather than Grandma Nott." "Agreed." Noel said before walking down the aisle, off to find her friends.