the first time I've come in months, please I can't, it's too much I need you please" She moaned and whined as she pressed her half naked body against his. He growled deep from hearing that his own Gryffindor Princess had been touching herself and couldn't even make herself cum. Anger. desire, lust passion and possession fueled him into action. Hearing how tormented she sounded, the pain she must have felt at being unable to subdue or control the burning lust all because she was HIS mate. Using nonverbal magic, he turned the hard dirt covered ground into soft glowing moss as he had the trees tangles themselves together to prevent any intruders be it man or beast. Yanking his wanting mate down he placed her upon the soft moss and yanked his shirt and jeans off. Lying above her as he bent down and kissed her softly, trying to prepare her for what was too come, to make this special for her. Hermione wasn't having any of that. The orgasm he had given her was pure bliss and that was just with his tongue. The heat hadn't subsided but returned tenfold after her orgasm. She appreciated he was trying to be sweet and caring to her needs but what she needed was him, in her NOW. Pulling him closer she pressed her body against his, sliding her legs open and around his waist making those soft wanting moans. Draco couldn't take it, her hands where all over his body, her body teasing and tormenting his sanity as she pressed it against his own. Grabbing both her wrists he pulled them up above her head, pinning them there. "You asked for this princess" He said as he lined up his throbbing cock at her still dripping wet entrance. Before she could respond Draco slammed into her with his entire 9 1/2 inches, breaking through her hymen pushing deeper into her. Her body convulsed as she came for a second time, her pussy clenching around Draco's cock had him unable to control himself as he spilled his seed into her. Draco groaned as he emptied himself into his little mate. Finally looking into her eyes he saw them glisten. "I'm so sorry princess, I didn't mean to h Hermione tossed her head side to side. "I felt no pain, only pleasure" she whispered "Then why the tears my love?" "I finally feel sane again, complete at being able to quench the thirst" Draco smiled wickedly " And what about my hunger? I haven't exactly finished with you yet kitten" Draco's still harden cock twitched inside her causing another gush of wetness. "It seems your thirst isn't quiet sated yet either?" He smirked readying himself to devour his Mate. Hermione woke up with a start trying to remember where she was. It was the platinum blonde hair and ripped clothing beside her that she remembered the events of earlier. She couldn't control the blush staining her checks as she relived ever delicious moment of it. What startled her was her body's immediate response to the memories. The heat flaring to life. Is this what it would always be like with him? Satisfied but not? Always wanting more. She then remembered the one thing Draco didn't do. He hadn't marked her yet. Why? Was he having second thoughts? Did he not want her as his mate? Was she not good enough for him? Did he still view her as a filthy mud blood? " Go back to sleep Princess, your giving me a headache with all that over thinking" Startled Hermione moved away grabbing her torn blouse to try and cover up her nudity as she eyed Draco who looked as if he was still sleeping. Not paying attention she yelped as he reached out with one arm and yanked her back down beside him. "Draco unhand me, let me go" she protested " No your mine" He mumbled in his sleepy voice Pulling away she huffed and said "I belong to no one!" This had Draco awake and sitting up leaning over her " Don't play games with me Hermione, your mine, I gave you the chance to walk away yesterday but you didn't " "Oh of course blame the mudblo Draco cut her off with a growl and a hand over her mouth " I don't ever want to hear the ugly foul word from your lips again Missy!" His silver mercurial eyes flashing gold and they bore into her own. " And I wasn't blaming you, you already agreed " "But you haven't" She bursted out then quickly shut her mouth and turned away not wanting to show the hurt etched on her face. Draco sat back confused, what the bloody hell did she mean he hadn't agreed. It then clicked. Of course his little bookworm would research her heart out about werewolves, she wasn't the brightest witch of her age for nothing. His silly little lioness. " Kitten look at me" She refused "Hermione" he growled The pull to him was too strong, the need and want to obey him kicked in. She turned and looked into his silver eyes and saw the mischievous smirk. " My ever bright silly princess, I am yours just as you are mine. I haven't mate marked you yet because I wanted to give you the freedom to choose, I wanted you to choose me not just because of this bond we have but well I wanted to do this the wizarding way, I was going to propose to you, marry you in front of all our family and friends and then when I sweep you away to our honeymoon then I would have marked you knowing you agreed to it 100%" Hermione's eyes watered. She was speechless, the thought tugged at her heart and soul. Forgetting her pride, she threw herself at him, her lips locking with his. Ok haven't decided if Ill add much more or tie it up nicely soon.