course. It would take his friends a long time to accept his newfound friendship with Draco, but eventually they would accept him. At least, he hoped they would. Ron lowered his gaze and slowly shook his head. "I'm disappointed in you, Harry. I thought you were different from Malfoy, even though a lot of things during the past five years have pointed towards you being a Slytherin in your soul, but obviously I was wrong. You're just like him." And with those words, Ron stalked out of the room. Harry stared after him, stunned. Whatever he had imagined Ron to say, this had been far from it. He happened upon Draco in the Entrance Hall. At first, he did not know if he should greet him or if he ought to keep his mouth shut, but Draco made the decision for him. "Hey, Harry. Did you get any sleep? You sure looked like you needed it yesterday …" "Morning, Draco," Harry said with a faint smile. "I told Ron about our lesson, and he freaked out on me. Which was expected, of course." "Sorry to hear that, mate. But he'll probably come around sooner or later. Care to walk me to breakfast?" he joked, and nodded towards the big doors to the Great Hall. A small group of Hufflepuffs studied them with obvious suspicion. Harry just smiled. "Certainly," he said. The Great Hall pretty much fell silent when they entered together, and everyone was looking at them as if they could not believe their eyes. "Whoa, could you imagine?" Draco commented. "Not really, no. But I guess this is what we'll have to take for a few weeks. Maybe even hatred." "Are you willing to risk that? To risk your friendship with Weasley and Granger?" "Yes, because I believe you're a good person, Draco." Draco smiled with gratitude. "Thanks, Harry. No-one's ever thought that of me before. I'm actually glad I caught you outside the Room of Requirement now. If I hadn't, I probably never would have learnt about your teaching." He went to take a seat at the Slytherin table. Almost immediately, his classmates moved away from him. By befriending Harry Potter, Draco had made himself an outcast in his own house, but it did not seem to bother him much. He simply waved at Harry and grinned with amusement. Harry shrugged and took a seat at his own table. Ron ignored him, but Hermione looked at him with caution. Harry guessed that Ron had told her about his nightly meeting with Malfoy and that she wanted to ask him a hundred questions about it, but she did not seem to have the courage to do so. "Morning," he said, and started to wolf down his scrambled eggs. "Mo-morning," Hermione replied in the same shivery tone of voice that she had used when she'd tried to say Voldemort's name for the first time. Harry shrugged again and continued to eat his breakfast. He was starving ! For the next couple of weeks, he and Draco met every night to heighten Draco's defence against curses, and for each lesson, Harry liked him more. It suddenly became obvious that Draco's harsh exterior had only been an act to protect himself from his housemates and his parents. Sure, for a long time he had thought that the dark way was the right way, but ever since the Triwizard Tournament and Cedric's unfortunate death, he had started to question the destiny that his father had decided for him. Was it really right to use magic simply for shady purposes and personal gain, just to gain power? That did not matter to Draco anymore, and Harry was glad to find that his teaching not only turned Draco into a great wizard but also into a great person. On the night of their seventeenth meeting, they did not get much done; they just sat on the huge cushions on the floor, talking and laughing. It was amazing how quickly they had become such close friends, but it gave Harry a very warm and pleasant feeling in the pit of his stomach. He was actually getting happy again, and his dreams had subsided because he was more relaxed nowadays. Snape's Occlumency lessons had got easier to get through now that he had Draco for a mate, and he could actually manage the technique quite well now. He intended to keep up his good work and teach Draco how to master Occlumency later on. When the clock had passed four in the morning and they were both getting tired and sore in the eyes and it was time to say goodnight, neither of them wanted to leave. "I'm having a great time," Draco told him with a mild smile on his face. "So am I," Harry agreed. "I don't want to leave …" For a second or two, there was a strange, yet familiar glint in Draco's grey eyes, and Harry got the feeling that something crucial was about to happen. He did not register that Draco was slowly and discreetly moving closer to him; suddenly he was just aware of Draco's face being utterly close to his own. But that did not bother him. It did not bother him at all. He was quite okay with him being so close. Then, out of the blue, Draco kissed him. A/N: The progress on upcoming chapters can always be found on my profile under "WIPs." Twitter: HaadogeiPipe. Also, if you read through this story and end up wanting more, don't miss the Bonus Features to this story! X3 Check out The Manners of the Cold Manor (in which we get to follow Draco as he goes back to the Malfoy Manor to tell his father about his new love, Harry Potter) and Snappin' at Snape (in which we learn the truth about how Piper managed to become friends with Snape, and also get to see the "actual" first time Draco met Harry. ;) -hehe-) Revised and updated 12-20-2015