had to lie. I had to stand there and feel utterly helpless and realise..." He looked at her with all the intent he could muster, hoping to convey that he was speaking the truth. To show her how in turmoil he had really been in. "I realised I cared Granger. I cared if you died, I cared that you was hurt… that you were hurting. I cared. I cared if you lived or died, I cared and still do care if you are okay." She had lived that night so often in her dreams that it made her sick. Her arm was always feeling dull and painful when she first awoke, but it was his eyes that haunted her. The questions in which they sparked as they stared at her, longing for her. She put it down to just fear or wishing for her just to surrender, but hearing his thoughts and seeing the conflict of pain on his cheeks; she almost felt like she understood, even if she didn't want too. "I don't hate you," she whispered as he looked up at her wide-eyed. She didn't, she realised in that very moment, although a part of her wondered why she didn't. She opted instead to ignore that part, the darker part of her and chose to continue to step into the light, the future and not the past. "Do not be so surprised that a Mud —" "— Don't!" he tensed as he interrupted her. His lip curling at the word, visibly flinching into himself as if she had burned him or caused his insides to twirl inside of him. "Don't use… that word. Don't call yourself that ever!" Her mouth opening to speak but he silenced her with a look as he added, "just don't, okay? Never use that word, never." Hermione watched him, his eyes darting around the floor as if purposely avoiding hers and trying to find a safe place to rest his sight on. Her fingers moved to her hand, pinching the skin to ensure she wasn't dreaming. She remembered the written letter she had received, his apology, the words of his allegiance that she had put down as lies and thrown into the fire at the Weasleys. She had been so sure that he couldn't change, wouldn't… but it was hard to deny now that she saw him as he was. A broken soul that was just figuring out how to live with themselves. "— I have a heart," she continued as he nodded, avoiding her eyes entirely. "I don't blame you. You were just trying to survive." The words at the end of the letter returning to her mind, I know you'll blame me forever, I blame myself too. For all of this, a smile creeping in the corner of her lips. His face paling as she nodded slightly to give more meaning to her words and make them seem true. Knowing that a nod would do little but it was all she could offer. "I appreciated your letter; it must have taken you a lot to write it," her feet shuffling to adjust the weight from standing for so long. Phrases from it flashing through her mind, I wish I had been brave and what you did for my mother means so much that I am in your debt. Things that are so unexpected from him, things that are so out of this world, she almost felt like she was dreaming. Hermione remembered when he handed her a goblet of pumpkin juice when she had helped rebuild the east side of the castle. The two of them not speaking, the two not sharing any looks or acknowledgement until then. "I want to believe you've changed," his hand moving to rub his knee as she watched him. "I just…" I need time; she wanted to say. "You don't have to explain yourself, Granger," he whispered softly, his eyes meeting hers as she noticed how dull they looked now. The same as they had done when she found him in the Potions classroom, sat staring blankly at the board as if he was waiting for their old professor to sweep in with his long, greasy hair. Draco Malfoy looked like he had been broken just as much as some of the other victims, more so right now as he stood before her. "Leopards and spots," he added with a small smile before rising to his feet. "I should check my room, make sure that my mother sent over my things." Her mouth was parting as she watched him walk away, his shoulders sunken as he crossed the room quickly. Hermione found the door with his name on before he did, watching as he took them all in before gently opening the door in front of him. "I can do a truce," Hermione called out as he paused in the doorway, her heart stopping in her chest as he raised his head but not turning to look at her. "Okay." That was all he said, the sound of his door closing making her jump. Her hand moved up to her chest, the feel of her beating heart against her hand and she sunk into the armchair beside her. Draco Malfoy had just quoted a muggle phrase, and he had used it correctly, she was more than a little shocked at that. Hermione found that she was equally as shocked with how different he seemed, not knowing if she could handle the newly non-pompous Slytherin. She wasn't sure she had it in herself to deal with this new version of him because she had been prepared for arrogance and obnoxious remarks the moment her eyes met his. But this, it was like completing a level on one of her old consoles as a child and then coming up against a new boss she had no clue to beat. She felt lost and for the first time ever, she missed the world she had once known. xox