acting up. But she didn't do anything...and she didn't know why. Both girls explained what happened and Professor Snape punished them by confiscating their wands and giving them detention. As they were exiting the classroom, Astoria dropped to the floor and started coughing up blood. Astoria has never coughed up blood before. She stared at her hands in shocked, not sure what was happening. She started coughing uncontrollably as Daphne held onto her tightly while shouting at Professor Snape to do something. The last thing Astoria heard before everything went dark was her sister's voice calling for her to not close her eyes. Astoria gain consciousness in the Hogwarts Hospital Wing. She hears Madam Pomfrey talking to four figures standing by her bed. She recognized two of them as Daphne and Professor Snape and eventually recognized the other two were her parents. Turns out the fight she and Daphne had taken a toll on her body. Growing up with the family curse, Astoria was used to not being able to partake in activities that exert a lot of force on her body. "I'm afraid very soon her blood malediction will just take over her body as she grows older. To be honest with you Mr. and Mrs. Greengrass, I don't know if she'll live until old age and with no cure at the moment...," said Madam Pomfrey. "This is hardly any news. Other healers and Mediwizards we brought her to said the same thing," Giselle responded solemnly. "She'll be stable soon. She lost a lot of blood but she'll feel better in a few weeks or so," Madam Pomfrey added. "Thank you for your help," Hyperion replied. As soon as the Madam Pomfrey discharged her, her parents brought her home to recover further. The recovery took more than a week. In fact, it's almost a month already. She hated being trapped in her manor where she is being watched all the time. By this time, everyone in school got a hold of the big Greengrass sisters brawl with Daphne having the face the music the most. Daphne heard a lot of rumors about their fight but one she wasn't fond of was that she intended to kill her own sister. Yes, she was furious at her sister did to her, but she never wanted to kill Astoria. However, she did feel responsible for the outcome to Astoria. "So is your sister not coming to school anymore, Daphne?" Tracey Davis asked. "She's still recovering at our home," Daphne replied absentmindedly. No one knew about Astoria's curse with the blood malediction. Her mother thinks that it might jeopardize Astoria's chances of ever being courted when she's an adult. No parent wants their child to marry a sick, fragile person. "Your sister sounds weak. There wasn't even bloodshed," Pansy Parkinson commented. "Maybe she's just ashamed," Tracey suggested. "What do you expect from a muggle-lover ?" All of the people Daphne referred to as friends laughed at Tracey's remark. She had to stop herself from hexing them for making such accusations and calling her sister weak. Even though she had her problems with Astoria, they were first and foremost sisters. Sure, they have this silent competition going on but Daphne deeply cares for Astoria and would die before she lets anything happen to her. Still, she felt guilty for not writing to her at all since she was sent home. "Do the two of you ever plan what you say before you do?" Daphne asked. "One day it might get you in trouble." Pansy raised her eyebrows, "What's your deal, Daph? Upset because your Mama and Papa told you to stop being slutty?" "Well at least I'm not so desperate as to pin over one arsehole who hardly have any interest in me," Daphne spatted back. "Careful, D. Or else," Pansy warned her. "Or else what? The last time I remember, it is not your father who's a diplomat. Just one simple letter and I can expose your family's dirty little secrets to the Ministry and you, along with your family, will be thrown into Azkaban in matter of seconds," Daphne threatened her. "Never call my sister weak ever again." Seconds later, Draco joined their little gathering. "What are you guys talking about?" Draco asked as he took a seat next Blaise even though there was an empty space for him next to Pansy. "Little Greengrass," Blaise answered as he knew the atmosphere was still tensed with Daphne and Pansy. "Who?" "Daphne's little sister. She's a third year. The one who came back rather stunning after school break," Blaise replied again. "Careful, only worthy guys whom their parents approve can court after the Greengrass sisters. Am I right?" Pansy said as she looked at Daphne, giving her a knowing look about her relationship with Theodore Nott. "I didn't know you had a sister, Daphne," Draco commented as he leaned forward with interest. "Why have I not seen her before? Is she as fun as you?" he teased. "You two just don't cross paths," Daphne shrugged. "She's a Slytherin, Draco. I would expect the 'Prince of Slytherin' take more notice of his fellow housemates. On second thought, maybe you two shouldn't cross paths after all. You'll make her sick to her stomach." Daphne got up and left the room. She couldn't bear to hear anymore slander and comments regarding her sister. She was going to write to Astoria even if it's the last thing she does. Rivalry or not, she was going to apologize and ask how her sister is doing. Nothing good can come out of some petty sibling rivalry. She hears stories about how siblings sorted into Slytherin break apart easily like Andromeda Black and her sisters. The last thing she wants is for her and Astoria to be part of a cruel system. "What's her deal?" Draco scoffed as she saw Daphne walks away. "If this sister of hers is anything like her, maybe I don't want to meet her at all."