about?" Astoria demanded. "I'm in love you, Astoria!" Draco declared waving his arms furiously. He could see Astoria breathe in shocked at his statement and waited for him to continue. "But you deserve better! You deserve someone better than me. You deserve someone who will make you happy. I can't make you happy." Astoria tried to digest what he just revealed to her. "Well if you love me then why did you leave me like that then? If you love me, you wouldn't have left!" she argued. "I can't believe you are still in this self-loathing state. The war is over . It has been over for almost three years now. You should stop living in this bubble of yours and join us in the real world. Did you really expect yourself to live in self-hatred for the rest of your life?" she questioned him. "Of course not." "Then stop doing this to yourself!" she shouted at him. "You need to wake up and realize the fact that you deserve to be happy too, Draco. Even though you were a bad person in the past, I know deep in my heart that you are not that person anymore. You are trying your hardest to be the best person you could be and I see that and that is what I love about you. So, stop being stupid and start forgiving yourself." Draco stared at her in shock over what she just admitted to him. She said she loved him. Astoria was about to leave the library when Draco held onto her hand, not wanting her to go just yet. "Astoria," he called after her. "What?" Draco leaned in and kissed her passionately. He felt the tears that formed from her eyes as they were arguing with one another. He pulled back and wiped those tears and leaned in once again to kiss her. Astoria held on Draco's neck for support and things started to get steamy. Astoria pulled back to catch her breath and leaned her forehead with him. "You make me happy, Astoria," Draco confessed to her. "I want to make you happy too but I don't know if I can promise you that." Astoria moved her hand to Draco's cheek and made him look her in the eyes, " You make me happy," she admitted. "I feel like I can be happy forever as long as you're with me always. I can't imagine my life without you in it." "Do you really think I deserve to be happy after all that I've done?" he inquired. "Yes, definitely. Always," she replied honestly. "You're a good person now, Draco. Never doubt that for one second." "Did you really mean it when you said that you love me?" he asked again. "Yes." "And you will take me as I am?" "Only if you take me as I am. A sickly little Greengrass," she responded with hint of amusement. "Draco, I don't expect anything from you other than you promise that you would love me always and to never leave me." "I will never leave you," he promised her. "But I'm scared." "Scared of what?" "Of what's to come for us. People will start talking about us. I'm not even sure if your family would approve of me. I'm not sure that they will see me other than an ex-Death Eater," he explained. "I don't care. The only opinion I care about is yours," Astoria reassured him as caress his hair. "I'm scared too, you know." "About what?" "I want to be with you, but I don't know how long I can. I don't want to hurt you," she confessed to him. Draco grabbed her free hand and held it close to him chest. "Then I'll take my chances," he said bravely. "Because this is far better than not being with you period." Astoria beamed him with a smile and moved her hand towards his cheek again. "Can you please tell me again? That you love me?" he asked. She giggled quietly and looked at him in his grey eyes, "I love you, Draco Malfoy." "And I love you, Astoria Greengrass. Always. Forever. And I would never leave you." If 10 years ago, someone was to come to Astoria Greengrass and Draco Malfoy and tell them that they would be in each other's arms in an embrace declaring their love for one another, they wouldn't believe it. But there they were, looking into each other's eyes like two lovesick puppies not wanting the moment to end. They were each other's 'meant to be' and each other's soulmate. And if someone would to tell them that years after that, they would wed at the Greengrass Estate in the spring, and welcome their first son few years after they got married, they would think it's all just a joke. But there they were in Platform 9 ¾, bidding farewell to their son as he heads off to his first year at Hogwarts. Astoria leaned towards Draco as she waved to their son. She still had a hard time believing that she had a son. To think that she wouldn't be standing there if Daphne hadn't made open her heart, she wouldn't be with the man of her dreams. Draco held on to his wife's body closely and kissed her forehead. To think that he wouldn't be standing there, being the luckiest man in the world, if his mother hadn't forced him to attend some social event where he did meet the love of his life. It's funny how things fall into place when you open your heart and never give up fighting for what you want. Love doesn't come easy and not a lot of people experience the same kind of love. But if you wait for the right moment, it's magical. Sure, Draco and Astoria had to detour in dark places to get to where they are now, but the lessons they learn along the way made it all worth it. PLEASE REVIEW!