Harry Potter was a Parseltongue, and he had egged the snake on in attacking a fellow Hufflepuff. That was what she thought until a friend from Ravenclaw showed her the memories of a Parseltongue Speaker in India translate what Harry had said. " Leave him alone!" was what Harry had said. He had done the opposite of egging the snake on, and she felt like the worst kind of person imaginable for the way she treated the one that they should have thanked and rallied behind. Her thoughts were interrupted by the strange sight of Owls swooping in as quickly as they could. Newspapers were everywhere and while she hated reading anything that fraud Rita Skeeter wrote – she looked to the heading. THE GRINDELWALD FAMILY RISES ONCE MORE! Ignoring the prattle and speculation of the article, it was clear that something regarding the Wizarding World was irrevocably changed that day … and she felt like Harry was involved somehow. She spotted the letter with her copy of the paper and almost squealed when she saw her Aunt's handwriting. She opened it and read: Dearest Susan, I am writing to you this day to inform you that your Marriage Contract has been activated. The young man will not accept you as easily as I'd have hoped, but there is still the chance that he can accept the Marriage. Please be careful this year, and remember to at least attempt to talk with the young man as he will be returning to Hogwarts soon. Your Aunt, Amelia. P.S. Oh the young man is Harrison Grindelwald … formally Harry Potter. Susan barely managed to tuck the letter safely in her pocket before she fainted and had to be taken to the hospital wing by a flustered Cedric Diggory. ..::.. Albus Dumbledore was surrounded by his staff and faculty as he presented the letter and payment for schooling. "It is official … Harrison Grindelwald … is coming to Hogwarts." "Grindelwald, as in Gellert Grindelwald?" asked the voice of Filius Flitwick. "Yes, Filius," sighed Dumbledore tiredly. "I didn't know there was anyone left in the Grindelwald Line," Severus Snape voiced silkily. "Are we certain that it's the child's true name?" "Yes Severus," Dumbledore acknowledged. "The Book of Students for Hogwarts has accepted the name … that is only possible if it were the child's true name." "What will we do, Albus?" McGonagall asked. "What if he is like the last Grindelwald?" "Surely you're being too hard on a boy you've never even met before," Pomona Sprout chipped in. "Are you all going to judge him before you even meet him?" "Pomona is right," Filius nodded. "If we judge him now, then are we no worse than the supremacists of the last war?" "An excellent point Filius, Pomona," Dumbledore agreed. "We will just have to see for ourselves … he will be arriving tomorrow for sorting." ..::.. Harrison moved with practised ease as he was escorted by a nervous looking Hagrid from the main gates to the Great Hall. There in the centre of the raised area was the sorting hat and stool. Harrison removed his hood and grinned at Hagrid's shocked face. "I promise that I'll explain later, Hagrid," Harrison promised with a smile. McGonagall moved to greet him and froze in horror as Harry Potter stood before her looking every bit a Pureblood. His robes were pristine, and the cloak/coat he wore was something she remembered from the Grindelwald War. But it was none of those things that had Minerva McGonagall look so shocked. It was the fact that Harrison Grindelwald was healthy, his power practically rolling off of his smaller form, but it was his face that held the most impact. Gone was the feral black hair of James Potter, and in its place was a crew cut typically seen in Germany and America during the wars. Not a single wild piece of hair in sight, and his eyes shone with pure restrained power … power that he could unleash at a moment's notice. [AN3] Harrison walked calmly – enjoying the shock of the students and teachers alike as he was escorted to the stool and sorting chair. He could hear the whispers – asking if this was a terrible joke, and even Severus no longer looked at him with contempt … he was not James Potter's son anymore no … he was an unknown – a powerful unknown. Dumbledore gasped in pain and a little fear as what could be described as a younger, dark haired version of Gellert was escorted to the stool. He noticed the faded scar on the boy's head and gasped. Harry Potter was Harrison Grindelwald? "Harry, what are you doing?" Dumbledore asked. "This is not a joke." "And I am not laughing, Headmaster," Harrison replied. "My name is Harrison James Grindelwald." The noise of the four houses erupted as they heard his declaration, but it was the Slytherins that were the most affected. They were the most traditional house left in Hogwarts and they could practically taste Harrison's power. Malfoy decided to play it safe and not say anything at all … it would do no good in antagonising Grindelwald. Once the noise quietened down, Harrison stepped forward and calmly sat on the stool provided – what most didn't know was that the stool was enchanted. If someone other than the name called sat down on it, the hat would say something … so the fact that the hat said nothing only indicated that Harry Potter was dead … and in his place was Harrison Grindelwald. " Better be … RAVENCLAW!" the Sorting Hat boomed loudly. ..::.. There we go – chapter one completed. Please tell me what you think. [AN1] – Think of the Ring of Barahir from Lord of the Rings – it's the ring that Aragorn wears. [AN2] – The cloak/coat that Mr. Graves wears. [AN3] – The same hairstyle as Mr. Graves/Gellert Grindelwald. ..::.. AS ALWAYS: PLEASE READ AND REVIEW. ..::.. \^o^/