Ravenclaws looked politely curious, while the Slytherins mostly wore annoyed expressions. "Now so it happens, our potion today is neither. We are brewing a potion that mimics the effect of a bubble-head charm, except it lasts longer and is more durable. Nevertheless, ten points each for an outstanding discussion!" If he was annoyed, Riddle didn't show it. For the rest of the class, Hermione and Riddle worked together silently but efficiently. He gathered the ingredients from the cupboard and she sprinkled ground crumpet horn into their simmering cauldron and stirred twice while waiting for the beetle juice and boggart flesh which he carefully sliced with a small silver knife. Hermione quickly realised that Riddle was Slughorn's favourite student. And that Riddle, in turn, appeared to be really quite charming. He excelled at potions, no doubt. Their potion turned exactly the required colour of dead autumn leaves before sheering out into a glimmering pink, releasing long thin tendrils of steam. But other than the thrill of receiving full marks, as did her diligent partner of course, it was an otherwise uneventful lesson. It was just after dinner. Hermione ran up the stairs to the seventh-floor. Pacing before the stone wall, she entered the large wooden door that appeared. This time, it was a large high-ceilinged room with rows upon rows of books lining the walls. There was a small cheery little fireplace that crackled when she approached and she threw herself down into the soft armchair that appeared before her. Placing her feet up on the wooden stool, which also appeared, she lay back with her eyes closed. This state of near bliss was ultimately broken when she heard a quiet cough behind her. Whirling so fast she felt her neck crick, she found herself doubting her own eyes. "What are you doing here?" she exclaimed at Riddle who was lying reposed on a dark green embroidered chaise longue, a book on his chest, his wand held loosely in the long fingers of his right hand. He looked at her thoughtfully, though she could see a glimmer of her own annoyance reflected in his eyes. "I might ask you the same." Groaning, Hermione sat down, her back to him. She whispered to herself, "Why, oh, why. Just wanted some peace ." "How do you know about the Room of Requirement?" he asked, pretending not to have heard. "I don't know. How do you know about it?" And all at once, the most surprising thing happened. He stood up abruptly and his voice, which had been calm and quiet, slipped into a cold hiss. "I don't appreciate you playing games with me , Granger. " Turning around, as if she thought he had been replaced by someone else, she was alarmed to see him just an arm's length away. His eyes were dark and furious. Normally quite handsome – although she wondered why she was thinking about that now – his face seemed quite transformed by rage. And although his features remained fixed in a neutral expression, apart from a slight curl of his lips, it was his eyes that changed everything. It was the glint in his eyes that made him look so terribly cruel. She stood up and took a step back, gasping when he strode forward and roughly shook her shoulders. "Tell me, you silly girl." Whilst she had been momentarily struck by the sudden drop of his mask, she did not allow herself to flinch when he shook her. Steeling herself, she lifted her wand and he suddenly flew away from her and crashed into a bookshelf, thick books raining down upon him. With a hiss, he flicked his wand and the books stopped falling and instead hovered, facing her with deadly intent. Hermione managed to throw up a quick shield around her as the books spat out paper daggers, which she knew were as sharp as real ones. She managed to laugh, while holding up her shield, as he sent flaming books her way. "I knew there was something off about you," she said. He narrowed his eyes, tilting his head slightly. "You know nothing, stupid girl." Her annoyance exploded into rage. "Don't. Call me. That. You. Evil. Boy. " She hissed also, with every word hurling a new curse. They sped towards him so quickly and viciously that he had no time to erect a shield. Instead, he ducked the first three and sent a cascade of books falling down in front of him, the rest of her curses hitting them and causing them to variously go up in flames or explode in a furious flurry of paper. For the first time, he allowed his features to twist in rage and snarling, he broke her shield with a well-timed spell. Yelling, Hermione dodged, and sprinted for the door. He got there before she did, which forced her to back away, her wand still aimed at him. "Not bad for a girl. But I can hurt you as easily as the others." She bristled at his arrogance. "Try it and I will make you wish you hadn't," she said just as viciously. He laughed coldly, stepping closer to her. "When I'm finished with you …" Hermione surprised him, and herself, by stepping closer too. "Try it," she hissed, giving him a very fierce look. Her wand was a few centimetres away from his exposed throat. So was his, she realised. They glared at each other, face to face. Both silently refused to back down, like a pair of snakes, coiled and tense, unmoving, ready to strike. Up this close, Hermione could see his face in detail. From the arch of his dark eyebrows, to the slight flush of his usually pale cheeks. She found herself studying his face, the way his eyelashes cast long shadows, the surprisingly full lips, the mystifying symmetry of his features … and the large dark eyes that were studying her just as closely. Abruptly, he turned away and stalked out the door.