his clutch fist upward and punched Mr. Potter right in the upper jaw, sending him backwards and knocking him down onto the floor. Lily screamed, Remus gasped, Sirius held back a smirk, Dumbledore gave out a tired sigh, Hermione gave out a small giggle along with a small smirk, his mother shook her head and muttered under her breath about that she shouldn't had allowed her son to take those boxing lessons when he was younger, while his father gave out a loud cheer in approvement. " Only way my ass, you son of a bitch!" H.G snapped out in pure rage, his green eyes blazing, and his fists clutched so hard his knuckles were turning white. -x-x- " Fucking great… We have to move to England all because of a fucking psychopath is out for my blood. Can this day get any worse Mione?" he asked his sister as he laid down onto her bed. Hermione gave him a sigh and a shook of the head as she said tiredly "You shouldn't have said that Harrison, now with your luck it is going to get much worse… Murphy's Law my dear brother." -x-x- " Names Fred and George Weasleys but everyone calls us Gred and Forge. What can we do for you both?" the twins asked as both him and his sister entered the small coffee shop. Hermione's eyes widened as she quickly turned to her brother who was staring at them in pure amazement. " Holy crap! You're the Weasley Twins, creators of Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes products! I've been ordering your stuff in my fourth year ever since I found that ad in the paper! I love your joke products!" H.G nearly yelled out in pure excitement as he pointed to the twins who looked stunned for a moment before they grinned at the raven haired boy, Fred though was also eyeing him up a bit more than his brother from head to toe with a satisfied look on his face at what he was seeing. Hermione looked to the ceiling of the coffee shop and said in dread "Why, why… I've been good haven't I? I obey the rules, I listen to my parents, I know right from wrong. Oh why did you cruse me with meeting my brother's favorite pranking inventors!" -x-x- " Mind if my friend and I sit here? Prefect Potter kicked us out of ours and most of the other compartments are full…" asked a tall redhaired boy who wore a red tie, as he entered their compartment, Hermione shared a small look with her brother before they nodded to each other, she turned to the redhead and nodded at him with a smile. The redhaired boy smiled greatfully and motioned for his friend to come in before he quickly moved out of the compartment to allow his friend in, it was another boy who had dark brown hair and wore the same tie as the redhead who came in only he looked more timid than most of the other students. The boy was carrying his trunk behind him when he entered the compartment before he sent the Grangers a small timid smile and began to lift it to an area above them. " Thanks. Name's Ronald Weasley, but you can call me Ron like everyone else and this is my best friend Neville Longbottom…" Ron said as he dragged his own trunk into the compartment when his friend had finished moving his trunk. -x-x " Mione,… Mione… Look… It's HIM …" H.G said as he tugged on Hermione's arm in pure excitement. Hermione cringed for a moment at the hard tugging but said tiredly "Harrison stop, I would like to be able to use my arm and with you tugging so hard I can't seem to feel it anymore…" Hermione watched as he did do as she said but his eyes never left the man who was sitting at the teacher's table. She also noticed he nearly had stars in his eyes as he chanted out "It's him…" over and over again under his breath in pure awe. Hermione gave out a weak laugh and said "Calm yourself Harrison; you look like you want to jump him… I sometimes wonder if letting you buy that advanced potions book by Mr. Snape was maybe not such a good idea after all…" He didn't hear her, and Hermione sighed when she noticed it. Her brother, an inspiring to be Potions Master, was staring at his idol, Severus Snape. -x-x- " Mione, is it me, or is that blonde at the last table staring at me?" H.G asked as he carefully looked across the dining hall, Hermione turned her head out of her book and looked at her brother before following his gaze to the far table in the hall. There sitting with a look on his face was a nearly white haired blonde who was staring at her brother like he was a meal to a straving man. " Oh, crap…" she muttered under her breath when she realized why. -x-x- " Hey! What gives you any right to order my little brother around?" Hermione yelled out in anger as she took hold of her brother's arm and pulled him out of the grip of the other boy. " I'm the Boy-Who-Lived and he's MY little brother, you bitch!" the black haired teen with glasses yelled out as he tried to get the raven haired boy back only to find a wand pointed at his face, he paled as he noticed who was holding it when he stared into the color of Avada Kedavra eyes that looked dangoures to everyone around. " Never , call my sister a bitch…" H.G said in a low iced whisper slowly. -x-x- PREVIEWS OVER Anyway hope you all enjoyed it, I hope to update soon and as always, I'm going to bed now! If you liked it please review, if you didn't than don't review and leave please