plea for her help. I'm sorry, but what can I do? She tried to move again, but the goat's call was making her weak. Ginny could tell that the monster was closing on the frantic animal, and worse, she could tell that she was the only one close enough to help. She looked at the pitiful scene, hot tears beginning to roll down her cheeks. I'm only eight. She thought, staying where she was. She turned to look up at the burrow, where many competent wizards were safely sleeping. She would never be able to get them out here in time. As the goat gave another cry, the wraith nearly on top of it, Ginny moved forward. Blast you Charlie, I should be in there too! She raised her wand and called to the glowing form. "Stop." The creature didn't seem to knowest her weak sounding voice. If this doesn't work I'll haunt you forever Bill! "I said stop! Statum colop!" This time her voice rang clear and loud, emphasized by the bolt of lightning that flew from her wand. The wraith did not appear to be injured by the spell, yet it had stopped crooning and turned now to her. Oh crap! I hit it with my most powerful spell! Curse you Bill, I should be in bed! With horrible patience, the specter slowly raised its arms and began to croon again, advancing now on her. Ginny tried to think of another spell to cast while she backed up as fast as she could. "Rapeleo crown!" She shouted and a second later something plopped on her head, causing her to scream. Stupid hat of leaves! I need a better spell than that! She tried again, this time casting Breeze. This spell had a better affect than her previous ones. The wraith was blasted with wind which was slowing its progress. Not slow enough! At this rate, the wraith would have her in seconds. Ginny gripped the wand even tighter and tried to remember what her brother had told her about the wraith. Suddenly, the wand cracked in her hand, weakening the wind spell. Oh no! Did I just break my wand?! She loosened her grip and the wind continued. Do something, you idiot! She thought furiously, the wraith was just feet from her! Amazingly the whole conversation with Charlie came back to her. It fears the moon like… Ginny dropped her wand arm and marched forward, her fear being replaced by hurt and rage. She went into a run, swatted the wraith aside and kicked the goat right in the rear. "That was a horrible trick Charlie!" She bellowed. The goats baying turned to a yelp as it flopped forward into the bush. "Hey! I'm just a prop here!" The voice was not a goat or Charlie, it was someone else. The goat turned its head and Ginny clearly saw the face of Fred, who was wearing some kind of robe that was charmed to look like a goat. "We're over here Ginny!" That did sound like Charlie, which must mean that Bill was over there as well. "Ginny Weasily! What were you thinking?" That one sounded terribly like her mother, the voice coming from the woods, where many some ones were emerging. "Mum? Dad? What…?" All her brothers were there, even Ron, Ginning out of the dark at her. "Lunar lumous." Charlie said, holding up a lit reed wand. He had emphasized what she had guessed, lunar, or moon, lumous. She was boiling over with hurt and anger now. They had gotten her in trouble with mom, just for a laugh. Her father answered her thought. "We were the true ring leaders in this Ginny." "Why? What was the point of terrifying me half out of my wits?" Her parents were behind this? Now she was lost for how to feel. Her mother continued. "We do this to show you how dangerous the wizarding world can be." She said this kindly and knelt to hug her. "Why didn't you run for help dear? You could have woken us for this." "There was no time." Ginny told her feeling stupid. "I thought goat boy, over there, was in trouble." She gestured to Fred who looked like a long legged goat on its hind feet, little arms wiggling as the others laughed at him. Ginny wiped her cheeks, unaware that she had cried. "So this was all a test?" "Most of it." Bill told her, scuffing her hair. "You did learn about how to perform spells and make potions. Even these weak spells make good practice." Something occurred to her then and she turned to her parents. "I can use these spell without hiding?" "Only if you stick to the rules from now on. Break them again and we will take the wand away." Her mother hugged her again and stood up. Ginny held up her hand and swore. "I will be as responsible in that as Fred and George." "Then we should take it away now." Her father said with a big grin. "Not yet." Ginny told them as she turned towards her brothers. "It still has some work to do." She shot a spark into the goat's tail, making it hop comically. "Yeow! What was that for?" "For calling for help so convincingly. And you!" Ginny turned towards Charlie and made a tiny rain cloud form over his head, little rain drops soaking into his hair." "Muuum! Make her stop!" Charlie whined, pulling his collar up. She turned back towards Bill and Fred. "Now Ginny," Fred told her, little goat paws held in front of him. "don't be a baaaad girl!" "Ahhrrrgg." Ginny roared, chasing them into the darkness, their forms lit by occasional bolts of spell electricity. Mr. Weasly chuckled and put an arm around his wife. "See Molly? Our little girl will be just fine." Mrs. Weasly sighed. "I know, but you watch, with this lot around her, she won't end up with a quiet boy."