in the rooms of girls and the same is true of girls for boys" "I know, but Harry has nowhere to stay and he needs a friend" Susan said. "And isn't the House of friendship and loyalty?" Hannah asked. "If its not, then I don't want to be here" she added. "What she said" Susan agreed. "Our room is mega huge, so we can easily fit in another bed and some more drawers" "Very well… I shall speak to the Headmaster and see what can be done. I suggest that you all go to sleep now as it has been a long and tiring day for you all. Your lessons start the day after tomorrow, and you will be taken on a tour of the school so you know where all the different locations are and how you can get to them the quickest" and, with that, Sprout left the common room to have a word with Dumbledore. "Come on, Harry!" Susan grabbed Harry's hand and dragged him to the room that he would be staying in. After getting some odd looks from some of the girls in his class, he was pulled through a door to the place he'd be staying in for at least a few days. Yet more copper lamps hung off the walls, but this time over the four-posters bed – all of which were covered in patchwork quilts, and copper bed warmers sat on a shelf by the door. The room also had its own small fireplace, and Harry wondered if the other rooms had it. A door to one side led to the most lavish bathroom that he had ever seen in his life – even more so then the one in the hotel the Dursleys and him had briefly stayed in. Before his very eyes, and for some reason, another bed, drawers and cupboard all appeared and, magically, squeezed in between the furniture that was already there. A few seconds later and his trunk appeared along with an empty cage - Susan had explained that Hedwig would have been let out and gone to the Owlry. The three started to empty their trunks and put away their clothes at which point Harry became very reluctant to have his trunk open for any length of time. "Are you alright, Harry?" asked Hannah. "I…" he sighed. They were his friends and friends, he knew, shouldn't keep too many secrets. "I don't have many clothes with me" he said. "Well why didn't you pack more?" "Because my Aunt and Uncle never got me anything. Remember what I said to Susan's Aunt? My Aunt and Uncle would never pay for any large amounts of new clothing. What I couldn't get from hand-me-downs from Dudley came from charity shops – except the underwear" "Ewwwwwwww" Susan and Hannah exclaimed as they shuddered in horror together. "Well we'll have to fix that" Susan picked up a notebook and made a note in it with a pen. Her Aunt was going to call on Harry in a few days to have a word with him about all the things he had disclosed to her in the office, and the newly minted Hufflepuff decided to mention it and see if her and Hannah could not arrange for some new clothes for him – at least some things he could wear at weekends. After taking turns going to the bathroom and changing, the three friends climbed into the cosy bed, pulled up the covers and drifted off to sleep with thoughts in their minds of what was to come the following day. A/N: Okay, slight change of plans here people… Had my computer seized by the police because, for some reason, they think I am running a porn ring! This is something I deny, of course, but it did mean I was without a computer for some days. This, however, did not stop me and within 72 hours I was back online with a reincarnated Mildred - older reviewers and long term readers will know that was the computer that died three years ago… She suddenly started up again out of the blue. Anyway, whilst this means that fanfiction services are more or less back on track, readers of The Navigator Flies Again will have to wait until I re-write an entire chapter from memory! In the meantime, though, Hermione's Secret has been reactivated on the list of stories and will take the TNFA's place alongside this one. Normal service should be resumed in about three months. Now, on to this fic… Yes, its another Hufflepuff sorted Harry fic, but this one has a few twists to it even in the first chapter, some characters are not canon compliant and there will be a friendship that will go on to be something more in the future. One thing I have always wondered is why do lessons start the day after the pupils get there? How are students supposed to find their way around a castle they have never been to before or to a place they are unfamiliar with…? So, with that in mind, Harry, Hannah And Susan are getting a day to meet some of the teachers, have a little quiz of sorts and get shown round all of the places they may need to visit along with other useful bits of information. Oh yes… Before anybody says something about it – the ability of Harry to get in a girls' room. As Hermione and others show the ability to enter the boy's dorm without any issues, I think the wards must work on intent – otherwise Lavender would have been in Ron's bed on a number of occasions. As Harry has no intentions towards Hannah or Susan, and he most likely thinks that girls are, to him at least due to his upbringing, a strange thing, the wards have allowed it. All good reviews will be accepted – all bad ones will be used to destroy ISIS! Regards Pixel and Stephanie