Edwin Filch, does not enter the common rooms to clean them, and while there are elf cleaners, they do not clean the dormitories. There are four houses: Hufflepuff, Slytherin, Ravenclaw, and Gryffindor, which were named for the four founders of Hogwarts. I personally would like to clarify that none of the houses is better or worse than the rest. There are often misconceptions about that. "Anyway, during your time at Hogwarts, your achievements will earn points for your house, and likewise, your failures or any rule breaking will lose points for your house. At the end-of-term feast, the house cup is awarded to the house with the most points. Do try to be a benefit to your house. "The Sorting Ceremony will begin shortly in the Great Hall. I will come back to collect you when it is time. Good luck!" she ended her long speech with a wink and another good-natured smile, then left them to wait. At the moment she closed the door behind her, a gleeful shout rang out above their heads, "Ooooh! Ickle firsties!" There was an evil cackle and they all looked up to see a small man floating in midair with a wicked look in his eyes. "Peeves! Not the first years! They haven't even been sorted yet! Go pick on Filch," a ghost with a mischievous face and flaming red hair reprimanded Peeves. "It's Uncle George!" exclaimed Rose. "What's that I heard? Uncle George? I've got a niece this year, do I? Aha, there she is!" The ghost swooped down close to the heads of the students, finding Rose's curly, Weasley red hair, "And it's Uncle Fred to you. I reckon you can tell us apart now. You know, seeing as I've got two ears, and he's got one. Not to mention I stopped aging nineteen years ago. Oh yes, and I'm a ghost. Did you notice?" Fred winked, and his beam was so wide it hardly seemed to fit on his face. "Uncle Fred! That's brilliant!" Rose had the urge to throw her arms around his neck, but it was rather impossible with a ghost. Their conversation was soon drowned out by shouts of surprise as three more lively ghosts appeared from the walls. "Aaaaannd…Padfoot is going in with the flying forward one-and-a-half somersaults with three and a half twists in the free position! A difficult dive, no doubt. Let's see if he can land it." A ghost dove from a torch holder, executing quite gracefully the aforementioned dive, before flattening out and gliding so close to the tops of the students' heads that their hair ruffled in the breeze. "He's made it! I don't believe it! A perfect dive! Incredible! Unbelievable!" The commentating ghost somersaulted down from someplace near the ceiling, and he too glided close to the tops of their heads. Meeting near the middle of the room, the two ghosts exchanged a high five, and the third ghost corkscrewed rapidly through the arch formed by the high five of the first two. "Moony wins the prize yet again with his bull's-eye aim!" Fred's ghost joined the other three as they flew together over the now clapping and cheering students. The door opened and Professor Johannesburg stepped into the room. She joined in the applause, and then held up her hand in the remaining space in the doorway. The four ghosts, one right after another, zoomed out of the room, landing a high five with Professor Johannesburg on the way through the doorway. They were all laughing merrily. After allowing several moments for the applause to die down a bit, Professor Johannesburg said cheerfully, "This is why I've stopped telling first years to wait quietly. There's really no point. Well, in any case, we're ready. The Sorting Ceremony is about to begin. Now, if you would line up and follow me." She opened the door wide and led them across the entrance hall again. When she stepped into the hall, a ghost with bubblegum pink hair began to walk at her side, mimicking Professor Johannesburg's walk uncannily. Then the ghost turned to face the students, winked impishly, and morphed into an exact copy of the professor. She turned to Professor Johannesburg and held out her hand, "May I have this dance, Professor?" Professor Johannesburg paused in her stride, "Why yes, Tonks. You may." It was clear the Professor Johannesburg had spent much time with ghosts, for she could make it look as though they too were flesh and blood, in giving perfect high fives and handshakes. And, of course, dancing. The two Professor Johannesburgs danced a rather lively waltz across the remainder of the entrance hall. When they reached the archway to the great hall, Tonks morphed back into her spiky bubblegum pink hair and walked past the crowd of new students, grinning. Several times, she morphed into one of the students she walked past and gave them an innocent smile. Then she walked past Scorpius. And then she stopped and came back to walk alongside Scorpius again. She looked at him, her grin dropping and her eyes widening. She morphed into him, then slowly into a boy who looked very like him, except he was older and his eyes were a smoky blue-grey instead of green. "Malfoy?" Scorpius nodded uncertainly. "You look a lot like your pops," she said, an expression of pain crossing her face, "Don't turn out like him, hey?" "Oh…okay" Scorpius didn't know how to reply. He reached the doors to the Great Hall, and Tonks flew into the air then passed through a wall at the end of the entrance hall. Scorpius watched her fly away, somewhat confused, then he turned his head to look into the Great Hall. It was magnificent. A/N I know it's short, so please don't kill me in my sleep. PLEASE REVIEW, I want to know what you guys and girls think! I'll probably update again soon, so if you liked it, you have that to look forward to! Cheers!