exponentially in size, filling the red head's womanhood more fully. She watched as the young lioness writhed on the sheets below, clearly enjoying this little experiment of hers. Pressing the wand in further until she met with resistance, she paused and left it alone. However, the other witch had other ideas. "M-more… Further…" she instructed, panting from the incredible pleasure she felt from the thick wand filling her up. She knew what she wanted and Hermione was going to be her first time. Hermione's eyes widened at the Weasley's suggestion. "You're sure…?" she asked as her hand remained steady, pressing the enlarged wand against the virgin barrier. She watched as the young girl nodded, certain of what she wanted. Hermione took a deep breath and nodded, pressing the wand harder and further, before she felt something give way, allowing the wand to slip deeper inside. Ginny cried out in pain, wincing a bit as she felt a burning sensation erupt within her. Her body tensed up for a moment, needing to adjust to the foreign sensation. Hermione felt a twinge of guilt peck away at her as she waited for Ginny to relax. She had just stolen her virginity… and this wasn't even how it was supposed to be. She frowned as she realized what she had just done. Ginny could feel the guilt coming off her friend. She reached up to cup the older girl's cheek. "Don't… I wanted this… with you… if you regret anything now…" she began, frowning as well. "No, not regret," Hermione corrected. "It's just… this isn't how it's supposed to be…" "But it's what I want," Ginny declared stubbornly. She let her hand fall to Hermione's, which was wrapped tightly around the enlarged wand that vibrated satisfactorily inside of her, rather deeply. She felt better now, or at least, well adjusted. "Now… show me what my wand can do." Hermione offered her a smile and began to slowly push the wand deeper within the Weasley. Once a good portion of the wand's impressive length was inside, she slowly pulled out and began to repeat the process. Ginny let her head rest against the bed once more, arching into Hermione's sinful motions. She whimpered as she felt the wand's length delve deep inside, repeatedly. The thrusting motion felt wonderful and once again, she felt pleasure unlike anything before this night. Hermione was an incredible lover. Hermione watched as she pressed the wand into Ginny continuously, but she still felt like there was something more she could do. She knew in her heart that this wasn't just a night of passion between them. No, this was something much more and whatever came their way in the chaotic world that they existed in, she wouldn't let Ginny be alone. She pulled the wand out about halfway, positioning herself so that one of her legs stretched out underneath Ginny's, then another one draping over the opposite. She scooted close, holding the vibrating wand tightly, pressing the opposite end to her own moist entrance. Gasping before moaning deeply, she felt the vibrations tingle though her lower half. She pushed through the sensation and took in her end of the wand deeper, until she was met with a familiar resistance like before. Ginny looked over to what Hermione was doing. She saw the wand halt in its motions and her eyes grew wide. "H-Hermione, wait-" The bushy haired witch ignored her and proceeded to impale herself with the large, vibrating wand. She let out a cry, her body tensing up as she felt the pain which burned initially. Whimpering softly, she remained still as her body adjusted. She opened a squinted eye and looked to Ginny, whom looked horrified at what she had done. "Together…" Hermione uttered as she began to adjust the wand between them so that each of them had it half buried deep within them. "We will always be together… from this point on…" Ginny moaned softly as she felt their bodies become closer than ever. They were closer than she could have ever imagined. She sat up as best she could, reaching for Hermione and pulling her close. Leaning forward, she captured her lips once more in a white hot, searing kiss. She closed her eyes, small noises of pleasure escaping her as she felt a wave of pleasure building and building. "I…. I love you…" she whispered into Hermione's lips, unable to deny it any longer. Hermione returned the passionate kiss, snaking her fingers in the long, silken red strands that adorned the head of her lovely witch. "I love you too…" she whispered as she felt pleasure build itself within her core. She pressed her lips tighter against Ginny's, uttering one final incantation for the evening. " Inte Maxima." Both Gryffindor girls cried out louder than ever, experiencing their climax at the same time, sharing their passion in a way words could not describe. Each of them thought they could hear the other practically sing each other's names. After their pleasure had assailed them thoroughly, they both collapsed on the bed, the enlarged wand returning to normal and its vibrations halting. Ginny panted heavily, cuddling up with Hermione affectionately and refusing to let her go. "You think… those spells held up…?" she asked as she buried her face in Hermione's neck, peppering soft kisses upon her perfect skin. "Honestly… I have no clue…" Hermione whispered softly, running her hands along Ginny's slick back. "I suppose someone will mention something at breakfast tomorrow…" she mused. Ginny giggled into Hermione's neck, nipping sweetly. "I certainly hope they do." "What does this mean… for us…?" Hermione asked softly, her breath hitching in her throat in anticipation of an answer. Ginny looked up at Hermione and laced her fingers within her own. "It means… that we're together… forever. Whatever happens," she answered gently. Hermione smiled, gracing Ginny's forehead with a simple kiss. Relief washed over her at Ginny's answer. "At least we won't have problems with boys anymore."