in my seat, stretching my legs out and crossing one ankle over the other. I threw my arms beind my head and closed my eyes, getting ready to take a nap until we got here. He snapped in a bitter tone. "Why are you leaving earlier?" I opened my eyes, staring at John who waa scowling deeper than before. "What's your problem? Did I interupt the social life you do not have?" His face reddened. "Shut up, Black! I saw you're Daddy on the telly!" I looked at him blankly. "What are you talking about? I don't have a father, maybe you forgot, but that's why we live in a Orphanage." His anger vanished into smugness. "He might not be, but you looked just like him, same hair and eyes. Your father is a criminal that people are looking for." I stared at him shocked and white faced. I rounded on him. "What the Bloody Hell are you going on about?! I don't know my father, but he's not in prision." He smirked wider than before. "Whatever you say, looks like you really are stuck at the Orphanage for five more years." I felt my temper boiling and I glared at him I was in a really good mood too. "You're an idiot! You're just mad that you're almost 18 and no one wanted you. I have Remus." He snarled and stopped the car short on the curb. "Get out." I was the one to smirk at him. "Oh, did I strike a nerve. Did I hurt you're poor feelings?" He balled his fist in my shirt. "I'm warning you, shut it." I looked around. "London isn't for another mile." I moved his hands from my shirt. He snapped, face twisted in a unknown emotion. "I don't care! Just go!" His fists clenched on the steering wheel, his voice cracking on the last word. I realized I got to him and thought it served him right. He started it with me, I was just getting back at him. Parents were a sore subject for all of us kids. He started it by talking about my supposed father. I shook my head as I saw he wasn't moving. "Fine, but remember. I didn't prank you because I promised Matthews, but you'll be leaving so I guess I won't get to. Then you'll have no where to go, the Orphanage isn't obligated to keep you." He winced and I got out, taking my bag out of the trunk and walked the next mile, looking for the enterance. I might have been a little harsh, but he started it with me and said what he thought would hurt me. I just wished he was a year younger, so I could pull a prank on him, maybe dying his hair pink or green or something like that. I don't really want to physically hurt someone unless they hurt a friend of mine, pranks make me feel better and they're funny. Speaking of pranks, when I walked into the Leaky Cauldron, I saw two heads of red hair, I grinned. "Hey, Gred! Forge!" They turned to look at me, grinning back. "Jamie!" A couple of the costumers sent me dirty looks and shifted away. I looked at them strangely. That's weird, why are they looking at me like that? I walked over and asked. "So, what're you guys doing here?" Fred smiled. "Well, you know how Dad won that contest-" George continued. "and Mum decided to stay here for the day. What're you doing here?" I shrugged. "Harry sent me a letter, saying he was going to be here." Fred raised an eyebrow. "Speaking of letters-" I nodded, excited. "Yeah, so did you guys get the one I sent back to you?" They gave identical smirks. "Yes, indeed. Great ideas they are." I looked around. "Do you know where Ron or Harry is?" George opened his mouth to speak, but I heard. "Jamie!" I turned at Mrs. Weasley's voice. "Oh, Mrs. Weasley, hi." She hugged me tightly, more tight that usual. "How are you, dear?" I looked in her worried eyes and smiled. "I'm fine, I just got here and was going to look for Harry and the others." She let me go, hands still on my shoulders. "Will you be careful?" I nodded with a grin. "Uh-huh. After all, careful is my middle name." She patted my cheek slightly, letting me go fully. I felt myself blush in embarrassment, but did my best to cover it up as Mrs. Weasley left and went to her older son, Percy. He was a Head Boy now or that's what Ron, Fred and George told me in their letters. Fred threw his arms over my shoulders. "Dear Jamie, pray tell us-" George came on my other side. "-what is you're middle name?" I laughed at that, shaking them off. "I will not tell you that, it's so weird. No one knows." Well, Remus does, but he's the only one. They mock sulked at me and I said. "Hold on, I'm going to get a room and look for the others." Mrs. Weasley came back, hearing what I said. "Jamie, don't worry about that. You can share with Hermione and Ginny." My eyes widened in surprise. "'Mione is here too?" Mrs. Weasley smiled. "Yes, so leave you're trunk and we'll bring it up." I grinned happily at her. "Thanks." I opened my trunk and grabbed my wand, closing the trunk back up. I put my wand in my pocket and walked off. After walking around for a while, looking for red, black or frizzy brown hair, I saw them by an ice cream shop called, Florean Fortescue's Ice Crean Parlor. With a happy feeling in my chest at seeing all my friends I haven't seen in mouths, I jogged over. There, I think this turned out much better. I know this has been down plenty of times, but I'm giving it a go. I hoped you liked it.