really did remind me of Hades, with his bright eyes that say they know more than you think they do and the luscious dark feathers. His beak was thin, black, and sharp looking. His talons looked lethal, if used as a weapon; they were large, sharp and, black. The tufts of black feathers near his ears gave him the appearance of having horns, only adding to the king of the underworld persona. "Okay, now to go buy some new quills." I said to myself. He swiveled his head to look at me, and it almost looked like he had raised an eyebrow at me. I smirked. Hades watched me for a moment longer then he swiveled his head back around to watch a lizard scurry across the path in front of us. I walked down the alley, back towards the Leaky Cauldron and stopped just a few stores ahead of it. There I went in and bought several high quality quills, all black feathers with either gold or silver tips. I also bought some new ink, before leaving the store and returning home to meet my sister. I coughed as I stepped out of the fireplace and glanced around. It was dark by now, and my dad was probably having some secret meeting with Lucius. Nagini slithered around the corner and into my view. " Nagini, where isss Lexi?" I hissed in parseltongue. She flicked her head to the side and slightly upwards. " In her room, mistresss Desdemona." Nagini replied. " Thanksss." I said then turned. I walked swiftly from the room and sped up the stairs two at a time. I passed by my black door and stopped in front of Lexi's cherry wood door. I used the hand that wasn't occupied with Hades' cage to pound heavily on the door. "Alright, alright, stop beating down my door!" Lexi yelled, her voice steadily growing louder as she approached the door. She wrenched the door open and stared at me. "Must you always be so loud?" I asked. "I could ask you the same question." She replied. I smirked. "I got you some quills, sis." I said, holding up the bag that contained my newly purchased quills, "I also got an owl, his name's Hades." I lifted the hand that grasped Hades in his cage so she could get a better view. "He's gorgeous, Dess, I think he'll get on well with Harpy, don't you." She said as she stepped back and let me walk into her room. I nodded. Harpy was a large, black eagle, and she was perched majestically on the top of Lexi's wardrobe. I nodded slightly in his direction. "Hello, Harpy. Meet Hades, my new owl." I said. Harpy regarded me with his dark eyes then switched his gaze to Hades. Hades hooted in greeting. Harpy let out sort of low screech that meant she was pleased or happy. Hades hooted again as I set his cage down on one end of Lexi's desk. "Hold on Hades, you're only gonna be there for a minute while I give Lexi her new quills and one of the inkwells." I said quietly. Lexi chuckled. I glared slightly at her as I handed her four black quills tipped with gold and a well of black ink. "I've left your books and robes on your bed, and Draconis told me to tell you that he heard Daddy and Wormtail talking about Dumbledore and some sort of Order." Lexi said. "Order, Dumbledore? You mean like an army of some sort?" I asked as I gathered up my quills and inkwell and picked up Hades' cage. "I dunno, Draconis didn't catch much, Nagini heard him and told Daddy. Wormtail shut the door on him before he could hear anymore. I huffed slightly. I really hate Nagini sometimes. "Well, we should start packing tonight, the train leaves tomorrow." I said as I turned to leave the room. "Yeah, I suppose we should. I'll see you in the morning, Dess, night Hades. Tell Draconis I said good night." Lexi said. I nodded. "Night Lexi, night Harpy, see you in the morning. We should get breakfast on the way to the station; I highly doubt there's anything edible left here." I said at the doorway. "Okay." Lexi replied, punctuated by a yawn. I stifled a yawn of my own and stomped down the hall to my room. I opened the door and walked in quietly. I set Hades' cage down on my desk and opened it, allowing him to fly up and perch on my wardrobe. Draconis lifted his head at the noise. He was coiled tightly on my pillow. " Who's the bird?" Draconis hissed. " This is Hades, my new owl. DO NOT EAT HIM! He's smart and I wouldn't have bought him if I didn't want and or need him. No hurting him either." I hissed back. He nodded his head. Hades hooted in greeting. I yawned and pulled my trunk out and opened it. I pulled my wand out of my pocket and waved it, adding a slight flick of the wrist to the end. My clothes, books, new robes, quills, inkwells, shoes, and several other items that would be needed at school flew into my trunk and packed them neatly, even folding the clothes. I pulled a pair of pajamas, which happened to be on the top, from my trunk. I stripped quickly and pulled on the black and green plaid flannel bottoms on and then pulled on the black ribbed tank top bearing the words "Bad girls have all the fun," in green lettering. I folded the clothes I had just taken off and placed them on my desk chair to wear tomorrow, and then I fell into bed and snuggled into the warm black sheets and comforter. I fell asleep quickly with Draconis' warm body coiled next to me. That's it for chapter one. Please review and tell me if you think I should continue or not!