just a few minutes down the alley. Above the hair salon that Alicia works at." Theo turned them in the direction he was pointing and began walking. "I'll walk you home," he offered. Fleetingly, he thought about taking Justin's hand, but feeling this was a bit of a prat move he shoved his hands into his pockets instead. There was still a small possibility the night was not yet over. Perhaps Justin would invite him inside… "Um, they're probably home by now," Justin mumbled, as if he'd read Theo's mind. Theo shrugged but covered it up by saying, "I'm sure they'll be dying to hear where you've been." There was no way he had enough left in him to meet Alicia Spinnet and her girlfriend. He just wanted some sign that he would be seeing Justin again and that he hadn't completely bollocksed it up. "Yeah, I suppose," Justin said quietly. "Hopefully they are already in bed…" He trailed off, and Theo waited for him to continue the thought, perhaps adding a invitation to the end, but he never did. Digging deep for a bit of courage, Theo stepped in line with Justin and hooked him arm within the other boy's. Justin didn't look at him but Theo swore the sides of his mouth pulled up slightly. Too soon, they were in front of the shop. Justin pulled his arm out of Theo's and said, "This is mine." Theo glanced up to see lights on in the windows above the salon. He steeled himself and took a step towards Justin. "What are you doing next Friday?" he asked, not looking at Justin but pretending to be distracted by a group of giggling witches who were running down the street in the rain, not bothering to shield themselves. "I'm working," Justin said, sounding a bit disappointed. "I work every Friday and Saturday." Theo turned to look at him with curiosity. "Do you? What do you do?" "I'm a waiter." Theo chuckled, "Are you really?" Justin frowned. "Yeah, why is that funny?" Theo shrugged. "Usually that's the first thing someone asks on a date. They say 'So what do you do?' We managed to make it almost through the whole night without knowing what the other does for work." The statement hung in the air for a moment as realization flickered in Justin's eyes. Theo thought back to what he said and realized he had called their evening a date. Buggering bollocksing hell . "Oh, well, what do you do?" Justin said, his face once again impassive. There was no getting around it. Besides, Theo wasn't exactly ashamed of his work, it paid well and it was extremely easy. He just knew that Justin would be surprised. "I work for the post office." As expected, Justin laughed. "Really? The post office? Like the muggle post office?" Theo nodded, averting his eyes once again. It was difficult to think about anything except how he would end this conversation. "I really wish you would've told me that earlier. Now I have a million questions." Theo smirked. "Save them for next time. What nights do you have off?" "Um, this week I have off Tuesday and Wednesday." "So Tuesday then?" Theo asked casually. Justin nodded. "What did you want to do?" Theo shrugged. "It'll be a surprise. I'll pick you up here at 7." Justin simply said, "Ok," and looked away nervously. This was it. Either he needed to make a move or Justin was going to turn and walk inside and Theo would have to wait four whole days for another chance. Maybe in that time Justin would realize what a risk he was taking, even talking to Theodore Nott after everything he'd been through. Theo inhaled slowly through his nose and placed his hand on Justin's shoulder to get his attention. Justin's big brown eyes snapped back to meet his own and Theo was reminded of a nervous puppy. The thought made him smile and he exhaled the breath he was holding before leaning down and pressing his lips against Justin's. Justin didn't move. Theo began to second guess the entire evening as his lips sat expectantly against Justin's unmoving face. As he pulled away Justin caught his lower lip in between his slightly opened mouth and pressed against it. Theo felt every part of his body respond with triumphant pleasure but pulled away while he was still somewhat inconspicuously aroused. "Til then," he said, giving Justin a genuine smile before Disapparting. When Theo arrived at his flat he greeted Velouria happily before grabbing a record from his shelf and placing it delicately on the turntable. He then walked into the kitchen and poured himself a celebratory glass of wine. When he returned, Velouria flew over to to the table and picked up a small scroll before flying back towards him and dropping it in his hand. He turned the thing over for a moment before throwing it on the sofa. "Not now, Velouria," he said, taking a sip of his wine and singing along with the record in his deep baritone. Velouria squawked and ruffled her feathers before flying over to perch on his shoulder. Theo collapsed on the sofa and kicked off his shoes then gave Velouria a little scratch on her head. The raven flew down onto his knee and tapped her beak against his glass curiously. The song changed and Theo looked at the bird. "You know, he can play one of their songs on the guitar." A/N 2: If you are just stumbling upon my writing through this story and would like to read more about Theo or Justin, I'd recommend checking out Not That Kind Of Love, which is a Hogwarts-era collection about Theo and Daphne's friendship. And of course, Justin is featured in Casualities of War, which is a big endeavor, but which has special guest appearances by Theo here and there, both with Justin and with other characters too. Hope you enjoyed it! Please review!