him as he let go of her hand. "I'll catch up with you," he said. Ginny nodded and watched as he went over to speak with one of the girls who called to him. It was Alicia Spinnet, Ginny realized after a moment. Her skin was greyish and her hair looked to have been burned off on one side of her head. But even in her terrible condition, she beamed at Harry as he sat on her bed and held her hands. Ginny felt overwhelmed with love for her boyfriend. He had taken to this responsibility easily. Sure, sometimes he was worn out from having to grow up so fast and take on so much, but he had so much love for everyone that he never seemed resentful. She realized when Alicia and Harry looked over at her that she had been staring at them. They both gave her a smile which she returned, adding a little wave to Alicia, then she turned and entered the hospital. Ginny couldn't see any of the patients inside. All of the beds in the wing had been fitted with privacy curtains. She slowly walked down the aisle, looking at charts that hung on the outside of the curtains. Ginny paused when she saw a chart labeled "Brown, L". She peeked in at the bed and grimaced. Lavender was chalky white and covered in bandages on the right side of her face, neck and arm. Next to her bed were about twelve different bottles that held a variety of colored liquids. Different potions, Ginny thought. She felt a little sick looking at the bandages covering the sleeping girl, soaked through with potion and blood, but mostly Ginny just felt relief that Lavender was alive. She kept walking, looking for her brothers until she spotted the curly red hair and horn-rimmed glasses of Percy, who was exiting a curtain on the far left side of the room. He removed his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose, looking exhausted and a lot like their father. She approached him and he started at her presence. Like with Ron, embracing her caused him to burst into tears and like with Ron, she just rubbed his back and let him while her own eyes remained dry. When they broke apart she asked, "How is he?" Percy knew who 'he' was and shrugged. "The same. Though he did eat a bit, but only because I threatened to get Mum back here if he didn't." Ginny tried to laugh but could only force a small smile. Percy said, "I was just going to get some tea. Do you want anything?" Ginny shook her head and opened the curtain. George was picking dirt from his fingernails and didn't look up as she entered but said, "I'm fine, thanks," as if that had been his automatic response to anyone who approached his bed. Ginny suppressed an eye roll but instead replied sarcastically, "Like I care," putting her hands on her hips for effect. George's head shot up to look at her, his eyes wide. She saw the corner of his mouth twitch but he didn't manage a smile. Instead, he slumped back on his pile of pillows and said, "Hey, sis." She walked to his bed and looked him over. Other than being very filthy, he looked unharmed. Madam Pomfrey seemed to have already healed any superficial wounds he might have gotten. Ginny felt a little cross at his indifference to her presence, though she was pleasantly surprised she had gotten a reaction at all. She decided to push her luck. "Your limbs don't seem broken so are you going to get off your ass and hug me or do I have to hex you?" This time George did actually snort out a laugh. "Didn't you hear, sis? I'm 'mentally fragile'," he made little quotations with his fingers before letting his arms flop on either side of the bed. "Well they got the 'mental' part right," she replied, earning another little smile from her brother. Ginny refused to let George slip away. She would keep him on his toes, she would not baby him or seek information he wasn't ready to give. She would be the same person he had always known. George seemed to realize what she was doing and looked at her appreciatively. "C'mere," he said, holding his arms out to her. She put her knee up on his bed and came crashing down into his arms as he lay in bed. Instead of crying like his other brothers this had made him laugh. He relaxed his grip and she just lay in bed with him, her head on his chest. George stroked her hair for a few minutes before he spoke. "Aren't you going to ask how I'm holding up?" he said sarcastically. Ginny shook her head but didn't speak. She could feel tears forming in her eyes but she knew they still weren't for the right reason. She was feeling happy again and she didn't think she could explain it to George, of all people. A few minutes passed when Harry popped his head into the space. "Hey look," said George, "It's Undesirable Numero Uno!" He sounded much happier than Ginny had expected he would, based on the information Harry had given her before she got here. She looked over at Harry now and saw a dumbstruck look on his face from George's greeting. She shook her head at him almost imperceptibly to signal that he should not bring George down with any kind of sad nonsense. Thankfully Harry seemed to understand because he shot back, "I dunno, your sister there seems to find me pretty desirable." George raised his eyebrows at Ginny as if this was a shock. Then they all broke into laughter. Ginny felt relieved that her brother actually seemed to be doing ok but then she wondered if his initial breakdown wasn't his last. Perhaps this was just the eye of the storm.