sat on his bed in tears as he tried to recover from the heartbreaking song. But noooo. The musical had no time for grieving. An upbeat version of the music from "The Story of Tonight" began to play. Ron looked up at the computer in shock. "Wait! I'm n-not ready for happy music yet! I'm st-still crying!" (Welcome to musical pain Ron.) Laurens: I may not live to see our glory! "Curse you Laurens. I'm not ready to laugh and be happy yet. "Are they drunk again? It seems they always sing this song when they're drunk." "Burr, why are you here? No one wants you here. Please just take your emotionless self and leave." "Woah, wait. Burr has a girlfriend? Since when? Well at least he found some—Why can't you be with her? I see no….Oh, that's why." The song came to an end leading on to the next one. Burr: ….Theodosia writes me a letter every day. "So, what? WHat's the point of this Burr? Are you going to whine about this? Come on, can I skip th—" …. "Oh dear Merlin I love this song." Ron was silent, taking in this new information about Burr. Hey this guy sounds a bit like Harry. Both are orphans with big shoes to fill. Maybe I should ask him if he ever wants to talk about stuff. He must have a lot of pressure on him. Oh so now you care. his subconscious said sarcastically. What?! I've always cared! I just...didn't know. "This is just—Wow…." "Oh so that's why he doesn't like Hamilton…." Burr: Then I'm willing to— Wait for it…. Ensemble: Wait for it… Wait for it... Burr: Wait for it…. Ensemble: Wait for it…. Wait for it…. Wait for it…. Wait for it…. Wait for it…. Wait for it… Wait for it… Wait — "...I will never underestimate you ever again Burr." Then dramatic music began as the computer screen displayed the words "Stay Alive". Eliza: Stay Alive…. Eliza/Angelica/Ensemble: Stay Alive…. "Oh no, that doesn't sound good. I hope no one dies…." "No! Not the horses! Poor Mulligan must be miserable." "Yes, Washington. It's time to play rough!" "Hmm….seems like Hamilton will be spending a lot of time with Laurens…" "Aw poor Hamilton...I know you wanted to fight, but you're too important to lose." "What the….this Lee character is very odd. And a wimp apparently." "Okay Lee that's enough! Do you wanna fight mate? Cause I'm ready to go!" "Yes! Washington let him beat up Lee! Aww...wait Laurens is going to do it? Be careful mate. I don't want you to die. You're my second favourite in the revolutionary set." "Aw...that was cute Laurens. Oh… apparently that song "My Shot" had a double meaning. The song came to an end as some intense music started to play. Men: One, two three four— Ensemble: Five, six, seven, eight, nine! Burr/Hamilton/Laurens/Lee: It's the ten duel commandments! "Ooo, I like the style of this. Each number counts off a rule and if I'm correct a duel involves taking ten steps from each other before turning and taking a shot. Wait a minute….Take a shot...dueling...and Burr is going to shoot Hamilton...Are they connected?" ROn thought this over for a minute, pausing the "video" so he wouldn't miss anything. "Nah! That couldn't be it. That would be a horrible twist ending that would break the hearts of many fans. The writer can't be that cruel." Ron nodded at this, convinced that he was just being overdramatic. He touched the screen universal play button. (He only knows about the play and pause button because his dad once brought home a TV remote to evaluate.) "That's nice Hamilton is Laurens' second, but what's Burr doing here?" "Figures, Burr is trying to have peace and Hamilton wants to set a time and place." "Wait a minute, is this legal?!" "They sure do take this seriously…" "I wonder how many times the writer is going to rhyme sir, or other words for that matter, with Burr." "Well looks like the duel is still on." Men: One two three four— Ensemble: Five, six, seven, eight, nine— Hamilton/Burr: Number— Ensemble: Ten paces! Hamilton/Burr: Fire! *gunshot* "RON!" Said boy fell off his bed once more in surprise as his name was called. He quickly paused the "video" and closed the computer. "Yes?" "Come on mate! It's time for lunch!" the voice, Ron now recognized it as Harry, answered. "Okay! I'll be there in a minute!" Ron sighed as he turned to place the computer on his bedside table. "I guess I'll finish listening to you later. I hope Laurens made it…." he said aloud before walking into the common room. "What were you doing in there anyway?" Harry asked when Ron came into his view. Ron shrugged, "Nothing much. I was just listening to the Hamilton soundtrack." he said as they started walking out of the common room to the Great Hall. This caught Harry's attention as he began to jump in excitement. "Really! What song are you at?" "Uh, I think the next song was Meet Me Inside." "Oh okay." Harry looked a bit put out that his friend had only listened to 15 of the songs. "Well that means you've listened to My Shot right?" Harry asked smiling again at the thought. "Yeah, I have. That song was the best!" "I know right? Lin-Manuel Miranda is a genius!" Ron frowned confused. "Who's Lin-Man—Manny…? Whatever you said." Harry stopped in his tracks immediately look at Ron as if he just asked, "Who's Albus Dumbledore?" with his mouth open in shock. "Who's LIn-Manuel Miranda!?" Harry practically yelled. "I have so much to teach you." he said putting his arm around the clueless ginger as they entered the Great Hall. And cliffhanger 'cause I'm lazy! This was supposed to be a oneshot, but there are so many songs! So it'll be like a three shot or something. Okay I'm tired so I'm just gonna go… Please review, fav, or follow! ~PJOandHP4life