the spot in total shock. " Delphi, Delphi are you alright ? Delphi , say something ! " Nott was saying with panic and worry in his voice. Delphi felt herself being guided into a chair , she let Nott steer her limp , numb body and flopped down putting her head in her hands and beginning to sob. " Now Delphi stop being such a silly girl ! " Euphemia snapped. Delphi suddenly felt rage and hatred rushing through her body and raising her head she glared at the woman she had believed to be her Mother. Quick as a flash Delphi rushed towards Euphemia with her wand raised, all she could think was that she wanted to hurt her, punish her for lying to her all this time. Nott did not know what to do ! Delphi had lost control and he was afraid of what he was seeing. Without a second thought Delphi stood raised wand and shouted with more anger and hatred than she thought possible "Crucio!" Standing there with a stare of shock and fear and more than a little awe Nott looked upon his friend as she brought the woman to raised her to her knees. He opened his mouth to speak and found himself closing it just as quickly, this repeated a few times as he watched the woman on the floor shake and spasm while crying out in pain, so much pain. Delphi let her curse drop and found herself hunched over breathing raggedly trying to catch her breath as she recovered from the immense outpouring of magic she just managed. Trying to stand on incredibly shaky legs and failing time and again Euphemia sat there looking at the child she had raised and found herself laughing bitterly. "Seems like you have a fair bit of that woman in you after all. Now if you're quite finished we can talk about this calmly." Delphi grabbed Tobias' hand at that moment and said "only if Nott is allowed to come with me." "Very well then" Eumphemia said. They ended up in the parlor where her "mother" now had an elf bring her some tea. She was so nervous for this conversation. She knew as long as she had Tobias by her side she would be fine. The fire cracked loudly as the older witch motioned for the them to sit down. The familiar parlour appeared more unwelcoming than Delphi could have ever imagined, and the air ran cold. Her blood was still boiling from the recent revelations of her true bloodline, and she had squeezed Tobias's hand tighter than she had realized. It wasn't until his palm cupped their joined fingers that she relaxed. "N-Now then," Euphemia began, her voice still cracking from the after effects of the curse that shot through her. "What do you know of Bellatrix LeStrange, girl?" the woman's tone grew harder with every syllable, she was not about to bow down to the witch she raised, not yet anyway. Delphi flexed her jaw, and spoke between gritted teeth, "Only that she did much for the Dark Lord during his time on earth. Some called her mad," her eyes were narrowed in on the older witch in front of her, the mother turned stranger. "She was a Black before. And sister to Andromeda and Narcissa," Tobias added in a slightly calmed fashion. Euphemia nodded, as she had found her seat in her usual high backed chair closest to the fire. Her eyes went dark, and she shifted her gaze between the two before her. "Delphini, you had to have felt the uncontrollable surge of magical currents in your veins, child," she shifted in her chair and straightened her back, "I witnessed firsthand the power you carry inside you." Delphini's expression hardened and she set her focus to the floor. More than magic was running through her as her mind raced over the memories of the witch in question. She knew the reputation she had, what using any and all means to satisfy her Lord. She sighed, causing another squeeze of Tobias' hold. "Let's cut straight to the point shall we?" added a new voice, low and smooth. The man was met with three pairs of eyes, and Delphini found herself scrunching her face into a snarl at the stranger. "Your mother is Bellatrix Lestrange, yes, going back into the time of Tom Marvolo Riddle to create the weapon, a key, for his rise again." Euphemia stood sharply, standing in fists at the man. She opened to speak, but Delphi was quicker with her wand drawn. "And who are you? How do you know anything of my heritage?" The man released a laugh not dissimilar to a growl, and eyed the girl intently. His features softened ever slightly, and a smile brushed his lips. "You look so much like my Bella." he said calmly, causing a ripple of reactions to tear from Delphini's person. "Yes, Bellatrix was mine. She was my wife. And so devoted was she to the cause that she gave her very body to the Dark Lord himself. To create you, Delphini. To fulfill the prophecy." Silence washed over the room, causing the air to thicken and the tension unbearable. Delphini grabbed her stomach, and clenched her other hand on Tobias's arm. It was suddenly hard for her to breath and she coughed a breath. Tobias was there, assisting to hold her ground. When the wave of shock dissolved, she found strength in his gaze and she straightened again just as fast, standing straight with a malicious grin curling at the corners of her lips. If her mother gave everything for the cause, so shall she. For the prophecy, for revenge. It was the perfect gift she could offer. She tapped her wand against her temple, cocking her head to the side. With wild eyes she asked Rodolphus LeStrange, "Tell me more about this prophecy." and she bellowed a laugh not unfamiliar to the elder man's ears.