Maybe he's not a professor yet? he guessed. He hoped not. It would be fantastic to be shot of the greasy git, even if only until he and Fred returned to their own time. "Pineapple," Rosier said upon reaching a stone wall. It opened to reveal a grand room illuminated by greenish light. A window on the far end of the room looked out at the lake. Two merfolk swam past, and one of the first years gasped. Mulciber chuckled nastily, earning a glare from Rosier. Once everyone was inside, the opening in the stone wall closed. "Password changes every fortnight," Rosier said. "Do not share it with anyone outside Slytherin. I don't care if your girlfriend or baby brother wants to visit. You do not share the password. Got it?" There were nods from the assembled students. "Great. Professor Slughorn, our Head of House, will be at breakfast tomorrow with your schedules." Ha! Sounds like no Snape for potions! "Now off to bed, the lot of you. First years, through here." He turned to Mulciber. "Show Vassilyev our dorm, won't you?" Mulciber grunted but led George down the hall and through an open door, followed by two other boys. There were six beds in the room, and the two boys whose names George did not yet know each made their ways towards ones near the middle of the room. "That's mine," Mulciber said, pointing to the nearest bed. "Avery's, Wilkes'." The other two boys each nodded as Mulciber said their names. "That one's yours, I guess," Mulciber continued, pointing to a bed next to the trunk that Dumbledore had provided for him. "Rosier's, and," he wrinkled his nose in distaste, "Snape's." George choked. Snape? Professor Snape was going to be his roommate? Mulciber smirked, misinterpreting George's reaction. "I know. Filthy half-blood." He spat on the floor in the direction of Snape's bed. Wait, Snape's a half-blood? "Where is Snape, anyway?" Avery asked. "If he skipped the feast, shouldn't he be here?" Wilkes shrugged, yawning. "Showers, probably. You know what he's like at the start of term." At George's confused look, he added, "When Mulciber says 'filthy half-blood,' he means filthy . Snape's probably spent the whole feast in the shower, getting the grime off." "Wish he could get the grease off, too," Avery muttered. George's thoughts were reeling. The Slytherins don't like Snape? They always seemed to like him. Could that much have changed in eighteen years? The answer, apparently, was yes. George had just finished brushing his teeth and changing into his pajamas when what could only be the teenaged Severus Snape came into the dorm. They boy had the same distinctive, oversized hooked nose and limp black hair, which hung in curtains to hide most of his sallow face. But he moved with none of the adult's confidence. His rounded shoulders were hunched forward, and he kept his eyes down and averted from his dorm mates. His clothes were not the accustomed billowing black robes, but a threadbare school uniform that looked to have been poorly modified to fit someone taller and thinner than its original owner. "Snape," Rosier said in greeting. "We missed you at the feast." Mulciber grunted. Snape turned his head in his direction, but did not meet the muscular boy's eyes. This is the fearsome potions master? He turned back towards Rosier and shrugged. "Wasn't hungry." A heavy silence filled the room. "Right," Rosier said at last. "Well, glad you got a chance to clean up. Since you missed the feast, I guess you haven't heard about our new transfer students. This here," he nodded towards George, "is Gustav Vassilyev. He'll be joining out year." "Pleased to meet you," George said, extending a hand towards Snape. And isn't this surreal? Snape's eyes flicked towards George's outstretched hand warily, as if he was afraid that this was somehow a trap. Apparently satisfied, he took it. George barely hid a flicker of surprise at the evident callouses on the long, delicate-looking fingers. "Severus Snape," he said. It was same deep, rich voice that George remembered. "Transfer students, you said? Where are the others?" "My twin brother's in Gryffindor." "My condolences," Snape said. The other boys in the room chuckled. George frowned. "Well, I'm off to bed," George said, clapping Snape on the back. Merlin, wait until I tell this to Fred! To his surprise, Snape winced and staggered slightly at the contact. Turning back to his bed, George caught a brief flicker of disapproval on Rosier's face. A/N: Long author's note. Sorry! Dumbledore used legilimency just enough to confirm the twins' time travel story. He is actively trying not to learn too much about the future, for exactly the reasons he explains in this chapter. This does not necessarily contradict his actions in PoA, since he already knew that Buckbeak miraculously escaped before suggesting that Harry and Hermione rescue innocent lives. He was ensuring the continuity of the timeline he remembered, not trying to change the past. Fred and George only know what their characters knew as of the night before the champions' selection in GoF. They therefore know about the Marauders' Map and that Remus is a werewolf. However, they do not know about the Shrieking Shack incident, that Peter Pettigrew framed Sirius Black for the betrayal of the Potters, or that Snape was a Death Eater-turned-spy (in GoF, Sirius told Harry that despite hanging around future Death Eaters in school, Snape had never even been accused of being one himself. This suggests it was not common knowledge). Feodor Vassilyev was the husband of the woman credited to have borne the most children in history. No, Dumbledore did not mean this as a shot at Weasley fecundity (especially since, at this point, Molly and Arthur only have three children). But "Vassilyev" sounds vaguely like "Weasley," and from what the twins let slip, Dumbledore does know that they are related to that family. He simply figures that similar-sounding names are easier to remember. Please review!