making Draco lose his mind again. And Draco just laid back and took it all. He didn't have to do anything, he just laid there on his throne and allowed himself to be pleased. The fingers pulled out and were soon replaced by Harry's cock again, to Draco's absolute delight. He laid there and allowed himself to be taken. He allowed Harry to have him, have his body, have anything he fucking wanted because this man was a god in bed and Draco never wanted this to end. His mind could barely even comprehend it when Harry said that it was sexy that he was so flexible. And then his mouth was on Draco's nipple and he couldn't hold back a moan so high pitched it sounded like a scream. He tried to speak, but he was cut off by his own moans before he even started speaking. " I'm cumming! " he managed to shout before he lost control of himself and his muscles twitched as he came hard. It was blinding. His eyes shot wide open, trying to see past the white spots that formed in front of his eyes. He didn't know how long he came before he fell back against the softness and felt Harry slow down. " I'm so fucking close~ " Harry groaned next to his ear and Draco wrapped his tired arms tightly around his neck. " Don't you dare pull out. I want it inside. " " You want me to cum in you? " " Yes~ aaaah~ " He heard Harry groan loudly and after just a few more thrusts, Draco felt his insides getting filled up with a warm wetness. It felt dirty in the best possible way. He noticed Harry clenching the sheets so hard they could have ripped and biting his tongue to not scream out. Draco put his hand on his cheek to let him know it was okay and he let out a strangled cry before laying down carefully on Draco's chest. They were both sweaty, and sticky and exhausted, and they both had huge grins on their faces. After a few minutes of calming themselves, Harry pulled out and sighed in content. Draco was the first to speak. " That was… just.. " " Yeah. " Harry grinned and kissed him softly. This kiss was different. It wasn't a kiss of lust, or of need, this was a soft kiss. Draco happily kissed him back. Harry moved the pillows and laid him down properly in bed. " Do you want to go home? " Draco blinked and bit his lip. Did he? He usually went home right about now. But with Harry.. did he want to go home? " Do.. you want me to go? " " No, I want you to stay. " Draco couldn't help a grin. " And what if I do stay? " " I will give you cuddly messages until you fall asleep and wake you up with breakfast in bed tomorrow morning. " " And if I leave? " Harry pressed a kiss onto his forehead. " Then make sure you take my number first. " Draco giggled softly and wrapped his arms around Harry's neck. " I think I'll stay. " He was so happy to feel Harry grin against his skin and kiss his shoulder. Harry stroke his hair back and kissed his forehead. " Do you prefer to sleep on goose feathers or foam?" Draco grinned happily. He was being spoiled and he loved it. " your shoulder. " Harry wrapped him up tightly in his arms and cast a quick cleaning spell over them both. Draco sighed and cuddled into him. He wasn't quite sure why he was allowing himself to be cuddled, no one else ever got to hold him after sex, but Harry…. He had been so sweet to him the entire time, the sex had been incredible, and he was just so affectionate that Draco couldn't quite resist. Or maybe he was too tired and drunk to care. Harry's warm hands running softly over his back put him to sleep. A deep sleep without bad dreams, no bad history that prevented him from seeing Harry again. Just peace. Draco woke up to the smell of food. Toast? And eggs? And was that bacon? He opened his eyes and emidiatly flinched. Everything was so bright. His head hurt so bad… " I got a hangover potion right here. " A very soft voice told him. Draco remembered who he was with and trusted Harry to pour any potion into his mouth. He began feeling instantly better and the horrible headache subsided. He smiled and once again opened his eyes. Harry's eyes were glittering green, his hair was a complete mess, and he had on a light blue robe on. He had such a stupid smile. It was crooked and bright and way too happy. So why did Draco smile back? " I have some breakfast for you. I made a full English because I don't know what you like. " Draco sat up carefully and looked at the tray in his lap. There were waffles and berries and juice and eggs and bacon and marmalade and toast… " This is insane. " Draco mumbled but grinned at Harry. They both ate as much as they could, they kissed for a while, and then Harry watched with a frown as Draco got dressed. Harry walked him to the door and swallowed. " Will I get to see you again? " Harry asked and gently took Draco's hand. Draco looked into his pretty green eyes. They looked almost begging. " I don't do two-night-stands. Or booty calls. " Harry swallow and shook his head. " That's not what I meant… no, alright fine. " Draco wrapped his arms around Harry's neck and kissed him. " So you are gonna need to take me out first, yeah? " Harry grinned stupidly big and kissed him back.