her cheeks with the back of her hand, waking her up from the numbing spell. He watched her drawing her wand out and releasing her form the incarcerous. His ears filled with the low whistles from drunken throats, whispered cat-calls, chairs being dragged with anxiety. Bring the blood-traitor…! , a voice resonated above the rest. His silver eyes searched around the place once more, but it was useless, his wand was gone, not even his most powerful wordless magic could sense it. He was trapped. " So where does the greater guilt lie, for a passion that should not be..? ", he stranger recited next to him. Draco folowed his hooded eyes and saw Pansy kissing the redhaired softly in the lips. His insides burned to ashes and mis muscles spasmed once more. "… With the man who pleads out of baseness, or the woman debased by his plea? ", the man continued, watching both girls approaching them. Pansy seemed so fierce, almost out of herself with her wand drawed high, pointing at the Weasley girl in the head, guiding her to their table. Her lips were curled in a sneer with tainted red teeth and eyes flashing with hunger; a twisted image so clear in the dim light, it made him shiver violently. "What do you say, should we leave these two alone?". Pansy asked the stranger, bringing the redhead closer to him. Weasley was with her eyes closed, placidly dreamwalking next to the brunette, whose smile had not faltered, on the contrary, it had become a grimace beyond any empathy towards her sleepy prisoner. The man chuckled, staring at the younger girl from head to toe for a moment, and then stood in such a feline way that Draco was reminded of a hungry predator trying to decide wether giving its victim a quick death or an endless agony before eating it. Pansy was caressing the carmine locks, looking at them intently as if hipnotized by their savage nature, oblivious to the sudden change in energies… a magnetic hum vibrating in the obscure chamber, like rollling drums in a long crescendo. The air became so heavy to breathe, the clouds of dark smoke slowly entered his lungs, his veins... numbing his extremities from the inside out. Weasley started panting, as if trying to wake up from a nightmare. Her cheeks were turning red, she was biting her lip and curling her hands, grasping something invisible and twisting it in the air. Her lips parted as she gasped, defenseless. "Do you like what you see, Draco Lucius?" The man had infinite tunnels for eyes, and there was nothing that could be done to escape their pulling gravity. Pansy walked the two short steps towards him. Between her thumb and ring finger hanged a small glass filled with glowing blood. "A peace offering", she muttered, her ebony eyes trying to break through the blond's mercury orbs. The liquid formed thick circular waves with every vibration, with every delicious whimper form Weasley's lips. Draco was shivering violently, not sure if that burning ache climbing vertebrae by vertebrae was made of ice crystals or lava. "I'm not taking it", his voice was so pathetic, so weak. His fingers curled around the glass even though he fought with all his might. A thousand ants were creeping all around his skin, biting his fingertips, burying their heads under his nails. The glass was raised. No. Oh, how wrong he had been. He was the victim, and the Weasley girl had been his bait. The man raised his eyebrows, amused by Draco's lack of selfcontrol, and grinned wide in delight when the blond opened his lips and drank the metallic liquid till the last drop. ¡NO! The man chuckled and the whole place resonated with him, the humming growing louder and louder. "Why, we are all one big, happy family, aren't we?", Draco heard before closing his eyes as violent shockwaves opened deep cracks all over his insides. That was it: the curse. It was invading his system, carving small tunnels on his bones, spreading like maggots through rotten flesh, mixing with the alcohol and showing him a rolling world made of shapeless colors. The divine death, made of warmth, and comfort and delicious pain. Words suddenly became murmurs, and the sound of rustling leaves filled the place, and the smell of cold, earthy wind penetrated his nostrils. Oh, and how sweet it was. Broken sunrays penetraded trough his eyelashes, blinding him with intermitent light. But every time his eyes could focus, the only thing he saw was red. Red as his blood running frantically to his groin, red as fire strings caressing his cheekbones, as trembling lips gasping his name over, and over again. Her fleckles like sparks deliciously burning his skin. Her perfume invading his senses, her breath the only air he wanted to breathe. The only thing he knew, the only thought his brain could process at that moment, was the pulsating need to feel . To feel the violence of tongues tangling and teeth biting, fingers squeezing and sratching and hurting, and hateful words being muttered in the sweetest language… The world turned to darkness. Everything ceased to exist, along with his mind... his body. All that was left was made of sensations, of her straddling him, sweet prisoner of his hungry desire, losing herself in his essence... He didn't care. He couldn't have cared less. Chapter end notes: # The first scene describing Ginny is inspired by a scene in Serebro's "ПЕРЕПУТАЛА" music video. # Crotallus Magallanicus is a ficticious scientific name. There are no snakes in the Magallanic Region. # "So where does the greater guilt lie, / for a passion that should not be: / w ith the man who pleads out of baseness, / or the woman debased by his plea?" - verses from Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz' "You men (Necios hombres que acusáis)" That's it for now. Let me know what you think! Hugs!