Draco mused. It was odd. Someone with brains like Granger should have realized that she was too good for someone like Weasley. She was incredibly smart (something he resented in school), she was… well, she was attractive (something he tried hard to ignore in school), and she was… good, pure, brave, and kind (something he was not). Hermione shot him a glare before taking her drink down like a shot. " Merlin, Granger," Draco rolled his eyes, breaking out of his somewhat unexpected thoughts. "I'm not about to clean up after you when you vomit all that back up." " Charming," Hermione mumbled. "Draco?" Draco snapped back to the Hermione in his arms, looking up at him curiously. "What's on your mind?" "Just that night." "I can barely remember anything that night," Hermione laughed softly. "But I remember how much of a gentleman you were." "I should have received a bloody medal for cleaning up after you and for resisting your terribly improper advances with your wet dress clinging to this—" Draco grabbed her waist and pulled her tighter against him. "Amazing body." "I still don't believe I made an advances of any kind," Hermione faked a frown. "I'm almost certain of it. Besides," she grinned up at him. "After that ball you suddenly became attractive to every witch. That was a nightmare for me." "Well," Draco smirked. "Being a complete gentleman and escorting the esteemed and completely pissed Hermione Granger did help my image, so thank you for that." "Oh, shut it," Hermione scowled. "If you liked me then, why didn't you say anything? Were you purposely flaunting your seemingly endless amount of dates to make me jealous?" "Maybe," Draco allowed a small smirk to form at the corner of his mouth. "But it worked, didn't it?" "I would hardly say it worked," Hermione scoffed. "If I remember correctly, you were the one who became a jealous arse and ruined my date with Oliver." "Hm," Draco gently tugged on a strand of her hair. "I don't recall this." "How convenient," Hermione replied sarcastically. "I do remember," Draco placed a soft kiss by her ear. "Apologizing for being a complete arse. Brought you a cup of coffee and everything the next morning." "Mm," Hermione hummed happily. "That was a good cup of coffee." She closed her eyes and sighed again as Draco smiled, running his hands up and down her back. "You know," she said so quietly, Draco wasn't completely sure she was speaking. "I remember you rejecting me that night. As drunk as I was, it did hurt a bit." Draco stopped his hand movements and looked down at her, her eyes still closed. "I had no idea," Draco started slowly. "But, regardless, it would have been wrong of me to take advantage." "I know," Hermione exhaled deeply. "It was just… I've never really put myself out there like that. The alcohol certainly did help." "Hermione," Draco slowly drew his arms away from Hermione's waist before sitting himself up against the headboard. He looked down at her for a moment before continuing. "You have to understand… that I didn't think it possible that you would want to be with me. A night of drunken sex, sure, I can understand acting on impulse and impaired judgment, but I never really thought you would ever see me as a… stable… option." Hermione leaned on her elbow and looked up at Draco, their eyes locked once again. "I thought you rejected me because you still felt that I was inferior to you," Hermione sighed and sat up to face him. "I can't even properly remember the conversation we had that night at the ball, but I remember you telling me I could do better, but apparently not as good as you." "Why on earth would I be good enough for you?" "Good enough?" Hermione shook her head. "Draco, before, when you were a snot-nosed little brat—" "Thanks for that." "I never thought of you being too good for me. Honestly, I thought we were just on two totally different planes of existence. It did not even cross my mind that we could ever get involved." "Then what changed?" Draco asked quietly. "I know how hard it is to admit to being wrong," Hermione replied just as softly. "Don't mistake it for sympathy or pity, Draco. The fact that you were strong enough to admit that you were wrong about something you believed your whole life was right… it actually made me see you in an entirely different light. You were no longer on a different place of existence, and I wanted to know you on a more intimate level. After you rejected me, you just seemed out of reach." "If anyone seemed out of reach, Granger , it would be you," Draco smiled, lightly rolling his eyes. "With you not only being part of the Golden Trio, but the only one who kept Potter and Weasley from dying. Multiple times." "So," Hermione grinned. "We were both just being unnecessarily insecure?" "It would seem so, yes," Draco replied, amused, as Hermione turned to the table to reach for the coffee. "I hope you know," Hermione looked over at Draco over her cup. "I'm never letting you go. Not when you make such amazing coffee." "I hope you know," Draco reached over to take the cup out of Hermione's hands, setting it back on the table as she frowned. "That I plan on starting a family with you, growing old with you, and haunting the shit out of our house with you after we die." "How romantic," Hermione smirked. "I'm going to ask you to marry me one day," Draco hovered over her lips and she bit her lower lip in anticipation, her eyes locked on to his. "And I'll say yes," she whispered against his lips before he closed the space between them, stealing the word 'yes' from her breath while his hands tangled in her hair, her arms wrapped around his neck.