party. She was sitting on her father's lap as he read her a child's mystery story, her eyes focused on the pretty blue night light across the room. She was decorating a Christmas tree with her mother. She stood in Ollivander's shop as her first spell sent shadows fleeing. Smaller lights, a thousand spells, the shine of wards, of eyes, of stars filled her head as pain numbed and the mocking laughter faded further into the distance. Then there was a new place and no time to run back and say goodbye to the old, not if she wanted to leave the dungeons. She did. She'd never belonged there. She couldn't stay. Elaine was gone. On Elaine's fourteenth birthday, back in October before anyone knew that it would be her last, she and her friends gathered together behind Winston's portrait for a party. There'd been a death notice at breakfast, and the day had felt heavy as a fresh wave of fear crashed over a certain portion of the student body. Elaine had expected that her party would be canceled or that they'd have to do it on a different day. She'd gotten letters from her parents by way of the school owl she'd sent to them a few days before. She was content. She wasn't, not really. They'd killed a man and his muggle fiancée at a dinner celebrating their engagement. The papers had brought the story as surely as the note to his younger brother had. There was no contentment to be found when things like that were happening, but she'd fairly well accepted her life as it was. So she was understandably confused when she stood at the end of dinner - expecting Pepper to lead the way to Gryffindor tower - and was instead marched over to stand in front of Winston. "Pepper," Elaine sighed. "There was a notice. We can't-" "Did Razi hint that it wouldn't be safe?" Pepper asked. "No, but you know just as well as I do what they'll be like tonight," Elaine said, "all smug and terrible." "So it's better if everyone is off by themselves and not together behind Winston?" Pepper asked. "They will be later, when it's time to leave," Elaine replied. "Not if we're careful." "Pepper," Elaine groaned. Elaine moved to continue to argue but then she realized that she could hear people on the other side of the portrait. Her friends were already gathered. She felt tired suddenly, and frustrated. She'd worked so hard to help make them safer and less alone, and they were risking everything over a birthday party. Then it hit her, she'd worked so hard to make herself safer and less alone, but how many times had she put herself at risk to broaden her circle, to help other students find what she'd built? Besides- "It's not because we're loud," Elaine murmured to herself. Pepper heard, and nodded before speaking to Winston. The portrait moved, allowing them inside. Elaine looked around at her friends, packed into the too small room that had been decorated with a banner and floating streamers. They saw the expression on her face and waited for some sign of how to proceed. Any day, any one of them could tell the aspiring death eaters where their group would be gathered or where their members might be alone. Any day, they could be followed or tricked. Every moment of this life and these friendships was a risk. For the moment though, they were together. Razi and Alyssa were sitting at the table with Matt and Robin. Vanessa was there, and a couple of other first years. Tasha was there. With so many students, with so much defensive knowledge, they were safe, and they wanted to celebrate her birthday. Elaine relented. She smiled and the entire room seemed to sigh in relief. "You guys are all amazing," she said. "Thank you so much for doing this and being here." There was a loud stumbling shout of "happy birthday" from the crowd and she was ushered forward. A cake appeared on the table and Elaine guessed that someone had hidden it using a spell. As she drew closer she realized that the books on the shelves had been replaced by presents, more than there were guests at the party. "Thank you," Elaine said again. "I'll never forget this." Inside of seven hours, all of the party goers were back in their dorms; as safe as they ever were. In seven days, the pictures from the party were developed and spread around. (Elaine's favorite was one with herself, Pepper, and an odd lens flare that was probably intended to be Razi at the time.) In seven weeks, Elaine was at home with her mother and father; making plans to meet up with the Levines and the Greens for New Year's. Seven months from that day, Elaine Walker died. Her body was discovered by Razi Levine and Matthew Ellison and then sent home, to be buried in a small but well attended funeral seven days later. Her story might have ended there, but it didn't. Seven years later, an old family friend of the Walkers noticed Elaine's young twin siblings levitating toys at each other. Having been there, all those years ago, looking through the shop window as her best friend received her first wand, Pepper sat down and told them a story about their sister who'd lived and died before they were born. At the end of it, she took one of each of their hands, wrapped them around her own wand, and said " lumos ". When she took her hand away, the light remained. She called out for Lucy and Allen Walker. She used a phone to call Razi. One by one, they all gathered and saw, and cried, but the light remained. It grew, and changed colors. It did not dim until Pepper took her wand back. Even then, it lingered in the children's eyes, different, but just as bright.