to widen. "Do you mind?" "Not at all." She answered and then took a sip of her drink. Later, when the sun started to go down James put some music and asked Lily to dance. Sirius and Mary joined them and so did other couples. Remus took his chanced and asked Tonks: "Would you like to dance?" "Oh, I'd love too. But watch your feet, I'm dead clumsy." "I'll take the risk if you don't mind." "I don't." Tonks answered almost shyly. They were outside, surrounding by other people dancing, and lights levitating around. The first songs where pop songs and they had fun; he made her twirls and catch her every time she'd trip on her own feet. After several songs, Remus held her hand and had his other hand on her waist. She was close to him, her other hand on his shoulder. "So now, would you please do me the favour of telling me your name?" "You won't repeat?" She asked quietly. "I won't." "You won't laugh, either?" "I won't." Remus said chuckling and he waited for her to finally say it. "Nymphadora. My name's Nymphadora. And I don't want you to call me by my full name." She said quietly. "That's a lovely name." "Lovely, are you kidding me?" "No, it's a lovely name." Remus repeated and she just shook her head. Then, she rested her head on his shoulder, in his neck. Remus stroked her fingers lightly and she didn't seem to mind. The songs kept playing and they kept dancing. She even responded to his stroking her fingers, by doing the same and during the next song, she even entwined her fingers with his. Remus was surprised at first, they had known each other for a day and an evening but it seemed like so much more. "You fancy a walk, Remus?" She asked when the music was too – for them to continue dancing so slowly. "Yes, it's a good idea." Remus said. They walked outside of the backyard. There was a little path between meadows and they followed it. James and Lily had made lights levitate even there. "You didn't walk on my feet that much." "I'm sorry again, for the times I did." She said laughing lightly. "It's fine, really, it actually made it only funnier." "You're a nice man, Remus." "Am I?" "Yes, you are." "You know, we could see each other again someday. Have a coffee or something.." "I'd love to, Nymphadora." "Don't call me Nymphadora, Remus!" She said, punching his arm playfully. "Sorry, I won't do it again. But, just for your information, I'm more of a hot chocolate drinker than of a coffee drinker." "Me too, except in the morning, I like a coffee to wake me up." "Same for me." Remus said with a smile. Tonks reached for his hand, and he let her entwine her fingers with his. "You think we should go back to the party?" "I don't know, I'm fine here." Tonks said gesturing around them. "Yeah, me too." Remus said looking at her and though it was dark, he could see her blush. They sat on the edge of the little path. Remus had bent his legs and rested his elbows on his knees. Tonks had bent her legs too and drew them against her chest. She looked at Remus, he looked back laughing he noticed she was biting her lips. He pushed her lightly and playfully and she rested her head on his shoulder. "I'm glad I met you, Remus." She said quietly. "I'm glad I met you, Nymphadora." "I'll pretend you're very tired and you didn't really want to call me Nymphadora, and I won't hex you." "Very generous of you, Nymphadora." He said and they looked at the people having fun, far away, in the back yard of the Potter. "Be careful! I'd do it you know!" She said laughing, removing her head from his shoulder to look at him. "Oh yeah, and what exactly would you do?" "I'd –" Nymphadora was cut and she laughed madly. "Because I know I 'd tickle you!" he said, tickling her on her side and she fell on her back so he was on top of her. He stopped and looked at her; she was breathing heavily and looking back at him smiling. Remus bent down and kissed the tip of her nose. Maybe he was a bit tipsy, maybe they both were and that's why they found it even easier to get so close. She chuckled and she placed the palm of her hand on his cheek. He hesitated but eventually he kissed her hand. He leaned closer again and kissed her on the forehead. Then, he lay next to her, on the cold floor. Remus took her hand again and they watch the sky. Tonks laughed, Remus turned to look at her wondering why she was laughing alone. "I don't know why people look at the sky. There's nothing right now, just some stars and I don't know anything about them. And I don't think they know anything about me either." "I can't say I listened much in Astronomy class so I don't know them either." Remus said. Tonks turned to look at him as he spoke. "And the only one who knows about me is the Moon and I don't like her very much." "I like you very much." Tonks said. Hey! I hope you liked it! Don't hesitate to tell me what you think of it. There's still two or three chapters to come. It's gonna be a short one but I wanted to write another one. I wrote this one because I like to think that if Remus's friends had survived, he would have still meant Tonks and fell in love with her. And well, she would have fall in love with him too. Don't hesitate to review to tell me what you think of it! :D I'm also writing The Bright Pink Sun In The Sky.