against his scarred chest that he suddenly felt so conscious about and pushed him to lay back into the bed. "It's okay," she said with a smile, "you don't have to get up, I'll see myself out." The smile stayed on her face as she caressed his hair with her hand and he was even more conscious of the grease that he knew was there. He tried to glare at her, to tell her to stop and just leave, leave like everyone else had; but he didn't. He tried, but he couldn't. Hermione bent her head to kiss him and was surprised when he plunged his hands into her rat's nest and plundered her mouth with his tongue. His mouth was wet and warm and, Christ, the man could kiss. Hermione sighed into his mouth and slowly gentled the kiss until she was backing away. "Thank you for last night. I'll see you on Friday, yeah?" He couldn't speak so he just nodded. She didn't even know how much she was hurting him in that moment. Hermione smiled at him and kissed him once more before standing up from the bed and spinning on her heel. Severus was a second away from telling her that she couldn't apparate through his wards but then she was gone. Drunk Severus obviously thought it would be an excellent idea to add her to his wards. "Fuck!" He flopped down into his bed that now smelled of sex and almond shampoo and continued to curse. Of course she had thought it was just casual; she was young! But Severus had woken up with his arms full of young, supple flesh and the next thing he knew he was having sex with an energetic beautiful woman and he never wanted it to end. His old, obsessing heart had latched onto her affection like a leech and hoped to never let go. He thought back to the days when he would follow Lily around and carry her books. The little voice in his head reminded him that Lily never had sex with him or called him beautiful or wanted to touch his hair but he did his level best to ignore it. He had other problems; like how soon he was going to burn these sheets to ash. "Tell me everything." Ginny sat at their usual table in a small coffee shop called Olympus and she was reading the Daily Prophet with more interest than Hermione had seen in a long while. "About what?" the brown haired witch asked as she beckoned for a waiter to bring her whatever Ginny was having. "About this!" Ginny shouted and waved the newspaper under Hermione's nose. Hermione sighed and took the gossip rag from her friend only to feel her blood run cold as she looked at the front page in shock. It was her. Her and Severus; they were sitting at that table in the bar last night. Hermione watched as Severus smoothly took her glass from her hand and slid next to her to kiss her soundly. The picture clearly showed that this was their first kiss of the night as the Hermione in the picture stayed with her eyes open in shock for a second before she closed them and visibly melted against the wizard. His hair was tied back but there was no mistaking that it was Severus Snape and Hermione Granger kissing vigorously on the front page of the Prophet. She gasped and looked at the headline in shock; 'Snapped with Snape.' There were more pictures on page five apparently. Hermione nearly fainted as she saw two more pictures of herself and Severus in varying states of arousal and drunkenness. There was an awful picture of her stumbling into his chest and reaching blindly to his face for a sloppy kiss. It was very unattractive and Hermione groaned. "I can explain," she said in small voice as Ginny raised her eyebrows. "Merlin's balls" Ginny exclaimed after Hermione told her everything. "So you shagged him this morning as well? How was it?" "Amazing," Hermione said guiltily. "The best sex I've ever had considering the only other person I've been with is Ron and you remember how well that turned out!" "Did you- you know?" "Three times." "Shut the front door! Snape made you come three times when he was pissed out of his mind!?" Ginny's jaw dropped in shock as she stared at Hermione. "Well technically it was once last night and twice this morning." Hermione dropped her head into her hands and prayed to be swallowed by a hole. How was she going to explain this to Minerva? Had he seen the paper yet? "I must admit, I'm impressed. To be fair, he was looking well last night. Oh my Merlin I completely forgot about your date with Rick!" "Fuck my life," Hermione mumbled through her fingers. "It was just as horrible as the first except this time I only had a glass of red and got all dressed up for nothing." "Not for nothing, Snape seemed to like it," Ginny snickered. "Yeah, well, the meathead Auror was more interested in trying to get quidditch scores." "There must be something you liked about him; he can't be a total idiot if Minerva hired him and you went out with him twice!" "Only because I wanted a shag! My God that makes me sound so callous and shallow but I'm really just not looking for something serious at the moment. That's why Severus was just so perfect; it was just a one night, casual thing." Ginny frowned in thought and gestured at the paper, "does the Professor know that though?" "Of course he does," Hermione said quickly. She remembered when his face changed after she told him she was leaving and how desperate his kisses were after. "He does," she said again, more unsure this time, "doesn't he?" Ginny shrugged and sipped at her tea. "I would say that if he didn't, he does now."