back to Hogwarts this year and take a Muggle Studies class. "Anyway," he continued, ignoring Ron's amused reaction, "Dean set up the cameras to keep an eye on his dog when no one is home. The dog has access to the backyard through the pet door, and when the door opens, the camera is activated and Dean gets a notification so he can take a look. "Well, he saw something rather interesting. Something was going through the door all right, but it wasn't Sparkles." Ron snorted. "He has a six year old, mind you," Harry said. "Anyway, it was a fox! A fox was entering through the door. Dean was worried about Sparkles so he ran off for home. He ran into MacMillan on the way and grabbed him in case he needed help with the fox. They apparated straight over." "So where does Andrews come in? Was he in the house when Dean and Earnie showed up?" "That's what we're trying to figure out," said Harry, moving the bag back to his other hand. "When they got there, the dog was frozen with the Petrificus charm, and the fox was in the living room. There was a brown bag on its back, which looked full, and the fox was holding a tiara in its mouth. When it saw them, it dropped the tiara and hightailed it out of there, right through the pet door and over the fence." "So Andrews is using foxes? Or what was it?" "Well that's the question, isn't it?" Harry said. "They chased after the fox and there was no sign of it. But five blocks away they saw a half naked man dart out of an alley. He was holding the same bag the fox had had on. They tackled him and he tried to Disapparate but MacMillan just managed to grab hold of his arm. They found several items stolen from the Thomas house in the bag, of course." Ron whistled. "So, what, he's an unregistered Animagus? I don't imagine he's on the registry." "Well, no," said Harry, pondering his answer. "We performed the Animagus Force Spell on him but he never turned into a Fox. There's no other way for a human to become a complete animal. Not unless someone else transfigures them, and this would have to be someone incredibly skilled since this isn't something the average wizard can do. But regardless he would have needed a partner to transform him back, and we found no one else in the surrounding area. And if he had had a partner, surely they would have escaped together. It was all very peculiar. Andrews denies everything, of course. " "So what does he say happened?" "Apparently he was jogging and he found the bag on the ground. He tried to Disapparate because he was scared of Thomas and MacMillan running after him." "Can't you just Veritaserum him?" Ron wondered. "No can do, mate," Harry replied. "The use of truth potions is strictly controlled, and anything he says under its influence would have to be thrown out from the case. It could even invalidate his whole testimony if we bring him to the Wizengamot. He is our only suspect after all. "And so far, we've got nothing. We even got a warrant to confiscate his wand and there is nothing suspicious on it. He hasn't been casting any transfiguration charms. We had to let him go. At least the Thomas family got their property back." "So Hermione," Ron began but Harry cut him off. "Hermione, is convinced he's hiding something, yes. But you already know what she's trying to prove. The Potions Lab vetoed the idea and I think this one might be too much even for our Hermione." "Don't tell me you're losing faith in her abilities?" "Of course not," sighed Harry. "But Ron come on. Do you really think this kid Andrews can do something our Hermione can't figure out? He's barely out of Hogwarts. And he didn't exactly get twelve outstanding NEWTS." "I dunno," Ron shrugged. "But if Hermione says she can do it, I suspect all she needs is time." Harry shrugged and pushed the door to the garden open. Together, they walked out into the night to collect their families. It was late at night. Very late. Everyone else was long gone. They had dropped the kids off at King's Cross that morning and there was nothing to stop Hermione from staying at the office all night. They were probably having their start of term feast right now. Or maybe they had long finished it, she really couldn't be sure. She had lost track of time hours ago. But how could she blame herself? What she was doing here was just as exciting as the start of any new year at Hogwarts could ever be. She took a deep breath and picked up a tumbler of potion. It was glowing with a soft golden glow and bubbling softly. She raised it halfway to her lips, paused, and then drank it quickly before she could change her mind. It tasted like the sun. It was a minute before a nostalgic burning feeling erupted in her stomach. But this time, it enveloped her gently, like an old friend. It coursed through her, and she embraced it with an open heart. After a minute's pause, a cat was standing where Hermione had stood. The cat paused, looked around, and then turned back into a human. There was no fur on her hands time. A cursory glance in the mirror revealed that her eyes did not glow yellow. They were an ordinary human brown. Hermione smiled. She turned back into the cat. Tomorrow, there were many things for her to do. Tomorrow, she could revel in her achievement. Tomorrow, she could write up her guide to the animal transfiguration potion she had created. And tomorrow, she could have Andrews brought in again and question him thoroughly. But tonight? Tonight was for exploring. Please review