and he explained the truth to us, with the help of Remus who joined us a while later. They turned Peter back into his human form and we tied him up with the intention of handing him in and clearing Sirius' name. But it was the full moon, and whilst we were all distracted by Remus changing into his wolf form, Peter escaped, in his rat form again. We managed to help Sirius escape from getting the Dementors' Kiss but he was on the run, and his life hadn't been particularly great after that. Remus resigned because people found out about his lycanthropy. And Peter went back to his master. I can show you the memory some time if you want me to." "You were outside, with a werewolf?" "Yes. He had forgotten to take his potion, but we were okay." "Potion?" "Yes. At some point, I don't know when, someone invents a wolfsbane potion that allows a werewolf to keep their mind during their night as a wolf. So, that way they won't hurt anyone. In the file that I brought with me there is the recipe for it so that we can make it and give it to Remus. As you saw in the memory. He must take it once a day for a week before the night of the full moon." "I'm sure Professor Slughorn will be able to make it for him. He is a very good potions master. You said Remus was the best teacher you had had for Defence. What other teachers did you have?" "Well, first year we had Professor Quirrell who was shy, kept stuttering and had Lord Voldemort on the back of his head. He was also trying to kill Harry and steal the Philosophers' Stone. Then we had Professor Lockhart, who was a fraud. Then we had Remus who knew what he was doing. Then we had who was meant to be Alastor Moody but was a Death Eater drinking Polyjuice potion to impersonate him, and was working to get Harry to go to Voldemort and therefore helping Voldemort return to power. He also showed us the three unforgivable curses, on spiders, put us all under the imperious curse in lessons to teach us to not let them influence us, and had a hand in the murder of a student who was murdered by Peter just before the return of Voldemort." "Sounds like you've had some tough years at the school." "Yes, but there's been good times too." "What's your plan with the Marauders?" "I don't know. I think the first thing I need to work on is befriending them. Maybe I could help them with some pranks. Remus and Sirius told me how they did some of them so I might be able to help. And I know a thing or two from my friend Ron's twin brothers who were the pranksters of Hogwarts during the time I was from. So, I know some stuff which might make them like me. You don't mind, do you?" "No. You do what you need to do. They're bright people and I don't want them to have the future that they do in your old timeline. So, you do whatever you need to do to help them." "Thank you." Hermione said before yawning. "Do you want me to transfigure your clothes so you can get some sleep?" Minerva asked the girl kindly. "Yes, please." "Okay." Minerva drew her wand out of her dress pocket and pointed it at the girl, silently transfiguring the clothes she wore into a white nighty that came to her knees. She then stood up and Hermione climbed under the thin sheet, laying down on the comfortable mattress. "Goodnight, Hermione." "Goodnight." Hermione said before drifting off to sleep. Minerva smiled at the sleeping girl before leaving the room. She found her husband sitting on the sofa and she went to sit next to him, cuddling into his side. "Is she asleep?" Albus asked. "Yes… Everything's going to be alright, isn't it?" "We have a way of killing Voldemort now. A way we didn't have before. So, yes, we're going to be okay. Everything is going to be okay." "She told me about the Marauders' future." "Really? What happened to them?" She told her husband what Hermione had told her. He was as shocked as she was. "I hope things don't turn out like that." She said when she had finished her story. "They won't. Hermione seems like a smart girl. She knows what she's doing. And we know what we have to do to destroy Voldemort now, we just need to find the Horcruxes, destroy them, and then we can kill him and he will be gone forever. Then we can live our lives in peace." "Unless another Dark Wizard comes along." "Another Dark Wizard might not come along, though. But we will figure that out if and when that happens. Right now we know what we have to do to save the future as Hermione knows it. We have the opportunity to save many lives. Then we can add to our family." "We have a daughter." Minerva said, smiling. "That we do. And when the war is over we can have other sons and daughters." He replied, also smiling. "Do you think she's ever going to call us 'mum' and 'dad'?" "Maybe, we just need to give her some time to get over the fact that she's from the future and won't be able to see her true parents again. She needs to figure out what is going on now, then she might." "I love you, Albus." "I love you, too, Minerva." Hey, so this is the first chapter of my new story. I finished the chapter a while ago but thought I would wait to add it. Now I can't wait to add it because I want to write more for it. Hope you enjoyed the chapter. I will update again when I can. Please review!