to break you was actually keeping you together. Or maybe it was just these kinds of hugs that were that way? He really didn't know. He had never experienced a hug before – at least not one made from compassion. "Talk to me please ! Let me help you!" the emotions were almost visible in Harry's voice. Draco felt his body shudder, but his brain kept saying: Do it! What have you got to lose. Let him help you! Silently Draco cursed his brain for telling him these things. Since this night was so crazy already, Draco thought he might convince himself that it was a dream, and in dreams you can tell someone anything, because it's just a dream. He found that the warmth seeping into him was almost enough to make him high on life, so he decided that Dark Lords and other dangerous people could dive into Merlin's bearded arse for all he cared. He wanted this warmth, and a way of keeping it closer was to tell the Gryffindor everything, so he did. Through his tale of suffering and death he thought he felt Harry's hands at the base of his skull gently running through the hair there. Draco himself kept his arms firmly around the other man's waist. He wouldn't let him get farther away from his body. That it prevented Harry from looking at while he spoke was merely a side bonus. When Draco was done, he could hear his voice had become rather rough, and he even had to clear his throat a couple of times – of course that had nothing to do with the moist gathering in his eyes. Draco could feel Harry's hands moving from his neck to his cheeks. The thumbs on said hands were moving along his cheekbones to remove what was left of his tears. "Please look at me Draco" Harry's soft voice was leaving a ghost of a sweet breath across Draco's face. He looked up into the blazing green eyes and felt himself get lost in them. "It's going to be okay now! I got you, and I won't let anything happen to you alright?" All Draco could do was just to numbly nod his head. For some strange reason, he really did believe the words Harry said. Then Draco was shocked at the Golden Boy's next move. Before Draco could even think about what was supposed to happen next, he felt firm, yet soft and oh so warm lips descend on his own. At first his mind was completely blank and he couldn't understand what was happening. He's kissing you, you daft boy his oh so helpful mind told him, and for a moment Draco didn't know what to do with that information. Then Draco felt it. The warmth had fully enclosed him, and for the first time since forever he was completely warm all the way to the inner pieces of his heart. He couldn't help the pleasure filled sigh that escaped him. He could now feel Harry kissing him even more enthusiastically as if Draco's sigh had spurred him on. Draco's arms seemed to have gained a life of their own and his hands were now moving up Harry's back until they reached that perfectly tousled hair. Finally, Draco could get a first-hand experience of what it was like to slide his hands through that black hair, just like he dreamed about so many nights. Draco could almost hear his heart beating so strongly that he was slightly afraid it might burst, but since he was in this perfect blissful state of mind he found that he didn't really care if he died in this exact moment. He was the happiest he had ever been, and if that wasn't a good way to go, he didn't what would be. As his lips was being molded by Harry, Draco let his tongue move against the Gryffindor's lips, asking silently for a permission to enter. Harry's responding moan was almost too much for Draco, but he felt the lips part and when his tongue met the silky smoothness of the other man a similar moan escaped Draco. In the back of his mind he registered that Harry tasted like treacle tart and pumpkin juice, and right them and there Draco decided that that was his new favorite taste. When the need for air became too much for the two men, they reluctantly pulled apart. Harry's hands were still resting on Draco's cheeks, as they put their heads together. Their breaths mixed in the small space between them, and neither said anything for a good couple of minutes. Harry was the first one to pull his head away and as he looked into Draco's eyes, Draco was now seeing a whole new emotion in there. He wasn't sure exactly what it was, but he hoped it was affection. Harry removed his hands from Draco's face and turned around. A slight doubt was beginning to creep up on Draco, but before that feeling could root itself in his now warm heart, Harry looked over his shoulder and stretched out his hand. "Come on Draco. Let's go get you out of this mess." The smile that erupted on Draco's face was the first real smile he had shown in many months. As their fingers intertwined Draco was happy to notice that his own hands didn't feel so cold anymore. Harry gave a little squeeze and looked at him with those amazingly green eyes once more. "It's alright Draco. Remember, I got you!" As Harry pulled Draco from the bathroom, Draco had a very peculiar realization. For the first time in forever he didn't feel scared. For the first time, he felt that he might actually have a chance. For the first time, he truly believed that another person would help him without a personal gain. For the first time, he felt that someone cared about him and him alone, and for the first time he was happy.