deep into his pocket and pulling out several wrapped sweets. "Salt increases blood pressure, right? 'Cause it's hydrophilic." Rabastan smiled gratefully and reached out a shaking hand to take a sweet. The boys began to walk, then, in the direction that the other first years were going. "You're such a nerd, Eoin. Who even knows stuff like that?" Kieron said, laughing lightly. "Which book was it in?" " The Encyclopaedia of Basic Biology. I brought it with me, I'll lend it to you, if you like," Eoin replied. The group had come to a standstill. "And if I'm a nerd, what does that make you ?" "It makes me happy , because you're admitting that you're way too into your books," Kieron said. "But yeah, I'd love to read it." The group was moving again; the large man (Hagrid, Peter thought he'd heard someone say) had opened the door and the first years began to pile into Hogwarts's entrance hall. Peter could hear Hagrid's voice, but couldn't make out the words from the back of the crowd. Being quite short, he was also unable to see who Hagrid was talking to. It didn't help, of course, that Kieron, who was about twenty centimetres taller than Peter, was standing directly in front of him. Again, the group started to move, following a figure Peter couldn't see through the entrance hall and into a small room to the side of it. Now that the group was positioned differently, Peter could see that the one who had been leading them was a woman who appeared to be around forty years old, with sleek black hair pulled into a neat bun. "Welcome to Hogwarts," said the woman. "As many of you may know, I am Professor McGonagall. In a few moments, you will be sorted into your houses before the rest of the student body, before the start-of-term feast begins." She then proceeded to explain the house system, but Peter didn't pay too much attention; he'd already heard it all from his mother, and at that moment in time he was more focused on the weight pressing against his side. Rabastan was leaning on him slightly, though Peter wasn't sure the other had realised. He looked as though he could collapse at any moment. Peter glanced over his shoulder and saw that Kieron had a hand reached out, millimetres from Rabastan's back, as if to catch him if he fell. Kieron met Peter's eyes and grimaced slightly. Peter gave a small smile in response, before turning back to the front. Peter hadn't noticed her stop speaking, but Professor McGonagall was leaving the room just as he turned his head. The moment she was out of the door, a ripple of excited chatter bubbled throughout the room. Peter lifted his hand and gently touched Rabastan's shoulder. "Are you okay?" he asked. Rabastan nodded slowly. "Mm. Fine. I just…" he said. "I'm nervous, about the sorting." Neither Kieron nor Eoin looked convinced. "You sure? You've been getting paler and paler since we got on the boat." Eoin said. "You look like you're about to puke." Rabastan winced, paling even further. Kieron sighed, "D'you think you can make it through the feast? I'll take you to the hospital wing after," he said. "Or I could try and get Professor McGonagall's attention when she gets back, tell her you're feeling ill." "I said I'm fine . Would you please just stop talking at me?" Rabastan spat, pulling away from the hand Kieron tried to place on his arm. Kieron didn't respond, because Professor McGonagall came back in, then. "We're ready for you now," she said. "Form a line and follow me." As she led the group out of the room, the group's shape changed from a blob to a line, two or three abreast. Rabastan dropped back to slot into a different part of the group, away from Peter and the others. There were murmurs rippling through the group as they walked through. The group entered the Great Hall, trailing behind Professor McGonagall. The first years gave a collective gasp as they beheld the hall's magnificence, unlike almost anything they'd seen before. A/N: Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. Most of the chapters will probably be shorter than this; it's actually the longest single chapter I've ever written. I've written a Marauders fic before, on my old account, so none of the canon characters should be too OOC. I thought I'd go with something different in terms of perspective, as I haven't seen many fics from Peter's viewpoint, especially about their school days. I've also put in heavy doses of headcanons, as so little is known about the personalities of most of the named characters who went to school with the Marauders, and it's highly unlikely that the Death Eaters would have been 'evil' from age 11 (if you want to debate this, please PM me, I love debating and talking headcanons and character development from a psychological perspective). Of course, there will be a lot of OCs, as without them, it would seem as though there were only about ten students in the Marauders' year. This fic will mostly be centred on the relationships and the developments and maturation of their personalities, rather than an action-filled plot, so I would suggest that anyone who's looking for something plot-heavy finds something else. I would love it if you reviewed and told me what you thought. If you notice any grammatical errors, please let me know so that I can fix them. Sorry that this A/N is so long, they won't usually be. If you have any headcanons you would like to see included, or any suggestions for scenes, let me know and I'll do my best to include them! Also, as next chapter will contain the sorting, I will apologise in advance for a potentially horrendous sorting hat song. Lyric writing and poetry are not things I've ever been good at. Thanks again. ~Z