and his joy. It wasn't easy to simply watch the way he moved his mouth and imagine how those lips felt. Remus checked the time. Only a half hour until movie time. He sighed and got up from his desk. He supposed he should get ready. 'That was so fucking good!" Sirius shouted as the credits rolled on the Winter Soldier . "Right?" Remus said. "That was obviously a love story. I mean… they are in love!" Sirius said, rubbing his chin with excitement. "I certainly think so. They're definitely my OTP," Remus said with a grin. "I've never really had an OTP before but God! I might be convinced!" Sirius said. "I mean I already shipped them before but this film destroyed me. I'm a sucker for friends-to-lovers," Remus said. "Me too," Sirius said, his grey eyes turning to Remus, almost looking like he had realized something important. "So yeah. I immediately had to write some fic," Remus said, feeling his heart begin to pound. Remus didn't want to ask Sirius to read his fic. Instead, he wanted Sirius to be the one to ask to read his fic. "I definitely need to read some," Sirius said, grinning at Remus. Dammit , Remus thought. "Actually, I just posted a chapter this morning for one of my fics," Remus said. Please ask, Remus thought. Don't make me do it. "Oh yeah?" Sirius said, fully turning his body, getting on his knees and laying his head over an arm on the top of the couch, looking adorably cute. "Yeah," Remus said, unsure of what to say and feeling nervous. "What's it about?" Sirius asked. "Oh. Um. It's… Well… It's about… Bucky is a vampire and Steve is a vampire hunter. But they're still best friends. I know it's kinda cliche…" Remus apologized. "No, it sounds cool. Tell me more," Sirius said, wiggling his head in an excited way. "Oh. Well… it's kinda steampunk? V-Victorian London. It's over one-hundred thousand words now," Remus said. "Cool. Would you read some of it to me?" Sirius asked. Fuck , Remus thought. He hadn't expected that. OK, it wasn't like there was any smut in the first chapter. "Uh… I can but I should warn you I'm not very good at reading aloud," Remus said. "That's OK. I like listening to you talk. You have a nice voice," Sirius said. Remus felt flushed and compliments like that didn't help him feel anymore relaxed no matter how much he appreciated them. Remus loaded the fic onto his phone. The first chapter was only four thousand words. He licked his lips then began to read. Sirius sat in silence, watching Remus read with a perpetual grin. Remus tried to remember to glance over at Sirius from time to time but it made it hard to focus. Just under half an hour later, Remus had completed it and Sirius sat up and clapped. "Bravo! That was great. You'll have to text me the link to the rest," Sirius said. Remus gulped but smiled and nodded, quickly doing as Sirius requested. Sirius bit his lip as he got the text and clicked the link. " Reliquary of Blood by Shy_WolfboyNH. Wow. That's a hell of a title. Also: Wolfboy?" Sirius asked, raising his eyebrows. "M-My name. Remus Lupin. It kinda means Wolfy McWolf. Basically. I guess my parents thought it was funny. Of course, they named my sister Natalie. I don't know why she got the normal name," Remus said with a frown. "I think it's cool," Sirius said. "Thanks," Remus said, feeling nervous as Sirius looked at the screen of his phone, no doubt seeing the various scandalous things it was tagged with. "Yeah. Sounds cool. I'll have to read this between classes or before bed or something. Speaking of which, I think it's my bedtime," Sirius said, then stretched and yawned. "Fair enough," Remus said and stood up. There was an odd moment as they stood in front of each other. Remus felt compelled to hug Sirius or shake his hand and for a moment he thought Sirius might do one of those but instead he only gave Remus a shy smile, said, "Goodnight," and went to bed. Remus quickly texted Lily: Are you awake? Can I come talk to you? Yeah. You can just come in. Remus rushed upstairs and went inside Lily's room. Lily was sitting cross legged on the center of her bed, laptop in front of her. The smell of marijuana permeated the room but she wasn't currently smoking. Lily's dark-red hair was out of its ponytail and lying over her shoulders. She was wearing one of her favourite large t-shirts that had an anime character he never could remember the name of on the front. "What's up, chicken butt?" Lily said. "Sirius is going to read Reliquary of Blood !" Remus said, gritting his teeth in a smile. "Ha!" Lily said, clasping her hands to her cheeks. "I'm so nervous. Oh my god, I read him the first chapter," Remus said, coming over and sitting on the edge of the bed. "You did?" Lily said, her mouth hung open in gleeful surprise. "Yeah. He asked and I… couldn't say no. Not when he was looking so… cute," Remus said, feeling himself blush. "That's so cool. Dude, I'm so excited for you! Anyhow… I'm actually on Skype with Dorcas and Mary," Lily said, with an embarrassed smile. "Oh. Well, tell them I said hi," Remus said. "Remus says hi," Lily said then laughed. "Anyhow. I guess I'll leave you to… that," Remus said, knowing that Skype dates with Lily's girlfriends were Lily's only source of intimacy these days. Remus went back into his attic room and fell back onto the bed. He had a text from Sirius. Read chapter two. This is so good! Remus smiled. He filed this experience under things he didn't know he had needed until he received them. Thank you, Sirius Black, he thought and turned out the light.