that we should use the week that Minerva has graced us with to make sure that we are all coping with what has happened. I know from personal experience in the last war that post traumatic stress sometimes does not occur immediately all at once. Please look out for your fellow Order members and bring to their attention any change in behavior. Next I would like to inform you that I will be having individual meetings with certain people over the next week or two. Nothing sinister just trying to clarify a few things. I would highly recommend that you all head home and check the status of the protective charms and make sure it will be safe to return at weeks end. The last thing that I wish to do is to ask Harry, Ron, and Hermione if you would not mind sharing the story of what it was that you where off doing?" Kingsley then waited for the response. The trio had spoken of the possibility that they would need to trust in people and share the journey with them. though they still felt scarred to relieve the ordeal that was the last few months. They felt everyone looking at them however they where only focused on each other. All thinking the same thing Harry spoke to them. "Ron, Hermione the choice is up to you. you have been nothing but supportive to me thru the last seven years and I can not thank you enough. I am willing to share the story with a few conditions provided that you concent." He whispered to them. Ron was the next to share his opinion. "Well I can't speak for either one of you but I feel as though they deserve to know the truth they where all busy holding the fort at home while we where able to get away from the deth eaters and spend some time in relative Peace when we where the on the move. I vote with Harry though we are not uttering one word unless you agree Hermione." He finished knowing fully within his heart that she felt the same way. "Well you both know that I will always stand with you both no matter the circumstances. The way I look at it is that we already know we can trust every last person in this room and if they did not sell us our to Voldemort then they certainly won't sell us to the prophet. So in short it is unanimous I vote yes." She then pulled Ron and Harry in for a hug. After they broke their hug Harry responded to Kingsley. "We will do it on a few conditions. First we know you all are going to have questions however please hold off till the end. This is going to be hard enough without all of the interruptions. Second you do not look at any of us as broken after we tell you if anything it has made us stronger. If you can follow that then it will help us." He was just about to finish when Ron interrupted. He could feel the hurt in his voice "third and last Percy you had better make sure you keep your mouth shut to your friends at the prophet you all but disowned your family once before to keep you job at the ministry during the war. now you come up in here and think that you will be trusted like before because you finally came to your senses and fought with us instead of against us. Which let's face it that is what you did every day when you went to work. If we read anything that has not otherwise been authorized by the three of us we will assume that it was you. Understand?" He said still feeling betrayed to the point that he was yelling at him. For a change Percy was speechless and all he could do was nod with his mouth wide open in shock with what he had just heard. Fred and George could not let that slide they had to poke fun at him saying at the same time. "Close your mouth you look like a venus fly trap Perc." They joked and everyone laughed. With that the trio took their places at the head of the room and began to tell their friends the tale. By the time they where finished they had covered the whole range of emotions everyone had laughed, cried, expressed horror and joy and became emotionally exhausted. The trio mostly looked at each other while they took turns talking as the table soon found it to hard to see the reactions on the faces of their friends and allies. Once they where done Kingsley came up and pulled them all into a hug. They stayed in his warm and caring embrace for what felt like five minutes durring whichtime he decided that they had had enough talking for one he had released them he addressed the room once more. "In light of the time I believe that it would be prudent for us all to get some rest. you can ask your questions tomorrow in private as long as they concent to answer. Please leave them alone for right now. You may hug and comfort them on your way to bed please form an orderly line." With that they all did what he had asked as they all wanted to offer them comfort as they hugged the trio they bid them all a good night they then headed off to bed. the only person not in the line was Ginny as she knew that she could hug them later. Once the line left it was just the 4 of them and they to made their way up to their rooms. Once there the couples exchanged hugs goodnight and retired to their respective rooms to finally get the first good night of sleep that any of them had in a long time.