was predictably slow. Remus didn't know why he hadn't expected to be so damn hungover the day after such a party, and he cursed himself for not thinking it through as he nursed his headache, swallowing some paracetamol dry before making his way out into the kitchen with all the energy of a partially squashed slug. Peter was asleep on his futon, so Remus stepped around him to get to the fridge, opening it and looking forlornly at the contents, feeling his stomach slosh angrily in response to the thought of a bacon sandwich. He shook his head and closed the door again, moving over to the sink and grabbing a clean glass from the draining board. By the looks of it James had already been up and cleaned the flat, and probably run 10k, all by the time Remus had managed to get his sorry head out from under his duvet. Sometimes his friend really did make him feel inadequate. Remus filled up the pint glass with water from the tap and downed it, before pulling a face as his stomach growled angrily at him. Remus looked down at it for a moment as if to say 'it's for your own good, you know', before filling up the pint glass again and trudging back to his bedroom, his brown dressing gown billowing out behind him in much too grand a manner for how run down he felt. The door opposite Remus' opened just as Remus was about to disappear back into his cool, dark cave, and Sirius poked his head around the doorframe, his hair a wild mane and his shirt, somehow, absent. Not that Remus noticed. "Is the coast clear?" Sirius said, his voice a shadow of its former self, croaky and broken in odd places. His eyes had dark bags. Remus felt like he looked like Sirius felt. "Yeah," He answered shortly, even the low volume of his voice making his head pound. Sirius nodded, and emerged fully into the corridor, wearing nothing but his boxers (again, not that Remus noticed). "Good, I don't need Mr Blue Sky and his infuriating lack of hangover chirping to me at this ungodly hour." "It's two in the afternoon, Padfoot." Sirius waved a hand at Remus as if to discredit what he had said, and Remus sighed. "I'm going back to bed – try not to trip over Pete." "Why, 's he dead?" "His shell is in front of the fridge, but I think his spirit rolled underneath it or something, he's out for the count." Sirius laughed, but then clutched his head, stopping abruptly. He fixed Remus with a look, "I'm too hungover for jokes or metaphors, Moons." "Fair," Remus raised an eyebrow, "as am I." He gave Sirius a nod, before retreating into his bedroom, ever grateful for his decision to buy blackout curtains. He crawled back under his duvet and tried to sort through the events of the previous night, slotting them into order as soon as they popped up in his head. He knew for a fact that he had kissed Frank Longbottom, which had explained the five texts he had received from his old lecture buddy, Alice Prewett, calling him things that he was far too English to ever repeat. He had replied telling her that she really wasn't missing out – that boy's tongue was like a washing machine. He remembered dancing to Gold by Spandau Ballet with Sirius, the two of them holding hands and twirling the other under their arms. Remus had kept getting tangled under Sirius' arm on account of him being almost an entire foot shorter than Remus, but the two of them had laughed it off and continued regardless. It was a nice memory, but Remus felt guilty reliving it, knowing that it meant more to him than it did to his friend. His totally platonic bud. His pal, who had no interest in him romantically whatsoever. He really had to get over this. Remus brought his hands up to his face and rubbed his closed eyes with the heels of his palms. He groaned, before sitting up once more and taking his phone from his bedside table. Squinting against the backlight, he unlocked his phone and opened his messaging app, pressing Marlene's name and typing out a quick message to her. Marlene had been in the room next to Remus in first year, and she was the only person to officially know about just how far Remus had fallen for Sirius. It was pretty fucking far. Head first into a bottomless hell-pit of despair. "My songs are NOT about Sirius" to Marlene GAYkinnon R - help me marls we danced last night im filled with regret M - Oh how shameful! You danced! Whatever will the press think? "My songs are NOT about Sirius" changed Marlene McKinnon's nickname to The Worst™ M - Well, that's just rude R - its your own fault ur supposed to help me M - What is there to help with? You danced, it's no big deal R - i promised myself i wouldnt do shit like that anymore tho M - Well, then you just need to follow your own rules better. This isn't a problem, Remus, your hangover is just telling you it is. R - but like…it is a problem tho M - Why? M - I also hope you imagined me doing a really big sigh before that last message R - its a problem because hes cute and i want to kiss him and dancing with him is just a dumb way to indulge myself M - I guess I can't argue with that. Sorry I didn't stop you, bro R - its cool, you could barely stand up lmao "My songs are NOT about Sirius" changed Marlene McKinnon's nickname to Maybe Not The Worst™ M - Sorry about the bathmat BTW R - what did u do Marlene McKinnon changed her own nickname to Definitely The Worst™