rolled over to look at the time. "Oh, ginger biscuits, have they been there the whole time?" She picked two up and offered Harry one. "Such a Weasley," he sighed, affectionately. Ginny held up a finger. At first, Harry thought it was the rude gesture, but then he realised it was the wrong finger. "Potter," she corrected, showing her wedding band. "With a Weasley appetite," he amended, grabbing her hand to feel the band of gold that told the world of their commitment to each other. "In all things," grinned Ginny, sitting up and straddling him again, "and I don't hear you complaining." Harry reached up to fondle her breasts gently. "Never!" Their lovemaking this time was slower and playful, with nips and tickling here and there. But always, always was the sensation that when they joined as one, they were complete. Ginny lay on her side after, Harry spooned behind her, as close as he could be. Sleep was imminent, but they still confirmed their plans for the next day. Ginny knew time with Teddy would help cheer Harry up, and she herself loved spending time with the little boy. Then dinner at the Burrow with her crazy family should set Harry's mind right again. He was the best Auror, and Ginny had no doubt one day he would be head of the department. Of course, that was way in the future, when they'd have kids, and a nice big home...one with no cupboards under the stairs. She'd make damned sure of that! "So, big day tomorrow, then," murmured Harry, almost asleep himself. "Yeah...but I'm sure we'll have time to check on the little girl, Hazel, was it? We could have an early breakfast, then go to the Ministry, see Linda – Harry, you're strangling me!" Harry reluctantly released her. "Sorry, I just – really, you'll come with me?" She rolled back. "Of course I will. This poor girl and her mother need to know there's still goodness in the world, kindness – " "Wonderfulness?" teased Harry. Ginny hooked her arm around Harry's head to draw it down to hers for a kiss. "No, that word is reserved for you and you alone," she quipped. "Now, go to sleep." She rolled back to her side, and Harry resumed his position behind her. He thought she was asleep, but then he heard a soft noise. "Are you – are you eating a biscuit?" he asked. "Yes, why, did you want it?" she mumbled, her mouth full. Harry chuckled. "No, you go ahead. Good thing your mum sent over a treacle tart," he quipped. Ginny looked up interestedly. "There's treacle tart?" She looked around, as if expecting it to materialise out of nowhere. "Tomorrow," Harry told her, "Although Kreacher tells me only a small slice will do. Apparantly it's quite rich." Ginny snorted. "I'd like to see him tell my mum that." Harry had to admit a Molly/Kreacher showdown would be entertaining. "Go to sleep," he told her. "Love you," she said, softly. "Love you more," he replied, equally softly. She giggled. "Love you forever." He kissed her shoulder blade. "Love you infinity." She rolled onto her side to face him, almost nose to nose. "Isn't that the same as forever?" "It's longer than forever," he told her. "By one day." he smirked at his cleverness. "Fine," she smirked. "I love you for eternity." "I love you...damn, I need to borrow Hermione's dictionary," groaned Harry. "Go to sleep." There was silence, then, "I win, I win," she gloated softly. Harry grinned in the darkness. Another Weasley trait. "Actually, if you love me that much and for that long, then I think I'm the winner." Ginny grabbed his hand and squeezed. "There's that wonderfulness again," she pointed out. "Ginny?" "Hmm?" "Go to sleep. It's one in the morning." "Okay...night." "Love you," they said together, then laughed softly. Then, they slept. And when Harry woke, and he and Ginny went to see Janice and Hazel, he saw the good work the department was doing. Already the stress had left Janice's face, and little Hazel even giggled when Ginny held her on her lap and told her a story of the twins many mischievous pranks on their siblings. Harry and Ginny stayed till they left to go to their new home, and Harry promised to come and visit. Ginny made a note to ask her mother to send over a basket of homemade meals to set them up. Linda had a job lined up for Janice, and the future was looking a lot more positive. At the end of another fun filled day with Teddy, then the whole Weasley gang at the Burrow, Harry and Ginny returned home, with yet another basket of Molly's goodies. Kreacher begrudingly took the basket and stored the goods, as requested. But it was his ginger biscuits Harry and Ginny requested again that night, with their bedtime cup of tea, he noted happily. They'd even requested six, not four. "Two for me, four for Ginny," quipped Harry. "Because, when it comes down to it, Ginny's a Weasley." Ginny nudged him, grinning, and this time, it wasn't her wedding ring finger she gesticulated with. He held his hands up in defense. "I'm not complaining. It's all part of the wonderfulness that is you." Kreacher rolled his eyes, and plated the appropriate number of biscuits. "Good word, Potter," grinned Ginny. "I'm a cunning linguist," he boasted. She giggled. "Let me show you," he offered, taking her hand and disapparating upstairs. Kreacher looked down at the plate of biscuits in his hands. Harry suddenly reappeared. "Erm, I'll just take them," he said, reaching for the plate. "It's Ginny, she gets hungry after, erm, later," he corrected. Blushing, he disappeared back upstairs. "Mistress has quite the appetite," agreed Kreacher to himself. "Lucky master." Harry felt quite the same half an hour later. As Ginny lay next to him, feeding him his ginger biscuit, Harry felt like the luckiest man in the world. ~end~