around." She said in a haughty tone. "That is to say, soda please." She rolled her eyes at her mother's lack of humour. Harry got everyone a drink, bringing them to the back garden. It was a nice night out, and the space heater made it possible to relax in the large garden. "Ignore Shadow. He's a little friendly." All of them raised an eyebrow, until a large husky moved closer to him. It was easily as big as Hugo when it was sitting down. The dog barked happily at Harry, jumping on the man. "Down boy!" Rose ran up to the dog, burying her face in his fur. "Hello! Who's a good boy?" She asked, kissing the dog's fur. "You're a good boy!" She loved dogs. "He's so cuddly and cute!" She sat on the grass, rubbing the dog's soft fur. "I've had him seven years now. He was a birthday present from Leslie." Harry explained, smiling at his daughter and the dog. Hermione relaxed in the back garden. "Have you seen Teddy much?" She asked curiously. "Not a lot. I see him on Christmases and his birthday, but other than that we kind of fell out of touch." He admitted, smiling sadly. "We had a huge fight a year or so ago about my problems with you and Ron." Hermione sighed. "He's asleep. So say whatever you want to say." She said, pointing to a sleeping Hugo. Harry chuckled. "I've rehearsed what'd I say a million times." He admitted. "But none of it matters now." He walked into the house, tossing something into her hand. "I was going to give you this that night." Hermione's eyes watered instantly. She knew what it was. She opened the box slowly, stopping once she saw the ring. "I'm so sorry." She whispered, closing the box. She should've seen the signs back then. "I…I was going to tell you. Ron and I, we were just…Merlin we were just being teenagers." Harry shrugged. "Yeah." He sighed, resting his head against the picket fence. "I was angry. Extremely angry. So I left. Well, that's not entirely true…" He chuckled weakly. Hermione raised an eyebrow. "What did you do?" "I may have…well that is to say…" Harry sipped his whiskey. "Ok. So I decided to have a little revenge." He chuckled weakly. "I slept with the Ice Bitches." Hermione spit out her wine. "All of them?!" Harry nodded. "It was a good night." He laughed. "I was angry. I wanted to hurt you. My original plan was to sleep with Ginny, but she would've loved it too much. Then I thought about breaking into McGonagall's office and changing all your records to fails." Hermione frowned. "You absolute fucker!" She chuckled slightly. Harry smirked. "Then, I ran into Parkinson. She and I got to talking, then insulting, then insulting you! Well, one thing led to another and I ended up sleeping with her, Greengrass and Davis." He shrugged again. "Then I just left Hogwarts. Moved into Privet Drive for a few days, shouted at Vernon and took a well deserved swing at the old bastard, then moved here." Rose listened to him, still cuddling Shadow. "You slept with three women in one night?" Harry nodded. "I was a bit of a stud in my day." He puffed out his chest. "More like a puppy. Fun at first, then it starts whimpering all the time." Hermione winked. "Coming from the queen of the shelves?" He asked. "Merlin I had to put a bed in the Library one time just to spend some time with you." Hermione smirked. "I remember that weekend. I had a big Potions assignment due." She sighed. "We had good times, Harry." Harry nodded a little. "We did." He smiled sadly. "Remember the weekend from hell?" Hermione snorted. She had nearly forgotten about that one. She smirked a little, sipping her wine. Rose gave her a look, so she decided to explain. "Harry and I decided to have a romantic weekend away, it was before we were due to go back to school. We got a hotel room. Champagne. All the works." She let out an un-Hermione like giggle. "We were enjoying ourselves immensely, until there's a knock on the door." Harry laughed. "Turns out that the hotel doubled booked us in the same room as an extremely irate couple on a cheap honeymoon." He took a sip of his drink. "So they're shouting at us, while I'm in boxers and your mother is topless." He noticed Hermione's blush. "Then, it turns out they were swingers, so they offer a couple switch for the night!" Rose spit out her drink. "Really?!" Harry nodded, wrapping his arm around her. "So once we get our new room, we find a goddamn newborn baby abandoned in the bathroom!" Hermione shook her head. "We waited two hours for the police, then another three to give statements and stuff." Harry smirked. "Then, we finally get a chance to be alone…until your grandmother calls." He chuckled. "Your grandfather had managed to fall off a ladder and bust his hip!" Hermione laughed. "I forgot about that too. That was the first time I ever heard my mother curse." She held Hugo on her lap, stroking his hair as he slept. "That was a good weekend though." Harry nodded, closing his eyes. "I forgive you." He said after a few minutes of pure silence. "I know you didn't do out of maliciousness." He whispered. Hermione felt a tear come to her eye. "I…" She handed Hugo to Ron, hugging Harry gently. "I'm so sorry." She whispered softly, holding onto him. Harry kissed her cheek, smiling softly. "Though I have to admit, you were so vanilla in bed." He teased, feeling her fist on his arm. "OW!" Hermione smirked to herself. "You're an arse!" She said softly, kissing his forehead. "I did love you, Harry." "I know." He smiled, staring at Ron. "Just not anymore." He whispered back, giving her a small hug.