night, then left. Walden was prepared to turn in the usual way to a black whirlwind, as the Death Eaters always did, and burst into the window to take Hermione back. But suddenly he stopped because the girl, turning away from the window, began to pull off her shirt over her head and on there were only white cowards on her. The man's face froze, and his eyes glazed. Granger turned and went to the window to pull the curtains before going to bed. McNair did not move. Suddenly, the magician lit a bright light. It caught on fire the lights of Ford England, enchanted by Arthur to guard the window of Hermione. She squealed, because the light had burned the invisibility spells Walden had covered himself with. The Death Eater instantly turned around and whirled away. It was not safe to stay here and he needed to look for a new shelter. … "He guards you and avenges us for their defeat" Ron said and Hermione was trembling because still no man saw her naked, and she would not want it to be a crazy and dangerous maniac and former Death Eater. She planned that only Ron would see her in the first stripped. The girl was very uncomfortable and scary. "The Ministry is combing the Forbidden Forest, but his may be far away from here" Harry Potter said. He really wanted to catch the criminal and show his employers that he is an excellent Auror. … Walden McNair was of Scottish roots and well knew this area since childhood, and there, in the mountains was his favorite cave, where no magical soul can find him. There was a fire burning in it and on the cut walls there were various axes, which he adored to insanity, as well as the heads of the animals they killed personally. In the collection, the magician now added a pair of Muggle skulls, from which he barely tore off his skin and gutted his brains. He put the trophies on sticks. Lucius, said him in a letter that the wedding of the geeks will take place in two days. He agreed to hide a friend in his estate, but said that he would not tolerate mud flies in his house. Malfoy did not want to take risks and attract attention of the Aurors. Walden was lying near the hearth and remembering the naked Granger. In his heart, the feelings that he experienced when he first saw her in the company of two classmates again arose. His head at that time also often visited the thoughts of the little naked Hermione, but soon they faded from his consciousness, and he could not imagine that in a couple of years, he would see her in only panties. No, the thought of his future pretender for dismemberment should not be that kind because her place in the garbage pit, along with other Muggles. And anyway, why did he fixate on it? His ax already yearned for the blood and bones of unworthy creatures. But without violence against the girl, he will not be satisfied and for this he needed to go to England. … The long table was smoking pies and fresh fried chicken, cooked by Mrs. Weasley. Above the table was a tent. The Weasley brothers were preparing the groom for the upcoming holiday and poisoned the jokes about the wedding night. In another room, Hermione was terribly worried when Ginny and Molly adjusted her puffy skirt and white veil. She felt that now was not the time and she always had "no time" for Ron. She could not admit to herself that, in fact, she had virtually no feelings other than friendly, other feelings but the choice of all around, including herself, has already fallen on the younger Weasley, and more likely from gratitude to his parents for taking care of her than for love, she will marry him. Moreover, no one has done any more to her, and she is unlikely to do so and she did not consider herself attractive. But even more fear was caused by a terrible killer who seems to be hunting for her. His terrible face in the night in the rain still stands before her eyes. There in the company of magician friends it is unlikely she will be in danger, and probably McNair is already far away, but the fear did not disappear from Grainger's soul. The bride's ransom ritual, which they had watched from the Muggles, was carried out, and now the whole friendly company went to the table. The first toast was made by Arthur, who wished peace, friendship and understanding, then Molly with the words "bigger kids", then the groom's brothers with some kind of greasy joke, from which half the table rolled with laughter and the other embarrassedly hid their faces. Weasley wanted to make the celebration as Muggles do, and that's why they even invited the Muggle DJ, who put songs on his record player from the repertoire of popular Muggle`s singers with words whose meaning the guests understood little, and despite this under which all invited guests began to dance, including the groom and the bride. McNair was forced to watch this ugly wedding until the right moment, and it began to literally puke him. The crowd was already pretty drunk and then the magician realized that these people slowly lose control over what is happening. But the damned Mudblood does not drink alcohol, but maybe it's for the best. A sober head will help her to see, realize and feel all the pain that will be for her a reality very soon. Hermione seems to be looking back at him. In any case, she felt something as then, in the courtyard of Hogwarts. McNair smiled at her again, though she could not see, but she would feel that look and that smile with every cell of her young body. Now she will not run away from him. Nevermore.