fool without you. It was you who was leader of your team but not someone else" He going to me and put off the Elderly Wand from his pocket. I prepare to torture, but he says suddenly "Give it in your hands" and hands me the one of the Deadly Hallows, which he does`t know… or he did already? Why he does this? I tremble and raise my weakened hand to take it. It is the powerful article that I keep. Voldemort departs from me for some distance. Why he is not afraid to part with his deadly attribute? "Cast the any spell" He says. I don`t believe of his words because this should not be. I can to kill him… "Avada Ked…!" I shout unconsciously and add "No" with assigning the wand of the side. I can not to cast deadly curse… A ragged spell strikes on the wall and there a huge piece of stone breaks off from it leaving a deep hole. Voldemort laughs delightfully and I see his creepy face from the air trembling in front of my eyes. I'm really scared now and I am also realizing now that it impossible for him till Nagini is alive. "Well, it obeys you. Bring me back" He holds out his hand to me and I give him the Elderly Wand with distraction. The magician turning from me, and at the second I see the slammed door. Why did not I "Stupefy" him?! Why did not I run away?! I could it, because this wand is really strong and, yes… it obeys me. I could to drive away all Dementors with it and run from the prison… And I recognize now a great idea that I could break it… and this would deprive Voldemort of the opportunity to get the all Deadly Hallows, and, that interesting, he could not to found out of this. And may be would not even have killed me to this because the owning of this wand now receded for him into the background of the obtaining of Deadly Hallows which I know about. But he counted on that I could not… And what he conceived with doing this? I am looking at the huge hole in the wall that has made my curse. It so big but the wall still solid and it means that these walls are very thick and it will hard for me to digging under. But I am picking the cement with the spoon. Although, I don`t know where I'll go if I can make a path, but I must see Ron. And I must to run away. "Still no one managed to escape from Azkaban" "But Sirius did it" My hands are already numb with tension and can no longer dig. Well, I must to rest and continue later. I sit down on the cold and dirty floor and numbness embracing me again. Now these voices howling only else louder. I can not to digging path and to help Ron… and I will be sit and wait when bastard break my and his brains for Hallows. Dementor bringing me some food, but I do not look up. I`m sitting and hug my knees. … It's getting dark here again. I wait for Voldemort. It is sound funny, but I have nothing left to do. My door is opening and I don`t look on him. But he not speaking and I lift my eyes. It is the dark gloomy figure of Dementor which stretches its hand with the scabs for me inviting to go. It is agreed to take me to Ron. My heart is rise sharply. Without hesitate I stand up and go with this creature. I don`t know how I will be pay and why it to agreed but now it no matter for me. I will see my Ron. My dear beloved friend… I walk barefoot on the cold stone to the other dark corridor where several doors. The Dementor is opened one of them and I find myself in the total blackness "Ron…" I ask "It`s me, Hermione" "Kill me…" There a moan reaches my ears from the dark. Dementor is lights up a weak glim and I bounce off my feet with my hands against the wall from that I see and covering my mouth with my hands. What is this? There on the bench lies Ron who does not have a hand, both feet, one eye and with ruptured abdomen from which his guts fell out and all his clothes is covered in blood "Kill…" He is begging… "Ron… What happened to you?" "Kill, Hermione…" "No… You don`t have to say that" Tears cover my eyes. "He's looking for…" "I know"! I interrupt him. "Did he do this?" I ask with horror. "No, he cast Imperio on me and I myself did it with knife…" I am covered by the coldness of awareness with what monster we confronted "Then he cast a spell on me that not allow me to die and he will continue to ask me. I have not told him anything yet… And you must to kill me and don`t say him…" "No, Ron... You will recover…" "Are you kidding?" "We…" I cry "We shall be together… as we planned" "We will not, because… I also cut something to myself… and he laughed" I'm terrified of the power of Voldemort`s magic. Ron, after all, was not bad against the Imperio in class, but now… "It hurts me, Hermione" I don`t know how I can to kill him because I do not have a magic wand or knife… Dementor is waiting for me in the door, and I recognize why it agreed to show me this. Here is Ron`s dying soul and it will be the bribe, and I will be to blame, not Dementor. I am outraged looking at it, but I nod in agreement slightly. The deadly creature swims to bloodied body and leans to his face. "Farewell, Ron…"