her Hogwart's trunk to take with her. She definitely planned to nick that black tee shirt of his. She decided to shower, wincing at inner muscles that had never been used before. She used her favourite floral fragrance to lather and ease her aches, then quickly dressed and dried her hair, using her wand to hold it in a bun. She went downstairs to find Hermione had arrived. She had spent these last couple of weeks helping her parents settle back into their home and had decided to spend her last night at home with them. She was telling Ron about a film they had gone to see the night before, and smiled at Ginny as she came to the table. " Morning, Mum, Dad. Hermione, Ron. Harry," she said, drawing her fingers along his shoulders as she walked past him to her seat. She thrilled to feel him shiver. "Did you sleep well? You've had trouble sleeping." Minx, that was what she was. "Good morning, Ginny," he replied, smiling so sexily he almost took her breath away. "Yeah, I slept great." Ron looked suspiciously between them. " What's going on with you two?" he asked. Harry quirked an eyebrow at her. She looked at her brother. " I don't know what you mean, Ron?" Her mother laid a platter of sausages, bacon and eggs in the middle of the table, immediately distracting Ron. Ginny winked at Harry. Then they both realised Hermione was watching them so they quickly turned their attention to their breakfast. Unknown to either of them, Molly was watching them both too. She had her suspicions about what may have happened between the two. After breakfast, Ginny retreated upstairs to finalise her packing, leaving the three downstairs to have some time together. Soon enough they came upstairs to her room. Hermione sat on her bed, while Harry looked out the window. The next time he saw Ginny would be Christmas, unless he managed to get to Scotland for a Quidditch match or a Hogsmeade visit. Soon enough it was time for the girls to leave for King's Cross Station. Due to the expected press, Harry had agreed to not accompany the girls to the station. But as time was running out, he regretted that decision, wanting to spend every minute possible with Ginny. "You're second guessing yourself, aren't you?" she asked. He nodded, holding her close and trying to memorise every part of her body. "Don't," she told him. "Yes, I'd love you to see me off, but I don't want to read about it in the Daily Prophet tomorrow. I don't want to share these precious moments with the world, so we'll say our goodbyes now, just us." She brought his head down to hers and kissed him. It was every happy moment they'd shared, all over again. " This isn't a goodbye," he corrected her. " It's a 'see you soon' kiss." "Yeah," she agreed, kissing him again. "No more goodbyes." "Ginny, it's time to go," called Arthur. Harry sucked in a breath. Ginny looked pained, but they both tried to put on a brave face. "It's just one more year," he reasoned. "It won't be like last year. There's Christmas and Easter," she agreed. "I'll write often. I want to hear about everything," he promised. "I want to hear all about how big Teddy is growing...and Auror training," she said. She placed her arms around his waist and he leaned his forehead against hers. "One more year," he said, almost to himself. "One more year," she agreed softly. They shared a gentle kiss, then, with arms around each others waist, they walked to join the others. Ron and Hermione looked just like Harry and Ginny supposed they did. Sad and resigned. Ron was staying behind with Harry. When the two girls, Molly and Arthur left, they played a game of wizard's chess, then sat staring morosely in the lounge, not a word said till Ron spoke. "It's nice, Harry," he said, breaking the silence. "I'm glad I'm alive." "So you and Hermione...?" "Yeah," grinned Ron, flushing. " We cuddle all night now." Hmm. Cuddle? Was that a euphemism or what? Harry decided to let it go. "So...how's everything going? You and Ginny, I mean?" asked Ron. Harry had a flash of everything that had happened last night. " We talk," he said. He tried not to blush. "We talk all night." "Brilliant," said Ron, hoping that talking wasn't a euphemism. "I'm also glad I'm alive," agreed Harry. They grinned at each other, till the clock chimed eleven. Ron's grin turned gloomy and Harry sighed. " They're on their way," he said. " They'll be fine. They have each other to lean on. Christmas will be here before we know it," reasoned Ron. " You trying to convince me, or yourself?" asked Harry, half in jest. "Both," grinned Ron. He stood and went over to the calendar on the wall. Using his wand, he marked a cross over that days date; September first. "One day down." That night, Harry lay staring at the ceiling in his room again. Tomorrow and the rest of the week, he and Ron would be moving into Grimmauld Place, as they prepared to begin their Auror training. They'd stayed this long for Molly's sake, but with the girls gone, it was time to move out. Unable to sleep, he rolled over and grabbed some parchment from his bedside table. He'd been planning to write a letter to Ginny but had found it hard to know where to start. There was so much he wanted to say to her, but somehow, he knew she knew what was in his heart. They'd never discussed their future before she left but he wasn't worried. He and Ginny had something special, they both knew it. Memories of the night before came to his mind. In the end, he fell asleep with a smile on his face. The parchment fluttered to the floor, blvnk.