in a few hours," Lily said. "Sounds good to me," Remus said. He knew their time in Seattle was limited but Lily looked pretty beat. So they figured out what buses to take in order to get them back to the hotel. I'm so sore. All over. Too bad I can't kiss it better ;) Hehe. You'd be welcome to try. Might take a while… Lily wanted to play and flirt with James but in reality she was worn out. She and Remus had vastly underestimated how hilly Seattle was going to be. Her legs, butt and back were aching pretty badly and the bottoms of her feet were tender. I was looking at those pictures you sent me. From the sex shop. Interesting… Yeah. Lily was finding it hard to read or focus on James's texts. She was just too tired. We can talk about that stuff later ;) I have to sleep, James. Night! Night night :) The following morning they set the alarm for a little later. Not much was planned for that day as they got through most of the things they actually wanted to do the day before. Lily felt bad that they were going to spend most of that day driving back. The only thing they had left to do was explore the Experience Music Project. They could've done it the day before while they were at the Space Needle but they didn't think they would have time. But it was just as well as now they would be able to take their time exploring all the pop culture the museum contained. The museum was neat and she found plenty of cool items to take pictures of to show James and the girls. Lily wondered if she and James were reaching the point of moving past being probable boyfriend/girlfriend to being actual boyfriend/girlfriend. Another conversation was needed in the near future, one she hoped would be followed by some very vigorous consummating. Remus seemed weary. Though clearly he had been excited by the things in Seattle she knew him well enough to know being around so many people had worn him down. He was probably pretty ready to return to his attic to decompress. Around one in the afternoon they made it back to the hotel and said goodbye to the Emerald City. "I'd love to come back someday," Remus said. "Me too. And I bet there's more cool stuff in Washington," Lily said. "There's a rainforest!" Remus said. "Isn't that by Forks? Would we encounter sparkly vampires there?" Lily said then laughed. "God, I hope not," Remus said and they carried on down the road. Remus had loved the trip but was just as glad when it was over. Even positive stress is still stress, he realized. Sirius was surprisingly waiting on the coach, watching TV when they got inside. "Hey," Remus said, smiling at his friend. "Hey guys. House has been quiet without you… well, even more quiet," Sirius said, standing up and approaching them. With a smile Sirius unexpectedly wrapped his arms and Remus and hugged him close. Remus felt like time had stopped and he ceased to breathe until Sirius pulled away then hugged Lily. They hugged… They hugged! Remus could feel himself internally shaking with excitement. It had happened so suddenly! It was somehow more exciting than anything that had happened in the past few days. "I promise I'll tell you everything we did. While we're on the way to San Francisco, I mean," Remus said with a grin. Sirius's face lit up and he clutched the top of his dark hair with joy. "You're coming? Awesome!" Sirius shouted. "Yeah. My sister is going to be in town. I ran out of reasons to say no," Remus said, though privately he wished he had a month to take a rest and not a couple of days instead. "OK, boys. I've gotta pee and then I'm going to collapse," Lily said and went upstairs. After getting out of the bathroom Lily knocked on James's bedroom door. "Come in," James said faintly. Lily opened the door and found James lying in bed with just a lamp on. "Were you sleeping?" Lily asked as she sat down on the edge of the bed next to him. "Not quite. I was hoping you'd stop by to say hello," James said with a grin. "Hello," Lily said and James chuckled. "I missed you," James said. "I missed you too. I can't believe you're gonna be gone for a week," Lily said. "Yeah. One of these days we're gonna get some proper time together. Though with finals coming up… Might not be until summer," James said with regret. Lily took one of his hands in hers and lifted it up to her mouth to kiss it. "I'm hoping we can have another conversation soon… about us. Just check up on where things stand," Lily said softly. "Yeah. That would be good," James said then yawned. "I should let you sleep," Lily said and leaned over to give him a kiss. "Good night, Lils," James said. "Good night, James," Lily said and left the room to go to bed. Remus felt great pleasure at returning to his room. He hadn't been alone for days for more than a minute or two and being back in his own safe space was a relief. He wanted to review all the pictures he had taken and find some choice ones to post to Facebook and Tumblr but for now he needed rest. He had an even bigger trip ahead of him and he hoped he would have the strength to manage it. He wondered if he would get more hugs from Sirius in San Francisco. He closed his eyes in bed and imagined that moment a short while ago when Sirius embraced him. Yes… if he could get even one more hug from Sirius Black it would be more than worth it to make the trip to San Francisco.