into a trap, and I can not get out of it any more. His hands slip slightly over my back, sinking lower. He lifts me from my buttocks, planting on the side of the tub. Tears begin to choke me. His face is now just below mine. I touch his hair, thin and soft. Death Eaters know how to love? This is hard to believe ... And can this be called love? Rather, the obsession with a man with a crippled psyche. And it's not surprising, considering what McNair is doing for his life. Drops of warm water easily lie on my back when the hands of the executioner splash it on me, picking up from the bath. Some splashes fall on his clothes, but he does not care. A faint and dull smile touches his weary face. When I'm almost wet, he pushes me into the water and presses his hand on my chest. Well, that's the end of the tale. My dear Harry, Ron, I will join you soon. I do not feel his hand anymore. My lungs are filled with warm water, and then I am suddenly pulled back. Water is sweeping from me. "What, do not you want to live!?" On his face, before gray and weak, now is the rage. Madness sparkled in the murky eyes. "You still do not understand what you owe me?! You must live, because I tell you". He comes down to me in the water right in his black rags and boots. Blood and mud spread out over the water. McNair spells out his clothes and I hold hands for a lean body with protruding bones and covered of tattoos. We not hurrying, rub each other's bodies with soap, without touching the most sensitive places, from which I shiver with unrest. I caress and study the male body. The excitement covers me as he approaches me, and the maniac expression begins to play on his elderly face. Noticing my confusion, he drops a little and bites my nipple with his teeth. McNair's fingers glide along my spine, and this starts shaking me. I cling more tightly to his bony shoulders. I'm scared that I want to be closer to him. "Relax". He whispers. It makes a sharp movement and a sudden pain pierces me like a knife. It happened. He makes a groan, as if he feels the same as I, only stronger. I look into muddy eyes, in which, apart from the glint of insanity, something else splashes now, hot and dangerous. He is very strange and frightening cuss. "You're alive for me." He lifts me, slightly exiting, and again pushes himself. It hurts, but I want this pain already, because it's a lesser pain than any that could have caused me the most horrible executioner of my dreams. The pace is increasing. A moan breaks from my lips next to his. Suddenly he stops, and I feel that my neck is touched by a magic wand. "Crucio" He says. For what is that? That a sick psycho. Again I feel myself at the Malfoy Manor, and Bellatrix hangs over me. Their Crucio is equal in strength and I can not take it. "You like it?" I hear remotely through the pain that is tearing apart. "I'm asking!" "No..." I answered. "I like this". He revels in the pain of his victims. He is can not live without it, and from now on, I must endure it on my own. He removes the spell, and, suddenly, I feel the apparatus. We find ourselves on a soft and dry bed. His face burns with fanatical fire. "You are mine". He abruptly enters me, and his movements become nervous and harsh. I'm catching on his bony back. His body is stretched like a string, he rushes breathing, and suddenly, my body curves to meet him, and a wave of magical bliss runs through me. McNair groans. "My". I bite his shoulder. It probably hurts. And the second wave covers with a head. There is nothing, no me, no war, not time, no executioner. Only death is now - infinite beginning and two beating hearts. I hear this beating and I know whose it is. Walden McNair, the executioner, is breathing heavily on me. I'm in hell but this can not happen on Earth. I was with, perhaps, the most eerie killer of Voldemort. I begin to tiptoe in the area of the stomach. Or maybe it's another - butterflies overwhelming me, who want to fly out. I'm crying like a torrential rain over the Tower Bridge. He slides down on his back and lights a cigarette. He is pale, not middle-aged, with an unpleasant, arrogant face. He does not look like the guy I should meet at my age. But I'm shaking when I look at him. I pass a hand over his chest with tattoos. I'm confused. How to be further? He turns his head in my direction, and answers my unspoken question: "You can stay with me, but I'll have to hide you. Or you can go to the Muggle world and change the name, but you'll have to erase the memory of me, starting with the third year, otherwise I will be identified by applying to you the Legilimency. I will not offer to you anything. I do not want to forget him. Not this ... He is my first love, my nightmare, my executioner, my savior... "Let's cut off Voldemort's head." I offer. He smiles, showing his teeth. It is for the first time. And it distorts me when I see his iron prosthesis. The picture from the ninety-third year again clearly pops up in my memory. On my back runs cold. Such a deep and passionate kiss I have never had. Tobacco smoke is clouding my brain. Let the time continue to remain motionless. Somewhere from the side there is a noise. The black raven flies into the open window and sits down on the ax.