identity. Remus was a very pleasant looking young man with honey-brown hair and lips that looked ever so full and soft. He was gorgeous . Sirius wanted to run back to his room to scream into his pillow but instead he tried to remain calm and continue about his business. He silently made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and tried not to think about the hottie who was still casually hanging about in the kitchen, an angel gracing mere mortals with his presence. "So… umm.. How are you?" Sirius asked. "Fine," Remus said. "That's good," Sirius replied, feeling stupid. This guy clearly wasn't interested in talking to him. Out of your league, Black, give it up. "Do you like living here?" Sirius said. "Sure," Remus said. The time to retreat is now, Sirius told himself but couldn't seem to stop himself. "So what do you do? Are you in college?" Sirius asked, hoping they would at least have that in common. "No. I… uh… I write," Remus said. "Oh really? Like what?" Sirius asked. Remus looked uncomfortable and ready to flee at any moment. Good going, Sirius, he told himself. "Fanfic," Remus said with a worried look on his face, aimed at the floor. "Really? I read fanfic. What fandom do you write?" Sirius asked, smiling at Remus with interest. "I've really got into Stucky shipping," Remus said. "What's Stucky?" Sirius said. "Oh uh… the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Captain America. It's uh… have you seen The Winter Soldier?" Remus asked. "No. I don't really watch that many movies anymore. I saw Iron Man ages ago," Sirius replied, cursing himself for rejecting all of James and Peter's invitations to watch those films. "Oh… Well, you should watch the Captain America movies. Winter Soldier is great. Anyhow, Stucky is from that," Remus said, seeming to warm up a little. "Oh. Well, maybe I will. Then I could read one of your fics!" Sirius grinned but Remus looked sort of mortified despite nodding. "Well… it was nice to meet you, Remus," Sirius said his sandwich fully prepared and no longer providing him an excuse to remain. "You too," Remus said. "Oh, hey. We should exchange numbers. Could come in handy since we live together," Sirius said, setting his plate back down and pulling out his phone. "OK," Remus said and they both repeated their numbers to each other. Of course, Sirius wanted Remus's number for other reasons but had no intention of abusing the power. He didn't want to lose contact with the reclusive hottie who lived in the attic. "Well, umm… Goodnight," Sirius said and went back to his bedroom, where he set his food down then furiously texted at James as fast as he could get his fingers to move. Why didn't you tell me he was hot? Remus hit send and waited for a reply. I… literally did You undersold it. He is sooo hot. Which one do you mean? Sirius! Oh. Right. Yeah, he's hot too. Remus stared up at the wood ceiling of the attic. He kept replaying the conversation in his mind and picturing Sirius's smooth, dark hair and grey eyes. Picturing the shapes his thin lips made when he spoke. He was tall and slender and had an aristocratic look to him, at least as aristocratic one could look in pyjamas. Remus's phone chimed. Anyhow, glad you are making friends with the new roommates. Same. Thanks. Was this what a crush was like? Why did it make him feel so anxious ? It was exciting but also sort of terrifying. He wanted to talk to Sirius again but he was also afraid to talk to him again. What if it went poorly? After all, he still knew nothing about Sirius. Maybe he should've asked Sirius some personal questions. Maybe it was wrong to just let him ask the questions. How did people even manage shit like this? No, it was much easier to be alone. Much safer. He shouldn't pursue such flights of fancy. He laid in bed and tried to put the grey-eyed Mr. Black out of his mind but found little relief from his feelings. Sirius woke up exhausted the next morning. Thoughts of the reclusive Mr. Lupin had made achieving sleep difficult. Sirius was angry with himself. This sort of thing happened to other people , not him. Sirius had always been so good about not letting attractions overwhelm him but there was something different about Remus. But how? He didn't even know anything about him! Sure, he did. He was hot. Really hot. He didn't understand how someone so beautiful could be so shy and unsure. He wondered what his lips felt like. He wondered… No, he couldn't get started down that track again. That was what lead him to not getting any sleep in the first damn place. Still.. Sirius knew that no photograph he had ever taken was as beautiful as Remus Lupin. But Sirius didn't do photography anymore. Not since… Painful memories were bubbling up to the surface. Sirius closed his eyes and took some deep breaths. He couldn't let himself go there, not right now. He checked his phone and felt his heart begin to race when it showed he had a text from Remus, pushing his pain aside. Hey, lemme know if you watch any MCU movies. Or um.. Idk. We could watch some together if you wanted. Sirius glared at the text with wide eyes like he was holding the secret to the darkest questions of the universe in his hands. Sure. That would be cool. Well, I've stepped right in it now, Sirius thought, clutching his phone to his chest. He was waiting for a chime signaling Remus's response and thought to himself that this was what it was like. This was the stupid shit people wrote songs about, the stupid shit people fucked up their lives over and the worst part was that he had never been more excited in his entire life.