this?" She shrugged. "Why not?" And then she really was turning away, leaving Harry to mull over mysterious warnings and mashed potatoes. He spared a quick glance at Jack and Ginny, before returning his attention to his food. It was as if his conversation with the girl to his right went entirely unnoticed, which wasn't a surprise. There was too much excitement in the air and, well, Harry Potter was invisible. Harry finished with his supper quickly, and then stood up to leave. On his way out of the Great Hall, he stopped to ask the sixth-year female prefect, Emily Camp, for the password to Gryffindor Tower, and then he was on his way. He waited in the corridor just outside the doors to the Great Hall for almost five minutes before he was joined by Neville, and, two minutes after, Luna as well. "I was right," Neville said, as they started on their way towards the Ravenclaw dormitories. "Our prefects are Ernie and Hannah." "Padma and Michael," Luna informed them. Harry nodded thoughtfully. "I've got Granger and Weasley," he said. "Which means that I'm going to have to be extra careful this year. My guess is that Granger will take her job seriously." "Padma as well," Luna said. Neville didn't even bother to mention his own prefects. They didn't matter, not really. "Maybe we should refrain from meeting after curfew this week," Harry suggested. "We'll learn their schedules and then plan around that." Luna nodded her agreement. "I'll have you know that I have a ton of ideas for the year." "So you said." She grinned mischievously as they came to a stop at the portrait leading into the Ravenclaw Common Room. "I better get inside before the little ones arrive." She quickly hugged them both, before she hurriedly responded to the proposed riddle and disappeared from sight. Neville looked at Harry. "Has she told you any of her plans?" He shook his head as he started them walking again. "She's a sinister little thing, that one." Neville didn't respond immediately. "Are you seriously considering trying out for the Quidditch team?" he asked, finally voicing the question that'd probably been playing in his mind all day. Harry sighed. "To be perfectly honest, Nev, I haven't yet decided," he confessed. "It seems like it'd just add so much stress to my already jam-packed O.W.L. year, and my mum's all miffed about it. Plus, you look like you might even start crying." "No I don't." Harry chuckled. "I'll see how I feel," he said. "It'll probably depend on how much of a git Jack is this week." Neville shook his head. "You just want to turn this entire school on its head, don't you?" Harry grinned in response. "Wouldn't it be fun?" "I think that you and I have vastly different definitions of the word 'fun,'" he said, rolling his eyes. "You're just playing with fire, Harry." "Maybe I am," he said, sighing. "But aren't you tired of being invisible? I know I am." "Is this about Voldemort?" "No," he replied quickly. "This is to do with me ." "Not Jack? Not your father? Not even your mum?" Harry brought them to a stop. He always told his best friends the truth, and this time would be no different. They knew practically everything there was to know about him anyway. "I can't say that they aren't a factor - my mum especially - but this really is to do with me. I've spent a lot of time thinking about it." "I can tell." "Are you mad?" Neville shook his head no. "A head's up would have been nice though," he said, shrugging slightly. "Because, the second you step out into the light; you're taking us with you." "Will I have to drag you, or are you going to come willingly?" They shared a laugh, and then continued on their way in silence. Once Harry dropped off Neville at the Hufflepuff dormitories, he practically sprinted to Gryffindor Tower. He arrived just before Ron and Hermione appeared with the newly Sorted First-Years. He was taken aback by how small they all looked, wide-eyed, excited and nervous. Had he also been that small in his first year? Harry disappeared through the portrait hole, barely looked around the Common Room, and made his way up to the boys' fifth-year dormitory. Thankfully, it was empty. He quickly located his trunk, which was at the foot of his new bed, and he let out a relieved breath. They'd been a time when his trunk didn't arrive, in his third year, and it was now always a struggle for Harry to leave his expanded trunk on the train for the House Elves to bring it up to the Castle. It wasn't that he didn't trust the House Elves; it was that he didn't trust his roommates. Harry had learned that the trunk ha d arrived, but Jack and his friends had taken it somewhere . They'd managed to get it open somehow and gone through his things, ruining things, stealing things, and now Harry made sure to arrive early enough to make sure it was safe. It also helped that his mother added her own protections to the trunk. Harry kneeled down in front of his trunk, unlocked it and popped it open. There it was . His brand new broomstick. A broomstick that may or may not see the light of day, with the way things were going when it came to his mother and his friends. Right now, it didn't matter what he decided when it came to the Quidditch tryouts. Whether he did or didn't was unimportant. If Harry truly did decide that it was time for him to stand up and get noticed, Quidditch would just be a platform. One of many. Because there were other ways. And, being the son of Lily Evans, Harry Potter had thought of nearly every single one. It was his time now, and people had better get ready.