look at the watch and realized she left it on the kitchen counter. She immediately summoned it and put it on as everyone is gathered in the bedroom. She has the watch project the images so everyone can see what's happening. All the Weasleys and Hermione watch as Harry is continuously kicked and punched by his overly large uncle, while Dudley and Petunia cheer him on. Suddenly, Vernon hits Harry in the side of the head so hard he immediately goes limp and falls to the ground unconscious. The entire room went completely silent in Mr. and Mrs. Weasley's bedroom as Harry fell to the ground. Ron breaks the silence as he becomes frantic thinking his best friend as well as his first friend that's not related to him is gone at the hands of his uncle. Fred grabbed his brother and began to settle him down. Out of the corner of his eye George sees Harry start to stir awake and immediately got the attention of Fred who pointed it out to Ron. They watched in horror as Mrs. Dursley threw an old rag at him and told him to clean up the mess he made as soon as he was finished being a 'worthless lie about'. Harry went in and out of consciousness for the next half hour. Arthur ran over to the Floo and immediately flooed over to Dumbledore's office. He arrived at the Headmaster's office and saw that Albus and Snape were having a late-night tea with each other. "Albus! Severus! Harry's in trouble! He needs to be rescued from the Dursley's IMMEDIATELY!" Arthur said with urgency. "Arthur, I'm sure that Mr. Potter is perfectly fine with his relatives. They are probably already fast asleep in their beds as we speak." Albus told Arthur calmly. "Now that I think about it, it is getting quite late, Severus I do hope you don't mind me turning in for the evening, so if you'd excuse- "Albus was cut off by Arthur. "NO! ALBUS DUMBLEDORE, YOU NEED TO ACTIVATE THE ORDER. THIS IS URGENT!" Arthur boomed. His face becoming more and more red. "Now what trouble did Potter get himself into this time? Can't the spoiled brat at least take the summer off without needing to constantly be saved from some nonsensical situation?" Snape said with a sneer. "PROFESSORS, HE'S BEATING THE CHILD TO NEAR DEATH. HIS UNCLE. HARRY WILL BE DEAD BEFORE MORNING IF HE ISN'T RESCUED IMMEDIATELY. WE SAW IT ON MOLLY'S WATCH YOU HELPED ME FIND THE CHARMS TO MAKE. IF YOU DON'T ACTIVATE THE ORDER I WILL GO DOWN TO SURREY AND KILL THE ANIMAL MYSELF!" Arthur screamed. Albus and Snape immediately jumped out of their chairs hearing this news and Albus instructs Arthur to send his Patronus to Molly telling her to stay put until they have more information on what's going on with Harry. Back at the Burrow, Molly is inconsolable with guilt over forgetting to put the watch back on while being comforted by Bill and Fleur. Ginny and Hermione are hysterically crying over the state of Harry and are being reassured by Ron. The twins had just returned from their bedroom with a rucksack filled with various wheezes from their joke shop to use on the Dursleys for hurting their 'adopted little brother' when Arthur's Patronus appeared in the middle of the bedroom. "Everyone stay in that house until I let you know what's going on. Albus, Severus, and I are headed to the Dursley's to rescue Harry right now. Bill, I'm putting you in charge to make sure no one leaves that house under any circumstances until I return. I want you all to stay right where you are. I love you and will be in contact soon." Arthur's Patronus faded out of the room and Bill immediately spotted the twins trying to sneak out the door of the bedroom. "WHAT PART OF STAY PUT DID YOU NOT UNDERSTAND YOU TWO?! DAD MADE IT PERFECTLY CLEAR TO STAY IN THIS ROOM UNTIL WE HEAR MORE!" Bill shouted at Fred and George. "we were putting these rucksacks back that we packed to make those Dursleys pay for hurting Harry. Chill!" Fred said as George stood gaping at Bill shocked. "Oh, okay. I will just send them to your room for you then." Bill told the twins. "Okay, thanks Bill. You know, you've never yelled at us like that. I was ready to wet myself." George told Bill while handing over the bags. "Sorry, I'm pretty worried about him too. Why don't you two go and stay with those three until we hear something. Okay?" Bill said pointing to Ron, Hermione, and Ginny. "Sure thing! We will keep their minds off things!" Fred said proudly as they walked over to where the three teens were sitting. Back at the Dursleys, Harry is finally able to stay conscious and is slowly trying to lift himself up enough to get on his severely bruised knees to wipe up his blood from the floor with the rag. He finally pulled himself up from laying on the floor and sat there on his knees gaining his balance. Once he got his balance he went to grab the rag when Vernon kicked him hard in the back knocking out his breath. His vision became fuzzy once more, but he grabbed the rag and began to clean up the blood when he saw his uncle's shadow towering over him preparing to kick him in the side as the door blasted off its hinges revealing professors Dumbledore and Snape as Vernon landed a nasty kick at his side. "Help… Me… please. "Harry said as his world became black once more. A/N: Let me know what you think in the comments! Should I continue on, or nah? Let me know! I will start planning for the next chapter possibly tomorrow and will have Chapter 2 up as soon as I can, If I am asked to continue the story! Thanks!