palms. Every terrible scenario flashed through his mind, but it wasn't until she started to speak that the wizard really started to panic. "Why didn't you just tell me?" Harry was confused, that was a given, but he had the wherewithal not to speak. She didn't sound angry, just determined and, he supposed, hurt . But why? Hermione stepped further into Harry's study, her eyes never one drifting away from where he was seated behind his desk. "I mean, wasn't it a little irresponsible to send something that important in a letter?" That made Harry frown. "Hello to you too, Hermione," he said, standing up and moving around his desk. He perched himself on the edge and folded his arms across his chest, waiting for her greeting. "Hi," she said impatiently. "Now, tell me what on earth you're talking about?" Hermione moved towards him while she fished the all-important letter out of her pocket. "Explain this to me," she said tiredly. Harry, thinking nothing of it, took the parchment from her and proceeded to read. Slowly, somewhat dangerously, his face lost all colour. Desperately trying not to react, Harry raised his gaze to look at her. "Where did you get this?" he asked seriously. It was Hermione's turn to frown. "It was sent to me more than a year ago." Harry blinked. "What?" "Harry?" "I never sent this letter," he said automatically. Hermione took a step back. "You didn't? That isn't your letter?" Harry dropped the letter onto the desk, not wanting to touch it anymore. He knew that he could lie, but that wouldn't get him any answers. And, really, maybe they did need to talk about this. Nothing about his love for her had diminished, and it was threatening to ruin his life. "I wrote the letter," he confessed; "but I didn't send it. You were never supposed to know." As he finished speaking, he thought of what might have happened, and his anger spiked. "Kreacher!" It took a moment for the ageing elf to show himself. "Kreacher, tell me the truth: did you deliver this letter to Hermione?" Kreacher blinked innocently. "Which letter is that, Master Harry?" Harry's eyes narrowed. "You bloody well know which letter I'm talking about," he hissed. "The one that I distinctly remember throwing away ." The little elf visibly cringed. "Did you or did you not deliver this letter?" It looked like it hurt him physically to admit to his discretion. "I did." For a moment, Harry didn't react. It was one thing to guess at what happened, and entirely different thing to have it confirmed. If Kreacher delivered this letter more than a year ago, then why was Hermione bringing it up only now. Was she trying to hurt him? "Leave us now," Harry said curtly, and the elf quickly popped away. The wizard turned his attention to Hermione, who looked equally perplexed. "You never meant to send it?" Harry nodded. "It doesn't matter now," he said, just managing to keep the emotion out of his voice. "If you've had it all this time, then I can only assume that you didn't say anything for a reason, so I'm just trying to figure out why you're bringing this all up now." Hermione blinked, trying to get a handle on her thoughts. "I didn't know," she finally said. "You didn't know what?" "How you felt." "But, if you have the letter - " "I received the letter today, Harry," she said, cutting him off. "Ron had it this entire time." Harry's eyes bulged at the sound of that. Ron knew? Well, that would explain the way he always made it clear to Harry that Hermione was his and nobody else's. "But...? I don't understand." "And you would if you'd bothered to talk to me in the last six weeks," she said stiffly. Harry dropped his gaze, suddenly embarrassed. "But I finally understand why you avoid me so much," she said, understanding in her tone. "Not that I condone it or anything like that." "What's happened?" he asked quietly, somewhat nervously. "I broke up with Ron," she said quickly. "It was complicated and messy, but it's over now. Officially. Which is why I think he sent me your letter. Some kind of penance for cheating on me, maybe." Harry's eyes snapped towards her. "He cheated on you?" he croaked. Then, after clearing his throat, he practically growled. "How stupid can a bloke get?" Hermione shrugged slightly. "We weren't a good fit," she said; "you could see that better than anyone, couldn't you?" "That doesn't detract from the fact that he's a filthy scoundrel," Harry said hotly. "Relationships are sacred; important things. I mean, who in their right mind would give you up?" "You did." "That's different," he said, automatically getting on the defensive. Hermione took a small step towards him. "I didn't know, Harry," she said gently. "I can't say that I know what I would have said had I read the letter back then, because I haven't been that person for quite some time. I do think that Ron and I needed to run our course." Harry nodded thoughtfully. Her features softened, and she looked almost playful . "But I do know what I'm going to say now ." Harry waited, not trusting himself to speak. "I do prefer the former," she said, smiling slightly, which went a long way towards confusing him. "Huh?" he began, but was silenced when Hermione pressed her lips to his, effectively silencing him. His brain shut down, and his eyes closed, as he lost himself in the feel and taste of her. When Hermione pulled away, she couldn't help the slight giggle that escaped her at the dazed look on his face. "I still don't understand," he managed to say. "You prefer the former?" Hermione tilted her head to kiss his lips again - once, twice - and then she smiled contently. "Sunshine and roses, Harry," she said softly, happily. "Definitely sunshine and roses." . Fin