by placing Harry with a blood relative, I can extend that magic to protect Harry as long as he resides with his Aunt." Sirius gave it some thought. Harry's protection was tantamount. And was he really up to the task of raising a baby? If Dumbledore could use Lily's sacrifice to keep Harry safe, shouldn't he let him? Then he thought of all of the times he had seen Lily crying after visiting her family. The things that her sister Petunia had said to her, had called her. "Freak" had been among the nicer names Petunia had called Lily. And James had said that Vernon was worse—a large, boorish bully who wanted nothing to do with magic. Then he thought about the day James and Lily had asked him to be Harry's godfather, and how much it meant to him when Lily said that there was no one else she would entrust her son to. "No," Sirius said. "I'm sorry, Dumbledore, but Harry will stay with me." "Try to see reason, Sirius. The magic I can invoke by entrusting Harry into his aunt's care is unbreakable. It would guarantee that Voldemort could not touch him." Sirius gritted his teeth. He knew that Dumbledore was just trying to do what was best for Harry, but at the same time it angered him. With effort, he kept his voice level. "It's not that I don't see the wisdom in what you say. Professor Dumbledore, you know I hold you in the highest regard, and I would not carelessly cast aside your advice. But do you have any idea what it would be like for Harry to grow up in that household? Petunia completely withdrew her love and acceptance from Lily after she found out that Lily was a witch. She made Lily's visits home torture!" "Well, I understand that it might not be the most idyllic of childhoods for Harry to be raised by his aunt and uncle, but at least he would be safe," Dumbledore argued. "I want more for Harry than safety," Sirius said. "I want him to be safe, and happy, and loved." There was silence in the room for a few moments. Sirius could tell that Dumbledore was trying to mount another argument. "I agree with Sirius," Snape said. Sirius and Remus looked at Snape in shock, but Snape continued. "Albus, you do not know the woman. I do. She is nasty, spiteful, vindictive, and hateful. If we allowed her to rear the child, who knows how he would turn out?" "I'll help you raise 'im up, Sirius," Hagrid offered. "I'd protect Harry with my life." "Well, you know I will help you with Harry," Remus said. "As will I," said McGonagall. "And I," said Snape. "I still think-" Dumbledore began. "With all due respect, Albus," Remus said, "Sirius is his godfather. Legally, he is responsible for the boy." "Well, yes, that's true," Dumbledore admitted. He twisted his face this way and that, as though arguing with himself internally. Finally, he gave Sirius a small smile. "In that case, I place myself entirely at your disposal, Sirius. If it is in my power to aid and protect Harry, I will do it." "That's settled, then," said Remus. "We need a plan of action. A way to keep Harry safe from any of Voldemort's followers." "I propose we go on the offensive." The quiet determination in Minerva McGonagall's voice gave Sirius a shiver. "Really, Minerva?" Dumbledore asked. "Absolutely, Albus. The best defense is a good offense," she replied. "I think the muggle expression is actually the reverse of that phrase," Remus commented offhandedly. "But I rather find myself agreeing with my esteemed professor." "I have spent the last several years with the Dark Lord and his followers," Snape said. "I would imagine the information I have could prove quite useful." "I will assemble the Order of the Phoenix at once," Dumbledore said. "Sirius, we need to find a safe place for you and Harry to live. I would permit you to stay here longer, but I can't put the students at risk." "Why would having them here put the students at risk?" McGonagall asked. "Yes, Dumbledore, and why was Harry the target? Why did Voldemort want to kill him, specifically?" Remus asked. But it was Snape who answered. "There was a prophecy. In essence, it identified Harry as the one who would be able to bring down the Dark Lord." The occupants of the room sat in stunned silence. How could Harry possibly have the power to kill Voldemort? He was only a baby! "I will summon you all when I have convened the Order," Dumbledore said imperiously. "Severus, stay behind, if you please?" The others rose to leave the room. As they walked along the corridor, McGonagall sighed heavily. "There are arrangements to be made, Sirius," she began. "Of course, if you want to handle them yourselves, I would never think to intrude. You and Remus were their closest friends, after all, but if you should want any assistance, I am more than willing to help." At first, Sirius didn't know what she was referring to, and then it hit him. The funeral. Oh, bloody hell, and they had just left last night. Had left Lily and James lying there! McGonagall seemed to know what he was thinking. "Professor Dumbledore went to Godric's Hollow last night before he retired. Their—well, they are here, at Hogwarts, with stasis spells upon them." Sirius felt a great rush of gratitude towards Dumbledore in that moment. He had been so tired and so worried about Harry that he hadn't thought to retrieve the bodies. Grief overtook him again, and he buried his face in his hands. "Your help would be much appreciated, Minerva," Remus said. "Very well, then," McGonagall said. "If you would care to accompany me back to my office, we can begin making the necessary arrangements." Remus and Sirius nodded their agreement, and they went to perform the sorrowful task.