am a bit more laid back and a bit less harsh with pranks, If I do say so myself. I know what you're thinking Percy, and I can assure you that it was as much my idea as it was Fred's to send you the pile of dung a while back, and you're welcome." George said smiling as he looked at his audience. "Do you guys realize that this is the longest I have spoken without having someone start or finish for me in my entire life? I didn't think so. So on that note, Yes I miss my twin brother, and feel like a half-eaten apple, but he wouldn't want all of you crying over his death, he'd want you out there celebrating his life. So, go out and set off your Whiz-Bangs! Go prank a loved one just to hear them laugh! Because in the end, that's what he would want after all." George finished. He returned to his seat for the rest of the Funeral. Finally, the Ceremony Official finished his closing comments and the Weasley family including Harry and Hermione who were basically Weasleys at this point went up to pay their final respects to their son, brother, twin, or friend. Before the casket was closed, George took Fred's medal out of his pocket and placed it into his brother's hand and gently closed it. "Here you go Fred, you earned it." George said wiping away a tear and then headed inside. Everyone decided that George could skip out on helping with the clean up since he had been through enough for the day. The backyard and inside was finally cleaned up around 9pm so they all decided to sit in the sitting room and chat for a while. "Harry, aren't you going to try those Phoenix tears for your legs?" Arthur asked Harry. "I thought maybe you all would want me to wait until morning?" Harry replied. "Nonsense. Go and get yourself ready for bed and just call for us when you're ready. We all want to be there with you no matter the outcome." Molly declared. Harry went to his room and got his suit off and changed into his pajamas and called the rest of them in. Molly, Arthur, Bill and Fleur, Charlie, Percy, George, Ron and Hermione, and Ginny all walked into his room. "Professor McGonagall gave me these vials of Liquid Luck hoping they would help me heal my legs." Harry told his family. "So here goes nothing." Harry took a swig of the Liquid Luck and waited for the potion to take effect. A few moments passed by and he knew it was in full effect because he knew exactly how he needed to use the tears. He asked Molly to summon a small vial for him and she handed him the vial. He poured the tears into it until it was full and then poured the tears down his throat. "So… how are they?" Ron asked. "A little salty, definitely not my drink of choice." Harry replied laughing. They all laughed at Harry's joke and finally Harry started feeling something. "What does it feel like, Harry?" Hermione asked intrigued. "It feels… warm. Like someone has just wrapped me in a towel with a warming charm on it. It feels like every ache and pain in my body is just melting away. It's almost like slowly lowering yourself into a warm bath. Yea, it's exactly like that." Harry replied. Finally, after about five minutes Harry's entire body was wrapped with the warmth including his legs. "My legs! They feel warm! I can feel warmth on my legs!" Harry exclaimed. Molly wrapped Harry in one of her bone crushing hugs and Ginny gave him a brilliant kiss as Arthur and Ron sent for Harry's St. Mungo's Healer. About ten minutes later, the two men brought the Healer into Harry's room. She bustled over to Harry's bed and did the test on Harry's legs once more without telling him. "Ouch! What was that for?!" Harry nearly shouted at the Healer. "To see if you can feel your legs. And as extraordinary as your case has been from the time you were brought from Hogwarts until now, I never thought I was going to be able to say this. Harry, you're no longer paralyzed. With a bit of physical therapy, you will be back to yourself in no time." The Healer replied to Harry. "YES! I had a feeling it would work after I took the Liquid Luck! I will be able to fly on a broom again! I will be able to use the washroom by myself! I won't have to worry about there being steps when I go somewhere, I am able to walk again!" Harry said with happy tears flowing down his face. "You still need the wheelchair until your legs learn the walking motions again. You haven't used them since May 2nd and it is currently May 23rd, that's quite a long time and you would have lost a lot of your muscles to walk from your legs. No worries though, you should be up and walking with a few days of intense physical therapy. Now, since I'm already here, I may as well check on the status of your other injuries." The Healer told him. The Healer checked his head, and all his other internal injuries and although he was still tender where he has his new scar from the killing curse, everything else was completely healed. She gave him instructions on where to go the next day for his first session of physical therapy and she was on her way once more. Since Harry's injuries were all healed, he didn't need to take any potions before bed. The Weasleys all congratulated Harry and they went off to their respective rooms for bed. I am currently writing the next chapter named 'One Step At A Time', and I should have it finished by within the next week. :)