twat for me. I'll owe you one,' she begged in desperation. 'Who is that?' Hugo questioned, making an attempt to smother another laugh. 'It's Lachlan," replied Lucy. ' Come on out, darling Rosie.' 'Lachie Mclaggen?" asked Hugo. 'Are you sure Freddie gave him something? It isn't a far cry from his usual behaviour.' Lucy laughed. 'Oh, don't look so down, Rosie. The prefect on patrol should be by soon to drag him away.' 'He is the prefect on patrol,' snapped Rose. 'And so am I. And I'll bet Freddie knew that.' 'How did he become a prefect, anyway?' Hugo pondered. 'Merlin knows,' Rose groused. 'He did well on his OWLs. And his behaviour is almost exemplary towards everyone except girls his age. It's hard enough having to be in the same house as him. But the same year level? And he's a prefect too?' ' My sweet Rose petal, you could not possibly do any better than I. I, your humble servant forever more. Utter but one command from those sweet, sweet lips, and how could any man say no?' 'Poor Rosie.' Lucy patted Rose's knee sympathetically. 'Does he often chat you up?' 'He'd chat up anything in a skirt,' griped Rose. 'So if Hugo wore a skirt-' 'Hey!' Hugo protested. ' Allow me just one kiss, my darling Rosie Weasley, and I might be content for just five minutes.' 'Good grief,' hissed Rose. 'Will someone do something ? Get Louis before I kill Mclaggen and the two of you become collateral damage,' she growled at Hugo and Lucy. ' Let me in, my lovely Rose petal. Open up the door to this carriage. Open up the door to your heart.' 'Why doesn't he just come in? The door isn't locked,' said Hugo. 'He fancies himself a gentleman.' Lucy giggled. ' Rose! Oh, Roooooooose!' Rose stood up abruptly and slammed open the door, wand in hand, mind made up to hex Lachlan… …Only to find him knocked out cold, slumped over and being held up by Scorpius Malfoy under his arms. 'I thought you might need some help,' said Scorpius. His breath quickened briefly as he shifted Lachie's weight around so that he could pocket his wand. Rose looked surprised. 'What did you do to him?' She asked Scorpius, appalled. 'Somnum Incantatem,' replied Scorpius. A spell that puts someone to sleep for under an hour. Rose wanted to be grateful. And she was. But a small part of her also felt defeated, like she should've thought of it herself. It had been such a simple fix. 'Thanks,' she murmured. Scorpius nodded at her, flaxen hair falling charmingly across his forehead, steel grey eyes boring into her. 'Sorry about knocking him out. I'll help you patrol while he sleeps.' Then he turned around and hauled Lachie down the corridor before she could protest. 'Awww,' said a voice beside Rose. Rose jumped a foot in the air before turning to Fred Weasley with an icy glare powerful enough to freeze over the sun. 'Blimey,' said Fred. He backed away from her slowly, tugging nervously at the roots of his spiky black hair with one hand. 'Lovely chat. Sad that it's ended. I'd best be heading off, then. See you around, Rose!' With that, he took off racing down the corridor opposite to the direction in which Scorpius had dragged Lachie. Rose stomped her foot petulantly. 'Just you wait, Fred Weasley!' She screeched after him. Spotted: His Royal Smarminess, Lachlan Mclaggen, serenading fellow sixth year Ravenclaw prefect Rose Weasley – only to be intercepted by the one and only Scorpius Malfoy. With two suitors to her name before the school year has even begun, could love be on the horizon for our Rosie? XOXO, Gossip Ghoul. 'I appreciate your concerns, Miss Weasley, but there is hardly anything we can do for you at this point,' said Professor McGonagall as she sat upright behind the large claw-footed desk in the headmaster's office, face as pointed and pinched as ever. Rose fought to ignore the snickering and snorts coming from some of the previous headmasters' portraits. She glanced briefly at Professor Dumbledore's portrait for a moment, in which the twinkle of his eyes had disappeared behind closed lids as he snoozed gently. Then she turned back to McGonagall. 'But why, Professor?' She asked. 'Surely something can be done to remove the allowance of anonymity in posts?' Rose had gone straight to Professor McGonagall's office after the sorting ceremony and dinner to report the slanderous nature of Gossip Ghoul's posts and to see if anything could be done about it. 'I'm afraid not,' Professor Mcgonagall replied. 'Magitech was created for use largely by students, for their own convenience. Its messaging and notification features are meant to increase ease of communication amongst students. Students are allowed to post anything they want on it, to anyone they'd like, as long as it is not obscene, does not threaten the reputation of the school, and does not pose a direct threat to anyone.' Rose's shoulders slumped in disappointment. 'But it's obscene and threatening to me,' she protested rather weakly. McGonagall leaned forward, elbows resting on her desk, chin sitting upon her steepled fingers. 'Miss Weasley,' she said with a tiny smile. 'So far, I do not foresee any problems with this 'Gossip Ghoul'. These are merely childish antics, and they will pass, as everything passes. You mustn't let a few silly rumours get to you.' Rose nodded, resigned. 'Yes, Professor. You are right, of course.' McGonagall sat back in her chair, satisfied. 'It is settled then. I do thank you for bringing your concerns to me rather than dealing with them yourself. It shows maturity. You are dismissed, Miss Weasley.' 'Dealing with them myself,' Rose muttered to herself later, as she descended the spiral staircase coming down from the headmaster's office. From: 'Rose Weasley' [rosew1_magitech] To: 'Gossip Ghoul' [gossipghoul_magitech] Subject: blank Message: Who are you? From: 'Gossip Ghoul' [gossipghoul_magitech] To: 'Rose Weasley' [rosew1_magitech] Subject: Re: Message: It's a secret.