what you could possibly have to talk to her about. Perhaps some scandalous secret love affair?" I was unnerved by how close the girl's teasing came to the actual truth, but did a good job at hiding it. Gagging noises from the brown haired guy next to her drew our attention. "Please Tracey I'm still digesting my breakfast and I don't need thoughts of Potter defiling our precious Slytherin Ice Queen." The girl smiled mischievously at him before turning back to me. "Don't mind Blaise here. Like I said go ahead Potter." I was grateful that they didn't mind me talking to her, but was also slightly curious as to their reactions. I had expected them to be angry at me or resentful. However they seemed to be indifferent to my existence and it was actually a nice change from the normal. I made my way over to Daphne and knelt down so that I wasn't hovering over her. I gently shook her shoulder to wake her up. Hey eyes fluttered open and turned so that our faces were only inches apart and I felt my breath hitch in my throat as I got lost in her stare. Too quickly the moment was over though as Daphne sat up slowly and looked at me. Now that I was actually in front of her and I had confirmed she was real, I didn't know what to do or say. I hadn't really had a plan other than to thank her, but I couldn't do that with her friends here as I didn't know how much they knew. "Sorry to wake you Daphne, but I was wondering if we could talk for a few minutes." I wasn't prepared for the next reaction I received. Instead of the warm responses I had received the night before I was now on the end of a cold stare devoid of emotion. "Potter why the hell would I want to talk to Gryffindor's golden boy? And who gave you permission to use my first name? You may refer to me as Miss Greengrass." I didn't know how to react or what to say so I did the only logical thing that came to mind. I turned and left the compartment. I didn't run or flee, I simply just left. I walked back to my compartment where I once again applied a locking charm and some other minor privacy charms before laying down and closing my eyes. I hoped to escape the hurt that had built up in my chest at her reaction to seeing me in my dreams. Unfortunately all I did was change one misery for another as the second I fell asleep I found myself once again in the graveyard. I was under the Cruciatus, but this time it wasn't stopping. I could feel the tears leaking from my eyes and I couldn't stop the screams that eventually ripped free from my throat. I woke up in a panic as I felt two arms slide around me and pull me up. I went for my wand only to have my arms held down to my side. "Harry calm down! It's just me, it's Daphne. You're fine and in the train compartment on the express." Her words brought me back and I started to take in my surroundings. I pulled my hand free to wipe at the tears that had leaked out of my eyes. I couldn't believe she kept finding me in these horrible times. It really wasn't a mystery to me anymore why Daphne wanted nothing to do with me, every time she saw me I was reduced to a mess of tears. "Why are you here Miss Greengrass? I thought you wanted nothing to do with me?" A sharp stinging in my cheek caused me to turn and face her as I watched her drop her hand back to her side. I reached up and touched the place where she had smacked me. "Don't be fucking stupid Harry. I couldn't very well just greet you like we were best friends or something. For one that would make Tracey and Blaise very suspicious, hell they already are thanks to you wandering in looking for me. But they aren't the main concern. If Malfoy had come by and seen us talking then once he finds out that I'm no longer pure his simple mind would have jumped to conclusions. Even if he is correct this time there is no reason to even let him think that I was with someone outside of Slytherin and make myself and my family even bigger targets." I hadn't thought about any of that. I had been selfish and only thought of my needs. I forgot how much danger I could have put Daphne in by associating with her. I was a danger to anyone now that Voldemort was back. "I'm sorry. I was selfish. It won't happen again." Daphne nodded her head in agreement which caused my heart to sting at the loss of a potential friend. "You're right that it won't happen again. Let's get something clear here Potter. Last night was a onetime thing and not something that will ever be repeated. We did it out of necessity, not because we have feelings for each other. Like I told you, sometimes the benefits outweigh anything else. Do you understand?" I knew Daphne was right. I didn't have any feelings for her, and I wouldn't be able to have any for anyone else either. It would be way too dangerous for them with Voldemort after me. I nodded and dropped my head to stare at my hands. I barely took notice of her slipping out of the seat and leaving my compartment as I was so lost in my own thoughts. I laid back down again hoping to get some sleep even with the nightmares returning. If I couldn't find some way to keep them down it was going to be one long, lonely, and sleepless summer.