they headed for their daughter's room. James and Albus quickly followed. Lily was in her room, putting something in her wardrobe. She shut it quickly when she saw her parents and brothers in the doorway. She smiled angelically at them all. "Everybody play?" she asked. " Lily, do you know where James' homework is? Or Albus' book?" asked Ginny. Lily leaned against her wardrobe. " Jamie, Albie, no go school," she said. Harry, Ginny, James and Albus came into her room; the boys sat on her bed. "What about Daddy's wand and badge, and Mummy's wand?" asked Harry. " Stay home. Everyone stay home," pouted Lily. " No go." " Lily, come here, sweetheart," said Harry gently. Ginny sat next to him as Harry lifted their daughter onto his knee. " Lil, do you miss everyone when we're at work and school?" Lily nodded. " No go. Stay home and play." "Boy, she has got a one track mind," said James. "Lily, you know Daddy has a job working at the Ministry. James and Albus have to go to school every day. You'll go too, one day," said Harry. Lily stubbornly shook her head. " Nah-uh. Stay home wiv Mummy." "But Lily, even when Daddy is at work, or James and Albus are at school, they're thinking of you," said Ginny. James leaned over to whisper in Albus' ear. " Do you think of Lily when you're at school? Me neither," he whispered, when Albus shook his head. Ginny shooshed them with a simple look. " That's because you're in Mummy and James and Albus' heart, right here," said Harry, putting a finger on James and Albus' chests. He tweaked Lily's nose. " And you are in Daddy's heart, right here. Feel," he encouraged. Lily touched Harry's chest. "When I'm at work I know Mummy, James, Albus and you are all there, and that makes me happy." " And Daddy, James and Albus always come home, Lil," said Ginny. " Teddy go 'way," said Lily, stubbornly. In all the Potter's minds and hearts, Teddy was a part of their family. "Teddy is a big boy at Hogwarts but he'll be home soon. We're due for a letter from him this week," said Harry, thinking of his godson. " Maybe tomorrow you can draw a picture to send to Teddy," suggested Ginny, " and we're going to the Burrow after we drop the boys to school." " Aw, no fair," cried James. Albus looked put out too. "Jamie, Albie- Lily is here," said Lily, pointing to a spot on James' chest. "That's right, sweetheart," chuckled Harry. "Now, about that homework, and book, and wands," said Ginny. Lily hopped off Harry's knee and went to her wardrobe. She opened it, and the cat sprung out. Lily giggled and dragged a box out of the wardrobe. "My book!" cried Albus, in relief. "My homework...and my broom," cried James. " How did you get that up here?" Lily giggled mischievously. Ginny went and grabbed the rest of the things. " Harry, your badge, your wand, my wand...the car keys! Floo powder, Lily?" Lily grinned angelically. "Boy, she really didn't want us to go anywhere, did she?" asked James. "Well, right now she has to go to for a bath, then bed," said Ginny. "No go," said Lily, crossing her little arms over her chest. "Then you won't see Hugo at the Burrow tomorrow," said Ginny, copying her and crossing her arms over her chest. Hugo was one of Lily's favourite people. " Okay, Mummy," she said, and Ginny took her by the hand down the hall to the bathroom. "Guess Hu-go replaced no go," quipped James. Harry chuckled and hustled his sons out of Lily's room and downstairs to pack up their school bags, ready for the coming week. Twenty five years later Harry and Lily reached the head of the aisle. Looking ahead, they could see Ginny, sniffing into a handkerchief, James and Albus smiling by her side. Guests looked at them both, smiling from both sides of the aisle. "Ready?" asked Lily, breathlessly. She went to take a step, but Harry didn't move with her. " Dad?" she asked, looking at him in concern. He looked at her with so much love in his eyes, she had to draw a breath. "No go," he said sadly. Lily smiled tearfully; it had become an ongoing joke amongst her family about a time when she was only two. Only the five of them, plus Teddy, knew the two words guaranteed to set off either her temper or her tears, depending on the situation. Her dad had said the words to her when it was finally her turn to go to Hogwarts, and again, when she went overseas for her first cursebreaker assignment. She knew he didn't really mean it and would never stifle her. Still, she and her parents, her dad especially, had a special bond. She also knew her family adored her fiance, soon to be husband, so it wasn't anything against him. But she had always been a daddy's girl, and her mum had told her he was having a hard time letting go. This was so much more than school or work. "But Daddy," she said softly, " I'm always in here." She put her finger on his heart. Harry grabbed her hand and brought it to his lips, kissing the back of it. "You'll always be my little girl, Lil." She smiled; she had never looked more beautiful, more like Ginny to him, than this moment. " I know. I've always known that you and mum have got my back...but I'm going to do this, Dad. I love him, and he loves me." Harry nodded, looking down the aisle where a nervous groom was watching worriedly. He took a deep breath and looked back at Lily. "Ready?" She smiled, threaded her arm through his and together, they took a step forward. A/N Happy 19 Years Later! Happy September First. xx