Lopez looked up again, unsure. His words had sounded sincere but he couldn't possibly mean it could he. But his face held as much truth as his voice did and, although uneasy, a small crokard smile was sent his way. A smile that made his heart speed up just slightly inside his chest. He had speak to Draco tonight, find out what this feeling is. "What are you reading?" the question is unexpected and makes Lopez freeze slightly. No one outside of Ravenclaw or his family ever asked him about his books. His face lit up like a lightbulb. "It discusses the rules and reregulation's around magic and how to manipulate and change magic on an atomic level. It's amazing!" He launched into a long and excited explanation on his current book. While Harry looked intrigued he had looked just the slightest bit confused for a while. He didn't interrupt, however, a small endearing smile on his face and his eyes alight with wonder, the same way the Lopez's own were. It was only when the sun began to set, the rain having stopped at least an hour before that he dared to speak. The conversation had somehow gotten muggle physics verses magic manipulation laws, and as interesting as it was, they needed to go to dinner. "Lopez," his voice was gentle, quiet, "We need to go to dinner." Lopez shook slightly, his head turning to the side. His eyes sparked for a second and then he smiled kindly, a confused look passing his face. It was as if the Ravenclaw was coming out of some kind of trance and it was rather disconcerting for Harry to witness. "It is rather late, isn't it?" black eyes looked around at the darkening sky, "yes, time for dinner." The smile that was shot at Harry made his heart beat madly in his chest. The Rave stood up with a flourish that somehow didn't fail to come across as elegant, waving his hand quickly across everything and it vanishing as if it had never been. Although, he supposed it never really had. Behind him he heard a small sound of shock, and looked at the older boy in slight confusion. Why was the boy shocked? Green eyes were wide, his mouth open slightly and his eyebrows drawn up. "You can do wand less magic to?" Oh, right. Lopez forgot sometimes that he could, that he was strong enough to. Not like he was crazy strong or anything but he could do many complicated spells both silently and wordlessly. He always forgot that not everyone else could. But then that word, to? A bright smile spilt his face. And he nodded, "I didn't know there was someone else who could at Hogwarts, you can?" Harry nodded, giving Lopez that smile that made his heart buzz. "Well, I guess we should be getting to dinner, huh?" "Yeah," and although he hadn't been hungry earlier he was suddenly starving, longing the feeling of meat in his mouth. Hmm, meat. The two walked slowly back towards the castle, idle talk filling the comfortable silence between them. In a single moment of clarity, Lopez looked up at the other, the castle doors just a little bit away's now. He pouted. "You're eating at the Gryffindor table aren't you?" "yeah," it seemed Harry was rather disappointed to be separated from the comfortable silence that reined between them too. Lopez felt it odd, to be so easy around someone he had just met a day before. Most made him uncomfortable, uneasy. And he was sad that he couldn't eat with the gryff. And then they were at the door to the great hall, other students still filtering in through the open doors. Lopez smiled at him shyly. "Thank you for listening to me ramble, I know it gets annoying." For despite what some thought he was aware that he drifted into mindless chatter that few could follow when he really put his mind to it. Harry shook his head, that damn smile present, "No, it was interesting. Maybe you could tell me more about it sometime?" and damn that just made Lopez blush. No one ever wanted to hear about what he found interesting, no one ever wanted to know. It was always too much for them. He nodded enthusiastically before they had to part and he resisted the urge to reach out and touch the others hand gently. It was weird and he didn't like it. So, instead of heading to the Ravenclaw table he headed to the Slytherin one, where he knew Draco would welcome him. Few were aware of their connection but they accepted Lopez, if a little hesitantly. He sat next to Draco, giving him a hug and smiling. "Hello Lopez, what's up?" "I need to ask you something Draco," that was new and the look of confusion that spread across the other blood face was kind of hilarious. Lopez rarely asked Draco things. "Okay…" it was hesitant but it was denying. "I met this person and somethings happening but I don't know why." All around those around were listening in, not even bothering to be discreet about it, and a look of amusement crossed most of their faces. Draco looked both amused and slightly alarmed. He made a continue motion with his hand, nodding. "They make my heart beat faster and they smell so nice and are so pretty and I don't know why? Do you know?" Draco let out a bark of laughter, smiling. Before a look of dread crossed his features. His little brother had a crush, someone was trying to take away his little brother from him. And if this someone hurt Lopez there would be hell to pay. But first he needed to explain what was happening. He let out a small sigh and noticed all those around holding in laughter. He glared. He opened his mouth slowly to explain and promised pain to everyone in his house. They were dead.