and then proceeded to speak. "We've all been working very hard this year," she began, holding their attention in a very Harry-like way. "I know I'm not the only person who's proud of the progress we've all made. We will probably have only one more meeting before we break up for Christmas, which is why I thought it would be a nice idea to do a DA Secret Santa." She waited for the murmuring to erupt and then die down. From the mixture of confused and excited faces, she knew she was going to have to explain. "Basically, a Secret Santa is when you receive a gift from someone who picks your name out of a hat," she explained crudely. "I have this hat here," she said, taking the Santa's hat from Harry as he handed it to her; "and what we'll do is put everyone's name into it. Of course, not everyone has to participate, but I reckon it will be fun. You might have to get a present for someone you're not particularly close to, but you get a gift out of it as well, and I think it will help us learn about one another." She paused to make sure people were still paying attention. "We'll trade gifts during our last meeting next week, and note how there is a Hogsmeade weekend strategically placed between now and then. "With that said, this is really just a little game, which means that the presents shouldn't be big or expensive, just thoughtful." She glanced at Harry again, and he nodded encouragingly. "I thought maybe, on the pieces of parchment, we could also list a few things that we like, just to make it easier for whoever ends up picking us." She was met with silence, but she soldiered on. "It's something light, to try to take away from all the dark we've had to deal with this year, so, umm, how does that sound?" There was more silence. "I think it sounds great," Harry suddenly said, to which several people started to agree, much to Hermione's relief. She threw him a grateful smile, which he acknowledged with a nod. Hermione proceeded to hand out the little pieces of paper. "So, just write your names on the top, and then a few things that you like. For example, umm, I like books and I like knitted things... things like that." She wasn't sure why she blushed, but she did, and Harry's knowing smile didn't help. "Just random things, really. Once you're done, just fold the piece of paper, and pop it in the hat." She held the hat out in front of her. Of course, she and Harry had already done their lists, so they were the only two left with nothing to do while the rest of the group busied themselves, some of them having to dig deep to discover what they actually liked . "What if we get someone we don't like?" Zacharias Smith asked. Harry and Hermione exchanged a look, before Harry spoke up. "What would you like someone to get for you if they were to pick your name?" he asked pointedly. It was no secret that Harry wasn't particularly fond of the loud Hufflepuff, and the fact that he'd responded at all to Smith's question was enough to let everyone know that Harry felt quite strongly about the spirit of this game being played out the right way. Wisely, Smith didn't respond, and just popped his name into the hat. Once all the names were in, Hermione gave it a thorough shake, mixing up all the names until she was satisfied. Harry chuckled on her left side, and she looked at him quizzically. "I think it's enough, Hermione," he said, sounding amused. She flushed. "Go on," he said, prompting her forward. "It's a Secret Santa," Hermione reminded them as she approached the first group of students. "So don't let anyone know who you've got; it takes away from the fun that way," she instructed as Ginny Weasley pulled out the first name. Everyone watched as she unfolded the piece of paper and smiled. The redhead had to force herself not to look in the direction of her chosen name, which made Hermione smile. "Luna, you're next," Hermione said, and so it went on. "Remember, this is all for a bit of fun, so don't go overboard, and do try. We need some Christmas spirit." Harry merely watched as Hermione commanded the room with the kind of grace that he was coming to associate with her. She moved from student to student, a small smile framing her face. This was a great idea, and he couldn't help letting her know when she finally came around to him and Ron. "Just pick," she said, her cheeks tinging pink. Harry did as he was told and reached into the hat, keeping his eyes on her as he did so. "You are so weird," she finally commented, as she moved on to Ron. Harry didn't say anything as he peeked at his piece of paper. He had to school his features to make sure his face didn't break out into a full on grin. He might have even done a small happy dance if he wasn't in a crowded room. Without saying a word, he pocketed the piece of paper and looked around, somewhat surprised to see several eyes on him. Mostly girls. Of course they'd want Harry Potter to have picked them. Once Hermione was sure she'd gone through everyone, she returned to her initial position between Ron and Harry. She was, of course, the last to pick, seeing as she had been the one walking around with the hat. She stuck her right hand in, picked up the last piece of paper and unfolded it. At first, she was convinced that her eye were deceiving her, but a few blinks later; the name was still written there in scrawl that she knew all too well. Harry Potter.