the shape of his cheeks again. Sirius then felt cool pressure on his hole, circling with a finger. "Oh. Hm," Sirius softly moaned. Sirius felt Remus slowly slide a finger inside of him. Sirius had fingered his own arse before but it wasn't really the same thing. Remus slide himself deeper than Sirius had ever been able to manage on his own and when he hit the right spot Sirius moaned, "Oh, there!" Remus slowly slid the finger in and out of Sirius's arse. Sirius had heard rumours about a spot in the arse that felt nice but had always assumed it was a load of bollocks. He was rather pleased to find out how wrong he truly was. As nice as Remus's finger was, Sirius couldn't help imagining Remus's cock inside of him. If just a finger felt good surely so much more would feel… better. But Remus really was so large… "Add another finger?" Sirius requested. Remus pulled his finger out then poured a little of the fluid on Sirius's hole making him giggle with how cool it was before he pushed two fingers inside. "Ahh," Sirius moaned, liking how much more full he felt. "That's nice, is it?" Remus said, his fingers sliding in and out with amazing ease. "Very. Oh, Merlin," Sirius moaned. Sirius rubbed his prick against the bed, feeling himself growing desperate for friction again. "Third finger?" Sirius asked. Remus poured more lubricating potion then added a third finger. Sirius loved how full it made him feel. He never realised he could stretch so much. "Moony… I want you… I want you inside of me. I want you to… make love to me," Sirius begged. "Are you sure?" Remus asked. "Very. Just be gentle," Sirius said. Remus climbed off the and Sirius turned to watch him slick up his shaft before getting back on the bed. Sirius rolled over onto his back, wishing to look his lover in the eyes. Remus smiled as Sirius spread his legs and lifted his arse up. Remus pressed the head of his cock to Sirius's hole and rested it there. Sirius closed his eyes and enjoyed the heat and sensation of it. He then gently nudged the tip inside, Sirius feeling grateful they started with fingers. Already he felt so full and there was so much more of Remus to come. Remus pulled the tip back out then slid it back inside, letting a little more of himself ease in. Sirius watched with fascination as Remus repeated this. Remus's face looked terrified and fascinated. He was licking his lips repeatedly as he continued the slow motion of easing himself inside. After a few minutes Remus had managed to get an inch or two inside. He thought Remus was being even more cautious than necessary which was both sweet and sexy. Remus continued to ease his way in and it seemed to get faster as they went along. Sirius began to stroke himself, watching Remus's face and enjoying how excited he seemed. A few minutes more and Remus seemed to be as deep as he could go. He slowly thrust in and out of Sirius while he gazed down with his deep brown eyes. There was nothing frantically randy about this. Remus was being slow and gentle, his eyes displaying a tenderness that warmed Sirius's heart. Sirius was afraid to speak, lest he ruin the moment. Sirius felt utterly filled with Remus both literally and figuratively. He could see and feel Remus's love and tears filled his eyes. "Are you all right?" Remus asked. "I'm perfect. You're perfect," Sirius said. Remus dropped down, pushing his weight down on Sirius. Sirius clutched Remus's back tightly as he slowly pumped himself deep. Sirius sucked at Sirius's neck as Remus moaned. "I love you. You have no idea how much… Ahhh… how I much… needed you," Sirius moaned. "I need you too. I need you so much, Padfoot," Remus said. Sirius felt so connected and complete. It was like all the noise in his head was silenced and they were all that existed as Remus slowly thrust inside of him. Every deep, slow thrust and arch of Remus's filled Sirius thrills he never knew possible. "I want you to come in me. Please come in me, Moony," Sirius urged. Remus increased his pace, still pushing as deep as he could go with each thrust. Remus's faced twisted with pleasure. "That's good. Keep going. Come in me," Sirius urged again. Remus was breathing hard. Sirius could feel his bollocks slapping his arse. "Uh huh. Oh. Mmm," Remus moaned, sounding close. "I love you, Moony. Come for me," Sirius begged. Remus's body shook and he moaned, "Oh, Padfoot! Ahhhh!" Sirius could feel Remus pulsing inside of him as Remus buried his lips into Sirius's neck. "Yes. That's wonderful," Sirius moaned, feeling elated. Remus continued to thrust even as Sirius could feel him growing soft and slipping out of him. Remus started to collapse but somehow pulled himself up. He looked down at Sirius with a smile. "Looks like you've still got a situation," Remus said. "Will you watch me come?" Sirius said as he reached over and slicked up his fingers with the lubricating potion. "I would love to," Remus said. Sirius slicked up his cock and stroked in a brisk rhythm. Remus watched him with wonder. Sirius stared up into his eyes as he quickly stroked himself to climax, shooting his spunk onto his belly. Remus smiled proudly as Sirius breathed hard. He hadn't realised how tired and sore he had made himself until arousal slipped away. Remus dropped next to him and they kissed, Sirius finding it difficult to move. "I think I need some tea. Shall we have a break for some tea" Sirius asked. "Yes. Then maybe we can snuggle some more while I read to you," Remus said with a bright smile. Sirius smiled and kissed Remus again. "That sounds lovely, Moony," he said then climbed out of bed.