his arms and back. "We're going to be okay. Space will make it better, and time will make it heal. It's going to get easier." She said the words to convince him, but she was really trying to convince herself. Hermione wasn't sure how long they lay there, comforting each other in silence, but even grieving human beings had to eat. At the first sound of Harry's stomach growling, he sat up, pulling her up with him. He enclosed her in his arms one last time, even kissing her forehead. "Thank you," he whispered, before he rose to his feet. Hermione put out her hands, and he automatically pulled her up. They both stretched, even yawning simultaneously, which made them each let out a light laugh. "Food," Harry said. Hermione nodded. "I feel like pizza." He smiled. "You always feel like pizza," he pointed out. "I was thinking I could whip up some kind of soup or something. Is that okay?" Hermione nodded vigorously. "Yes please." Still smiling, he took hold of her hand and led the way down the stairs to the kitchen. He released her hand to start with whatever he was going to do and Hermione went to turn on the television. "What do you feel like watching?" she asked. "Do you think you could turn on the radio instead?" he asked kindly, his eyes desperate. Hermione made quick work of turning one noise-producing device off just to turn on another. She searched through the stations until she found a song she recognised. She then made her way towards the kitchen counter, sat down on a stool and waited. She watched Harry work in complete silence. She was actually quite mesmerised by and jealous of the ease of his movements in the kitchen. She absolutely loved it when he cooked for them. It was like he was letting her in on another beautiful piece of him. "Can I help?" she asked, her hand fidgeting. Harry gave her a sideways look, his eyes glinting with something. Mischief? Could it be? Without a word, he set a small chopping board in front of her. He picked out a few vegetables from his own pile and placed them on the chopping board. When he handed her the knife, he said, "Chop those. And please don't cut yourself." "I'm not entirely hopeless in the kitchen, you know," she pointed out as she got to work on a potato. Harry didn't respond as he busied himself with an onion. They worked in silence for a while, the comfort of it too enticing, but Hermione promised him that they would make each other face it all whether they liked it or not. So, clearing her throat, she asked the question: "What happened today, Harry?" Harry's hands paused for a moment, more shocked by the sound of her voice than the actual question she asked. He waited while he thought about what had actually happened. "I saw the lights," he admitted. "I didn't, umm. I thought, umm, we were back there. And I just knew I had to get down. Then, once I was behind the table, I remembered that the war was over." He looked at her. "But it isn't, is it? It still lives inside of me, and I can't help feeling like whoever I was is slipping away from me. Who I want to be again is getting away from me." Hermione stopped what she was doing and got up to hug him. He let her. They smelt so much like each other that Hermione was convinced they would end up defining their own, mutual scent. It was quite a pleasant thought as she kept her arms wrapped around his shoulders, tears threatening to fall. When Harry released her, he looked considerably calmer. "Now finish up with my ingredients," he said, eyes glinting once more. "I need them in that pot before the water starts to boil." The two of them worked quietly and efficiently until Harry was dishing out the wonderfully smelling soup into two separate bowls. Hermione was just finishing with the toast and carried the plate to the dining table. Harry set the bowls down on the table before rushing back to the kitchen to get some salt and pepper. Not that he thought they'd need it. Hermione had to admit that the whole thing felt so normal. She'd never actually lived alone with anyone before Harry, and she wasn't counting the tent during the Horcrux hunt. She refused to count that as living. So she'd never expected living with Harry now to be so pleasant. Despite the whole toilet seat problem, of course. While they ate, Harry started to talk about the song that was playing, and how it reminded him of a day at the Dursleys before he'd even started at Hogwarts. He mentioned it fondly, which worried her for a moment. He talked about being sent out into the backyard to do some gardening or something, and he could hear music coming from the neighbour's. In light of everything that was happening in his life, he clung onto that sound, using it to keep going. When Harry looked at her, she was quite certain there were tears in her eyes. He reached across with his napkin and dabbed at them. "We're going to be okay, Hermione," he said softly. "You'll see. You and me. We can do anything." His words did little to help with her already erupting emotions. And when he asked her to dance, she all but lost the fight to hold back her tears. She was such a mess. Had been since she'd cried at the sight of his dead, unmoving body. Hermione leaned into him, resting her head where his chest met his shoulder. She could feel his heart beating; probably the greatest reassurance there ever was. He was here with her; he was alive. And, somehow, between the two of them, they would find some way to keep on living.