breathy. Had she just called out his name Harry thought to himself. She was calling out his name as she writhed and shook underneath her hand. 'Harrrryyyyy' she hummed as she began finding her release. She had definitely called out his name. So many emotions rushed through Harry's head. He wanted more than anything to storm straight in there and take her up in his arms and ride out her orgasm with her. But this was wrong, he had promised himself he would let her have her life, let her fulfil the life he knew she deserved to have. He was intruding on this moment and going against his word to leave her alone. Harry dashed towards his room slamming the door much too forcefully than he had intended behind him. He felt himself burning up and the rather hard lump in his trousers didn't seem to be going anywhere so he decided to take a shower to cool himself down and relieve the throbbing that was insistent below his trousers. Dipping his head under the cold water relief rushed over his body. Gripping his hard length in one hand whilst steadying himself against the tiles of the shower wall with the other he began to stroke himself, all the while picturing a beautiful red haired girl. The only person he ever pictured whilst touching himself. As Ginny fell over the edge, the warmth spreading from her core up her entire body in small but strong pulses as the familiar feeling crashed over. She snapped open her eyes hoping to capture Harry's green ones behind the door. They weren't there. Had she imagined it or had he really been stood there watching her? She hoped it was the latter, in fact she was almost certain he had been there watching. Slightly frustrated she got up and made her way towards his room. She wasn't sure what she was going to say but she marched forcefully towards his room still clad in only a bra and her now completely soaked knickers. After noticing the door was wide open and no Harry inside Ginny decided he must have been in the bathroom brushing his teeth or something so without thinking she walked towards the bathroom and opened the door. She hadn't been paying attention and failed to hear the sound of the shower. Standing there with his eyes squeezed shut, one hand holding the shower wall and the other gripping his hard length was Harry. Ginny felt her cheeks flush and a familiar warmth spread between her legs. He looked positively glorious. The water cascading down his muscle defined arms and torso. His hair dripping with water, falling messily around his forehead and down the back of his neck. She knew she should leave, he would surely open his eyes any moment and see her standing there but Ginny couldn't pull herself away. Against her best judgement she wordlessly cast a hiding charm as she moved closer to the other side of the bathroom, her eyes still fixated on him. Harry continued to stroke himself, moving his hand to run through his sopping black hair, thrusting with more force into himself. Picking up the pace he continued to pump his hand along his hard length. Stretching his hand out to steady himself again on the wall as he felt his release coming ever closer. Ginny saw his lips part and his tongue dart out to wet his bottom lip, then bringing it between his teeth and biting down on it. She almost groaned out loud seeing his plump wet lip push against his teeth. She wanted to draw it between her own. Harry released his bottom lip, slowly parting his lips and Ginny was sure he would groan. She knew Harry and knew his noises and they always drove her wild so she braced herself, pushing her hand between her legs to provide some momentary relief. Harry continued to pump harder and harder before stuttering and jerking 'G…G…Ginny uhhhhh Ginnnnyyyy' feeling his release as he emptied himself onto his hand. Ginny froze. Harry had just said her name. He had said it twice. He had been thinking about her as he wanked. Elation and confusion wracked through Ginny's mind having a fierce battle of who was supreme. Did this mean Harry still wanted her, like really wanted her or had she just been the last female he saw today so was easy wank material? She didn't know what to think but he had just tossed himself off to her in the shower. Stifling a squeak of elation Ginny stayed as still as she possibly could whilst Harry finished his shower and wrapped a towel around his waist, leaving the bathroom to walk towards his room. Letting out a sigh of relief Ginny removed the invisibility charm still on her and gripped onto the sink with both hands, shaking slightly and struggling to steady her breathing. She would talk to Harry tomorrow, properly this time to see what was going on. She knew if she spent enough time she would be able to get Harry to open up a bit more about what he actually feels towards he, if anything at all. She couldn't go on with this confusion and pent up tension for much longer. What she had just witnessed only added to the confusion. Splashing cold water over her face and drawing her hair into a messy bun, Ginny made her way back to her room, sliding underneath her sheets and succumbing to sleep. Dreams filled with a certain Green eyed, messy haired man who had her heart whether he wanted it or not. A/N: I hope whoever is reading this enjoyed it. As I said before this is going to be a multi chapter story so be prepared for lots more to come! I'd really appreciate any reviews and advice as I am new to all of this! The next chapter should be up within the next day or so!