breathed as he slammed into her, feeling his cock twitch hard then almost painfully spasm inside of her, a warm burst of pleasure filling him. "God!" James groaned, feeling like his body was trying to desperately squeeze any come out him it might have left. They collapsed in a sweaty, naked heap, neither of them able to say much as they breathed. "So much… for our shower," Lily said as James gently rubbed her soft back. "Yeah," James said, not able to conjure up thoughts deeper than that. Lily finally turned to face him again so that she could kiss him then whisper in his ear, "Man… I thought I was gonna wear you out today. Turns out you are more than up to the task. How're your balls feeling?" Lily laughed and James replied, "They hurt… in a good way." "We should… go upstairs and get really fuckin' stoned," Lily said. "Sounds good to me," James said and Lily rolled off of him. Lily woke up when the front door slammed closed. She looked over at the clock. It was just after eight. After cleaning up downstairs, they had come to her bedroom and smoked enough weed to knock them both out. She was faintly aware that she was sore in a lot of different places. She checked her phone. Remus had texted her to say that he and Sirius'd had a lovely day and he would catch her up tomorrow. He also warned her that they were on their way home just in case, though that was an hour ago. She got up and dashed over to the bathroom. On the way back to the bedroom she bumped into Remus who was headed back to the attic. "Hey!" Lily said, hugging her best friend tightly. "Hey," Remus said. "Nice day?" Lily asked. "Yeah. You?" Remus asked with a knowing grin. "Hell yes. Did you kiss him?" Lily said. "No!" Remus whispered, looking paranoid, as if Sirius might be right behind him. "Dammit. What the hell?" Lily said, placing her hands on her hips. "I… we're… I'm not… It just hasn't happened yet!" Remus whispered. Lily sighed and shook her head. "You boys are impossible!" Lily said, playfully elbowing him then going back into her bedroom. James was awake, the lamp on and his back against the headboard. The covers were down to his waist, leaving his wonderful torso exposed. "Hey," James said with a grin. "Hey. Boys are home," Lily said then dashed over to the bed, quickly crawling over to James and pushing herself next to him against the headboard. "I heard. Guess the fun is over," James said. "You're not gonna leave are you? Stay with me. Watch something with me," Lily said. "Can I go pee?" James said. Lily laughed. "Obviously, dork," Lily said. James opened his eyes. It was still night. He had fallen asleep watching whatever anime it was that Lily had put on and now he was on his side with Lily on her side, her body pressed against his. "Are you awake?" Lily said, apparently noticing him moving. "Yeah. Sorry," James whispered. "No, it's fine. I can't sleep. I'm still kinda horny," she admitted then snorted. With a mention of sex he realized that his dick was hard and nestled against her bare butt, that was wiggling a little. "Do you mind if I use my vibrator? I really need it," Lily said. "Go ahead," James said. Moments later, a buzzing sound began beneath the covers, Lily making a pleased sound. James pressed his cock against her, wanting her to know he was still turned on. Eventually she said, "You can fuck me if you want. I'll give you the stuff. Just gotta be quiet. Wouldn't want to wake up Remus." "OK. Yeah," James said. Lily reached over into her night stand then passed him the lube and a condom. Some rest had definitely reinvigorated him and he didn't feel as emptied out as he had that afternoon. He swiftly pulled his boxers down and put the condom and lube on. Lily lifted her leg and helped him to guide his throbbing cock to her entrance. He slowly pushed inside, Lily grunting and moaning as he stretched her. "Damn, did your dick get bigger while we napped?" Lily joked. James laughed and gently thrust into her. Lily turned up the speed on her vibrator. James could feel it and it only increased his own pleasure. His hand rested on her thigh which he lightly stroked, entranced by the shape of her body and the power of her sexuality. He pushed deep, wishing he could go deeper, if only to be as close to her as possible. "I'm really glad you moved in… you and Sirius. But right now… mostly you," Lily said, her voice seeming high and strained. "Me too. I'm glad I have you in my life," James said, kissing the back of her head. "I really love you. I'm glad we're together now. So glad," Lily said. "Me too. I love you too," James said, clutching the curve of her thigh, feeling her tightening around him. "Oh. I'm gonna come," Lily breathed and her body stretched as she moaned. James felt a rush of pleasure as he came hard, unable to hold on through his girlfriend's climax. As soon as they could relax, Lily pulled off of him then rolled over, pressing their mouths together for some deep slow kisses. "You make my life better," Lily whispered in his ear. "Can't ask for much more than that can we we?" James said. "Not really," Lily said then kissed him again. Soon after they were back to spooning. James waited for Lily to fall asleep in his arms before he allowed himself to slip away. He was grateful that tomorrow was Sunday. He was grateful for all the time he had to spend with her. His mind tried to conjure up summer plans but instead slipped away into restful sleep.