of a moments doubt that he'd ever see his family again. He felt a presence behind him, but feeling familiar curves pressed against his back immediately made him feel better; home. "You better have a new sexy scar to show me after coming home so late," she whispered sexily in his ear. She kissed his back and across his shoulders, while her hands settled on his hips. His body stirred in eager anticipation. "How did it go?" she asked gently, sensing he didn't really want to talk about it. He winced, hating to keep things from her. But this, it was still too raw. "If I tell you, I'll have to kill you," he joked. She hesitated, then, "Top secret, huh." He knew she knew he was tense about the case, but appreciated her attempt to go along with his silly joke. "Sorry, honey," he said, really apologising for a whole lot more. She leaned her face against his back, her hands sliding up. He linked his fingers with hers. "As long as you keep coming back...to me...to us," she said. He turned around and pressed her against the shower wall, plundering her mouth with his. Merlin, how he needed her. Needed her to come home to, needed her to protect their children when he couldn't, needed her to sustain him, as only she could. Needed to be in her right now. He parted from her, only long enough to turn the water off and open the shower door. Dripping wet, he picked her up and carried her from the ensuite bathroom to the bedroom. He placed her in the middle of the bed, then stood looking down at her. She held her hand out to him. "Harry, please." He crawled on the bed to her, a hungry lion seeking his mate. Her legs cradled him as he slipped between them; her arousal turning him on even more. He feasted on her breasts as he slid into her, and she held him to her chest, running her hands through his dripping wet hair. He'd thought there was no need to rush; he was where he wanted to be. However, at the first thrust, he felt a sense of urgency to show her just what he had missed most. Her. Always her. She moved with him, urging him on. She dug her nails into his arms, telling him exactly what she wanted, what she needed from him. He nipped her and grabbed her tightly; there would be bruises on her legs and hips tomorrow. He could tell she wouldn't mind. It was a rough, hard, fast coupling. It was what they both needed. There would be other times for slow, gentle and tender, or sexy and fun. He could feel his orgasm build, but he'd be damned if he came before her. By the sounds she was making, she was close. "Come for me, baby," he urged her. "I need to see you." She moved slightly, but it was enough to let him sink deeper into her. A simple move of the hips and her breathing became erratic. "Harry, Harry, Harry," she chanted, before falling over the edge. He pistoned into her, seeing her through her release. She clenched around him and he followed her, spilling his seed into her. He grunted with every thrust, feeling better with every second. Finally, they were done. He lay atop her, his head resting on her chest, feeling her heart beat slow down. She caressed his neck and the hair around it. "Time for a haircut," she noted drowsily. "Nah, think I'll grow it long-ish," he told her. She hummed her approval and he smiled. She had always liked his rough Auror look, the three day growth on his chin. "I need to go into the office tomorrow at some stage," he told her quietly. "After lunch," she said, in a tone he knew not to argue with. "You said you'd take the kids to Diagon Alley." His fingers caressed her skin, running up and down her side and cupping her breast. They heard the sound of footsteps, then the flush of the toilet. As a precaution, Ginny grabbed some knickers and a tee shirt, while Harry put on some boxers. It was a good and timely decision. The door opened and Lily put her head in. "Mummy, I had a bad dream. Can I sleep with you?" "Lumos. Of course, sweety, come here," coaxed Ginny, putting her wand back on her bedside table. Lily came over and climbed into bed. "Daddy, I dreamed you weren't really home, but still away." She was trying hard not to cry. Harry drew Lily into his arms. "I'm home, sweetheart. Home with you, James and Al and mummy." He kissed her forehead, while Ginny rubbed her back gently. They heard the door open again, and Ginny looked up. James and Al were in the doorway. "We heard Lil, so we were just checking," said Al. "She had a bad dream, but she's fine," said Ginny softly. She looked over to see both Lily and Harry had fallen asleep. She looked back at the boys. "You boys want to camp in here too?" she asked. Al nodded happily and went to get his pillow and quilt. James looked torn. "I'm a bit big to sleep with my mum and dad," he said. Ginny grabbed her wand again and expanded a corner chair into two camp beds. Al returned and hopped onto one. "Hey, I was going to have that one," complained James. "Quiet voice, James. Go get your pillow and quilt," said Ginny. Al hopped off his bed and lay in the other one. "I'm just glad we're all here together," he said. James returned and thanked Al, then lay his stuff on the camp bed. They lay there quietly, then Ginny said. "Me too, Al. Me too." "Night, Mum." "Good night, boys. Nox." The Potter family slept easily that night, the first time in over a week.