the end of everything had come. Voldemort would win, and Potter was going to give himself up to save those in the castle, but the rest of the world would burn. He remained there, still and quiet, he did not know for how long, until he heard Voldemort's lies, and saw the great procession of Death Eaters, with Hagrid, great, brave, ugly Hagrid, crying like a child as he carrried a body, lanky and thin, with a shock of black hair and a gleam of glasses on the face. He heard the despairing screams, more horrible than any he had yet heard, that echoed his own soul's cry, and penetrated the walls inside his mind. He followed the crowd with his eyes, wanting to see what was about to happen, but with a tremendous fear in his heart. He noticed his parents and grimaced, they were still alive, but for how long? Surely the Dark Lord would punish them for his failure. The procession of Death Eaters on one side, and the limping and bedraggled band from the castle on the other, met parallel to where he sat, and directly in front of him stood the Dark Lord, and Potter's body was on the ground, and the huge snake nearby. He heard Voldemort's cruel lies and was surprised out of his horrified reverie to see Neville Longbottom step forward and challenge the Dark Lord, with an air of permanent defiance on his ravaged face. He saw the sorting hat placed on Neville's head and burst into flames, and knew that another brave soul was going to die. But then, Longbottom broke out of the body-bind curse on him, and drew a sword, the sword Potter had had with him at Malfoy Manor, and with a great swing he swiped the head off the giant snake. And at the same moment, an echoing movement occurred on the ground, and Draco saw what no one else saw, Harry Potter leaped up, vanishing as he did so. Draco sprang to his feet; his eyes flashing icy fire and elation encasing his heart. He saw the shield spell that Potter flung between Longbottom and Voldemort. He moved through the shadows, quietly hidden, and watched Potter's progress towards the Castle, following the shield spells and curses that came out of thin air. And he followed suit, smirking at the irony, as he sent curses and jinxes from the shadows, keeping himself hidden because he knew that otherwise he would be a target for both sides. And then he was in the Great Hall, and he could hear his parents screaming for him, as he continued to cling to the shadows on the edges. And then, all the fighting was over, except for two battles waging in the center, Aunt Bellatrix and Lord Voldemort battling their adversaries viciously. And, as he watched in horrified awe as the three girls from his year battled his aunt, his parents finally stopped their frantic search right next to where he stood, and he grabbed them, and dragged them into the shadows with him. And his mother grasped his arm with an icy hand, as though unsure he was real. And his father, his face sagging and worn put an arm around his mother's shoulder, laid his hand on Draco's shoulder, and they continued to watch from the shadows. He saw Bellatrix almost kill the Weasely girl, and saw with amazement as Mrs. Weasely, threw herself into the battle, and killed his aunt. And as she died, he saw her crimes and her undying devotion to her Lord and knew that her death had to come, because she would never bend. Still, a small slice of pity pierced his heart, but before he had time to ponder it, The Dark Lord turned his wand on Molly Weasely, and a giant stag patronus erupted in the middle of the hall, deflecting the killing curse. And Potter threw off his cloak, and he stood before the Dark Lord, calm and unafraid. And as the two wizards circled each other, one with the demeaner of a snake, ageless in his hideous evil, and one young and defiant, their words penetrated Draco's mind like a physical shock. "It's your one last chance...it's all you've got left." * Potter spoke with power and confidence that Draco had never heard from him before. And there was a note of compassion in his voice that shocked Draco, as he stared at the scene before him, listening to Potter's next words with a fearful wonder. "I've seen what you'll be otherwise...be man...try for some remorse." And Draco's soul stirred in a way it never had before, and his hand convulsively reached for the book that had stayed with him all this time. Then, words reached him once more, and he drew in a sharp breath as he heard his name, "The true master of the Elder Wand was Draco Malfoy." And the thoughts that had entered him a moment ago, vanished as he gave a great start and stepped back. He could feel his mother's nails digging into his arm, and his father's intake of breath echoed his own. He heard the Dark Lord thrust aside his life with a word, as though it had never mattered, never been important. Then... more words ..."You're too late...I overpowered Draco weeks ago..." ad he flexed his fingers around his stolen wand, unconsciously, as his mother's grip relaxed and he felt her sag against his father. And then with a shout the Dark Lord fell, Voldemort was gone. And the mark on his arm that had burned all through the cold, violent night was suddenly cold and numb and free of pain. And he knew that Voldemort was finally dead. And, for the first time in weeks, he turned and looked his parents full in the face, as the hall around them errupted in jubilation. He was free. * Italicized words indicate a direct quote from the books. References to come.