"Poor James," sighed Sirius, using his wand to correct James' mistake. "There...g-r-i-p-h, hippogriph, then I can use the I for Gringott's, and five across will be..." /*/*/*/* "I don't know, Alice, I think James is having a bit of a midlife crisis. Even Sirius said he was a bit over the top, and that's saying a lot," said Lily, talking to her best friend, Alice Longbottom in the Floo, while glancing at Sirius, who was waiting for James to return. He had been gone all afternoon. "Oh, I think I hear him now, I'll talk to you later. Say hi to Frank for me." James came in carrying a small bag, his footsteps light. His face lit up at the sight of his wife and best friend. "James, you're back!" sighed Lily in relief. James nodded, looking at Sirius. "What are you doing here?" "Boy, is the memory going now, too?" joked Sirius. James scowled. "We talked about going to Diagon Alley?" "Oh, well, I already went. Lil, guess what, I got myself a job," said James proudly. He smirked at Sirius. "There's life in this old, er, dog yet...pun intended." Sirius smirked back. "A job? But...you retired, remember? Said you were happy to continue sitting on the Wizenmagot but wanted to spend more time with your grandkids and me," said a surprised Lily. James waved away her concerns. "I can still do that, it's just a few days a week. I'm the new creative consultant at Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes, Fred and George's shop. Those boys have got some great ideas, but they could certainly do with a bit of help from someone, er-" "Older and wiser?" suggested Sirius, nudging Lily. "With more knowledge," said James, shooting Sirius an annoyed look. "Now, if you'll excuse me, they've given me some products to test and possibly perfect." He turned to walk into the lounge, muttering, "Nasty Noughat? No- oh, Nosebleed Noughat, yeah, I like that better..." Lily sighed and shot Sirius a look. "Is my husband having a midlife crisis?" she asked, in half jest and half concern. "Nah, he's fine. The grandkids just took him by surprise yesterday," reassured Sirius. He shook his head when Lily offered him a cup of tea and a biscuit, vowing to stay clear of any treats from the Potter's in the near future. "They certainly seemed to run you both ragged," said Lily, amused. "It's that damn Potter/ Weasley combination of genes," grinned Sirius, "I don't know what he was expecting." "Well, at least he looks happier now than when he left," shrugged Lily. "Don't worry about James, I'll go grab him and take him to Diagon Alley with me while I get your robes fixed. I really am sorry about that, Lil," said Sirius. "It's fine. It was worth it to see you like that," chortled Lily. "I can't wait to tell Alice and Tonks." Sirius grimaced. "Yeah, well, Remus probably already told Tonks, he saw me when I had your wedding dress on." Lily burst into laughter. Sirius stood. "Think I'll just go and get James," he said. Lily followed him into the lounge, then they both stopped. James was in his chair, fast asleep and snoring softly. Packets of wheezes were still on his chest and lap. "He denies he's old, but then has a nanna nap," chuckled Sirius. "Hush, you," said Lily. She used her wand to Accio a blanket to cover him. She tucked him in and kissed his forehead. She then gestured for Sirius to follow her back to the kitchen. "You are NOT to tease him about this, Sirius Black!" she warned. "Aw, come on, Lil, just a little bit," whined Sirius, holding his forefinger close to his thumb. "No," said Lily, adamantly. "Besides, he's not old, he's in the prime of his life, and don't you forget it!" James enjoyed his work at WWW, and didn't even blink an eye when Harry and Ginny announced she was pregnant again, with babies number four...and five! He'd quickly worked out the best way to keep the grandkids amused was to let them try out and test potential products from the store, so he actually asked to spend more time with the grandkids. Ginny was concerned, but Harry thought it great that his kids loved spending time with Grandpa James. Lily was happy to see the grandkids more, too. James specialised in a line of safe but fun products for children under eight. Potter Pranks became one of the best selling lines of the store, making a lot of money for George and Fred, and James loved what he did. They all agreed it was the winning Potter/ Weasley combination that was the key to their success. There was no more talk of growing old, even when they all went to see Teddy Lupin off to Hogwarts for the very first time. Little James, not so little anymore, wished it was his time to go, too. "Your turn will come soon enough, James, and they'll be the best days of your life," said James to his namesake. "You'll meet friends, and maybe even meet your future wife," he said, with a look at his Lily, and to Harry and Ginny, holding their toddler's hands while comforting a sniffling Tonks. James and Sirius exchanged knowing smiles. "Wife-yuk! I'm not getting married till I'm really old...like, twenty," decided little James, wrinking his nose. "I'm gonna come and work with you at WWW, Grandpa," he vowed. "That'd be great, James," smiled James, as they turned to leave Kings Cross. "Hey, everyone, how about a trip to Fortescue's for ice cream, on me!" The Potter children and Hope Lupin cheered, and their parents smiled in agreement too. And as James looked around at his family, he realised that there were still so many more great days to come. He was grateful he had the chance to see his beautiful family grow and prosper. It was something he would never take for granted. -END-