even that meager break was ruined, except, of course, for Gabrielle's beautiful nephew Louis, because George was not there. The hint that there might be a conspiracy leading to George's absence came from the piles of paper in her father's den with circles made from colored wedges. Those provided enough evidence for Gabrielle to assign blame. The wedges meant a private computator, or "PC", the "PC" meant Philippe, and if Philippe was involved then that meant that the Weasley twins were Papa's silent partners. That was logic. It followed then, logically, that it was Fred's fault that the trip to Ukraine just happened to be during Gabrielle's precious week. This time, as the Burrow finally drew closer, the visit was more of a surprise, and the reason behind it still secret, in case there actually was a jinx. That is, a second jinx. The unannounced plans, thought Gabrielle, probably explained Maman's insistence on using the Winterhall Estate, even though Gabrielle was certain the Weasleys would not have minded the imposition. Mrs. Weasley would have welcomed them as enthusiastically as she did now, waving cheerfully from the window. The car rattled to a stop just past the house, halfway to Mr. Weasley's shed, in which the vehicle would probably be making a long stay. This did not worry Gabrielle, since that would mean that she would be making a long stay. She burst from the car, only to be rebuked by her mother. Gabrielle carefully rolled her eyes - before - turning back for an inspection, since that was a sign of maturity. Madame Delacour was out of the car quickly as well. She often said that wheels affected her humours. When Gabrielle came to her, she quickly ran her fingers through her daughter's hair. "Your hair is good… Not so… Where are your earrings?" Gabrielle could hear the ellipses, and that was another sign of maturity as her mother, in exchange for the lack of argument, supposed Gabrielle, began leaving off phrases like 'for once' and 'flat and dull'. Except, this time Gabrielle had made an effort and used the secret muggle salve on her hair. It had apricot extract in it. Allegedly, since the list of ingredients were neither recognizable potion fodder nor a list of botanicals. The concoction did, however, leave her hair just a little bit livelier and a little bit shinier. "Eh, I could not wear them because of the ferrets. The piercings closed up again." Having a jumping ferret dangling from an ear was not something worth repeating. Madame Delacour sighed quietly. Gabrielle knew that the jewelry was meant to draw attention to her ears, her reputedly best feature. But she had a picture now of one of her ears4, and it was, in her opinion, just an ear. There was no reason to go on giving it airs. Gabrielle turned back to the house. "Gabrielle," began the Delacour matron. "You may - borrow - this, - just - for today." In her hand was a bright red, silk scarf. The emphasis was, Gabrielle knew, not exactly intended for her, but for the lingering jinx that beset her as the Black Period continued. On the unfortunate day that it began, the day all her brains had forsaken her at the worst of moments, all her clothes had turned black. And, as if to prove Maman could become angrier, all the clothes that were meant to replace the magically ruined ones turned black too. If an item was given to, bought for, or bought by Gabrielle, it turned black. Somehow, clothes that were simply borrowed did not, if the lender really meant it. Which was a little worrisome, because the dress that Nona had forced on her once had not turned black. It remained its ugly dirt brown color, which implied to Gabrielle the the old witch was expecting the drab frock back. Even though it fit and was the only thing in her entire wardrobe that was not the exact same shade of black, Gabrielle never wore it. Gabrielle quickly tied the scarf around her neck, then, after noticing her Maman's expression, untied the smooth cloth and made a show of trying to re-tie it using the tiny, mysterious mirrors that were, inexplicably, stuck on the outside of the car. The performance was another act of maturity, because it allowed Gabrielle to hand the scarf back to her mother with the request that she tie the cloth. All without commentary or arguments. That was better, but a second thought opined that it still felt like losing. Madame Delacour took only a few seconds to arrange the colorful accessory with her wand. A look in the car's mirror showed that it was carefully arranged to look carelessly tied, and gave the blackness a dramatic flair. The effort was, Gabrielle thought, not much different than her own, but it looked much better. Perfect, in fact. "I can show you the spell, later, if you wish," offered Madame Delacour graciously. Less graciously she added, "But only if you promise to practice it - a hundred times! - using a pole or tree. Or that rodent. I do not want you to choke yourself." Gabrielle gave her mother a patient smile and said nothing before turning to hug Mrs. Weasley hello. The careful smile theoretically put her one up, if only she could convince herself that she was not losing. 1 This was only partially true. There were memory charms after all. 2 She had tried, many times. 3 Magically fortified wines, of course, in addition to the traditional. 4 The normal method to see one's own ear in full is to use two mirrors. A method that is far too dangerous for a witch or wizard to use for such a trivial purpose. For if a wizard should catch more than a glimpse of the infinite, he risks losing the sense of which reality is his own. A search through the infinite can take more than a lifetime.