counter, still trying to understand what was going on. The men were dressed in long white robes, with hats like KKK members, except their hoods were tight against their head, not pointed up like cones. "My wand… I can't find my wand…" he hissed. "What was that?" Molly called from the other room. A moment later there was a chorus of screams—the fire reached the living room. Hermione finally centered herself and followed where Ron had run, where she saw the two other men running out the front door of the Burrow, a trail of fire following them. " Expulso !" The front door to the Burrow exploded, and a gust of wind came roaring in that drew the flames up higher. "GINNY!" Harry screamed hoarsely from the kitchen, unable to suppress the flames that now blocked the entrance to the living room. He was too panicked to produce a healthy Aguamenti . "GINNY!" "I'm here, Harry, I'm okay!" Ginny's voice came from the other side of the living room, away from Hermione. "Run!" he yelled. There were other shouts from the rest of the Weasleys as they tried to find one another amongst the fire. Hermione was behind Ron, who was climbing over the decimated doorway. He turned back to her and shook his head disappointedly: her explosion hadn't hit any of them. They got away. Ron climbed further up the rubble, trying to find higher ground. " Aguamenti !" Hermione joined him atop the cement pile and the pair tried to put out the fire faster than it could spread. She spotted Ginny holding onto Molly and Arthur near the bookcase, her sweater slightly singed. Both women's faces were white as the intruder's robes. "Are you okay?" he yelled to them. They nodded mutely. "They're gone," Ron said. "Must've apparated." They extinguished the rest of the fire in a matter of seconds and Harry raced over to his wife. "Are you okay? Is… is it okay?" He looked up and down from her stomach to her face, cradling it closely in his hands. "I'm fine, just shaken up. What happened? We were just talking, next thing I know there's a fire up to the ceiling in here!" "There were men. Three of them," Ron said grimly. Arthur moved towards the door, but his son shook his head. "They got away." Molly was staring, shocked, at what was left of the front of her home. "What… who…" "Ron saw them first. There were three of them, three men." Hermione heard her voice shake. She hadn't realized how terrified she was. "They were dressed in hoods. Ron tried to stop them, but they ran, so I tried to hit them by exploding the door. I wasn't thinking, of course that was a dumb decision, and they got away…" Ron reached out and pulled her into his chest. "Hey, it's okay. Don't cry." Hermione reached up and felt her cheeks—indeed, they were wet. She hadn't even noticed. "I'm sorry…" "It's not your fault." "I just… that was horrible… Who were they?" Ron didn't answer, just held her tighter. He smelled familiar, like home, and she cried openly. They hadn't been attacked, not even a small threat, in years. It was silent for a moment as the four friends held one another and recovered from the shock. Then came a whisper from Molly, soft and low, from somewhere near the gaping hole in the wall. "Oh, my God…" Hermione pulled away from Ron, on edge again. "What?" Molly didn't say a thing, just pointed to something in the front lawn. Harry, Ron, and Hermione slowly came up behind her, and another sob caught into Hermione's throat when she saw what was burned into the grass. There, charred into the ground, at least ten feet long, was a jagged lightning scar. This A/N comes to you in six parts. Get used to long A/Ns! 1. This story is nearly finished. I've been working on it for the past few months and suspect it will be a little over 30 chapters total. It is a slow-burn romance, so don't expect happy fluffiness every chapter! 2. Chapters will be likely be posted once a week, possibly more often, probably not. 3. I wrote this as a way to get out my urge to write romance and then decided I might as well post it! Be kind. It's not meant to be a literary masterpiece. 4. This is rated M for language and sexual themes. I don't write smut but there's certainly sex in this fic. 5. The title of this fic is inspired by a lyric from Leonard Cohen's song 'Anthem'. It goes "There is a crack in everything/That's how the light gets in." The lyric matches the struggle our characters are going through—finding light in their brokenness. 6. I characterized D & H how I pictured they would be post-war. I built Draco mostly around what I read in Cursed Child (the only redeeming part of that trash book was Draco lol). He is not evil or hateful, but rather broken and struggling between his prideful nature and the fact he knows he's done wrong. I might explain more about why I wrote him the way I did because I did quite a bit of research and character building for him before writing. When I went back to the novels for the millionth time to research Hermione, I noticed that she's quite a bit more emotional than I read in a lot of fics. Canon Hermione does have a lot of emotional responses to events, but she was also very self-confident and smart, which balanced that out. I see the war bringing her vulnerable side to the forefront and really wanted to explore that idea. I feel as if it's important to explain why I'm writing the characters the way I am because they're observed in very different ways in different fics. This is the angle I chose to explore—I hope you enjoy. -potato.