washed his face with hot water. Once back, he texted Ron, a memory of his friend's death from the nightmare popping in his mind. It was a simple text, saying what's up, but one that he was worried about possibly not hearing back on... As if the dream had leaked out into reality. He also took note of the time, noting it was only 1 am. Thankfully, it hadn't, as his phone dinged with a new message. Ron apparently was harrassing internet trolls, and sent off a volley of pics showing how rage induced he had made them, before saying that he was done and finally going to sleep, his mission achieved. What confused Harry most about his dream was the feelings he had had for Ron in them. He had never viewed his friend in a romantic light, nor had he ever contemplate that he was anything but heterosexual, but his dream made him wonder about the truth of that. Thinking about it, he realized he did in fact have feelings for his friend. Out of everyone, he was the only one he could truly rely on, and while he felt awkward admitting it to himself, he did find his friend sexually attractive. Laying back in bed, he decided once morning set in tomorrow, he would talk to his friend, and see if there was a chance between them, before drifting back into the abyss of sleep, though thankfully dreamless this time. When he awoke, he went down, ignoring his horribly mundane family as they went about their morning chores. He made a piece of toast, which he ate with some juice, pretending to listen to his aunt berate him some more about his performance at class. Didn't she understand that he just didn't care. That school was unimportant in the great scheme of things. If his nightmare had reminded him of anything, it was that life was short and pointless so best to fill it with slightly more meaningful things. School wasn't one of them. When her torrent stopped, he got up to go meet Ron, opening the door of the house. It was just when he stepped his first foot out, that a giant asteroid came hurtling from the sky, and crushed him instantly, thus ending his trivial existence in meaningful fashion. After all, the asteroid was lucky enough to have possessed an previously unknown element that allowed for many advancements that helped the world. To this day, poor Harry's name is forever immortalized in the name the Harry asteroid, for him being the poor bastard whose life was ended up its arrival. Hope you enjoyed the story, and f u. Author Notes Hi lo, I'm whatever the heck I chose for a username, and I wanted to just take a minute and say this. I really hated this story. Like legit, it was horrid. Which is probably why it is horridly bad. They do seem to go hand in hand, after all. Originally, the plan was to have Ron and Harry go on an adventure, and that adventure to go south with Ron dying and then Harry... And so in that regards, it's still true to the original premise, if a great deal shorter in the beginning parts, where everything is happy go lucky... Unfortunately, stuff happened, and a friend added the whole gay plotline, killing my motivation for this story, and all desire to do it justice. So now you get this. To which I say, oh well. It's not important anyway. Anyway, that honestly isn't why I wanted to make author notes. Though I imagine it does give some insight into the ending, and encompassing my hatred for the story. But honestly, the reason I wanted author notes is to ask a simple question. Do you like milk? I mean I like milk, and I know others who like milk. But not everyone does. Heck, some can't and are called luctose intolerant(™) or something. Kinda sad to be honest. They miss out on a lot, from cereal and milk, ice cream, shakes... You name it... Well actually, I guess you can eat cereal with water. Done that before. It's when you are too poor to afford 2.19 milk. What? You have never been that poor... Oh... Well, give it a year. You'll see. Anyway, milk is amazing to be honest, and I'm totally not saying that because I'm sponsored by a milk farm. (my attorneys tell me I must admit to being sponsored by a milk farm... ™) Even better, if you buy a gallon of milk, you get a free plastic gallon too, which can be used for a lot of cool things, like buying more milk, and putting the milk from one plastic container in the plastic container you already have from your last thing of milk. Truly, this is what life's purpose is. Plus, by drinking milk, you help poor cows have freedom from said milk. Like could you imagine carrying around gallons of milk inside you, you'd have to spend like 10 bucks for that, and then chug it all, and like is that even possible. I don't know, nor is it my point here... ™ All I can say is I totally support milk, and you should go buy 3 gallons right now. Meanwhile, I'm just gonna be satisfied in wasting more of your time for retribution for my crappy story, while playing some bs game while I eagerly await mass effect andromeda, or kingdom hearts 1.5 +2.5 remix. Like I don't think I am ready for that, to be honest. What I am ready for though, is to be finished with this story for good. If anyone has complaints, issues, or concerns with any part of this, feel free to notify me at my profile, which I never read, or dance in a circle chanting yoohoo hahoo 50 times, causing a concern box to magically appear. Otherwise, fu and have a nice day. Toodles, love and waffles... ™