narrow waist. "Fancy seeing you here." "You!" She pointed at him, before glancing back at George in bewilderment. "But- but…" "Ohhhhhhhhh." George slapped his hand to his head. "This explains so much." "Georgie!" Fred exclaimed happily. "Morning, Fred." He said, leaning against the counter lazily. He turned to her as her sleepy mind tried to figure out what the hell was happening—I mean it was obvious, but how- "Hermione, this is my twin brother Fred." Fred tipped his imaginary hat at her. "And Fred, this is Hermione Granger, my lab partner and apparently some girl you've wronged." "Aww," Fred pouted. "I hardly think I wronged her." He eyed her shamelessly. "I thought you were with a blonde last night." George tilted his head. "I was." "He was! I didn't—we didn't-" Hermione stammered. "And you thought you were embarrassed before about the- uh," George joked before gesturing towards her hoodie in explanation. Hermione gaped at him, her eyes narrowing significantly. "Nevermind," George said quickly. Hermione ran a tired hand down her face before looking Fred dead in the eye. "You ruined my entire life, you asshole," she whispered harshly to him. "And I won't be forgetting it anytime soon," she threatened as she leaned forward to stare him down. He laughed loudly at her. "A little dramatic, don't you think? After all, I offered to let you join in." Fred reached out and ran a fingertip across the top of her hand. She harshly slapped his hand away from her. "Polite really," George said dryly, shaking his head. "I know! I was going to let her have a go right after Jessica was done!" Fred snickered loudly. Hermione felt the rage bring tears to her eyes once again. She was a mess, and she was tired—she was so, so tired… "No, no, no, no. None of that again." George wrapped a comforting arm over her shoulder. "He's just joking, it's okay," he said soothingly. "But he—" She looked up at him with glossy, hurt eyes. "Higgins," she explained. "I know, I know." George patted her on the head. Fred watched her with devious eyes. "You could always come by later tonight—I'll make you feel better, Granger." His expression was drenched in unconcealed suggestion. "Fred," George warned him. "Enough," he snapped before turning his attention to her. "He's going to stop teasing you now, okay?" She nodded up at him, leaning into his side. "Fine." Fred huffed. "What do you guys want? You're holding up the line." He gestured to the angry customers behind them that hadn't yet stormed away. "I want a Carmel Macchiato with whip." George replied as he rubbed her arm absently. "Actually, make that two whips—like twice as much whip, please." Fred started to punch it into his cash register. "Actually, just give me another cup with the whip." George said suddenly. "And a spoon." "Do you still want the coffee?" Fred asked with a raised eyebrow. "Yeah, I'm tired." George said, glaring at him. "I had to sleep in the TV room because of someone I know." Fred looked guilty. "I had a horny girl in my bed," he said simply, as if it was a plausible reason to kick someone out of their own dorm room. "Just shut up," George growled at him. He changed his tone when he turned to her. "What would you like, Hermione?" "A vanilla latte, please." She said quietly. "Want an extra shot of espresso?" George said, smiling down at her. "That sounds lovely." She looked up at him awestruck. Fred pushed a few more buttons, and then George removed his arm from her around her to pull his wallet out of the back pocket of his jeans. "No, no – You really don't have to." She reached for her purse before he stilled her. "I offered," George reminded her. "But you didn't even- You weren't the one that kept me up. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been so mean to you earlier," she said guiltily. "It's fine. How could you have known?" George shrugged. "Please, I insist." Hermione placed her hand on his. "Let me pay for both of them." George laughed. "It's fine, Hermione, really. But if it makes you feel better—" He dipped his hand into the tip jar on the counter. "Fred can pay for them." "Oi!" Fred said loudly, glaring at his brother. "Fair is fair, Fred!" George lectured him while he laughed wholeheartedly. "Fine! God!" Fred grabbed some cups off the counter and looked at them deviously. "Let's see… a Caramel Macchiato—" He smirked while he marked the cup with a felt pen. "Yeah… No. I'd rather not drink your spit." George pushed his arms down on the counter, leaned forward so that his legs came up off the ground and called out, "Hey, Ron! Come make my drink, will ya? Fred can't be trusted at the moment." Hermione watched his back flex underneath his hoodie. Hm. She quickly tore her eyes away. Fred threw his hands up and walked away dramatically as Ron came out from the back of the store. "I work here, by the way. We all do, actually." George said as he led her over to pick up counter. Ron sat drinks down in front of them. "This is my other brother, Ron." Hermione glanced at the other barista's flaming red hair. "I never would have guessed." The corners of her mouth lifted slightly. Ron nodded politely at her before disappearing into the back of the store. George picked up both of their coffees. "Let's go find a table, study buddy, and go over this damn syllabus." "Yeah, alright." She said as she followed him to a booth. Words : ~3600 Notes: This is going to be a multi-chapter fic. I'm thinking 10 chapters probably. So stay tuned. For the record, it hurt my soul deeply to make Fred a dick, but it had to be done. Drop me a review so that I will feel personally obligated to update :p.