himself for distracting Fred and causing his death, stumbled over and dropped to his knees, grabbing Fred's upper arm as if to confirm he was really there. Arthur Weasley stood rooted to the spot in stunned disbelief. His family was whole again. Fawkes gave his loudest trill yet, catching the attention of those now in the room, "Firstly there are two that need to be here for their family." He spread his wings again and the door opened to a dazzling beauty holding an infant. Fleur Weasley walked without a word to the group around Harry and held the baby out to Tonks and Remus, "Your son." She said, gently passing the child to his dumbstruck parents, before turning to Bill and grasping him tightly to her. Remus stared down at the bundle in his wife's arms, adoring the child he never let himself believe he could have. Tonks turned to her husband and, with Teddy Lupin nestled safely between them, relished the wholeness of her family. When all eyes were back on Fawkes, he looked to Percy, "There are those, like you dear boy, that are needed here for atonement. To right the wrongs they made these past seven years." His gaze swept through the room, "Those that now enter are to be treated with respect and empathy for, though they have much to atone for, there are secret pains in their pasts just like yours." He spread his wings once more and all eyes turned to the door. The last three through the door were none other than Albus Dumbledore, Severus Snape, and Draco Malfoy. There was a brief outcry at their entry, though Harry, who knew of their pasts and sacrifices, remained silent, before Fawkes beat his wings hard, rising a few feet in the air and settling on the far brim of the basin, "Sit down, dear ones, for there is much to explain." After everyone had calmed down and chosen their seats Fawkes spread his wings once more, the tips of his feathers almost meeting in the air above his head, before he lowered them gently to the centre of the oversized pensieve. From the gap between his feathers fell silvery strands of memory. They poured and poured in a seemingly never ending deluge, until the pensieve was filled to the brim with them. Fawkes folded his wings at last and raised his head, "These memories are of the life of Harry Potter." There were gasps heard from everyone, Harry groaned and dropped his head into his hands, and the two Slytherins scoffed, "why do we have to watch perfect Potters life?" Draco Malfoy asked, correctly assuming what the pensieve was for. Fawkes fiery gaze landed on him and he shrank back. "You, Draco Malfoy, are here for atonement. Not everything you perceived as truth was so. You, and the two you entered this room with, have much to atone for, as well as the third Weasley child." Fawkes' gaze shifted to land on Severus Snape, Albus Dumbledore, and Percy Weasley in turn. "Each of you is here for a purpose, and it is only through the viewing of these memories that you can understand why you are here." The phoenix's gaze swept around the room to land on Harry, Ron, Hermione, Neville, and George, "You five knelt before the heart of Hogwarts and cried your sorrows into her stones. You bared your souls and wished from your hearts and Hogwarts has answered. You five are here to have your wishes granted. But, know this; those from beyond the veil only have memories from their times on this earth, or most of them do." Fawkes looked to Harry, ensconced between his mother and father, "Your parents, however, have two other memories. One from the graveyard and one they share with their friends from the forest. You know the occasions I speak of." Harry nodded his head, still grasping his parents' hands. Fawkes then turned his attention to Neville, "Your parents have scattered memories of your visits throughout the years, and they knew you, occasionally." Neville, who was also between his parents, gasped and turned to each of them, they nodded and hugged him close, "It's true, sweetie." His mother whispered. Fawkes spread his wings again, rose into the air, and flew once around the room, before landing on the floor in front of the pensieve. "There are moments within the memories that cannot be conveyed visually. Therefore, you will each read in turn from seven tomes chronicling the past seven years of Harry Potters' life. While you read the memories will play above the pensieve. When you grow tired, rooms will appear in the wall behind me. When you grow hungry, food will appear. Know that you are all unable to do harmful magic while in this room, though you may be tempted to at times. I will return at the end of each book read, to offer answers to any questions you might have about that year. I now leave you to your reading." With that Fawkes spread his wings wide, lifted his head, and burst into flames. When the flames receded there were seven books lined up on the floor. Hermione, ever the bookworm, stood and retrieved the first and smallest book. Returning to her seat she read the cover, "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone." Opening it she continued, "Chapter One: The Boy Who Lived." A/N: There you go, first chapter of my new story. The way the first several chapters are going to work is that someone will start a book (like in this chapter) and the following chapter will begin with the last few lines from the end of that book being read and the events of the book being discussed between the readers and Fawkes. The end of that chapter will have them beginning the next book until all books have been finished (most likely without the epilogue). Then the time-travel idea will be brought forth (with a twist)!