beggar. "Show yourself. I know you are there." Clapping a slow, loud clap, Lord Voldemort emerged from the shadows, and with a wave of his wand, vanished the man's body, and the blood. The girl immediately shot to her feet. "You-you-how could you do that? How?" She shrieked. "Is it such a wonder when you can apparently convince a man to blow apart his own bits?" Voldemort replied in a silky whisper. "You're-you're like me?" The child whispered, slowly edging closer towards him. Voldemort's eyes lit up with fury. "Do not presume to seek similarity with me, youngling!" He yelled furiously. The girl seemed unimpressed. "Well, who are you then?" she asked. "Lord Voldemort." "Tell the truth!" the girl shouted. How dare she? Voldemort looked into her eyes and slowly waved a hand over his face. The curly hair vanished. The face enlarged. The skin paled drastically. The brown eyes lost all their deceptive warmth, and became something cunning, evil, dark, menacing. "Do not dare contradict me again, child. I am Lord Voldemort and you will refer to me as-" "Tell the truth !" Came back the reply, no, command. Voldemort was suddenly hit by a sense of déjà vu. Why did he feel that he had been in such a position once? He nearly raised his wand and cursed her, but at the last moment- He lowered his wand, and looked at the girl quizzically, and began to laugh, a high, cold laugh, more like a laugh at himself. The girl studied him with narrowed eyes throughout his laughing. When he stopped, he told her, "I'm Tom Riddle. But I've stopped being so a long time ago." The girl smiled, truly smiled this time. "Tom Riddle." She said, rolling the words around on her tongue, as if getting a feel of it. "Why didn't you help me?" She asked. Voldemort raised his eyebrows. "I don't help, girl." He said, and then sighed. "Oh, okay. I made him hesitate so you could have your chance. I silenced his cry so that no one came running to stop you. I vanished the body and blood so that there was no evidence. You could so I did all that anyway. What did you expect, girl? For me to hold your hand and thrash him and give you flowers? I don't do that stuff, girl. Don't look for a hero in me." The girl didn't even grace him with a reply. She wrapped her tiny arms around him. He was so shocked at the outright audacity of the girl that he forgot to curse her. In time though, he violently disentangled himself from her. He tried to study her for a moment, and then hit her with a couple of cleaning charms, which blew off the dirt and grime from her body, though a shower would be a better option, he thought with wrinkled nose. She was an impoverished, tiny thing with rough black hair, but it was those eyes, those silver, hard eyes that stopped him from the next spell being a curse for the little creature's audacity at touching him. There was again that… something …that had brought him there. He couldn't understand it, and it frustrated him. She was touching her cheeks wondrously, stunned at the momentary cleaning that had taken place. She looked at him with shining eyes. "Can I-Can I do all that?" She gestured towards his wand. Suddenly, a certain thought passed through Voldemort's mind, and he started laughing again, that high, cold laugh of his. Oh dear. This is going to be such fun . "Yes, my dear." He said. "All that, and maybe even more." He smiled at her, and she grinned back and scooted closer to him. "Take me with you, Tom Riddle." She said, again, almost as a command. "I want to learn how to do all that and more . Take me with you," she smiled at him slyly, and then again wrapped her tiny hands around him-"Daddy." Voldemort stiffened, a murderous glare in his eyes which bore into those hard silver eyes in front of him, those eyes which were challenging him to do what he wanted to do, if he could really bring himself to do it. To his utmost disgust and fear, Voldemort found that he could not throw the girl away, draw his wand and cast the killing curse. There was no reason for it. He had killed many. So many. Destroyed families. Was taking over the magical world. Would kill so many. But he could not kill this one child. He was planning to kill a specific child, or if it came down to that, children , in the future, but he could not kill this one. His mind knew it well that it was a strategic flaw. But for the first time in his life, Lord Voldemort had a fleeting thought that he might have a heart. He banished that thought immediately from his mind. His mind then informed him that one day, one day, this was going to kill him. But still, he couldn't kill this child, this frail creature, this little monster that had the audacity to touch him and call him so. "If you fear for your life, don't call me so, child." Voldemort said in a tight voice, with barely controlled fury and frustration. The child did not move its eyes from his eyes, and said simply, "Daddy." Voldemort clenched his teeth and held in the snarl. The girl smiled at him. He did not like where this was going. Where this would go. This represented a weakness. For all his thoughts, he still disapparated with a crack , and didn't leave the girl behind, though he took some pleasure at the idea of the horrible discomfort of first-time side-along apparition for the girl as a punishment for her audacity, and felt a slight uneasiness at the concern he also felt for any chances of him getting her splinched as a result.