friends, had been eaten. The eleven were now sunbathing on the far bank of the river, soaking up the sunshine as Blaise debated on whether or not to go swimming. "Come on then Blaise, i'll go swimming with you," sighed Daphne, her head was leaning on Theo's chest but once she stood up, the brunette wizard agreed to jump off the dock into the clear water. Since April, Daphne and Theo (who were already a couple) and Draco and Hermione were no longer shy to show public displays of affection and Hermione's laughter as Draco pulled her up from sunbathing, pushing her over his shoulders and then running past Blaise and jumping from the dock. Luna pulled Ron with her and soon all but Pansy, Neville and Harry were splashing about in the water. "NEV!" shrieked Hermione as Draco began to splash anybody within a few meters of the dock. "NEV! Come save me," she laughed and the Gryffindor smiled as he cannon bombed off of the dock. "Pans," began Harry quietly to the Slytherin girl who was in a borrowed swimsuit and laying on her front, trying to catch some sun. Their friendship had deteriorated since the Twins' birthday as Pansy heard Ron telling some second years about their night and how it was only for the sex. The Slytherin had switched partners in her classes and avoided the Boy Who Lived as she suffered through a broken heart and the fact that she still loved him. She had told the girls that she had overheard Ron and the Slytherin took active measures to avoid the duo. "Lay off it Potter," she replied icily, shifting her hips as she wriggled on the picnic blanket. He had stumbled into the girl's tent that night, the same one they had slept in for Ginny's birthday since the night of the mud fight, drunk and apologising for the way he was treating her and asking for her forgiveness. "Pansy, let me explain please," he begged and she pushed herself up to standing. With her hands on her hips she towered over him. "Listen to me Harry Potter, I am not some Hufflepuff you can mess around. I am a witch who knows what she wants and you sniveling around and only accepting your feelings when you're drunk is not something I desire." Those in the river had swam to the shore or the dock, eager to hear what was going on. Harry by this point was stood up too and the pair were chest to chest but Pansy's small stature meant she was nose to Harry's naked chest. "What are you talking about 'only when I'm drunk'?" he asked, confused as Ron swore quietly. "You told the boys that it was just a 'shag and run'." "I didn't. I am half in love with you you idiot. Why in Merlin's name would I want to run from you?" he cried as Ron muttered to himself and Hermione grabbed his ear. "What did you do Ronald Weasley?" "Ow! Nothing it wasn't me," he replied, trying to prise Hermione off of his ear. Daphne gripped his other as the duo on the bank turned to look at their friends who were pinching at Ron's sides. "Clarify," demanded Ginny with a scowl. She had watched Harry and Pansy drift apart despite his confession since the party and it was heartbreaking to see them avoid each other in classes and around the castle. "Well, Pansy saw me talking to some second years. They were bad mouthing Harry after they found out about the two of you," he gestured to the couple. Neville and Luna were now sat on the dock, watching with interest as the situation unfolded in front of them. "How did they find out?" "Who?" "The second years you bloody idiot." "I think one of their siblings was at the party and somehow heard," explained Theo for the redhead as everyone swore they had told no one. "They asked me if Harry was just using Pans for sex and sarcastically I repeated it which is what Pansy heard. She ran past us and when I called you, you didn't turn round. I paid a third year to let off a box of bung bombs in their dorm room," he confessed to which Pansy froze. "Oh Merlin, I remember that," said Blaise as Luna agreed. "We were walking to divination and saw the whole thing. He's telling the truth," supported Blaise who was floating on his back. "I saw him pull a third year aside later that day and shove a small box into his hand," Luna said from the dock and Ron was finally released from the girl's grip. He swam into the middle of the river quickly to escape them. "I am in love with Pansy Parkinson!" Harry shouted suddenly. He made a small megaphone using his hands and continued to shout it out until Molly called back "We know dear!" from the back garden of the Burrow. The group were laughing as Harry seized Pansy by the shoulders and kissed her soundly. The cheers rang through the summer afternoon as they kissed each other on the bank. The witch pulled back, dropping from her tiptoes so that she could lead Harry to the edge of the dock. Luna and Neville jumped off the edge as Pansy went to kiss Harry again but pushed him into the water instead. She laughed loudly before throwing herself into the water after him. When she broke the surface, Harry swam to met her and wrap his arms around her waist. He could just touch the riverbed and so Pansy wrapped her legs around his waist, secure in knowing that he wouldn't accidentally drown her. "Be my girlfriend," he asked, breathless with a smile that went from ear to ear. She kissed him simply in reply and the friends continued to splash around and hang out, enjoying the summer and the sun, as well as each other.