time in the school, people that were just moments ago speaking of how we were doing so well in the fight… Even my fellow healers began to falter in their works." "Everyone please note that our next session we will begin questioning those known to be in the Great Hall during the time of amnesty, over Miss. Shaen's reasoning. Excluding those related to Mister Weasley, those in the Wizengamot and myself." During all of this, Alanna and Kingsley remained staring at one another, paying no mind to those surrounding them, the defendant and the single juror who could tip the scale over a sentence to Azkaban and freedom, one was as equally focused on the other. "Miss. Shaen, do you have any affiliation with the Weasley family, any reason whatsoever that would show a favoritism?" Alanna uncontrollably gave a chortle of a laugh in reply causing the chains to dig deeper into her neck and a groan of pain to overcome the harsh laughter from her throat. "I was raised under the impression that the Weasleys were a 'disgrace to the wizarding name' and was forbidden to make contact with Percy, Charlie and Bill when I started school, I was a Ravenclaw as well so I hardly saw the Weasleys. It wasn't until I was beginning my apprenticeship that I spoke to any of them, and that was only when they would mysteriously get burns, rashes and the likes and stumble into the hospital wing. I aided in Ron's recovery over the poison he ingested, and was hugged by Mrs. Weasley, and helped young Ginny with her injuries from the Carrows, aside from that I have no contact with them. And personally I found the twins to be complete annoyances, Percy was a stuck up prat thinking he had the power of a god with that prefect badge, Bill and Charlie were on the Quidditch team and that is all I still know of the two, and Ron was a misfit. The only one you could say I bonded with was young Ginny, but the same could be said with myself and the rest of students of the resistance." "What about after the battle of Hogwarts, any contact?" "No, I quit my job, and stayed the most part out of site from society, my home is close enough to the Shrieking Shack that no one comes near me. Arthur Weasley was however, the one who personally delivered my summons, we spoke briefly about how things were going after the war and such, but that is it." "So you are barely acquaintances with the family is that correct?" "Yes, Sir." Kingsley took this moment to break the eye contact with Alanna, to quickly jot something down for his own form of notes, and as quick as he broke the stare he rejoined it once more. "On the matter over family affiliation with death eaters and the now convicted Caelan and Drusilla Shaen: you have spoken of being deemed a 'blood traitor' giving us the impression that you have not spoken to either of the convicted in several years, is this correct?" "Yes." "So you were not a part of death eaters, initiated or otherwise?" "No, I was not." "Were you aware of your parents association with Voldemort and his followers?" "Officially no. I assumed that they were, since they were the pompous stereotype of purebloods but the subject was never spoken in front of me." "Why then did you quit your job at Hogwarts and practically go into hiding." "I knew my actions from the battle would become a questionable act by the Ministry and those of the public, also I did not want any parents feeling as if their children were being healed by someone with questionable judgment, and Minerva did not need that sort of pile of complaints. I also needed time away from the memories of those who had passed, those we could not save. I do not regret my actions, however I still can morn the dead and wish I could have prevented so much of it. All of this I wanted to do in silence, away from the scrutiny of my actions, thought I never did attempt to completely hide my where-a-bouts, if that were the case Arthur Weasley would not have been able to deliver the summons and I would not willingly be sitting here before you today." Kingsley nodded his head and no sooner than he did, the shackles around Alanna's neck, wrists and ankles were removed. Whispering began to fill the room once more as Alanna reached up to rub her neck and felt the traces of blood on her fingertips. 'Teach me to laugh with chains around my throat again.' "I apologize for the injury however, I hope you understand the reasons as to why it was necessary." Continuing to massage her sore skin Alanna gave the weakest hints of a grin, "No, it's quite alright, I completely understand, nothing that cannot be fixed in under a minute." Kingsley, otherwise keeping an emotionless expression throughout the trial, gave a small smirk, noticed only by the woman under questioning, all other eyes were on herself, as if she were a wild animal loose on society, capable of who knows what. "All those in favor of dropping the questioning over traitor activities against the Ministry." Alanna broke her gaze with the Minister to watch as the hands rose into the air from the jury. All were raised. "Then let it be known that the defendant is cleared of all possibilities of traitor activities, now and during the war." A small wave of relief filled Alanna, though this was not the true purpose of her being called to the Ministry, it was in fact something to still worry about, however with a unanimous vote in her favor for this, the possibility of being convicted to Azkaban seemed to dwindle only just the slightest. Now to just finish and hear the results of the first trial.