connection to The Quibbler, a newspaper which was shut down by the Ministry. Andromeda Tonks was denied custody due to her grandson being the son of a werewolf. The list went on and on. Eventually, the Ministry decided to take matters into their own hands to find a proper home for the children, and their location has been kept a secret for five years. Until now. We were given a tip from an anonymous source informing us that they had spotted three children who went by the names of James, Albus, and Lily in Surrey. We were given their address and immediately checked it out and, to our surprise, we found that they were telling the truth. We spotted the three children in the yard of a Muggle's house, doing yard work. That's right, they were doing yard work. Pictured below is little Lily pulling weeds out of a garden. After doing a little digging, we were able to discover that the people that they are staying with is an elderly couple by the names of Petunia and Vernon Dursley. Petunia is the sister of Lily Evans Potter, Harry Potter's mother. It seems like the Ministry wasn't lying to us after all. They are staying with family. However, we are left with several questions. Why are these children doing yard work? Where did James get that bruise on his cheek (pictured below)? How are they being allowed outside unsupervised if this is supposedly the safest place they could be? ~Hepsie Seymour Magic Scope Journalist December 19 th , 2013 THE TRUTH ABOUT WEREWOLF CAMPS The Ministry began rounding up werewolves five years ago after the Werewolf Protection Act was overturned. They claimed that it was for the Public's protection, and promised that the Werewolves were well cared for. The Public was told that the Werewolves received three meals a day, comfortable living spaces, separate and secured places to turn on the full moons as well as a supply of Wolfsbane, and several leisurely activities and opportunities around the camp. We were lied to. Pictured below is what a Werewolf Camp looks like. Werewolves have been packed in with less living space than prisoners in Azkaban! Camp Soldiers torture them daily and they are fed very little. These witches and wizards, the majority of which did not choose their condition and are completely innocent, are being treated like dirt. The Ministry is lying to us. Who knows what else they are lying about? ~Kim Bird Magic Scope Journalist December 19 th , 2013 SURVEY SHOWS NO MUGGLEBORNS IN MINISTRY Five years ago, a total of 27% of ministry workers were Muggleborn. 42% were half-blood. 31% were pureblood. However, a recent survey done revealed that the number of Muggleborn Ministry Employees has been completely eradicated in five short years, leaving 0% working. Likewise, the number of pureblood workers has shot up. Now, there is 87% pureblood workers and only 13% half-blood. This startling fact has been hushed up by the ministry, but we are calling it out. What happened to the Muggleborns, and most of the Half-Bloods, in the Ministry? Our anonymous source, who used to work for the Ministry, has an answer. "Hermione Granger-Weasley was the first Muggleborn to be fired for her blood. They claimed it was because of slander but we all know that wasn't the case, but it was believed by the Public at the time. After the Potter's Trial, the Ministry began hushing things up more and began to get rid of the Muggleborn and Half-Blood workers one by one, coming up with bizarre reasons for their dismissals. Some were even killed, though their deaths looked like accidents." While we all turned a blind eye, the Ministry has been slowly turning the government into a pureblood-only government, just like Harry Potter said they would! Not only that, but the Ministry has plans to put a new law into place which will effectively close off the Wizarding World from the Muggle World, making it illegal to even speak to a Muggle unless you are a Ministry official, leaving us to wonder what will happen to the Potter children. Another possible law that we are keeping an eye on will make it illegal to speak ill of the Ministry, and anyone who does so can face time in Azkaban. There is also one in the beginning stages that will make children of enemies of the Ministry become Wards of the Ministry, which will literally give the Ministry complete control over what happens to these children. Many believe this law is already in effect behind our backs. They are using the Potter children as an example. We are also going to keep an eye on the mysterious deaths of Muggleborn children. Headmistress McGonagall has stated that seven children who were supposed to attend Hogwarts this year perished before their arrivals, all in mysterious home invasions. Is this the Ministry's doing? We will keep you updated. ~Bonnie Brownlow Magic Scope Journalist December 20 th , 2013 MAGIC SCOPE NEWSPAPER SHUTS DOWN Yesterday, a faux newspaper sprung up out of nowhere, posting stories filled with conspiracy theories and slandering the Ministry. A copy of this paper arrived on every witch and wizard's window, though no one ever subscribed. The newspaper has been shut down. Aurors are working hard to find out who is behind this mysterious newspaper. All of the names mentioned are fake. Everything mentioned, save for Harry Potter's release from Azkaban, is absolutely false. We urge you to throw away your copy. It is nothing but a bunch of conspiracy theories. The Ministry is nothing but on your side. ~Davena Close Daily Prophet Journalist Author's Note: I hope you guys enjoyed this prologue! This chapter is necessary to understand where the story will take place, as well as learning how the ministry has begun to take control of the Wizarding World. I hope I made the media censorship part clear. Any predictions on what is going on with the ministry?