to him Karkaroff dressed in a brown coat and hat looked at the field with some conspiratorial gaze, waiting for his champion Victor. Finally, announced the release of Krum. Bulgarian swing appeared in the arena, and the battle began. At this time, Hermione furtively looked after his mentor but she feared that he would begin to conjure in favor of his champion, and to the detriment of Harry Potter. "And what if his goal is to kill Harry...?" The girl was shocked by these thoughts. "And it was for this that he threw his name into the Goblet ...? Why does not anyone believe me?" Hermione saw the wizard worried and angry when Victor makes mistakes, and spits out some curses silent. She was afraid of this dark magician. It was unclear for herself, irrationally but she felt a threat from him. Hermione was erudite, well-read girl with a mathematical mindset, because it so such strange and alien feelings of terrible for her. This instilled uncertainty in her mind but this Gryffindor was never afraid of anything just because of ridiculous suspicions, or because of the frightening appearance, even of Snape or of the dragons on the field, but the foreigner on the teaching platform, inexplicably, was afraid to be shocked her… - It's good that they have only one academic year... When Victor finally overcame the dragon, his professor's unpleasant face lit up with the joy of victory and Granger's heart jumped for a moment as if in unison with Durmstangers. Karkaroff went to the winner and hugged him tightly and Hermione smiled involuntarily at a restrained smile, which she herself did not notice. At this time, Ron Weasley ran to take an autograph from his idol Victor Krum along with all. Next to the dragons came Fleur de Lacour. She also successfully dealt with the monster and took out an egg. Then the release of the first representative of Hogwarts Cedric Diggory caused a storm of emotions on the Gryffindor rostrum. The guy wished good luck and hugged. And Zhou cried but this girl was the hardest to survive this Tournament, because her two beloved friends were in mortal danger. Cedric fought the monster for a long time, but still won, and was greeted by a crowd of Hogwarts students with great joy and glee. The guy with a golden egg in his hands shook and threw into the air. In the same time Harry Potter went mad alone. He heard the showman announce: "And now the youngest champion of the Tournament of the Three Wizards is Harry Potter, and the Hungarian Beast!" Harry, as if in a dream, moved to the arena, and that hour met face to face with his rival. The dragon lifted into the air, waving his huge wings, and the boy ran off over the huge stones. The dragon blowed of the flame from her jaws and Karkaroff on the rostrum laughed malevolently, exposing terrible black-and-yellow teeth. Hermione saw this and she was very much afraid that the Durmstangian would conjure against Harry. But Harry hid behind the cliff, and the fire did not burn him. The battle began serious. Finally Potter called his broom, and perched on it, soared into the blue sky, flying away from the stadium, toward the castle. The dragon chased after him. Flying over the professorial tribune, the monster blew its roof off its belly and brought it down to the teachers. Hermione screamed in horror and clamped her hand over her mouth. "Well done, dragon!" Twins rejoiced. The pursuit disappeared from the field of view, and the stadium was filled with a ringing, tense silence. The professors shook themselves and again took their places on the rostrum. "This is the end of you, Potter ..." Draco Malfoy grinned at his podium. "Hit the Hero..." Ron sat in silence, and still refused to believe that Harry himself had not chosen such trials for himself. Hermione looked through tears at the faces of the teachers. Professor McGonagall silently wiped her cheeks with a handkerchief; Snape was paler than usual; Madame Maxim seemed completely indifferent and Karkaroff's eyes were always fraught with insidiousness. Granger was not devout, but now she prayed to all the gods, although there was little hope that Harry would survive. They want to kill him and they are specially exposed him to mortal danger. And she guessed, she even knew who was doing it... - Still the Dark Mark and the rout of the camp... The Death Eaters became more active, and this is not out of place but Voldemort is gaining strength, it's silly to deny. At last, in the distance, a familiar burgundy spot appeared in the sky. The Boy Who Lived did it again as usual and not surprising the audience. And the dragon, who loved stealing all kinds of building structures with his own womb, eventually, broke his head and collapsed into the ravine unconscious. Harry flew over to the dragon's egg and took it. A little swirling, he landed on the field, shining with a smile of the winner. The stands exploded with cries and an ovation. At the same time the anger on the horrible face of the Durmstrang director was indescribable. He immediately left the stadium. – But it is nothing but there are two more tasks ahead. Harry was taken to the Gryffindor common room. There he tried to open the egg to understand the clue to the next trial, but in vain. And they made peace with Ron but Red-haired, though with a reluctance, but admitted that Potter was framed, and that it is not at all easy for him now. … Igor Karkarof did not understand English well so read headlines and looked at the pictures when he held a fresh issue of the Daily Prophet. When he seeing the happy and hugging with Hermione, Mr. Potter, who was actually devoted to the whole issue, he crumpled the newspaper irritatedly and threw it into the fireplace.