up from school because both Al and Jamie were asleep," remembered Ginny, unconsciously calling James by his childhood nickname. "He went straight to check on them when we got home, and you had the wireless going, waiting for one of the quidditch matches to start. You asked me what was wrong, and, you know to this day, I don't know how you did it, but you got me to tell you everything," chuckled Teddy. "You still do!" "It's a mother's gift. Let's see, if I remember correctly, you told me that the teacher had put you on the spot, asking you to change your hair colour, and you couldn't do it. The more she tried to help you, the worse it got. Then some kids teased you about it at lunch," said Ginny. Teddy nodded. "I was so angry, because they mentioned my mum, and how she could make all these funny faces as well as change her hair colour. I just felt like...I wasn't good enough. Then you hugged me, and this song came on." They swayed as they listened to the words. 'When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change. 'Cos you're amazing, just the way you are. And when you smile, the whole world stops and stares for awhile. 'Cos you're amazing, just the way you are. "Harry came back with Al in his arms and Jamie by his side. Jamie came over and demanded you dance with him, just like you were dancing with me," said Teddy. "Uh-uh," said Ginny, shaking her head. "Jamie wanted me to dance with him, like I was dancing with his bruvver, as he used to call you." Teddy and Ginny both laughed, then hugged each other. "I may not have had my birth mum, but I had you, Ginny, always in my corner. I guess I just wanted to say thanks, and that, well, I love you...Mum." "Oh Teddy," said Ginny, and she buried her face in his chest, sniffing. Over her head, Teddy smiled at his grandmother, who smiled lovingly. Then his eyes found Harry, and he gestured for him to join them. "Everything okay?" he asked them, looking in concern at Ginny. She lifted her head and smiled at him, reaching out for his hand. "Just wanted to dance with my Mum and Dad," said Teddy, smiling meaningful at Harry. Harry clapped one hand on Teddy's shoulder and the other around Ginny who still clung to Teddy. Somehow they did a clumsy three way dance on the floor. The song ended, and everyone applauded. Then the next song came on, and the younger generation came bursting onto the dance floor. James and Lily came over to Teddy, Harry and Ginny. "Come on, Ted, stop hogging the parentals," teased James, taking Ginny's hand to dance. Lily giggled and spirited her dad away. Bill and Domi were dancing, as was George and Roxeanne. Ron swung Hermione around the floor. Lucy was trying to ignore the looks Lysander Lovegood was giving her, but judging by her flushed cheeks, she was really quite enjoying them. Vic slipped an arm around Teddy, and they watched as James started dancing with Lily. Then he coaxed Grandma Molly out on the floor, while young Molly danced with Arthur. "My family," he said, smiling to see Harry and Ginny dance past, holding each other tight. "Ahem... our f amily," reminded Victoire. Teddy nodded and led her out to the dance floor once more. The rest of the night went off without a hitch, although Hermione was a bit disgruntled that they missed their Portkey to Paris. "We had a time table, everyone was given coloured, laminated time tables," she groused. "The main thing is," shrugged Ginny, "we had a second Portkey ready, just in case." "There should have been no just in case ," complained Hermione. "If we had just stuck to the timetables." Ginny muttered under her breath exactly where she'd like to stick her timetable. James and Al snickered, but luckily, Hermione didn't hear. The next day, when Ron and Hermione visited Harry and Ginny for a post wedding discussion, Hermione was dismayed to find her beautiful, colour coded, laminated, for heavens sake , time table was being used under the cat's feeding bowls. Two weeks later, when Teddy and Vic returned from their honeymoon, as they distributed the gifts they had bought, Teddy handed Harry a bag. Harry looked inside, then quickly shut it, flushing. "What is it, Dad?" asked Lily, admiring the earrings and necklace set they'd given her. "Er, nothing. Nothing at all," said Harry. Ginny looked at him quizzically. James snorted. "I think Teddy's returning that thing of Dad's Lily packed in Vic's bags. Am I right, Dad?" he asked. "What was that, anyway?" asked Lily, frowning. "I asked Domi and Roxi and they said I was too young to know." "Trust me, Lil, you don't want to know," said James. Ginny reached out and took the bag from Harry. She peeked in, then quickly shut it. "Oh!" She too, flushed. She had wondered where it had gone. "Parents! What are you going to do with them?" shrugged Al. "Not all parents are like ours, Al," said Teddy, lacing his fingers with Vic. "Thank Merlin," sighed James. At his parents look he smiled charmingly. "I mean, hey, aren't we the lucky ones!" Harry and Ginny exhanged amused looks. "Yeah," said Teddy, looking at them. "Yeah, we are." ~end~ A/N Hope it wasn't too confusing with the Teddy/Ted thing. I figured the cousins would always call him Teddy, but Harry and Ginny would call him Ted as he got older. Song is Just the Way You Are by Bruno Mars. I realise the dates dont match, with Teddy in the story being only five or six when he heard the song, and this song was released in 2010, when canon Teddy would have been 22. Let's call it artistic licence. LOL Hope you liked it xx