gasped. "Bloody hell, I'm going to kill him," growled Ron. "Don't worry, Ron," he heard Harry call out. "My weenie is nowhere near her!" The phone went dead. Ron lay staring at it stupidly for several seconds. It pinged, but he ignored it. Hermione had, however. "Who's the message from? Ron?" she asked, when he didn't answer. He shook his head. He couldn't, wouldn't open it. Hermione did, before he could stop her. "What is it?" she asked in confusion. Ron dared to look over, then growled. "Bloody hell, it's the top of Harry's head. Bloody Ginny!" Hermione looked back at the picture. "But she –ohhhh!" She quickly closed it, looking apologetically at her husband. She hurriedly turned the phone off and called out 'Nox'. A month later, Ron tiredly opened his mail. He reminded himself to pay the Floo bill and to get some more Floo powder while he was on his lunch break tomorrow. The Floo would be busy over the next few days, it being Christmas time. He picked up the last envelope, turning it over to see who had sent it. 'From the Potters,' it read. He opened it in trepadition. On the front was a traditional christmas card. A wrapped present, with a big red ribbon, waiting to adorn it. His smile faltered, still seeing that image on Hermione's lap top. Damn George had magically frozen Harry's bare bum as her screen saver, till she had worked out how to change it. He opened the card. Something fell out, a photo. 'Dearest Ron and Hermione, with much love for the holiday season. Love, Harry and Ginny Potter xx Ron sighed in relief. He picked up the small photo that accompanied the card. He studied it, then turned it over. 'Look what my weenie did!' It was written in Harry's handwriting. He turned it back around, suddenly realising what it was. It was a sonogram. Ginny was pregnant, and his best mate was going to be a father! It was a happy Christmas. Harry was overjoyed, his excitement at his impending fatherhood contagious. As he settled into bed that night, rubbing his still full stomach, his new phone pinged. He looked at the screen. It was from Harry. Ron opened it. It was Harry, kissing Ginny's slightly rounded bare belly, her fingers in his hair. "If he starts this up again..."he growled in warning. "I think he wants to share this with you. Did you see him today, he was giddy?" noted Hermione, looking down as she lay her head on his shoulder. "You think that's what it is?" asked Ron uncertainly. Hermione nodded. "He doesn't have a father or brother, except you and the rest of the Weasleys," reminded Hermione. "It's a beautiful photo, so loving." Ron looked again. "Yeah, I guess it is. Okay." He quickly texted a reply back to Harry, saying once again how happy he was for his best friend, and how lucky the baby was to have him for a dad. He couldn't wait for the baby to come, to watch him or her grow up. Harry's reply was a simple 'Thx'. Shrugging, he shut the phone off. But Ginny told him the next day how choked up Harry had been at his message. How he said wouldn't delete it – ever. How important Ron was to Harry. His first real friend. His best mate. Naturally Ron and Hermione were godparents, and it started making Ron think about having a child of their own. When he held James Sirius for the first time, everything made sense. All they had done, suffered, been through. This, this wonder that was James Sirius, this was the reward. He confidently offered to change his nappy, after all, he was a pro at it by now. What with Victoire, Dominique and Molly already being born. It was about time there was a boy in the next generation. He knew George and Angelina were expecting a boy too. But when he opened the nappy, he defintely wasn't expecting to get hit in the face with a stream of urine. He spluttered, and Harry came to his aid. The baby wailed, until his daddy cleaned him up while Ron did the same. "First rule of changing a boy," grinned Harry. "Watch out for his weenie." Ron groused. "Can we stop calling it that," he said. "I just copied my mum." "Oh, I thought it was a reference to it's size," said Harry, deftly fastening the nappy and redressing his son. He carefully picked his son up. "Oy, you can't say that. You can't belittle me in front of my godson," protested Ron. "Did you say 'be little', teased Harry. "Oh, shut it, Harry," said Ron, disgruntled, as he followed Ron back to the lounge, where Ginny, Hermione and Teddy were talking. "Language," said Ginny crossly. "James is three days old, Gin, I hardly think he'll remember," said Ron, amused. "Not James, Teddy," corrected Ginny, her arm around the little boy shoulder. She gently encouraged him to go sit next to Harry and cuddle James. "We were talking about weenies," grinned Harry. "Oy," said Ron and Hermione. "Well, there's no worries with this one," said Ginny. "He's definitely got the Potter penis." "Ah, alliteration. Well done, love," congratulated Harry. "Gran calls mine a willy," said Teddy, simply. "A perfectly good word," nodded Hermione, giving Harry and Ron those familiar looks from their Hogwarts days. Stop it, behave . "You're going to make a great mum, Hermione. Look how well you did with these two," she laughed, gesturing to their husbands. "Oy," protested Harry and Ron, laughing. Harry's daily photos were now mostly all of James, and Ron was taken by how the baby changed so quickly. He grimaced at the photos of Harry helping Ginny breast feed James, by holding her breast up. No matter how many times Hermione told him it was sweet, it was still a photo of his sister's boob. On his phone. Bloody Harry.