was flushed with exertion. She shifted in place and peered back at Lucius. The two traded a look before Narcissa looked back up at Vernon. "We aren't from any charity. We're parents of a boy your nephew goes to school with." Vernon turned an impressive shade of maroon and the vein in his forehead looked like it was about to burst. "WE DON'T HAVE A NEPHEW AND WE DON'T WANT ANY OF YOUR KIND SKULKING AROUND HERE!" Harry shrank back against the wall when the door slammed so hard he thought the glass would shatter. He pushed himself along the wall with his hands, trying to inch as much difference between himself and his uncle as possible. "Did you make them come?" "No, Uncle Vernon, I swear." "Did you use some of that funny business of yours to send messages to your freaky little friends?" Harry's mind was reeling. His heart was hammering so hard he thought it would burst. He clamped his mouth shut and shook his head, squeezing his eyes closed as he slid down the wall into a ball on the floor. His cheeks burned as tears dripped from his eyes and he stuttered out a plea, grabbing his head and pulling it against his raised knees to protect it as best he could. A meaty hand grabbed him hard about the neck and yanked him up. He yelped loudly and was throttled silent. The next thing Harry heard was a loud cry of 'CONFRINGO' before the front door was blasted clean off its hinges and into splinters of wood and shards of glass that fell harmlessly to the floor rather than explode outwards. Harry watched, eyes wide as Lucius advanced into the house, his hand wrapped in a firm grasp about his wand. He was flanked on his right by Narcissa, brandishing her wand as if it was, and in this case it most definitely was, a deadly weapon. Harry collapsed to the floor when the hand about his neck released him and he remained there, sprawled out, in shock. "You can't do that! This is my house! I won't have any of that nonsense in here, you hear me!?" "Silence," Lucius' voice was utterly calm and even. His eyes, however, were anything but. They were steely gray and stormy. He sneered at Vernon. "You are a disgusting excuse for anything, let alone a Muggle." Petunia, who had heard the commotion, came racing into the front hall and screeched, falling against Vernon protectively. Narcissa swept over to Harry's side and helped him stand. She brushed off his clothes and smoothed down his hair. "Where are your things?" Harry opened his mouth, before closing it. His eyes darted to Vernon and Petunia. Then he looked at the floor. "It's alright, dear. Tell me, we'll get your things and then we'll go." Not trusting his voice, Harry pointed. He watched as Narcissa opened the lock on the cupboard under the stairs and with a wordless incantation and a quiet pop, Harry was sure it was empty. She stood in front of the small space before gently motioning Harry over. Harry advanced on shaking legs. Narcissa wrapped an arm around Harry's shoulders before dropping it when Harry tensed. "Is this the cupboard Draco told me about? The one you had stayed in?" Harry nodded slowly and managed a hoarse "yes" before falling silent. Narcissa nodded her head before sweeping back into the front hall. "You there, the whale," Narcissa addressed, levelling her wand at Vernon. "Come." "I will not!" "I don't wish to do this by force, but I will if I must." Vernon shook Petunia off of him and rose his fists as if to fight. Lucius rolled his eyes and slashed with his wand. "Confundus!" Vernon's eyes glazed over and within moments he was trailing Narcissa, who was gently coaxing his befuddled mind down the hall. After a bit of prodding and a snort of amusement from Narcissa, they had managed to squeeze Vernon's great mass into the space under the stairs and she swung the door shut and latched it happily. "Wonderful, now that that's dealt with. Let's get you changed." "His other clothes were stolen!" Petuina squawked. "There was no way he would have afforded them. I did away with them." "I bought them, you stupid woman!" Narcissa frowned at Petunia. "Where did you place them?" "The garage. They are to be taken out with the garbage." With another wand wave a suitable outfit was draped over Narcissa's arm and she turned to Harry. "Why don't you show me to your bedroom?" Harry shamefully led Narcissa up the stairs and pushed open the door to his bedroom with a flushed face. She examined it. "It's very... clean." Harry hung his head. Narcissa freed Hedwig and Harry watched with delight as the snowy owl soared out the window. "Now, why don't you put on some of your nice clothes. Harry took the bundle into his arms and watched Narcissa with wide eyes. She turned her back and Harry changed as quickly as he could. Finally he tapped her lightly on the shoulder, still not feeling up to words and she smiled when she looked at him. With a quick 'reparo' his glasses were mended. "Lovely, now, where is that pendant Draco gave you for Christmas. It's how we found you, you see. This house is protected by some pretty powerful wards, luckily the familial magic on the necklace allowed us to find you. It's a safety feature." Harry removed the floorboard in place and pulled the locket out. He held it up to Narcissa who took it wordlessly and hung it about his neck. It was strange, but the weight about his neck was comfortable, and Harry felt more joyful almost instantly. He followed Narcissa down the stairs and she took his arm. Lucius took his other arm. And with a quiet noise the world went inside out and upside down and Privet Drive was gone.