he was unworthy of her. She was always so much more that anyone he'd ever met. Now... Of all the men in the world, she chose his brother. It just didn't make sense to him. The more he thought about it, the angrier he became. And angry was the last thing he wanted to be. He wanted to have buried his anger along with his father. It took an indeterminable amount of time for Harry to calm down enough to start work again. It was a welcome distraction. He even ventured out of his office at some point, stopping in to pick up a few files from Remus. It was a mistake walking by Hermione's office. It was an even bigger mistake, on her part, when she called out to him. Harry's anger flared as he stopped in her doorway, his gaze unable to meet hers. He hadn't actually been able to look at her and he was not about to start. Hermione stood up, her expression slightly timid. "I had a question about the Stanley account," she said, wisely sticking to work-related topics. "Are you aware that their investment plan is severely outdated?" "It's old money," Harry said, speaking to her directly for the first time since he had taken that Portkey and left her. "Stanley is a very stubborn man. He and my father had an agreement, I believe." "Same with the Gregor account?" Harry nodded. "I've found that the older the man gets, the more stubborn he becomes." Hermione managed a smile. Then, completely changing topics, she asked, "Harry, who is Teddy?" "Excuse me?" "Teddy. The adorable little boy runs around here. Who is he?" Harry didn't want her to talk about him, as if he was something sacred she couldn't tarnish. "Umm... Well, he's... Umm, I served alongside his mother," he eventually said. "Unfortunately, she didn't make it back. He lives with his grandmother now, but she's rather sickly. I try to help out however I can, even if that means keeping him occupied when he isn't in school. He seems to like it here." Hermione nodded. "It seems he does." Harry cleared his throat. "If that's all." He made to turn, but the sound of her voice stopped him. "Your mother mentioned that you didn't take the news very well." She said the sentence with such ease that Harry almost thought she had said something else. "What else did you expect?" he asked pointedly. What was it about this situation that made them assume that he would be okay with it? "Did you think I would congratulate you, or wish you well?" "I thought you would be happy for us." "Well that's just stupid," he dismissed. "You're smarter than that, Hermione." She regarded him for a moment. "You're mad." "That's an understatement if I've ever heard one," he muttered. "I fully understand that it's been years, but you should know that no amount of time makes up for this . It isn't like I just forgot about you." She let out a long breath. "Harry... six years in a long time. You know that." "I do know that. I know that so much has happened, so much has changed. But even you must know that this is too much. You wouldn't be the smartest witch of our generation if you couldn't see that. You can't expect me slip into this new life you've managed to think up for me. I'm not built like that." "I would understand if you weren't okay with it..." Harry cut her off. "You would understand ? Wow!" He frowned and smiled at the same time. He looked rather incredulous really. "I don't think you do understand. You are marrying my brother, Hermione." He glared at her. "You are getting married to my brother . My brother." "I know that." "Do you really? I don't think you do. Because, if I recall correctly, you were never really a fan of him. In fact, if my memory is correct, you called him an insufferable git who knew nothing about how to be a decent human being. Am I remembering correctly, or is it just my imagination?" "Harry," she breathed, realising that she must have pinched a nerve because, all of a sudden, Harry's magic felt a little out of control. "Don't Harry me," he retorted, his voice hard and pained. "You told me that you didn't want me to be anything like my brother. You wanted to be with the sort of person I am. You made me great, Hermione. That's what you did for me. Our seventh year was painful, and wonderful and so humiliating but I didn't even care. We went through so much, and I would go through it all again and again if it meant I could experience that undeniable love for you. "I mean, you're right. It's been six years. It's been a hell of a long time. But, in that time, not once have I thought about you and regretted it. I've never looked back and wished we'd never been together. Even after I left that day, I knew that you did what you did because you loved me. We were going to have a great love, you and me, and I know I ruined it, but I never had regrets. For six years, I never wished our love hadn't existed; I've never wanted all that happened not to be part of our history; I've never had a single regret... Until right now." Harry gave her one last look before he left her office. He passed by curious eyes as he walked but he didn't even care. He just wanted to go - where, he didn't know - and forget this day had even happened. He needed it to be a terrible dream. He had to be able to wake up from this nightmare. He'd spent years building himself up to be worthy and now, in one short day, everything seemed to be coming crumbling down.