specialist work that her right hand had come accustomed to over the years. With the precision of a surgeon, Hermione pressed the little rune and, in a heartbeat, she was free. The sudden urge to childishly whoop for joy overcame her, but she crushed it when she heard voices approaching the tent flaps. Grabbing her wand, she inhaled deeply and welled up her remaining dwindling magical reserves in preparation for apparition. The flap opened and Hermione gripped her wand tightly as she met the strangely hooded gaze of that man from the forest. "'Ello Sleeping Beauty," he murmured, eyes heated and intense. "Enjoy your nap?" Before he could put another foot into the tent, Hermione clenched her eyes closed and with a crackling pop was gone into the night. Hermione had never been so glad to see Harry in her entire life –including all the past times he had returned from a spectacularly dangerous rescue mission that his Gryffindor sensibilities demanded of him. She had landed with a thump in the safety camp (thankfully, amazingly not splinched). It was a barely habitable island in the middle of a small lake Hermione had warded with the Fidelius Charm after Ron left, knowing they would need a place to hide when they both required rest and recovery. Harry had swept her up in such a warm, strong hug that Hermione refused to let go and he had to awkwardly shuffle them into the tent and onto Hermione's back-up cot. They lay in each other's arms as she sobbed. The fears she had held back in the last few hours of her capture, her anxiety and fear and overall feeling of complete helplessness came out in a long crying session of babbled apologies and tears. Harry had cried a few tears of relief as well (though she knew he would never speak of it) and together they slowly drifted into slumber, safely cocooned in their safety net, away from the world once again. Scabior was, to put it bluntly, furious. That little girl – no, woman , his mind corrected in betrayal – had been right where he wanted her twice and both times she managed to squirm her way out of his hands. Granted, he had caught her the first time. But escaping and getting away on the second try? Completely and utterly embarrassing. Truth be told, he had absolutely no fucking idea how she had managed to escape her magical restraints. He rarely used them, knowing their potency was best saved for more dangerous snatches, but he wanted to make a point, goddammit. And now he had no catch, no magical restraints – how she had destroyed them so thoroughly he had no idea – and absolutely no hint of where to start looking for her. So technically he had lost a potentially very valuable catch and extremely out of pocket now that he had to purchase new magical restraints (an item that doesn't exactly grow on trees ). To wrap up a rather amazingly shitty day, one of his men had approached him with trembling fingers and handed him a MOST WANTED – UNDESIRABLE NUMBER THREE flyer. When Scabior saw the moving photo of his escaped catch on the poster, he destroyed half the campsite in his rage. Admittedly, it was a shitty photo and he knew immediately why he didn't recognise her. That horrible, bucktoothed ugly little girl in the photo had transformed into a willowy Aphrodite-like goddess that was all gentle curves and flawless bone structure. And was quite possibly the most wanted mudblood in British history. Hermione Granger – aged 17. Scabior felt a migraine of mammoth proportions brewing in the distance. He sat down around the camp fire after his tantrum and let the slowly swelling conversation of his pack wash over time as he nursed a firewhisky. Clearly, this girl was his new target. She had probably rescued Harry Potter in the woods earlier, the Dark Lord's most hated enemy (and wasn't that a laugh?); finding her would lead to the boy. He had planned on a slow hunt, cumulating in keeping her for himself (how could he say no to that deliciously fiery unbroken spirit?), but this was way beyond his meagre Snatcher station. News of keeping someone as hotly contested and detested as Hermione fucking Granger in his tent for his wicked Snatcher ways would spread like wildfire through the ranks. Though perhaps breaking her spirit before handing her over would win him some kudos with the big boss man. Scabior snorted at the thought. If the Dark Lord enjoyed anything more than killing mudbloods, it was breaking mudbloods. He turned in for the night as the flame of the fire turned to deep glowing embers, returning to his tent and laying down on the thin bed. He inhaled deeply against the fabric, enjoying the purely womanly smell still clinging to the mattress. A cynical smile overtook his dark expression, a decision made with consequences to be damned. Hermione Granger was his catch. It had taken him a few weeks to catch her scent again, but when he did it was pure victory. And, in an interesting turn of events, it seemed like she wants to be caught. That or she's trying to throw him off the trail. Either way he's on her mind and he wants to keep it that way. Her lovely pink scarf lay knotted around the base of an English Oak, her scent wafting in the breeze. She's stopped using that perfume he noticed the first time, but he only prefers it this way as her natural smell comes through even stronger. He wrapped the scarf around his neck, breathing in the scent of her innocence with pupils blown wide. Scabior's reaction left even his own pack feeling uneasy as he gazed into the distance with a distinctively malicious grin, planning his next move. Nothing could have prepared Scabior nor his pack for the storm brewing in the horizon.