dragged the shirt off her body, and quickly got rid of the pesky bra. All the while their mouths were together, making it hard when it came to removing his tee shirt. They separated briefly as she flung it away, then attacked each other again. "Hold on to me," he ordered, as he Apparated them upstairs. She snorted, "Like I'm ever letting you go," she said, bouncing on the bed as they settled. At that, Harry growled, tossing her under him as he tried to quickly remove her jeans. "Banish them, for the love of Merlin," she begged, already reaching for his pants. Their love making was hard and fast, with bites and hair pulling. Both were breathless as they lay there after, sweaty and panting. "I've missed that," she breathed hard. She rolled on to her side to face him. He brushed some sweaty hair off her face and behind her ear. "I've missed you," he admitted softly. She brushed the hair off his forehead, exposing the faded scar. "I've missed us," she told him. "I know you're in Holyhead and I'm here, but – " he began. "Our schedules will be crazy, but – " said Ginny. "We're better together," they said in unison. They smiled goofily at each other. "So, no more taking other witches to our favourite restaurant?" she teased. "How did you – never mind. No, the only witch I'll be taking there is you," he said, kissing her lightly. His hand caressed her arse. "No more dvd dates with idiots like Sam," he stated. Ginny nodded and leaned up, resting her head on her hand. "Did you know the Titanic was a real boat?" Harry nodded, amused. "I'm pretty sure there's something about it at the museum in London," he said, drawing her closer. Ginny's eyes grew big. "Can we go... tomorrow?" she asked excitedly. He ran his knuckle down her cheek reverently. "We can do anything you want," he told her gently. "Yeah well, right now I want to..." She whispered in his ear, and his body reacted accordingly. "You are such a Harpy," he breathed happily. This time their lovemaking was slow and intimate, their eyes meeting often to convey what they were feeling. Hands caressed, there were shivers and gasps of wonder and delight until finally they reached their peak together. "That was – wow, we've never, not like that," said Ginny, curling her body into his. "I hope you haven't been practicing without me...with someone else?" Harry waved his left hand at her. "Meet 'someone else', " he teased, making her giggle. "Me too," she admitted, then yawned. "Let's get some sleep," said Harry, pulling the covers over them and cuddling her close. She woke early next morning, to find the spot next to her empty. She pulled her dressing gown out of the wardrobe and went downstairs to find Harry. She passed Kreacher as she went down the stairs. "Good morning, Kreacher," she practically sang. "Seen Harry?" Kreacher nodded as he polished the banister. "Master was going to prepare breakfast for you both. Oh, and Kreacher has laundered the many clothes he found scattered around the lounge," he told her, with a sly look. "Okay, thanks," said Ginny, continuing on downstairs. She was about to go to the kitchen when she saw Harry was in the lounge. She noticed he'd packed the things from their memory box away. "Hey," she called quietly, "you packed it all away." He nodded, but said nothing. She came to his side, curling her legs under her. "Harry, what is it?" she asked worriedly . Had he changed his mind? "There was one more thing left in the box," he said. "I've been looking for it for ages, it must have fallen out of my coat pocket and into the box." "What was it?" asked Ginny, wondering what could possibly be making Harry this solemn. He opened his hand, and Ginny gasped. A small box sat on the palm of his hand. "I know we just got back together, but it could be a promise ring...or we could have a really long engagement. I mean, if you want. Of course, it could be too soon, and we could –" "Yes." She couldn't take her eyes off that box. " – disillusion charm on it, so...what did you just say?" he froze. Ginny's eyes flew to his face, his beautiful eyes so full of hope. "Yes," she said, her eyes shining. "Yes, oh Harry, it's what I want more than anything." His eyes lit up in wonder, and he dragged her to him, kissing her reverently. "Really?" Ginny nodded, kissing him back. "Of course it's yes, but hold on to it for now. As far as proposals go, that one was dismal," she teased. "I can certainly do better," he agreed. He kissed her again. "You and me...again." "You and me...always," she said. The following week she accompanied him to Godric's Hollow, then back to the Leaky Cauldron where their closest friends had gathered for a dinner to show Harry their support. When Harry and Ginny walked in, hand in hand, their friends all cheered. "That was the worst break up ever," said Ron, relieved. "Well, it will be our last one," said Harry. "That's right. It won't be easy, but we'll find a way to work things out," agreed Ginny. "We're happier together, we know that." "Well, we all knew that," said Neville and Hermione. While Halloween had never been a happy occassion for Harry, this was the nicest one he'd spent. With Ginny back by his side, and time spent with good friends, Harry felt the happiest he'd ever remembered feeling. Until Christmas Day, when in front of Ginny's family at the Burrow, Harry dropped to one knee and formally proposed, having asked Arthur and Molly and each brother for their blessing. As he slid the ring on her finger, he knew a happiness he'd only dreamed about. Him and Ginny, together, forever.