dignitary tomorrow, please Janie, along with my usual note thanking them for attending and strengthening ties between our two countries, yada yada yada," said Hermione, pausing before entering her office. "Yes, Madame Minister," said Janie, while the Auror scanned the office and then, after giving them the all clear, stood guard outside. The two women walked inside. " Send a memo to the Portkey office, reminding them to make sure everyone that is leaving is given the five star treatment, then you can leave. Ask Melissa to send any urgent owls to my home, otherwise I'll attend to them when I come in tomorrow. Perhaps if I still come in early, I'll be able to get on top of them all," pondered Hermione. "Melissa isn't expecting you till lunchtime," reminded Janie. She admired her boss' work ethic, but she didn't want her to burn out, and was sure her husband would keep her home as late as possible. Hermione was a good boss, and although the hours could be long, she never asked from her staff more than she gave herself. "We'll see," nodded Hermione. She threw her cloak around her shoulders and bent down to pick up her briefcase. "Oh! I knew it!" "What is it?" asked Janie, alarmed. Hermione stuffed something in her pocket and straightened. "Erm, nothing, it's fine. You'll make sure the elves get paid, won't you?" At Janie's nod, she relaxed. "Good, I'm going. Thanks for all your help tonight." She used her private Floo to go home, gracefully stepping out of the fireplace to see her husband snoring on the sofa, his feet up on the coffee table. The Daily Prophet was across his chest and Crookshanks was cuddled against his side. Hermione kicked off her shoes, sighing in relief. She carefully removed the paper from Ron, and gently stroked her old pet. Then she cupped Ron's chin, turning his face to her and lightly kissed his lips. He started. "'m awake! I'm awake...oh, hi love, party go all right?" Hermione eased down next to him and he lifted his arm so she could rest her head on his chest. He kissed the top of her head. "Fine," she sighed. "Kids all right?" "Yeah, apart from missing their mum," said Ron softly. "Ron," she sighed. She didn't need to add guilt on top of her tiredness tonight. "I'm just saying, that's all. They cheered right up when I told them your picture would be in the paper tomorrow, with lots of important people," said Ron, bringing her feet up so he could rub them. "You now we're all proud of you, love, and the work you do." Hermione groaned at his magic touch. "That feels amazing. I can't wait to see them tomorrow morning. I don't have to be in the office till lunch time, unless there's an emergency," she said. "Brillaint, we can sleep in," said Ron, pleased. "Harry and Ginny invited all of us over for brunch." "Wonderful," sighed Hermione. "Then I can return this to Harry!" From her pocket she pulled out the lacy red thong she'd found under her desk. Ron snorted. "I really don't think it's Harry's size, Hermione," he said, taking it from her and dangling it from his finger. "Oh Ron," she said. "It's not Harry's, it's Ginny's. Was Ginny's. They snuck out for a bloody shag – in my office!" Ron dropped the lingerie quickly, a look of disgust on his face. "Bloody hell, you won't even let me – " Hermione smiled evilly, interrupting him. "Say Ron, what are you doing next Tuesday?" Ron shrugged. "I don't know, why?" "Think you can meet me in Harry's office before lunch?" she asked. "But Harry does the Azkaban checks on Tuesdays. He's not in the office till after lunch." "Exactly!" smirked Hermione. "Oh, and Ron, make sure you wear your grungiest pair of Cannons boxers. I want Harry to really get the message." Ron grinned. "You're bloody brilliant, you are. Scary, but brilliant." She leaned over to kiss him. "That's why you love me," she quipped. Suddenly, she wasn't so tired anymore. She stood and held her hand out for her husband. "Bed?" Ron took her hand. "Is that an order from the Minister for Magic?" he teased. She grabbed his tee-shirt, pulling him down so they were face to face. "You better believe it!" He smacked her butt and she shrieked playfully as if she was ten, fifteen years younger. "Bed," he ordered, grinning. She winked at him then left him to lock the Floo as she checked on the children. Both Rose and Hugo were sleeping easily, with no signs of fever or illness. It may have been well after three in the morning before she finally felt sleepy. Ron lay beside her, snoring softly as he held her. After all these years, it was a comforting sound. Crookshanks lay curled up at the end of the bed now that they had finished their bedroom activities. She sighed happily. It may be three am, but she was a contented witch, with the best husband in the world, two amazing children and a wonderful family and friends. Sure, she was the Minister for Magic, and all that entailed, but right here, right now, she was the happiest witch in the world. Tomorrow, or rather, later today, would be full of meetings, putting out fires, a thousand memos to answer and a hundred other details she dealt with on a daily basis as she strived to do the top job to the best of her ability. But that was for later. If Hermione had learnt anything, it was to make the most of every moment, and right now, she was making the most of the quiet and peace she found in Ron's arms. Later there would be laughter and cuddles from her kids, then a happy brunch with her best friends, niece and nephews. Life was busy, stressful, lonely at times, but also exciting. Hermione slept well.