wishing she had went ahead and removed them. Pleasuring Luna was really turning her on and she didn't think she had ever been so hot, wet and achey down there. Luna made the most ridiculous and cute sounds while Ginny lapped at her clit. It was difficult not to be amused and delighted by her series of Mmms , Ooohs and Ahhs . She also made these little whimpers that made Ginny want to come right there on the spot. Ginny pulled her mouth away for a moment and looked up at Luna and said, "Luna, can I stick a finger in you?" "Yes, that might be interesting. I've done it myself before, of course, but I know you'll do better," Luna said with a grin. Ginny sucked on her index finger and lowered it to Luna's entrance. Gently she pushed it inside. Even as wet as Luna was it was still a snug fit. Ginny curved the tip of her finger up, finding the soft spot inside of Luna. Luna made a pleased sound and Ginny began to lick her again as her finger moved inside of her. "Oh, Ginny… that's… that's… mmm," Luna moaned softly. Good, Ginny thought. She was getting her there. She just needed to keep it steady and not get carried away. She knew from experience that changing her pace midstream could ruin the moment. "Mmm… uh huh… mmm," Luna moaned, sounding desperate. She was close. Really close, Ginny thought. "Oh.. Oh! Oh, that's… that's… hnnnnhhh," Luna groaned, letting out a high pitched whimper as she clamped down on Ginny's finger. Rapid, hard breaths came from Luna as Ginny continued to lap at her clit through Luna's orgasm. Ginny felt an immense sense of pride for making her best friend come. Luna didn't say anything for a moment, instead still breathing hard and occasionally shuddering with pleasure. When she finally spoke she sounded even more dreamy than usual, "Ginny, I think your tongue must be charmed." Ginny burst out into laughter then lifted herself up, sliding next to Luna then giving her a soft, open mouthed kiss. "Thank you," Luna said. "It was my pleasure," Ginny said. "Can I give it a try on you?" Luna asked. Ginny grinned and stood up to remove her soaked knickers. Luna smiled with approval at her patch of curly red hairs. Ginny fell back on the bed and spread her legs open for Luna. Luna knelt down and smiled at Ginny's sex. "You'll let me know if I'm doing it wrong, won't you?" Luna asked. "Absolutely," Ginny said, biting her bottom lip in anticipation. Luna wet her lips then pressed her mouth to Ginny's hot, swollen flesh, sucking and licking. "Oh! That's nice," Ginny moaned. Luna was kissing her down there in the same way she kissed her on the mouth, which was an interesting and surprisingly effective tactic. "Sure you've never done this before?" Ginny asked. "Mmmhmm," Luna said, her mouth still on Ginny's sensitive flesh. Ginny watched as Luna's mouth sucked on her engorged bud with love and affection, dirty blonde hair resting all over Ginny's freckled thighs. Ginny knew she couldn't hold on for long. Tension was rapidly rising in her body, pulling towards her core. "You're going to make me come, Luna. I'm going to come so hard!" Ginny said, shocked at how quickly she was hurtling to that peak. Ginny clutched the bed sheets hard in anticipation of her big finish. "I'm so close. Just keep doing that. Just keep sucking on my clit. Just like that," Ginny begged, her legs shaking. The tension was so powerful Ginny worried it might actually kill her. As long as Luna's sweet mouth kept doing what it was doing… "Oh! Ohhh! Shit! Oh, Merlin!" Ginny groaned as pleasure filled her body in hard waves. Ginny temporarily lost all control of herself as she shuddered in orgasm, feeling grateful for her best friend's natural talent. Finally her body relaxed as she stared up at the ceiling, drunk on euphoria and Luna Lovegood. "How was that?" Luna asked as she slid up the bed. "Luna, I would say that was pretty bloody great," Ginny replied then rolled over onto Luna, kissing her passionately, not minding her own tart taste on Luna's mouth. Ginny pulled her mouth away and began rapidly planting soft little kisses all over Luna's face, neck and chest, giggling all the way. Luna laughed with every kiss and the more kisses Ginny planted the harder she laughed until they both finally exploded with laughter and Luna clutched her tightly as they rolled over onto their sides, kissing their mouths again. "This was all so unexpected. Thank you for a lovely evening, Luna," Ginny said. "Is it over?" Luna asked with disappointment. "Not unless you want it to be," Ginny said. "No, I definitely don't, though I am worried this will turnout to just be another dream. I wake up from them you see and they are never real," Luna replied. "You dream about me?" Ginny asked. Luna blushed. "From time to time. I dream that I find a way to explain how I feel. I dream about the things I'm too frightened to think about while I'm awake," Luna said. Ginny kissed Luna on the forehead. "This isn't a dream or we're both having it," Ginny said. "So what happens now?" Luna asked. "We get some sleep," Ginny said. "After that, of course," Luna pressed. "Oh. I don't know. Whatever we want. We are adults now," Ginny said. "I suppose I'm wondering if this was an isolated event or whether…" Luna trailed off, seeming unsure of herself. "You're my best friend. Nothing can change that. I love you and I can see that you love me too," Ginny said. "I do," Luna said. "Then that's settled then. There's no more to know right now. I promise not to pretend like today happen if you will," Ginny said. "I promise," Luna said and they kissed again.