from you," beamed Ginny. "Thanks, Mrs Potter," said Scorpius, shyly. "Thanks Mum," grinned Albus. His expression changed and, as if sensing it, Scorpius moved away to give him some privacy. "Ah, Mum? Look after Dad, okay? Don't let him work too hard. Remind him to take some time off, maybe go for a holiday together," he suggested. "I'll try, Albus. Maybe I can rope the Minister for Magic herself into helping me with that one," she said lightly. "Aunt Hermione will understand. Dad...Dad needs a break from everything. You know, Mum," said Albus. Ginny nodded, and dared to kiss his forehead. "You're a good son, Albus. I'll look after your dad, don't you worry." "Might see you at Easter," he called, grabbing his carry-on bag, and Scorpius' arm, dragging him toward the train. They waved to Draco as they passed him, then hurried on to grab a carriage. Draco nodded to Ginny, then watched the boys get on the train. "Mum! Thank Merlin, you have to come and get Dad away from Dylan's dad, he's being sooooo embarassing," cried Lily, bursting through the crowds. "He's your Dad, that's his job," said Ginny, dryly. Lily practically leaped on Ginny. "I'll miss you, Mum. I promise I'll write once a week, will you write me back, let me know about Teddy and Vic, and Gran and Grandpa, and...and Dad. Mum, you will write me about Dad, won't you?" Ginny brushed her daughter's hair behind her ears. "Your dad's going to be fine, Lil. We all will be. You know why?" Lily grinned and nodded. "Because we're Potters!" Ginny laughed. " And as long as we have each other, we'll be fine." "Well, technically, Mum, you're a Weasley, only a Potter by marriage," teased Lily. "Ha, well, I'll have you know, I'm the only one of you that is a Potter by choice. The rest of you just got lucky," smirked Ginny, and Lily laughed. "Bye Mum, love you. Please tell Dad I love him too, even when he's being – " "Your father," interrupted Ginny, "your wonderful, overprotective, would kill anyone who threatens to hurt you or looks at you wrong, loves you to death, father." Lily sighed. "Yeah. All that." She hugged Ginny goodbye again and picked up her bag. "Hey, Lil?" called Ginny. Lily looked at her mother. "I heard your brothers bet you couldn't get into the Slytherin common room. Ten galleons each, wasn't it?" Lily nodded, her eyes shining with hope...and mischief. "Well, and you didn't hear this from me, mind, but there's a portrait near their common room. A knight on a horse. Tell him Ginny sent you, that you're on a mission. And Lily...don't get caught!" Lily squealed and hugged her mother. "Little sister's code," whispered Ginny. "I love you, Mum," sighed a happy Lily. "Hey, what about me?" asked Harry, finally returning to Ginny's side. "The boys are on the train," he told Ginny. Lily launched herself at Harry. "I love you, Dad. I'll see you at Easter. Write to me. I'll miss you both." Harry seemed surprised at her outburst. "We love you too, Lily. Go on, the first whistle has blown already." Lily nodded. "Just...be safe, okay?" She disappeared into the crowd surging forward for a last farewell. "Isn't that usually my line?" teased Harry, but looked up when Ginny said nothing. To his surprise, she had tears in her eyes. "Hey, you okay?" She sniffed and nodded. "Yes. We've just got some pretty great kids, that's all." "Of course, they're Potters," said Harry proudly, putting his arm around her and drawing her close. "You know, why don't I try to see about having some time off soon? Let's get away, just the two of us."" "Oh Harry, yes, that would be so great," said a relieved Ginny. Woo Hoo. Steam billowed and ever so slowly, the big red train pulled away from the station. Harry and Ginny ran to see the kids, surprisingly all in one compartment, with Scorpius, Rose and Hugo. "Bye, bye," they called, waving. "Bye Mum, bye Dad, we'll owl soon," they called back excitedly. They, like so many other parents, stayed till the train took it's first turn and was out of sight. Harry missed them already, but knew they were heading for Hogwarts, where Hagrid was waiting to welcome them back, where they'd see their friends agxain, share meals in the Great Hall, and learn wonderful new things about magic. Ginny threaded her arm through his and they began to walk back towards the wall. Draco fell in step with them, as did Ron and Hermione. B"I have to get back to the Ministry, I'm afraid," said Hermione, kissing gRon's cheek. "Harry, are you coming in?" B"Ernie's got it all underb control, I told him I'd be there after lunch," said Harry. Hermione nodded and Apparated away. Harry and Ginny fell behind Ron and Draco, amused to see the two once arch enemies walking together. They walked through the barrier and out of the station. "So, I think it's going to be a nice day," said Ron, for want of something to say. "Really?" drawled Draco, looking up at the grey sky and adjusting his coat collar to cover his neck against the cold air. He shot Ron a bemused look. Ron bristled. "Say, I wanted to ask you, does your pony tail go all frizzy when it rains?" Ginny nudged Harry, who snorted with laughter. He turned it into a cough when both Ron and Draco turned to look at him. Draco rolled his eyes. "Think I'll be off. Good day, Ginny, Potter. Weasley." He walked off towards the Apparition point outside the station. "He's still a ferret," muttered Ron, "no matter what we went through with him." Ginny linked arms with both Harry and Ron. "Come on, I thought we were past all that. Ron, let it go, please. Come join me and Harry for lunch." "Is Harry paying?" asked Ron, brightening. "Always," sighed Harry.