make sure she was out of sight before he went up to the bookcase and pulled a dark red covered book off the shelf. He flipped it open and saw what he wrote; I believe I have found my mate in Potter. How I know this is rather simple I suppose; from the way I have stopped deducting points from him as I often used to. I have given him more credits, but not so publicly to the students and staff members. The way I watched him grow up and mature, and how secure he is in identifying himself. Potter does not like to be controlled and instead, he prefers to have the control. Unfortunately, he is not of age yet and I will have to wait. Will he want me by then? I must prove myself worthy to him one way or another. I hope he will want me… even if he doesn't need me… All I need is for him to want me to control me. One day, I suppose… Severus breathed in and he knew this will not be easy. He waited and tried to do what he could to pass the time. With assignments to be graded and his classes to be taught, it didn't keep him as busy as he'd hoped, but the double spy role kept him on his toes. The Dark Lord has been planning something bigger than anyone has ever dreamed for this year, and he wished he knew what it was. Last year, he was not pleased and tortured several Death Eaters. It was all because Harry's friends jumped in and saved their friend from being killed. He closed his book and placed it back where it was originally. He exited his office and headed to the Headmaster's office to discuss some things with the old man further. There was no going back from this and it was only the beginning now. The fear he had been squashing settled in now, but he was confident it would help. As he reached the office he muttered the password and headed up. The Headmaster was signing paperwork and having his owl delivering the paperwork to the correct people. Albus looks up with a welcoming smile and gestures to the bowl on his desk, "Lemon Drop?" Severus sighs and declines politely, "No thank you Headmaster, but I have something of concern that we need to address." The Headmaster frowns in concern and he asks, "Is this about Tom?" "Not this time. He's still planning whatever it is he's planning." Severus shakes his head with a scowl before ploughing on, "I'm afraid that Potter is not receiving the proper care at the hands of his relatives." He sneers slightly before continuing, "He refused to discuss it with his friends and pretended it doesn't bother him." The elder man blinks in confusion before asking, "What made you say that my dear boy?" "I've seen his memories and how they mistreat him. They beat him from time to time and the recent one was a shoe thrown at him." He scoffs slightly, "He needs to be removed from their care immediately." The Headmaster knew Severus had tried to train the boy to shield his mind from Voldemort, but that was almost two years ago. The training had stopped for a reason, yet, this was being brought up now and the man in front of him was concerned at the start of Harry's last year and for the young man to continue his schooling here at Hogwarts. He carefully read Severus and knew there wasn't a lie. The way those dark eyes kept a clear indication of what he was doing. The way he would report to him about anything unusual once he was free to interact with him. Then again, he suspected it was part of planning and decided to play along. He was not going to upset the man any further than need be. He sighs and sets his quill back in the ink pot before steepling his fingers in front of him, "We do not need him to think we cannot help him out of this situation. The blood wards will be pointless if he no longer considers that place home and he will need a secure home now." The blue eyes glance up at the young man before him and said man scowls, "Good. Find him a place to stay, I have done my part." Albus tsks at him and says, "You will be taking him in Severus." "No, absolutely not. That brat hates me and the feeling is mutual." He crosses his arms and glares at the old coot. Said old coot shakes his head and leans back in his chair, "You brought this to my attention and the least you could do is watch over him for the summer. The Weasley's don't have enough resources for him all summer." "Why not his precious Head of House?" "She's visiting her family out of the country and she will not be able to provide proper protection for our young Saviour. And besides, Severus, you have more experience in the matter, so you will watch over the boy and that is it. Am I clear?" He raises an eyebrow expectantly and Severus huffs whilst scowling. He knew Albus wasn't buying his act as much as he'd wanted, but that provided an easy way to be successful, "You are doing it and if I see you fail, I will reject your request to be the DADA professor for next year." Professor Snape drops his arms, "Fine. The brat will stay with me in my quarters for the summer. Don't expect us to tolerate each other." He sneers and Albus chuckles, nodding and gesturing for the man to leave now. Severus did so immediately, not wanting to waste time. Once he was back in his chambers, he smirked to himself as he felt his plan coming together. This will prove to be a very interesting summer indeed.