hand has pulled him back down, but this time, Bill is ready for him, flipping Charlie on top of him so he kneels over Bill's lean body. He runs his hand along his sibling's taut thighs and along the side of his torso. Playing with the edge of his plain blue T-shirt, he slips his hand underneath to feel burning skin. Charlie gasps, as the hand creeping along every muscle in his chest is like ice. A chill runs through his body. He gasps again when Bill pulls him into a fierce kiss, crushing their lips together, his tongue demanding entrance into his mouth, his nipples being teased by determined thumbs. Bill's mouth tastes of something completely new to him, a passion hidden by a mask of youth. He moans into Bill's mouth, arching his back and the fingers bite down on skin. Bill flips Charlie off of him, pulling him sideways and tugging the T-shirt over his head. He takes a moment to admire his brothers beautiful body; his hands sprawled on his chest, caressing every muscle before he swoops in and slowly kisses his neck, once, twice, three times. Charlie's senses are clouding and as he begins to unbutton the shirt clinging to Bill's lithe frame he struggles to suppress a moan. Bill leaves a mark as he bites down on Charlie's thick neck and out of the corner of his eye he can see his white shirt being flung to the floor. "More," the ex-Quidditch captain gasps. Bill obliges, moving up to nibble on the lower lip of his athletic sibling, letting his hand slide slyly underneath the waistband of Charlie's jeans. He is shocked to find that Charlie is commando. "Mum hasn't given back my laundry yet," he moans, leaning into the foreign touch. It feels nothing like his own hand, he notices. Bill strips him of his jeans and he lies on the bed completely nude. Before any insecurities or inhibitions are able to catch up with him, he in encompassed in a hot, wet mouth. "Holy fuck." A soft tongue runs along the base of Charlie's dick and as soon as it hits the tip again, his entire length is taken into Bill's mouth. Bill grasps his hips tightly, as if to steady both of them and moves down slowly, applying a good amount of suction. Charlie bucks slightly and quivers when nails dig into his hips. "Shh..." Bill moves his tongue swiftly, teasing the slit at the tip of Charlie's cock, swirling and suckling the head and Charlie grips the bedsheets, slowly thrusting upwards. The impact of the explosion leaves his body shaking and Bill moves toward his face for a sweet and simple kiss, to comfort the boy. "How fa r do you want this to go?" Bill wonders out loud. "I need to get it over with. I want you to love me, make love to me. Fuck me slowly and then fuck me into the bedsheets and kiss away my problems." Bill nods, his throat suddenly dry and he lets Charlie fumble with his trousers, letting him remove both them and his boxers. "Are you sure?" "I don't want to die a virgin. Now fuck me already." Bill smiles softly, and whispers something under his breath. Charlie smirked, remembering the night vividly, as if it were just yesterday, his hands on his own cock, pumping steadily as the memory took over his mind. A single slick finger slips inside his tight body, curling upwards. A second is quickly added, scissoring him softly in order to ready him for what is to come. Bill grabs hold of his hips and flips him over, forcing his ass to be exposed and his face to lay crushed against the mattress. On instinct, Charlie braces himself holding onto the headboard as Bill slowly eases himself into the warm, wet entrance. Oh, how he remembered it all; the taste, the smell, the sensation. He could feel it heightening, like localized lightning, and he stroked harder, determined to bring himself to peak. Charlie winces as Bill pushes himself into his brother's firm ass as far as possible, slowly bringing himself back out, trying so hard to control himself - wanting to fuck the writhing body beneath him clueless right there. He pushes in once more, a little easier the second time, and pulls almost completely out once more. Suddenly, Charlie forces himself back further, taking more than either man thought possible and he arches falling flat on his stomach as Bill hits his tender prostate. "Oh, God!" he gasps, throwing himself back again and again, undalating - forcing Bill to push harder and faster until, finally, both reach a shattering orgasm. Spent, Bill falls atop of the other boy, the other man, their legs becoming intertwined. He picked himself up from his favorite chair, reaching for a towel to wipe himself clean of a five-year-old memory. He smiled, exhausted... still longing for more than what he had, but satisfied, nevertheless. He remembered what had happened after the encounter. Bill had flown off to Egypt and Charlie met Ingrid at the Inn. "Charlie!" Ingrid exclaims, excited to see he has arrived. She throws her arms around him and brings him into a kiss that doesn't come close to the one he shared with Bill two nights before. "Ingrid. Ingrid. I'm not staying, Ingrid. I love you, but we just aren't meant to be. I came to say goodbye." Charlie looks around the room, looking for anything to look at except her breaking heart. "I'm sorry to hear that," she spits icily, gathering her bags and starting towards the door. "And here I thought you knew what it means to be a man." "I do," he whispers. "I do." He would never see Ingrid again. Never know her touch, never hear her laughter. But that was alright. He had his memories. He had his loved ones. Charlie picked up the phone and dialed. Ring. Ring. Ring. "Hello, Bill?"