her so often over the years. It took very little for her to melt into him, to forgive that he'd once again retreated because there were time when she wanted to retreat as well, when things were too heavy and people too demanding. It wasn't difficult for her to empathize with him, but she also didn't want it to become commonplace between them that when reaching what seemed like an impasse, he or she chose to walk away. "You know, we need to work on your trust in me, Severus. Although we've been great friends, this part of our relationship is still relatively new and I don't want when things become more difficult that we retreat from each other. I don't want to play games...not that I think you were purposely trying to hurt me...I just…" She felt herself floundering, she didn't want to anger him or make him feel guilty, but it was something that needed to be addressed. "It's difficult to change a lifetime of reaction, but I endeavor do better for you." As though they were magnetically attracted to her face, his fingers traced the roundness of her eyes, the crease between them where her brow furrowed, often in contemplation but sometimes in annoyance with him, and then her lips, soft and warm he leaned into his her, replacing the coolness of his fingers with the heat of his mouth. "I love you, Severus, I always will, and I don't care if that makes me sound like a bleeding-heart Gryffindor. You need to be told and often, otherwise I fear you'll forget." Pulling away from her momentarily, he studied her expression and knew he didn't relish seeing it; she looked like she had the night before, when she'd left him for the loo. "I will not forget, I promise." He whispered into her ear, adding moments later how much he loved her as well. Her stomach rumbled having not been filled enough earlier, but she didn't mind if it meant she got to stay cozy in his arms for a while longer. "Let's finish breakfast and we can celebrate Christmas more appropriately. I'm sure the Potters are curious about your absence by now." Reluctantly, she moved away from him and back to the delicious breakfast he'd conjured for them, relishing the jam as she caught herself staring at him like a lovesick first-year, but she couldn't help it. Pushing the tray between them, she reached for his hand for a moment and held it tightly as she finished the food on her plate. It didn't seem possible that they'd worked things out, that the pain she'd felt when he'd pushed her away could ebb in his honesty. "Shower?" Pushing the tray away again, his eyebrows quirked and for a moment he contemplated her. "How about we get married today." He offered, a trade from her idea of a shower and saw a multitude of emotions cross her face before a smile so large it was certainly Christmas. "You really think we should?" "I wouldn't have brought it up if I didn't. What's the point in waiting, really? We could've gotten married when I asked you and I would've been ready, only this setback made me question whether you'd want to and since you do, I'd like to get that shored up before you change your mind." Taking his hand, she led him to his bathroom and though she'd only been in it once before, she knew her way around it well enough. Turning the taps, she undressed him, allowed the water to get warm enough for him, he always liked it hotter than she did. Kissing him, softly at first and then with passion that had been broiling for years, she led him into shower, the cold stone floor a far contrast to the heat wafting from the steam, enveloping both of them in a cozy cocoon. Lifting the flannel and soap she began to wash his back, the length of his arms, and when he turned to face her she revelled in him, the touch of color in his cheeks, the way his eyes seemed to consume her entirely and before she could think further, sink into the depths of fathomless eyes, his lips covered hers and she felt certain that marrying him was possibly the best Christmas she could possibly imagine, even with obstacles and the unfortunate misunderstanding, Hermione knew her life was better having had Severus in it. "What are you thinking so deeply on?" His words traveled on the water, his teeth gently nibbling the soft skin at her neck, her earlobe, and then back down. "On whether my future husband prefers his wife to come to the marriage bed virtuous and meek or wanton and wiley." "How about both and then I decide later once I've had a taste of your wares." She giggled for a moment, trying to imagine herself dominating him when she much preferred herself to be dominated, the thought alone, of him instructing her, made her shiver. "Tasted my wares, huh?" He splashed her a bit, then pulled her close. "Yes, madam, sweet…" She cut him off, "like sugar?" He finally added after contemplating her, sizing her up, enjoying his free view of her delectable form, "Like sugar and perhaps something with a hint of spice." It took only one step to reach his face and pull it down to hers, to put her arms around his neck, fingers in his hair. "I'll show you spicy." Some hours later they arrived at Grimmauld Place, situations explained and asked for an interlude to get their marriage license from the Ministry and before dinner they were wed, off after a hefty meal, a devilish game of White Elephant, and hugs and kisses from their surrogate families, to Terceira, to truly solidify that they were going to work together, for the other, and that if it ever should arise, another life-altering week of news, they'd ford that stream when it came.