shoulder, "You are in no condition and certainly not in the position to challenge me." he said. He did have a point. She was lying on the hospital bed, practically exposed to everyone. Her temper abated slightly and Snape sensing that, chose to intervene, "Sarah," Snape's voice was low, "you need to be quiet now lest you will make an already troubling situation worse for both of us." "Your father is right. You need to quiet now. You are using all your strength on your hysteria," Voldemort said, his voice low, but commanding her obedience. She became distracted by the pain which was starting to crescendo to unfathomable heights. "I feel like I should," she gasped, "push." "No!" Voldemort said, sternly, "Fight against the urge, Sarah." he gripped her forearm. "Fight it now." "I can't!" "You are the most determined witch of your age. Use that determination to your advantage now." "What is it?" Severus stepped over to her, quickly. "She isn't dilated much and I don't think she will," Voldemort said, "I think that is part of the curse." "Oh Merlin," Sarah grunted, "that's not good, is it?" "No, Sarah," Voldemort said, quietly, "it is quite bad." Severus's face had paled and Sarah almost panicked at the look he was giving her. It was unguarded, raw, and she knew that if it must be horrendously bad if Snape chose not to guard his emotions in Voldemort's presence. "Dad" She met his eyes. Her body began to convulse uncontrollably as she twisted against the pain, screaming. She reached out for Sev, but Voldemort moved to hold her down against the bed with both of his hands. "I want her womb saved." Voldemort held her down, pinning her on the bed as she thrashed. "Put her to sleep and let's work. I'm not sure exactly what Bellatrix did, but there is considerable damage and more done if she pushes." "No!" she screamed as she fought against him, trying to get to Sev, panicked and knowing he was the only one who could keep her calm and soothe her fear. But still he remained fixed in his spot, his arms crossed. He wasn't going to move towards her without the Dark Lord's permission. "Maybe Bella could help. If she did this, she should fix it," Snape said, darkly. "She killed her," Narcissa finally spoke up, quietly. "Who killed Bellatrix?" Snape turned towards her in shock. "Sarah did," Voldemort retorted, "are you surprised?" "Yes," Snape said, slowly. "And no." "I'm not surprised. Not at all." he fought against her, "now fix this, before I decided to finish what I started and kill you all. We are all adept at healing magic. Between the three of us, we can heal her." "End it. Dad, please!" she begged, the pain unbearable- it felt worse than the cruciatus and that was saying something for sure. She wanted him so badly at that moment- his comfort, his arms around her to strengthen her, but she saw the exchange of a look that passed between Voldemort and her dad. He had finally given his verdict and they all knew what it meant. He was not to touch her now- not to offer her any comfort...healing, yes, comfort no. "Sarah," Snape's tone was weary, "I was almost killed once tonight. I would die to save your life gladly, but I'm not going to forfeit my life so you can die. I won't do it." "Listen to your father." Voldemort leaned down to whisper in her ear, his breath hot against her neck, "And listen to me carefully. Get this into your stubborn, pretty head of yours. If you die, I will kill your him and your husband, along with the mudblood and the blood traitor-everyone you love. I'll kill them in a more horrific way than you can ever imagine, so you fight to live now, do you hear me?" he leaned up, "put her to sleep now, Severus," he ordered, firmly. Snape murmured and Sarah felt the magic invading her body, putting her into a restless sleep. Snape's face was pale and taunt as he picked up the child in one hand and wrapped him in blanket. "Severus," Voldemort snapped, "Leave him. I need you here. There is more to be done." It felt wrong to so cavalierly lay aside his grandson without a moment of mourning. "Sev" Narcissa didn't have to say anymore before he quickly followed orders. He hardened his heart. He was in enough trouble as it was. "She needs blood replenishers and plenty of them," Snape said. "I don't think," Narcissa's voice was low, "I'm not sure that will help save what the Dark Lord wants to save." Voldemort lowered his wand, dropping it to the bed, "Narcissa is right," he said, "but there is another way." "My Lord," Snape's mouth grew grim. "if you are talking about what I think you are, she'll think her womb is cursed." "I don't care what she thinks," Voldemort said. "Everyone else will think that too," Narcissa said, quietly, "that any children borne will be destined to be..." Voldemort laughed, "Evil?" he rolled his eyes, "That's nonsense." "Of course it is," Narcissa said, quickly, "but to use dark magic to recreate her reproductive system is risky." "And it has only been done," Severus cleared his throat, "to restore virginity, not this." "Then it is a good thing I am the most powerful wizard of all time, Severus," Voldemort said, "and that I studied well all these years about the workings of magic and the human body, because I will succeed in doing this. I will have her as my mistress and she will bear my children" He grunted, "And you would do well to help me figure this out." "Yes, my Lord." Severus bowed his head. "Narcissa?" "Of course, my Lord," she said, smoothly, "Where do we begin?" A/N: And so it begins...please review...and follow...and make sure to check out the parallel story, Finding the Way .