the both of them, then to the left, into the corner, across of both of them again, to the ceiling, stop, back down to them and stayed there. "Where is Melissa?" he asked stupidly. "She is a prefect . Think, Goyle. Where would someone in this position would be at this time?" she spat at him, angry about being disturbed while she do had a run in describing her ex-boyfriend. "..." Goyle seemed to be thinking very hard. They just keept on looking at him to finally get an idea. "But... She wasn't in the bathroom?" "Dumbledore! She is in the compartment with all the other prefects, the Head Girl and the Head Boy!" "Ah, okay," he bawled. "You could've just said that." And he slammed the door shut faster than any of them would have thought. Sirius turned again towards Anna and smiled at her with full of expectations. "What?" she asked suspicious. "We stopped at selfish?" "What are you playing at? You really want me to find hundred other nasty words to describe you?" "I can take it. Or do you want to stare silently holes into the air?" "Sirius," Anna finally said tired. "This is going to be a very long year, if we continue to nag on each other like that." "Didn't started it." "All right." It was obvious that he would love to continue like this. Sirius talent to have notorious Neanderthal conversations were just unbeatable. "Proposal: We start again as good friends as we were before. The past 2 month just never happened. Okay?" He seemed to think about that very thoroughly, then made a grimace and finally smirked broadly. "All right. It's a deal! Good friends. I like that more, anyway." "Yeah, me too." And in the end both of them leaned back against the seat and relaxed. "I really didn't understand, how you can hang around such a annoying pain in the ass." "Sirius!" "Sorry! Hang around such an annoying chick ." "Call her Lilli or at least Evans." "All right, Evans." "Well, Alice seems to like her a lot and I like Alice a lot. It's not that easy. It's not like we're hanging around all the time and it surely didn't mean that I didn't like her. I didn't really know her." "You insulted her earlier?" "I defended Melissa, that's different. She is my friend and if Evans attack her, I have the right to defend her." "Yeah, right," Sirius said in a know-it-all manner. "Admit it, White. We are both alike, but I didn't need a false reason to justify myself." She narrowed her eyes nastily. "Do me a favour, Black and apparate to the other end of the train!" "That would torture you!" "Dumbledore, you know that you are extreme big-headed?" "You are cursing with your great-grandfather name. You do realise that, don't you?" "Merlin was the biggest wizard of our time and you use his name to curse all the time. As long as I'm not cursing with Oh, Voldemort , there is no reason to put me into St. Mungo." So, the train ride continued and they both carried on talking about nonsense till their friends came back. "That was such a torment!" Kingcade said bugged. "Evans have lost her wand, if you ask me. She acts like she is the boss or something." "Well, she is in a way. She is Head Girl," Remus said calmingly. "So what? It's just a transcription for teachers pet. I wonder why Dumbledore didn't name you Head Girl, Anna. You are his -" "Great-Granddaughter? So what?" she answered and faintly smiled. "You know him and his exaggerative sense of justice. What should the others think if he favoured his own family? I didn't want to be that anyway. In that position, you magically draw trouble which is probably the reason he chose James." "Huehn?" he made surprised and when he finally understood her words, he just narrowed his eyes and blinked at her offended. "Ha-Ha, very funny. Drop it!" Anna just smirked boldly back. Even so she was James best friend, she was still a closed book to him. Everybody knew that she was the last offspring of the Dumbledore family, but she never acted like anybody wanted her to. She neither fulfilled the expectations of Dumbledore or any other teacher or even her own friends. In school she was considered as difficult to handle and not really a nice person. James was probably the only one, who really was very close to Anna due to the fact that they shared some secrets only with each other. This maybe also a reason why Melissa set value on her friendship with Anna, who knew about that value she held by being close friends with James and the other Marauders. But deep in her heart, Anna wished something else for herself. She wished to have a life like her friends, which seemed to be so much easier than her own life. Lilli sat several compartments further, starring towards the forest outside the window. The more they came towards Hogwarts, the more they hid behind the mountain group. With her in the compartment were Diana and several other Rawenclaws. Lilli wasn't very close to the other Rawenclaws. Actually, she wasn't very close to anyone in Hogwarts or at home. She wasn't close to anyone. The truth was that Lilli felt so much loneliness she never expected she could really be able to feel. "Are you all right, Lilli?" Diana asked worried. She turned to her and nodded depressed. "Of course," she answered, but deep in her heart she was not all right at all. This year would be hard for her. That was what she thought. Very hard. "Lilli?" "Hm?" "Because of James and Anna -" "I don't want to talk about it, Diana. You know that and there is nothing left to say, okay?" "Okay, if you say so." With that the journey continued towards Hogwarts without them saying anything more.