"An Animagus form that's a reptile. Remind me once more why you are put in Hufflepuff?" Felix scowled. Ever since he heard the Sorting Hat's song, he'd wanted to be in Slytherin, the Lair of the Cunning. He would have settled for Ravenclaw, but Slytherin was where he really wanted to be. And then the Hat put him in Hufflepuff. ' And if they aren't brave hearts, Or cunning, or wise. Hand them over to me. And I'll treasure them like a valuable prize.' Why was he dumped with all those that were left over again? He felt a surge of resentment for the Hat. Also, all the cryptic comments the hat left with him didn't help either. But after the events of last year, Felix was more at peace with Hufflepuff as his house. Giving a long suffering sigh, Felix turned to Sirius. "It's probably because they wouldn't be able to handle my greatness." Sirius snorted. . . . . . The second is Sirius Black. Yes, the one the Prophet calls a mass-murderer. Turns out he isn't. Neither is he a Death Eater. He's actually a very nice person who is helping me out quite a bit with Transfiguration. Who'd have thunk it? . . . . . It was January, and Felix was in the Hufflepuff common room, Cedric helping Felix with his OWL preparations, when Professor Sprout walked in, tense lines drawn around her face. "Felix Fortescue?" Felix threw her an inquisitive look, wondering what had gotten the cheery Herbology professor in such a twist. She locked eyes with me and nodded curtly. "Professor Dumbledore would like to speak with you." Felix shot a baffled look at Cedric, who simply shrugged, before standing up and following Professor Sprout. Before long, they were outside Professor Dumbledore's office. Without sparing the gargoyle a glance, Professor Sprout uttered a curt "Chocolate Fudge." and the gargoyle swept open. Felix entered the office and looked around. The office was tidy, yet cluttered at the same time, trinkets and objects of unknown origin filled the room, and in the middle was a desk, with a wizened old man at it. Professor Dumbledore raised his eyes to meet Felix, the usual cheery charm they held was replaced by an uncharacteristic sombre look. "Felix, I'm sorry to disturb you, but the matter is rather urgent. It's about your father." . . . . . It's still difficult to accept the fact that you're gone. Mum misses you. The twins miss you. I miss you. . . . . . Felix was standing in front of the grave. It was a beautifully carved tombstone reading 'Francis Fortescue (1952-1994)'. The tombstone wasn't extremely ornate, it was rather plain, as compared to the some of the more extravagant tombstones, but it still was the most humbling according to Felix. A great tomb for a great man. A loud crack was heard by the teen, but he paid it no mind. "I've been looking for you." the old man said, walking up to Felix and standing besides the boy, gazing at the tomb stone with a wistful look. "Your mother is getting quite worried." Felix said nothing, completely ignoring his uncle. The two stood there for a few minutes, one paying respect to his now-dead brother, the other lost in his thoughts. "It is understandable that you miss him, Felix," Florean Fortescue tried again "-but your family needs you. Your twins need a guiding figure, and your mother needs your help." A wry smile crossed the older man's face "Merlin above, the twins are a real handful at their worst." This brought a small twitch to the Felix's lips. They stood in silence for a few moments, before it was broken again, by Felix, this time. "Does it ever stop hurting?" His voice was raw and cracking, from misuse for a long time. Florean gave his nephew a searching look, his expression thoughtful. "I suppose it doesn't." he finally answered "but it does hurt less with time. You'll stop drowning in the pain and look back to those memories of him with fondness, given time." He clasped the boy's shoulder, slowly turning him so that their eyes met. "But for that to happen, you need to learn to accept it, move on." Felix met his uncle's gaze with a hollow stare, and the older man had to swallow, before continuing. "It will hurt. But remember, your dad is always keeping an eye on you. The point is, don't think of your father as... dead ...but, just gone away for a long time." He was silent for a few seconds, as he watched his nephew take in the information. "What do you do when the two of you are separated?" Felix was quiet for some time, before replying with a dead "Write to each other." Florean nodded, smiling a bit. "So write letters to your father. Tell him how your day is. I'm sure he'll want to hear about it." After a small pause, "You think you can do that for him?" Felix was motionless for some time, before giving his uncle a small nod. This seemed to brighten up the older Fortescue. "Wonderful. So shall we get back? I'm pretty sure your mother is calling the Muggle police about your disappearance." At this, Felix gave a small grateful grin to his uncle before replying with a quiet "Sure," Florean smiled at his nephew, took his hand, and with a loud crack, they disappeared. . . . . . I hope you are happy, wherever you are. I hope I can be a person you can be proud of. Most of all, I hope you are watching over me. Your son, Felix. Well, here we are. Another plot bunny attack. It is not my fault. Also, this will also have a lot of emotion in the start so it may be a bit rough. Please don't kill me. Hope you peeps enjoyed. Let me know what you thought. -ProdigyPsycho