that.' Minerva had to admit that there was merit to what they said. The rapidly diminishing points of house Gryffindor were evidence enough, not even mentioning the increasing number of complaints from distressed parents. Augusta Longbottom was only one among many. 'Everyone knows Snape's a death eater', said Alastor Moody. He was never one to miss an opportunity to emphasise this point, imposter or not. 'He's about as bad as they get, he-' Just then, the door to the staffroom opened. In strode Snape, stopping short just inside of the threshold to scowl at the small gathering. Firmly in place was the mask he reserved for those he did not trust at all. The atmosphere in the room changed, and everyone went unnaturally quiet. 'Speak of the devil,' said Moody snidely, his magical eye trained on the newcomer. Hooch tittered into her tea. Snape usually made himself scarce whenever Moody was present. Which was unfortunate, because others on staff thought it suspicious that he refused to spend time with the old auror. This time though, he could not turn around and leave without losing face. 'What was that, Moody?' Snape asked. He sat stiffly in the seat closest to the door, observing them warily. 'We were discussing who has it in for Harry Potter this year,' said Hooch. 'Not that you'd be interested. Whomever they are, I expect you to fully sympathise with their agenda.' Though she was smiling, it was hard to tell whether she was being serious. Snape grunted irritably, but did not speak. As he made a move towards the tray on the table, Moody, who sat closer, picked it up from under his nose, and held it out to Sinistra. She accepted the last biscuit with a sweet 'thank you.' 'I know what you think of me,' said Snape then. 'What you all say behind my back.' That I'm a death eater hung unspoken in the air. 'Don't be so dramatic, Professor,' Sinistra said, but Moody cut her off. 'Yet you do not deny it.' It was not a question. 'Like I say, Snape, some spots just won't come off.' Several of the other people in the room, Minerva included, shifted uncomfortably. 'We'll soon know, won't we?' Moody continued, 'when Voldemort returns-' Snape could not hide the flinch, and an ugly flush spread on his sallow cheeks. Moody smiled knowingly. 'When Voldemort returns, old Snape here will flee to the hills. Mark my words. But you can't hide forever, snake.' 'Alastor, really!' Even Hooch was scandalised. Snape stood from his chair, hands clenched into fist at his sides. 'At least then you'll be rid of me,' he said, 'it is after all what you have always wanted.' She had been the only one to go after him when he stormed off. As she stayed him by grasping his arm in a deserted corridor, he recoiled as though her touch had burnt him. 'You shouldn't take it so hard, Severus,' she said. 'We both know what Moody is like. Since coming here to teach, he has seemed… well, not quite right in the head, if you'll forgive me for saying. I fear his paranoia is getting the better of him.' Snape shook his head. 'I don't care,' he said. 'I don't care about that lunatic Moody. I don't care about any of them. They can all go to hell.' 'Then what's the matter with you, Severus?' she asked. 'You've been unbearable lately. You bite everyone's head off, and the students are complaining about you. It's no wonder they are beginning to talk.' 'Let them complain,' said Snape. 'They've never been fond of me and I cannot blame them.' 'Tell me what's wrong,' she insisted. 'It is my responsibility as deputy to see to their welfare. You are behaving worse now than you ever have, I fear I must soon make an official enquiry.' 'You want the truth, Minerva,' he said harshly. ' Fine . It's coming back.' She inhaled. 'Of what do you speak?' He bared his teeth. They were crooked and neglected, and gleamed yellow in the candlelight from the wall sconce. 'The dark mark.' 'What are you saying?' 'He will return,' said Snape. 'The Dark Lord will return. It's growing darker every day.' Her heart had frozen in her chest. She knew that Dumbledore had his suspicions, but here was undeniable proof. What fate would the muggleborn students face? Their futures were bound to turn dark and uncertain. Did the Headmaster have a plan in place to secure them? She looked back at the man in front of her. His assistance in the last war had been indispensable. Would he flee, as Moody had said? 'What will you do?' she asked. Snape was silent for some time, looking off to the distance. 'Dumbledore expects me to go to him,' he said. 'He won't order it directly, but we both know that…' He swallowed. 'We both know that I owe it to him.' He looked askew at her with an odd expression. 'After all these years, I don't think I'll last very long. I haven't occluded, or tasted an unforgiveable in fourteen years.' He chuckled darkly. 'You know, my greatest wish is for him to say 'stay, my boy. You don't have to go, we'll find another way'.' 'But you'll go, won't you?' He had not answered her, but not half a year later, he had returned to his master's side to atone for his sins. In what way he had managed to convince the tyrant to spare his life, and what his punishment had been, Minerva never knew. Yet she had no doubt that it had been merciless. How Snape must have dreaded this fate, knowing that his treason would cost him dearly. The tightness of his shoulders, and the haunted look in his eye had never left him after this. The next time she had seen him relaxed was when he lay dead and still in the infirmary, the night after the final battle.