stomach growled, but he ignored it naturally. Dusk tilted his head, wondering why the boy wouldn't drink or eat something before doing something. Then, he realized a few things…his relatives wouldn't allow him unless it was given. There were footsteps coming through the hallways and headed over to the boy's location. Dusk quickly hid himself behind one of the counters that appeared to be a small space to fit his size. Harry set down a tray of finger sandwiches and other things onto a larger tray. The long horse face woman scowled at the boy, but showed that she would accept what he did for the day. "Set them outside, boy. After that, a small sandwich and head upstairs. You know the rules." She gestured him to the yard and above her head. Harry nodded, watched her leave the kitchen, and he muttered something about stupid tea party routines. A sigh, glancing at the scones and pondered if any of his aunt's friends liked the tastes of them. Unaware, the animagus cat peaked his head and saw the boy carrying the large tray like nothing and walked out of the kitchen to the front door. The black fur followed him in silence and kept his guards up at all cost. They were returning to the yard once more and- "Oh, who is this?" A shock, but sweet tone lady like spoken up. Petunia shrugged, "Nephew, don't worry about him, though, he will not be bothering us." She glared at him, for being behind on schedule. The emerald eyes blinked, not expected such notice, and decided to nod along. He set the tray down, removed the smaller trays onto the table, and put the pitcher of tea down in the middle. The rest was the basic napkins, cups, and forks for their needs during a tea party. "He's such a gentleman, Petunia, why are you hiding such a wonderful boy?" The same woman, a wavy golden blonde appeared to be pleased. "It's…" She hasn't exactly mentioned much of her 'nephew' due to her sister, "…how he is. Mother like son," She shrugged, "Nothing's new." Harry's shoulders tensed up when he heard the way his aunt spoke about him. The boy naturally knew when she lied ever since he was eleven, perhaps he knew how to spot one. This was closest compliment or kindness he has ever received from her. Dusk did see some point of that and did not disagree to some point. "I will be in my room for the rest of the day…reading," Harry stated, knowing he had to appear 'normal' for his aunt's friends. The aunt nodded stiffly about it and pleased to be escaping from him soon enough. It was a nightmare to be seen with him and could not tolerate such room level. Dusk glanced at the guest, reading her carefully from what he could observes, and saw that Potter's behavior had changed. The boy had seen him earlier, so might as well become involved. A meow escaped his lips and the guest awed from the sound of things. Harry flinched and scanned quickly to spot for the black cat. His emerald eyes widened and feared things would worse! The Norwegian Forest cat walked up to him and nudged his body against his leg for the attention. The woman smiled, "I can see you're quite trusting and good person, especially that sort of breed knows the difference to good and bad people." She nodded. Petunia was about to order him to remove the cat from the property until her friend beaten her to the point. It was conflicting now that she cannot remove that creature from her. She forced a grin and went along. "Yes, a pet of his'," She glanced at the boy, "…it was supposed to remain indoors and in his bedroom." Her brow rose, questioning him why he was not doing his part of responsibility. Harry stared at her as if she claimed to be a deatheater for Voldemort. He was not certain if he heard her correctly, but the looks on the women did not seem falter on his part. If anything, disliking the unusual situation was going too far for him. He knelt down and collected the animagus into his arms. He turned around and headed to the front door. As soon as he arrived to his room, he let the cat be on his paws on the floor and Harry fell backward onto his bed. "Can this day get any weirder?" Harry face palmed himself and groaned miserably. At least, he escaped from the rest of the chores due to the guests and decided to enjoy every little moment he could. Dusk watched him curiously, decided to act like a normal 'pet' by leaping onto the bed, and curled next to the boy's leg to sleep. To Harry's ears, the purring was soothing and comforted him to know it was trusting him. If there was one thing to know, his relatives will not stand for such pets or animals in this house. Harry knew that too well and decided to be prepare to take the cat somewhere else…just where, though, was the main question. His owl was being taken care of by his friend, Ron. It was the only way to keep Hedwig safe from his awful family and to be cared for properly. Then, it had occurred to him that Hermione might have a way to help since she knew much about cats and other things. He would write to her in the morning and that's he ought to do. Before falling sleep, the sight of the black cat sleeping on his bed was at peace and he did not wish to interrupt. He noticed the collar and a tag, but it only stated a name. Dusk. It was different, but something he wouldn't mind calling this one…no…he could not get attach to this one. Harry closed those emerald eyes and dismiss any related thoughts to his 'little guest'.