I was worried sick, and so was your father. You know better than that, and you lied to us about where you were. We flooed Alice's home and they said they had to cancel and send you home. So, where were you? And why didn't you tell us?" Hermione gushed, mostly in a lecture though seeming genuinely hurt by the end. Crap. She knew the biggest issue was going to be the lie. "I was with Scorpius," Rose began, disappointment in herself blossoming. "You were with the Malfoy kid? Bloody Hell Rose!" Ron interrupted, beginning his pacing across the family room floor. Rose sat on the sofa, knowing this was going to be a long conversation. Her mother joined her, at the same time she chastised her father. "Ronald. Give her a chance to explain. Rose, why didn't you tell us?" "I knew you wouldn't approve. Dad gets irritated at the mere mention of Scorpius," she replied while forcing tears back. Rose was an adult now, right? So this was a conversation that needed to happen without her bawling like a baby to her parents. "Bloody right I do! He's a pureblood born to scum!" "Ronald. He is not his father, Rose and Albus both see something in him so maybe you should try to as well," Hermione lectured Ron once more before returning to Rose. "Rosie, you didn't even tell us you wouldn't be home last night. We were worried sick. We flooed your grandmother several times to have her check the Weasley clock, so she was worried sick too." "I'm sorry mum. I wasn't going to stay. I went over for dinner, because I thought I should meet his parents, and then it was snowing and a long walk to the apparation point outside the manor and it was cold outside. We were sitting in front of a fire and then I fell asleep." "Why did you think you should meet his parents? You've been friends with him for years without feeling that way, haven't you?" her mother asked her curiously. "Well, because he's not just my friend anymore," Rose mumbled, looking into her mother's face for the first time. "He's my boyfriend." "He's your what?! Rose Weasley! You're dating a Malfoy?! What the bloody hell is wrong with you?!" her father screamed at her. Rose was still blinking back tears, but a few were managing to escape now as she jumped to her feet. "What the bloody hell is wrong with you?! He loves me and is kind and good to both me and Al! His mother is sweet and his father is respectful and fun to play chess with! What is so wrong about me dating a wizard I spend most of my time at Hogwarts with?!" she finally yelled back at Ron. "Rose!" Hermione raised her voice at her daughter for the first time. "Do not speak to your father like that! And Ron! We've been over this! He is not his father, so stop acting like he is!" "She thinks he loves her! And she was in the home where you were- Hermione! She was with Malfoy! And where you- where everything happened! And you're just okay with it? She's our Rosie!" "What in the name of Merlin's pants are you on about?! His father, 'Malfoy' as you insist on calling him, was perfectly kind! He never said a single thing, negative or otherwise about you, but you can never stop talking about him! But even if you're in love with Scorp's father, he isn't the man I'm dating! I love Scorpius, NOT his father!" "His father just stood by while his aunt tortured your mother! That's what I'm on about! And I will not have my daughter dating a Malfoy! End of discussion!" Ron turned and began to storm away from Rose, but she wasn't done. "It's a little late for that Ron!" she screamed at his retreating back. "I do love him and he loves me! We made love last night, and I'm not taking anything back! I want to marry him, and I don't care what you have to say!" With that Rose sprinted out the front door and was gone. Hermione turned her back to her husband and began crying in earnest, while he stood in shock, staring at the door his daughter had slammed behind her with his ears burning. Rose's return to the Malfoy Manor seemed to take half the time it'd taken her to get home. When she arrived at the door, she was sobbing too hard to even knock. When Scorpius exited his home to feed the peacocks ten minutes later, she was still in a crumpled ball in front of the door. "Rose? What happened?" he asked as he gathered her in his arms. She told him what her parents' responses were and explained the situation, and they talked for a long time. They made a plan before entering the manor and speaking to his parents about it. ~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~ Dear Mum, I hope I haven't frightened you too much. I spoke to Mr. Malfoy about what father said happened, and he told me the truth. He also said he was very sorry for doing nothing and letting it happen. He was just really scared at the time and didn't know what to do. I'm very sorry you had to go through that as well. I'm with Scorpius now, and I'm staying with him until school starts again, but we're not at the manor, so you won't find me there. Hopefully father calms down by the end of the school year, so I can come see you again. But, I need to do this. I've loved Scorpius for a long time now, and he's nothing like how his father was when you knew him. I'm sorry about how we parted, and I wish it hadn't been that way. I love you mum. Very, very much. I'll write again soon. Best wishes and all my love, Rosie