we may not like it at first. Perhaps Storm thought the same as you when he saw the crane, he thought it was a sort of gallow's pole. But he had no choice than to trust the Shaman if he wanted to save Ember." Suddenly, Hermione smiled naughtily at Harry. "Harry...what if you were in such a situation as Storm and this was the only way to save my life, what would you do?" Harry now blushed furiously: "Er, Hermione..." he stammered. "Y-You do understand this, right. Th-this may all look very sexy and such, but... like I said, in this story this was the only way to save Ember's life. S-so... Storm did not allow this just to see Ember naked, he just wanted to make sure his girlfriend did not die." Harry took a deep breath and continued: "So, to answer your question. If the only way to prevent your death would be tying you almost naked to a crane and lower your legs into a healing vapour, then yes, I would do that, Hermione. I would do anything to save you!" Harry felt very nervous. How would Hermione react to these words. To his relief, Hermione bowed over him and kissed his lips. "I know, Harry. And don't worry, I'm not a prude who thinks that so-called "decency" is more important than life. I know you'd want to do anything to save me, just like I would do anything to save you." Relieved, Harry took his girlfriend is his arms, and the two started tenderly cuddling each other. "Hermione, you're the best girlfriend anyone could wish for." These words made Hermione's naughty smile return. "Oh really, Harry?" Slowly she took off her nightshirt. "Tell me, who has the most beautiful body, me or Ember?" Harry laughed: "Hermione, you have a vastly more beautiful body than Ember for the simple reason that you are real and she is not!" Hermione kissed her boyfriend while reaching for the buttons of his pajamas. "Not good enough, Mr. Potter. I don't want you to just think I'm perfect, I want you to know why I'm perfect." Harry laughed as his hands slided down over Hermione's back towards her cute bum. As he felt her buttocks through the fabric of her pajama trousers, he laughed in surprise. "Don't tell me your panties reveal as much of your bottom as Ember's bottom in the comic?" As Hermione started to kiss Harry's chest, she winked and answered: "Well, there's only one way to find out, Harry." Harry winked back and slowly removed Hermione's pajama trousers. Gently he caressed Hermione's butt cheeks while Hermione placed kisses all over his body. As the two lovers calmly explored each other's bodies, warmed by the tender fire of love in their blood, Harry at last could see a future. A future of love. A future with Hermione beside him. They were here, now, together, and they would never lose each other. That was the promise they made to each other: I will do anything to save you "I love you, Hermione. I'm yours, now and forever." "I love you too, Harry. My heart belongs to you and you alone." With a grin, they both instinctively knew how to seal this pact. They both grabbed their wand and together they shouted out the one spell that was associated with happy memories: "EXPECTO PATRONUM!" But while Harry's stag Patronus appeared, to their surprise Hermione's otter changed into a doe. But they were smart enough to understand the meaning and burst into joyful laughter. Perfect relationships may not exist, but Harry and Hermione would never need to have any doubt about the truth of their love. Soon they were again caressing and kissing each other's bodies with loving tenderness. In the passion of love, Harry and Hermione slowly but surely lost control. They felt there was no more "him" and "her", only "us"... ...and when morning came, the sun was shining its warming rays down on a tent where two lovers were asleep, safe in each other's embrace and their sweaty bodies shining like a halo of happiness. A/N: My story "Memories of Love" is made up of bits and pieces that I had in mind in the past few years, and gradually it started to evolve into a coherent story. This scene (without the lovemaking at the end) was actually the first thing that jumped in my mind. I love Hermione, she's my favourite character in the books, but it always bothered me that she kept insisting The Deathly Hallows don't exist when they had hardly any other clues. It would have made more sense if the Brightest Witch of her Age would have said: "Well, I don't believe it, but it seems it's all we have, so it's better than wander around aimlessly" So that led to the idea of Harry trying to convince that sometimes things need to be done, because the only other option would be too gruesome. And indeed, the only options they have is "do or die". And what could be more ironic than Harry convincing Hermione with another fantasy story? However, while working on "Memories of love" I found that after the chapters I've written, this part didn't really fit in anymore. There already was a moment in which Hermione read the book she inherited from Dumbledore because they didn't have any other clues. And in my story I want my characters to be consistent, and it would have been completely inconsistent if Hermione now would insist the Deathly Hallows aren't real rather than following the only clue they have. (Also I realised now that despite the book, they would only hear about the name "Deathly Hallows" from Luna's father and not from the book.) Therefore I decided to remove this chapter from "Memories of Love", and make it a separate one-shot. Another "deleted scene", so to say. If you like "Memories of Love" so far, I hope you will like this story too.