and wet for me. Go on." He sounded a little breathless now, which made Harry feel a little better. Another soft tug, and Malfoy's prick was resting against his cheek, to the left of his nose. Harry inhaled, smelling the sharp scent of arousal cutting through the lingering traces of sweet soap. He licked his lips again, then turned his head and set his tongue on the pale flesh resting there. Harry looked to the blond for reassurance, then tentatively reached up to hold the hard organ in his hand as he bent his head and followed that throbbing vein with his tongue. Immediately Malfoy groaned, hips jerking forward even as his head leant back. Feeling his confidence boosted, Harry pressed firmer with his tongue, still licking from base to tip in broad swipes. Malfoy removed his hand, placing it with its partner on Harry's head and giving him free reign to manipulate the appendage to his liking. Harry used his hand to stroke and spread the slickness along Malfoy's shaft, as he placed wet kisses all along the base, massaging the flesh with his tongue, nose buried in golden hair. Apple scented soap. Musk. Sex. Harry had never smelled a boy before. Or, he had never really noticed anyway, apart from quidditch sweat and BO and the general odour that lingers in a boys toilet or dormitory, which really was nothing like this at all. He recalled Ginny smelling vaguely floral. He wondered if she would smell similar between her legs. If she would smell as deep, if he would be able to taste her on her tongue with every inhale. If her wet slick would taste anything like the salty, woody flavour on his tongue now. His eyes were half-lidded as he explored, guiding the rigid sex to his lips so Harry could lick at the precome beading at the pink tip. The taste was familiar, not so different from his own. Malfoy gasped and the hand in Harry's hair squeezed causing him to wince a little and look up. "Ah! Alright that's... good. Good." He cleared his throat, shaking his head a little to clear it. "Now I want you to open your mouth wide and cover your teeth with your lips like this," he showed Harry what to do, then, setting the head of his cock at Harry's lips, he gently moved him down, pushing the brunet to take it in. He didn't go very deep, thankfully, but rather than let Harry adjust to the feeling of the weight on his tongue, he tugged at his curls and pulled him back up, starting a slow rhythm, leaving Harry to adjust his mouth and his breathing in order to keep up. Shuffling closer on his knees, Harry set his hands on Malfoy's naked, jutting hips and closed his eyes to Malfoy's slow rocking. "Ohh... Merlin. I knew you'd look good like this, Potter- ungh!" he stopped himself from thrusting his hips, instead letting one hand wander to the back of Harry's neck, fingers petting the soft, damp skin there. "Okay, now try to use your tongue and suck a bit- kinda- uhhhm- hollow out your cheeks and make some- mmm- suction." Harry hummed his affirmation and was rewarded with a deep, shuddering gasp. Immediately he tried to do as Malfoy told him, hollowing his cheeks and sliding his tongue along the hard sex as Malfoy guided him deeper. Harry tried to keep his mouth and throat opened and relaxed, but still he gagged when the tip grazed the back of his tongue. Malfoy pet his hair in apology, and Harry squeezed the pale hips with his fingers, determinedly moving forward to take him as deep as he could. The Slytherin was continually making loud moans and groans and harsh gasps and pants, and Harry found the noises spurred him on. Draco had stopped guiding him now, and Harry sped his pace, taking Draco's cock almost to the root as he tried to keep up the manoeuvres that he had been taught. One hand slipped down to play with Draco's bollocks as he'd seen the other boy do earlier, and Draco couldn't stop himself from jerking forward, thrusting into the hot, wet mouth on his sex. "Ohhh, yeah, Potter that's it, Luv, just like that," he cooed mindlessly as he felt his balls draw tight. "Mmmmmm... gonna come..." he warned, and Harry obligingly took his lips away. Draco looked down to see Harry gazing up at him with his pupils blown, rimmed with brilliant green, his lips bruised and wet with spittle still connected to the tip of his cock, arousal colouring his pale cheeks, glasses sliding down his sweat-slick nose, cock tented in his trousers, and Draco couldn't help but come. Biting his lip and nearly snarling, Draco took his pleasure in long, pulsing waves, only barely having the presence of mind to aim for Potter's stupid glasses. Harry flinched as the warm wetness hit his face, splashing against his lips and cheek, then up across his glasses, causing him to scowl. As Harry sat confused and aroused, hair a mess, and covered in cum, Draco muttered a cleaning charm and set himself to rights. The Gryffindor moved to wipe the fluid from his face, but Draco caught him once again by the wrist, and hauled him up. Taking Harry's chin in hand, Draco turned his head and licked a swipe along Harry's cheek, tasting salty skin mixed with his own come. "Thanks Potter," he said in a surprisingly sincere tone. "I really needed that. Consider yourself forgiven." Then, with a sharp grin, he reached down and squeezed Harry's neglected erection through his trousers, surprising Harry into an orgasm of his own. Crying out, Harry's legs gave way and he slid back onto the floor. As he sat in a heap on the stone coming down from his unexpected climax, come cooling rapidly in his pants, he realised that Malfoy was gone. What the hell just happened?