touch her like he couldn't help it. He took an unsteady breath. 'I love you.' 'I know.' 'Did you just-' James kissed her stomach, laughing. 'Did you just Han Solo me?' 'I Princess Leia'd you,' Lily corrected. ' God , I love you.' The reverence in his tone took her breath away. She felt weightless with happiness, ecstatic with her incredible luck. 'I love you too.' They whispered it to each other, over and over, until it seemed to fill the room to the bursting, as if to shout it to the world. Look at these two idiots in love. As Lily was finally drifting off, with the first few sun rays lighting the room and with James' arms firmly wrapped around her, she struggled to remember a time when she had ever felt this content. She kissed him tenderly on the forehead before closing her eyes, huddling closer towards his warmth. That night Lily dreamt of the future. Of a mishmash wedding, with Sirius' best man speech filled with puns and embarrassing anecdotes. She dreamt of their future house, filled with light and flowers and (for some reason) dinosaurs. According to her subconscious, her future was filled with laughter and friends and cake, and most of all, him . She hadn't slept so well in years. (Burning bright until the end) The Christmas tree blinded Lily as she switched on the lights one cold evening. Marlene, Alice and her had decorated it two weeks ago and managed to muck up the lights so they were permanently stuck on the brightest level. In the kitchen, Marlene threw up her hand to shield her eyes. 'I cannot wait until we can get rid of that thing,' she mumbled, eyeing the tree with distaste. 'Don't be such a Grinch,' Lily told her, carefully avoiding directly looking at their ugly tree as she crawled out from underneath. None of their decorations had matched, so the tree was covered in clashing colours and odd shapes. 'Merry Christmas Eve!' Marlene shook her head in disgust and cut herself a thick slice of Christmas cake. The doorbell rang and Lily smiled immediately, leaping over to answer it. 'You're like fucking Pavlov's dog,' Marlene told her disapprovingly. 'Suck it, McKinnon.' Lily flung open the door a little breathless. 'Hey.' 'Hi.' James stood in the doorway, hands in his pockets and lopsided smile on his face. He kissed her quickly before entering the flat and quickly shutting his eyes. 'Damn it, that tree gets me every time.' Lily pulled him towards her again, kissing him slower and deeper, trying to memorise the feeling. 'Hi,' she whispered when they broke away. 'You two are disgusting,' called Marlene from the kitchen, 'I cannot believe Alice and I wanted you to get back together so badly.' Lily and James ignored her, making their way to the sofa. Instinctively, Lily tucked her head against his chest and James began to rub slow circles against her arm. In the month since Petunia's wedding, the feeling of contentment had not left Lily. Although Alice had warned her of getting sucked up in the excitement of the honey-moon period, Lily had faith that the happiness at least, was here to stay. Her heart still thumped every time he kissed her and sometimes his smile left her dizzy. There was no lingering anxiety or pressure; this time Lily was all in, even though sometimes still terrified her. Lily knew what it was to live without James and she didn't want to experience it ever again. 'Right,' Marlene mumbled chewing on her final bit of cake. 'I'm meeting Alice and Frank and then we're going to Eddie's party. You two coming?' 'Nah,' said James, 'I think we're going to stay in.' 'Suit yourself.' Marlene shrugged and called over her shoulder, 'Merry Christmas Eve!' 'I knew you had it in you!' Marlene flipped Lily off and slammed the door shut. 'Right. On to Die Hard?' 'I was thinking we could compromise and watch Love Actually tonight and Die Hard tomorrow. I know how grumpy you get if you don't have your Emma Thompson fix before Christmas,' Lily teased. 'Love Actually is a modern classic!' James protested laughing and Lily drank it in, relishing in the feeling of it vibrating against her. 'If you say so,' she conceded. 'Do you want me to put it in?' James offered. 'That's what she said,' Lily snorted, giggling. James shook his head, grinning, 'You are my absolute favourite,' he said sincerely. 'I love you,' she told him. Lily didn't think she would ever get tired of James reaction to her saying that, the way his whole face lit up in response. He kissed her instead of answering, until she was breathless, until she was melting, until she was burning. 'You know,' his voice was low and rough and his glasses were askew, 'we don't have to watch a film.' 'I like your thinking, Mr Darcy.' James groaned, pushing his face into her neck. 'Please don't enforce your literary fetish on me.' 'Too late,' Lily said sunnily. He lifted his face to look at her, their faces centimetres apart. His eyes searched hers. 'What are you thinking?' she asked him, curious. 'About what bra you're wearing.' James chuckled as she knocked his shoulder. 'Rude.' 'What are you actually thinking?' 'Just about how happy I am.' 'You're such a sap .' 'You love it.' 'I do,' she grinned, 'I really, really do.' (Now stop worrying and go get dressed) A/N: Well, it's been a while. Most of my stuff is now on AO3 under the same name if you're at all interested. I changed the location of Cokeworth, mostly because I love the idea of Lily with a Northern accent. The title and lyrics for this come from Good Grief by Bastille. This fic owes a lot to that song as well as dodie's cover of Somebody Else by the 1975 and Please Don't Say You Love Me by Gabrielle Aplin. Any corrections/feedback welcome!