head. "Clumsiness is a menace." She stated and Teddy agreed. He had lost count of how many vases his grandma had to fix back home. She always said that he was just like his mother, and he always felt a little better about being clumsy. Soon enough the mix started to bubble up and turn a light shade of yellow. "Is it suppose to look like this?" Teddy asked and Ellie looked closely to the page. "It seems like it!" She said excitedly and opened a big smile and so did Teddy. He always loved potions, but he always though he would do poorly on this subject, thanks to his clumsiness. Though, to be quite fair Ellie did most of the work. "Time's up!" Professor Slughorn announced just in time to George and Angie to get to their seats, heads down and wet hair. "Okay, I'll call the names. You will come to the front and will give the potions to our little friend here." He pointed to a rabbit full of boils. The poor thing didn't look so happy. "Angeline Brown and George Williams" He called. Angie looked nervously at the Professor. "Sir, my potion-our potion..." "We all make mistakes Miss Brown. Now come on here, we have to test your potion." They walked slowly to the stool where the rabbit stood and let the creature drink from the vial. For a moment nothing happened, no reaction, nothing. Then the poor rabbit started to shift uncontrollably and all of a sudden the potion had mad a reappearance, along with some other things, all over Angeline's robes. She screeched and all the class laughed besides Teddy, Ellie and George. "This can sometimes happen," Slughorn furrowed his eyebrows. "I would suggest for you to go back to the lavatory and clean up again." Slughorn didn't have to tell her twice as she ran out of the classroom. George walked nervously back to his seat and kept his head down. "Angie's going to murder him." Teddy whispered and Ellie nodded. They didn't know Angie that well, but she always seemed so worried about everything and she didn't like to fail. "Melissa O'neil and Alicia Pongs." The two slytherins girls were called and gave the potion to the rabbit. It wasn't yellow, it was a strange shade of purple. The rabbit started to jump up and down uncontrollably, but the boils were still there. The two girls walked sheepishly back to their seats. "Edward Lupin and Eleanor Williams." They shared excited smiles and walked up to the front. They gave the potion to the rabbit whose boils disappeared immediately. Ellie smile widely and this. "Blimey! It's perfect! I've never seen two first years brew their first potion so well! I don't think we need anymore tests. Ten points to Hufflepuff!" He said cheerfully and Eleanor squeaked in excitement. "We did it!" She high fived Teddy, who still had a big smile plastered onto his face. "Thanks to you." He commented to the short girl who smiled even wider. George smiled proudly at his sister. He couldn't help but feel happy for her, even though he failed miserably "You stink" Ellie told Ellie as she, Teddy and George came out from the dungeons classroom just to find Angie in dripping wet robes. "Yeah, I've got rabbit puke all over my robes, because someone added the wrong scales." She shot a glare at George who put his hands in the air in a mock defense. "I'm awfully sorry, Angie." He said honestly and Angie waved her hand. "It's alright I suppose. I'll just go and get changed, though honestly that's probably the last thing I wanted to happening my first class here at Hogwarts." She said. "Who won, by the way." Ellie and Teddy shared a cheeky smile and Angie looked at them both in disbelief. "No way!" "Yes way!" Ellie couldn't contain herself. "Well, that's great. I'll go head to the dormitory and change, so could you please explain to Professor Longbottom why I'm late?" She asked and the three nodded. "Good." And she made her way to the Hufflepuff common room. "I really messed up, haven't I?" George commented on their way to greenhouse one. Ellie shrugged while Teddy responded. "She didn't seem that mad. I mean, obviously she got a little pissed, who wouldn't be if a rabbit puked on your clothes, but overall she seemed cool about it" Teddy reassured. The Herbology class went by smoothly. George, to everyone's surprised, earned Hufflepuff five points, and Angie didn't turn up so late after all. She made sure though to bathe herself in her cologne. It had a rosy scent, but not overly rosy. Teddy like that smell. A few classes went by and soon enough it was time for lunch, much to Teddy's relieve. The group sat on their usual seats on the hufflepuff table: Angie and Teddy sitting together across from George and Ellie. "Don't you ever get hungry?" Teddy looked incredulously at Angie's plate that had a few strands of salad and a itty-bitty piece of roasted beef. She shrugged. "I don't really eat a lot. I have a small appetite I suppose, or a slow metabolism, I dunno. Then again, you eat like a dog!" She pointed out to Teddy's plate that was filled with all sorts of food. The boy rolled his eyes at her mockingly. "Shut it!" He said, laughing. The rest of the day went by just fine, and when it was time they were escorted to the Hufflepuff common room, but didn't sleep immediately. They were the only ones left and stood awake until a little over midnight, just talking away. Teddy couldn't be happier to have found great friend to go through his Hogwarts journey with him. He was sure that they would stick around together as a group. A/N::: So that's the first chapter of this fic! Hope you liked it! Reviews are always lovely so don't be shy! Lots of love. Agatha