heard the founders chasing after him and quickened his pace. "Wait!" Rowena called. "Stop and answer me!" "Let him go, Rowena," said Helga. "We can't let him go," Salazar snarled. "Where is my horse?" Godric yelled. Teddy refused to look back, this time determined not to lose sight of the goblin. He saw him dive into a hole at the base of a tree and followed without any hesitation. Although he knew what to expect the familiar falling sensation was not something he enjoyed. This time, however, the journey seemed shorter and Teddy was grateful to have his feet on solid ground once more. He looked around and found that he was standing on the side of a cliff, a large square building situated high above. "You again," said the goblin. "Stop following me." "Then give me back my map!" "No, it's mine." "No it's not, it was created by my father and it's mine!" The goblin surveyed him for a moment. He heaved a big sigh and thrust the map into Teddy's hands. "Fine, take it! I don't need it anyway." "Thank you," said Teddy. Immediately the goblin started up the stony pathway towards the gigantic stronghold. Teddy followed not wanting to be left alone. "Excuse me," he began. The goblin ignored him. "Hey! Goblin! How do I get home from here?" "Shut up," he snapped. "No, I won't shut up! Either take me home or tell me how to get there Goblin." "First of all," said the goblin turning on him. "My name is Frunick, not Goblin. Second of all, I am too busy to care what a snivelling brat wants. So I say again. Shut up." Frunick began to walk again and Teddy continued to follow. They were nearing the entrance now as it had come into sight. However, Frunick suddenly stopped causing Teddy to walk straight into him. After giving Teddy a dirty look Frunick tapped a brick at the base of the wall with his finger. The stones began to shake and twist, finally revealing a large, lighted passage. Without missing a beat Frunick started down the passage and Teddy hurried after him. "Where are we?" asked Teddy. "Nurmengard," Frunick grunted. "What! Grindelwald's prison?" "Yep." "What're we doing here?" "Don't ask questions." They continued to walk in silence for quite a while. Finally, they came to some stone steps and made their way upwards. After climbing what seemed like ten thousand stairs they found themselves standing outside of a heavy-looking wooden door. Frunick pulled it open and walked inside leaving Teddy to follow. He didn't really want to but he also didn't want to be left alone. Teddy walked through the open door to find himself in a small cell. There was a small bed but that was it for furniture in the room. Frunick was talking earnestly with the inhabitant of the cell who was staring intently at Teddy. He knew who this man was immediately even though they had never been introduced. He was Gellert Grindelwald and he was dead. "Well, well, well," said Grindelwald. "What do we have here? It seems you've brought me a visitor." "He's nothing," said Frunick. "Just a stupid little stowaway. Now let's get back to business." "Hold on a minute. Boy, what's your name? And what do you have there in your hand?" Teddy began to back away, fear building up within him. He turned and ran for it, ignoring Frunick's yells. Suddenly the stairs beneath him seemed to flatten out and turn into some sort of slide. Teddy screamed as he flew downwards and that familiar light flared up again. He fell forwards hard and found himself surrounded by rubble, the map clenched in his hand. He looked down at the map and realised that it was suddenly filled with little dots. He looked up and saw some sort of battle raging around him. Jets of light were flying everywhere, bouncing against the walls and rebounding on the ceiling. Teddy moved into the empty passage he had landed beside and looked properly at the map. That was when he saw his own name and came to the realisation. I'm in Hogwarts. Loud bangs and screams could be heard all around him and Teddy was unsure as what to do. He saw his godfather's name on the parchment and was instantly comforted. He began to search for other familiar names when he saw them. There they were, plain as day, only a single corridor apart from one another. It was his mum and dad, Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks. Without a second thought, Teddy erupted from his hiding place. Finally, he was going to see them to meet them. It was something he had wanted his entire life and he was not going to waste the opportunity. Then the thought dawned on him. This was the day both of his parents had been killed. Now he had the chance to stop it. Teddy weaved in-between the fighters, dodging the spells flying overhead. He heard a few exclamations of surprise at his appearance as he ran past but Teddy didn't have time to care. It was then that he heard a horrible scream. He looked down at the map and saw that his father's dot had seemingly disappeared. However, he didn't stop and, finally, his mother was within his sights. He saw her clutching onto the lifeless body of his father and Teddy felt his heart stop. Tears were streaming down her face and she seemed to have abandoned her wand which lay at her feet. A hooded man raised his wand, pointing it at his mother. "MUM!" Teddy screamed and began to run towards her. Nymphadora Tonks looked up in surprise. Her eyes met Teddy's and just as her lips formed his name he found himself blasted backwards. And everything turned black. Suddenly Teddy sat up, covered in sweat. He looked around. He was still in his room and nothing had changed. "It was just a dream."