interrupted them. Juliet rushed into the kitchen and stopped next to Elsie, leaning on her shoulder with half of her weight. "Listen. Look. I wanna go home with Sirius." Elsie sighed and looked at Remus, who grinned. "Let me guess, you're Juliet." She turned her head towards him. "I hope she didn't say anything good about me," she winked, and looked back at her friend. "Will you be alright?" "Yeah, but are you sure you should go? You're drunk." "Tipsy," she corrected in a sulky voice. "And I'm sure. You, pretty boy – what's your name?" Juliet added, now turning to Remus. "Remus," he smiled. "Remus. Will you please escort my friend home later?" She asked, and without waiting for his answer, she continued, "Thank you." She pressed a kiss on Elsie's cheek before she left them in the kitchen. "She's allowed to hook up with vampires but you can't even go home alone?" Remus chuckled. Elsie shook her head and sighed, slightly embarrassed, and she was sure she blushed. "I'm pretty sure she only said that because… because she really wants to find a boyfriend for me." Remus tried his best to keep himself together. "And does she think I'd be a good one for you?" She shrugged. "She knows I've never had a boyfriend before. She's just really desperate to find me someone." Remus's nails were digging into his palms, but he kept smiling. "How's that you've never had anyone? Even after Hogwarts? I mean, you seem an amazing girl to me." Elsie bit her lower lip and a light pink colour appeared on her cheeks again. "I don't want to start dating someone just so I can tell that I have a boyfriend, you know. I want it to be… special. I couldn't be with just anyone. And…" she stopped there and shook her head with a shy giggle, "Nevermind, it's stupid." "No, tell me!" He chuckled, unable to hide his curiosity. After a deep breath and a sigh, she took another sip from her glass. "I don't even know how I should say it," she started in a low voice. "I had some dates with different boys, but I always gave up after one date. Because I just think it should be something more, something… special from the first moments. That probably sounds stupid," she laughed again, but Remus was silent. "Sometimes I just feel there's an exact feeling that I'm looking for, I just couldn't find it. Which is stupid, again, because I've definitely never been in love." Fear and sadness filled Remus' heart. She remembered. Not everything, not even a single thing – but there are bits and pieces from her feelings. "I'm pretty sure you think I'm an idiot," she said after Remus didn't reply, still in deep silence. She grabbed her glass and emptied it. "I blame the firewhiskey. Usually I'm not so weird, I promise." "Aren't you?" Remus smiled kindly, his voice weak. "Well, maybe I am. But let's just blame the firewishkey." The next few hours passed with talking and drinking. Elsie couldn't really tell why she was so open with this boy – usually, it took her months to open up to someone like this, but there was something in Remus that made her feel safe. It was almost three in the morning when drowsiness started to overwhelm Elsie – her blinks were long and her eyelids heavy, and her head almost fell off a couple times. Remus chuckled, seeing her sleepy face. "Maybe you should go home and get some sleep." She nodded slowly. "But you have to walk me home, remember?" "I wouldn't let you to go alone," he said, slipping off of his chair and helping the girl up too; she needed to wrap a hand around him to stay on her legs. Sitting in one place for hours, they didn't realized how drunk they were. "Okay, uh… I'll just say goodbye to James…" Remus started, looking around in the living room, but it was already empty except for Peter, who was dozing off on a couch, and another boy Elsie couldn't recognize sleeping on the floor. "I think they are just warming up their new bedroom," she giggled. "Please let's pretend I haven't said anything and just goooo home." They walked on the streets, talking in incoherent sentences mixed with a lot of giggles; their arms around each other as a support to keep themselves standing. They needed to stop several times to pee, to laugh, and once, when Elsie put on her sweater. Her flat was close to Lily's, but it still took them half an hour to get there. "Do you live far away?" "I'd answer that, but I have no idea where am I," Remus said, his head on her shoulder, hands on her waist. She laughed and he pulled back, but suddenly he froze, his smile vanished. "Where did you get that sweater?" Elsie growled and tried to remember back. "It's uh, my brother's. I guess. Why?" Remus' heart leapt again. The firewhiskey made him forget about everything bad for a few hours, but now, nearly out of and due to nothing, everything suddenly came back again. His hands fell off of her and he took a small step back. "Are you alright?" She asked with a concerned face. He could only nod. "I should go home." "You can stay here if you want. You aren't in the state to be wandering around," Elsie suggested with a giggle, not really realizing that something seriously bothered Remus. "No. I really… need to go." A disappointed sigh left her mouth. "Okay, then. But be careful," she murmured and tiptoed to press a kiss on his cheek. Remus closed his eyes and tried not melt too much in her touch, but feeling her soft lips against his skin made him weak. "Good night, Elsie," he said, turning around so quickly that by the time she realized it, he had already disappeared in the dark.