office. It was only 10:55. He certainly wasn't late. Branford was speaking and leading him into the office with a grand sweeping gesture. "Come in, Mr. Potter. We've had a slight change of schedule." There was no one else in the room, but Harry did notice a fireplace in the corner to his left and the hand-sized bucket of floo powder was still swinging slightly. "Sit, sit! Can I offer you some water?" Harry sat, but politely declined the water. "A change of schedule, you said?" He was trying his best to be professional, but the weird feeling in his gut was back along with a healthy dose of Bureaucrat-induced intimidation. Harry still wasn't quite used to working with politicians and bureaucrats, preferring the more familial style of the Auror Department. "Yes, just a slight one," Branford explained casually, magically refilling a water bottle that was already on his desk. "We were going to have a preliminary meeting today before showing you around and getting you settled in, but my Deputy Secretary had a family emergency and needed to reschedule. We'll all meet tomorrow morning, if that's alright with you — before the meetings and presentations with the D.O.D. of course." "Oh, alright," Harry responded, reminding himself that the DOD stood for Department of Defense — the US equivalent to his own department. "That's not a problem." The man stood up again, despite just having sat down. "So I figured I would take the day off and give you a tour of the city if you're up for it," he suggested, cocking an eyebrow at Harry. Harry was still tired, but not nearly as tired as he'd been earlier that morning, and he'd never been to Washington, DC before. "Sure! Why not?" As they were setting out to leave the building through a back exit, Harry once again felt shock and a bit of discomfort at their conspicuousness. If American wizards were so out in the open, they would have to significantly change elements of his training program. Or at least, that was how he justified commenting. "You Americans don't care much for International Statute of Secrecy, do you?" he asked, chuckling nervously when he was met with confused silence and trying to explain. "In London, our Ministry is entirely underground, and" "Ah! No," Secretary Branford apparently caught on and quickly interrupted "The citizens of DC are extremely used to government buildings and classified information, so there's really no need to hide in that manner. Of course, we do have precautions. Do you remember walking through a set of metal detectors on your way in? Yes? Well they also detect the presence of magical blood and security clearance levels. If you don't have access, you don't see it. Literally." Harry must have looked a bit confused, since Branford continued: "Ok an example: you are a wizard, which means when you walked in, you could see our interoffice memos flying around. If you were a Muggle — specifically a Muggle who doesn't have a certain security clearance — the metal detectors would recognize you as such and charm your eyes. Those memos would have been invisible. And if you'd seen someone carrying a wand, it might have appeared to you as a rather large pen instead." Harry nodded, trying to mask just how impressed he was. Muggle technology doing magical work in a government agency was something Britain had barely even attempted. Of course, Great Britain's Ministry of Magic wasn't nearly as closely associated with their Muggle Counterparts as the governments seemingly were in the States. Still though, it would be interesting to attempt in places like St. Mungos. For the next few hours, Secretary Branford showed Harry all around Washington DC, pointing out buildings where they'd have meetings, taking him to famous tourist sites — both magical and muggle — and listing off additional places or activities Harry "really should do before heading back across the pond." Branford even offered to have Harry to his home for dinner, but Harry declined. It was a bit much for one day and he was feeling jet lagged again. He took a rain check, intending to go back to his hotel, eat something ordered from room service, call home via cell phone or magic mirror (whichever Ginny saw first) and go to sleep. The first part of his plan went swimmingly. He got back to the hotel with no fuss at all but, upon his arrival, was informed that the kitchens had been closed. Suppressing thoughts that were positively anti-elfish rights, he asked where a nearby carryout place might be and begrudgingly apparated to a safe space near the location. The little restaurant was a muggle-owned business, but Harry guessed that a lot of witches and wizards frequented the place as well. It seemed a large portion of this suburban area was magical and he wondered if there were many more mixed neighborhoods in the area. As he walked inside, the smell of Americanized Chinese food immediately filled his nostrils and his stomach began to grumble hungrily. He was silently debating which items he wanted to bring back to the hotel when a bell chimed behind him, indicating that someone had entered. At that same moment, for some inexplicable reason, the memory of a swinging pail of floo powder came to mind and he turned instinctively to see who had entered. What he saw nearly made his knees buckle. His stomach dropped to the floor and it was as if the wind had been knocked out of him. "Hermione," he finally gasped, as though his voice was trapped somewhere deep down. "You're — I —" he couldn't quite find the words. He hadn't seen this woman in 10 years. He had given up on ever seeing her again. His best friend. "We thought you were dead." A/N: So? What do you think? Let me know! (p.s. I don't have a beta so please excuse any typos/etc. that made it through my own editing.)