busy week at the hospital – she looked between Tonks, James and Sirius, "I think it's time for one of your stories," she said. All three grinned, loving to share their most outrageous stories from their Auror work, and all three being loud, outgoing and sharing a flair for story telling. Sirius and Tonks fought their way through a story about a particularly amusing call out from a few days ago, and James' attention soon wandered, instead looking down at his wife and letting his hand trail around her waist, up her side, across her back, up and down her arm, leaving heat everywhere he touched. Maia looked up at him and found him looking back at her with such an unguarded love in his eyes that she couldn't look away. He'd had a few drinks – not enough to be drunk, but enough to be completely open and honest, unguarded, and he was always more affectionate and loving when he'd had a drink. Sirius and Tonks soon realised the couple weren't listening, and directed the majority of their story at Remus, fighting for his attention and making him chuckle. Maia saw her husband's eyes flick from her eyes down to her lips and back, and she smirked slightly – he was never able to contain himself once he'd had a drink, and as the only stone cold sober person of the pair, it fell to her to control the situation. She tore her eyes away from him and pulled her cloak around her shoulders a little tighter, before picking up her mug and standing up. Tonks and Sirius were arguing over a minor detail in their story and Remus was stuck in the middle, so when Maia mumbled that she was going to make a cup of tea, they barely batted an eyelid. Unsurprisingly, James stood up too and followed her into the kitchen. He closed the door behind them and immediately wrapped an arm around her waist from behind, using his free hand to brush her hair away from her neck. " James ," Maia laughed, squirming slightly against him as she felt his breath on her neck, "behave yourself, Mr." She managed to turn her wand to the kettle to put it on to boil, but got no further because her husband suddenly turned her around in his arms, "I don't like behaving," he said, "Not around you. Besides, it's too difficult." She rolled her eyes at him, "I think the alcohol has gone to your head." He pouted, hands taking hold of her hips and pulling her close to him, "I'm not drunk. You're just really pretty and I want to kiss you." Maia smirked, pushing herself up on her tiptoes, "I think that can be arranged," she mumbled, getting so close that her lips brushed his with every word. Just before she was about to kiss him soundly, a loud crash came from somewhere above them. Frowning, Maia immediately drew back, her instincts kicking in, worried that something might harm one of her children. James' expression was suddenly equally alert as he stepped back from her and raised his eyebrows, "Did you hear-?" He trailed off as a series of loud bangs sounded above them, and drew his wand from his robes. Maia briefly thought that the expression of steely determination and caution must be the face he routinely wore in his job as Head Auror. "Everything alright, kids?" Maia called from the bottom of the staircase, as she'd followed James into the hallway and drawn her own wand. From a few floors above, Maia faintly heard Harry's voice, "Erm … yeah … everything's fine," he shouted, though she couldn't help but think he didn't sound convinced. She glanced at James and saw him looking equally unconvinced, and they started up the staircase. More bangs and crashes emitted from Harry's room as they hurried up the staircase, and the first thing they came across was Lyra, standing in Harry's doorway, a look of alarm on her face. "What's going on up here?" James demanded immediately. Lyra looked relieved to see her parents and backed away from Harry's door, replying, "Daddy there's a … a thing in there." Maia could hear some noise from Harry's room - a high pitched squeak and then shushing noises. "Go back to your room sweetie," she ordered her daughter, who obeyed without question, though she lingered in her own doorway curiously. "Harry?" James frowned, moving closer to Harry's room, "everything ok in there, son?" Maia reached her son's doorway a split second after James did, and she almost walked into him, as he'd suddenly stopped still, lowering his wand slightly. Looking over his shoulder, Maia stared in shock and confusion. Harry was standing in the middle of the room, looking confused and alarmed, staring at his parents with wide eyes and unable to explain the situation. At his side, Neville was staring at what Lyra had described as the "thing." The "thing" was small and thin, dressed in dirty rags and clutching Harry's desk lamp, looking very miserable indeed as it stared at their wands. Maia blinked, just to make sure she wasn't seeing things, and although it seemed that neither of her children, nor her godson, were in danger, the presence of this creature in their home brought up dozens of new questions. "Erm … right," James said, shaking his head as if to make sure he wasn't seeing things too. Maia cleared her throat, tearing her eyes from the newcomer and looking at her son, "Harry, why on earth is there a house-elf in your bedroom?" Note: Thanks to all returning readers, and new ones too. I'm still trying to get back into my writing style and the characters, but hopefully this was ok! I'm happy to take any suggestions. Also - I am running a poll on my profile to take suggestions on the gender of James and Maia's next baby, if anyone would like to vote!