came over him. It was a problem he'd had for as long as he could remember. You reckless lunatic , Lily had once chastised him jokingly. One day you're going to really hurt yourself, you know. You have absolutely no self-control. As her voice echoed in his head, Sirius felt himself moving towards Kreacher's door and flinging it open. He stretched out a hand to retrieve the antique birdcage, and held it up to the flickering light of the pantry's solitary candle. There was a small mark on the base of the cage that at first glance might have been nothing more than a dent. But as Sirius ran his thumb across it, years of dust and grime were wiped away to reveal an engraving: AVIS SCELERO Sirius held the cage at eye level, a foolhardy glint in his eye. Then, having made up his mind, he stuffed it into the pocket of his robes and left the pantry. No one noticed as he made a silent escape from the boisterous festivities of the kitchen and headed upstairs to his mother's room. Buckbeak greeted him with a bored squawk as he entered and quickly shut the door. Sirius placed the birdcage on a table near the bed and pulled up a chair so that he was sitting directly in front of it. He hesitated for a split second as the feeble voice of reason inside him issued a command to return to the party. Then, relegating the voice to the furthest corner of his mind, he unlatched the delicate door of the birdcage and opened it wide. A blue glow emitted from the center of the cage. It grew brighter and sharper, like an old Muggle photograph coming into focus in its frame. Sirius sat back, watching as the shifting, formless light began to take on a shape. And then it was there. Perched on the bars of the cage sat a glimmering, transparent bird. It was ghostly and ethereal in the darkness of the bedroom, and as Sirius watched, it shook its tiny head as though clearing its thoughts, and stepped elegantly onto the table. The strange creature opened its wings and took flight around the room, swooping in graceful arcs before coming to rest on top of its cage. It peered at Sirius through black eyes, and then spoke. "How long has it been, old friend?" The voice was deep, full-throated, and smooth. It sounded too perfect to exist, too seductive and enticing to be real. And although it filled the room with crystal clarity, the Bird's beak did not open. It seemed to be transmitting its words through some other mysterious means. Sirius raised an eyebrow at the Bird. "I don't know that friend would be my first choice." "What else would you call me, Sirius Black?" the Bird asked silkily. "What other words exist for one who knows the deepest secrets of your mind?" "A clever charm. A magic trick." "Yes. But magic of this sort requires a willing participant. How touched I am, that you have remembered me after all this time." Sirius glanced at the bedroom door. "We will not be disturbed," the Bird said. "No one has noticed that you are gone." "And how do you know that?" "I know them as you know them, for I know what you know." "Right," said Sirius tersely. "Now you mention it, I am starting to remember you quite well. Always full of insight, weren't you?" The Bird spread its wings once more and glided closer to Sirius, landing on the post at the foot of the bed. "Insight, yes. It's not something which holds a particular value for you, is it, Sirius?" Sirius frowned. Now it came to it, he wasn't sure he'd made the best decision in removing the cage from Kreacher's lair. He knew what the Bird was doing, where this conversation was heading. He'd known it from the moment he saw the cage sitting unmarred in the midst of that old cabinet's wreckage. So why wasn't he leaving? Why wasn't he slamming the little iron door shut? "Because you desire the truth," the Bird murmured as if responding to his thoughts. "And you know that I will happily oblige." "Go right ahead, then. Tell me the truth, as if I don't know it already." The Bird cocked its head in an expression eerily akin to concern. "So much anger," it said contemplatively. "You tell yourself that it is justified, that it is directed at those who have wronged you. But you lie to yourself, old friend. All the anger in the world is simply that which you deserve." The words were like a searing, satisfying pain. He hated them, and yet he yearned for more. "How can you live, Sirius? With all the pain and ruin that you have brought to this world. How can you live?" With a fluttering of its tiny, ghostly wings, the Bird alighted upon Sirius's shoulder. "I ask these questions not to torment you, but to help you see the truth. I will guide you, if you will allow it. Do you believe me?" How could he not? Pain, ruin… it was the truth. "Yes," Sirius replied, his voice a whisper. "Magnificent," said the Bird. It took off from his shoulder and flew through the air, leaving spectral paths of light in its wake. Sirius watched, hating himself, hating the Bird, but utterly entranced in every way. Suddenly, a knock on the door tore him from his reverie. "Sirius?" called Remus's voice. "Are you in there?" Something snapped. It was as if he'd been woken from a trance. Without another glance at the Bird now floating above his head, Sirius lunged forward and slammed shut the door of the birdcage. The Bird and all its spectral trails vanished immediately. "Yes," Sirius called back, slightly breathless. "I'm coming." With a fleeting look over his shoulder at the now-silent cage, Sirius left the room as quickly as he could.