heightened as Ginny wrapped her lips around the crest of his member. The harder he dug his blade into her, the more eagerly she absorbed him. Her tongue twisted and twirled, stroked and fondled him as he thrusted and carved. As Ginny's pain escalated, so did her need to engulf him wholly, so soon his entire, enormous length was within her, a feat that no one had ever before achieved. Draco reveled in the heated moisture of her mouth as he finished his etching. Then he gripped her fresh wounds tightly as he propelled himself into her harder and harder, deeper and deeper, and faster and faster. Tears began to escape Ginny's eyes from the immense magnitude of her pain and pleasure, as she bobbed to his motion, desperate to please him. He crushed her incisions brutally as he finally exploded straight down her throat, inciting a whimper of gratification from her as he pulled himself out. As Ginny took a moment to catch her breath, Draco returned to his knees, wincing as his weight shifted to rest on the remnants of the door. His hand was coated in blood, which he proceeded to lick off his fingers with his eyes locked on Ginny's. Draco was absorbing her . He was making her essence a part of him . Her lips parted unconsciously, watching his fingers enviously and licking her lips. Once his fingers were clean of blood, and she found herself absolutely dripping with anticipation, Draco picked up his dagger once more. He cringed as he pricked his finger, conjuring a small bead of blood, before he rested his dagger-wielding hand on her shoulder. Draco shifted his weight, sharpening Ginny's senses as the glass cut into her once more, and held his finger above her lips. She took a moment to relish in her pain before reaching for his offered finger, licking his cut delicately and then inhaling his finger, urging his essence into her system and violently wanting to be one with him. She didn't understand where this urgent need had come from, nor the one for her pain to continue, but she knew she desired it too much to ignore. Apparently Draco did too, because the more she pulled on his finger with her tongue, the more she saw him stiffen anew. He took away his finger at last, repositioning himself over her so their bodies finally aligned. Without entering her, he began pumping his hips over hers, torturing her through abstinence, making her work to get even an ounce of pleasure when it was so close. Ginny thrashed on the sharpened fragments beneath her, frantic to make them connect. "Merlin, Malfoy," she griped longingly, "just fuck me already." She dropped her head to the ground hopelessly, giving into the anguish that filled her. While she closed her eyes, he positioned himself carefully, before piercing her tight entrance. Ginny choked out a whimper as her eyes snapped open in shock, pain, and pleasure. Draco had to rock in and out several more times to stretch her fresh opening far enough to please him. Once he was deep enough, he began thrusting harder, renewing their carnal passion. As his hand braced on her still open wounds, their blood mixed, and Ginny was filled with a burst of powerful energy. She felt their spirits intertwine and become one, as she cried out for more. Her eyelids fluttered closed as she lost herself in the pleasured pain, unable to form coherent thoughts or even words past more, harder, and Draco, all of which she screamed to her lover in an intense appeal to climax. He pounded harder and faster against her sodden pussy in pursuit of her orgasm, while her feet traced his legs and her toes curled frantically. He fought off his peak as hard as he could while watching drops of blood form on her bottom lip from her bite's fierce clamp. As her wails finally changed to yes and Draco, and her walls shuddered around his length, he finally allowed her tremors to siphon his own release and let out a grunt of blissful relief. When Ginny's breathing finally settled to an even pace, he lifted her from the ground in a surge of gallantry she found startling, and carried her to clean floor. Draco set her on her feet before casting tergeo over her body and cleaning the glass off of her. Ginny moved to begin dressing, but he stopped her before she moved very far, saying, "Let me heal you." He had a warm vulnerability in his eyes that reminded her of their meetings in the Room of Requirement so long ago, and renewed her resolve that Draco was a warm, kind, and good man, who had simply never known a compassionate love. Ginny knew she had to show him what love was meant to be, and in that moment she decided to make it her purpose. He had seen her darkness and embraced it, so now it was her duty to expose him to the brightness within himself. She nodded in agreement and felt a comforting reprieve as her skin knit itself together over the many cuts on her back. When she was whole again, Draco waved his wand once more while kissing her shoulder tenderly, and she felt a rejuvenation as the blood replenishing spell took effect. Ginny looked down at her left arm to see ruins carved where Draco's dark mark branded him. She had to stare at the slanted X and odd F for a moment to recall her fourth year Runes class: partnership and possession. He had branded her as his own. The thought of it made her heart flutter with excitement, and she looked up to see a firm determination in his face. He had made a resolute decision about something, which he voiced after a second, sending a warm, jubilant blush over her entire body. "Ginevra Weasley, I've claimed and marked you as my own. You're mine now."