instinct was right. Soon enough there was no one left but the Malfoys. "Alright, Dobby," Harry said to the beaten elf softly. "If you can do it without having to punish yourself, could you please repair the Shrieking Shack? I want to hide there as soon as possible, but don't neglect your master to do it. I don't want to see you with ironed hands again, alright?" "Potter boy is truly kind," Dobby replied, reminding Harry out how Dobby used to act around him. "Anything else, Potter boy?" "Call me, Harry," he suggested on an impulse. "And why do you respond to me saying your name? Don't you belong to someone else?" "Dobby hears Harry Potter call so Dobby must answer, Harry Potter," Dobby spoke before disappearing with a pop. Harry nostalgically smiled. Same old, Dobby. "What was that?" Snapping his head up and looking at the door where Jennifer stood looking thoughtful, Harry gaped in shock that the whole thing must have been heard. "Jennifer, please. Let me explain!" he begged hurriedly but slowed when she sat on the bed in a cross-legged and expectant manner. Blast. I have to tell her the truth now. Not like she would be believed anyway. "There's a reason my relatives called me a freak," Harry started slowly, not wanting to scare her off with the more outlandish parts first. "There is another society within the one you know. One that defies the laws of physics. Every piece of fantasy fiction you've probably read would have a grain of truth to it." "You're telling me there's a magical community hidden within England?" she guessed in bewilderment, eyes going wide when he nodded. "Teleportation, broomsticks, potions…dragons?" she finished with an undertone of worry, making him chuckle. "There are reserves for dragons. Everyone would know about us if there weren't. Imagine the chaos they'd cause if they were loose?" he clarified rhetorically, hiding a smile at her sigh of relief. Moving onto more serious matters Harry scooted the wheeled chair towards the bed. "And I'd really appreciate it if you told no one. It's against the law to tell non-magical people about our world if they're not relatives. The Statute of Secrecy is what has kept us safe from those like puritans all these years." "Can you show me something?" The request made Harry caught him off guard. He wasn't prepared nor had the means to show. Diagon Alley was a world of wonder when Hagrid took me there. But can she keep a secret? Bracing himself, he took a breath and slowly blinked. "I can't perform magic with my wand outside of school until I'm seventeen. The Ministry will snap it if I do." "Oh…Can you do anything without it?" "Not yet, I'm working on self-transformation but I can't do it completely yet," he apologised, guilt-ridden for having nothing to show for it. Biting his lip when two things came to mind, he threw caution to the wind. "Do you swear to not share anything magic related to anybody?" Jennifer rolled her eyes. "You sure do take this seriously, don't you? And, Harry, who would believe me anyway?" "Alright, alright. My world has been tipped on its head in the last twenty-four hours. Give me a break," he retorted, tipping his head back for a minute. The muggle teen rocked on the bed and laughed. "Someone would think you've been plucked out of your world and shoved into another with the way you're acting," Jennifer suggested offhandedly, rolling on the bed in giggles. Harry grew still at the offhanded remark and paled. "What?" It would make so much sense, but the idea was frightening. Shocking. No number of Voldemort encounters could have prepared him for the idea of it. It wasn't the 'fight for your life' kind of thing he was so used to but something completely different. Is she right? Is she wrong? I don't know what to think anymore! Sitting upright, Jennifer got her laughter under control as she witnessed the colour leave his face. "I was joking, Harry. You know…Everything different to the way you know it?" she commented before shrugging. "What about shops? Can you show me a shopping district?" "Never ever joke about that, Jennifer," he firmly told her. "Yes there's magic, but somethings are taking it too far. Threatening to turn someone into a…ferret is fine, though." A hint of a wistful smile crept onto his face before shaking his head and focussing on the conversation at hand. Jennifer had the decency to look apologetic but started to smirk. "Did you see someone turned into a ferret?" she asked, making him crack a smile, prompting her to fall into a bout of uncontrolled laughter. "Who?" Leaning back and picturing it, he regaled the entire thing to the muggle. "- so, of course, the first thing coming out of his mouth after McGonagal reversed the spell was-." Clearing his throat he did his best Malfoy impression. "My father will hear about this!" he mimicked, having fun recounting the whole thing. Jennifer was in peals of laughter by this point, and the wizard chuckled at the sight, gladly escaping the crazy world waiting for him outside Jennifer's front door. Watching the girl regain control, Harry realised how exhausted he was and made it over to the bed. "Oh boy," the muggle chuckled, getting off the bed. "If I didn't know he was such a pompous git, I'd feel sorry for Draco Malfoy. More stories tomorrow, yeah?" Jennifer asked as she stood in the doorway. Harry nodded eagerly, feeling a wave of relief that tomorrow would have an element of normal. Even if it was just a muggle girl. "Oh yeah, definitely. Thanks for everything, Jennifer." "No problem. And it's Jen," she dismissed as though it was nothing. "God, I don't think I'll be sleeping tonight. Or should I be saying 'Merlin'? Good night, Harry," Jennifer remarked good-naturedly, closing the door behind her. "'Night Jen," he replied before succumbing to fatigue.