pulls my shaking body against his strong one, and strokes my hair while I sob into his shoulder. My victim is soothing me. I should stop him, and tell him to go away and protect his dignity; I can't bear to leave the stronghold that's keeping me together. After a minute, he kisses the top of my head before whispering in my ear, "You don't remember all of it, do you?" I sniffle myself to a forced state of calm before I pull away from him and shake my head. He sits down and waits for me to join him. I could run; maybe I should, but I'm really tired of being a coward. So I sit. Fear radiates through me, until he takes my hand and threads his fingers through mine. I really don't deserve his love or kindness still, but I need it. "Well, we started our night differently than usual. There were a few lessons we had learned from introducing ourselves to Moony, and we wanted to make it as easy and smooth as possible for you. So, you and Moony left the shack on your own, with the three of us out of sight, and the two little ones were the first to approach you. You didn't lose control or anything, so Pads stayed quiet and I walked over." He's talking like he's just telling a story about a weird day of classes or something- like it's just an average memory. I know what's coming though. Merlin, I really don't want to hear this. "Godric, Lily. You were so beautiful," I quit looking down and meet his eyes in shock. He just called me, werewolf me, beautiful? James has his giant goofy grin on- the one I first saw when I finally agreed to a date- and his eyes are shining, so I seem to have heard him right. "You're this fierce red-blonde wolf, so you keep a bit of your hair color. And you still have your eyes. I've never seen a wolf anywhere near as gorgeous." He's mooning over my wolf. What? Every cell in my brain just stops. He's mooning over my wolf? I know this is James the Incorrigible I'm talking about, but my wolf attacked him! He must be mad. The dreamy twinkle in his eyes fades as he starts analyzing what went wrong. "We should have known you might bite me. Honestly, I was too afraid to hope for it, because it's all I've ever wanted. It really shouldn't have mattered, but Pete freaked. I mean, he freaked last time too, but then he was already terrified of Moony so when he bit Pads, Pete just froze." "Wait. What? " I interrupt him. James clearly has some long explanation planned, but I'm so confused right now. Honestly, I stopped listening after he said it was all he's ever wanted. "You wanted me to bite you?" "Well, not exactly, but yeah," he takes a deep breath to start another explanation. "Apparently, when a werewolf sees its mate, it feels the need to claim its territory with a bite on their arm. Or at least you and Moony do," I raise my eyebrow in question and wait for him to answer. "The first time Moony met the three of us, he bit Pads in just about the same spot. Pete freaked then too, but since he was already so scared, he just froze. Now though, we've gotten used to a werewolf and he knows how to get Moony's attention. So when you attacked and he freaked, he responded like you were Moony, instead of a wolf on her first moon who didn't know us. He shouldn't have done anything. It was a stupid move for Pete, and it's really what got me hurt. You were just giving me a love bite." James concludes everything with a smirk, as though it's adorable that I bit him and now I should think so too and everything should make sense, so I ask him the obvious question, "What did Peter do?" "He bit your paw. With Moony, it works to make him take notice and usually shocks him back into his own mind, more or less. But with a new wolf, you were hurting and just trying to make the pain stop. You didn't realize I was there or that you were hurting me. As soon as you were free of Pete, you stopped. You tried to make sure I was okay, and when I wasn't and Moony wanted you to leave me, you stood up to him to try to protect me." He ends his story there, and lets me process everything. Does all of that mean I'm not a monster? I was claiming James, trying to make my own pain stop, and trying to protect him. I'm definitely an animal, there's no arguing that, but Moony bit Padfoot too. So, I'm at least no more of a monster than he is. And he's not a monster. I've told him that for years. Logically, I'm not a monster. I still feel a bit like a monster, even though I'm apparently not, but relief is flooding through my veins at the conclusion. I can live with being an animal. Hell, with the marauders at my side, it could even be fun. I look up at James again, and for the first time in a month and a half, I smile a real and hopeful grin at him. I'm not a monster, just a beast protecting herself and her mate. Just then, it hits me: Prongs is my wolf's mate. That makes James my soulmate. The arrogant toerag who tortured me for years is my soulmate? I inspect his face, already turned bright and gleeful again, and my grin erupts into a full smile. He may have been an arrogant toerag before, but the kind, hopeful, brave, and fiercely loyal man in front of me happens to be my toerag now. James Potter is my soulmate.