have gotten to know you. I knew James and Lily as well as anyone and you are without a doubt, everything they would have wanted in a son." Harry stared at the ground. "If there is anything you need, I will always be there for you, whether I am here at Hogwarts or elsewhere. I should have been there long ago, for that I am sorry." "I don't want you to leave." Harry muttered this to the floor. Remus smiled, for real this time. "Hedwig will know where to find me." And he hugged Harry, ruffled his hands through that stupidly untidy hair of his, and ushered the boy out of his office. Twenty minutes later, without another goodbye, he flew from the grounds, destination uncertain. And Hedwig did know how to find him. Remus sighed as the great snowy owl tapped her beak insistently on one of the windows of the small cottage. He hurried to let the bird in, it wouldn't do to let his Muggle neighbors catch sight of her, even if there was a field between the two houses. Their youngest daughter was perpetually ending up at the creek that ran near the cottage and she'd surely notice the bird. Remus had been in Iceland for almost two months. Luckily, Dumbledore had set him up with a larger-than average final paycheck. This meant that if he was frugal (and he didn't know how to be any other way) the little leaky cottage that the Muggle who rented it to him had called "unfit for winter" would be perfect. It merely took a few small construction spells to fix the rotted wood and the holes in the roof. He had sealed the hearth and now a fire was crackling happily there, filling the dwelling with the heavy smell of wet wood. He loved Iceland, if he was entirely honest. Out away from the paved roads and swarms of tourists of Reykjavik the landscape didn't pretend to be anything other than rugged, challenging, and cold. The land itself was practical, nothing grew in excess or without need, no energy went unconserved. And the people, his distant neighbors, were kind and warm. The opposite of the frozen landscape. They seemed almost happy to trudge the mile or so between them to share fresh baked sweet rolls and to receive a bottle of wine in return. They were astounded at the difference he had made in the cottage, promising him all kinds of repair work in the spring. It would be a few months until then. The landscape was not yet covered in a permanent blanket of snow but the heavy skies threatened it with each passing day. These days of biting late-autumn cold, when the chill felt like needles on any exposed skin he was glad of apparition. He could still turn on the spot and find himself in a cozy cafe in Reykjavik, gather supplies and be home before he froze solid. Hedwig ruffled her feathers, shaking off ice from the wind that must have settled there during her flight. Remus took the letter from Harry, and she swooped gracefully to sit next to the fire with a small contented chirp. Apparently she wasn't planning to leave until he had penned a reply. Remus turned the letter over in his hands and broke the seal, pulling the thick heavy parchment out with a small smile. This was what he truly missed most about teaching at Hogwarts, being with Harry. It was as if some piece of James remained, like the echo of a laugh, even if he realized that in many ways Harry was nothing like his cocky trouble-making father. But then he took in the first few lines of the letter, and realized Harry hadn't written to him after all. Dear Moony, Hi. I waited a couple months to hear from you, but its pretty clear at this point that you're not going to make the first move. I'd make a joke here about how you always liked to be chased but I think you might not be in the mood? I bet you're looking all disapproving and Moony-ish right now. I was right, wasn't I? Harry told me about you leaving the school, Dumbledore told me as well. He was quite put out about it, I think the old bat is just lazy, doesn't want to find a replacement. I wish you would have told me yourself. We didn't get a chance to speak at all, you were gone before I got away from Fudge. Can you believe that? A pardon from the Minister of Magic himself! My mother would be so proud. Actually I can tell you for sure she is not, Harry and I are living in Grimmauld Place again so I have to listen to her fucking portrait screaming about my traitorous nature anytime I want a bite in the kitchen. Not that I'll let anything get between me and food, but it is a bit unappetizing. It's just a temporary thing, until I can find a decent job and get us a bachelor flat somewhere less...covered in house elf heads and spiderwebs. You'd think it was the damn Taj Majal the way that Harry talks about it though. I gather those Muggles treated him like utter shit but he doesn't like to talk about it much. I'm crap at this sort of thing, mostly because I just want to rage every time I think about it, but I guess we're managing. Where are you? Are you coming back for Worm's trial? I don't know if I should say anything about - I am so crap with feelings Moons, just write me back okay? It has been 12 years of us not talking, now I don't even know what the fuck to say but I'm bursting to say fucking something. Anything. Where are you? Why did you go? -Padfoot P.S. Don't even think about not replying, Hedwig will make your life miserable .