head. "You will always be with me" she told her son, "in my heart always. I promise you that" And with a final goodbye, she stood and left them. Her body felt so heavy, so leaden. Every part of her body ached and she was so cold. She never thought she would be warm again. She groaned and struggled to open her eyes. She tried to clear her throat to say something. "Sarah!" "Neville?" Sarah coughed, "Can I have water?" "Sure!" He smiled a wide smile at her, "Let's sit you up. I should tell the mediwitch on duty and Harry wants me to floo call him" "Harry?" she asked, weakly. "We have been taking turns around the clock the last month...Hermione, Ron, George, Percy, Mrs. Weasley, Ginny, Luna, Harry, Lupin, Andromeda, myself. He didn't want you alone at all" "Month?" Sarah's mind struggled to keep up, "I've been asleep for a month" Neville shifted, "I should look Harry explain. He wants to see you straight off" "Wait" Sarah drank the water he handed her, trying to ease her sore throat, "Where is Snape? Draco?" "Harry wants to see you straight away" Neville told her, patting her arm, "I'll go get him. It's so good to see you again. I knew you would wake up! I just knew it!" He ran off leaving Sarah to lay her head back on the headboard. She looked around. She was at Snape Manor...but with no Snape. A few minutes later, Harry came back in, his hair wild. "Sarah" Harry's grin was huge, "How are you feeling?" "Sore and tired" she admitted. "The mediwitch is on her way back" he sat down next to her on her bed, "She was on break. We have been giving you potions to make you stronger when you did wake, but they said you would still be sore" "Well, I am" Sarah said, "but it's not too awful. You didn't have to rush over here" "Of course I did" Harry said, "It's so good to see you" She managed a smiled and slowly raised her hand to pat down his hair, "Your hair is a mess" "Yeah, well" Harry gave her a goofy grin, "I was in the middle of something" She eyed him, "Something naughty?" she asked, knowingly. "Now, Sarah Grace" Harry scolded. "You missed me" she murmured. "I did. We all did. Hermione and Ron too...things just aren't the same without you" he said, "What do you remember?" She thought back as Harry reached for her hand, threading it through his, "I remember the night of the last battle. Fred dying. You dying. Bellatrix cursing me. You coming back. Snape trying to save me" she paused, "Voldemort is dead" "Yes, he is" Harry squeezed her hand, "And he is never going to hurt you again" She bit her lip as her eyes welled up, "I lost my baby" "Yes" Harry's voice was gentle, "We buried him next to your mother. I'll take you there when you feel up to it" "I'd like that" she swallowed hard. "Harry, where is Snape? I'd like to see him" "There is no easy way to tell you this" Harry said, running his hand through his hair, trying to pat it down, "Snape has been arrested" "Arrested?" Sarah asked, aghast. "All the ones with the dark mark will have a trial" Harry said, "his defense looks good though. Andromeda Tonks is defending him" "I want to see him" Sarah said. "I'm not sure" Harry shifted, "I can tell him...when you are feeling better" "But..." "He doesn't want you involved, but Andromeda thinks you will be called to testify if you woke and since you did, then you probably will be" "When is his trial set?" "The ministry is a little backed up" Harry said, "a few weeks maybe...maybe a few months at the most" "And he is in Azkaban?" Sarah asked, horrified. "No, he is just in a secure location. I made sure he wasn't put in Azkaban" "And Draco?" "Sarah" Harry looked uncomfortable, "About Draco...the ministry..." "Has he been arrested too?" Sarah interrupted. "Yes, but he was released under Narcissa's custody to await his trial" "Okay" she said slowly, "Can I see Draco?" "I don't know" he said, honestly, "Things are complicated" "What does that mean?" "The ministry examined your marriage in the past few weeks. They believe you were coerced in marrying him and they took it upon themselves to annul it" "They did what?" Sarah choked and Harry handed her more water, "They can't just do that" Harry squirmed and then looked into her eyes, "Draco had the opportunity to protest it, but he chose not to" "He allowed our marriage to be annulled?" Sarah's voice was small. "Yes" "Why?" "I think you'll have to ask him" Harry said, gently. Her heart was shattered. Her son dead. Snape and Draco arrested. Her marriage annulled. They had won, but she very much felt like they had lost. All the sudden, she just wanted to sleep again. "I'm really shattered" "You should rest" Harry said, "The mediwitch will be here in a few minutes. Rest until she comes" He helped her lay back down and she turned on her side. He moved to the chair next to her bed. "Harry?" "Yeah, Sarah?" "Why does it feel like we lost?" Harry reached to stroke her hair, "We'll figure this all out. Focus on getting better first" "I want Snape" her lip trembled and tears spilled over. "I know" She sniffed hard, "Would it too much trouble for you to give me a hug?" "No trouble at all" Harry said, moving to her side again, and gathering her up in his arms, rocking her against him as she began to cry, "It will work out. You'll see. I promise" She didn't respond, because she didn't know how things could ever be right again. A/N: Please review! And follow...and don't forget to check out the parallel fic, Love at Your Darkest . Thanks!