. . .how come you didn't go after me that night?" If she had been afraid he wouldn't know what she meant, then looking at him now made her realise it was not to worry. He knew. And he looked ashamed. His hands clasped together and he rubbed the fingers as if caught between prayer and frustration. Then he sighed. "How could I?" Hermione's brows furrowed. "I don't understand." "How could I have gone after you? Even if I had known whether you wanted me to or not—" "I did! I did want you to! Sirius, I only left because you told me you'd go back to Grimmauld Place, a place you hate, rather than stay with me. That hurt, but if you had only told me something—" Sirius' jaw clenched and he let out a frustrated sound. "It wasn't about you! That decision had to do with everything else I have to deal with now that I'm back! I didn't need to confuse you, or myself for that matter, more than necessary. I needed to sort things out." "Well," said Hermione coolly, "How lucky it is that your decisions didn't confuse me." "Don't," warned Sirius. "I wasn't trying to hurt you. You know this." Hermione avoided his eyes, ashamed that she had resorted to such comments, but it was true that his decisions had confused and hurt her. And a dark part was afraid that he was lying, that he had intended to hurt her. If only to make her go away. "You gave me my life back, Hermione. I will never forget that," Sirius continued. "But I refuse to be responsible for you losing yours. You deserve someone whole, you've seen firsthand the things I've suffered. I'm too old and broken for you." "Ginny's right," Hermione said to herself out loud, "It does sound ridiculous." Before Sirius could say anything in response, Hermione thrust her arm in his face. "You see this?" she asked, everything inside her ablaze, trying to prove to the man in front of her how idiotic he was being. "This scar is just the start of it. There are plenty more I could show you, and others I can't. I am not the opposite of you, I'm not young and pure, or whatever it is you've had to convince yourself I am! And I'm especially not some naïve little girl who's known no hardships! And I can't believe you dare tell me how to live my life!" "Hermione—" "No!" "Hermione!" Sirius took hold of her arm, still outstretched, and she tried to ignore how much his touch affected her, how the feel of his gentle hand spread warmth to the rest of her body. He stepped even closer to her, clutching her arm to his chest and she felt her stomach flip at the contact. His eyes were intense and desperate. "I have no idea what to do about this, whatever it is, between us. But if you do, then enlighten me. Please." He waited as she struggled for words, but none came. Instead, after much consideration, Hermione swallowed, moved forward and pressed her lips to his. It didn't take long for him to respond. The lips that had been unmoving, moved, and though she shouldn't have been surprised, they were passionate and took her breath away. His hands meanwhile were everywhere, roaming her body and exploring her, delighting in every curve they found and that they were allowed access to them. Hermione gasped when his mouth found her neck and clutched at his shirt. She hadn't known how much she'd longed for this, but now that it was here, it felt amazing. But just as she was considering removing said shirt, Sirius stopped and sighed. "W-what is it?" she asked, a bit disappointed and out of breath. Still nuzzled at her neck, Sirius said, "You're Hermione." "I am," she responded. "Pleasure to meet you." "No, you don't understand," he groaned. "You're Hermione ." Hermione's eyes closed and she sighed as well. She did know what he meant. What little self-restraint Sirius had needed to have his concerns appeased first if it was to be removed. So, she gently grabbed hold of his head, palming his cheeks to look at her, part of her amused that she was doing this to someone so much older than herself. But another not minding it one bit. "I'm Hermione," she said. "I'm a lot younger than you, but I'm also a grown woman. I'm your godson's best friend, but I'm also your friend. I have no regrets. Even with all the pain in my life, I don't regret any of it. So why would you think I'd regret you?" They held each other's gaze for a long time, Hermione refusing to waver, until Sirius let out a soft breath and kissed her palm. "All right." Hermione couldn't help it, she smiled. "All right?" "All right," Sirius repeated, his lips pulling upward too. "You stubborn woman." "You won't regret this," she promised. Sirius laughed. "Doubt that I will. Or that you'll let me." She arched an eyebrow which made him laugh even harder. Then she daringly ran her hands down his front slowly, stroking his chest, which to her delight made him stop (even if it caused her neck to burn a little). "I think that's enough talking for now," she said. "Can't help but agree," Sirius answered, his eyes darkening. "What did I just say?" Sirius grinned but kept quiet as he leaned in close, and Hermione rejoiced at feeling his lips find hers again. ~o0o~ A/N: IT. IS. DONE. This story fought me so much. I thought the idea was cool, but I could not find anything in me to make it into more than a one-shot so this is what you kids get. Sorry, not sorry (I TRIED SO HARD YOU DON'T EVEN KNOOOOW! SO MANY DRAFTS AND DISCARDED GARBAGE IDEAS!) Hoped you enjoyed it even as a one-shot though, I really do! Hugs! /Primrue