own glass was, naturally, untouched on the table. She was still eleven after all. "Sorry, got held up bartering with a fence," the man apologised, quickly sitting down. "No matter, now we're all here, we can begin," she replied, pulling the black leather briefcase from beside her chair onto the table. With a crack, she opened the silver clasps, and spun the case so her fellows could see what was within. Three individual letters with their names written in green ink rested on top of three, square, lacquered wooden boxes. "Interesting…" Jasmine murmured, snagging the envelope with 'Irene Adler' written upon it. From her left sleeve, she pulled her artful, Celtic dagger with its black blade, and used it to open the letter, leaving the customary green seal intact. Intently, she set about reading the instructions on the parchment, even though she knew exactly what they said, since they were written by her own hand after all. Signed at the bottom was the name of the mastermind villain that the magical world would soon come to fear… 'James Moriarty.' "At least we finally get to know who we're working for," Greyback muttered, "Moriarty…" "Is still not a name to be bandied about or spoken of too publically," Jasmine reprimanded. "Secrecy is a powerful spell, but can all too easily be broken." "Yeah, but these plans seem a bit public," Scabior commented, eyes skimming his parchment. "Well, we do require some kind of public front, though it seems we three will be the face of it, not our employer," Jasmine agreed. "The Diogenes Club? And Madame Rosa's bathhouse? He's trying to appeal to the posh and the rough," Scabior said. He was right of course. Her plans for the Diogenes Club were for a place where the rich could socialise, and be seen as the cream of society, all without saying a word, for silence would be mandatory. And naturally, there would be certain services available from the club's staff, making allowances for illicit substances or carnal needs to be sated, all from a respectable place of business. And of course, contact to the wider applications of Moriarty's growing network, be it an assassin required, or perhaps an item to be acquired, all would be available. For a price. And the membership for the club, would of course be at a hefty fee. It needed to be to make up for the chunk of the Potter fortune she was investing in it. Madame Rosa's bathhouse would serve a similar function in the opposite environment. By day, functioning as a legitimate bathhouse, not that that part mattered much. Behind the baths, private rooms and private entertainment of a sexual nature would be available, and below in the expansive basement, a fully functioning bar where shady persons could meet, be hired, and such and so forth. She even had plans for perhaps a few gambling rings downstairs, since there was little of that nature in the wizarding world, she'd have to start small with gambling ventures. But, smaller things could grow and make a tidy profit one day. "So it would seem," she eventually said, drawn from the reverie of her plans. "I'll be running business administration and financial backing for the projects apparently. He also says there are gifts of some sort in the boxes." She lifted the box her envelope had rested under from the briefcase, and opened it to reveal the treasure within. "Aren't you a beauty…" she muttered, holding the silver pocket watch on its long chain. It was artfully intricate in design, and of course had an 'M' engraved into the top in lustrous gold. Upon flicking it open, the watch face itself was simplistic, marked with Roman numerals instead of numbers, and with a mirror on the interior of the top. A small note fell out as it was opened, reading in green script 'Simply say a name.' Scabior and Greyback opened their own boxes to be greeted by a similar sight. The rogue-ish fence took his in hand, marvelling at the design, but the werewolf didn't touch his, scowling slightly. "Don't worry, Mr Greyback, I believe this is white gold, or perhaps platinum," Jasmine remarked. Both were true of course, the main body being white gold, while the chain was platinum. "My question would be as to the meaning of the note." "Irene Adler," said Scabior, who was looking at his watch intently. Immediately, Jasmine's own heated up in her hands. She pressed a finger against the mirror on the interior, glad that one of the others had figured it out rather than her having to explain it. A few moments after her digit had touched the surface, the image of the rogue-ish man appeared, and of course her own face was displayed on his. "It's for communication." "How ingenious," Jasmine added, looking intently at Scabior through the watch before tapping the mirror and closing the piece of jewellery, which ended the connection. "Well, this has been interesting, but I must go. I have things to do, and these new commands add to them. I shall see you two anon, since we now have a discrete method of communication. Until then." With that, she stood and made for the door of the dingy bar. Of course, the watches were more for her benefit than theirs, as today was August 31st, and tomorrow she would be on the train to Hogwarts. Being separated by the space of half the length of Britain would be a pain, but she was certain she could surmise a solution soon. After all, with magic to help, the possibilities were simply endless. A/N: And here I decided to end it, five thousand words for a chapter is nice and rounded and at the top bracket of what I normally upload. Anyway, please review and let me know if you like the idea, or if you have a suggestion, or something you think should/could be improved. I appreciate both encouragement and criticism equally.