yourself for something you couldn't have known about is not going to help. As for what happened today, you didn't know she was there. Harry did. You didn't ask him to do anything. Harry just acted because that is just who he is….was." Remus countered, stumbling awkwardly at the end at his use of present tense. "I made so many mistakes by him Moony….I left him as a baby when I should have been looking after him. I should have been there for him through everything but I wasn't because I was a shit godfather who didn't think of his godson first. You know, I asked them to name you godfather." Sirius finished, staring at him with bloodshot eyes. Remus blinked in surprise. "What?" Sirius smiled ruefully. "I never thought I would make a good godfather to Harry. I'm not responsible like you are. I would never have been good at looking after him. I told them to pick you. They were the one's who insisted I would be fine and that they were planning on naming you godfather to their second child." Remus was touched to think they would have named him godfather to one of their kids but quickly remembered his thoughts from earlier. "They were right to pick you Padfoot. I wasn't very responsible either. I left instead of checking up on him at the Dursley's. I knew I would never be given custardy of the 'Chosen One' but I still should have made sure they were looking after him properly. I put everyone's lives at risk when I forgot about my potion that night two years ago. I wasn't there for Harry either these last few years. You were in Azkaban and couldn't be there but what was my excuse?" Sirius didn't answer and they both remained silent for a little while, watching as Dumbledore arrived and spoke to Moody. Neither made any effort to go see him. After a few minutes Remus spoke up. "Look Sirius, we both have messed up pretty badly and I'm certain Lily would hex us six ways to Sunday for it. However, you didn't do anything wrong today. You came here to save Harry and you gave it your best shot. What happened was not your fault. Blame Voldemort for targeting Harry. Blame Bellatrix for casting the spell. Hell, blame Wormtail for bringing Voldemort back in the first place. Just don't blame yourself." Sirius began to nod along absentmindedly when something Remus said caught his attention. "Bellatrix? My psychopathic cousin?" Remus nodded. "Yes, she was the one who fired the curse….didn't you know?" Sirius shook his head. "I never saw who did it, didn't even here them speak the incantation…" Sirius trailed off. He felt the rage bubbling up again. Bellatrix! Of course it was her who did this! She made it her life's mission to make me miserable from day one! Well, she succeeded all right. She got what she wanted. Sirius clenched his fist so hard it turned completely white. He would get her for this. He would kill that bitch if it was the last thing he ever did. Remus sighed before slowly rising to his feet. "I know what you're thinking Padfoot. I won't stop you from going after them but remember this. Harry saved you Sirius. He chose to push you out of the way of that curse because he wanted you to live. Don't dishonour his memory by giving up now or doing something completely reckless. Keep going and live your life for him. Its what he would want and you know it." Remus started to walk away when Sirius' called out to him. "Moony!" Remus turned back to him with a raised eyebrow. Sirius grinned weakly at the werewolf. "You shouldn't blame yourself either you know. Harry wouldn't like that." Remus smiled slightly in reply before he headed toward the door. Sirius looked around, noticing others leaving too. The Death Eaters remained chained up on the floor with Moody and Dumbledore standing guard. Sirius noticed bitterly that Bellatrix was not among them. My godson is dead and that bitch is walking free? Not for long. I'll catch her and make sure she pays. Sirius rose to his feet, about to follow the others when he saw something out the corner of his eye on the floor by the veil. He hadn't noticed it before, too lost in his grief to take note of anything else. As he got closer another wave of sobs hit him. It was the invisibility cloak and Harry's wand. Harry must have dropped his wand as he flew back towards the veil. Sirius wasn't sure how his cloak got there. He hadn't seen Harry holding it during the battle. It must have been in his pocket. Still though, it was weird to see it there. Sirius picked up the two items holding them close. As he turned and followed Remus out of the Death Chamber he made a promise to his godson. I will get them pup. Voldemort, Wormtail, Bellatrix. I will get them all. And then I will go on living. I don't know how but I will. I will find a way for you pup because I know its what you'd want. Everything I do is all for you. Sirius cast one final look back at the room and whispered "Goodbye pup", completely missing as he walked away the whispered reply from the veil. "Goodbye" A/N – So, that's it! I hope it was okay. It was not an easy story to write but I gave it my best shot just for all of you! Anyway, I just wanted to mention that the reason the cloak did not go through the veil is based upon the assumption that Harry's invisibility cloak is the one that belonged to Death mentioned in the Tale of the Three Brothers. As it is no ordinary invisibility cloak it was not able to pass through the veil. See you next time everyone!