has gathered inside the DADA room. I gave Wasi the responsibility to settle them.' So Professor Malcahy too got convinced in what Prakhar said with a small disbelieve and left his teacup half filled in canteen hall. In a minute or two they reached the DADA room. Prabhav checked his wrist watch and saw that a little time was still left to the period to start. He desired the classroom to be empty without any other students except his pals and how he will get the golden chance to kick on Prakhar's face after an hour or two. Professor Malcahy shifted the classroom metal door as Prabhav met his shock with the whole room crowded with students all staring at him as he took a long breath and gulped his saliva. Thinking by what to start, he said 'Silence please'…but as he could see, the classroom was so silent that he could hear a buzzing effect in his ears. Professor Malcahy nodded his head twice and made his eyes wider as a gesture to him to start the class. Prabhav could feel a sense of nervousness as he saw hundreds of eyes staring at him. 'So I want you to clearly tell you that Defense is not only about protecting yourself but to try to stop yourself from getting attacked…understood.' But from the class's reaction it did not look like that he said anything which could be understandable. A boy of 6th year was looking at him as he was the wrong choice for them to teach DADA. Prabhav thought that his stomach was knotted all over as he said, 'Don't think that I don't know anything about this subject. And if you think that you know more than me, let me know.' But the class stood silent as before till Prabhav said, 'Now, if you are dueling with someone the most important and successful move is to try to disarm your opponent. Therefore I would like you all to try the disarming charm. I will do a practical for you all if you please sir.' Professor Malcahy got into a dueling position with Prabhav by bowing him and getting seven steps away from him with his wand raised in his arm. Prabhav flicked his raised wand and said ' Expelliarmus' and Professor Malcahy were in the air in no time with his wand in Prabhav's wand-free arm. He was going to get a horrible crash before Prabhav shouted with his wand aimed at him, 'Immobolus' because of which the professor's crashing slowed down and he ended on the floor with all his bones still in their right position. The crowd ran towards him and circled him as Prabhav helped him stand up. 'You forgot to tell Prabhav…ofhh…that a powerful disarming charm could also result in the crashing off of the opponent and this was really a very powerful one.' as he winked him. Many guys patted his back as he said, 'Back to your tables for the practical to continue.' Rest of the period went well. Manan and Paras were not able to perform the charm in one chance and didn't have the second as the number of boys was more that the minutes left in the class to get suspended. Wasi and Srijan, another boy of Slytherin house performed the spell well and made their opponents crash but on the same spot where their opponents stood. Others were good by just disarming the wand-hand of the boy who was seven steps away from them. Rest of the week went well and the team put up a good effort to teach the boys. The teachers' assistance helped the boys to do better. Morning assembly was going to start before the breakfast. Boys were forming group of four to five people before Professor Neeraj instructed them to stand besides their house tables. As Prabhav and his group recognized that the house tables were returned to the Spence hall after more than a week. In the middle of the concert stage, just like in their previous years the big gem fitted chair stood for the headmaster and on both sides of his couple of seats stood for the housemasters with the colour of their respective houses. The only chair which was empty was of the headmaster who came in to the Hall a moment after the students got organized in their house tables. Professor McFarland read the schedule for the following day and gestured for the start of the breakfast as he went back to his office. Everyone attacked the butter toast and sandwiches which were getting refilled every minute. The Elite group finished the breakfast first. They were going to get their bags from their house rooms when the headmaster's peacock came fluttering and gave Wasi a letter. 'What is it?' asked Prabhav. 'It's the letter from the headmaster saying to meet with you all immediately.' 'So lets better hurry' said Vivaan. They got into his room as they saw him standing near the window looking towards the Quidditch ground. 'So it was a good week, wasn't it?' The boys looked at each other and then at him all grinning. 'Ahh…kind of', spoke out Prabhav after a couple of seconds of silence. The headmaster was still facing the grounds. 'I got reports from your teachers describing you really made the boys make a progress in all your respective fields. of the first and second year students are taking them home. We are getting less in number against him day by day and Varenyam's father too has requested his son till tomorrow.' 'What…no I'm not going…I won't leave my school for my sake. I will never.' said Varenyam astounded of his father's decision. 'Varenyam, your father must be saying this for not his good but yours. And like I said before nobody will be forced to stay. The portkey will be available for you by ten, be ready.' His peacock came and settled on the perch joint to the study table.