house-elf in the magical part of Edinburgh, Scotland in the hopes that she will find it as a nice retreat after each school year." Minerva gave the pensieve image of her favorite student a watery smile in thanks for the beautiful gesture. From there, the will reading continued for several more minutes as both James and Lily continued to show their generosity to those that they saw as family and their close friends. James had even been able to sneak the single sickle payback to Sirius for "an old bet" that got Sirius to give a single bark in laughter at his brother's humor as well as a gift of five hundred thousand galleons to Drakefang for being such a good friend and account manager for James and Lily. Once the will reading was done and the image had faded back into the bowl, causing the previously glowing runes to go dark, Drakefang picked up the bowl and placed it back in its travel case as the rest of the Order filed out with written slips of parchment from Drakefang with dates and times for appointments to finalize their inheritance from the Potters' Will. After everyone else had left and it was just Bella with toddler Harry in her arms, Sirius, Remus, Drakefang, Amelia Bones, and Albus Dumbledore remaining in the dining area of Number Twelve Grimmauld Place, Albus asked the obvious question, "Bella, where will you go to raise Harry? I think that we can all agree that he should be raised in an environment away from all of the fame of being the "Boy-Who-Lived"." Bella looked at the old headmaster and bit her lower lip as she thought about it. Before she could answer, Drakefang spoke up, "If I may be so bold as to make a recommendation, Lady Potter?" Bellatrix nodded, still not used to the fact that she now had that title, "Please do, Drakefang." The old goblin nodded and continued, "The Potter estate just outside of Edwinsford, Wales is both large enough and remote enough to provide the privacy that you seek. True, Edwinsford is largely a magical community, but they have always respected the desire for privacy. Also, the Potter's Estate there is unplottable and under the Fidelius Charm with me as its secret keeper due to it being out of use currently." Bellatrix thought about it for a few minutes before she nodded, "That sounds perfect Drakefang, thank you. I will ask that you transfer the secret keeper responsibility to me so that I can better control who has access to the property and I request that you arrange for the strongest wards possible be placed around the property." She watched as Drakefang bowed to her, "As you wish, Lady Potter. I will make the arrangements as soon as I get back to Gringotts and the wards will be in place before the sun rises." After that was settled, the assembled group went through the magical process to transfer the secret keeper responsibilities from Drakefang to Bellatrix, who then immediately shared the secret of the location of the Edwinsford Estate with all present. A New Home It was a short time later that Bellatrix Potter stepped out of the green flames of the hearth at the large main house of the Edwinsford Estate and called for one of the house-elves, "Misty." There was a soft crack as the female house-elf apparated in front of Bellatrix and said in her soft voice, "What does missus be needin' from Misty?" Bellatrix sighed as she said, her voice full of emotion, "Misty, there is no easy way to tell you this but Lord James and Lady Lily were murdered tonight." Misty looked shocked, tears welling up in her tennis ball sized gray eyes, her mouth becoming a deep frown as she began to wail, "Not Master James and Missus Lily! Whys they have to die?" Bellatrix let the little house-elf cry out her grief over the loss of James and Lily, silently shedding her own tears over their loss. After both had cried for several minutes, their grieving was interrupted by a certain toddler waking up and announcing with fog-horn loud wails that he needed attention. This startled Misty out of her grieving as she looked up at her new missus, "toddler Harry is alive? He's alive! Did missus Bella bring him here to live?" Bellatrix nodded to the elf and before she could say anything, the house-elf stepped forward and silently asked for her to hand Harry to her, which Bella did. As soon as the Misty had toddler Harry in her arms, she immediately led the way through the house to the nursery that had been set up so long ago for Master James when he was a toddler. Once they arrived in the nursery, Bella watched as Misty called for another house-elf, "Makon." The other house-elf appeared with a crack and said, "What you be needin' Misty?" Misty spoke, "Go get diapers for toddler-master Harry." The elf nodded and disapparated with another soft crack . He was only gone for a couple of minutes before he reappeared with everything that Misty would need to change Harry's diaper. Misty then set about showing Bella how to change Harry's diaper and telling Makon to start making the house ready to be lived in. After Harry was changed and put to bed in his crib, Misty showed Bella through the doors on one side of the room and into the master suite. Bella thanked Misty and dismissed her, telling the house-elf that she will call for her in the morning. Misty nodded and disapparated with a crack . Once the house-elf was gone, Bella allowed herself to collapse onto the king-size bed and cry over the loss of her cousin-turned-brother and a woman who was a third younger sister to her. Many hours later, Bella had finally exhausted herself and drifted into a dreamless sleep. A/N: So, please review and let me know what you think.