in Los Angeles already. They were usually three to four times as much as this for a studio with carpet that had been there since the 1960s, walls cracked from the heat and a complete lack of amenities. Here I had access to a chef's kitchen, there was a pool, there was my own private (detached!) space, there was a washer and dryer for my clothes. This was the promised land of rentals, and these two dopes had no idea what they had. They could have rented it for a ton more money. Lily was right, a property like this was worth whatever annoyance these two idiots could throw at me. They didn't seem like they were drug dealers or murderers, just some spoiled kids who were coasting a bit through their twenties. "So, any chance I can take the place today or are you looking at more candidates?" James and Sirius shared another meaningful look, and I had a feeling I would be seeing a lot of these types of looks if I did indeed get the place. It was clear that they spoke their own language and it was going to take me a while to learn to translate it. James clapped me on the back, "It's all yours nerd. When do you want to move in?" Lily drove me back to the motel and the whole way back we chatted about the two fit guys and how amazing the house was. She threatened several times to move into the tiny second room, but there was no way that was going to happen. I was going to have an office! Together we googled Sirius' uncle and found out that he was indeed a famous and eccentric movie producer, known for throwing huge parties in the 1970s and 1980s in the very house that I would be moving into. He had bought into Silver Lake back in the 70s when the neighborhood had lost its appeal from its early days as the home of Disney. But this turned out to be a smart move. Now Sirius and James were set up with a house that was definitely worth more than they even knew, in a neighborhood that was one of the most desirable in Los Angeles. This was unreal, it was like something out of a fairy tale. The next day I moved into the pool house with just three boxes and two suitcases, everything that I had brought over with me from Dublin. Sirius opened the door at one in the afternoon, yawning, still in his sweatpants and looking like he just got out of bed. I tried to ignore the way his pajama pants just skimmed his hipbones, revealed by his slightly-too-short t-shirt and instead shoved a box into his arms. It took ten minutes to move everything from the Uber into the pool house and another ten minutes for me to realize that I couldn't really unpack much other than the clothes (which went in the built-in storage near the bathroom) because I didn't actually yet own any furniture. So I went into the main house and plopped down on the couch next to Sirius and Padfoot, who were watching Cartoon Network. Sirius looked up from his bowl of cereal (he really must have just woken up). "Yo wolfboy. You want some Lucky Charms?" "Is that an Irish joke?" "No I'm literally eating Lucky Charms." "Oh, right. No I'm good I had breakfast like," I checked my watch, "six hours ago. Hey can you give me the wifi password?" "Yeah, the network is 'the marauders' and the password is 'mischief managed' all one word." "Okay and the name comes from...?" "James and I had this band back in our first year of college, we were total idiots. Well, he was, I'm a musical genius. Anyway that was the band name, The Marauders." "Why am I not surprised that the two of you had a band?" "Because we seem like natural rock stars?" As he said this, he spilled a little milk from his spoon onto his chest. Padfoot scooted closer and started to lick it off his shirt. Not much about this screamed rock star to me but then again I'd never lived with a rock star before. "So first day in the new place huh? What are you doing? You don't like have work for another two weeks right?" "Yeah I have to order furniture today." "Oh shit you don't have any furniture?" "No, didn't make sense to move it from Ireland." "So you're going out then?" "I thought, honestly I'd just order stuff from Ikea online and have it delivered. Then I can put it together the next day or something." "Put it together? Wait you're going to build your own furniture? That sounds super manly of you. How did you learn to do that?!" I looked at him and I honestly couldn't tell at first if he was kidding or not. I gave a weak chuckle but he merely looked confused at me and continued to shovel cereal into his mouth at a somewhat alarming pace. "You're kidding right? Have you never been to Ikea?" "No. I mean that's the Swedish one right? Isn't it in Burbank?" "Oh my god I can't believe it, where do you usually buy furniture?" "After my uncle died I switched out a lot of the furniture but I just called his interior designer and she figured it out." I leaned back deeper into the couch and looked at Sirius. God he was beautiful, but Christ he was a prince. "You don't have work today do you?" "Nope, it's my day off." "Okay. I'm taking you to Ikea. You can't be a twenty-something and go around telling people that you've never had to buy a futon before, they will actually hate you." "Oh sick. Alright it'll be a roomie adventure!" Sirius slopped a bit more milk down his front. "You might want to take a shower first though."