at the man in the suit, "Did you do that?" the man shook his head and said, "Must have been you Mr. Potter, I've seen the kids here fix things like that all the time. Some of them with their wands but more often it happens just like that." "A lot of my possessions were damaged during the incident, is there any way I can get either an escort to Diagon Ally or have someone do some shopping for me?" The man relayed Harry's request into his radio and then gave him a response, "Once you get your shields established and feel up to going out Mr. Weasley says he'll take you on a trip when he knows your friends won't be anywhere near London. In the meantime you can hit the school shop for some basic necessities," the man reached into his wallet and gave Harry a few fifty pound notes, "I know for a fact that you can pay me back once you get to Gringotts so don't argue with me about this." Harry nodded and said, "And how am I supposed to pay you back when I don't know your name?" The man slapped his forehead with his hand and then offered it to Harry, "Jake Dennings, squib, T3." Harry shook it and said, "Harry Potter, boy-who-won't-die, Hogwarts Golden Boy, T0". Dennings took his hand and then stopped and stared as Harry said 'T0', "Uh Harry, you might not want to advertise that. Just tell people you're a T1 and don't worry too much about the ratings." Harry nodded in understanding, "Yeah I guess those that aren't wizards would start treating me like everyone else does once they learn about my status huh?" The man laughed and said "Exactly. The store is down on ground level with the mess, the gym, and the library. Someone will wake you in the morning with your schedule for the week. Breakfast is at 7, Lunch at noon, Dinner at 7. If you owl shows up send her to the owlery on the roof. Any questions Potter?" Again Harry shook his head and the man left the room. After examining the room for a few minutes Harry found that even the loose brick under his bed in the wall was there. Shaking his head at the realism he walked out of the room and headed toward the stairs. A call of, "Oi! New kid!" from a room he was passing stopped him. Backpedaling a few feet Harry looked into the room to find a room that was reminiscent of the Gryffindor common room. Lounging around a center console that housed a TV were three teenagers ranging from fourteen to eighteen, all holding odd objects attached to cables that lead toward the TV. "Hi, I'm Harry," he said walking into the room. On the screen he saw bright colors and the word "Paused" brightly displayed across the screen. "I'm Mark," said the blond haired teen who had called to him, "that ginger over there is Coggy," this came with a cry of indignation from Coggy, "and that tall bloke is Simon." referring to the tall dark haired kid sitting furthest from the door. "Nice to meet you guys, what are you up to?" Mark gestured toward the TV, "Simon's parents sent him an N64, it just came out this week, want to play?" Harry shrugged and took a seat, grabbing the three-pronged controller the same way the other boys were. After a few false starts Harry was having a blast, despite having no idea what he was doing, the rules of Mario Kart weren't complicated so he was racing along as a green dinosaur in a car. While they played and when they weren't yelling obscenities at one another, the boys got to know one another. Mark and Harry were the youngest and the only wizards. Mark had been there since he was 6 and while he normally would go home each summer, his parents were celebrating their 20th anniversary so he was "stuck at school" for the duration. Simon and Coggy were both in their last years of their programs and were going to be trained by the muggle military to become special ops. Harry perked up at learning about that, "Do they teach us to fight with our abilities here? I really don't know what is going on, I think I'm only going to be here for the summer." Simon shrugged, "In a way they do, they teach you to control and focus your power, once you get past that phase, using it as a weapon or using it to tie your shoe is limited only by your imagination. Nothing like your magic where there are specific incantations, with psy you can change your environment to suit your will, or at least as far as your powers will take you. Coggy and I are both T2s and we can take care of ourselves pretty well." Harry nodded and was thinking about how he could use this new ability against Tom. Thinking so hard in fact that he missed the next question from Coggy, "Huh? Sorry I was thinking." "Do you know what your rating is?" Harry looked at the boys and examined their reactions as he said, "I'm a T1 apparently." He watched their eyes go wide, but not nearly as wide as any given stranger in Diagon Ally when they spotted his scar. "That's pretty cool Harry, I've only heard about a few of those in the last decade, you're going to have loads of fun, don't let the instructors scare ya." Harry grinned and then laughed as his stomach rumbled, "I guess its time for me to get some food." They all looked at the wall clock and found it was quarter after seven. They paused their game and filed out of the room and down the stairs. A/N: I'm still looking for a beta reader so please message me and let me know if you're interested. -ProdigalPen