seemed to trust John, so he hadn't hurt her. Luna was still crying so hard she couldn't say anything. After her crying had turned into a sniffle, John leaned in close to her ear to whisper. "What's the matter, Moonchild." She turned hurt filled eyes to him and answered in a voice so small you could almost not make out words in it. "My mommy used to call me that." She almost sounded like a small girl, despite being almost fifteen. "I won't use it again, if you don't want me to." "No it's okay if you do, but no one else." "Okay Moonchild, why do you cry?" Luna dropped her eyes to the ground. "I...I don't really want to...don't want to..." She was crying again. "Take your time." Luna looked at all of them. "I will...tell you...why...but first...are we...friends? Like really friends? You don't want anything in return to be my friends?" She felt dumb as she asked, if they really wanted to hurt her they would surely not tell her. They had been so nice to her, especially John, she just came to expect the worst of them. She didn't know how to handle kindness from somebody not her dad. John answered for them all. "Of course we are. Luna we are your friends." He lifted her chin until her eyes met his. "I want to be your friend. You are a loveable person Moonchild." She looked at Hermione. "John is right Luna. We are friends. We can all use a friend on days we feel down." She gave the younger girl a reassuring smile. Luna then looked at Harry. "I don't have many friends Luna. But I'm fiercely loyal to the ones I've got. I'll be your friend until I die Luna." The younger girl still nestled on Johns lap, started crying again though this time she was smiling and crying at the same time. She wept for all the unjust punishment she had suffered over the years and cried from the happiness of having friends. "I have friends...I've got friends..." she repeated over and over again. It took almost twenty minutes for her to calm down. She fell asleep on Johns lap and he wrapped her into her towel firmly and placed her down on the blanket. Hermione was the first to recover. "What was that?" John looked pensive before answering. "I think Luna just found her first real friends. Seemingly everybody before, only befriended her to gain something from it. She seems to have suffered quite a bit of abuse as well." Harry had composed himself by now. "That's horrible. We have to be the best of friends to her, no one deserves that." They looked at the blonde, that was now peacefully sleeping. "We should let her rest, but should be there when she wakes up." John picked up the tea from the basket and poured three cups. They spent the next three hours chatting, getting to know each other even better. They took turns to check up on Luna and as it was Hermiones turn again, Lunas eyes fluttered open. "Hey Hermione, I've had the most wonderful dream, you and John and Harry all agreed to be my friends. John even hugged me." She blushed a little. "And he held me while I cried." Hermione smiled at her. "That was no dream, we have been watching over you for the past three hours." Luna smiled widely at her and got up from the ground, she saw John and Harry talking a few feet away. As they saw her get up, they smiled and waved at her. Luna was sure now her life would turn out to be better. It was an hour later when the foursome made its way back up to the school. Luna had dressed in her robes once more. John had banished the blanket and vanished his towel, but Luna had asked him to keep her towel. He told her that, since it was conjured, it would disappear anyway sometime in the future and she got to keep it till it would do so. She was smiling broadly all the way to the castle and when they entered the great hall for dinner. Luna led them to the Ravenclaw table, much to the bewilderment of her house mates. John had already sussed that Luna was not favoured amongst her peers, what she had told him and also not told him, gave him a better picture of it. He was not surprised at all that some of the looks were downright hostile. John stared them down and one by one they would look away. They were able to eat their dinner in quiet, not one of the Ravenclaws tried something. John distrusted the calm that heralded the probably much greater storm and was afraid that Luna would take the brunt of it. After they had eaten, they all hugged Luna. She made her way to Ravenclaw I a sullen mood. John had guessed that there would be repercussions, but she knew for certain. Tonight would not be the best of nights, but the thought of having friends added some much needed steel to her backbone. 'Let them come.' She thought defiantly. John said his goodbyes too and made his way to Slytherin. The hostile glances from his own house were murderous. Harry and Hermione slowly walked up to their common room. About halfway there, Hermione did something, she never thought she would. She pushed Harry into a hidden alcove, kissed him and then quickly got back into the hallway. Harry followed five seconds later, grinning all the way to the tower. They knew that they had to talk about this, but neither was in the mood for it. The friends just enjoyed the comfortable silence that had fallen between them, each lost in their own thoughts. After the had reached the common room, they hugged good night and turned in early. It had been an eventful day and both were knackered.