eyes and his mouth opened a notch from seeing him face- to -face. He saw Ginny Potter with him, and their three children behind them. Scorpius' eyes specifically stayed fixed on the second youngest and oldest child of the three, Albus Potter; he knew that he was exactly his age. Albus looked back at him shyly with a friendly vague little grin; he seemed nice. Draco quickly bowed his head at the sight of Harry and the others, and Harry bowed his head back. Astoria and Draco then led their son up ahead so they could be closer to the train before it departed "Dad, I saw Albus Potter! It's his first day too!" Scorpius said, lightly tugging at his father's robe. "It is," Draco acknowledged. They eventually stopped walking and Draco dusted off the sleeves of Scorpius' suit and made sure all of his buttons were properly buttoned. "Make sure to send us a letter once you are sorted into your house," Astoria demanded sweetly. "I will," Scorpius said. Suddenly, a voice was nagging at the back of his mind, and he felt like he needed to adress it. "Mum, dad," Scorpius said, his smile disappearing and looking around at the students that were still staring at him. "What if...what if I don't make any friends?" Astoria still felt nervous of all the rumours directed towards her son, but she didn't want to show it. She leaned down a little with a loving tone and said, "Do not be ridiculous. Of course you will make friends. You know why?" Scorpius shook his head. "Because you're Scorpius Malfoy, and people would be absolutely mad if they didn't want to be friends with someone like you," Astoria pointed out, smiling. "Here's something important I want you to keep in mind: if someone comes along and judges you from rumours and chooses not to be your friend because of it, they are not worth your time. A true friend would look past what they heard about you and still want to be with you no matter what, whether the rumours be true to them or not." The corners of Scorpius' eyes slightly wrinkled and his lips slightly rose in anticipation. "And don't forget..." The tall brown-haired woman pulled out a bag of sweets. "Sweets, they always help you make friends," the mother and son sang in unison. Scorpius laughed and grabbed the bag out of her hand. "Can I have one now? Pleeassse?" he begged, hopeful. "Just ONE," Astoria said. "You'll have to save some for your friends." Joyful, Scorpius reached inside the bag and popped a Pepper Imp inside his mouth-which made his ears fill with smoke, as well as his nose. "Better get boarding," Draco said. Scorpius shoved the bag of sweets inside his coat pocket and awkwardly wrapped his arms around his mother for a hug; he wasn't much of a hugger thanks to his father. Draco watched his offspring with a prideful grin. Astoria held him close with a smile and kissed his cheek when they parted. "I love you," she said. "I love you too", Scorpius returned. He turned to Draco and he firmly put his hand on his son's shoulder and said, "I love you too son. You will make an excellent wizard." "Thanks, dad," Scorpius said, slowly walking over to the entrance of the train. He waved goodbye to his parents and watched his father's grin of pride and his mother's bittersweet with tears welling up in her eyes. He finally entered the train and looked around in utter wonder. Each compartment he searched until he found one with two nice looking girls. They were practising their magic and laughing. Both of them were wearing robes with a tie that did not match any of the houses, so they must have been new like he was. He pulled out the bag of candy and chocolates from his pocket and walked on in. Just the sight of him made the two girl's laughter and smiles abruptly die down. "Hello," Scorpius greeted, quietly but friendly. "Is it alright if I sit here? I've got some wicked-good sweets to share." "Oh, um. We're not actually sitting here, we were just browsing each compartment to find the right one," one of the girls nervously said, lifting herself from her seat and motioning for her friend to get up as well. "Sorry about that." "Oh, no problem. I understand," Scorpius said, trying not to display his hurt on his face. The girls didn't say anything more. They simply walked away like they were escaping from something. The lonely blond sat himself down by the window and he tried to keep his chin up and remind himself of what his mother said. He wished he could see his parents through the window right now, but he was on the opposite side of the train. Minutes passed by, and there have been several different students of all ages appearing by his compartment, but then walking right past it. The more school mates passed by, the less hopeful he became. When the train actually started to move, at the time, all of his little amount of hope had vanished. He opened his bag and took out a Jelly Slug while a small tear ran down his cheek. With a wipe of his sleeve however, the tear disappeared. Outside the window he could see the train station become further and further away. While observing, he swore he heard footsteps outside the door of the compartment. He knew he was right when he heard the door slide open. His eyes looked over to the direction of the sudden open door, and with his eyes he saw a recognizable boy with thin dark hair and light green eyes look at him. The boy smiled at him, and Scorpius smiled back; his heart by then pounding quicker in anticipation. "Hi," the boy said. "Is this compartment..." "It's free," Scorpius said quickly, continuing to grin. "It's just me."