they often wondering how there could be so much space in such a tiny house, they never once realized that the house was actually just about as large as the living room alone. They thought it was clever room management, it always made John laugh. They had just taken of their shoes as the phone rang. "I'll get it!" Harry chirped and John chuckled at his over eagerness. He heard only half of the conversation. "Hello!...Hello Hermione, yes it's Harry...how cool, I will start that book later...no we just came home...OK bye Hermione...Hello Mrs. Granger...yes it's Harry...I'll get him...DAD!" John took the phone from Harry. "Hello?" "Hello John, it's Emma." "Oh hello Emma. I hadn't thought we would here each other so soon, but it seems Harry and Hermione had a good start together, I'm sure they will be great friends soon." "You have no idea, ever since we came back it was Harry this and Harry that." They shared a laugh at the antics of their kids. "Anyway we called because we wanted to invite you over for dinner tomorrow, if you're available." "Thank you, we would love to come over, when should we be where?" John noted the address and time, thanked Emma again and hung up. "Well?" Harry asked. "They invited us for Dinner tomorrow." "I hope you said yes?" "I did." Harry punched the air and bounded up to his room with his books to read up interesting things he could chat with Hermione about. John chuckled once more and went about preparing dinner. As they sat down to eat, John asked Harry about the texts he had read so far and was pleased that Harry had already completed two of the books they had bought. Apparently the effects of binding the magic to the soul, were different for each individual. There was a common ground to it, abilities that they shared and some that they would share in the future. Others were completely individual. Where John was able to draw knowledge from a kind of universal bank and could add to it as he pleased, thus creating his new identity of Jonathan Potter, brother to James Potter, Harry could draw knowledge from books, he had an eidetic and photographic memory, he remembered everything he read and experienced. A trait they shared though, was the ability to sense magic on a wholly other level than anyone else. John had taught Harry about runes and the lad could now actually read the purpose of wards when they encountered them, a few years in the future and he was sure the lad would be able to unwrap them with a touch of his finger and a change to the runes. Jonathan Potter might not have been his real name and it was not his real identity, but he was happy that he had done, what he had done on that evening five years ago. He loved Harry like his son and Harry loved him like a father. The boy had as much saved his life, as he had the lads. John was extremely proud of the achievements Harry made with his magic. "Are you exited to meet Hermione again tomorrow?" John asked Harry after they had done the dishes. "Yes, very much. We've only known each other for an hour or so, but I really like her. She is nice and loves books and she will be at the school. I really like her to be my friend then." John smiled at him. "I have no doubt that you two will be the best of friends in a very short time." Harry grinned at that and John asked him if he wanted to watch a movie or read more of his books. Harry choose the movie and choose 'Back to the Future' and John groaned. "Really, you have seen the movie so often that the cassettes had been all worn down, this is already the second set. You have an eidetic memory, how can you watch that movie so often, without it getting boring?" Harry just smiled innocently at him. "I don't know, I just never get tired of the story. It gives me a sense of contentment." John shook his head and pushed the VHS in the VCR and pushed play. During the film he could see Harry mouthing all the lines with the actors. He smiled and cried where appropriate, as he had every time they had watched it. John smiled at the boy he thought of as his son, while said son had his eyes glued to the television. After the movie Harry was so tired he practically fell asleep while standing up. John scooped him up in his arms and only got a weak protest from Harry, before he drifted off to sleep. Carrying Harry up the stair to his bedroom, John tucked the boy in and kissed him on the forehead, before turning off the lights and going back downstairs. He thought of the day he had gotten Harry and the way his 'relatives' had treated him. Harry could never forget that, they could never hurt him again, he made sure of that, but Harry could never forget. He had had friends in the muggle school he had visited, but they hadn't been close. Harry would play with them, do homework or assignments with them, but he never trusted them, nor where they up to his intellect. With Hermione this seemed different though, he had instantly build a connection with her and seemed very happy that they would go and see his friend tomorrow. If he wasn't mistaken he would see a lot of the girl and her parents in the years to come. John sighed and hoped that what he saw in the future would actually come true for his son, he couldn't think of a boy more deserving of happiness. Rubbing his face, he decided to turn in for the night, he would just wait and see what tomorrow would bring.