coming home" Draco gulped, his father had never been so threatening. He looked at his mother who was looking at the floor. "Do I make myself clear?" Lucius asked "Yes, Sir" Draco said after looking up from his mother. He shook his father off his arm and boarded the train. No matter how much he hated is father, he wasn't ready to leave home yet. At least he knew one of the options he must choose now. After finding his fellow Slytherins in a compartment they all started to catch up with each other. Crabbe and Goyle had barely scraped enough O. for their sixth year, Blaise had been in Italy this summer and had boasted about how Italian girls were the best sex he had ever had, and then told Draco about a rather dirty story about a three way he managed to get. Draco laughed at his friend who was in no other terms, a man slag, and he always seemed to have a quest to conquer, sexually anyway. He knew what Theo had been doing as they saw each other most days during the summer, Theo was like a brother to him, and always there when Draco needed him most. Daphne and Pansy were gossiping away with each other about the girls in their year, mostly just bitching so Draco decided to stay clear of that conversation. A few minutes later though he felt a hand on his upper thigh and noticed that Pansy was getting dangerously close to his dick. "For the one hundredth time Pans I do not want sex with you," Draco exclaimed, he was sick and tired of Pansy trying to get into bed with her, she fancied him since they were kids, but Draco never really liked her. For someone who had a lot of sex, she was one person he would defiantly stay clear of, maybe Granger too. "I'm going to get some air," Draco said blankly, as he knew Pansy was about to start crying any second now. He exited the compartment and soon noticed that Crabbe and Goyle followed him, he rolled his eyes. He never really liked the two of them, just based on the fact that they could never really think on their own without being told what to do by Draco, it pissed him off. As he was walking he just ignored everyone as he just wanted to get away from his compartment right now. He stopped though when he saw a familiar face sitting alone in a compartment reading a book. Granger was all alone reading, standard swot, but where was Potter and Weasley? Had they ditched her? He laughed, definitely not they wouldn't last two seconds without her really. She looked different though, her hair wasn't frizzy anymore, that makes a change, thank merlin really as that girl really needed to find conditioner sooner. He opened the compartment out of curiosity, maybe he could start being somewhat nice to people, and what better person than someone who had thrown a punch at him in their third year. He was about to say something when he saw her go from having a big grin on her face to having an expression that showed so much hatred. He knew being nice would never be an option for Draco. Fuck being nice. "What do you want, Malfoy? Come to make snide remarks about me?" she spat, yep definitely fuck being nice. The words came out effortlessly, he did have five years practice in abuse towards the girl, "Well Granger, if you didn't interrupt me I was going to ask where you little pets are, Potty and Weaselbee, but it seems they are not with you at all, have they finally had sense and ditched you? Never thought I'd see the day, I mean even Weasley has to have some standards to ditch a Mudblood," he said, never breaking eye contact, he knew the best ways to get under her skin and he smirked. He knew she was going to make a smart comeback so he decided if he was going to give abuse then he may as well do the job properly. "Merlin Granger who are you trying to impress? Don't see the point no one would be caught dead shagging a Mudblood" when he saw her face his smirk faltered ever so slightly, she was about to cry, well maybe anyway but Draco couldn't deal with crying girls so he quickly said "Close your mouth before people start to think you want to suck them off, personally I would love to shut you up with my cock but I don't want your filthy mouth around it". He knew it worked just by the look on her face, being upset had drastically turned to disgust and Malfoy smirked again. It didn't last long though because next thing he knew he was being shouted at by a very angry Weaselette. "How fucking dare you, you little ferret!", Draco could feel the anger radiating off her, and before he knew it he was being chased by his own bogies all the way back down to his compartment. He just managed to get inside and shut the door without being covered in a vat of snot, however Crabbe and Goyle were not as lucky. "Granger can pay for that stunt", he said aloud in a low menacing voice. He knew what his year would consist of now, beating Granger and knocking her down as much as he could. Fuck being nice. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo Hey guys! So yeah this is my first Fic, I've read many a fanfiction and decided that it was my turn to give, I hope I can post regularly but being at University and having 3 jobs can make that very hard :/ please like and review it would love to hear some feedback off it. I do have a story in mind and I know where I wanna go with it so please just bare with :)