faster song. "I left behind that title when I became the Minister." "I guess it feels more real now," Amycus spoke. He was surprised at his own words. "At least to you. I think a Dark Lord can do more than a Minister with the Wizengamot tying his hands to prevent him from pursuing the ideals of the population. A Dark Lord commands and he's heard and followed. A Minister has to earn love and a Dark Lord creates fear." "Do you believe me incapable of earning the love of all these witches and wizards?" with his words, Minister Riddle gestured to the dancing guests. Amycus followed his hands; there was a myriad of colours present. The rich wore masks with lace and embroidery; the poor wore masks with sequins and glitter. The Minister's silver mask was singular. Neither here nor there. "You can do as you wish, my Lord," Amycus said, addressing the man by the title he followed. "I wish to have you with me," Minister Riddle insisted. His arm pulled him closer. His bodies were touching and the contact sent a rush of heat through Amycus' senses. The thought of being there, in the middle of a dance, with the Minister touching him like that... "I could say to you yes to anything at this moment," Amycus confessed, letting his hand draw circles against the Minister's bare neck. His hands shook when he tried to let go. "Why don't you, Carrow?" Marvolo asked, leaning close to him. Amycus felt his fresh breath caressing his lips. "I offer you the highest position next to mine, an honour that should go to Bellatrix Lestrange or Regulus Black, at the very least. Yet it is you I crave." Those words had him shaking. "I must decline, nonetheless, Minister. A life in politics is not for me." The Minister's smile became a bizarre gesture taken from a caricature. Gone was the pleasant expression and the true nature, the madness, of Tom Riddle came to the surface. It was surprising that the guests didn't notice his magic reacting violently to Amycus' refusal, but he didn't care for them. He wanted to be away from the man and even thought on going back to France. Maybe Germany, even. He left Minister Riddle fuming and almost ran to where Alecto sat alone; there were a few empty glasses around her. "We have to go," he urgently told her, grabbing her hand and pulling her to her feet. She stumbled, unused to walk after that quantity of alcohol in her blood. "Is Fenrir here?" she asked with a giggle. "Tell him I said hi." Amycus didn't want to know what had happened in his years away. Here he was, running from a Dark Lord for personal reasons. His sister, usually the stoic pureblood, was apparently drunk and thinking of a known werewolf. It was a nightmare. Or maybe a well-orchestrated play in which everyone but Amycus had played a character. "Carrow," Minister Riddle's voice reached him as he neared the Apparition room. He cursed the wards for not allowing Apparition anywhere else, left his sister sitting on a couch and faced his Lord. "You are lucky I am not the same man I was before," he warned through closed teeth. His enraged magic kept circling him, threatening. "I should kill you for leaving me there. I am being kind to you, Carrow." Amycus nodded. "And for that, I am thankful, my Lord. Yet what you ask is something I cannot give." A couple came to the room, giggling and holding a bottle of some liquor. Amycus feared they would face the wrath of his Lord, but he was surprised again when he only commanded them to leave. Suddenly sober, they obeyed in silence. It left the three of them alone again but for the conversation at hand, Alecto didn't matter. "You denied me of my wishes, Carrow," Minister Riddle, the Dark Lord Amycus worshipped, spoke in a low voice. He began to circle Amycus, who felt a cold sweat forming on his forehead. He was prey. "Why? I offer you everything." Amycus didn't know what to answer. The man was offering him power and enemies, but it was not what Amycus wanted. His own wishes were arcane magic and the rush of fear in a muggle's blood whenever he played with them. "You offer me an honour I don't want, Minister. The man I followed promised to bring the purebloods to glory, though not with wealth and prestige but with magic. I followed you because you would free us from those who would have us hiding. Yet I return from a mission you gave me to find you hosting parties instead of commanding an army to conquer Europe, as you once wanted. That is why I don't accept. You are not the man I followed." His breathing was ragged when he stopped talking, and Minister Riddle was frozen. Only the shine in his eyes told him he was listening, angry at the result of his prodding. "You want the Dark Lord back?" Minister Riddle asked, taking out his wand from inside his robes. Amycus feared for his life –for Alecto's life– until he saw the Minister walk to the door and cross the aisle leading back to the ballroom. The music kept playing as the Dark Lord rampaged. It was a beautiful sight, one that had Amycus grinning. The green and red spells from his Lord's wand were too fast for the Aurors and Unspeakables. Those like Amycus, who had followed the man even when their own interests were set aside, shrieked with laughter and joined him in the thunderstorm of endless curses streaming from his wand. Their Lord was, at last, true to his promises. The music faded. The quartet laid dead, embracing their instruments. Amycus had known that last song too. Step to the dance of hope Of courtly wiles and pleasure As the star of the morn Shines brightly for the king