picture frame blew up next to them, he felt blood start to ooze from his already cut lip. 'How dare you try to smuggle her out with you!' Walburga's advances were coming dangerously fast now. 'Orion, he's taking her!' Sirius, frantically ducking and swerving, felt his heart stumble when his back hit the door, the handle digging into his skin. His mind whirled at what he was about to do, but with his mother's infuriated cries in front of him, her curses flying around him and his freedom now firmly behind him, he had no other choice. Walburga was raising her wand, getting ready for another attack, when Sirius quickly turned around and fumbled with the door handle. The air that hit his face almost made him let out a victory cry. He only caught a glimpse of the muggle world outside the Black family house before he let out a strangled cry, his legs almost gave way as he felt a ripping sort of pain jut along the back of his right leg. The last things he recognised before he was sucked into the tunnel of apparition was his mother's voice, disinheriting her eldest children, the pain in his leg that had him close to tears and the small, fragile, white and red girl in his arms, who had the tears that had threatened to spill from before come streaming down his cheeks. And then there was nothing … nothing but the sound of a family of birds in a close by tree and children laughing down the street. As soon as his head stopped spinning so violently he faced the modest two-storey house. 'James! James! James!' He screamed and screamed and screamed until the front door opened. James and Remus stood on the threshold. They were by his side in a heartbeat, Remus taking Lyra as Sirius fell. James grabbed Sirius by the arms before he had a chance to hit the cement. The Black twins were ushered inside and had barely made it two feet into the house before Mr and Mrs Potter were upon them. Dorea and Charlus were quickly to slip into their professional mindsets, they'd deal with the horror they both felt later. They ushered the teenagers into the lounge room, Sirius flung himself into the first chair he stumbled upon where Dorea quickly set to work stitching up his leg which was drenched in thick, dark blood. Sirius fidgeted, trying to get a better look at Lyra, who Remus had placed on the lounge, Charlus hovering over her, removing the scarf from her middle and almost balking when fresh blood spilled out over her already soaked shirt. 'Hold still, dear,' Dorea told Sirius firmly, holding Sirius to the chair with surprising strength. Sirius would've sat still like she asked if Charlus hadn't let out a strangled growl. 'That insidious bastard!' Sirius went to stand but yelped, his leg instantly collapsing under the pressure. Charlus had exposed Lyra's stomach, it was riddled with long, thick, impossibly deep cuts. 'What's wrong?' Dorea's voice was no longer firm but urgent. 'He's used Dark Magic on his own daughter!' Sirius caught James' eye. He had never seen his friend looking so scared, so unsure. He stood beside his kneeling mother looking from her, to Sirius, to his father, and back again. Remus however was fixed on one thing and one thing only. His grip on Lyra's hand visibly tightened as the young girl suddenly stirred and started screaming. A strangled cry that pierced Sirius like a twisting knife through the heart. 'Dorea! I need your help!' Charlus' yelled over Lyra's screaming. 'He's tricked it.' He told his wife as she appeared by his side, leaving Sirius stranded in the armchair. 'Every time I try to seal the wound it works itself deeper.' It took hours, hours for Dorea and Charlus, two fully grown wizards, an ex-Auror and an ex- Healer, to stifle the bleeding coming from the wounds across Lyra's stomach. It was a crude patch up job but the Dark Magic used by an even darker man was not easily undone. After every passing minute, Sirius felt the weight in his chest grow and grow and he was certain that if he just got to Lyra than it would go away. If he just got to his sister than this nightmare would be over, he'd wake up panting in his bed, slick with sweat, a pounding headache the only reminder of this nightmare. There were a number of things Sirius took careful note of in that unearthly long afternoon. He noticed every beat of his heart, how each one was like a warning that the next one would never come. He watched every breath his sister took, fearing the same warning was true for her. He flinched through every one of her long screams and registered his long sigh after each one had ended. He kept an eye on James who looked ready to faint at the sight of his bruised and bloodied and tortured friends, but whose eyes shone with undisguised admiration as he watched his parents work in complete harmony. And Sirius watched on as Remus gripped Lyra's hand, muttering for her to hold on, to hold on just a little longer. Remus never looked at anyone else throughout the whole ordeal. Later, when the candles of the house had been dimmed or doused, when James and Remus had retreated to the formers room, when Mr and Mrs Potter spoke in hushed voices behind closed doors, when Lyra's breathing had finally returned to deep, even inhales and exhales as she rested in a single bed in one of the Potter's guest bedrooms and when Sirius lay in the bed adjacent to hers, watching her chest rise and fall, he finally let out a long shuddering breath and cried himself into the silent black that he knew was only a brief respite from the harrowing future he and his sister were now destined to live.