I was referring to … neither was Madam Rosier that night, if my translation of the situation is to be relied upon.' Where Walburga's voice rose, Orion's voice was being drawn lower, like a bucket into the well of his formidable fury. 'Why is it that I always get the impression that everyone knows much more about my own blood than I?' Sirius heard Walburga scoff. 'You've never taken an active interest in her before. Why now?' Up till this moment Sirius had been merely curious, now his curiosity mixed with worry, water and oil starting to swirl in his chest. ' I am interested in what interests others. I am simply attempting to uncover what the Rosier's find so interesting in something I have hitherto dismissed.' There was a pregnant pause, Sirius wasn't sure if anyone on the other side of the door was breathing – he wasn't too sure he was breathing. 'What interests you about her, Walburga?' ' Other than the fact that she's my daughter?' Sirius was sure that Walburga had meant the question to be just as biting as her previous comments, but he could hear her waiver, even if it was the smallest possible amount. He tried not to scoff at the obviousness of the lie. ' You really think I am a simpleton, don't you?' Orion asked, his voice full of venom. 'I have heard the rumours, ever since they were born I have heard them. I chose to ignore them thus far because I have reassured myself that my wife could never be that foolish. She knows better than that, I told myself when I caught them whispering. She would never associate with the people required to be able to carry out what they've said you did. You would not taint our bloodline, a bloodline that has remained pure and strong for so many centuries, on such an irrevocable level.' Sirius heard the squeal of a chair leg being dragged across the wooden floor boards of his father's study and it took all his strength not to jump at the sudden noise. He took a half step closer to the door so that his cheek was almost pressed flush against it. ' Perhaps I have been wrong.' Orion's voice was almost at a whisper now. 'You've always been an ambitious woman, Walburga. At times so focussed are you on your goal that it flirts with the point of brutality. I have always admired this about you. But,' a short yelp was suddenly stifled and Sirius' hand instinctively flew to the door handle, 'if I have discovered that you have used this ability to turn this family into a magnet for ridicule and scandal, if that girl should be anything other than a disappointment, just like her brother, then …' ' Master Black should not be spying.' Sirius whirled around so fast he was momentarily dizzy. Kreacher stood not two meters from him, his wide eyes glowering up at him. Sirius moved toward him, 'Kreacher, wait . . .' But he was too slow. Kreacher popped out of sight before Sirius had the chance to take another step and the next second his scratchy voice was coming from the other side of the study door. Sirius didn't have time to turn and run back to his room before the door opened. Orion Black, in all his towering, twisted rage, glared daggers at his eldest son. Sirius jolted into awareness. The image of a clawing hand reaching for his throat burnt the insides of his eyelids. He jumped again when he realised that there was a figure kneeling at the side of his bed. Somehow, he knew who it was even in the dark and the moonlight. 'Did you get it?' James whispered. Sirius blinked, his mind – still reeling from his memories – was slow to realise what James meant. When the confusion lifted though, Sirius pointed to a dark mass on the floor next to the bed. It was the clothes he'd been wearing this afternoon, clothes that were now torn and bloodied beyond recognition. James scooped them up and handed them to Sirius. As carefully as he could – the muscles throughout his entire body seemed to be bathed in soreness and pain – Sirius found the back pocket of his jeans. He reached in and pulled out a folded piece of parchment. He laid back into his pillows, clutching the parchment like it was his only tether on life. 'Got it,' he said before closing his eyes, letting the darkness pull him away again. Okay, so this story is a rewrite of my other story LYRA. For anyone stumbling upon this for the first time, welcome! I came up with (a version of) this first chapter on a whim about a year ago and didn't really mean to continue with it, but I have and here we are. Each chapter will begin with a snippet from a much later chapter, feel free to try and decipher them and guess what/who they may be about. I know there are going to be some obvious AU moments – Sirius being disowned in seventh year for example instead of sixth ext. – but I do want to try and stick to cannon as much as possible (but we'll see how that turns out). I've got the first eleven chapters of this reworked version ready to go so I'll be updating weekly whilst I work on the remaining chapters before I start continuing on with the story past the previous seventeen chapters. If you used to follow LYRA please read this story as there are extra scenes that weren't in LYRA. Thanks if you've reached this far and I really am excited to continue with this story and one day click the completed button. Please leave any thoughts you may have and the next chapter will be up next week! Next chapter – We see just what was going on in Remus' head ;)