to attract any unwanted attention." Theo had dismounted and was scowling at a loose shoe on his mounts front foot Removing his wand, he tapped the horses foot and muttered "Inhaero est pes!" The shoe, now firmly in place Theo patted the horses neck and whispered 'There you go Brutus. Better now?' The big horse rubbed his head against Theo and nipped at his leg. "Hey Lu?" Theo asked, "I think we should send up the signal." Xander danced his red pony around Theos horse "Don't be a baby mate! This is the O.K. Corral! I say we go in wands blazing!" "You're an bloody wanker... the O.K. Corral ended badly,' Theo rolled his eyes and mounted his horse. "And would you please control that beast!" Xander laughed as Rooster pawed the ground and bounced on his front legs. "You and that dragon are a bloody menace!" Theo moved the big warmblood to stand quietly next to Antonin. Antonin was watching the hounds move around an old shed that was partially covered by vines. Spotting the Ravens first and then Walden, "Hey Lu." Quietly he nods to the left of the meadow. Walden now sits and watches at the edge of the woods, his Ravens circling the oak. When he spots the rest of the boys, he moves his pony back into thick trees and makes his way around to them. Lucius approached Walden he whispered, "Where is the rest of the party?" Walden shook his head "The pack must have drafted in the woods... They have something pinned down in an old shed just under that tree." Pointing to the large oak "I'll cast one of my birds and we can find the main field again." Walden made a trilling sound and a large raven landed gracefully on his arm," Huginn will find my father and bring him here and in the meantime... I say we check out what's gone to ground!" Walden grinned at Lucius, and without waiting for the other boy to respond. Walden pulled his wand and trotted his pony straight across the meadow and into the pack. "Bloody hell! Walden!" Lucius groans, "Walden wait! My Father will kill me!" Lucius pulled his wand and trotted after the larger boy. "Your father is going to kill us all anyway!" Xander added "We might as well go out with our boots on, just like John Wayne!" The red dragon Xander called a pony snorted and reared up. Xander let out a "YeeHaa!" and charged toward Walden. Lucius rolled his eyes at the other boy and headed after him. Theo quickly mounted "I'm with Xander! Let's go get this bastard!" Rabastan winked at his brother, His pony was dancing in anticipation "Yee Haa!" he called out and spun his pony, pushing him to full gallop after his friends. "I said no John Wayne today... no cowboy shite!" Rodolphus said through his teeth. "All of you get back here and wait for our fathers! I mean it, I'm not joking!" The other boys trotted their ponies past Rodolphus not even making eye contact with the older boy. "I am the oldest and you all need to listen to me... Are you listening to me? You pack of insolent brats!" Hissing in fury. "I'll be telling Father Rabastan! And it's Tally Ho not Yee Haw!" Rodolphus stood alone in the woods glaring at the backs of his friends. His bay pony pawed the ground and shook its head "Even you Jasper? Fine but I refuse to Yee Haw." With an exasperated sigh, he let his pony take off in pursuit of the others. Walden dismounted and ducked under the canopy of the tree. A tiny dilapidated shack, covered in wild roses was now surrounded by baying hounds. Walden waded through the hounds and could clearly see the scuff marks around the entrance. Indicating someone had recently opened the door. Rod was the last to pull up his pony. "If we're going to do this," he hissed at them "Then we need a plan of attack." "Right," Lucius pointed to Xander "To my left." Walden take down the door, the rest of you fan out and we'll let the hounds bum rush whoever is in there. "How's that Roddy?" "Like a half-arsed plan Lu." he smirked "But at least it's a plan." Lucius and Xander took up positions on each side of the door, wands drawn. Antonin, Theo and Rod fanned out behind Walden. Lucius gave Walden a signal and with one powerful kick the door crashed inwards. Clouds of dust billowed, and the hounds bolted through the entrance. Lucius slipped in the doorway and broke to the right. His eyes adjusting to the darkness, he could make out the top half of what looked like a cage and dark curly hair. Casting "Lumos!" He then called out "Walden get the hounds back!" Lucius rushed to the cage. Huddled in the corner of a small cage was a young girl, shackles on her wrists and ankles. Lucius pointed his wand at the padlock. "Alohomora" and the lock fell away. He ducked into the cage, tapped the shackles with his wand, and pulled out a terrified and filthy young witch. The moment Lucius touched her, he could feel her magic. Her clothing was torn, blood smeared on her thighs, bruises covered her body. Lucius removed the dirty rag that had been stuffed in her mouth. While Rodolphus held his flask of water to her cracked lips. He then wrapped his hunt coat around her and carried her outside. Rodolphus sat beneath the oak with the girl curled protectively in his arms, "My name's Rodolphus and this is Lucius. You're safe now, we'll take care of you." He brushed her hair from her face and looked into the most beautiful honey colored eyes he had ever seen. "Helen 'she whispered roughly "My name's Helen. Please you must get me away from here... we can't stay... they'll come back... we have to go now."