I doubt they would accept the excuse that I was here to comfort you, Gin." AS Harry started to get up from her bed, Ginny lunged forward and hugged him tightly. Harry, not used to spontaneous displays of affection, awkwardly returned it. "Thank you, Harry," she whispered into Harry's shoulder. "Uh . . . anytime . . . Gin, um . . . well . . . yeah, I should go," Harry stuttered, his serious demeanor gone. He got up, carrying his cloak, but as he reached the doors, he turned around. "If you ever need anyone to talk to about . . . well anything, I'll always be willing to listen. You are my friend after all." He threw his cloak over his shoulders and disappeared from sight. The Hospital Wing door opened and closed with a creak. Ginny slumped back against her pillow, letting out a slow sigh and closing her eyes. 'He considers me his friend, but all I've ever done is squeak and embarrass myself around him. Well no more of that, it's time for Harry Potter to know the real Ginny Weasley,' Ginny thought. 'Silly girl,' Tom's voice rose up in her head. 'He will never love someone as weak and pathetic as you.' 'I'll show you, Tom, you can't keep a Weasley down,' Ginny said, dismissing the memory. As she started to fall back to sleep, she sat bolt upright for a second. "Did he call me Gin?" she wondered aloud. "He called me by a nickname, but why?" Letting her mind study that, she drifted to sleep, her nightmares being held at bay by dreams of being closer to Harry. Dumbledore's Office Dumbledore was pacing back and forth in his office slowly, the night's events weighing heavily on his mind. Harry had come face to face with Voldemort for a second time in two years and had successfully delayed his return to power, and the old man had to admit he was proud of the way Harry had handled himself tonight. Fawkes let out a low trill as he passed by his stand. "Yes, my friend, it was a trying time for young Ginerva, but I suspect she will be more determined than ever," he chuckled. Fawkes let out another trill and Dumbledore was nodding sagely to it. "Harry is certainly growing into a fine young man, I wish he had more time for a childhood, but the prophecy seems to be determined that he and Tom should fight." That did bring up a worrying chain of thought. How had Tom possessed Miss Weasley with the diary? He had examined it for any trace of several old spells that allowed long distance possession, but he had found nothing on the remains of the diary. He highly doubted a memory could have caused all of this trouble, even though Dumbledore knew memories could destroy people. "What did you use, Tom?" he muttered, stopping at his desk and peering down at the diary again. The basilisk venom had completely destroyed any chance of discovering what the diary might have been, but Dumbledore had his suspicions. He was almost certain the diary had been something far more sinister, far more useful to Tom than a memory container, but what could it be. "Revelacion," he muttered and the diary seemed to glow black for a moment before returning to normal. "Too damaged to be sure, but Tom . . . why?" Dumbledore sighed sadly. It would explain everything, but he needed further proof that Tom had created a Horcrux, or, Merlin forbid, more than one. "Time will tell, my friend, time will tell," Dumbledore said to Fawkes, stroking his plumed head, and the phoenix let out a sorrowful note. Turning, Dumbledore walked to the window in his office and saw a small blur heading at high speeds toward the school. The blur quickly resolved into a bird and Dumbledore just barely opened the window as the bird swooped in and landed on his desk. He had never seen such a bird before in all his travels, the scarlet plumage on its head didn't seem to match its large gray and white body. The bird stuck its leg out and he removed the letter attached to it. The bird promptly took flight and soared out of the window, streaking away into the dark. "Who could have sent this?" Dumbledore wondered aloud as he opened the letter. He read the first line and the letter dropped from his hand to flutter to the floor. "After all these years, you're returning, old friend," he chuckled. The chuckle soon turned into full laughter as he realized things would definitely be changing in Britain then. Off the coast of Great Britain, near the port of Portsmouth "So that's Great Britain?" a young girl asked an older man. "Yes, that will be where we are staying for some time," he replied. "It looks positively lovely," a younger girl said happily. Her hair was pulled back by a flowered headband so it would cascade around her shoulders and bounce when she got excited, like now. "Plenty of history to read about, excellent," an even younger girl said, looking from up a book she was holding. "Don't you think of anything besides reading?" the bubbly girl asked. "Let me think . . . no, sister," the book-holding girl said sarcastically. The two young girls started bickering back and forth, as younger siblings are prone to do. Their older sister just sighed and looked up at the sky. 'What a beautiful night to gaze at the stars,' she thought to herself. The moonlight slid along the deck of the ship as it passed from behind a cloud. As it did it passed across the small party, and started to glint and gleam off a small stone hanging from the older girl's necklace. The sparkle continued even after the moon disappeared behind another wispy cloud, the stone hinting at mysteries and events that were about to unfold.