be one.' She coloured a little and took a sip of her coffee. 'Whoops –sorry about the pretending to be a stuffed shirt bit.' Remus tilted his head. 'Well obviously I'd have to pretend otherwise there would be endless hordes of fashionable young girls queuing up to douse me in cake…' She was regarding him with a quizzical expression. 'Would it surprise you to know that Elsa thinks you're tremendously hot?' 'it wouldn't surprise me: I would be astonished. She's only served me twice.' Tonks grinned. 'Elsa likes a thoughtful bookish man. She says you have kind, sensitive eyes and a beautiful voice and a killer smile. I may add she's in love with her boyfriend so don't think you're in or anything. And she would probably kill me for telling you all that.' He shrugged. 'Isn't there something a little queasy about the older man younger girl trope anyway? Why do people assume that men crave young flesh?' Tonks made a moue. 'Loads of men like older women too. It's the experience thing , isn't it? Not just physical. So you only date women your own age?' 'I don't date Tonks. I work in a bookshop, struggle to pay my rent and I review books pretending to be someone else. I'm not the world's most employable and women like prospects more than erudition. Not blaming them for that, by the way. Can we just talk about books, please? What's your favourite Blake poem? I love the Tiger and the one about the charity boys singing.' 'I like Auguries of Innocence. A robin redbreast in a cage puts all of nature in a rage. But why don't you date? And why aren't you employable? You could do anything you liked.' Tonks was frowning, her arms crossed. Remus sighed. 'I have a…a condition. I'm not well enough to work all the time and employers don't like that. ' He drained his coffee and pushed aside his cake plate. Tonks went pale as Remus pushed back his chair. 'I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to interrogate you like that. This bloody auror training.' He was standing up. She reached out and touched his arm. 'Please don't be angry with me…I'm like a big kid sometimes. I ask all these questions.' She was blushing and picking at a purple fingernail. 'I like you. I'd like to see you again. I've been insensitive today but now I know about your condition….' She dropped her voice. 'The scars. It was the full moon three days ago. You are really intelligent but you say you're unemployable. I think I know what condition you're talking about. I am so sorry for having interrupted your cheer up ritual. I am a complete idiot sometimes.' She stood up, reached up on her toes and kissed him gently on the cheek. 'Please forgive me. We've met before. I looked different. I was on a case and I had to find a rare spell book in Mulligan's. You served me; you were brilliant, so kind and patient and knowledgeable. It took an hour to track down a copy. I wanted to meet you again, Remus. I described you to Elsa and she told me that you come in here, usually early in the month.' Remus was staring at her. 'You were the old lady who wanted that banned Aleister Crowley spell book?' 'Yep. I thought the Somerset accent was good.' 'it was. You're good.' He sat down, nearly missing the chair. He was starting to wonder if Elsa had put something hallucinogenic in the coffee. 'So you've been hoping to find me? Why didn't you come into the bookshop and just talk to me?' 'I was on a case. It's not allowed. Remus, it sounds naff but I was thinking of starting a book club for wizards who also read muggle literature and I thought you'd help. I don't have much time off. I go to see the odd band and I go to pubs. I'd really like to have some people to talk to who see the point of reading. Maybe once every two months.' He took another spoonful of cake. 'I could help you with that. But you're an auror – can you be seen in the company of…someone like me?' 'I'm not prejudiced. You're not on the dark side, that's obvious. The attitudes to…what you have…they're just ignorance.' Remus smiled. 'I've never met anyone quite like you, Tonks.' 'A cake-hurling foot in the mouth type, you mean?' 'Now you're feeling sorry for yourself. Which I should be now I know you only want me for my book learning.' She waggled her spoon at him. 'What else would you want me to want you for, Remus?' 'Nothing else, Nothing else at all. By the way, did Elsa really say all those things about me or were you just flattering me to further your nefarious book club plot?' ' Elsa didn't say those things, no. But I wasn't buttering you up either.' She was licking her spoon. 'Can you knock off the Lolita impersonation? You wouldn't do that in your reading circle, would you?' 'I don't know, Humbert…whoops, REMUS. It might be just right for some kind of book clubs. But I'm not planning that kind, never fear. ' 'So did anyone say those ridiculous things about me?' 'Someone thinks those things about you. And they're not ridiculous. But I'm a good friend so I wouldn't tell you who it really was.' She got up. 'Where are you going?' 'I think that we should share the last piece of that cake. It's a small one so don't protest.' Remus watched Tonks bounce up to the counter and wondered if his blood pressure was going to return to normal within the next hour. What had he got himself into? He could feel his inner Marauder wriggling and stretching to be free. Outside the sky was igniting, a sunset as vivid and incongruous as the pink spikes surrounding his new friend's face.