stay with Hermione, who is already at headquarters where Sirius is." Hedwig gave a hoot and an affection nip to Harry's finger then flew out of the open window after the letters were secure. Harry watched her go and let out a sigh of relief as she noted Hedwig had nipped her finger like was custom with them, which meant she had no problem with her Mistress instead of Master. Harry supposed her now being female might even make Hedwig more comfortable then she was before, who knew. Harry watched until Hedwig was out of sight before reaching over to close the window for the last time. She then gathered her ink and quill, put them back into her trunk before closing the lid, replaced the locking charm, before she shrank it down again. She picked it up and put it back inside of her hoody pocket for safekeeping. She patted her pocket, making double certain it was secure and would not fall out during her journey to The Leaky Cauldron, knowing exactly how rough riding on The Knights bus could be. Lastly, she bent down, lifted the loose floorboard and checked that she had not left anything behind. Once satisfied that she had not, she cancelled the silencing charm in the room, yet not the one she had placed on her feet, in fact she recast it making it stronger. She then took hold of her hair, lifted the hood and tucked all of it inside and pulled it over her head, leaving a few long strands to hang loosely in front of her. She finally took one last look around the room before turning and exiting out the door, quietly closing it behind her for the final time. She moved along the landing, whispering the counter charm to the silencing charm she had cast earlier, doing the same with the stairs once she reached the bottom. She let out a sigh, glad step one was completed, step two write note for bastard good for nothing relatives. She quickly found a muggle pen and paper near the phone in the hallway on the side table. She took the pen, put it to paper, and started to write. The note that supposed to be quick and to the point turned into a page long letter of everything she had ever thought or had wanted to say about or to her relatives. What better opportunity than now, she was leaving, planning never to set her eyes on that disgusting and classless snob of a family again? To my piss poor excuse for relatives I am leaving now and do not worry I have not left anything behind for either one of you to destroy out of petty spite. I made double sure to check and made certain nothing could be left for me have to come and collect. It will almost seem like I never slept in that room, Dudley can have it back to put all kinds of crap under the sun in there if he wishes. I am now seventeen and in my world considered of age. I can do magic legally wherever and whenever I please, which is a good thing for you three that I will not be around to test some of my favourites on you. I will not be back if I have any say in the matter or can help it. There are so many things that I have thought about or wanted to say to you all over the years, no better time than the present I suppose. You have gone out your way at every turn to make the years I have spent underneath this roof a living hell, congratulations. Whoever will you get to clean house and cook the meals and slave after you all, perhaps you will have to get your boney finger out of your ass Aunt Petunia or try asking those fat bastards of a husband and son of yours to get off of their fat asses and help for a change. I doubt you would hire a cook, cleaner or gardener, hell no one would ever be able to work to your impossible standards, nor could you truly afford it either. Despite what you may think you and your husband are not high class but in fact snobs with not a single classy bone in either of your bodies combined. You act and pretend to be something, which not only are you not but also could never accomplish, not truly. Oh, and just so that we are clear, my parents had a hell of a lot more class in their little fingers then the pair of you have or ever will have in your entire bodies combined. Your reluctant Nephew Harry James Potter She put the pen down and moved the paper closer to the phone so one of her relatives will easily enough find it. She then turned towards the front door, not once looking back as she opened it and stepped out of it, having no need or want to look back. She looked around after closing the door as quietly as possible behind her and noted the street was still dark, understandable considering after all it was only half past two in the morning. As she walked away from number four Private Drive for the final time, or what she had honestly thought to be the last, was unaware that her Aunt heard the front door open and close. She stood looking out of the corner of the curtain of the window of her and Vernon's bedroom. She watched as her Nephew walked away into the night, knowing somehow that he was not just going for a very early morning stroll. No, she knew he was finally going for good and good riddance to freaks she thought sourly. If only she knew just how enraged she and Vernon would be when they found their Nephew's letter of colourful home truths later on that morning.