equal powering source, in this case the taking of one soul, which considering both his parents died before him was quite possible yet all of the rune experts of the wizarding world were clueless about the possibility. Harry had vowed to do more research into runes and such. Harry politely said that he didn't remember anything as he was but a baby at the time and the awkward silence returned. A bushy haired girl burst into their cabin, interrupting Harry's musing. "Have you seen a toad, Neville's lost one." She said in a rush. "No, but you could ask one of the older students to summon the toad." Harry suggested. Harry had practised a lot of spells but the summoning spell was 4th year, and quite a bit further than he had tried, though he knew the incantation. "Oh, I didn't think of that, thanks!" the girl said and left. "Mental, that one." Ron said rudely. "She was only helping this Neville fellow." Harry defended her, lightly. "Probably Neville Longbottom, the squib." Ron snorted unattractively. Harry frowned lightly. "If Neville were a squib, he wouldn't be on the Express going to a school of Wizardry." Ron rolled his eyes. Harry found himself quite disliking Ron and his rude tendency to talk shit about people he didn't know. Harry pulled out his book and started reading. "Why're you reading?" Ron asked incredulously. Harry looked over his book. "To gain knowledge." Harry said, politely. "But! But! You're Harry Potter, you can't be bookish!" Ron almost shouted. Harry's expression hardened a bit and he looked back at his book. He really didn't like the redhead Weasley. *** Hogwarts With the rest of the students, Harry took the boats to Hogwarts. He nodded politely at McG while she was giving her 'House is family' speech. He ignored Ron's exclamation that they would have to fight a troll. He clapped after the hat's song and waited his turn, not showing any of the nervousness he was feeling about the sorting. "Potter, Harry." Called out McG. Harry stepped forward confidently and walked up to the podium, ignoring Draco's 'you didn't tell me you were the Harry Potter!' Harry sat on the stool and let the hat be put on his head, feeling nervous. He really disliked the idea of the hat being able to see all his memories. "Oho ho, what do we have here! You'd be an amazing Slytherin…" the hat spoke in his head. Harry agreed himself but he couldn't let himself be perceived as a 'filthy snake' by the rest of the school. "You do know that that is even more reason to put you in Slytherin." The Hat sounded amused. "I will be in Gryffindor." Harry thought back. "Very well…" The hat sighed. "If you must then GRYFFINDOR!" the last word was shouted out. Harry took off the hat and headed to the table which was dressed up in red and had two more red-heads shouting about how they got Potter and noted that Draco was looking disappointed at his sorted and a little disgusted. Harry sat down next to Hermione, the bushy haired girl from the train, who started rattling off what the books said about Harry. Harry smiled lightly. "The books about me are all false." Hermione looked almost comically enraged. "But books are always right!" she shouted. Harry smiled. "Who was there to witness what actually happened that night." Hermione frowned and fell into the trap, "You and Voldemort." Harry inwardly laughed at all the flinches that people gave at Voldy's name. "I can assure you that I've never given an interview and Voldemort is dead, so where does your book get its facts from?" Hermione looked extremely stunned. "I-I…" Harry smiled lightly at her, "Just something to think about." *** Next Day Harry woke up early at 5 am, and had a quick bath before returning and reading some more, practising some late 1st year spells till 6:30-ish, when some other boys in the dorm started to stir. Harry headed down to breakfast early and had a quick and light breakfast before taking out his book on an art known as Occlumency and started reading. He received his timetable, along with incredulous books from Ron, for reading a book and he went to his first class, Transfiguration with McG. He got to class, barely on time and waited for McG to arrive before noticing a cat next to McG's table and remembered that she was a cat animagus. Harry winked at the cat, who stared at Harry. Ron and another boy from Harry's dorm, Seamus, landed up late for class. McG transformed from the cat into herself and got a few screams and surprised looks. She lectured them for a while before giving them a matchstick and telling them the incantation to turn it into a needle. Harry took and deep breath and performed the transfiguration, pushing his magic into his wand, magnifying it and saying the incantation and imagining the needle he wanted, intricate and silver. It took a long second, but the matchstick turned into a needle with a soft pop. McG swept over to Harry. "5 points to Gryffindor, Mr. Potter, amazing needle, first try too! 5 more points because of the intricacy." McG just got back to the front of the class, as Hermione managed to finish her transfiguration. "Ms. Granger's done it too! 5 more points to Gryffindor." McG said pleased that 2 people had completed the complex transfiguration in such quick succession. Harry worked on trying to make his transfiguration more intricate. He tried to engrave a pattern into his needle and managed, though he began to start sweating. McG picked up the engraved needle, admiring the pretty if simple pattern on the small needle. "Good job, Mr. Potter, but remember not to exhaust yourself." *** End of Chapter An: 3k words! Anyway, I hope you enjoy the first chapter of whatever I decide to name this. Also, 3k words! Px5 out.