'Oh, yeah. Ha. I'd forgotten about that. Anyway, before that I was with Emmeline Vance dancing and then - ugh, Merlin. And then Black stumbles over and starts necking off with her , so I go over get another drink and Lupin is there and you know I've always had a boner for him, okay? And Regulus Black, actually. Even if he is a prick. Even when I had that thing with Fabian. Sorry! So he's drunk and he looked good last year, he's gotten fit . I mean, have you seen him today? The fuck happened? Right - sorry. Anyway we somehow ended up half way up the boys staircase in Gryffindor Tower and he was breathing really hard and his eyes were all dark and I touched a scar on his face and he just fucking attacked me. I've never been kissed like that - oh, shut up! Me and you were practically babies. And then I told him...I told him I'd wanted to fuck him bad for ages and then Sirius Black stumbled into us and I ran'. I shake my head. 'He's seen me. Weak'. Brant blinks. ' That's why you're so mortified?' I kick his shin. 'I am not mortified. I don't get mortified. I'm annoyed because now he's looking at me like he's seen me all gooey and girly and drunk and I'm Lola Leola and that doesn't happen to me. He's so fucking smug,' I grit the words out through clenched teeth. 'And I bet he's told the lot of them. The Marauders . Stupid bloody name'. 'I forgot what a freak you are with guys. Do you hate them all?' 'Fuck you,' I say, affronted. 'He's looking at you'. My head snaps in Lupin's direction, only to find he has his wand out and is paying far more attention to something down the corridor than to me. Black is doing a funny little dance as he stares at whatever the hell Lupin is doing. Brant snorts. 'Jesus. You fancy him'. 'I do not. I barely know him'. 'Okay then, you wanna screw him'. He cocks a brow, arms crossed. I blink. 'Shut it'. 'What are you guys talking about?' Charlie pipes up, wide blue eyes looking at me in interest. I pat his arm and shake my head, telling him it's nothing. After he goes back to chatting away with Elliot, I turn back to Brant. 'You breathe a word of this to anyone and I'll kill you'. 'Rude'. 'I'm serious'. He rolls his eyes and reaches into his pocket for his wand. As he begins twiddling it between his fingers with grace, I glance secretly at the boys outside of our compartment. 'Endrew and Edith don't give a shit about your love life, Lola. Where are they, anyway?' I straighten up and blink, thinking of the letter I had sent to the two Ravenclaw twins. 'Oh, bugger. I told them we'd find them. Whoops'. Brant sighs in annoyance. 'What? You're the brains, not me. We'll go in a second, when-' I cut myself off at catching the deadpan look that Brant is sending me. I suddenly feel dumb. 'When the bumbling band of fuck-boys leaves? I thought you said you weren't embarrassed, Lola Leola-?' 'I'm not! Merlin, you're such a dick. Let's go then'. I grab my bag as I stand, telling my brother that I will see him at the Sorting. 'Just look for me okay? I'll be at the table with the sour faced pale people. You'll be fine'. I pinch his cheek and and roll my eyes at Brant. 'Should we start at the front or the back of the train?' 'Front. Maybe we can catch the food trolley'. 'Okay. Nice to meet you, Elliot'. I yank open the door with perhaps a little more ferocity than was needed. Black's grey eyes snap to my face and he smirks, catching Pettigrew's gaze before they both waggle their eyebrows at Lupin. 'Subtle,' I mutter, annoyed. Black smirks. Lupin stares stoically at me, arms crossed. I'm thankful for Brant's towering form behind me, his warmth close to my back. 'Can you move, please?' I say to Lupin, face blank and eyebrow raised. 'We need to go that way'. I'm suddenly stupidly annoyed at him for telling Black, Potter and Pettigrew about my embarrassing and dirty drunk confession. I mean, of course he would. I'd tell Brant, Endrew and Edith. But still, fuck him. ...I wish. His eyes flash to Brant before looking back to me. His jaw twitches. He shrugs and pushes himself aside. 'Sure'. Bored amber eyes travel to Black and Pettigrew, both of whom are play fighting with each other. I almost smile when I see Lupin grimace at them. 'We should probably go find Prongs, guys. Lily has probably hexed him a good fifty times by now'. He's got a nice voice. Why does he have to have a nice voice? I'm a sucker for a deep voice - I push past him but, hey ho, my shoelace was untied! Why the fuck wouldn't it be tied? Luck is just shitting all over me today. I stumble and straighten myself quickly, but not before Lupin's hand comes out to steady me, warm and big and right on my bicep and those honey eyes are boring into mine and- I push away from him and blink with a quick nod. Go you, Lola. 'Thanks'. Brant snorts. Black smirks Pettigrew stares at his own hand in interest. And Lupin looks at me with those bloody eyes and I know that Brant was bloody right, the stupid bloody Ravenclaw know-it-all. I fancy Remus Lupin and I want to screw the daylights out of him. I've never written anything like this before - I'm normally pretty subtle with my dirtiness in fics. I started writing a marauders fanfiction a good two years, but it never quite flowed right. I love Lola and I hope you like her too so yeeeeah. Review!