they'll more likely believe it without applying the suspicion they would apply to things others tell them. They'll probably figure out that the doctors have taken unbreakable vows not to disclose their methods. They'll see that Hogwarts obtained a large herd of unicorns just before the hospital opened. They'll know that unicorn blood can keep someone alive regardless of their condition. And therefore, they'll conclude that the hospital is using a potion or ritual based around unicorn blood. Anyone who wants the healing ability for themselves will likely start obtaining unicorns for their own research and researching everything our doctors have written. They'll have no reason at all to believe there will be anything in the hospital that can help them; no one would go to the trouble of making the doctors take vows and then leaving instructions laying around where someone could steal them." "We'll have to regularly scan for espionage devices, though. The easiest attack on that setup would be to record and watch the procedure", Moody corrected. "I think I need Ravenclaw's Diadem to follow this." McGonagall said. "Ravenclaw's what?" Harry asked. "It's a magical device said to make the wearer smarter, rivaling Rowena herself", Hermione contributed. "We should probably be using that for hospital security and international politics and stuff. Who has it?" "It's been lost for centuries. And it's probably better that way. Some... side-effects are also part of the legends", McGonagall added. "Does the ministry or Wizengamot have anyone looking for it?", Harry asked. "Usable or not, we at least have an interest in making sure no one uses it against us. Imagine how bad things would have been if Voldemort had found such a thing." "The Department of Mysteries searches for and collects such things", Bones replied. "Do you think the artifact you just learned about should be a higher priority than everything else on their lists." Harry smiled at the obviously rhetorical query, "I could use a new hobby. Sending people on mysterious and possibly dangerous quests could be fun." As the meeting concluded, Bones subtly caught Harry's attention. As Moody exited via the floo, she followed Harry and Hermione out the door, almost running into a figure pulling back the hood of an invisibility cloak. It was Harry, naturally. "You're using a time-turner to talk to me, too? I trust these people. I don't enjoy lying to them", she stated angrily. "Neither do I, but it's necessary. If everything goes well, we'll be able to tell them everything at the next meeting." Pomona Sprout walked briskly toward the great hall, eager to start the day. She had returned to Hogwarts yesterday, after spending a few weeks visiting the magical botanical gardens outside Berlin with her counterpart from Beauxbatons. The director had given them a personal tour, appreciating the chance to talk to people who were equally knowledgeable. The two professors had left with magical pouches straining to hold the seeds and seedlings they had been given and had promised to send various plants and magical horticultural tools back to Germany. The first thing she had to do was find a long-term home for the mandrakes to grow, where they would be healthy and where they wouldn't pose a danger to anyone. She had reached her seat and began filling her plate with breakfast when a black owl flew into the hall. With a single glance, the bird of prey scanned the room and locked onto its target. It glided straight at Sprout, leveling out just above the height of the table. The owl released the package, made a tight turn, and exited the hall without a single moment of hesitation or even a single flap of its wings. Meanwhile the package slid across the table, stopping just short of Sprout's plate. She removed the letter from the top of the package and began reading: "To Pomona Sprout, Head of House Hufflepuff, I recently received the enclosed object as part of an inheritance. I don't know how my family obtained it, and honestly I don't want to know, but I believe it rightly belongs at Hogwarts and am therefore returning it. Also, I regret to tell you that the object has been corrupted; some form of dark magic has been inflicted on it. I haven't been able to identify the spell used, so while I haven't noticed adverse effects, one should still take every precaution with it. Any auror, or even most wizards, would probably recommend that it be destroyed, but I can't bear to think about such a priceless artifact, an important piece of Hogwarts' history, and a symbol of House Hufflepuff, being so casually thrown away. I know that you, of all people, will agree, and will be willing to expend the effort to find an alternative. Also, being a professor at one of the world's premier magical institutions, I know you'll be up to the challenge of dealing with this problem. You should have no trouble identifying the magic that was used and finding the appropriate counter-charms to restore this artifact to its intended state. As most people probably won't understand the importance of cleansing, rather than destroying, this artifact, I recommend against letting anyone know you have it, unless they have earned your absolute confidence. Sincerely, Humphrey Huff" Sprout pulled back the outer covering of the package to peek inside and utterly failed to hide her astonished gasp: someone had just mailed her the long lost Cup of Helga Hufflepuff. Having lost her appetite, she gathered her things and hurried out of the hall. Sprout decided to just leave the mandrakes in their travel pots in the main greenhouse for now. They would be too young to hurt anyone for several months, and she didn't have to worry about anyone doing anything stupid in the greenhouses during the summer anyway. They would need to be replanted in a few months... maybe that would be a good lesson for her students anyway. She had a more important project now.