mind, showing you how you are connected to the person you are sired to. And the ring, which you can somehow not remove. Just like you somehow can not remember the name of the person who turned you, even if it should, theoretically, be visible to you through this link." I nodded briefly, before I continued. "I don't know how I was turned into a vampire, but we've both reached the conclusion that it's not because I don't remember , but because I've been forced to forget. And we have both also reached the conclusion that she can, most probably, do this because she is my Sire. And tonight-" "Tonight, you have become Voldemort's sire," Dumbledore continued for me. I sighed deeply, just nodding instead of answering. Dumbledore sat there for a while, then stood up, looking at Snape. "Severus, I will need you to find out how this has affected Tom. If he shows signs of possessing the abilities which Harry's 'species' does, then we may be in deep trouble." "But you don't think so," Snape responded quickly. "No, no I do not. Harry, in his first days of vampirism, was very... out of control. A bit wild." Snape outright laughed at that. "A bit wild? The boy killed his caretaker, Vernon, by sucking him dry and then ripped out his son's arm." "It was an accident," I replied hotly. "Oh yes, of course. Nowadays, you're much more elegant and precise when you're killing people, like Barty Crouch Junior's dismembered head has proven." "Barty Crouch Junior?" I muttered. The guy I'd killed, I was fairly sure, was Moody. Or was it? Dumbledore sighed deeply, interrupting us. "I believe Voldemort has not inherited Harry's abilities because this is, I think, not how vampires like Harry are usually turned. But we must hope that he has inherited none of the strengths, but at least one of the weaknesses. Harry, as soon as you are back at Hogwarts, we will attempt to find out how, exactly, you have been compelled, all those years ago, and we will try to replicate it, with you and Voldemort." "You mean you want me to control Voldemort?" "We will certainly try," Dumbledore replied, an easy smile on his face. "Now," he continued, "Let's talk about what you did to Barty Crouch Junior." [•• lb ••] "He just let it go?" Hannah asked. I shrugged, but Susan had already come up with a far better explanation. "It's not that. Harry has always been valuable to Dumbledore, and now , that Voldemort is back, even more so. That, coupled with the fact that even though it's a pretty cheap excuse, Harry didn't actually, really have a choice but to kill Crouch, results in Dumbledore's leniency." "That's a little disturbing though, isn't it?" Hannah asked. I shook my head a little. "I've always thought that the way people perceive Dumbledore was incredibly shallow. The guy is a god amongst men – he's been through war and death and betrayal, he's led armies, and you expect him to be nothing but virtuous?" "Well, no, but-" "Regardless of Hannah's frankly boring opinion on the subject matter-" Susan ignored the outcry from Hannah, "We should talk about the fact that Fudge seems incredibly hesitant to take stance on Voldemort's return. Aunt Amelia says that isn't a good sign." I just shrugged again, feeling too exhausted to care. "We'll handle it when the time comes, I guess." "Your eyes are on my shoulders again, Harry." "Yeah." Susan just shook her head in exasperation, letting her shirt slip a little. Just enough for me to sink my fangs into. It made her moan a little. "By the way, Aunt Amelia also mentioned that the Wizengamot is thinking about naming you the 'British Youth Representative to the Wizengamot', whatever that is. Apparently, Dumbledore held the posi-" "Have I ever mentioned how perverse that is?" Hannah interrupted. "Yeah. You do that like, every time." Susan responded. "And for good reason," Hannah commented. I just ignored them as I brought my left hand into Susan's shirt, easily opening her bra after I let my fairly cold hands tease her stomach a little. Then, easily grabbing her tits, I let the cold ring circle her nipples, which heightened the volume of her moans, by a lot. Grabbing her face with my other hand, I lazily licked along her cheeks as I led my left hand into her skirt and panties. "Seriously? Right now?" I ignored Hannah, just like Susan did as soon as the first finger slowly slid inside her. Then the second, setting an agonizingly slow pace as I kissed her neck, her shoulders, her cheeks, over and over again. When my fingers were wet enough from her slick, tight walls, I pulled them out with a plop, stuffing them into her mouth just as quickly. Susan smiled lazily as she took them both into her mouth, sucking and licking on them as she leaned back against the bed. I heard Hannah sigh as she settled on the bed behind me, her hands circling my waist as she pulled out my cock, already fairly hard. Her head settling on my shoulders, she stroked me a few times, just enough for me to get hard. Then, bringing her hands to her mouth, she licked on each of her digits, one after the other, before she got back to stroking me, getting my dick not only hard, but wet as well. Then, after a few more strokes, which gave Susan the time to pull aside her panties, I settled on top of her and just sank in. Hannah, lying down next to Susan, had already taken off her top, so I sank my fangs into her shoulders while I slowly slid in and out of Susan. "Isn't your aunt at home?" Susan asked then. Briefly letting go of Hannah's shoulder, I responded. "Yeah, but what's she gonna do? Tell them her vampire-wizard-hybrid-freak-nephew is having an unholy pagan witch threesome?"