When she didn't immediately recoil in disgust, he rested his palm more firmly. "I thought it was obvious, Granger. If I had hair like that-" He playfully tugged at a stray curl. "- I wouldn't give it away for all the wealth in the world. I think it does you justice. Long, wild and nothing short of beautiful… just the way I like it. Haven't you realised it yet?" His question caused her to glare at him in annoyed exasperation but he didn't stop talking. Personally, though, he sure was glad looks couldn't kill, or he would definitely be six feet under. "And people call you the Brightest Witch of our Age. Hasn't anyone told you that boys pull the ponytails of the girls they like?" "What are you trying to pull, Malfoy? Is this some kind of trick and are your slimy Slytherin friends going to jump out from behind a wall and go 'April Fool, Mudblood' , or something?" Eyes sparkling in amusement, Draco let out a genuine laugh and tugged on her arm to pull her closer. "You still don't get it, do you? I'm going to have to spell it out for you, aren't I? I met you, you met me. I bullied you, you punched me. I pulled on your ponytails, you yelled at me. We grew up, and I saw you for the first time. I fell in love." He paused to let his sentence sink in. "Need I clarify it further for you, Granger?" "If… if what you're saying is true, Malfoy, then you have a very strange way of showing your affections." Hermione stammered. "Love has no particular language, Granger." He paused for a moment, then carried on. "I fancy you, Hermione, more than I have the courage to admit. Have, since, probably third year when you punched me. I can't be too sure, though, it's all a blur." "Why didn't you say so before, Malfoy?" Hermione asked, looking deep into his eyes. "Well, I thought you'd have figured it out by now. Besides, I was afraid you'd sock me and land me permanently in St. Mungo's. Still am." He admitted sheepishly but then thought – what the ruddy hell. I may as well just do it . Taking a deep breath, he threw caution to the wind, and gently claimed her lips, moving his own tenderly against hers. His heart soared when she mirrored his actions, albeit with some trepidation. "Be my girlfriend." Although he didn't phrase it as a question, she knew he was asking – no, pleading – her to agree to his request. Moving away from him, she smiled shyly. "Of course." His response to her agreement was to brighten up like a sulky child taken to a candy shop and told to buy anything and in any quantity he so wished. His smirk came back with a vengeance. "Just promise me you'll leave your hair alone. I adore it too much to let you chop it off, even though it looks like you stuck your finger in that muggle plug socket thingy with the button on." She actually growled at his words. "DRACO MALFOY!" *.*.*.*.* Three years later – The Great Hall "May I have this dance, M' Lady?" He asked, holding his hand out for her to take, and offering her a gracious bow. "Oh, but of course, kind sir. How can I refuse?" Grasping his hand, she allowed him to lead her to the middle of the Great Hall for their first dance as a wedded couple. Falling into rhythm easily, they twirled and swayed in time with the music, smiling goofily at each other, both wondering just what they'd done to be blessed enough to have found one another. "You look exquisite, Hermione." He said. "And that wild mane of yours just takes the cherry on the cake." "You don't look bad, yourself, Draco." Hermione smiled. "Although, I think your looks will not protect your sorry arse from Ginny's wrath. You may be in danger of being murdered in your bed tonight. Ginny was incensed when I told her I didn't want her to do anything to my hair, you know, try to tame it, and just tie it in a chignon or something. Her anger soon directed towards you when I told her you'd prefer it this way. Even Harry may not be able to rein her in this time, and he's her fiancée." Draco chuckled. "I don't think the Maid of Honour would kill the bride's husband, do you? May be I can convince Blaise to keep her occupied with dancing. He is my Best Man and could keep dancing with her throughout the ceremony. If that doesn't work, I'm positive my formidable wife would be sorely tempted to help her husband out here. " Hermione rolled her eyes at him but grinned, nonetheless. She caught her ex-Headmistress' eye and smiled. "Minerva would be ecstatic that her plan for inter-house unity worked wonders. What with all the inter-house relationships - Ron and Pansy, Blaise and Luna, Neville and Hannah and you and me. And she did allow us to host our wedding reception here, at Hogwarts." Draco nuzzled her nose with his, not caring if anyone thought he was going soft (HE WASN'T!). "I fancy you, Hermione Malfoy." "I fancy you, too, Draco." Hermione grinned, but it quickly turned into a scowl at his next words. "Please promise me your hair won't try to strangle or choke me to death in the middle of the night, love." "Draco Malfoy! I swear to Merlin I will…!" And there we go again… THE END. Does Draco seem overly out of character? Would his obsession with Hermione's hair ever fade? What are your thoughts on him? A special thanks to everyone who stuck with these two till the very end. Hope you enjoyed it and let me know your thoughts on this little fic. Please review.. they keep me on my toes! Mischief Managed, QuillDragon23746.