her throat before trying again. "I'm ready, Sirius. I want you." His eyes shot back open and he searched her face for sincerity. He must have found it because he kissed her deeply before gathering her up and laying her back on the cushioned tabletop. Biting her lip in anticipation, she watched him crawl up her body, settling himself between her legs. She gasped as his firm length pressed against her, and responded by cradling his hips with her own, drawing her knees up on either side of him to improve their angle of contact. Stifling his own muted gasp, Sirius smoothed her hair back from her forehead as he subtly shifted his weight, aligning his tip with her entrance. His lips descended upon hers as he carefully sheathed himself inside of her. Her breath caught in her throat as he met resistance, and his movements stilled. "All right, love?" Nodding, she said, "Yes. It doesn't hurt exactly, but it's a little uncomfortable." "Take all the time you need. I won't move again until you're ready, okay?" he whispered hoarsely, stroking her cheek with his thumb. "Thank you." She smiled. "Will you just kiss me for a moment, while I adjust to you?" He happily complied, teasing her lips open with his tongue and claiming her mouth with his. It didn't take long for her body to relax against his, lost in the pleasurable sensations he was giving her, and begin to want more again. Her hips started to slowly move against his, seeking friction, and soon they had found a tentative rhythm between their bodies. She broke their kiss to throw her head back in mounting ecstasy, gasping out, "You feel so bloody amazing… I've never felt so full, or so- Oh!" her words broke off as he pushed a little deeper into her and his pelvis ground against her clitoris. "Is this what you wanted, you beautiful creature?" he rasped, repeating the movement that had rendered her speechless. She answered him with a low moan. "You look like a goddess, spread beneath me like this." He thrust into her again. "I may be an old man, but I still know how to give worship." His finger slipped between her lips, and she sucked it into her mouth as he moved above her. "I know how to lay myself at your altar and show you what this means to me." He pounded into her harder. "Can you feel my gratitude?" "Yes!" she moaned around his finger, writhing under him. "Sirius, oh god, yes…" Her words trailed off into a murmur of unintelligible syllables as her climax crashed over her like a tidal wave. He pumped into her a few more times before finding his own release, and he collapsed, supporting his weight by bracing his forearms on either side of her face as he captured her mouth in one last searing kiss. Several moments later, as they tried to catch their breath, he rolled off to the side, taking her with him and nestling her under his arm and against his chest. "Wow," she laughed, shifting to look up into his face. "That was… unbelievable." "It was good for you?" He made it into a question. He almost sounded doubtful, as if he were insecure in his performance. "It was bloody fantastic," she grinned. "Better than ever I hoped for." He grinned back at her, sweeping her hair behind her ear with his nimble fingers. "Good. Once upon a time, I had confidence- too much of it, honestly -in my skills as a lover, but I haven't been with a woman in many years… I wasn't sure I still had what it takes," he admitted. "You've still got it," she assured him. "Maybe you're not a young boy anymore, but you're no old man either. And frankly, I'm glad for your experience. I doubt that someone my age could have given me… that," she said with a giggle. "You've truly made me feel young again. I know you came to me tonight to feel alive, and I hope that it worked, but I had no idea that I needed the same thing. You've given me something really beautiful tonight, Hermione. Thank you." He pressed a kiss to her forehead. She rose, propping herself up on an elbow. "And thank you , Sirius Black. I guess we were just what the other needed." She leaned forward to kiss him on the lips before sitting up on the table. "Except…" "Except what, love?" he asked, still tracing patterns down her bare back. "Except I wouldn't mind trying that jasmine tea of yours, after all," she said with a cheeky grin, scooting to the edge of the table and hopping off to put the kettle back on. She cast a glance over her shoulder, still smiling. "Want some?" He sat up, returning her grin. "I would love some." xXx The next morning at breakfast, as Harry, Ron, and Hermione prepared to infiltrate the Ministry, Hermione seemed lighter than she had in a long time, which was odd, considering the mission they were about to undertake. Ron didn't notice, but Harry did, and he wondered if it had anything to do with the discreet glances that his godfather kept shooting toward Hermione. "Tea?" Sirius asked, removing the kettle from the stovetop and pulling some mugs from the cupboard. Harry nodded and Ron grunted in confirmation, but Hermione beamed up at Sirius. "Yes, please. Jasmine, if there's any left." "Coming right up," said Sirius, returning her look with a blushing smile that Harry was sure he had never seen grace the older man's features. Huh . It wasn't something that he wanted to think about too hard, given Harry's relationships to the people in question, but happiness was hard to come by these days. If two people that he loved could somehow find a little bit of it in each other, then he could hardly object to it, now could he? xXx The End.