were shed one by one, barely sounding as they fell on the ground. Fred's lips took their sweet time as they traveled across her body, tasting every part of her that she had to offer. She moaned as they roamed her neck, her shoulders, her arms, and kissed each of her fingers before moving back up. He kissed her clavicle and into her chest before he paid attention to her breasts. He took a mound into his hand, appreciating the weight of it as his lips wrapped around the nipple of her other breast. Her cry into the silent room was no louder than a mouse's squeak, but it sounded loudly in his ears. His tongue left his mouth to tickle her nipple, her body squirming and arching into him, pushing more of her into his warmth. Her body tingled from her peaks, to her neck, and throughout her continued to suckle her at her breast until she was a writhing mess beneath him before transferring the same attentions to her other mound. The slow torture drove Hermione mad with need. Her legs wrapped around his waist as she pushed her hips forward to try to find some relief but his free hand held her firmly in place. Fred was far from done with paying worship to her body as his mouth finally left her chest and traversed downward. His lips ghosted over her stomach and her hips, a small well-placed bite to her love handles having her bucking. Avoiding where he knew she wanted him the most, he kissed his way down the outside of her thighs, over the caps of her knees, down her muscled calves, and to her toes. Then, as he'd done with her arms, he slowly traveled back up until he was at her hips again. Deciding it was time to stop teasing her, he chanced a glance at her face. Her eyes were half-lidded with lust, a blush spread from her cheeks to her chest, and her mouth hung open as she huffed. Fred had never seen anything so beautiful. Finally, he dropped between her legs and placed a kiss to the sensitive flesh of her inner thighs, nibbling at the twitching flesh. Every nerve in her body was alive and screaming thanks to his earlier attentions, so when his lips touched her so close to where she wanted him, a loud cry ripped into the air. Fred smirked as he nuzzled her leg, her hand reaching into his red hair to pull his face to her sex. Without warning, he slipped his tongue into her nether lips, dragging through them from her opening to her clit. Her soft scream and praise to Merlin reached his ears and tasted like honey on his tongue. He drew her torture out, sucking her clit and slipping a finger into her core, enjoying the sounds he elicited from the girl. She pushed his mound against his face and his member weeped to be inside of her. "Fred, I need you now. Please." The redhead crawled up her body, placing random kisses on her as he went. When he reached her face she brought her hand to his cheek to pull him in for another kiss. The musky taste of her still in mouth made her groan and pull his body to her own. Wasting no time, Fred slowly pushed his throbbing member into her hot, wet opening. They both moaned aloud at the slow, sinking feeling. Hermione loved the stretching of his walls and when he was finally seated within her, she'd never felt so full. "Fred, please," she begged again, eyes returning to his own. He answered by pulling himself slowly out of her dripping opening and pushing just as slowly back in. He set the pace, absorbing the feeling of having her tight, velvet walls wrapped around him as she too melted in the feeling of him repeatedly taking her inch by glorious, hot, hard inch. She could feel every throb from his member and he could feel every flutter of her walls. The agonizing pace overwhelmed her senses and brought tears to her eyes as he clenched his own closed, determined to last until she was sated. Hermione's nails dug into his back and her legs wrapped tightly around his waist, drawing him in deeper and closer to her orgasm. He could feel her fleshy walls tighten around him and he knew she was close. His pace picked up ever so slightly, causing her to scream his name as her ending ripped through her and her entire body shook. Her tight, clenching center proved to be too much for him as he came into her, her hot womanhood milking him dry. Fred fell forward onto his hands, sucking in a deep, shaking breath as he pulled himself free of her and laid beside her. Her body rolled into his as his arms wrapped around her shoulders and tucked her into his chest. Thoroughly satisfied, her tired mind thought over what had just happened between them. When she first met him she might have said she hated him, but that hate had turned to love as his family became her own. Then that love became more than love, and that love had turned to lust. Finally being able to act on that lust brought her to the truth that she knew him better than she had dared to admit before. He was funny of course, but surprisingly determined and intelligent. He was fierce in the care of his loved ones but incredibly kind and gentle. With that thought, she held him close and came to the conclusion that she wouldn't give him up. "Fred, kiss me." Hermione whispered again, wanting to be loved by this man. When he pulled away she looked into his blue pools one more time before asking, "What is this?" His smile radiated as he pressed one more kiss to her temple. "Well, my dear, this feels like falling in love."