sank when he realized that they were going to find out. All of them. The entire school was about to find out how he used to live. How he still lived when with the Dursleys. He never told anyone, not even Ron or Hermione. They knew a little bit but they didn't know the worse of it. He never even told Sirius. "When Dumbledore appears on the street, the narrative describes it as if it was apparition, but it also says his appearance was silent. Apparition comes with a crack." Susan was saying after being called on. "So I guess what I'm asking is, well, how'd he apparate without the sound?" "It's possible he apparated somewhere else and walked under a disillusionment charm." Umbridge answered. "Anyone else?" The class continued answering different people's questions, Harry paid little attention. A lot of the questions were stupid to him, like why isn't there a Harry Potter holiday? Or noting that his scar had been so fresh at the time in the chapter and that Baby Harry didn't even know it's significance. To which Harry bitterly thought ten year old Harry didn't know it's significance either. Mostly, he was still thinking about what he read. He still felt appreciation that McGonagall saw the travesty in this night through all of the celebratory chaos. It had been about time that someone did. "Well... something's been bothering me for a while." Dean was saying as Harry half tuned back into the conversation. "Hagrid saw Sirius Black right before he killed all of those people, but... where did they meet? Was it at the Potter House? Because if it was... why wouldn't he try to kill Harry then? And why would he lend Hagrid his bike to deliver Harry safely?" Harry, now fully paying attention, tried to hide his grin. Umbridge, however, looked quite upset. "I don't know." She said shortly. "Before class ends, what are the most important things we have gathered from this chapter?" Hermione raised her hand and didn't wait to be called on. Harry didn't blame her, she'd had her hand up the entire time and Umbridge simply ignored her. "Mostly nothing, mam." Umbridge glared at Hermione, but Hermione kept going. "What we didn't know was that Sirius Black must have stopped to see Harry that night, and met up with Hagrid. And despite Harry's vulnerability, he did not attempt to murder him, but instead helped Hagrid deliver him safely by giving Hagrid his bike. Which makes you wonder what his motives really were." Umbridge was looking very pink at this point. Harry saw that a lot of his classmates were thinking about this. "Other than that, everything that has come up in this chapter is already known. Harry Potter defeated Voldemort mysteriously when he was a baby, Lily and James Potter died, may they rest in peace, and Dumbledore is the only wizard Voldemort ever feared." "Sirius Black, though mad, was an intelligent wizard. He would not have attempted to kill Harry if the very actions brought down his master!" Umbridge said sternly. "He was likely there because he wondered why his master hadn't come back from his task of killing The Potters yet." "And the bike, professor?" Ron prodded. "I cannot see inside the mind of a killing maniac!" Umbridge screeched. She breathed out and brought her voice down the next time she spoke. "It likely would have done him well later on, giving Rubeus Hagrid his bike, as it would give him an alibi, but the next day the Ministry did their job and captured him." "Hermione also mentioned that Dumbledore's the only wizard Voldemort ever feared." Harry called out, his fist in the air. Hermione nodded. "Because he is a respectable and admirable wizard. Surely he wouldn't be spreading word that Voldemort was back if it weren't true." Umbridge narrowed her eyes. "As admirable as he may be, he was also distractible. Speaking of muggle sweets when there were more pressing issues. I'm sure even you were alarmed to find that he thought it a good idea to leave an infant on a doorstep all night." Hermione faltered. "Albus Dumbledore is older, he isn't as sharp as he once was. It's evident here, and this was over ten years ago." Umbridge said. Ron raised his hand but Umbridge turned away. "I want you to read the next four chapters before your next class, where we will discuss them. Do not try to read ahead, I have placed a charm so that you can not read past the fifth chapter. Class dismissed!" "We've got to do something about this!" Hermione yelled as they walked away from the classroom. "Do what, Hermione?" Harry asked exasperatedly. "I don't know! Something!" Hermione cried. "She's right, mate." Ron said. "She can't get away with reading your business to the entire school. We can tell Dumbledore or-" "Dumbledore can't do anything. If he had any say over how and what Umbridge was teaching he would have done something in the beginning when she decided we didn't need to actually practice defense spells this year of all years." Harry explained, hatred seeping over his words. "While she's got Fudge behind her, she's untouchable. I'm just going to have to deal with the entire school knowing everything about me." A quick shout out to CynthiaW for giving me the idea for using this style so that I'm not breaking any rules, to melkun for giving me the idea of summarizing the important parts of the chapter in the beginning, and of course to Bookhater95 for motivating me to put this up in the first place. This story would not exist without her. And of course to everyone who stuck with this story while it was going through major changes, and everyone who motivated me, and those who gave this story a chance AND to any future readers. Thank you! Oh, and there's a twitter & tumblr for my fanfics, links on my profile, blah, blah, blah.