sure you're wondering how you never realized you were Obliviated." Lily laughed. "That's because you weren't. You see, though the Aurors never found any sign of foul play, we couldn't be sure that your undetectable poison really was undetectable, and if it was discovered that he was poisoned, you would be the clear suspect. The Aurors would have looked for signs of memory tampering, and Obliviate can be broken, so it wasn't enough. "No, we used a variant of the Fidelius Charm I adapted for this purpose. As long as I keep your Secret, no one will ever be able to find out how the sun really set on Albus Wulfric Meddling Goat-Lover Dumbledore." She snorted. "Old coot tried to convince me that Harry was a Horcrux who had to die. Did he think I was going to roll over and hand my son over for him to slaughter?" Severus' mouth was dry as his mind raced with the implications. Lily had masterminded the murder of Dumbledore! With this information he could— He could do nothing. Even if anyone believed him, he'd only be sealing his own death sentence. He was an admitted Death Eater, and he had been the one to do the dirty work at that. Lily tilted her head. "Hmm. I think our conversation has gone on long enough. I only wanted you to know exactly how much of a fool you were to bully my son before you die." What?! Severus choked out, "Lily, you can't—" He broke off with a yelp as he felt a thick invisible rope squeeze itself around him, again and again, from his neck to his ankles. Lily then broke his handcuffs and levitated him over so that he was lying on his back on the floor, his feet pressed against one of the walls. "You see, you're not going to Azkaban like your friends." His eyes darted around wildly. Lily Vanished her chair, and walked over to him. One slender white hand reached into his robes, rummaging around his midriff. He broke into a cold sweat as he realized what she was going for. "No one is going to believe I was desperate enough to poison myself," he warned, hoping that he sounded threatening. "They'll investigate, and when they do, everything you did will come out. Do you think the Longbottoms will support you after this? Will Amelia Bones?" Lily pulled out a green vial and uncapped it, splashing the contents against the wall at Severus' feet. The stone began to bubble, the fluid dripping down and spreading over the floor. She gave a nod of satisfaction. "Of course no one will think you poisoned yourself. You'll be killed trying to escape. This lovely acid of yours will eat through the first two layers of the door in an attempt to make a hole big enough to crawl through. Only, a few years ago, the DMLE quietly replaced the insulation in the walls of holding cells with a special solid poison that dissolves anything on contact with air. But of course, a Death Eater didn't know that." Lily's smile grew wider. "There won't be enough left of you for anyone to investigate. Estella has a knack for planning untraceable murders, you know." The liquid spreading on the floor was now nasty green color that definitely did not come from the rock. And Severus was feeling a burning at the soles of his feet. "Lily...please..." "Goodbye, Severus," Lily said sweetly as she left the room. "And when you meet your masters in hell, tell them they really should not have gone after my son." Author's Notes: Many fanfics I read credit Lily with doing something that stopped Voldemort. Surely, if Lily was smart enough to end the worst Dark Lord of the century, she was smart enough to do some other things as well. Here we have a clever and manipulative Lily, who married James for status and killed him for convenience. One of many reasons she gets along with this world's Estella Zabini, I suppose. This was intended to be a oneshot, but if I extended it, I imagine that Harry/Lily conflict could be interesting. On one hand, Lily does love her son, but she wants him to be a great wizard. Maybe Harry wants something else and as a result he discovers the darker side to his mother and can't reconcile it with the image he has of her. Maybe he feels like she betrayed to his deceased father, which she did. Maybe he falls in love with Blaise, which would create problems for Lily who doesn't want her son to marry a woman whose mother kills men for a living, whatever her own feelings toward Estella are—not shown in the oneshot, but if I extended this, I would probably have Lily and Estella secretly together, though to the public Estella is still going through dead husbands like mad and Lily is still the Potter widow. Another reason they get along so well. At the stage of life he is in this oneshot, Smirky!Harry is only smug because he knows that Mummy's there to solve his problems. You saw how she handled Snape, and Lily hinted at how she handled Dumbledore, plus she destroyed Voldie. So Harry hasn't really had any conflict he had solve by himself. In a way, he is this world's Draco Malfoy, albeit a much less spoiler, much smarter one who'll probably grow up to be a super!Harry. Neville is what I imagined a healthy boy with two normal parents who love him are. Alice Longbottom is a bit vindictive and hates Death Eaters, but tries her best to protect her son, which is why Neville is a easy mark for Snape. fem!Blaise, Harry's other best friend in this AU, isn't sheltered at all. She knows perfectly well what kind of person her mother is, and has a good inkling of who Lily is as well. But she knows enough to keep that from Harry.