dodged a falling bucket prank (courtesy of the twins), a stressed out Percy Weasley, and Molly Weasley trying to usher them into the dining room for food. They barged into Ron's room (unlocked, thankfully) and shook him awake. They then explained what happened a second time. At the end of it, Ron stared at them, wide eyed and disbelieving. "So what do we do?" he asked. Harry thought about it for a moment. "We need evidence," he said. … Harry spotted Tom in the cereal aisle of the local grocery store. His heart began to pound and his palms begin to sweat, but he kept a friendly, open expression on his face. "Tom," he called. The man turned and waved hello. "I was thinking about that coin collection you mentioned the other day and was wondering if I could see it?" Tom's expression brightened. "Oh of course." He ruffled in his coat pocket for a pen and paper and scribbled something down. "This is my address," he explained. "I have time after work on Saturday if you want to come over." "Brilliant!" Harry said, trying to keep the relief out of his voice. "Can I invite some friends too?" Tom shrugged a shoulder. "Yeah, makes no difference. I'll see you then." The two of them parted ways. … Their game plan was to have Harry and Hermione distract Tom while Ron snooped around the house trying to find discriminating evidence. Their logic was that Harry was more friendly to Tom and Hermione could talk anyone's ear off, so Ron's absence would be the least noticed. But then Ron had reappeared in the hallway and Crookshanks had woven around his legs and shot straight into Hermione's lap. And then Tom pulled out a gun and aimed it at Ron and everything went to hell. He felt Hermione tense beside him, and all Harry could think was that they had messed up big time. This wasn't some game that the three of them could play detective at. They were dealing with someone who murdered animals for fun. But there was no one around. They could hardly run away, not without evidence. They didn't have any weapons, but at the very least it was three against one. Tom put his finger on the trigger and smiled pleasantly. Harry swallowed and prepared to tackle him if needed. In the next second, there was a shout and a crack. Tom dropped like a rock, bleeding from his thigh. Behind him, behind Ron , stood Remus Lupin, looking like he'd just finished running a marathon. He was holding a gun of his own. Harry lunged forward and kicked Tom's gun out of his grip, where it skidded and slipped under the couch. Under Remus' watchful eye, Tom slowly raised both hands above his head. He obviously knew he had lost in this situation. "Thank god the door was unlocked" Remus said. "Are the three of you okay?" Harry's knees finally gave out under him. "Oh my god," he gasped. "How did you find us?" Hermione asked, her voice wavering just the slightest. Remus frowned at them. "I've been keeping tabs this guy as well. When Sirius mentioned you were coming over, I thought there might be a problem considering how unsubtle the three of you are when snooping." Harry looked down, embarrassed. But Remus' face softened. "But I appreciate what you guys were trying to do. I called the police and Sirius and explained the situation so they should be here soon." Coming down from his adrenaline high, Harry only latched onto one piece of information. "You have Sirius' number?" he asked, confused. Remus turned pink. The door slammed open. "Harry!" Sirius yelled. Harry smiled guiltily as he was tugged into a crushing hug. "I'm fine," he said. "Just shaken." "Never do something this dangerous again!" Sirius said. "Um," Harry said and Sirius sighed. "Never mind," he said. "But at least tell me when you're off doing dangerous stuff then." Harry laughed quietly and agreed. At the same time, the police arrived — the "police" being a singular elderly man who looked older than sliced bread. "Hi Dumbledore," Remus greeted. "Sorry to call you out." Dumbledore smiled amicably and shook his head. "It's quite alright." He locked Tom's hands in a pair of handcuffs. Tom glowered down at them. "I'll get this one back to the station," Dumbledore said cheerily. "The three of you come in tomorrow for witness reports, okay?" Harry, Ron, and Hermione nodded mutely. In the aftermath of everything, Tom's house seemed strangely silent. Sirius spoke with Remus briefly outside before they split into their own cars and Sirius drove the three of them (plus one cat) home. It was odd. Despite everything that happened, despite all his doubts about moving to this strange, small town, sitting here with his two new friends and a guardian who actually cared about him, Harry felt like he had finally come home. In this round we were meant to write a story centered around a cult classic movie. I had The Lost Boys . While I obviously didn't use vampires in any sense in this story, there are still similarities between the movie plot and this story. Rather than people going missing, I used animals. Harry takes the role of Sam, while Ron and Hermione are Edgar and Alan. Hermione also somewhat takes the role of Star in that she is a victim of the culprit. They try to discover and stop the culprit for personal reasons. Sirius is Lucy. Remus is sort of but not really Max. The plot point where the Golden trio are suspicious of the wrong person is similar to the movie. In this story, rather than inviting the culprit into their homes, they were invited into the culprit's house. And in this story, supernatural beings like vampires don't exist, so it wouldn't make sense for the Golden trio to straight up murder the culprit. As a result, he was arrested instead.