been. She was rather shocked at herself for ever falling for the idea. Not to mention the inconsistencies—Hermione was no expert in these things but the real sons of millionaires probably didn't go around criticizing their own class quite so openly. Middle-class had seemed a better fit at further thought, but an orphan? Orphans were supposed to be hungry little things, deprived of the anchor of family by some tragic twist of fate. She presses her lips together as she studies him. Could this boy opposite her, a boy of nothing but sharp words and animal instinct really belong to that same group of unfortunates? The silence that follows grows more and more charged until, in a single burst of electricity, it explodes. Tom whips around to face her, seething. "Don't. Don't you dare." "What did I do now?" She stands up with a sigh. Tom's lips are stretched into a sneer of such pure loathing that Hermione catches her breath. "Don't give me those big sad eyes, you're going to make me puke. You think I want your revolting pity?" He hisses, rising to his feet. "You don't even know what it's like, being condescended to by every pretentious piece of scum just because of this filthy, worthless name! Nothing but brainless imbeciles the whole lot of them, once you bleed them the precious money and connections they're engorged with, but all spitting down at you cause you were born to a dirt cheap name and a whore of a mother" he laughs sharply then, a dark gleam in his eye. "That's what they told me you know, when I was old enough to ask. 'You'll never be more than the dirt cheap name your whore of a mother gave you.' A bit poetic, if you ask me. Could almost be Shakespeare." "I'm sorry," she manages to say. She means it. "I'm not. You know why? Because they'll be choking on their words soon enough. I'll make sure they truly understand the magnitude of their worthlessness next to true greatness." A queer look flashes behind his eyes. He closes the distance between them in a stride and grasps her upper arms. " Come with me. " As he straightens himself she absently registers the pink trail of nail marks mottling the white of his neck. Had she done that? "—You're clever enough, too clever to waste your life trying to please those simpletons. On my own I—" He hesitates, as though loathe to admit any weakness, before giving a sharp shake of the head. "Anyway, it's impossible. But two people. Together—" His eyes are wild with the truth that seems to be dawning on him by the second, cheeks flushed pink with excitement. Hermione has never seen him so alive. "—We can be anyone we want to be." It's a simple statement, one that would have sounded juvenile on the lips of anyone else, but the deep conviction that rings through it transforms it into one of profound truth. Tom is watching her with single-minded focus, waiting, perhaps mapping her very thoughts themselves. He looks so…Hopeful. Hermione memorizes the expression before shrugging free of his grip. "I'm sorry," she repeats, gently shaking her head. "I can't." It's as if the flood gates have broken. Shock, pain, fury follow each other, slamming into his eyes on wave upon wave. He teeters on his feet. "Fine" he says hoarsely, behind a hasty mask of malice. "What are you waiting for then? Go!" He hisses dangerously. "I'm sure you've been looking forward to it all day— waiting for the perfect moment . Tell me, you were itching to do it at the Dive Bomber before weren't you? Or was it after the bracelet?" His eyes dart to the object still adorning her wrist and back to her face. "All you wanted was your pretty prize, wasn't it?" He says nastily, but makes no move to reclaim the object. "No!" "Then what!" "I—I didn't—" "Then! What!" He shouts, rawer this time. She can see the mask twitch and threaten to crumble under the sheer weight of her betrayal. "—It was fun!" Tears are prickling the corners of her eyes again, making Tom's pale face swim in and out of focus. "It was fun," she says again, in a smaller, teary voice. She feels there's a price to admitting this and that she's paying it with a piece of herself, a chipped and imperfect piece of herself but her, nevertheless. Because it had been fun. The rides and the danger, the guessing and the never-ending arguments. It had been fun before he'd gone and corrupted it—taken the good things, the ones that were worth crying over, and drowned it in blood and death until they turned sickly and warped, and the children never emerged triumphant from the woods at all, but grew barbaric and then lost themselves to the fairy-tale even as it rushed out of control, ripping itself to pieces as it hurtled on. He had lied to her and he had toyed with her and he had never apologized for any of it, only elevated the game to newer heights once she had started playing along, fascinated in spite of herself. But his world was too different, too bizarre. She could never survive it. More than anything though, she frightened herself. Frightened by what he could transform her into. Frightened by what she allowed herself to be transformed into. It had been fun. But she was tired, and in the end, she would always choose home. His voice rings in her ears as she staggers down the hill. Out ahead, as though a thousand miles away, are the lights of the fair . Their twinkle is that of stars guiding her home and Hermione is overcome. She is vaguely aware her name is echoing behind her as she breaks into a run, and she keeps on running until it's nothing but the whisper of a whisper. Until it's lost to the wind.