the umbrella!" Madison said. "In the movie there was the umbrella." "The book has the umbrella, too, Madison," said Ava. "We just have to try. Anyway, how could someone walk around a wall?" "Okay, here goes," Zoë said. She carefully put her hand on the wall of a building. Slowly, it started to almost heat up underneath her hand. The ground shook again, and Molly closed her eyes to calm her raging mind and her raging stomach. When the shaking stopped and Molly opened her eyes, the world was the same as before - fog and British people included - except for the gaping hole in the side of the building, the edges of the hole red from Zoë's touch. "Whoa," Molly said. "Come on, you guys!" Zoë said, and the group followed her into the hole. On the other side was something unlike anything Molly had ever seen before. The hole led to an alleyway, cobblestone under the children's feet. Buildings advertising textbooks, robes, and magic wands adorned the sides of the street. A big marble building sat towards the end of the alley. The only building that was vacant was a building in the very front. People snuck through the alley, trying to avoid the crowd of people lingering in the middle of the alley. Black robes walked around, pushing others out of the way. Teenagers flicked their wands at the storefronts, watching the results inside the windows. The only area that wasn't filled with people was a small area behind a giant as he and another child around Molly's age walked through the alley and into different buildings. "Welcome," said Zoë, "to Diagon Alley." "But wasn't there something there in the books?" Stella said, pointing to the empty storefront. Molly fumbled around in her pocket, looking for her map. To her surprise, it was still there. She pulled it out and opened it up. "I don't know what it is, but there is supposed to be something there - something about Wizard Wheezes or something...but I don't really know what that means," Molly said. "Wait…" Beatrix said. "Is that the Weasley joke shop?" Molly studied the map again. "It does have Weasley in the title, and the description calls it some sort of trickster thing, but again, I don't really know what that means." Beatrix gasped. "Oh my gosh!" she exclaimed. "Wait, you know what that means?" Molly asked. Beatrix nodded. "How do you not know what that means? Anyone who's read the books knows what that means!" "Um…" Molly said. "I actually... haven't read the books. Or seen the movies. Or anything." "Wait, what?" Madison said. "You haven't seen the movies?" "Or read the books?" Zoë said. "Do you even know who Harry Potter is?" Stella said. "Well…" She stole another glance at her letter. "Not much. I know he's a Hogwarts graduate, The Boy Who Lived, et cetera…" She sighed. "But that's it." Ava bit her lip. "Well," she said, "that could be a good thing! Especially since I think I know where we are." "Where?" Molly asked. Ava took a deep breath. "Molly, I don't think we're in Orlando anymore." Molly couldn't help but roll her eyes. "I've figured that much out. But where are we?" "Zoë said it before. Diagon Alley. But that isn't the point - the location is only half of the setting." "Alright, then what's the other half?" "Time." Molly raised her eyebrows. "And what does that mean?" "That rainstorm, back in Orlando, it didn't just bring us somewhere else - it brought us some when else," Ava said, as if she was revealing some sort of crucial plot point in a story. Molly hated it when it was just said directly in the story - except when they made fun of it in The Muppets. "We aren't in 2014 anymore," Ava continued. "We're in 1991." "Wait, what?" Molly said. Okay, maybe this was as good as The Muppets . "I think she's right," Mackenzie said. "We're in London - in 1991. It makes perfect sense. The joke shop hadn't been built yet, and it would explain Hagrid being up there." She gestured to the giant, who was still leading the child into the different shops and parting the crowds in the alley. "Is the kid named Hagrid?" Molly asked. "Heavens, no," Beatrix said. "That's Harry." "Harry…" Molly said. "Harry Potter ? Didn't he send us the letters in the first place?" "Yeah," Madison said. "I don't understand it either, but I do know one thing." "What's that?" Molly asked, confused. Zoë put her hands on Molly's shoulders. "1991 - that's Harry's first year at Hogwarts," she said. "And we're here for it." Thanks for reading this chapter! One of the things I love is getting a behind-the-scenes look at movies and books, so I thought it would be cool if I shared some interesting things about each chapter with you. Here's the behind-the-scenes tidbits about Chapter 1. 1) When I wrote the original draft of this chapter, I had only read the (Philosopher's) Stone and about half of the Chamber of Secrets. The original draft included the Gringotts dragon breathing fire over the area, but after reading the Deathly Hallows, I omitted the dragon. 2) The children going to Hogwarts are based on real friends of mine. Molly is based on me - and yes, I do enjoy playing the ukulele, reading The Land of Stories , and going to Walt Disney World. 3) Caitlyn is also based on a friend of mine that I used to go to school with. The argument at the beginning is based on a real conversation we had - and I think the line she was quoting was from the death of either Dobby or Fred. 4) Just to clear things up: no, Mrs. Evans is not Lily. I hope you enjoy the rest of the story! Feel free to review, but please no negative reviews or cursing. (And please, NOTHING POLITICAL!) Thanks!