France by a team led by Auror Kingsley Shacklebolt. [ redacted ] has not experienced any human contact; food and water were sent through the magical barrier at 1200 hours each day. When asked via displaced charm if subject had any information to disclose, subject swore and asked why he was "trapped in the bowels of the world's shittiest prison." FYI: prisoner is highly uncooperative. It is of the opinion of examiners that [ redacted ] be condemned to a life sentence immediately. 3. At 0229 hours , I1 informed subject of his rights and his privacy. I1 introduced himself as "Barnes," after Muggle character Jake Barnes from Ernest Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises . It is to be noted that I1 has exhibited a demonstrated fascination with Mr. Hemingway's works, and his choice of Jake Barnes, an impotent and depressed war veteran, ought to be examined by medical professionals. Surprisingly, subject recognized the literary reference and its implications. When I1 expressed his surprise, [ redacted ] stated, "Yes, yes, throw a bloody party. The Death Eater knows some Muggle literature. This Death Eater also, horror of all horrors, owns clothes that are not black or green! Whatever has this world come to?" Note: [ redacted ] appears to rely heavily on sarcasm. 4. At 0259 hours , I1 noted verbally that [ redacted ] flinched at the mention of "Death Eater." In response, subject made rude gesture with hand and coupled it with: "Can I get another person? This one seems to be lacking all social skills." In response, I1 made a note to modify [ redacted ]'s file to reflect his humour. Subject was then informed of his mother's role in his discovery. Subject reacted violently, revealing his mother as a source of emotional weakness. I1 commented on [ redacted ]'s inability to kill. Between 0301 and 0310 hours, subject slammed his fist repeatedly against the magical barrier. Magical barrier remained intact. Note: enacting a formal recommendation to renew contract with Spell Defense, Inc. for the next 5 years. 5. At 0315 hours , I1 informed [ redacted ] of his mother's safety. Note: Ms. [ redacted ] currently remains, under close observation by Aurors Herrington and Lawless, in her home. Subject asked to elaborate on his disappearance after January 2nd, 1998. It is of the official opinion that Mr. [ redacted ] perished of blood loss at 0012 hours on January 3rd, 1998 after Mr. Harry Potter et al. escaped their imprisonment. See File 096 for evidence of this supported subterfuge; known Death Eater A. Rookwood also believed [ redacted ] dead. Subject remained silent. 6. At 0326 hours , I1 brought up Ms. Hermione Granger. When told that Ms. Granger believes [ redacted ] to be dead, subject exhibited no physical reaction. It is at this point that I1 explicitly mentioned Proposal [ redacted ], to which subject reacted negatively: "You're kidding me, right? The Order has a job for a Death Eater." Subject was visibly affected at 0329 hours and vehemently denied existence of relationship with Ms. Granger. I1, against official recommendation, pointed to subject's conscience: "I believe you have a conscience and that , Mr. [ redacted ], is the only thing standing between you and the likes of the monster so many call the Dark Lord. Here is your chance to make something of your life, Mr. [ redacted ]. Here is your chance to repay Ms. Granger." 7. At 0341 hours , subject expressed concern and surprise at I1's choice of "repay." FYI: see files 032-095 for evidence of Mr. [ redacted ]'s sense of guilt towards Ms. Granger. Excerpted is I1's statement (retrieved from I1's voluntary memory submission): "It is my business to know things, Mr. [ redacted ]. It certainly wasn't easy to put the pieces together, I assure you, but it's the only thing that makes sense. There is a suspicious gap in the narrative of January the 2nd - I've been told Ms. Granger was taken by Bellatrix alone, but you were there the whole time, weren't you? You tried to stop Bellatrix and your aunt turned on you, probably because she was still mad with bloodlust. Ms. Granger stopped her, and that must have incensed you - a Muggleborn saving you , [ redacted ]. Ms. Granger caused the diversion and inadvertently allowed you to escape - I don't doubt your mother seized upon the opportunity to get her precious son free of Voldemort's clutches." From 0345 to 0355 hours, subject remained silent. At 0356 hours, subject requested information on Ms. Granger's status. I1 again went against official protocol and revealed Ms. Granger's current status (alive). It is at that point that I1 brings up Proposal [ redacted ]. 7. At 0455 hours , subject agreed to accept Proposal [ redacted ]. 8. CURRENT STATUS : After five days of close observation, subject appeared hostile but lacked the bloodlust commonly observed with Death Eaters. It is of our official opinion that trusting [ redacted ] with our lives is a grave mistake, but we also acknowledge that these are not standard times. With the Ministry in shambles and our fate increasingly dependent on teenagers, it is our reluctant opinion that [ redacted ] may be the only candidate suitable to fulfill Proposal [ redacted ]. / Subject's medical condition is stable. 9. PLANS : Subject will remain in enclosure for the next 24 hours while plans are made to implement Proposal [ redacted ]. He will be re-introduced into the assigned forces on April 3rd, 1998 and will, at that point, send regular correspondence to the team headed by I1. END OF MESSAGE . AN: Thanks all for reading! Please let me know what y'all think :) This is my first official foray into Dramione - thanks to Writers Anonymous for providing the kick I needed to finally write something. At this point, I'm marking it as a oneshot, but I might continue it in the future.