This time though, while it's still not quite something , it's a little bit more than nothing , and he is cognizant of both the dark and the damp. Rummaging around in the debris littering the bottom of the boat, he comes up with an old glass bottle, and he conjures a bluebell flame inside of it to light his way and ward off the chill in the air, grateful that at least this small bit of magic seems to work here. Time passes, and again, he has no idea how long he spends in transit. Despite the dank atmosphere however, Sirius finds that he prefers this to the elevator, because at least here there is the soothing soundtrack of running water and gentle lull of the boat's movement in the river. After a time, he notices that the darkness has gradually abated somewhat. It is still quite gloomy, but he is able to see that the cavern has widened to the point where the walls seem to have disappeared entirely, though the river still has the oppressive feeling of being underground. He watches the terrain change as he slowly passes by, and it eventually comes to his attention that something is swimming along in the water next to the boat. His mystery companion seems to realize that it's been noticed, and a melodic voice rings out, "Always have to be the exception to the rule, don't you, Sirius Black?" He squints in the direction of the sound. She is female, of that much he is certain, though perhaps not a woman, exactly. It's hard to tell in the dim lighting, but her skin seems to have an iridescent green tinge. So no, not human, but she doesn't appear to be a mermaid either, which leaves Sirius at a loss as to what precisely she is. Not that it really even matters at this point. This whole experience has just been so weird that he's not even bothering to question it. "I never was one for rules," he responds. The woman in the river seems to find this answer amusing. "No, evidently not. Case in point," she lifts a webbed hand out of the water, gracefully flicking it in his direction, "Here you are, floating down my river in a boat, not a care in the world. Lots of people arrive, but very few get to leave. See? The exception." She seems sort of disappointed by this. "It's only temporary, if that makes you feel any better. Mr. Woden said I was early, and sent me on my way, but I'll be back again at some point." She perks up at this. "Good, because you can hardly get the full experience without leaving the boat. Plus, there are some folks here waiting for you." She glances over his shoulder as if acknowledging the presence of people standing there on the riverbank. Sirius immediately wrenches his body around to see what she's talking about, but he is only able to discern a few vague, shadowy figures in the distance. "But if you're just passing through…" she shrugs, as if to say, ' Oh well, too bad .' He has a pretty good idea as to who those figures are, and if his guess is correct, then so is the river woman; it is too bad. He misses James and Lily with a longing that gnaws at his soul, and he wishes he could see them again, even just for a minute, so that he can apologize for letting them down. As for the third figure, though he's not positive, he suspects it to be Regulus, and he wishes he could apologize to his little brother for letting him down too. The river woman's face suddenly softens. She folds her arms on the edge of the boat and rests her chin on them as she says, "They know, Sirius Black. They forgive you, and they love you. All that's left now is for you to forgive yourself." She gives him a significant look, holding his gaze for a long moment, and then she releases her grip on the side of the boat and slips back down into the water, disappearing in its inky depths. Alone again, he settles back into the boat and ponders her words. Admitting his shortcomings has been difficult enough, and he's not sure if he's able to take that final step toward redemption by forgiving himself for everything. The problem is that he's done so much wrong that he doesn't know if he deserves forgiveness. Shouldn't he have to pay penance for his transgressions? Certainly forgiveness is something that must be earned the hard way. ' Forgiveness is a gift.' He starts with a jerk that threatens to tip his boat. For a split second, he could have sworn that the voice was real and in the boat with him, but after shining his bluebell light around in the murkiness, he is secure in the knowledge that he is still alone. Though he is now sure that the voice was only in his mind, he doesn't doubt the authenticity of it for a moment. It had sounded like Lily's voice. And she was right, of course. There was no hope for any of the rest of it without forgiveness. Any attempt he could make at love, or remorse, or looking after Harry would be an exercise in futility if he first did not forgive himself and move on. Without forgiveness, none of this would mean anything, because he would still be stuck in the past. If Lily, James, and Regulus could all forgive him, then surely he can forgive himself. He decides to try. A warm, dry breeze then wafts over him, and suddenly his field of vision is filled with a blindingly bright light. He closes his eyes, and he feels as if he has fallen asleep while sunbathing. He can hear distant voices trying to gain his attention, and he smiles. He is going home. xXx