have, that they would have been the best family possible. She knew from her dad's books that he had received his letter of acceptance for Hogwarts when he was eleven, he had received it on his birthday in fact. It had been brought to him by an owl from the school and he had been asked to attend Hogwarts for seven years so that he could learn how to use and master his magic. So that was what Ria had to do. She had to wait for the morning, when a beautiful owl would fly through the window and bring her a letter that would allow her to be whisked away from the Dursley's. She could wait until then, and she would make sure that she made the owl some bacon too, it was a long journey from Scotland to Surrey, and the owl would be hungry. It wouldn't be much longer now, until she would be free from her family, only to return in the summer for a few weeks, surely they wouldn't turn down the opportunity to be rid of her for most of the year, they usually complained about her taking up too much room so it was the best thing for them both. She gently closed the book and placed it beneath the thin and threadbare pillow at one end of the mattress before curling up under her blanket. Hana-Hesperia Potter would be going to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in September, and there was nothing that the Dursley's could do about it. And while she doubted her ability to get into Gryffindor like her parents, she knew her father would be proud of her no matter where she was placed, and that was all that mattered. She would make sure that her parents were proud of her no matter what, she would be a Quidditch Captain just like her dad had always hoped and she'd make sure that she was a Prefect and even Head Girl. She was going to ensure that her parents would have nothing to be disappointed about, because she was going to do whatever it took to be what they had dreamed for. First of all, she would have to find out what had actually been the cause of her parents death, because she knew that they hadn't died in a car crash, they would have been able to save themselves with their magic. She would then have to find out why she had been placed with the Dursley's of all people, they hated the idea of being different, and she was terrified of what would happen to her if she even mentioned the word magic in front of them. Nothing good she could guess. None of that mattered anymore though, because soon she would be learning magic with other young witches and wizards, and there had to be some that had been brought up not knowing about magic. Either way, they would all be the same age, and she doubted that children were allowed to go around cursing each other before even going to school, so they would all be on the same level. She had a chance to rise to the top and prove to everyone that her parents were and still are proud of her, even if they aren't alive anymore. She could do it. And no one could stop her. Tada! So this is what you have all been waiting for, and I'm so sorry for the wait. It's been just over a year since I posted this and I hope you all will continue to stick with me through this story. I won't lie, I lost all inspiration for this story until yesterday when I watched Fantastic Beasts and was spurred on with so much inspiration! It is a brilliant film and for anyone who hasn't watched it, I urge you to go and see it! I hope this matches up with your expectations, feel free to let me know if it doesn't, and don't forget I still have that poll up for who to pair Hana-Hesperia with, the votes are as followed: Sirius Black – 6 Bill Weasley – 4 Charlie Weasley – 3 George Weasley – 3 Blaise Zabini – 3 Theodore Nott – 2 Seamus Finnegan – 2 Fred Weasley – 1 Lastly, I am debating on my decision to put Hana Hesperia in Gryffindor. At the moment I'm obviously thinking of either Slytherin or actually Ravenclaw, but I haven't decided. So feel free to review with your opinion so that I can start on the next chapter! Hana-Hesperia is her full first name, but she will be referred to as either Hesperia or Ria for short as a preference. Other characters may have separate and unrelated nicknames for her too. NAME MEANINGS: Hana – Pronounced like Anna in Frozen but with an H. In Japanese it literally means flower, but in Arabic it means bliss or happiness. This kind of fits in with the whole theme of the Evans family naming female children after flowers, but it is more literal. It also fits the idea of naming the child with an H like a lot of people do in fanfics when changing the gender of Harry. Hesperia - This is a name of Greek origin and means 'evening star' I chose this because, she was bringing light into a dark time with the first defeat of Voldemort. It also as shown in the chapter above, lends a hand towards a really cute nickname from her father. I feel that this would have been picked out by possibly Sirius as his family is known for naming children after constellations. Lilliana – So this one is pretty obvious, it's derived from the name Lily which is the plant her mother was named after. However, it also means innocence, purity and beauty, which I felt really fit her as a person. Although she strives to make her parents proud, she is still innocent underneath.