the feather and put back in the wand which closed back up save for a splinter of holly. The splinter floated to Harry. "I want you to put your finger on the bit of wood and channel as much magic into it as you possibly can." Harry nodded and began doing so, the bit of wood vibrated, then a spark flew out, until it exploded, but mid explosion it froze, the now incredibly tiny particles fell towards the silvery floor, twisting and writhing as the fell, flowing along some unknown path. They were joined by the phoenix feather which had all the fibers pulled off and floated, intermingling with the particles. They impacted with the floor. "This is my favourite part, Ollivander whispered." The floor started swirling and began lifting up in the spot where the strands hit, from this bump wood began to grow, it grew up, twisting and gaining gnarls and bumps, yet to harry, it looked beautiful. Finally it was finished and floated into Harry's outstretched arm. Immediately he was filled with intense happiness and felt his connection to the stave. A breeze blew around the room and sthe floor swirled tumultuously. "This, this is amazing." He whispered in awe. "Here's your wand, you'll still need it for schoolwork, but after that nobody will mind." Harry nodded, still bewildered. Harry left the store an incredibly happy customer, even happier when he was informed that the sly dog hadn't put the trace on the stave and that as long as his wand was wrapped in special magical filled paper the ministry wouldn't detect ambient magic either so he would be free to use it at home. Not even the Dursleys could get his spirits down today. They tried, specifically, they attempted to lock his trunk in the downstairs basement but he tapped his stave on the ground three times and levitated his trunk along with him, silently. It was a trick he had perfected with his wand to the point of not requiring an incantation or wand movement, he could do it merely by molding magic and willpower, the taps were for dramatic affect. ' Im definitely going to use that for intimidation.' "Boy," his uncle started, face purple and spittle flying like a deranged minigun, "I will not tolerate such… Freakishness in my house. Didn't your people ban you from using magic outside of school anyways." He finished smugly. "Hmm, there's always a loophole uncle." He winked, mischeviously. He didn't know if it was possible but his uncle's face turned even more purple. "Though I must say, I do tjink I have outgrown the cupboard, I guess I can take Dudleys second bedroom." "Youll do no such-" "Yes, but first I must clean it up, oh its filthy, scourgify. " The dust and grime in the room flowed inwards and formed a floating ball which disappeared as though sucked into a black hole. ' Magic is amazing, yet absolutely insane, muggles remove dirt by using fibers on a stick, we destroy the very molecules and turn it into magical energy which then disperses, incredible really. A bit of a shame most wizards are unaware of this during school, I got lucky to stumble across it in the library on my, uh, unsavory adventures. He had taken to browsing through the restricted, and higher difficulty levels of the library, it had taken him three weeks to figure out how to get the books to stop screaming at him but it was worth it. Dudleys toys all levitated out and were packed away in the cupboard, he stepped in and marveled at the now fresh air, clean bed and desk and general just-got-spring-cleaned feel. Vernon's face was alternating between going purple, and red with steam almost visibly rising off his head. Well, until the door slowly closed in front of him and a muttering of Clostrum the door was locked. "This is not BLOODY over freak." Vernon shouted before storming off. Harry took this as an admission of guilt and unpacked his trunk into his new room before sitting at the desk, taking out the book on alchemy he got stuck right in. He got about 5 pages in and was cursing at his lack of materials and equipment to work on it. ' Dammit! Guess another trip to the alley is in order. Ugh, but its late, guess ill go over the magical theory book instead.' He closed the book and placed it to one side of the table and walked over to Hedwig and stroked her feathers while sitting in the open windowsill. He began reading and watched as the sun set, the rays of sun filled him with an odd warmth, he had a, funny…feeling, that next school year something amazing would happen, but he couldn't place it. Taking a deep breath, he tried to feel the magic in the air, it was barely a twinkle to his still very low sensory ability to magic but it was a start, the sun he noticed, was magical, the rays themselves permeated happiness. Hedwig let out a gentle trill, adding to the serene atmosphere, had anyone paid attention to the pariah they would see the wind blowing in his face, would see the happiness on his closed eyes, and the light of the sun causing him to radiate in a way that could be nothing but magic. He felt something unlock inside himself, something he hadn't truly found training the last month. He found serenity and happiness. But he wasn't the only one to find it, many hundreds of miles away, a girl lying in the grass on a hill, feeling the sun herself felt this shift in the magic. She opened her eyes and looked in his direction and saw the air laced with magic, swirling around a point. She smiled, 'almost…' the wind changed direction and a flower petal flew past the girl, yet she had disappeared, with naught a trace she was ever there. -X-