lunch, and she had served tea at the five hour mark. By the time she was done, Blaise Zabini was trying and failing to hide exhaustion. "It was a pleasure to meet you, Professor Zabini," Holly said cheerfully. "I am sure that Brax and Lucy will love Hogwarts. You said that you would come back tomorrow to escort us to get the twins' school supplies?" She saw him try to resist a shudder. "Ah, I'm afraid I have an appointment tomorrow that I may not be able to get out of, but rest assured, I will make sure that one of the professors comes to take you to Diagon Alley," he lied. "Have a pleasant evening." "And you!" Holly said cheerfully, shutting the door behind him as he hurried out of the house. That night, there was a new message in the charmed notebook that Voldemort used to communicate with her. " You broke my Charms Professor," he wrote. "He's refusing to return to your house under any circumstances. What did you do?" " Seven hours of questions about the Wizarding World. Now I have reasons for any knowledge I might have, though I'll be buying books tomorrow to cover the rest of it. Who do I get to tor- I mean, travel with, tomorrow?" she asked. " Wait and see," he replied. She chuckled and went to bed. September 1 came sooner than she expected. She walked through King's Cross Station with the twins, both of their trunks stacked on the trolley in front of her, both chattering animatedly about their upcoming 'adventure'. Each held a cage holding a snowy owl: twins, which was apparently even more a rarity in owls than in humans. Voldemort had told her that the twin owls were actually the great-grandchildren of Valerie's beloved Hedwig, who had ended up living with Voldemort for the rest of her natural life after Valerie's disappearance. "What's the platform number again?" Holly asked, remembering a red-haired woman asking the same question her own first year. "Nine and Three-Quarters," Brax said. "Professor Zabini said that we simply walk through the barrier between Platforms Nine and Ten. We haven't even started yet, and there's already magic!" Lucy said excitedly. Holly smiled at her children's antics, watching as they held hands to step through the barrier. She did not have to run as they did, knowing full well that she would make it through to the other side. Before her stood the familiar scarlet engine that had faithfully borne her to Hogwarts those many years ago. She sighed wistfully, glad that it was muffled in the hustle and bustle of parents saying goodbye to their children. Soon enough, her children were tugging at her, and she was helping them load their trunks onto the train. Before they could leave, Holly pulled them both into a tight embrace. "No matter what happens at this magic school of yours," she whispered to them, "I will always be your mother and I will always love you. Nothing can change that. Yes, I will worry about you, and yes, you will probably scare me at some point, but that doesn't mean I don't want to know. I love you and I want to know that you're doing well. I want to know the ups and the downs, the twists and the turns, and everything else that happens in your lives. I expect letters at least once a week, and I always want you to remember that I love you very much." She kissed each of them on the forehead, resting a hand on Lucy's cheek and smoothing back Brax's hair. "We love you too, Mum," they said in unison. Each kissed one of her cheeks. Just then, the whistle on the train blew. "We'll see you at Christmas, Mum!" Brax yelled as they got onto the train. "Goodbye!" Lucy yelled as well, waving merrily from the window of their compartment. "Goodbye!" Holly called back, raising her hand in farewell. She ran alongside the train until it reached the end of the platform, and continued waving until the train was out of sight. With a sigh, she put her hands down. From behind her, a familiar voice said, "It's hard, isn't it?" "Of course it is," Holly replied. "They're my children." Tom stepped up beside her, looking off into the distance towards the last place the Hogwarts Express was seen. "I'll protect them," he stated. "You'd better," Holly replied, a hint of the war general she'd once been in her voice. "Else I get my magic back, and you're my first target after rescuing them." "I shudder at the thought," Tom replied. They stood there in silence for a moment. "Do you want to go drown our sorrows in ice cream?" he asked. She gave him a sideways glance. "Don't you have a school to run? And what sorrows do you have?" "They won't arrive for a few hours yet, and their arrival is my sorrow. So, ice cream?" Holly thought a moment. "Sure." That night, the notebook had a new message. " I owe you a hundred galleons." Valerie laughed before going to sleep. Author's Note Two: If you don't understand the last few lines, go back to when Valerie is giving birth. :) Also, as to Valerie's name, I did not want to name her after a flower, because while it makes sense based on all the flower names in the books (Lily, Petunia, Pansy, Lavender, etc.) it is very overused. Valerie comes from the Latin valere , which means "to be strong". Harry/Valerie is an incredibly strong person, and I feel that James and Lily would have wanted their child to be strong, especially with such a prophecy hanging over them. As to Valerie, Voldemort, and the Prophecy...they're basically just ignoring. They swore an oath not to hurt each other, so they're circumventing the "neither can live while the other survives " bit by both living instead of just surviving through a war.