the sight; my years at Hogwarts were some of the best years of my life. It was weird to think that I would never camp out in the library again, never careen down in my haste to get to the kitchens and its wonderful pumpkin juice, never escape into an abandoned classroom for a stolen kiss before the next class- I shook my head briskly, dispelling the thoughts from Numberita. It did me no good to think of things that were gone. Still... I couldn't help but wonder about Al; where was he now? The last I'd heard of him, he was rapidly rising the ranks as an Auror. He'd graduated with top honors from the Merlin Auror Academy and was absent constantly due to the various top secret missions that were expected of Aurors. Harry Potter was dreadfully proud of him. ...As was I. Al had proved himself to be talented - not because he was Harry Potter's son, but because he was Al. No one could take that away from him. I forced myself away from the window, walking instead to the door. I still had forty-eight minutes and twenty-six seconds until the meeting. I might as well grab a quick lunch before then - maybe some food would give me courage. ...Okay, so maybe I was just hungry. "Oi! Adela!" I looked up, my eyes widening as one very enthusiastic trainee came careening around the corner at a trajectory that landed him directly on...me. Oof. "Gah! Sorry!" he apologized, quickly scrambling off of me. I waved off his apology, ignoring his offered hand and standing up, wincing slightly as my sore muscles flexed. "It's fine, Henry," I said wearily. The trainee - Henry Patil - fidgeted uncomfortably. Henry, like Dominique, was one of the few trainees at the GW firm. He'd only been here for three months and two days, but he was very energetic and often quite meddlesome (although he did have good intentions...which somehow made it more annoying when he barged into my office with a platter full of bacon because he'd heard that I like it. And then I had to explain why I couldn't eat bacon and be tortured by the smell. Henry, of course, would promptly forget it and repeat the process the next week). Well, he was clearly dying to say something. "What is it?" And with that, the dam broke open. And by that, I meant that the bloke started spitting rapid fire words at me that even Numberita couldn't understand. "-and that means someone's probably died or maybe even exploded I bet they exploded because that's way more fitting for Aurors and-" I held up a hand to slow him down, opening my mouth to ask him (nicely, I swear!) to repeat his sentence. Wait. One of those words caught Numberita's attention - " Aurors ?" I asked incredulously. What on earth was he talking about? Automatically Numberita flashed to the green-eyed boy I always associated with the word 'auror,' and I had to forcibly shove that thought out of my head so I could concentrate on Henry's words. Henry paused to take a deep breath, his skinny frame practically collapsing on itself from the effort. "Well, I heard that Ms. Granger's expecting some Aurors this afternoon - confidential and all that. The word on the street is that you are somehow involved. Why would Aurors come to a law firm? It doesn't make any sense; aurors hate lawyers. We make their work harder, so why would they come here?" Henry was also the (demon) offspring (spawn) of one Parvati Patil. In other words, he was a compulsive gossiper. Last week he confronted me about my 'apparent violent tendencies.' Utter rubbish. Completely false. Honestly, the lies he picks up! But he had a point - the meeting did match up with the time Ms. Granger asked me to go to her office. But why would I be involved with Aurors? I leaned against the wall, my lips pursed as Numberita thought furiously, dismissing ideas as fast as she thought of them. Maybe they'd found out about that one time I whacked Scorpius too hard and he ended up in St. Mungo's for a day - no, Healer Park (remember her? The slightly scary Hufflepuff who healed me after the whole goblin thing) had assured me that it wasn't severe enough to merit a legal response. Maybe Ms. Granger was going to fire me and she fired a violent response? No, why give me a full hour to plot a way around the backup? Maybe - "Adela?" I looked up in surprise, my thought train broken by the strangely hesitant words. I met Dominique's eyes, and the blonde bit her lip and flicked her eyes at Henry. "Erm...Henry, mind getting me a copy of the Book of Magical Law? I need to double check the Magical Creatures section for the Vince case," I said. Henry nodded slowly, his eyes darting between Dominique and me, and left in the direction of the extensive library located on the top floor (oh, how I adored that library). "What is it?" I asked briskly once Henry had left. "I ran into Aunt Hermione - she said to come to her office immediately. The meeting's been moved up," she said in a hushed voice, her brows furrowing. I swallowed and nodded, a small, jerky movement that betrayed my nervousness to Dominique. She was still looking at me with that troubled, pitying expression. "Adela - there...there were a lot of Aurors with her," she said hesitantly, her voice coloured with worry. I nodded again, saying, "Thanks, Dominique. I-I'll see you later," before brushing my pocket to make sure my wand was still there - it was - and, glancing one last time at Dominique, straightened my shoulders and made my way down to my fate. Well, this should be fun. AN: Thanks for reading! All reviews are returned with a teaser of the next chapter c;