out to be the first squib in their families for a decade. She could deal with being a squib. Really, it was best not to get tangled with the shit-hole that was the magical world, but the thought of disappointing her parents was so surprisingly and unbearably painful that she hoped the outcome was otherwise. Something rammed into her legs, snapping Alex out of her grey thoughts. A boy around seven-years-old was moaning in pain as he pushed himself off the ground, before freezing like a deer in headlights when he noticed her staring down at him in mild surprise. "I'm sorry!" he squeaked, jumping up. Judging by his immediate wince, it seemed like a regrettable move. "No problem," she said, brow furrowed. This kid looks weirdly familiar, she thought. "Potter!" a voice barked. A rotund boy stomped towards them, three snickering kids trailing behind him. "You really are useless, aren't you? You can't even do my homework right!" His arm twitched as if he wanted to grab at the smaller boy, but it stilled when he finally noticed her presence. "Who are you?" he grunted. She responded with an unimpressed look. "I think the real question is, what're you doing to him? Because it sure seems a lot like bullying." The boys shared an uneasy look, but their fearless leader cracked his knuckles in what seemed to be a threatening gesture. "You'll leave if you know what's good for you." Alex snapped her book shut and stood up, noting with pleasure that she was taller than the bully, if only just. "Yeah?" she asked challengingly. "I think you'll be the one leaving." Before he could retaliate—either verbally or physically—Alex kicked out her feet from beneath her, sending her crashing to the harsh gravel. She landed on her rear and began screaming, much to the shock of those around her. One of the teachers on playground duty rushed over. "What's wrong, dear?" she asked, panicked. Sniffling, Alex thrusted an accusatory finger at the bullies. "They said mean things about me and then pushed me!" The teacher rounded on them like a hawk. "Boys! Is this true?!" She cut off their pathetic stammers with a sharp wave of her hand. "Enough. Come with me. Lunch is over for you lot." They tried to send her one last dirty glare, but were swiftly reprimanded by the teacher as she herded them away. Fierce satisfaction soared through her, and she smirked at their retreating backs. "Thank you." Alex flinched, remembering the other person with her. "It was no problem," she said, grinning slightly. "I'm Alex Fortescue." The boy began to smile back. "My name's Harry Potter." Alex's grin widened to the point that it looked a touch insane. "Nice to meet you, Harry. Wanna play a game?" She knew a lot about Harry Potter – an uncomfortable amount, really. She knew how his parents was stolen from him when he was just a baby, and then he was forced to grow up with a family that would sooner kill him than love him. But that didn't prepare her for the intense reality of it all. "Really?" he asked, hope shining painfully bright in his green eyes. Doubt overcame him as he bit his lip. "But Dudley and his gang… They'll bully anyone who even talks to me…" Alex made a show of flipping her dark hair and thrusting her nose in the air. "I can take on a bunch of little boys," she said haughtily. Reluctant amusement danced in Harry's eyes, thankfully washing away the raw emotion in them. "Well, okay. What do you want to play?" And that was how she befriended the Chosen One. They managed to fit in a few games of I Spy before the bell rang, signalling the end of lunch. Harry seemed pretty bummed at leaving, and Alex couldn't help but reciprocate his sentiments. She would pick him over the kids in her class any day. Sure, they were essentially the same age, but Harry had a sense of maturity to him that the others (well, besides her, but she didn't really count) possessed. Then again, abuse tended to do that to a person. "I'll see you tomorrow," she offered. Smiling, Harry nodded. Damn , she thought, he's adorable . As the days trickled by, she and Harry grew closer. He was slowly emerging from his shell, and smiling much more. She wished she could invite him over sometimes, but her house screamed magic , and her parents would never even entertain the thought. So she worked with what she got. Her 405th day at school was over. Spotting a familiar head of unruly black hair, Alex waved goodbye to Harry with her free hand as the other held onto her mum's. He just managed to raise his hand before he was grabbed by the collar of his shirt and dragged off by a great lump called Dursley. "Who was that?" Mum asked curiously as they headed out of the school. Alex swung her arm enthusiastically, forcing her mum's arm to do the same. "My friend." "Oh? What's his name?" "Harry," she chirped. "He's in the grade below me." "How did you meet?" By the time her tale was over, her mum was grinning in unabashed glee. "Sneaky. But aren't you worried about their revenge?" "Oh, they've tried," she admitted, aiming for casual despite feeling her mum stiffen. "But I can hold my own. They're rather dumb, and Harry is fast." They only tried to attack her during the breaks, but Alex was always careful to stay within the vicinity of an adult. When they caught her unawares that one time, Harry did as she warned prior and ran off, quick as a flash, to the nearest teacher. Mum frowned, but said nothing. Alex's chest ached at her apparent concern. If only she knew what the future held… "Can we see Dad and grab some ice cream?" Mum rolled her eyes. "Sure, but only one scoop." "'Kay."