a bit away from the group. It seemed like Granger was counselling her on something and Ginny nervously nodded her head and walked towards the door beside the newly created stage at the far side of the pub. Blaise appreciated the swaying, fabric hugging arse tantalising him so badly and took a deep gulp of his drink. "Welcome everybody. This is I, Lee your host for tonight! Today's special evening is happening courtesy one Miss Granger and her magic of music. A big round of applause for Hermione Granger!" announced Lee Jordan. "Today is a karaoke night. People are going to come up to this podium and sing popular songs. The lyrics will be there, the music will be there, all you have to do is sing," Hermione explained cheerfully. "Why don't you begin this evening with a song, Hermione?" Lee asked. "They might be the saviours of the Wizarding world but they can't sing to save their lives. Trust me," shouted Pansy from the nearby table. Harry and Ron's loud laugh joined her. "Pansy is right. But in my stead, my best friend…" Hermione began. "Oi!" Ron shouted. "Okay, okay. My best female friend is going to sing on my behalf." Hermione turned to face the door which opened to reveal Ginny. She was now wearing a white flock dress with pink lace overlay that ended at her knees giving her an innocent girl look. She joined Hermione on the stage and gave a dramatic spin and twirl that made her skirt billow around legs. Hermione handed Ginny the microphone and she flicked her hair to one side exposing her long, slender neck. Blaise felt his mouth dry up. He quickly drained his glass, but couldn't bring himself to move his eyes away from Ginny to get another refill. Ginny was singing into the microphone, her beautiful voice filling the pub but Blaise only focused on her full, pink lips moving so tantalisingly. If you change your mind (Ginny sang looking only at Blaise.) Take a chance (Hermione, Pansy and Lavender had come near the stage and were singing the chorus, smiling at Ginny the whole time.) I'm the first in line, Honey I'm still free Take a chance on me (Ginny gave a cheeky wink at Blaise at that.) If you need me, let me know, gonna be around (Ginny then climbed off the podium and made her way towards Blaise who was sitting immobile in a chair, transfixed by Ginny's movements.) If you've got no place to go, if you're feeling down. (Ginny confidently took the whiskey glass from Blaise's hand and placed it on the table.) If you're all alone when the pretty birds have flown Honey I'm still free Take a chance on me (Ginny boldly sat on Blaise's lap sideways, still singing.) Gonna do my very best and it ain't no lie If you put me to the test, if you let me try (Ginny earnestly said the words and Blaise smiled back at her, placing his hands on her waist.) Take a chance on me That's all I ask of you honey (The chorus girls crooned in the background from the stage.) Take a chance on me (With a big smile at Blaise, who was returning her gestures, Ginny kissed him.). The crowd gave a loud cheer and whooped and clapped for the new couple. "This round's on me!" Harry shouted and the crowd whooped again. Somebody began cat-calling when it seemed that Ginny and Blaise hadn't stopped kissing yet. "Lucky bastard!" Draco hissed still sitting at the bar nursing his third drink of the night. "Lucky indeed," Theo added. Draco took a deep gulp and said, "You don't think Hermione would do anything like that for me, do you?" "Nope," Theo replied popping the 'P'. "So no songs for poor, handsome Draco here?" Draco asked bitterly. "Well… if you hadn't insulted the girl you are pining for right now, then maybe there was a chance of planting an idea through Pansy. But you burnt that bridge long ago. Hell, you ruined the foundation before it could even set," Theo explained in a tipsy stupor. "And you didn't even stop me from ruining it?" Draco accused Theo. "I dragged you away from her at the Quidditch pitch but you shouted in your squeakiest voice how your father would hear about the mudblood who was trying to tell Draco the magnificent what to do," Theo spat out. Draco flinched and with another deep gulp finished his drink. "I so want a time turner right now." He then rubbed his face with his palm and kept them covered. "Well, at least you maintained a civil relation with her after the Yule Ball. That's a plus," Theo consoled him. "That can garner me a song, right?" Draco asked hopefully. "Nope," Theo answered popping the 'P' again. "You are destined to be alone. And pathetic. And miserable. And pathetic. And-" "Okay, the drinks have gotten into your head. It doesn't look like Blaise is going to come with us." Blaise was busy sucking the face off the She-Weasley. Draco sneered at that. He would never be so inappropriate with Hermione. Ever. "Let's get you home, my friend." Draco put Theo's glass away and paid the bill and walked to the Floo along with Theo. But not without taking in Hermione's smiling and glowing face happy from being able to help her friend get the love of her life. When she smiled like that, his world lit up. But each day, that light seems to go away a bit...okay, a lot away from him. Soon, she'll again be that unattainable and untouchable person for him. He'd have to act fast. The Valentine's Day seems a great plan for a declaration of love. After all, that's what the day is for. He'll have to make a good use of it. He's Draco Malfoy, for Merlin's sake, he'll figure out something amazing. Obviously. T.B.C. . . Review if you please!