refurbished Grimmauld Place, and Hermione had taught him several more types of ballroom dances. Harry leads her in a Viennese waltz, and the couple carves a smooth path through the swaths of dancers, moving to the music and avoiding everyone else. Hermione had magically shortened her train before reaching the dance floor so no one would step on it, leaving her free to dance and spin as much as she pleases. Harry and Hermione become lost in one another, dancing to several more songs without stopping—they switch from style to style effortlessly, and it's enough to make some people stop and stare in awe. Hermione's radiant smile and Harry's content expression are enough proof that the two are enamored with each other, and multiple witches swoon at the thought of a man looking at them like Harry looks at Hermione. The sky grows dark and the stars come out, all the double doors leading to the garden area thrown open. The sweet scent of evening primroses, moonflowers, and four o'clock flowers permeates the air and the low murmuring of the guests is quiet enough to let the band's music prevail. Harry and Hermione take a break from dancing for some drinks again, speaking lowly with George and Angelina near the bar. Suddenly, a singer walks up on stage and takes the microphone from the podium. She walks closer to the band and places the mic to her lips, preparing to sing. The band strikes up, beginning with the piano and violins. The woman begins singing and the familiar tune causes Hermione to gasp softly. Harry immediately plucks her glass from her hand and places it on the bar. He offers her his hand and smiles knowingly. Hermione blinks away her shock and laughs a little, placing her hand in his own and striding to the dance floor. Harry places his right hand on Hermione's waist and takes her right hand in his left. Her left hand slides to rest on his shoulder and their eyes meet. In unison, he steps forward and she steps back, and just like that they're dancing away once more. The singer's voice swells and fades along with the band's instruments, the tune slow at times but faster at others, rising and falling much like the waves of the sea. The song itself is a Muggle song, so not many people recognize it. Harry and Hermione are one of the only couples dancing, but the rest of the guests are captivated by the vision the two of them create. The couple sways around the dance floor without restraint, Harry twirling and bringing Hermione back into his embrace multiple times. At one point, when the music and the singer's voice rise in pitch and volume to fill the room, to fill their chests and reverberate in their very hearts, Harry wraps his right arm around Hermione's waist. Her left arm goes around his shoulders and then he's lifting her, spinning as the music crescendos around them. His gaze never leaves hers, and they continue dancing despite the scattered yet still muted applause. As they drift along to the music, everything else falls away. To their audience, it seems as if the two could be dancing on air—it wouldn't have surprised many if the couple began floating as they circled the floor, waltzing their way into the sky above. But Harry only sees the woman in his arms. Hermione's warm eyes and curling lips, her dress and hair catching the light cast from the chandeliers as she moves. She's everything he could ever ask for: brave, loyal, trusting, brilliant, intelligent, independent, headstrong, determined, kind, friendly, and so much more. She is his best friend, his closest confidant, his most cherished person...and soon she will be his wife. She gives him that special smile of hers—the one where her eyes soften and her face glows, and he can feel the love she has for him. His chest tightens and warmth coils in his gut, his heart swelling with his own love for her. And then, he knows. He knows he's never going to give this, give her, up. Because this was what he had been fighting for. Not for revenge on Voldemort. Not for an obligation to the wizarding society. The reason he had fought like hell, died , and came back to life? This. Her . She is breathtaking and wondrous and all things good in the world. She is his lifeline. She is his love . And she is what he fought for. He fought for her, and himself. He fought because they were forced to grow up too soon, to make decisions they should never have to make. He fought for their freedom. He fought for their future . Because Harry Potter would be damned if Hermione's last name doesn't become Potter in the next year. The song slows and fades to silence, and Harry and Hermione stop in the middle of the floor, foreheads touching. She presses a kiss to the corner of his mouth and his brings her knuckles to his lips. Their audience claps but neither hears. It's time. x They say their goodbyes and give promises to their friends to write. Then Harry Potter and Hermione Granger, best friends to war heroes to newly engaged couple, leave the Memorial Ball and the British wizarding world behind. It's time to start anew. It's time to start their future. Together. . . OH LOOK I'M SOBBING AGAIN. why is disney so meaningful and beautiful i can't handle it my poor heart...let's just say i have strong feelings for disney and these live action movies are so breathtaking and they leave me blubbering like a baby. i'm such a sucker for disney (and kid's movies in general) anyway. HARMONY FRICK YEAH. i love these two s o much. too much. tell me what you think! also go see beauty and the beast (emma watson is bae). love you guys! peace out girl scouts, queen caffeine