was not like the other children. He did not feel things as they did. For a long time he had thought they were not seeing the same things at all—that their vision must be closed off on all sides by walls high and looming, and bounded to an enclosure in which they frolicked like beasts, sun-drunk and blind to the filth that crept up inch by inch like vines all around them. Tom did not have the privilege of walls. He had to wrestle with the real world, fear and filth and all. But despite everything he couldn't stamp out that treacherous hope that had dug itself into a corner of his mind like a weed. The hope that he could stillbelong somewhere—that though he was special, he could find his place if only he searched well enough. When he had first arrived in Hogwarts, it had been with an ecstasy and hunger that knew no bounds. He had been hungry for everything this new world had to offer and through that haze the shoot of hope had sprung forth once more. He had thought, actually thought , he could be one of them. He had let down his guard. He had forgotten who he was. Deep in thought, he did not notice the rustling behind him until it was too late. Wand in hand, he whipped around to face down the intruder. The clown. From his position on the earthy ridge he was staring at the fire with jaw hanging open, feet planted and arms heavy at his sides. Mesmerised. "Beautiful" he said in pure childlike wonder. Tom glared as he sauntered closer, not knowing what to expect. Let him try and drag me back ,he thought, directing his magic towards an ember on the verge of flickering out. The flame surged forward in response, crackinglike a whip mere inches from the clown's heels. "Oh!" The man cried out before glancing at him, eyes wide. "Oh! Oh!" Tom watched warily as he extended two white gloved hands forward as though miming a glass box, only stopping when his palms brushed the very tips of the flames, eyes darting to and fro as though he were experiencing something too exquisite to be named. He did not flinch. Tom watched the unwelcome visitor for a few minutes while he kept up the act. The man could have still dragged him back to the party to receive his punishment for the pictures, but somehow he doubted it. In fact, he doubted he would have done so even if he had been capable of spitting out anything more than monosyllables. "You? You?" He was staring at him again, slack-jawed. He pointed to the fire and then at him like he was trying to reconcile the two. Well he would give him a show, if he was so desperate for one. Tom drew forth the flames until they formed a blazing sphere around him. In a split second, he condensed the flames into two orbs at his eye level. They were a far cry from his first amateur attempts, and it had taken him embarrassingly long to learn the solution to the gauzy thin orbs was continuous combination. Layer upon layer upon layer. If he were to drop them now they would have split a fissure in the ground half a mile he let them spin around him in opposite directions, each growing faster and faster until they struck each other in an intense flash of light and then launched themselves rocket speed towards the sky. He slowly counted to ten. He let go. The vein of lightning crashed down through the sky with a dazzling flash, but just as it was about to strike the ground Tom transformed it back into flame. It surged up again for half a second until, without a word, he extinguished it. He saw the clown had fled to the trees to watch, the horror of the holy frozen on his face. Moses upon the Lord's unburnt bush. It had been a mistake to expect any more from magical society as he had from the orphanage—he could see that now. A mistake borne of nothing more than idealism and the pathetic loneliness of a child. It was one he would not make again, long as he lived. The sheep could remain sheep. He would transcend. It was with a generous arrangement of sunny smiles and hollow laughter that the matrons lingered on the porch to say their overwrought thank yous and goodbyes after the party, each going as far as stooping down to shake the small hand of the toddler who met the attempts with just as much good grace as their earlier ambuscade of pats and pinches. Their hosts reciprocated with equally well-practiced turns of it was a joy, and do drop by again— affectations that could almost be believed when the woman stopped mid-sentence to return Michael's wave with a misty look and an eager wave of her own. Tom tried to imagine the looks on their faces when they realized. Just as matron Theresa slipped into the driver's seat there came a knock on the window at Tom's side. He opened his eyes drowsily. The clown grinned and waved. Tom rolled the window down, only to have something quickly shoved into his hand. "You" He whispered before raising a single gloved finger to his stretched lips. But the car was moving before Tom could make any sense of the exchange. The boys beside him rambled on as the man continued to shrink smaller in the rear mirror until, in a blur of colour, he disappeared entirely. Caught in the strange feeling he had left in his wake, Tom nearly forgot his fist was still clenched. He opened it slowly. A damp cotton-like material clung to his palm, mixed with the dried bits of some sort of plant. Tom raised the mixture to his nose. He smiled. Perhaps the summers wouldn't be so boring after all.