to use her cat claws but his skin seemed impervious to them. He managed to roll over and finally found his feet again, but Catwoman jumped on him from behind as he was limping away and stuck to his back like a burr, riding him piggyback style. The Penguin's hands flailed through the air as he tried to pull Catwoman away from his person. Somehow he got hold of her head and threw her off. Catwoman landed with a thud, hitting her head on the concrete floor. It seemed she wasn't knocked out right away as she let out a groan in pain. The crowd gasped. The act looked a little too real. Suddenly, a black blur appeared and landed right on top of the Penguin as if he levitated his way there and the crowd then saw Batman not use his weapons but his bare fist to beat some manners into the Penguin. The crowd that was standing around them in circle cheered and chanted but somehow the Penguin got his hands on his umbrella and shouted something in Latin and shot something out of the fully functional Penguin special umbrella. Batman immediately took out his gun and shot back at it neutralising the shot midway. It was a breath holding moment as the two duelled away filling the area in flashing lights that were more often than not were accompanied by some noise. An awry shot caught the Penguin's leg and he crumpled. Batman stopped shooting now and turned to look at his fallen ally for a moment. Catwoman was helped up by a 'Captain America' and she seemed to be holding on to 'Darth Vader' for support. She smiled in reassurance and opened her mouth to say something to Batman when her expression changed and she shouted: "Harry! Look out!" Batman quickly dodged the thrown umbrella, took out his gun and shot at Penguin point blank. Ropes shot out of his gun and wrapped themselves around the villain. When he turned into a mummy wrapped in ropes, he finally stopped shooting at Penguin. He smirked and put his gun into the utility belt. "Woah! How did you do that?" asked a young man, staring admiringly at Harry who was now holding Flint as "the Penguin" by his neck. "Because I'm Batman!" By now, a group of policemen, who were actually Aurors dressed as Gotham police force to maintain the charade, had arrived there and were making their way through the crowd towards the bound villain. Batman flung the bound Penguin at them and took Catwoman away from the helpful superheroes, tightly wrapping his arm around her waist. He dipped her a little and kissed her right on her mouth. The crowd went berserk and loud cries of "I ship them! I totally ship them!" and "He looks so adorable in those glasses! Batman wearing glasses!" and "I'm gonna try glasses on my mask too. It's so practical!" could be heard from around them. As they pulled apart, which was a little too quick for either party, Batman took out his gun and shot it at the roof. He tugged at the rope and it sharply pulled the duo out of the crowd towards the dark ceiling as Catwoman screamed in utter terror and kept shouting "Harry! Stop it this instance! HARRY!" "None of that performance was in the script you realise," remarked a man in the crew's uniform standing on the sidelines. "Yeah, I noticed," replied another crew member. "But the crowd loved it," said yet another as they watched the crowd clap and scream Batman's name. "Batman was wearing glasses. And Catwoman wobbled her way onto the stage." "Eh, it was a good show. Who cares about details?" "Come on. Let's guide the crowd towards the walking tour of the Bat cave. They'll love what we have done." "Yeah! Come on, everybody! Our work's not over yet!" Harry still held Hermione close with one hand as they stood on the roof and watched the people below them scamper to the next attraction. "I guess that counts as 'mission accomplished'," he said smugly. "Probably," Hermione said, rubbing her head. "Can we go home now? I need to get rid of this costume and I need a shower. And…" She stopped mid-sentence and closed her eyes for a second. "I'm just going to do something very quickly. Remember, I hit my head. I might have a concussion and I might not be fully in control of my actions. Also, I was just rescued by the Dark Knight and I think a thank you is in order." And with a smile, she pulled him even closer and kissed him again. This time, the kiss lasted longer and when they finally pulled apart it was only because they had run out of air and had to breathe. "Damned, Mione," Harry grinned. "That was… unexpected." "That was long overdue," Hermione responded in her usual matter-of-fact tone. "Let's go home now." Later that evening… "That bump on your head is not hurting anymore, is it?" Harry asked as he cuddled Hermione's naked form under the covers in his bed. "Nothing that St Mungo's couldn't fix," Hermione replied, placing a kiss on Harry's nose as she snuggled comfortably against Harry's firm body. "Man, you really didn't need the fake abs on that costume," she noticed. "So what do you say? Care to play the damsel in distress who rewards her rescuer for me again or…" "I distinctly remember somebody getting deliciously uncomfortable as he watched the Catwoman saunter up to him," Hermione teased. "It was such a 'blink it and you miss it' moment. I need a better look to get really uncomfortable." "That costume is terribly hard to get into." "You're a witch. Use magic." Hermione hummed. "One condition. You wear that Batman costume now. I would love to be the sexy temptress who seduces the knight of justice by my feminine wiles." "For you? Anything, my love." Review if you please!