you? Pretty despicable?" Harry offered airily. "Are you still hung up on that? Wow, Pansy was right, you really did have a little obsession with me," Draco teased, falling right back into their old roles. "Not even in your dreams, Malfoy." "Oh, you haven't changed a bit," Draco snarked. "Neither have you," Harry decided, and they walked to their hotel room in silence. That was a complete lie, though. Draco had grown into his bony face in a way that made him look almost like one of those marble statues that he saw back on a vacation to Italy a couple years ago. He dressed casually like Kingsley had told him to, but the plaid shirt and tight pants were much more stylish than Harry's polo and khakis. He'd really have to borrow some clothes if Draco somehow (Harry was doubtful that this was even possible) proved himself to be a decent man, maybe even a favorable coworker. Harry was working with Draco , he thought in disbelief as they entered the room in a tense silence. Draco claimed the bed furthest from the window just as he had demanded, and Harry didn't put up much of a fight about it. Both beds had the same blue-striped sheets. Harry turned around to the suitcase he brought in earlier. "We have to get along," he grumbled. " I'm getting along fine," Draco huffed before doing the unthinkable. Right in front of Harry he started to strip, letting his shirt fall to the ground in a mess the hotel maids would have to clean in the morning. Harry's mouth was as dry as the Sahara. "What—What are you doing?" "Going to bed." "For fuck's sake, Malfoy, are you just going to keep being a flippant asshole until you make me regret this decision?" Draco sighed. For a sweet, sweet moment it looked as if Draco was going to give in and agree to attempt a reconnection, but instead he just dropped his jeans to the ground. "I'm going to bed." "Malfoy! I'm still going to be here when you wake up!" Harry reminded him. The whole thing may have felt like a terrible, terrible fever dream, but they both knew it was real. "We have to film tomorrow!" "Obviously. That's why I'm getting some rest; I don't want to look like a zombie on the first day." The way Draco snarled that out definitely implied Harry was going to look like a zombie, which only fanned the flames of his anger. His dream job was turning into a nightmare. "You show up again after all you did to me in school and you just...? You just go to bed?" he demanded. "Malfoy, I don't think you're fully grasping what's going on here. You. Me. Hotel room. Months . Working together and trying to help people." Draco had had quite enough of Potter's ramblings and quite enough of being awake altogether. "Look," he snapped. "I had a rough flight over here. I'm going to sleep, so are you, and we're going to get along in the morning. I don't have some grand scheme to antagonize you." Harry shook his head. "Nope. You can't go to bed." "Why not?" Draco groaned. Harry was like the ghost of his past come to haunt him. Draco was one hell of a jerk back in school, and seeing Harry again—hearing him talk about how Draco had treated him—only added to Draco's pile of self-loathing for who he used to be. "Apologize." "What?" "Apologize, Malfoy." "For what?" Draco demanded. "Oh, I don't know," Harry mused, kicking off his shoes. "Should I retell all of the jokes you made about my parents? Or would it be better if I slipped a note in your locker with a picture of you in a dress on it? Wait, wait, I know! I'll refresh your memory with one of the fucking buttons you made about my friends and I ." Shit. The 'Potter Stinks' buttons were a strange phase in Draco's life. His auntie Bella had bought him a button-maker and he had gone way, way overboard. He'd gotten so many kids at school to wear them. "Okay," Draco said slowly, sitting up on the bed. While Harry may have felt weaker without clothes covering his skinny body, Draco seemed even more empowered in his boxers. "That was kind of a dark time for me." "Ever wonder how it was for me?" Harry laughed. "No, of course not, I don't know why I even asked that." Another groan left Draco's lips. "Fine," he sighed, the second time he'd been coerced into something inadvisable that day. Harry cocked an eyebrow. "Fine, I'm sorry that I was an asshole. I'm going to bed now." Draco tunneled under the sheets, wrapping himself and stuffing a pillow over his head just in case Potter decided to speak any more ridiculous words or request childish apologies. Oddly enough, Harry didn't. He picked a corner that Draco didn't have in his line of vision to change into pajamas, content with what he'd gotten out of the other man. Both of their night stand lights were still on when Harry hopped into his bed. He was never sure what the proper etiquette was for sharing a room with an old arch-enemy. "Malfoy, I'm going to turn these off." There , Harry thought. I used to be able to hold my own against Malfoy all the time. Worrying about him being here is just going to make me crazy. All I have to do is put up with him. "Draco," Draco corrected and turned his lamp off. "Hm?" "For the show," Draco clarified. "It'd be confusing to the audience if we used last names." "Right. The audience." Kingsley was right about one thing: they had a huge day tomorrow. Whether it was the massive salary, the adventure, or the fact that Draco thankfully didn't snore in his sleep that night, Harry figured he may as well look forward to it.