to kill him. She rushed to the hospital wing only to find Astoria sitting beside him, running her fingers through his hairs. Draco moaned and Astoria caressed his hair. His arms twitched restlessly as he moaned again. Astoria got up and went to call Madam Pomphrey. Pansy tried to come near him to soothe him but Astoria and Madam Pomphrey spotted her. "What are you doing here, Ms Parkinson? And so late?" Madam Pomfrey asked curtly, not liking that a student was out of bed after curfew. "I came to see Draco," Pansy replied meekly. "That's what visiting hours are for," Madam Pomfrey replied. "Now, now, go back to your dorm. It is late now." "But- but Astoria? Why is she here?" Pansy demanded, stubbornly standing her ground. "That's because she is his fiancee," Astoria replied snippily, her chin pointed towards Pansy. She tried to look down her nose at Pansy but it didn't work given Pansy was taller than her. Pansy saw Astoria's eyes glint with pride. "What do you mean, fiancee?" "It means I am engaged to be wed to Draco," Astoria snapped shoving her ring finger with the Malfoy heirloom ring on Pansy's face. The shine of the diamond in the dim candle light seemed to taunt Pansy, telling how the one dream of her was now dashed to pieces. Tell me this is just a dream 'Cause I'm really not fine at all Pansy ran towards her dorm like there were hounds of hell nipping at her heels. Her vision was fuzzy with the tears that didn't seem to stop flowing. She sobbed but didn't stop running until she reached her room. The door slammed open, waking up her roommates. She screamed at the top of her voice, pulled at her hair. "NO! THIS CANNOT BE HAPPENING! DRACO IS MINE! HE CANNOT BETRAY ME LIKE THIS!" Her roommates were drowsy with sleep ladened eyes, they could hardly understand what was happening. Pansy screamed herself hoarse. That was like a bucket of cold water on their face. They shared a look and brought out their wands to stop Pansy from going insane. Pansy threw a something against the wall. Crying hysterically, crumpling to the floor sobbing her heart out. Someone pitied the girl fallen at their feet and went out to call their Head of the House. Pansy needed help. The war was over. Sure, Pansy had tried to serve Harry on a silver platter to the Dark Lord but she did that only to get back at what Potter for what he did to Draco. She hadn't forgotten it, oh no… she hadn't forgiven it either. She had tried to find Draco after the war but he was nowhere to be found. Many said he went away with his parents quite sometime before the start of the battle. And now her parents came to take her away to France away from a recovering Wizarding Britain, away from the taint of being associated with the Death Eaters. She later kept tabs on Draco through the trashy Witch Weekly. One day it even featured Draco's wedding. The wedding photo looked like it came out of a fairytale but Pansy was sure that she could see only lust in Astoria's eyes whereas Draco's eyes were cold, shut off. 'It wouldn't be a happy marriage. He hadn't married for love.' The pictures that you sent me they're still living in my phone I'll admit I like to see them, I'll admit I feel alone It was a long time until she met Draco again. She had read about the now widower Draco Malfoy. Daphne, despite being mean to her, had told her about how Draco and Astoria had a plain pureblood marriage life. They had grown to be friends, they had loved each other, they were parents to a beautiful baby boy, but they weren't in love with each other. Draco had once confessed to Theo, Daphne's now husband, in a drunken stupor after Astoria's funeral that he should have grown a spine and confessed his love to his first true love. Yes, he had been happy with her; yes, they had some lovely memories but he regretted his marriage, he regretted being the obedient son, he didn't regret his son but he regretted a lot of things. It hurts to know you're happy, yeah, it hurts that you've moved on It's hard to hear your name when I haven't seen you in so long Pansy Parkinson was now Pansy Goyle now but she knew if she approached Draco he would take her in. They still had a prospect to rekindle their love that never got a chance. She booked the first Portkey to Britain. She could give her life for him, so what was marriage in the face of it? If today I woke up with you right beside me Like all of this was just some twisted dream I'd hold you closer than I ever did before And you'd never slip away She reached to find Draco with his son in the crowd. That platinum blonde hair shone like a beacon. She walked towards him when he turned the other way and opened his arms. But his son was faster than him; he ran and gave a bear hug to a petite, tanned brunette who was beaming at Draco's boy. Draco approached that woman and placed a passionate kiss on her lips. The kid said something that had the adults in peals of laughter. Hermione Granger ruffled Draco's son's hair and Draco wrapped his arms around Hermione's shoulders. They looked like a family. The shine of gem shone on Hermione's ring finger. No, wait. They are a family. Pansy stood there, tears running down her painted cheeks and falling on the floor. 'Cause I'm not fine at all No, I'm really not fine at all Tell me this is just a dream 'Cause I'm really not fine at all. My first ever angst story. Review if you please.