only ever heard that Draco..." Severus could not understand the source of Harry's nervousness at first, but then it clicked. "Is this about sex?" Harry flushed and looked down as he nodded. "I am in no hurry to start a sexual relationship," said Severus. "We can wait as long as you would like." "No, that's not it," said Harry, though the relief was still evident on his face. "I've loved you for years, and you love me back. I'd have sex now." "What's the problem, then?" asked Severus, not understanding. If he was not worried that Severus would leave him, what could he possibly fear? "I've never had sex before," said Harry. "I had assumed as much," said Severus. "I see no reason why that would be a problem." "I've just heard things about Malfoy, okay?" said Harry miserably. "How he's so great he could turn any man gay. I don't even know how to seduce someone who's already gay. I can't compete with that." Severus kissed Harry again, just a gentle brush of his lips this time. "Sex is not a competition, though even if it were, you would win. I love you, and you love me. That is more important than anything else." "But what if I'm horrible?" asked Harry. "I cannot imagine that could possibly be the case, especially if those kisses are anything to go by," said Severus. Harry blushed and smiled shyly. "Want to go find out for sure?" "Harry Potter, are you propositioning me?" Harry laughed. "I suppose if you want to put it that way, sure." Severus kissed him. "Only if you are certain. I meant what I said before; I will wait as long as you want." "About ten seconds, then. Okay. Good to know." Harry grinned at Severus before kissing him again, more passionately this time, which Severus would not have thought possible. And how could he possibly say no to that? -HPSS- In hindsight, Harry didn't know what he had been worried about. Being with Severus was the most natural, pleasurable experience he had ever had. Severus took his time learning Harry's body and making him feel things he hadn't even known were possible. While Harry knew he still had a lot to learn about Severus's body, it was clear that Severus very much enjoyed their lovemaking. Afterward, Harry lay in Severus's arms, a happy smile on his face. He couldn't believe how fast things had changed. How was it that when he came up here, he was sure Severus was in love with Malfoy and was about to tell Harry to leave and never come back, and now he was naked and snuggled close to the man he loved, the man who loved him back and was slowly carding his fingers through Harry's hair? "I can't believe this is happening," he said. "I keep waiting for this to be some terrible joke or a dream or something." "I assure you it is not a joke, though I also fear this might prove to be nothing but a dream," said Severus. Harry smiled and kissed Severus. Then he pinched himself and let out a small yelp of pain. "What on earth was that for?" asked Severus. Harry laughed. "Just checking. Definitely not a dream." Severus sighed, but Harry could see the smile in his eyes, the smile which soon found its way to his lips, as well. "Idiot." Harry smiled at that. He had spent years thinking he wasn't smart enough for Severus, and yet now he wasn't bothered by the insult at all, as he could hear the affection behind it. "I love you" said Harry. "I love you too," said Severus. -HPSS- The next morning, Severus left to tell Draco to his face that he could no longer be with him. Severus had never been on this side of a break up before, and it was more painful than he thought it would be, even knowing that Harry was waiting for him at home. "It's Potter, isn't it?" asked Draco when Severus said he was in love with someone else. When Severus stared at him in surprise, Draco sneered. "It wasn't that hard to figure out. Why else would you let him work for you? It's not like he has any talent at all. I should've known." Severus wanted to tell Draco not to insult Harry, but then he saw the pain in Draco's eyes and kept his mouth shut. He might not love the blond, and they might have very different ideas about what constituted a good partner, but he still felt bad having hurt the young man. He let Draco rant, apologized, and then returned to his flat, where Harry was waiting for him with a large cup of coffee and a homemade breakfast. "Are you okay?" asked Harry nervously. It took a moment for Severus to realize Harry feared he might have changed his mind. "I regret having to hurt him, but it had to be done. You are the one I love, the one I want to spend the rest of my life with. I only wish we had figured out the truth before I accepted Draco's offer the first time." Harry gave him a small smile and then pulled him in for a hug. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner." "I was not blaming you," said Severus. "I kept my feelings to myself, as well." "I know," said Harry. "I still wish I had said something sooner, though. But at least we figured it out eventually." "Indeed." "Are you hungry?" asked Harry, gesturing to the food on the kitchen table. "I didn't know what else to do while I waited for you to get back." Severus smiled. "It looks delicious, Harry." Harry beamed at him, and the two of them sat down at the table and had their first of many breakfasts together, discussing the day ahead and reading the paper, a tradition they would uphold for the next one hundred years.