and removed her work robes and threw them at a flabbergasted Draco. Shooting Ron an icy glare and a sneer that would give Draco a run for his galleons, she walked over to a group of men huddled together near the opposite side of the café with a 'I'll give you approachable, Weasley, and if I don't have a date for the stupid ball today, you can start calling me anti-social' at Ron's shocked face. Draco eyed Hermione with narrowed eyes as she began conversing with a brown-haired muscular twit, laying a gentle hand on his toned arm, and glowered darkly as she let out a mesmerizing tinkle of laughter at something or other that he'd said while wrapping his arms around her slender waist. Turning his rage at the one responsible for this situation, he launched himself at a defenceless Ronald and had to be held back by Harry. 'You brainless oaf! Look at what you've done! Was it so damn freaking hard to keep that mouth of yours shut?' Ron's whimpered 'I didn't think she would go to some other bloke… It was s'pposed to be you' rang in Draco's ears all day, so much so that by the end of his working shift, he could hardly recount the productive work he'd done that day. That was also the day he asked Astoria Greengrass to the Ministry's Annual Winter Ball with a heavy heart and flashing eyes. …. Draco Malfoy gracefully twirled Astoria around the dance floor under the sparkling fairy lights. Together, both of them represented everything the society placed high value in… beauty, elegance and wealth. They were the embodiment of perfect… Draco's mind however was not in the Ball, but with one frizzy-haired brunette who his eyes searched tirelessly, but couldn't find anywhere. He wondered briefly if she had come to the ball at all before dismissing that thought from his mind. Of course, she'd have come. She might be snuggled into a corner somewhere with that brainless twit from the café who had become her date for this very event. It was something he'd learnt the hard way, while trying to convince Hermione to join him for lunch only to have that man whisk her away with a 'Hey, gorgeous. Ready for some quick lunch before we go shopping for your dress for the ball?' The mere thought had his insides clenching in barely concealed distaste before he skilfully schooled his features to look coolly indifferent and amused at the same time. As his eyes continued their involuntary quest to seek those warm chocolate-brown orbs swirling with caramel, he found them fixed unblinking onto his own. He allowed himself a tiny respite from the nauseating conversation Greengrass had engaged him into as his eyes wandered the length of her, eyeing with immense pride the floor-length simple lace covered lilac gown that she wore, fitted perfectly to accentuate her womanly curves, her hair pulled up in a sophisticated up do that had her looking like a freaking princess. He flashed her a dazzling smile, which she returned with a weak, tentative one, before making her way onto the balcony overlooking the ethereal backdrop of the bustling city and the horizon merging with the dark sky. Ending his dance, he let his date be dragged into another before he traced Hermione's steps and walked out onto the balcony only to find the man who was supposed to be her date playing tonsil-hockey with some other bimbo. Rage boiling inside him at a steady rate, he set about searching for Hermione, confused about whether to tell her or not and then feeling triumph for which he had no cause. He found her at last, sitting on a park bench and enjoying the gentle breeze that fluttered across her smooth cheeks. 'Your… your date.' He said, unsure about how he should go about telling her that while she was waiting here for him to probably get her a glass of wine or something, he was up there, snogging some daft tramp. 'Well, I found him sucking some chit's face.' He figured being brutally honest was the best way to go and only received a tinkle of sweet laughter from her, her eyes creasing with mirth. 'Oh, Draco.' She said, when he scratched awkwardly at the back of his neck. 'Do you mean Mike? Well, he's not my date, Draco. He never was. And the woman you probably found him with is his fiancé, Monica. Whatever made you think he was my date?' Now feeling thoroughly embarrassed, he just shrugged. 'You would have lunch with him every day and then he took you dress shopping for the ball, so…' he trailed off, no=w feeling more idiotic than ever. Hermione dimpled at him. She pulled him down to sit beside her on the bench and placed a small kiss on his cheek. 'I had lunch with him every day, because I figured you would want to have it with Astoria. As for the dress, I didn't go with him alone, Monica was there too.' 'Oh.' 'Oh is right. As for my date for the ball, well, the one man I wanted to go with was already taken… so I figured I might as well come by myself.' 'And who might this man be?' Draco wasn't prepared for the blush that spread across her cheeks, but he was even more unprepared for what she said just after. 'One blond-haired, snotty Unspeakable partner of mine.' Quickly overcoming his shock, his face morphed into a wide grin. 'Well, I'm glad, because the feeling's mutual.' Saying thus, he captured her lips in a gentle kiss that blew her away and had her melting into him. She wrapped her arms delicately around his neck as she snuggled closer into him. 'Good.' She said when they resurfaced for lack of oxygen. 'Our perfect imperfection is one of a kind, I'd say.' …. So, guys, that's it! Hope you enjoyed it. Don't forget to review! Love, Quilldragon23746.