a tough one. I mean, they're all so good, aren't they?" She sighed, looking upward as if the answer would appear to her on the ceiling. "'Leather and Lace' maybe? Or 'Stop Draggin My Heart Around'?" "So you like the duets, then?" "I guess so," she agreed. "I like the way she harmonizes with Tom Petty especially. What about you?" "I know it's probably clichéd, but 'Edge of Seventeen' is my favorite. That riff is so haunting, and man, she really just belts it out, you know?" He could feel his goofy grin getting out of control again, but he didn't care. "Yeah. I get it." She shifted a little, snuggling deeper into the couch, digging her toes in between the cushions. Her eyes fluttered shut, a soft smile spreading across her features as she listened to the music play on. Taking a cue from her, Sirius did the same, leaning back and letting himself get lost in the sounds of Stevie singing and the long-forgotten feelings that it evoked. His mind drifted, taking him back to those few years of bliss between Hogwarts and Azkaban that, though rife with the threat of ongoing war, had still been the happiest time of his life. Except… Things really weren't so bad anymore, were they? He still had Remus, and though James and Lily were, of course, irreplaceable, the void that he'd felt for so long had slowly been filled. The pain was no longer unbearable, and - he realized with a start - it was due in large part to the fact that he had, somewhere along the way, managed to construct himself a new surrogate family. He was actually… happy, in this odd little existence he'd carved out for himself. Harry was so much like his father, and yet still his own person. While Sirius loved that James lived on through his son, having the opportunity to learn the nuances that made Harry unique was a beautiful experience. Witnessing the shenanigans that seemed to follow the Weasley boys wherever they went was an amusing reminder of his own delightfully misspent youth, and Ginny was a formidable young witch in her own right. He wasn't sure exactly when it had happened, but he had come to fondly regard her as the baby sister he'd never known he wanted. He'd finally had the chance to really get to know his cousin Andromeda and her daughter, Tonks, who was a real spitfire of a young woman. And then there was Hermione… His eyes cracked open and he snuck a glance at the girl sitting peacefully on the other end of the couch. They'd certainly had their ups and downs in the time they'd known each other - from her saving his life with a Time Turner and astounding him with her precociousness at the tender age of fourteen, to him being annoyed by her swift and harsh judgement of his actions in his own home as a naively indignant fifteen-year-old - but as she hovered on the precipice of adulthood, he found that he now felt only the warm glow of affection for her. Sure, she was still a swotty, bossy little thing, but in all honesty, she reminded him a bit of Lily at that age. Irritating at times, yes - but endearingly so. And much like how both Lily and Remus had served as the very necessary anchor that tethered James and himself to solid ground during some of their wilder moments, Hermione's tenacity was a crucial component to the family unit that Sirius now found himself a part of. He was not ignorant to the role that she had played in the many (mis)adventures that she'd been a party to with Harry and Ron; indeed it was quite likely that she was the sole reason that the three of them had managed to survive much of it. The boys weren't lacking in the stereotypical Gryffindor traits - particularly the propensity to rush headlong into danger - but she balanced them out by bringing her keen and cunning mind to the table, and Sirius was immensely grateful for that particular trait in her. She really was beginning to come into her own, and Sirius wondered idly when one of the two aforementioned boys would notice it. Though, he admitted to himself, it was entirely impossible that neither of them would until it was too late. He knew that, at their age, he'd been completely lacking the maturity required to appreciate such an understated gem, and he wouldn't be surprised if Harry and Ron were unfortunately late for that party as well. Maybe one of the other Weasley boys would decide to court her; she seemed like the sort of young woman who would be well-suited for someone a bit older. Truthfully, he suddenly realized, it was a shame that he was quite as old as he was… If the age gap between them wasn't so inappropriately wide, she'd be exactly the type of witch that he would be interested in pursuing these days. But the circumstances were what they were, and he forced himself to dismiss the thought as quickly as it had occurred to him. As if on cue, the opening notes of 'Edge of Seventeen' sounded out, and he could have laughed out loud at how accurately the song represented the situation at hand. Hermione opened her eyes and beamed at him; it was the kind of smile that spread warmth through him like the first rays of sunlight at dawn. He wished he could capture it in a jar to keep with him for darker times. "It's your favorite song," she said softly. Nodding slowly in agreement, he said, "It really is." A smile of his own bloomed on his face, and there they sat, just two music aficionados grinning at each other like loons as they listened to Stevie Nicks sing out her soul. xXx " Ah, music. A magic beyond all we do here!" -Albus Dumbledore