"After all we went through you really want to believe that. After everything we were best friends Mimi we knew each other inside out you can't honestly believe that after everything we went through you would believe her over me…. your boyfriend… your best friend… who happens to be your first love while you're mine… the one person who you used to run too every time someone tries to bully you or when you told me about Malfoy and his cronies until you punched the bloody git in the face in your 3rd year and told me it felt good do you even remember who taught you that," he cried out in protest. "Yes well…" Hermione coldly spats leaving Jax to flinch "Clearly it changed between us didn't it because we haven't seen each other in over 6 years since the day you cheated on me on our 3-year anniversary with that slag of an ex-girlfriend of yours now did it?!" she snarled leaving him quiet. "But, but, but, but, but- "Jax protested weakly as they headed outside of Room of Requirement which took them awhile to be into safety leaving everyone to sigh in relief then Harry, Hermione and Ron kicked the diadem into the fire and closed the door behind them "Mimi you don't mean that…" he sadly says in a whisper tones by moving a bit farther away from the door. Harry was breathing heavily as he felt the pain that Voldemort felt while Draco, Blaise and Goyle left to the other side of the castle running away. "Bloody hell we're never doing that again, no matter how many times you both want to save people even ex-lovers who's trying to get everyone killed," Ron complained which left everyone to glare at him with an icy cold look mostly Hermione though "What?" he asked. Apparently Hermione was breathing heavily as her tone of voice was cold as ice "Jason. Jacob. William. Santos," Harry and the boys shivered form her tone of voice "Don't think just because you're hiding behind Harry and the boys do you really think I would let you get away with you just did," she calmly replied; again the boys shivered that left Draco and his friends to hide behind the tall statue by the corner. Jax slowly looked up seeing his ex-girlfriend Hermione's eyes in anger with fire in her eyes breathing heavily coming and gulped nervously. Harry who was closer to him. "I don't know the full details between you two but, at this rate you might want to run now," Harry flatly whispered. Jax didn't have to be told twice as he got up and ran the other way heading to the Great Hall screaming his head off while Hermione ran after him screaming after him "JAX GET BACK HERE YOU BLOODY COWARD AND FACE ME LIKE A MAN," she yelled running after him but, was hold off by Harry and Ron by the waist until she bit Ron and got away leaving him to yelp in pain. "Oh no she got away," Ron whined at this waving his hand a bit "She bit me," "Come on Ron we have to grab Hermione so we can destroy Nagini the last horcrux," Harry hissed in whisper tones dragging Ron ignoring his question as they finally managed to find Hermione hexing poor Jax and saw that Nagini (the snake) was heading towards straight towards Hermione from behind until Ron and Harry made a fast plan to grab the snake's attention. "Hey you big snake over here!" Ron blurted out heading towards him instead of Hermione while Harry tried to kill from behind but, tripped over his feet as Nagini did a hiss towards them grabbing Ron to the other side "RON RUN!" he screamed in horror as they tried to run but, thankfully Neville came just in time "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH DIE YOU EVIL BLOODY SNAKE!" he exclaimed cutting the snake's head off much to Harry's and Ron's relief. Once they finally found Hermione who was breathing heavily almost as she was about to pass out but, she got up as Harry and Ron yelled for her fighting off the death eaters and instantly killed them with one wave that instantly killed the death eaters immediately leaving them to widen their eyes in shock as they continued to fight off the death eaters. Hermione was breathing heavily waving it off "We have a war to win and Harry kill that bloody bastard before I do it for you," she coldly says. Harry nodded knowing not to be told twice and that's when Harry and Voldemort finally battled and won leaving 'Lord Voldemort' defeated as they were finally free leaving everyone to cheer for this as every death eater had run off while the aurar's chased after them. Most of the death eaters were dead while the ones who escaped were captured. Harry and Voldemort fought off and won the war. Harry and his friends won once Harry used the deadly curse "AVADA KEDEVRA!" Voldemort instantly died that left the light side to win the war. "We did it Mione… we really did it," Harry tiredly says. "Yes we finally did it…" Hermione gave a small smile nodded at this "We're finally free Harry and Voldemort won't return… so what's there to worry about," she replied sadly. Harry frowned at this comment about to ask but, she cut him off "Come on we should check on Ron and see if the others are alright," she suggested leaving Harry to nod at this. "Sure," Harry answered as he put his arm around his best friend heading inside the castle to celebrate seeing as they just won the war. ~*~End of Prologue~*~ Yes, I'm finally done with this introduction it took a while but, I finally finish it. I also want to point out the ones who play Jason (Jax or Jace) is Taylor Launter and the one who plays Seth is BooBoo Stewart. Don't forget to R/R.