one of the best nights of his life! . . . Soon after that night, Draco had asked Hermione to be his girlfriend with a bouquet where the outer ring was made of red carnation, followed by a ring of violets, then yellow roses and a single dark rose in the middle of the bouquet. She did take her time and asked him about the flower arrangement. It was only after that did she say yes. Hermione was a wonderful girlfriend. She didn't nag him or didn't cling to him like a baby monkey. That doesn't mean he didn't pull her into isolated alleys or the empty broom closets. During once such personal time, Draco heard footsteps and put Hermione behind him giving her time to take care of her flustered state. He, then, noticed that Gryffindor Muggleborn guy -some...D...Dean!- walking suspicious past the abandoned alcove where Draco and Hermione had been making out. 'Why is that guy walking like that?' Draco thought. Draco came out and placed his hand on Dean's shoulder from behind. "What are you doing here? It's nearly after curfew." "Doin' ma business, bro," Dean replied without turning to face Draco. "What?" But before Draco could get an explanation from Dean, a crowd of students surrounded him. "A graph book!" "I need three ink pens." "Batteries. I need at least two pairs. One for me and one for Ginny." This came from Hermione. "Wait! What?" Draco asked his girlfriend who was now part of the crowd. "Ginny likes listening to music," Hermione told him jumping from one feet to another waiting for her turn to get her items. "That doesn't explain why she needs batter-eyes," Draco argued. Hermione rolled her eyes at him. " Batteries run the music player, remember? I gave you one too. I was getting a pair for mine so I thought to take one pair for Ginny too." Draco didn't mention that he had ruined that music player. After it stopped playing music, he had casted a spell on it to make it play music again. That pesky thing just exploded into pieces. 'It seems it must have run of batteries,' Draco realised. "What's this boy doing?" Draco asked instead pointing out to Dean who was taking the coins and giving his ' customers ' what they wanted. He would deal with that device later. "I call them Smuggleborns. They smuggle muggles stuffs into the castle for their customers. And provide them at places like this." "Why?" "Dean gets a kick out of the whole cloak and dagger thing. It makes him feel important. Wait—let me show you something," Hermione said turning towards Dean who didn't have any customers lurking now. "Hey, Dean. Draco's very new to this. So, could you introduce yourself?" Dean flashed Hermione a smile and held out his hand for Draco to shake. As soon as Draco shook Dean's hand, Dean said, "The name's Born. Smuggleborn." Draco looked at his girlfriend for clarification. But he found her sporting a wide grin. "But your name is Dean Thomas," Draco stated. "Well then. The name's Smuggleborn, Dean Thomas Smuggleborn. It was a pleasure meeting you but now I GTG," Dean replied as he slowly slinked into the shadows and walked away humming an oddly catchy tune. "What. Was. That?" "You just watched the black market in action, Draco," Hermione replied. "That notorious black market that sells those thinner than parchment things with grids!" Draco exclaimed. "They are called graph papers, Draco! Gods, hasn't anyone introduced you to the muggle things that available in Hogwarts?" "What's G T G?" "Got To Go," Hermione replied. "Go where?" Draco asked in confusion. "G T G. Dean said that. It means Got To Go," Hermione explained, smirking at him. "There is something large going on in Hogwarts that I have no idea about, right?" Draco questioned her, defeat colouring his tone. "Draco," Hermione cooed. "Don't worry. Your Muggleborn girlfriend shall teach you everything. And we are going to start with Disney movies." The glint in his girlfriend's eye made him wary. But he trusted her enough. . . . Friday nights turned into movie nights. Hermione used the Room of Requirement as her personal movie theatre. The Room turned into a cosy place with a loveseat and a wide screen to show the movies. She managed to turn yet another Muggle device magical interference resistive. In the beginning, she made him watch children's movie. She vehemently told him that Disney movies were for every age but come on… a story about a baby deer living in a forest? Yes, it was a nice story. Yes, even he was saddened by the death of Bambi's mother. But it essentially was a children's movie. Despite that, did it stop his girlfriend? Of course not! Draco wasn't nearly that lucky. Now after going through a month of movie night, Draco found his favourite genre- the action fantasy genre. Today, Hermionedecided to invite their friends too. It was a conglomeration of all students regardless of their houses. Hermione had selected the latest movie they hadn't seen yet. This one was another Disney movie given many of their friends hadn't seen a movie before and Hermione loved following her movie traditions. Draco would never accept it but even he liked watching those children's movie. What he liked more was watching Hermione mouthing those sappy songs. She fiddled with all those…rope like things called wires and set up those devices that will project the movie on the big, white screen. His girlfriend was a genius. Watching his girlfriend look so happy was worth sharing their special time with their friends. Draco was positive he heard Blaise, Pansy and Potter sniffle when Moana's grandmother died. Hell, even Hermione had tears running down her face making him feel like an unfeeling jerk. Even then, it was worth getting facing Mugglization. After all, he had a wonderful girlfriend who would guide him through this fun ride. . . . Review if you please!!