uttered, looking down at the table, knowing this year was the year everything changed and everything got even worse. She remembered how after Sirius' death Remus had retreated into himself for a while. "Do we defeat him?" "Yes." Hermione uttered, knowing there was no point in avoiding the subject. "For good?" "I hope so," Hermione uttered, rubbing her eyes, her voice small. "Sorry to ask Hermione, for you, how long ago did it happen?" He asked softly. "A month or two - I don't know Remus, it's been a blur ever since. I suppose in a way it's a relief to be here to get away from it all." "Yeah, I understand that, and Harry?" "He's okay, he's getting there, we all are." "That's a relief, once you get back will you send him our love yeah?" Hermione glanced up at that, knowing he'd read her like a book. She damned his wolf senses, but was at least relieved that he didn't just outright ask her like Sirius. "I will - if I ever get back," She added with a small forced laugh. "We'll get you sorted," Remus smiled, "How's school going?" They fell into an easy conversation, Hermione skipping details but giving him a rough overview of the past year; at least he would be prepared in some way If he remembered her words. She still wasn't quite sure what this was after all; all she knew the shock could have actually killed her when she was in the attic and this was her Heaven. "A shock, something shocked me," she uttered in surprise, eyes widening as she interrupted Remus mid-sentence. "Sorry?" "The thing in the attic, I was holding it and it shocked me," she smiled brightly as she remembered. "Do you think Sirius has found it yet?" "He'll have shouted us if he had," Remus couldn't help but smile slightly: this was the first time all day that she had responded to something in the way that his Hermione would. It was getting late and Hermione kept catching Remus glancing at the clock. She'd cooked them both some food and they had even played a game of cards, but still, Sirius didn't seem to be any closer to finding the staircase. "Go home Remus," Hermione finally uttered, "Thank you for staying with me but please, go home,," Hermione smiled at him before letting out a yawn, "besides, I think it's best Sirius calls it a day; surely he's searched every nook and cranny of this house twice over." "He probably stopped to take a nap somewhere," Remus smiled before heading over to do the door, "he has been uncharacteristically quiet for the past couple of hours though." "You're probably right," Hermione giggled. "Padfoot?" There was a crash from above them and Hermione laughed, picturing the man jerking awake. "Yeah?" "I've got to get going," Remus called back. "Alright, give me a minute," Sirius called back, sounding like he was struggling slightly. Hermione couldn't help but laugh as he appeared in the doorway, covered in dust amongst other things. "I'll carry on searching tomorrow Hermione, I promise," Sirius uttered, crestfallen that he hadn't managed to find the elusive staircase yet. He relaxed as he saw her smiling, a familiar twinkle in her eyes. "Thank you Sirius, I really appreciate it." "Sorry to cut this short-" "Don't be daft," Hermione cut him off, offering him a smile. "I'll be back to tomorrow," he promised, wrapping his arms around Hermione and she surprised herself by finding great comfort in his embrace. Remus left and Hermione insisted on heating up the leftovers of the meal she had made, forcing Sirius to eat. "So did you find anything?" She questioned, hopeful that Sirius might have come across even the smallest of things that might've helped even if he hadn't found the staircase. "Well I found a stash of sweets that look like they belong to Fred and George, a dozen toothbrushes, a block of cheese that's waaaay past it's prime and a tshirt that I thought I had lost when I was 12. But alas, no staircase," Sirius sighed and Hermione couldn't help but laugh. "Well I hope you didn't eat any of those sweets; they set up their own little business this year, selling sweets to make you ill and get you out of class." "Did it go well?" "It actually did," Hermione laughed, "It came in very helpful." "Hermione Granger skipping class?" Sirius laughed gleefully. "No! Never," She uttered, "We had an an… altercation which they helped us get out of." "Those boys are going to go far," He grinned to himself, his mind going back to his days at Hogwarts, completely missing the heartbreak that clutched at Hermione. She pulled herself together quickly, scolding herself. "I remembered something earlier by the way - something shocked me whilst I was in the Second Attic. I can't remember what it was but that's what seems to have sent me back here." "Right... okay..." Sirius uttered, getting lost in his thoughts for a second, "Well at least we have a bit of an idea what we're looking for when we find the staircase then." Hermione and Sirius had retired to his room. They both sat on the sofa, Sirius on one end whilst Hermione curled up on the other with a blanket over her legs, trying her hardest not to fall asleep. He propped his head up with his hand as he spoke to her, telling her a story from when he and the Marauders had finished school. She laughed lightly at their antics, asking for more until Sirius was watching with a small smile as the witch was fighting to stay awake before eventually giving in to it. He carefully picked her up, carrying her across to his bed where he placed her down before covering her with his duvet. Sirius placed a kiss on her forehead before going back to the sofa, rearranging it slightly before falling to sleep himself.