Ognak studied him for a moment before speaking slowly, "If you were older you could fix this problem with your other vaults, boy. However, as it stands that is not an option for you." He blinked before asking in a relief-filled voice, "I have other vaults?" Ognak's facial expression changed while looking at him and it was a rather peculiar sight. It looked like a death glare mixed with a smirk to him but he listened as the old goblin talked anyway, "Yes boy your house vaults. The Potter Vault and the Black Vault." Seeing the clueless look that must have been plastered on his face Ognak continued, "The accounts you gain access to at seventeen when you take up your Lordships." "What do you mean Lordships?" Harry squawked. Now the aged goblin actually frowned at him, as though he had being appraised and was being found wanting, before continuing, "Of course, as the last Potter you would eventually claim Lordship of your House and all that entails. I can see being the Heir Apparent of House Black being a surprise given the members of the house, but it is very well documented. Now as you need money for this years tuition you will either have to take out a loan or attain a job. However at your age most any human job would require a signed affidavit from your legal guardians." Feeling completely, lost Harry asked the first thing that came to his mind, "The Dursley's would probably think its great that I could no longer learn magic." Ognak was still frowning but, he could not help but notice the older goblin had a look in his eye that looked like Hermione when she had a plan. The older goblin shuffled around a few papers before picking up one pile and leafing through it for a moment before stopping and reading intently. When the goblin looked up he had what could almost pass as a smirk on his face, "Well mister Potter there seems to be two other ways that we could go about this. The first and easiest would be for you to apply to work as an assistant on one of our Curse Breaking teams for the summer. You will not be guaranteed a position but there is a chance. We at Gringotts do not put such stock by age as you humans do, and if the expedition leaders feel you have proven yourself you will be able to accompany them." He perked up at that, he didn't really know what he would need to do but there was a possibility and before he could help himself a question bubbled out of him, "Were would I go for that?" The goblin looked thoughtful for a second, "Well I do believe I might know of a particular expedition that you could apply to work for. However, you will need to move rather quickly for it. Down the hall there is an office labeled 'Winston Geoffre' you will have to wait in the line that is surely formed up there. The man inside will be running interviews for who will be going on a curse breaking expedition he is running in China this summer,. You will have to hand him this note and then answer any questions he has. If you were to get a job there, you would be a helper of sorts, taking notes for them and assisting in menial labor as needed. However, the money would be more than enough to pay your tuition." Looking at the note, Harry only had time to say, "Thank you. Thank you so much," before making to run out the door in search of Mr. Geoffre. Frowning at the papers for the plan he had made and the boy had ignored, Ognak dropped a piece of red twine on them. The piece of twine bundled them all together on it's own and knotted itself tightly. Putting the parcel to the side he rang a crystal on his desk to call his nephew to his office, he started planning how he was going to get that boy back into his office. HPatEA Axebreaker looked at his uncle Ognak, and knew his face shown every bit the confusion and annoyance that was on his mind. Taking a deep calming breath, he grunted, "Why do you want me to look after this brat if that idiot human is dumb enough to bring the child." His uncle shook his head slightly in his normal patronizing manner before finally answering in his normal patronizing tone the old wind bag, " I showed you the reports that Flitwick had sent in on the child's exploits at that school. Sure, some are most likely exaggerated by that half-breed, but still the boy could prove to be useful. If nothing else he would then owe our clan. Think with that thing on your shoulders! He will be the head of both the Black and Potter families eventually and you know how many masterwork goblin artifacts must sit idle in those vaults and in those properties. What would happen to our clan if we were to return even one ancient treasure to the king?" When his uncle had finished ranting he fired back with a vengeance at the absurdity of it all, "So for that you would endanger that first mission into the Orient? We will be the first group to ever plunge into one of the tombs in the Far East. The people have never allowed it, and if we mess up, it will be just like India all over again. We still are not allowed there. You know the purpose of our mission into the Orient is to see if we can find a way to enter into Shangri-La. No one has ever found that ancient bastion of magical power and returned in the last thirteen hundred years." His uncle just gave him a condescending look and snarled, "Then you better keep the boy in line nephew."