They wrap around my castle like prison bars, growing in length and width as the windows begin to close. Some of them break with the force of it, and as Scorpius casts that spell, I weave another. I feel it dragging on me, and Scorpius' voice falters slightly before he continues, raising his arms as his chant comes to a close and we're immersed in darkness. And when I finish my portion, the two of drop where we're standing to the floor. … I'm not sure, exactly, how much time has passed. I blink sluggishly, and there's a slightly familiar voice in my ear. It's one I've not heard for years. "Allie? Allie, please, oh, please wake up! Mum and Dad aren't anywhere to be seen and James isn't here and neither is Teddy- Allie! Wake up!" "Lily?" My voice isn't working right. Her name comes out like a whisper, and I can barely open my eyes. "Allie! There's vines everywhere! The only one awake is me and this prince from the south, but he can't be since the only prince to the south is Scorpius-" I jolt. My heart picks up speed with my sudden shock to life, and I feel like I just fell off a cliff. "Allie?" "Lily… What year did your prince say it was?" "465, sir," comes an unfamiliar voice, but my blood runs cold. Over one hundred years. I sit up with Lily's help and glance over my shoulder, shocked to find the layers of dust and other grime, and I swallow heavily at the sight of Scorpius next to me, barely stirring. At least he's breathing. It's so dark. I guess the spells worked. "Sir?" "What?" I bite back, my head beginning to pound as I reach for Scorpius with one hand and begin to dust myself off with the other. Lily watches me, as beautiful and youthful as the day she left us. Her hair is still that same shade of vibrant red, her eyes still sparkling hazel, and her skin is unwrinkled. It seems like she hasn't aged beyond her sixteen years at all. "Are you… King Albus?" I roll my gaze to the only other man awake, taking in his violet robes and the gold circlet on his brow. He wears nicely tailored things, I note distantly, more concerned over the fact that he seems to know me even one hundred years later. "Yes," I say. Scorpius groans next to me, and his eyelids flutter. I turn my attention to him without any further fanfare, resting my hands on his cheeks. "It was said that King Albus and King Draco and his son Scorpius all vanished under a castle made of vegetation, but I never imagined…" I turn sharply. "Excuse me?" "Don't be angry with him," Lily says. "Prince Lysander means no harm, truly. He's trying to place us with legends and we have to place him with the current political setups." "It's madness, Lily. This whole thing." I can't believe my spells worked like this. It shouldn't have been possible. "Who could have done something like this?" Lysander breathes in awe, and I look at him, once again inexplicably annoyed. "I did," I snap. "Allie?" I turn back to Scorpius, and heedless of the dust, I run my fingers across his lips and then bend down to kiss him. Because if it's truly one hundred years later, it doesn't matter. We have nothing to hide because there's no kingdom to run for either of us. "Hmm. Allie?" Scorpius whispers, emerging from his own dusty cocoon with a grimace. "This is disgusting. The last thing I remember is finishing the spells. What happened?" "One hundred years have happened, Scorpius," I say, and he looks at me blankly. "What?" "One hundred years have elapsed since your time, sire," Lysander steps in, and Scorpius looks at him wearily, and then he gets a sour look on his face. "Your crest," he says, pointing to the other prince. "That's the family that drove me from my home." Lysander takes a startled step back. "I- I didn't-" "Scorpius, please!" Lily cries, standing and moving herself in front of him as Scorpius mutters a spell. He stops as soon as he realizes who's in front of him, and the red light fizzles in his palms. "Don't. He is not to blame for the mistakes of his forefathers. Just. Allie?" "Hm?" I glance at her briefly before I look toward Scorpius again, taking inventory of his well being. He doesn't look too good. The grief is still fresh and this is the icing on the cake. "Lysander!" I bark, and he startles before he steps forward, next to Lily. "Sire?" "What do you intend to do with Lily?" He shrugs. "Get to know her, I suppose. Take her back to my kingdom since this is not much of a home anymore, and whether or not we wed, she will be a lady of the court." "Then leave." "Allie?" Lily sounds shocked, and I don't blame her. "Leave!" I scream, "I intend to follow in three days to make sure no harm comes to her but for now, go on ahead! I don't want to see you again-" Lysander takes hold of Lily's arm and a moments passes in suspended silence. Their footsteps echo on the empty walls. "Oh, Albus. What have we done?" I shake my head and pull Scorpius against me. "I don't know. But we can fix it." "How?" he demands, pushing me away lightly to stare at me, a fierce look in his gray eyes. "One hundred years, Albus! That's so much we've lost." "We will survive," I say, and kiss him. "We have to." "Obviously. But how?" I shake my head and lean my forehead against his. "I suppose we find your father and then follow my sister, to start." Scorpius sighs, and wraps his arms around me. "One day at a time." "Yes," I nod frantically. "One day at a time."