is surprised that Scorpius hasn't asked about his String. He's had plenty of opportunities. He wonders if the blond just doesn't want to know. And Al is glad that he seemingly doesn't- it makes his life easier, to hold his secret close and not have it forced from him. He's beautiful, Albus thinks, eyeing his friend. Everything about him is aristocratic and proud, even the messy fluff of his hair. It's Albus' favorite- he would love to run his fingers through it as they kiss, and maybe have Scorpius pin him to the wall and just take- "Albus?" He jolts. Scorpius is close, and Albus leans away, eyes wide. "Scorpius," he says, and Scorpius doesn't reply. He just leans in closer and stares at him. Albus' eyes flicker and he doesn't quite know what to do with himself. He figures it out pretty quickly when Scorpius kisses him. He's still in his shock when Scorpius starts to pull back, so Albus lets out a short, broken noise and tugs Scorpius back, curling his fingers into white-blond hair. It really is soft. His other hand goes to Scorpius' hip and stays there, and Scorpius supports himself with one arm over Albus and his other on Albus' cheek, rubbing his thumb in circles. Scorpius deepens the kiss, opening his mouth and then prying Albus' open with his tongue, and wow, okay. Albus' brain short-circuits. Scorpius pulls back and grins in triumph. "I knew it," he says. "What?" Albus asks, slightly drunk on the kiss. "I had to test it, but I figured-" "Test it?" Albus experiences a rather cruel jump back to reality and he pushes at Scorpius. "What do you mean test it? Test what?" "If I kissed you, what would you do?" He grows cold. "Was this a joke?" he whispers, and Scorpius' face does a complete one-eighty, horror blooming in his eyes. He doesn't answer, and Albus shoves him off and disapparates. … IX. Harry is furious and Ginny is just unbearably sad. Their purple String used to be reassuring. Now, it's just a mockery of his own, a red-violet he's never seen before. Maybe he just hasn't looked hard enough. Because it's impossible that he's the only one to have nearly completed a bond. He cries. It's completely unstoppable and it lasts for an entire day before he exhausts himself into a restless sleep. He dreams of Scorpius and wakes up unbelievably angry. He never would've thought Scorpius Malfoy capable of such cruelty. He lies in bed for two days, not eating, and he ignores his parents and Lily and James as they try to get him to say anything. Teddy writes from Romania and he doesn't even read the letter. Harry starts yelling from downstairs, and Albus lifts his head sleepily at the word, "Malfoy," being screamed in harsh, unforgiving tones. There's a knock on the door. "What?" he asks, flatly, and Ginny opens the door. "Scorpius and Draco are downstairs," she says. "They want to see you." He stares at her, eyes going out of focus. He doesn't really want to see them. That isn't what he says, as he watches his String pulse with color, fading purple. He starts to cry and Ginny's face reflects alarm but he waves her away. "Send Scorpius up here," he says, coughing. "But give me ten minutes. I'll steal Lily's dry shampoo and James' cologne. Get dressed. That sort of thing." She hesitates, but she must see something on his face, because she just sighs. "If it were up to me, you would never see that boy again. But you're nearly seventeen. And you've loved him for years. So you get ten minutes to talk and if you're not smiling by the end of it, I'll throw him and his father out and forbid you from seeing him again." "That last bit won't be necessary," Albus says, "Because if he doesn't have a good excuse, I'll kill him myself." "Atta boy," Ginny says approvingly, winking at him. He grins. … X. "I'm so sorry," is the first thing Scorpius says, and Albus doesn't want to hear it. His heart is in pieces at his feet and- "I didn't answer you in time. I took too long and I know that- I would've hated you had you done that to me. I don't blame you at all. You were right. I've been an ass. I kissed you because I feel like you're it for me, and I don't know for sure, you know, about the whole String thing, but even if it's totally wrong, it's just a guideline, right? But we've been all each other has for six and a half years, and I couldn't bear to live without you." Scorpius' eyes are red-rimmed and puffy, and his face is pale, and Albus figures he doesn't look much better. Pale blue eyes search his desperately, and Albus sighs and looks away. Scorpius flinches. "I. I am sorry, Al. I-" "Oh, shut it," Albus mutters, and Scorpius shuts his mouth. Albus fixes him with a look, and he says, "I'm in love with you," and Scorpius smiles, fleeting and hopeful, before he deflates again and that same weary looks appears on his face. Al continues, "I wish you'd said something like that after you kissed me but you didn't and I guess it's over." "Over?" Scorpius repeats. "In the past. Done with. Can't change it," Albus says. "And no amount of wishing will change it, so how about this? Kiss me now and don't tell me it was a stupid test-" Scorpius does just that, crossing the room in record time and cupping Albus' face, pressing their lips together. Albus clutches at Scorpius' wrists and kisses back. It's everything he's wanted the past two days since Scorpius said the wrong thing at the wrong time and it feels perfect. … Strings are just guidelines. But whoever, whatever, designed them, well. Albus is inclined to believe it knew what it was doing.