come from - no way of seeing my Mom, my Dad, or my sister ever again. When I realized that I had most likely died in my previous life, I'm not sure if I could call it a past life when technically it was a later time in another universe without magic, but the more I thought about it the more depressed I felt and the more my head began to hurt again. There were quite a few tears, but I think they had given me a calming draught because I wasn't freaking out nearly as much as I think I should have been. The next thing I realized was that because I had access to Jasper's (my) memories, I had access to all of the things that his (my) parents had taught me. Already, the lines between his life and my own were blurring and hard to distinguish, so I resigned myself to thinking of both time's as mine. My mother here was an excellent witch and had taught me a lot in the years I had been homeschooled; she had drilled into me all of the courses I could remember were major in Harry Potter. DADA, Transfiguration, Charms, Potions, Herbology, Astronomy, History, and even Arithmancy. With the memories came knowledge about myself that was ingrained - I knew my best subject was Defense, my worst was Transfiguration. I hated kale, spinach, and pineapples. I took my O.W.L.'s a couple of months ahead but have not gotten the results back yet, If I was at Hogwarts I would be going into my Sixth year at the start of term. My parents had never really told me outright why I was home schooled instead of going to Hogwarts, it was something they kept saying they would tell me when I was older. I remember a young Jasper wanting to go desperately when the letter came, but his parents had politely declined and set up the home schooling program right afterwards. I knew my parents were pureblood but didn't buy into all of the negative propaganda about muggle borns and muggles. I had a sneaking suspicion that Voldemort had tried to recruit them and they had refused; I was pretty sure Voldemort did not take rejection very well, which resulted in the Death Eater's attacking our house. I only remember bits and pieces of that night; nothing concrete and I would honestly be alright if I never remembered at all. There was a lot of loud noises, screaming, and a lot of pain. I was pretty sure I had tried to fight against them but was quickly disarmed and tortured. After I sorted through the memories and came to terms with my situation the best that I could, which also meant I was compartmentalizing and repressing like crazy, I decided I would need a plan of action moving forward. Obviously, I was now an orphan, and I still needed to finish my education if I had even a small shred of hope in learning how to defend myself. I was hesitant though because I wasn't sure I wanted to go to Hogwarts. Was I sent here to change the way the future played out? I knew how dangerous messing with time could be, so what if one action I do actually causes hundred's more to die than was ever meant too? It was something I could way to settle, at least, because the nearest event that I really knew about and would have any power over was the night Lily and James Potter would die. I could just use the time that Voldemort is gone to go and destroy all of the Horcruxes I knew about, but I wasn't one hundred percent sure I could do it alone, which just brought me back to the point that I needed to finish my education. I made up my mind that I would need to ask for Dumbledore, to be able to gain admittance into Hogwarts, so I would need to ask whoever came into my room as the day grew later to fetch him or notify him I wanted to speak with him. Flipping through some of the memories from my previous life, going over facts I knew about Dumbledore, I realized I would definitely need to work on my Occlumency skills before I spoke with him. My Mom had worked with me on it, but I needed to meditate it and ensure I could stop him from reading my thoughts. It would not do for him to know all of the information I did, even though it would be just like him to allow everything to go exactly as he wanted for 'The Greater Good'. I resigned myself to going over my mental defences the way that Jasper's mom had taught him and then I would just have to make up the rest as I went along. It wasn't the best strategy, okay in all honesty it wasn't a strategy at all, but I just didn't know enough at this point. So, with that decided and just as the sun began to peek in through the window in my hospital room, I began constructing mental fortifications as strong as the walls of Hogwarts. At least, they would be in my head; hopefully, with any luck, Dumbledore didn't have a wrecking ball to get through them. A/N: So, as some of you can see if you have followed/favorited this story, I had decided to rewrite this as a self insert. Something about the old story, something about Kaiser, just wasn't clicking for me - I've spent a lot of time writing in the Naruto universe lately, and I needed a change of pace for my own sanity, so I decided to start from scratch with this story about a SI OC in the Marauders Era. Hopefully, you will enjoy reading it as much as I enjoy writing it - and hopefully, you will give me some feedback as well. Much love, ~Rache