could lose themselves in previously un-experienced heights of pleasure. Emotionally it was a surprise that a relationship could be so much more than hurried sex in the cramped quarters of Hogwarts. He'd felt connected and close to her in a way he hadn't believed real. The essence of stories and songs had come home for him in the guise of one slim girl. He'd been overwhelmed by the fantasy of what it would be like to keep her. He'd been convinced she knew what love was and could teach it to him. Strategically he'd been staggered. Like a blow from a bludger in the back of the head. He'd felt dazed as he lay with her in the dark while she'd slept exhausted in his arms. A whole new world of possibility had opened up to him. What if she wasn't his foe, but his lover? What if she wasn't his downfall, but his advantage? Granger was a powerful ally, a perfect partner. He didn't even know why he hadn't thought of it before; probably because she was so out of reach that he had never seriously contemplated pursuing her. It was one thing to notice that last years' jumper hugged her breasts in a pleasing way. It was another thing to consider actually dating her. The concept was foreign and previously unexplored. Except, she had fallen into his arms, she had been snug against his side. Draco had then made his first disastrous mistake. He'd closed his eyes and given in to weariness. He'd drifted off into slumber planning what he'd say to her in the morning. Of course she hadn't been there when he woke. He should have set a ward to wake him when she woke, but he'd been tired and not thinking straight. He had still felt good about the situation though. He'd taken a shower, gotten cleaned up, before seeking her out. Then he'd made his next disastrous mistake. He'd taken it personally when she'd avoided him. She was as elusive as smoke on the wind. If he hadn't been so furious and frustrated by his inability to corner her he would have admired how very Slytherin her evasion was. After a week of disappointment he had given up trying to get her alone and returned her coldness with everything within him. It was childish and foolish and shortsighted. Before he could correct his mistakes he'd gone off to America at his mother's bidding, grateful for a chance to nurse his pride. Despite his belief to the contrary Draco hadn't known that much about women. He'd had a few inexperienced girlfriends, with the most serious being Pansy and the height of intimacy groping her in an unused classroom. He hadn't known that Hermione was probably just as uncertain as he was, just as fearful of rejection. He hadn't known how upset she would be at herself. How important control over the physical was to her. He hadn't known really how to pursue her or what to say. He didn't know how to deal with a girl who wasn't grateful for his attention. Fortunately he'd learned a lot more in New York than medicine. So here he was in Diagon Alley. He was here to answer a question in his mind. Everything here seemed different, colored with the truth of his broader experience. He saw the world differently now. The lust from that unknown potion had faded over three years ago. But the obsession, the fixation on Hermione Granger, burned on. So was this fascination all in his head? Would he see her differently now that he was older and wiser? He'd been with other girls now, experienced other pleasures. Would she hold the same sway over him as before? Was she still special? Finally she emerged from the dress shop, her arm linked with her redheaded friend. He'd been told that the girls would be here today, shopping for the upcoming Weasley wedding. Even across the street with her head down, her form was unmistakable. He had watched her so often and so closely that he recognized the sway of her step. His pulse quickened as she crossed the cobblestone way towards him, anticipation spiking in preparation of the moment she would notice him standing in front of The Three Broomsticks. This was it; this was the moment he'd been waiting three years for. She looked up, saw him. Recognition was instant, the stumble in her step satisfying. A quiet gasp from rosebud lips alerted her friend to his presence and she too was properly shocked to see him; A ghost from their past. She was indeed different. The frizz in her hair had been banished with a skillful layered haircut. Her pretty eyes emphasized with a touch of mascara and her full lips skimmed with a shimmer of gloss. Her frumpy school robes replaced with a modest muggle business suit. However a layer of sophistication didn't change her wide eyed innocence, her expressive face. She quickly recovered, snapped her mouth shut, and elbowed her friend when the Weasley shouted his name with all the couth of a badger. Time hadn't eroded her unflappable calm, her quiet composure. She was like a swift kick in the gut. He took a deep breath and gave both girls his most charming smile. At his father's knee he'd learned to put people on edge, make them nervous. Overseas he'd learned the opposite, how to put people at ease. He found it a valuable skill and enjoyed the uncertainty that flickered across her expression. The only question that had been answered was that she still affected him. He wouldn't know how deeply until this thing had sputtered out. He was no longer a child, and he wouldn't be running this time. He'd see it through. He tilted his head to them, eyes staying on Granger. "Ladies," he said even as he stepped past them into the crowd. No need to rush, he had nothing but time. Game on Granger.