five minutes until he was forced to let us all leave. We had all refused to move once we were in the air, and Fred had almost been hit in the arm with a Bludger because of it. We filed into the changing room, all of us immediately going into the showers, leaving Wood alone. I was, as usual, the last to leave the girls', and I could still hear a shower running in the boys'. "I'm sorry, Bell." I turned to see Wood, a towel around his waist, stood against the shower room wall. I hadn't even noticed the water had switched off. He looked like he'd been crying. "I'm sorry I tried to make you all train today, it wasn't fair. I truly am the worst Captain ever." I didn't even think twice. I ran over to him, throwing my arms around his neck. "you aren't the worst Captain, Oliver. You just get carried away sometimes." I smiled at him and pulled away, before registering that I had just hugged Oliver Wood. who had been wearing nothing but a towel. I could feel my face burn, and I hoped to high hell that the crappy light in the changing room didn't reveal it. He laughed, but I could still hear the tears in his voice. "I'm so manly, crying like a bloody baby." He furiously wiped at his eyes, and I smiled. "I think it's sweet that you care for your team." I hugged him again, this time fully aware that he was shirtless. But I didn't care. Seeing other people cry, especially Oliver, would send me into floods. "Thank you, Katie. Really." he smiled, and I grabbed my stuff and headed up to the castle. The common room was packed. Fred, George, Angie and Alicia had somehow managed to obtain the couch, and Harry was talking quietly with Ron in the corner. I sat down in the armchair, which was miraculously vacant. "Where's Wood?" Alicia asked, a mild look of concern on her face. I sighed. "He's fine. Beating himself up a bit." "So he should be. I almost froze out there!" Angeline said, crossing her arms across her chest. "please don't be like that, Angie. he feels really bad." She grunted her reply, and the five of us sat in silence for a while before Alicia chirped up. "You know, I heard that Hermione girl in first year is pretty smart. I was thinking about asking her to help me with my homework-" "Don't bother, Allie," I said, shaking my head, "If she smart, she's not going to do your homework for you, is she?" Now it was Alicia's turn to cross her arms. that's when he came in, looking like there had been no point in having a shower. "You went back out there?" I half-yelled, practically throwing myself out of the chair and running to him. he sighed. "Well all the stuff was still out, wasn't it? you ran into the changing room so fast I had to leave it. almost forgot it, but I couldn't leave it. anyway, it's all fine now-" "It isn't damn fine!" Angelina had hurried to my side and had grabbed Oliver's arm, leading him to the fire, "You'll get sick!" "I could have made you lot sick, that would have been worse." "Don't be daft, Wood," Said Fred, "yeah, we don't blame you, we know how much you want that cup." We all made some noise of agreement. He sat down in front of the flames, and I knelt beside him, putting my arms around his neck and resting my head on his shoulder. Angie knelt on his other side and hugged his arm. Fred, George and Alicia remained on the couch, saying what a fantastic Captain he was. We were trying to make him feel better, but I could tell it was barely working. "Go up and get changed, Ollie." I said gently, using the name that we only ever used when he went into his miserable mood. He sighed and nodded, before standing and shuffling up to his room. He returned a few moments later in his Gryffindor pyjamas. Nobody could show house pride like him. he had that smirk back, and for once I didn't feel like knocking it out of him. "Hey, Katie." I was the last one up. Fred and George had gone up to their room just after Oliver, saying that they had a prank to work on, and Angie reminded Alicia of a homework they had. "Hi, Ollie." He playfully swatted my head with a laugh. "You know not to all me that." He said, walking around the couch and sitting beside me. I shrugged. "and I thought we were starting to get along." I said with false sadness, before he snorted and leaned back into the couch, pulling his legs up with him. I raised an eyebrow and he did that smirk, before he pulled me to lay with him, his arm around my shoulders and my head resting on his chest. We sat like that for a moment, my head rising and falling with his every breath. After a while of looking at the ceiling, i sat up, his arm falling to my waist. We looked at one another for a while, and I began to debate whether I should wipe the smirk from him. "I think we get along just fine." He said, his smirk falling as he closed his eyes and lifted his hands behind his head. I continued to watch him, and after a second he opened one eye. "Why are you looking at me like that?" he asked. i shrugged, before grinning. "I'm off to bed. I presume we have practise tomorrow?" the smirk returned, and I groaned as I stood up. "You really are planning to kill us all, aren't you?" I asked, and he shrugged. "Maybe after we win the cup." He said. I glared at him all the way up the stairs.