agreement that one of his descendents could choose to marry one of your descendents." "So that would mean my children if I have any and their children and grandchildren wouldn't be able to marry for love either" Harry said disgustedly. "There must be another solution." "Hermione and Ginny could become your concubines until the spell shows the debt is cleared" Albus suggested. "But an honourable man wouldn't ask that of them." "My daughter is not a whore" Molly screeched. "What's a concubine exactly? I mean I know what it means in the muggle world but there are lots of things in the magical world that mean different things than I expect them to. How long would it take?" Hermione asked. "And how would you know when the debt is paid?" "I think the meaning is close enough in both worlds though in our world concubines aren't locked away as they are in the muggle world. You could even finish school and have a career if Harry was willing to let you. As for how ling it would take to pay off a life debt that way, I'm not sure. Several years at least possibly decades depending on the feelings of those involved. The tradition is that you be retested for the debt every year on it's anniversary. The quickest way to resolve the situation would be for the concubine to bear a child" "Well that doesn't work. I'm not old enough to be a Dad and even if I was I couldn't look after a couple of thousand children" Harry replied. "I don't think that would be an issue" Dumbledore said quietly. "The debt that everyone owes you will sit lightly on each person's magic because it is shared by so many. It is the singular debt Ginevra owes you that could damage her, particularly as she is so young it could affect the way her magic develops." "And Hermione" Harry said annoyed that they seemed to want to keep focussing on resolving the debt Ginny owed and ignoring Hermione's debt. "Why didn't someone talk to me about this last year after I saved Hermione's life? Surely Madam Pomfrey or McGonagall or someone knows enough about what happened to check us for life debts if it's so important that they're paid as soon as possible" Harry asked. "You weren't injured saving Hermione. I don't think it occurred to anyone" Dumbledore replied apologetically. "I wasn't admitted to the hospital wing after saving Ginny either. In fact I felt a lot worse after saving Hermione. I ached for weeks" Harry argued. "Hermione is obviously fine" Molly said impatiently. "It's Ginny who is suffering now stop quibbling and sign the contract now." "How do you know Hermione's magic is fine? Nobody realised she owed me a debt so nobody would have checked on it. Does she need to see a healer?" Harry asked anxiously. "Wait a minute. Why are you all so worried this debt will harm Ginny's magic when the other debts clearly aren't harming anyone since nobody even knows about them?" Hermione asked suspiciously. "As I explained earlier the debt we owe Harry is shared by all the witches and wizards alive in Britain at the time so it doesn't tax any one persons magic" Dumbledore said placatingly. "I will have Madam Pomfrey assess her when she arrives back at Hogwarts but I'm sure she's fine. She would have noticed it by now if she wasn't" Dumbledore said soothingly. "School doesn't start for another month and then if she needs treatment she'll be stuck in the hospital wing missing classes. She should see a healer now" Harry demanded. "I'm afraid she would need her guardians to make that decision Harry" Dumbledore said. "We're worried about young Ginevra at the moment." "So you're saying that because Hermione's parents aren't magical you're all going to let her risk losing her magic because there's nobody to act in her best interests? And you're saying that Ginny's magic is worth more than Hermione's because Hermione is muggleborn?" Harry asked furiously. "That's not what we're trying to say. But this meeting was set up for Ginny's sake to organise the payment of her life debt. You'll need to meet with Hermione's parents later to settle her life debt" Dumbledore attempted to calm Harry down. "No offence Ginny but if I'm forced to marry one of you to protect their magic I'd marry Hermione. She's my friend and I saved her life first" Harry said. "I'm not signing this contract Mrs Weasley until I know that Hermione doesn't need me to marry her." "Hermione can marry Ron. He saved her life as well" Molly said dismissively. "But the test showed that I don't owe Ron a life debt" Hermione sad frowning. "I owe Harry a life debt so clearly magic doesn't think that Ron saved my life. Harry did." "That's it" Harry said decisively. "I'm taking Hermione home so her parents can take her to a healer and get this sorted out." He got up and took Hermione's hand leading her out of the room. "Harry you promised not to leave Diagon alley" Dumbledore reminded him. "I promised not to go out roaming in the streets by myself. I'll be with Hermione and she needs a healer. If you don't want us travelling to her house by ourselves you should take us" Harry replied. "Very well I will take Miss Granger home and you stay here" Dumbledore agreed smiling genially. "I'm coming with you" Harry said after seeing Hermione's frightened expression. "Surely her parents are going to want to meet the boy she might need to become betrothed to." 'And I want to talk to an expert about life debts, surely there must be something they aren't telling me' he thought to himself. The End A/N: I am Australian and write in Australian English which results in many words being spelled differently than American English. I am aware this can be annoying and apologise for your frustration.