left Hermione there and went to help the next customer. Hermione looked through the list curious at what the Americans had to offer. Finding a book on the history of the village she was in tapped her wand on the title. A few seconds later the shelf zoomed into view and stopped. She reached up and grabbed the book. Checking the price she pulled out the right amount of money and dropped it in a box. A puff of smoke came out of the book and scared Hermione. Carefully opening it to the first page she saw Owner: Hermione Granger with date of purchase below. Amazed she left the shop knowing she would definitely be back. Walking down the winding streets as it got darker Hermione decided it was time to go back to the inn. Back at the Inn Hermione realized she was absolutely famished. She walked to the little café just off the main hall. She stopped for a moment when she realized it was decorated like the Great Hall at Hogwarts. One thing that is different though was instead of the four house tables, this had several round tables scattered around. The ceiling is enchanted to match the sky outside. "Excuse me" Brought out of her reverie by a witch standing behind her. Hermione looked around embarrassed as she noticed she was blocking the entrance. "Sorry. Just thinking." Hermione said. "Well do your thinking inside. Some of us want to eat sometime." The witch replied rather rudely. Hermione decided to ignore the rude woman and went to find a seat. At a table near the back she noticed a dark haired woman reading a book. Upon closer inspection it turned out to be Hogwarts A History. Curious as to why an American witch would be reading about her school she walked over and asked to sit down. The Witch looked up and stared for a moment then said "of course." The witch put her book down after marking her place and introduced herself in a slight Hispanic accent. "Since we'll be sharing a table we may as well know each others names. I am Valentina Acosta, and you are?" Hermione momentarily taken aback by the boldness of the woman replied "Hermione Granger. Pleased to meet you." "Well nice to see some people left in this world have manners." She chuckled. "Nice accent, where are you from? England?" "Yes. Is it that obvious?" Hermione said. "Only a lot." Valentina said laughing. Hermione raised an eyebrow and asked "I notice you have one as well. Where are you from?" "Me? Well I am From Phoenix. As far as my accent is concerned, that comes from my grandparents. They immigrated from a small village in Mexico. So what made you choose my little corner of the café? I only ask because it seems there are plenty of tables near the front that are empty." Valentina responded with her own raised eyebrow. "Just walking through when I saw the book you are reading. I happen to go to school there, so naturally I was curious. Say why are you reading it?" Hermione said smiling. Valentina took a moment and finally answered, "Well it is an interesting read. More specifically I am reading through most books I find on magical schools in Europe. It's for an article I am writing. You know Best schools in Europe and all that." Hermione found this woman incredibly interesting and wanted to continue their conversation. "I…." Was all she got out as Valentina stood up. With a slight flick of her wrist the books and papers Valentina had on the table packed themselves neatly in her worn black bag. "I have to go. I'll be late if I do not hurry. I'm due to introduce the author Matillda Black at her book reading tonight down at that big book store. See ya around I hope." With that she picked up her bag and began walking out. Hermione sat there for a minute thinking. Not only was this woman a journalist but she introduced authors at book stores. Hermione had to get to know her better. She quickly stood up and chased after Valentina food forgotten for the time being. She caught up to her just outside the Inn. "Valentina wait." She yelled not caring that more than a few people stared. Valentina stopped and turned around and waited for her. When she was finally standing next to her Valentina smiled and said "What's up? And please call me Val." "I was… I mean… I was wondering if I may join you at the reading. I would like to talk more with you and I happen to appreciate Ms. Blacks' books, Val." Hermione said once she regained her breath. Valentina looked at this curious young witch and thought about it for a minute. Finally she looked back at Hermione and said "to be honest I was kind of hoping you'd follow. How about we have a late dinner after the reading, or if you don't care we can leave after I introduce Matillda. I only had coffee at the cafe." "We'll have to leave as soon as you introduce her. I'm here with my parents and they'll be wondering where I am." Hermione replied. "That works for me Hermione. Although if you're worried I can always send a note letting them know we are having dinner and where. That way they could join us if they wish." Valentina said. Hermione decided she didn't want her parents to try and find whatever restaurant they ate at. "No, they're really not used to the magical world. I would prefer I am with them when they leave the Inn." Hermione said managing a small smile. It's not that Jean and Dan were stupid but it can get a little confusing. Hell she had got lost a couple of times on her way back from the bookstore. "Si as you wish. Let's go." Val said as she and Hermione walked on.