the silence of the night air around them. "Then…why did you say you'd have been content to never see me again?" Hermione almost whispered after a time. Draco swallowed hard and looked at Hermione's exposed left forearm. "The nightmares are enough," he said flatly. Hermione followed his gaze to the scars on her arm. "I see," she whispered back. She started to slow her bouncing, but Draco pulled at her hands. "I think I want to go higher," he said firmly. Without speaking, Hermione looked him in the eyes and added the extra movement to her jumps to go higher. Draco kept their eye contact as he copied her and after a moment they were both being thrust high in the air by the trampoline's taut surface after each landing. After a few minutes, Draco gave a final squeeze to Hermione's hands and released her. Looking decidedly more confident he vaulted himself ever higher. "I am so buying one of these," he commented as he sprung skyward. "So Muggles are geniuses, then?" Hermione smirked at him. "When it comes to jumping for fun they are," he answered, allowing himself to start jumping around the trampoline more freely. Hermione laughed and began to leap around as well. They were soon both laughing and trying to out-do one another with the height of their jumps. "Harry is never going to believe me when I tell him about this," Hermione grinned as she pushed off of Draco after falling into him and beginning a new jump. "I thought you said you don't see him much anymore?" Draco replied as he took a small breather and unashamedly admired Hermione's brown curls bouncing wildly about her head. "I said I don't see much of Ron anymore. Harry and I still see each other quite often. He meets me for lunch most days." "Ah," Draco said, "Makes sense what with you both working at the Ministry." "Indeed," Hermione said lazily. "So, what's it like not having to work for a living?" "Oh, I keep busy enough," Draco smiled back. "With Astoria?" she asked playfully. Draco's smile faltered a bit and he glanced back at the house. "When she's around," he said half-heartedly. "I …" There was a sudden loud rustling from the tall shrubs near the trampoline and Draco fell silent while Hermione halted to a stop. They both looked curiously at the large shaking plant until two people ungracefully tumbled out of it. "John! You prat!" Astoria shrieked gleefully as she rolled over on the ground beneath the man that had fallen out from the other side of the shrub with her. "I told you there wasn't a wall behind it." "Worked out better this way," John growled as he leaned down and captured Astoria's lips in a hungry kiss. "What the fuck!?" John and Astoria both startled apart at the sound of Draco's furious voice. "Dra…Draco!" Astoria cried, her eyes comically wide at the sight of him lowering himself off the trampoline. "I…I didn't know you were out here." "Clearly," Draco snarled coldly with a glare at the man called John as he and Astoria both got to their feet. Hermione had quickly sat and shrunk far back on the trampoline. She watched silently as John puffed out his chest and gave Draco a condescending smile. "Draco? What the hell kind of a name is that?" he laughed. Hermione cringed to herself as Draco looked momentarily like he'd been slapped in the face before giving John one of the scariest scowls she'd ever seen. "This is that loser boyfriend you were telling me about?" John asked, ignoring Draco's look and turning to Astoria. "Fiancé," Draco corrected. "Like it matters," John said, looking Draco up and down with a sniff. "Give me my ring," Draco snapped, looking to Astoria. Even in the moonlight, she paled and clutched her left hand protectively in her right. "Draco…" she pleaded, "I…I don't…" "My. Ring." "Please don't do this," Astoria begged in a panic, her fingers trembling as she pulled the large diamond ring from her left hand. Tears began to run down her smooth face. "This…he means nothing, Draco. Draco…I love…" Her words were cut short when Draco reached forward and snatched the ring roughly from her as she held it out. He pocketed it and turned on his heel without a word. "Draco, please," Astoria called out as Draco marched past the trampoline, bent over quickly to grab up his shoes and then walked off into the dark without a look back at anyone. Hermione watched him go sadly as she hugged her knees at the edge of the trampoline. When he was out of sight she turned to look back at Astoria and John. They muttered angrily to one another for a moment before both starting back up toward the house. A loud crack echoed in the night and Hermione looked back over her shoulder in the direction that Draco had gone. With a heavy sigh, she glanced back at the house and then climbed down and off of the trampoline. She brushed at her jeans and then picked up her sandals that were lying nearby in the grass before slinking into the shrubs and turning on the spot to create her own echoing crack as she apparated home. . . . . . . . . . . . . A/N: So...this is my first time publishing to this site. I have to admit that I'm both excited and nervous about it. I've published this story to another site under the same pen name (so if it looks familiar to anyone that's why) and it's gotten decent reception. However, that site seems to get significantly less traffic than this one and I've seen that reviews tend to be harsher here so I'm not sure what to expect. "**cringes** Is my anxiety showing yet? Anyway, I very much hope you enjoy this and I look forward to reading your comments and thoughts! Thank you for reading!