into the kitchen. Easily locating the glass cups in the cabinet, I fill it at the refrigerator and start taking long, slow drinks from it in an attempt to calm myself. I refill it every time I empty it, and by the time I'm done, I've drunk five full cups of water. I'll regret it later, I'm sure, but for now I wash it slowly in the sink with soap and tap water. With heavy eyelids, I put the cup back in the cabinet where it was before, even though it's completely unnecessary. I walk back to the duffel bag and pick it up, swinging it over my shoulder, mindful of the picture frames inside. I walk into the foyer and open the door, uncaring of the light rain and distant thunder that greets me outside. I step onto the porch and turn around, locking the house up. I take a moment to just stand there, heart heavy in my chest, before I drop the keys into the bush next to the door and turn around to walk back to my car. The rest of his belongings will be cleared away tomorrow morning, and I will never see it again. The thought stings, but I have what matters most. … Even with Lily waiting for me, my apartment on the other side of the city seems empty and dead without Remus. It's like the life has been sapped away with him. I rest the duffel bag on my mattress in the corner of the living room- I have a rather sullen two-room apartment in the poorest part of London- while she watches wordlessly from the ratty, torn flower-patterned couch that doesn't match anything else. Remus had a lot more money than I do, and it showed in our living styles, but he did not seem to care very much. He loved me anyway. "Honey," Lily says when I drop onto the edge of the mattress with dead eyes and a vacant mind, "let me help you." It takes a moment for the words to register, but when they do, I turn to her slowly. "How? How do you plan on helping me, when the love of my life is dead and there is nothing to be done about it?" I demand, sizing her up. She's in one of her new dresses, the soft swell of her baby bump prominent through the fabric. It kills me to know that Remus will never meet the fourth member of the Potter family, the child that was supposed to be his godchild. Her fiery red hair is tied back into a messy bun, and her emerald green eyes are tired and sympathetic as she looks at me. She sighs, but doesn't make any movement towards me, even though I know she would like to. Instead, she gestures helplessly with thin, tired hands. "Have you been to see him?" she questions. I wince. Of course I haven't been to see him. I didn't even go to the funeral last week, instead spending the entire day on this mattress with his blanket wrapped around my shoulders and staring at the last picture I took of him on my phone, crying. Lily knows this, of course, so she sighs again and stands up slowly. "Come on, then," she commands, and after hesitating while she gathers her coat, purse, and car keys from my two-seater kitchen table, I stand up to follow. We make it to the parking lot soundlessly, and she walks up to my car and gets into the passenger seat, even though I had assumed we'd take hers. Shrugging inwardly, I get into the driver's seat and start the engine. The drive to the graveyard is quiet, disturbed only by droplets of rain on the windshield, and the rolling of the tires on the paved roads. Lily stares out the window, her usual twinkle absent from her eyes. I know the baby is exhausting and that this pregnancy is worse than her first, plus the stress of Remus- I bite my lip and turn into the graveyard, parking in the closest spot but not moving. Lily doesn't try to make me leave the car, instead watching me with quiet eyes. After several minutes, I get out of the car and make my way around to the passenger's side, opening the door for her and helping her out. She smiles thinly at me and pulls her coat closely around her while I allow myself to get rained on. She shakes her head when she notices and begins to walk into the graveyard. This is the last place I want to be right now, but I follow her anyway, knowing that James would likely kill me if he ever finds out I contemplated just leaving her here and going home. We don't speak. The stone isn't far into the graveyard, just at the start of a new row, and Lily rests her fingers on it while I stare at it. Remus John Lupin March 10, 1986 – May 2, 2015 Seen, Heard, Remembered I would very much like to kill whoever came up with that catchphrase, thinking it clever to reference the fact that Remus couldn't hear anything, but for the moment all I can do is stare at the engravings. My entire being feels hollow, numb, broken, and disconnected. Right here, right now, I decide to never come here again. Those three words can hardly sum up his life, and they make me want to scream. The thought of what all of this means is like being stabbed over and over again. I simply cannot stand it. Lily comes forward and rests her hand on my shoulder for a moment, before she starts walking away. I press my fingertips to my lips before I lower them to the top of the stone, then turn around and walk to catch up with Lily, the silent words I love you, I miss you, always, etched on my lips.