and Dudley to read it. "What is this rubbish?" Vernon snatched the parchment from Harry's hand and ran his beady eyes over it. As soon as he finished reading it he handed it back to Harry and seemed to forget the teen was even in the room. Harry shrugged; this suited him fine. He made his way to the cupboard under the stairs, pulled his trunk out then made his way up to his room to pack the rest of his belongings. He quickly but carefully packed everything he owned, which wasn't much. He then went to Hedwig and opened her cage. "I don't know where I'm going Hed, can you follow me once I'm out of the house?" He asked her, stroking her soft chest feathers. She hooted softly and seemed to nod her head before taking off out the window. He watched her ghost away into the trees before turning to survey his empty room. There was still roughly an hour before nightfall so he pulled his battered photo album from his trunk and settled in to wait. As he looked through the photo album, he thought about how different this summer would be now he would be staying with Sirius No more 'Boxing training,' no more yelling from Vernon, no more condescending insults from Petunia, I can't think of anything better… He thought, finally feeling the excitement he had been suppressing all day. He smiled and looked back down at the photo album in his lap. His mum and dad were holding each other, twirling around a fountain, smiling at the camera without a care in the world. He lost himself in thought, wondering how drastically different his life would have been if they had lived. I doubt I ever would have even met the Dursleys, it's apparent that Petunia didn't like my Mum. I wonder if they ever got along, maybe Sirius will know. Harry mused. Finally breaking out of his introspection, Harry looked up at his window. The sun had sunk below the tree line and night was falling fast; time to activate the golem. Harry rose to his feet and pulled the key to his escape from his pocket. He laid the stone-like doll on his bed and paused. He felt like smacking himself for forgetting to grab a knife from the kitchen. "Stupid! Now what…" he growled to himself. His eyes fell on his trunk, "Potions' knife, duh…" He opened his trunk and dug around until he found his potions' kit. His hands were shaking as he yanked the lid open and grabbed the small knife. Shivering in a weird mix of excitement and fear, the teen scrambled back to his bed and, without pausing to think about it, jammed the point of the knife into his palm. Harry watched with morbid curiosity as his blood fell onto the doll. With a blinding white flash of magic the golem grew in size and started to look more and more human. After a minute it looked exactly like Harry, down to the scruffy hair and scar on his forehead. "Brilliant." Harry said with a smile. "Right, look you." He addressed the Golem in a no-nonsense tone; "Every few hours or so you will get up, walk to the desk and look like you are reading a book. Then at irregular intervals you will walk over to the door, stand out of sight for a few minutes then come back over by the window. Understand?" Harry waited until the Golem nodded its head before continuing, "Okay, be sure to lay on the bed for at least eight hours every night. That should convince whoever's outside…" After one last glance around the room he grabbed his trunk and Hedwig's cage then pulled his Father's invisibility cloak over himself and his things. It was awkward but he made his way down the stairs and crept out the front door without being noticed. Once on the sidewalk Harry picked up his pace, still being careful to keep covered by the cloak. A few minutes of walking later he was glowing with excitement as he finally spotted Padfoot's shaggy form in the park. The large shaggy grim got to his feet as sniffed the air as Harry drew closer. He gave a low whine and turned toward the tree line, with one last look over his shoulder at Harry's invisible form he darted into the trees. Harry found him, once again in human form, in a small clearing a few hundred yards from the park. The teen was still grinning widely as he pulled off his father's cloak; even a trek through the woods in the dark couldn't dampen his current mood. "You're looking pretty pleased, Pup. Some bird give you a goodbye kiss then?" Sirius smirked. "Nope, even better," Harry said with a laugh, "I'm free of Dursleys! For a whole summer!" He did a wide victory dance around the small clearing, whooping loudly the whole time. Damn…either he is way too excitable, or I underestimated his dislike for Lily's sister… Sirius mused as he watched his Godson celebrate. "Whoa, slow down, Pup!" Sirius chuckled, grabbing Harry as he stumbled over his own trunk. "We have all summer to celebrate, but right now we need to get out of here. We aren't home free quite yet." Breathing heavily from exertion Harry nodded in understanding. He grabbed his things once more and grinned at his Dogfather, his bright green eyes wide and expectant. Shaking his head and mumbling something that sounded oddly like "crazy kids" Sirius pulled Harry close to his side. "Alright, Pup, hold on tight. We are going to Apparate to my place." He said, "It feels bloody dreadful, but its quick and damn near untraceable." Harry nodded and tightened his hold on both Sirius and his trunk. Sirius had Hedwig's cage in his other hand. "Alright, on three…oh and you might want to close your eyes." Sirius said. "One…two…three!" With a soft *Pop* they were gone.