is, Matthias wouldn't question it if she had men falling for her left and right. "Sorry you had to see that," he said bashfully. "But I uh… I appreciate the help." "As you should," the girl nodded as she stepped inside the Express. Her smaller, somehow identical looking friend, followed her from close behind. "Don't you have servants to carry those for you?" "My family isn't exactly that well-off to have elves follow me around," Matthias mumbled as he watched two elves carry the girl's numerous luggage into the Express and sorted them accordingly in the carriage to their left meant explicitly for belongings. "Oh, really?" the girl mused. "What family did you say you were from?" "I didn't," Matthias replied. "I'm from the Braun family. It's foreign." "Isn't that a pure-blood line from Germany?" the smaller of the two, who had much shorter hair, asked. "And yet you don't have elves serving you?" Daphne mumbled. "That is rather odd." Matthias shrugged. He's been raised to be quite independent and even when he's been informed that house-elves are the equivalent to slaves, albeit willingly, to wizard kind, he never really asked anything excessive from them. "Not every pure-blood family has the honor of being treated like royalty you know." The older of the two wrinkled her nose and huffed. "Each to their own. Still," she insisted, "it should be common knowledge that students are allowed to use magic in the Express. If we didn't help you, we'd have missed the train." "Well you're here now so that's not a problem anymore, right?" "Perhaps… But I don't like my men ignorant." She paused, her eyes narrowing as she studying Matthias from head to toe. "Unless you're a first year like Astoria?" Astoria's eyes widened with promise and craned her head up at the older male. "Are you?" Matthias held Astoria's stare for a while before breaking away from it. "Uhm…" he started slowly, "I'm actually transferring as a third year. Sorry, milady." Astoria's heartened expression shattered and she offered him a meek smile. "Oh… That's alright, I think…" she mumbled. "I mean, at least I have someone I know from Hogwarts now. Even if you are going to be in the same year as Daphne." Matthias arched a curious brow towards the older sibling, who was now bashfully punching her sister's arm for the unwanted comment. "So we're going to be classmates then?" he mused. "I hope you take good care of me." Daphne stiffened. She turned her attention back at Matthias with the whip of her hair and said, "Only if you get sorted in Slytherin, new kid. Then perhaps I'll think about." "Does that mean you'd wait for me?" Matthias asked flirtatiously. Daphne took a step back, already denying his advances and clicked her tongue. "You can wish," she retaliated with a smug grin. "But I'm unavailable at the moment. And even if that doesn't end well, there's a long line of suitors waiting for my hand. You'd stand no chance against them," her eyes trailed all over Matthias as though rating him and chuckled, "no offense." Matthias frowned, feeling exactly just that. He raised his hands in mock defeat and admitted to himself that he isn't going to compete for a lady wanted by all. "Don't take the wrong impression princess. You are beautiful, but I'm not interested in toppling your high horse if you can't even give a guy like me a chance. And I don't steal girls that are occupied," he added with a grin, eyes momentarily glancing over to Astoria. "Maybe I'd ask your sister out instead?" he chided. Astoria, who was silently watching them bicker from the side squeaked and blushed. "I–I–" she stammered, "I would like to get to know you more first as a friend really…" While Astoria seemed delighted to have gained a friend, Daphne took it as a legitimate threat to her sister and protectively raised a hand over her little sister. stepped "You–" the older blonde hissed as she pointed her wand at Matthias "–stay away from my sister, pervert." "Pervert?" Matthias echoed. "I am many things, milady, but a pervert is not one of them!" "Well, too bad. You're not leaving that kind of impression on me," Daphne growled and walked ahead, dragging Astoria behind her. Astoria mumbled a soft apology towards him and waved farewell. Matthias found himself unconsciously returning the wave until the sisters disappeared into the next carriage. A few milliseconds later, Matthias fell back unto the wall behind him, with hands buried on his face. He blushed furiously upon recalling his actions and screamed helplessly on his jacket. What the hell was he thinking openly flirting like that?! This was insane! Everything was going well, somewhat, until he decided to act on his blossoming feelings and flirt! He's never done that before. This is so embarrassing… Daphne is, without question, a beauty to behold. Matthias wants to be her friend, and if fate would allow it, eventually date her. But whatever chance he had with her. if he ever had the chance to begin with, went flying out the window the moment he flirted with Astoria to hide his totally serious interest in Daphne. It was a legitimately stupid and misplaced joke on his part. Reap what you sow - as they say. And reap it he will. He will reap no crops fro this farmland. He slapped himself for being too much of an idiot and almost cried. He's so pathetic. As though fate has come to laugh at him again, the Express alerted the entire student populace of Hogwarts to board and prepare for departure. Matthias willed himself to move and set his luggage unto the rack at the end of the carriage – mindfully using magic this time around. After securing it in place in the luggage rack, Matthias set off to find a compartment he can lodge in, his mind still recovering from his encounter with the blonde haired sisters.