trip to Hogwarts was quite long and the number of different conversations they had had during that time were quite immense. Plus it had been seven years prior to him, how was he meant to remember what he said on a train ride? "Ah," they said in unison before breaking off into individual fragments of sentences, "Now, word around the halls..." "Is that you Mister Potter..." "Were able to scare..." "Nay, terrify..." "Your fellow first years..." "With what one..." "Could only describe..." "As a work of art." "So what do you want?" asked Harry before they continued. "Well, we were wondering..." "If you would care to join us..." "For a little trip this weekend..." "To a little joke shop we know..." "And pick up a few supplies..." "For future endeavours..." "Which we invite you..." "To attend with us." The last line had been said in unison before they paused, giving him time to contemplate their offer. He hadn't anticipated something like this occurring and wasn't entirely sure if he wanted to pursue that kind of foreseeable future. With his prank today though he had felt a sense of pride in his work and wondered if it was the same sensation his father or his friends had felt when they pranked one of their peers. He wanted more, of that he was certain. "Well, considering that I was planning on heading out to Hogsmeade next weekend anyways," said Harry softly so that only the twins could hear him. They were somewhat surprised by his declaration if the raised eyebrows were any indication. "While I can't say whether I will partake in your activities, either way I state that I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." If he didn't have their attention before, he definitely had it now. ... Once more Harry found himself staring at the ceiling as Ron snored away in the bed next to him. Had he really been able to sleep with all that racket first time round? Ignoring questions of the past/present, Harry debated the debate he had had with the twins. He had no problem with telling them that he was the son of Prongs, explaining that his father had left a note for him when he learned of his heritage. A white lie but one that was easily believable and had the twins begging for more information. Harry had told them that he would explain it all to them in time but for now to allow him to do his own thing. The main problem was though that he had no real idea what his own thing was. Sure, he had enjoyed pranking Malfoy and his cohorts, but there were only so many times something like that would work. Even now he knew that the expectations on him from both Fred and George would be enormous, and they would await with baited breath to see what the son of a Marauder could do. But what could he do? It was then that an idea emerged in his thoughts, one that was a mixture of Ravenclaw and Slytherin in nature. Pushing himself into a seated position, Harry lit a candle and pulled out a piece of parchment along with a quill and some ink. He had no idea if this would work, heck, chances were it would collapse in on itself instantly. Perhaps that was why he was suddenly so determined to see it through, attempting something that nobody else in the school would even contemplate. Sure he knew that he had to remember to save the world from Voldemort but he saw no problem with having a little bit of fun between now and then. For possibly the first time in his life he actually felt like a kid. A man trapped in a boy's body, but a kid nonetheless. ... Susan sat at the breakfast table, eating away at the cereal she had in front of her. Once more she had come to breakfast early not wanting to be late for the first classes of the day. It was predominantly for that reason she was completely caught off guard as an owl landed in front of her, a scroll attached to it's leg and a small package in it's beak. It was still a while before the post should even start arriving and Susan had to blink a couple of times and look around to see if something else was out of the ordinary. Those that had seen the owl no longer paid it any attention and the young Miss Bones imagined that this was something that may occur more often than not. Her haste quickened as the owl screeched in her face wanting her to hurry up. Untying the scroll, Susan passed the owl a biscuit off the table which it grabbed in it's beak before taking to the air. The owl itself had been unrecognisable, grey in colour and likely belonged to the school itself. It made her question though why something was being sent to her as opposed to someone actively coming towards her and passing her the parchment. Unravelling the scroll, she was glad that she had come to breakfast early when the first thing the parchment said was ' read this alone'. Looking over her shoulders to see that nobody was reading what she had, she continued down the paper. Susan Bones Congratulations. You have been chosen for a very specific task, one of which you cannot let anybody know about. To ensure this, this parchment will incinerate within two minutes of being unravelled, you have been warned. Inside that box is a muggle novelty item. You will inflate it and place it on Professor Quirrell's chair before dinner this evening. It has been enchanted to vanish when in contact with wood so there is little chance of it being seen. The time has been set, only you can make it happen. Failure to do so will result in severe consequences. Welcome to Potter Club. ...