collect him. "Give it up, you're making a show of yourself. You're nothing but an embarrassment. A stain on your heritage." "Me? I'm an embarrassment? Look in a mirror Orion, you're a bloody caricature. They've locked an innocent kid in here because of you, and I'm not leaving until he walks out that door." It went on like that for a while, until there was the unmistakable crack of Apparition and Sirius's protests were abruptly silenced. He must have really needed a Werewolf for something. Not long after, Remus heard his parents being refused entry. Lyall appealed to one of his old colleagues for help to no avail. "That's not your son in there Lyall, let it go. It's over now. He'll be relocated in the morning." "That's not possible, you can't do that Digby, please. He's my son. There must be something." Remus loved his father very much, but he knew there was no going back now. His borrowed time among the flock had run out and he was to be cast among the wolves. He was ready to hear it said for the umpteenth time. He was braced for Digbys response. What he wasn't prepared for was Digby to speak in the finest whisper. "We can't talk here." Albus Dumbledore had arrived too late at Gambol and Japes, he found Skip Gambol crying at the register holding a worn paperback. She looked up at him with wide eyes as he entered. "Professor." She swiped at her tears. "I hope you didn't come looking for a laugh." "No Skippia, I've come for a Master Lupin." Her face creased up. "A Mr. Chang took him to the Ministry." "Ah, then I must go to the Ministry." "What'll they do to him Professor? He lent me this book, and he underlined some of it. I never thought…" Albus paused and made his way to the desk. He tipped his head a little to see the page his former student had been reading. There were two lines, neatly underlined in pencil. "He may be bad, without ever doing anything bad. He may commit a sin against society, and yet realise through that sin his true perfection," Albus read aloud. "Fine words." "I let them take him," she sobbed. "I let them, over a bloody trinket. Tell me, is he even a Squib? Or did they just refuse him a wand?" Albus stepped away from the counter and prepared to Disapparate. "It may not be too late." Albus Dumbledore had a list of tasks which needed to be complete once he'd assumed the position of Headmaster at Hogwarts. The first few were administrative. He raised the wages for the Keeper of the Keys, and moved into his office. Items 7 through to 237 on his list were questions which needed answering. Questions which he had found handwritten in a notebook in Armando's junk drawer. Remus Lupin wanted to know why all people had to suffer, he wanted to know how Wizards in India practiced religion, and he wanted to know how likely it was that he would ever have a chance at a normal life. Albus wanted to give Remus the opportunity to learn. "Mr. Lupin? My name is Professor Albus Dumbledore, would it be possible for me to talk with you?" "This is a joke, isn't it?" A hoarse voice replied, and amber eyes appeared in the open slot of the cell door. "I'm afraid jokes are your trade, not mine." "I heard you speaking to my family." "Did you, really? Through all those enchantments? How extraordinary." "Why did you do that to them? They believed you." "I should hope so, I was telling the truth." "Let's just get this over with. I promise you my condition is it's own punishment." "You know, you're a very articulate young man." "What did you call me?" "I said you're very articulate, what happened to that impeccable hearing of yours?" Albus smiled at the narrowed, blood-shot eyes. The child's brow was prematurely wrinkled with a furrow of worry, and a scar ran across his nose. "I know you know what I am, and I know that whatever you might've told my parents that you can't get me out of here. So why are you doing this?" "I'm afraid that's not the question I came to answer," Albus said, and he opened the notebook he'd been carrying and read aloud: "If I'm really human 353 days out of the year, then why am I treated like an animal for all of them? Are Werewolves human? Explain. "Stop it." "Why can't I have a wand? What does the law say about Werewolves living alone?" "Would you stop talking." "Am I allowed to get married? Am I allowed to own a house? Is Divination viable? Explain." "You don't have to mock me!" "Mr. Lupin, I wanted to help you answer these questions. I wish I knew how to convince you." "They say that I'm a wolf in sheep's clothing. Appearing vulnerable is part of a Werewolf's natural defense, did you know that? That the more vulnerable I appear, the more dangerous I am?" "You've been listening to the staff." "And in you walk Professor like a dog with a limp, promising the world. Do you understand why I'm not convinced?" Albus frowned, nodding. "It's not a time for words then." "No, I'm afraid that time has quite passed." Albus reached out and pushed up the heavy latch on the cell. "Step back please." And Albus was unsurprised that this was the first instruction Remus followed. The door swung open to reveal a boy more weary than his years could justify. "I didn't write those questions because I wanted the answers." Albus smiled genially; his curiosity peaked. "Why then?" "Because I wanted my Dad to talk to me. Because I was alone, and I had no one else." That was something Albus could definitely help with. "Come with me," he said, and he brought him back to the start.