help me get onto the Hogwarts Express?" I ask as a chubby old woman with red hair pushes through the crowd behind George but gets pushed back. "Sure. I never did catch your name." He states calmly as he offers me his arm. "What a gentleman." I comment as I feel heat rush to my cheeks and take his arm. "I like to go by Emma Evans." I inform him and he nods his head. "Well Ms. Emma Evans, I am George Thomas Weasley." He informs me as we walk towards the woman calling his name over the crowd. "A pleasure Mr. Weasley." I offer warmly. We break through the crowd to come across five other red heads and a brunette with glasses. "George I told you- oh. And who are you my dear?" The woman asks me. "I like to go by Emma Evans Miss Weasley I presume?" I ask. "Why yes that's me. Are you in George's year? He's never mentioned you." She states and George stiffens as his siblings snicker behind their mother. "Oh no I'm a first year. Your son and I just bumped into each other" quite literally. "in Diagonally and I guess we sort of hit it off." I admit and she looks over at George. "So that's where you went of to." She hisses. "Mum hate to interfere, really do, but the train will be leaving the station soon." The tallest boy says from behind Miss. Weasley. "Yes yes. Off with you. Come on gotta get through the barrier." She says pushing the one who spoke. I look up at George with a, what I hope is a, questioning look only to receive a head nod. The one who spoke before runs at the brick column and vanishes running right through it. I stare in amazement till I feel George remove his arm and run after his twin brother. "You next sweetheart. Go on just run on at the wall you'll pass right through." She informs me and I do as she says. Once I'm through George is next to me again a trolley in front of him. "Welcome, my dear Miss. Evans, to platform nine and three quarters." He states happily as he leads me to a train cart with hardly anyone going in. "This one full?" He asks one of the other students. "Nope hardly anyone in here." The girl admits. "Thanks Angelina." George calls as the brunette walks off with a tall brunette boy. "She a great Quidditch player for the Gryffindor team." He comments. As he helps me lift my trunk up into the train. "Do you play? Looks like you could be a beater." I comment and he chuckles. "Me and Fred play as the Gryffindor beaters." He admits with a nod. We shiver my trunk in and I climb in and pull is all the way in before jumping back out to help him get his in. "That sounds amazing. Maybe I'll come watch you practice sometime." I offer and the tips of his ears redden. He really does like me. "That'd be nice." He states as we push his trunk into the train. I climb in and grab mine as he makes his way down the hall till he walks into a empty compartment. "Can I um... Can I sit with you?" I ask timidly. He turns and smiles warmly at me. "You really think you have to ask?" I blush a little but nod my head all the same. "Well you don't. Come on I'll really introduce you to my mum." He says leading me out of the compartment. I follow him off of the train and over to his mum who is talking to his twin. "Ah George. Now I want you and your brother both on your best behavior and I want you to look out for your younger brother." She tells him patting him on the cheek. "Alright mum." He offers looking at me. "Emma this is my mum Molly Weasley. My dad's Arthur Weasley but... well he works for the Ministry of Magic." I nod my head as I stick my hand out. "Miss. Weasley it's nice to meet you." I admit and she smiles warmly. "Of course dear. Now the two of you better get on that train before your left behind." She says just as the whistle blows. George and I spin around and running to the door diving in just as the train begins to move. We turn back and wave watching the train station move along till it's gone. "Welcome to the beginning of your first year of Hogwarts." He states with a smile before he leads me back to our cabin. When we walk in Fred and another boy sit in the cabin talking to each other. "Hey George. Emma where yea from?" Fred asks as I sit down next to the window. "Well I'm from London." I admit softly. "Not a very... adventurous life as a kid." I admit. "Have a favorite Quidditch team?" The other boy asks. "Chudley Cannons. Um not to be rude but who are you?" I ask softly, embarrassed. "Oh yeah I'm Lee Jordan friend of Fred and George." He says offering a hand. "I go by Emma Evans. At least that's what I let my friends and family call me." I admit. "Its nice to meet you Emma." Lee says before we dive into talk about Quidditch and what we expect the year to come to be like. Well that's that. A few thinks I think I should point out. The custom wand thing is my own creation but all the descriptions about the wand woods and cores I found on Harry Potter Wikipedia. I DO NOT own Harry Potter just got a good idea after watching the movies and reading the books for the twentieth time. I'll update when I can but I honestly don't know when that'll be. Please leave comments below and tell me what you think.