breastplate. Three thunderous blasts erupted from the middle, top, and then bottom of the behemoth. The light flashed across the entire great hall, momentarily blinding the audience, and echoing the thunderous blasts throughout the room. The large middle section was completely vaporized from Harry's spell. The top half was blasted into the air before falling off the dueling platform and dissipating into nothingness before it reached the crowd. The sword had vanished instantaneously from the first blast and the bottom half rolled loosely on the floor before vanishing into nothingness. Harry breathed hard as he looked over at Delphini who was just as exhausted from conjuring the monster. Harry felt ready to fall to his knees from the exhaustion overwhelming his body but kept to his feet. His back felt sweaty and his muscles sore. Delphini was sweating from exertion too. She grinned at Harry. Her eyes directed solely at him. She nodded to him with a grin. Approval? I guess that I impressed her with that stunt. Took too much magic though . . . I'm not sure I can keep up. thought Harry, How do I limit her movements or at least match it? An idea struck Harry. He grinned back at Delphini and raised his wand. Delphini took a defensive pose. "Accio!" hollered Harry, his wand raised to the sky. The double doors of the Great Hall flew open and Harry caught his firebolt in his free hand. He pointed his wand at Delphini. "Stupefy!" Delphini whacked the spell with the tip of her wand, not even bothering to utilize a shield. The spell flew past her to the far wall and slammed onto the wall to dissipate into nothingness. The crowd gasped and murmured in praise at her skill. Harry took the time to mount his broom and fly into the air. Delphini shot forth four spells in quick succession but Harry easily swerved and avoided the spells. Harry responded with spells of his own at a much faster pace thanks to being on a broom. Delphini let out an aggravated sigh as she was forced to run around the dueling platform and make an effort to physically dodge spells; some of Harry's spells were scrapping her and only barely being dodged. Delphini bit her lip and glared as she returned fire with silent casting. Harry scowled and continued his bombardment of spells raining down upon Delphini. The crowd went wild; cheers for either Delphini or Harry matched in equal fervor. The duel had surpassed all others in both expectation and entertainment value. It seemed almost like a light show. Flickers and jet streams of blue, indigo, red, purple, white, and multi-colored spellwork were shot back and forth from the sky and ground of the dueling platform. The intense battle raged for what felt like almost an hour. As wave after wave of spellwork rained down or skyrocketed up with some spells knocking into each other and causing concrete blasts that boomed and erupted into sparks akin to multi-colored fireworks. The sounds echoed across the entire great hall and made for a compelling light show. Delphini's visage slowly turned a shade red. Enough of this shoot and dodge crap, I need to take a risk . . . I can't believe he mastered Occlumency to such an extent. Snape was wrong about his prowess . . . or perhaps, he didn't consider Potter's personality characteristics. It's clear that Potter can close his mind already by mastering non-verbal casting within a week. All the information I used to understand Harry Potter, based upon Draco and Snape's personal accounts, are utterly worthless. Considering how sincere they seemed about their testimonials and how important my mission is, I can only conclude that they never took a thorough assessment of what he's like and judged him from their own House biases over the years. I can't fly at Potter without revealing too much, so given the information that Potter has utilized, this ploy of his is brilliant. But I shall not fail! I can beat this, if I try . . . to . . . EXPELLIARMUS! EXPELLIARMUS! STUPEFY! Harry's eyes widened at the rapidly approaching spells. He tried to use his broom to do a barrel roll to avoid the collision but froze upon realizing that his broom was stuck in midair. He looked down and scowled at Delphini's smirking face. Her wand pointed straight at his broom and forcibly stopping it with a powerful non-verbal spell. Harry wracked his brain and raised his wand just as the three spells were ready to hit him. Harry gritted his teeth and had a vice grip on his wand as the expelliarmus spell hit him fully on the chest. He brought his wand down. BOMBARDA MAXIMA! EXPELLIARMUS! STUPEFY! The remaining expelliarmus hit his wand hand and knocked his wand off of his hand. His wand fell to the ground and Harry watched helplessly as the stupefy spell struck him upon his chest and his unconscious body careened down to the floor. Delphini was ready to use the levitation spell to stop his fall but suddenly had to use a shield charm to block the bombarda maxima. The intensified bombarda spell broke through the hastily cast shield and knocked Delphini backwards. The expelliarmus spell then struck her in the abdomen causing her wand to go flying behind her. Delphini's eyes widened as the stupefy spell knocked her unconscious. Hermione quickly chanted wingardium leviosa to prevent Harry's fall. She looked between the unconscious Harry floating in the air from her spell to the knocked out Delphini on the ground. She carefully lowered Harry onto the floor alongside his brook and used accio to bring their wands to her. "Both combatants have knocked each other unconscious . . ." said Hermione, looking at the stunned crowd. "the battle is a draw!" Cheers erupted at the announcement. The battle between the unconscious pair would be floating around the Hogwarts rumor mill for quite some time.