to say to this, so she gave him an uncomfortable small smile. "Horace speaks very highly of you," He continued, appearing not to notice her discomfort, "I'm going to say that I expect nothing but the best from you, Miss Granger." "O-Of course, Professor," Hermione responded, feeling a little bit of heat rise to her cheeks, yet again. "I bid you goodnight, then, and I shall see you in the morning," He said charmingly, nodding his head at her. "Yes…Goodnight, Sir," Hermione mumbled, watching as he turned and elegantly strode away from her, his robes billowing dramatically behind him. She released a breath she didn't realize she was holding and shakily stood. How stereotypical could she be? A student, crushing on her handsome teacher. It sounded like a muggle drama, but she was sure that having a teeny crush on him wouldn't matter, right? After all, she was sure there would be girls that would be obsessed by the time the year was over, and she definitely wasn't that into him. Sighing, she decided she'd admire him from afar. There wasn't anything wrong with that - not that she could help it anyway. Unlike other girls, she definitely would not sink as low as to actually flirt with him or something equally embarrassing. No, she just thinks he's attractive, and that's simply it. Picking up her bags, she made her way towards the head common room, lost in thoughts. "Thestrial," Hermione said at the painting of a beautiful maiden, standing beside a black night. "Correct," The fair maiden said, opening up the door. Hermione walked in and was instantly awed. The common room was like the Gryffindor's, only a lot bigger and nicer. The fire place was huge, and a black leather couch sat in front of it. There were bookshelves in the corner, surrounded by two tables. Two stair cases were in the back, one leading to her dorms and the other leading to Harry's. Smiling, Hermione flew up the stairs, throwing her door open. Her room was massive. A king bed sat against the wall, covered in red silk bedding. There was a study table and a vanity in the corner. Giddily, she opened the door to her bathroom, awed when she saw a luxurious tub. "Just what I needed," Hermione said out loud, and began drawing the bath. The room filled with the smell of lavender, relaxing her as she undressed. Sinking into the hot water, she sighed in relief. Yes, this was exactly what she needed. A loud knocking came on the door, making her jump and groan. "Hermione, are you in there?" Ginny's voice came from outside her door. "Yes, Ginny, I'm taking a bath!" Hermione yelled, sinking into the tub. "I'm coming in!" Ginny exclaimed, before bursting through the door. Hermione groaned and regretted not putting a locking charm on the door so she wouldn't be interrupted. Ginny bounced in and happily sat on the toilet lid, not bothered in the least bit that Hermione was in the bathtub. "So, is Professor Riddle the dreamiest guy you've ever seen, or what?" Ginny asked, wiggling her eyebrows. "Yes, Ginny," Hermione sighed, "He definitely is…" "You know, I caught him looking at you a few times…" Hermione groaned, pressing her hands into her face. "I'm Head girl, that's why," Hermione responded, knowing exactly where Ginny's overactive imagination was going. "Ah ha!" Ginny exclaimed, pointing her finger, "So, you noticed it too!" Hermione didn't answer, but rolled her eyes at her friend. She couldn't help it when a smile formed on her face, though. "You know, he wasn't wearing a wedding band," Ginny said excitedly, "Which is amazing…Because, well, who wouldn't have already snatched him up!" "You actually looked for a wedding band?" Hermione asked, flabbergasted. "Didn't you?" Ginny asked indecorously, "When you see a man that gorgeous, a woman's natural reaction is to look for a wedding band." "Maybe it doesn't count when said gorgeous man just happens to be your Professor, Ginny." Hermione mumbled, shaking her head. "Well, that just makes it all the more exciting!" Ginny said, "It makes it forbidden…Illicit...which makes it that more romantic." "An illicit affair with a Professor isn't really what I fantasize about," Hermione snorted, rolling her eyes. "Romance is so much more thrilling when its not allowed, Hermione," Ginny said, smiling, "You know its true." "Ginny, do me a favor, and stop reading your moms corny romance books," Hermione retorted, "It's effecting your brain." Ginny snorted. "Those books have taught me a lot!" Ginny scoffed, putting her hands on her hips. "Like what?" Hermione asked, "What to do when between the sheets? That's all those books are…Smut." "Well, actually-" Ginny started. "No!" Hermione exclaimed, covering her ears, "If I have to hear about your… activities with Harry, I swear, I'm going to vomit! " "Oh, come on! We have to have girl-sex talk!" "No, we really don't," Hermione said bitterly, "How would you like it if I talked about Ron and I…" Ginny promptly shook with disgust, along with Hermione. "Never mind that, then," Hermione said, shuddering, "But its like you're talking about my brother…you know what I mean!" "I bet Professor Riddle is a damn God in bed," Ginny said dreamily. ' Probably.' "Who knows, Ginny, but we'll never find out," Hermione responded, willing her mind to stay out of the gutter; lest she join Ginny, who was clearly already there. "Hey, a girl can dream," Ginny said, holding her hands up in surrender, "That's all I'm saying!" "Do you mind, Ginny?" Hermione asked in a tired voice, "I'm tired and I'd like to finish my bath. Can't we talk about this ridiculous stuff later?" "Finnneee," Ginny whined, standing up and walking towards the door, "But this isn't over, Granger!" Hermione rolled her eyes as Ginny laughed and slammed the door behind her. ' This is going to be a lonnnggg year,' Hermione thought to herself, pushing Professor Riddle's handsome face to the back of her mind.