to streak down her face as Harry streaked kisses down her neck. He continued to thrust faster and faster and finally buried himself deep within her folds. Cum delved into his property and some leaked out. They fell while wrapped in each other's arms. Kreacher came to summon the blanket over them as they subconsciously snuggled and fell asleep together. Harry kissed Nymphadora on the forehead and stroked her hair and she nestled her head into the crook of his neck. Harry yawned and awoke in bed. He checked the window to see that it was morning. I guess going through all of those rituals really drained me. The wards for all my properties must have gone up immediately upon claiming my Lordship. He looked down and smirked as he saw a nude Nymphadora resting on his body with her legs still wrapped around his waist albeit more loosely. He gently turned over their bodies, which laid side to side, to move her on bottom and him on top. He began touching her and tracing his hands around her body. He touched her from her elbows, to her shoulders, to her shoulders feeling the firmness of her body, and to moving his hands to her neck. I could choke her to death and there would be no repercussions. mused Harry, he suddenly felt the urge to do just that. To wrap his hands around her throat and choke her awake. He giggled at the idea. No, it could be fun but it would be a waste. I don't want to kill her. He moved his hands down her collarbone began to play with her breasts. Poking them, pinching them, squishing them, moving them around in circles, licking the areolas with his tongue, putting his head on the center and enjoying her scent before using his breasts to motorboat himself, and kissing them. He briefly thought of waking her up to fulfill a sudden fantasy of putting his penis between her mounds but dismissed the thought. He grinned as he heard Nymphadora's moans of pleasure from his ministrations before moving his hands downward. He placed his palms flat to feel her belly and looked down at their still united genitals. All mine. All to do with as I please, Harry gazed at Nymphadora's bruised and swollen face and grinned again. So beautiful. Maybe I should make a habit of redecorating the bitch's face. Harry stretched and pulled his penis slightly out of Nymphadora before slamming back into her folds quickly. Nymphadora woke up screaming in pain. Harry scowled and slapped her. "What?! What the hell?! Who is doing that?!" yelled Nymphadora groggily, slowly trying to raise her body while gingerly holding her slapped cheek with her left hand. "What is going on?!" Harry glared at his property's misbehavior and punched her in the face causing her to fall onto the bed. Harry began to vigorously pound into her. Harry hissed in pleasure as Nymphadora began screaming in a mixture of pain and pleasure. "I'm, I'm sorry, Master . . . ahh, Ahh, AHH!" screamed Nymphadora as Harry relentlessly thrusted in and out of her. Her boobs giggled, she lay her body flat as her left hand covered her tear streaked eyes, and she begged for forgiveness while screaming out in reaction to Harry's thrusting. "Ahh, ahh, ahh, ahhhhhh! Maaahh, Master! Please! I'm sorr- AHHH!" Harry moaned and then hummed as he heard Nymphadora's screams. Harry thrusted faster and faster as he heard Nymphadora moan, scream, felt increased pleasure from her sweaty body writhing in pain from his fast thrusts as she squirmed and her breasts jiggled, and Harry finally felt her folds clench around his penis. Harry thrusted faster as Nymphadora moaned. She laid motionless simply accepting his penetrative thrusts and he finally felt the pressure. Harry came inside his property and gasped in pleasure. Nymphadora arched her back for her own orgasm before collapsing upon the bed. Harry watched in amusement as she breathed heavily while laying helpless on the bed. He spread his property's legs apart and finally pulled out of her. Nymphadora folded her legs towards herself and breathed heavily. Harry moved to her left side and roughly shoved her off the bed. Nymphadora yelped and fell hard on the wooden floor. Harry burst out laughing at seeing her tenderly touching her side and crying. Harry grabbed the two wands, got off the bed, and waved his own to charm a towel on him as he moved to get ready to shower. He turned back to Nymphadora and scowled. "What the hell are you doing, you idiot?!" shouted Harry. Nymphadora had flinched as she had tried to reach for her bra as she began raising her body. She turned to him with her eyes widening in fear. "You will not wear any clothes unless we have guests in the house. Kreacher will come by later to give you the clothing befitting your status and check you for injuries. You may wallow here and express your feelings and you will eat at your designated station in the kitchen." Harry waved his wand and her clothes were immediately incinerated to ash. He grinned before leaving. Nymphadora tried to calm herself with a few ragged breaths before she collapsed onto the wood floor and screamed in frustration as she wept. She curled herself into a ball and cried aloud. Her body shuddered as she cried. Oh Merlin, what did I do to deserve this?! What?! Why did this have to happen to me?! My parents . . . I was so wrong about them, they never did love me. How could they just forget about me?! And now I'm stuck here, forever . . . Why?! Why, why, why, why, why . . . ! There was a pop. Nymphadora looked up to see Kreacher with a medical bag and a collar. Nymphadora had another bout of crying and screaming as she saw the collar had the title "NYMPH" in white.