shall always protect you, Cissy. Draco and you both." "You couldn't protect Draco, though," she told him, aghast at how her voice was trembling now. "You couldn't protect him, nobody could once the Dark Lord decided to make him a target to get back at Lucius. Nobody can keep Draco safe if the Dark Lord decides to harm him again—" "Cissy—" Sirius made to intervene, pained and annoyed at the same time, though he seemed at a loss of words. For all that he claimed to be nothing like his family, Sirius was quite like Grandfather Arcturus and Uncle Orion – always at sea when it came to dealing with upset women. Narcissa went on. "With Lucius in Azkaban—and he will probably lose his wits by the time he is out of prison, Draco will be the owner of everything that belongs to House Malfoy… all the wealth, all the power, no matter how we have fallen from grace, the name Malfoy still commands a lot of respect and power in pureblood circles. And the Dark Lord—he will want that, Sirius. He will want Draco to atone for Lucius' mistakes, he will want Draco to join him, to bring all that we have along with him—and if Draco refuses…" she trailed off, not needing any effort to let the tears gather in her eyes now. It had been so long since she had someone to talk to, someone to admit all her fears for her son's life, someone to confide in. Lucius' first mistake had led to the Dark Lord having him bitten by Fenrir Greyback, turning him into a werewolf. She couldn't let the wizard harm her son again. She couldn't lose Draco… the boy was all that mattered to her with Lucius lost. Draco was her life, her entire world, and she would do anything for him, even surrendering the legacy of her House to a man many still considered a blood traitor. "Draco is just a boy," she went on, Sirius watching her with an inscrutable expression. "But you… you are Lord Black, Sirius. You hold so much power—you are close to Minister Fudge, you have Andromeda in the Wizengamot, you are an Auror yourself… if you agree to become the Protector for House Malfoy—" "—Voldemort will not target Draco," Sirius finished for her, making her shudder at the utterance of the Dark Lord's name. "Voldemort will gain nothing by trying to force or lure Draco to his side when I have charge of House Malfoy. He will have to pass through me before getting to Draco and the Malfou assets. Your son will be safe, at least for the next five years," Sirius stated tonelessly. "Yes," she agreed, watching him hopefully. It was a win-win situation for Sirius, really. Being Lord Black and the Protector for House Malfoy would only add to his influence, his power, his awe-inspiring image in public and even in the corridors of power. He was already on the Dark Lord's hit list; he had already been targeted by the Dark Lord a handful of times. The returns he would get from this would be greater than the risks. Perhaps she could tell him that, convince him further of the merits of accepting this? But something held her back. "If you want to discuss this with Andromeda, if you need more time to consider this—" she began. "Do you realise what this means, Narcissa?" Sirius interrupted her. She noticed how he wasn't calling her Cissy anymore. "You will lose a handful of your pureblood friends, you will make it known to Voldemort that you are not on his side, Draco will never agree to this, and when Lucius comes to know of this—" "Lucius did what he had to," she cut him off, voice trembling with fury this time. "He put me into this situation. Now I shall salvage it as I deem it best. I shall do what Lucius should have done. I shall protect my son." Sirius watched her mutely again, his gaze calculating now, until he took the parchments again. He took the casket of wax from the table, and dipping the ancestral ring which he wore on his finger – the one that was worn by the Head of the House of Black – into it, he pressed the Black crest beneath his name. With a slightly trembling hand, Narcissa followed suit with the ring Lucius had kept safe for when Draco came of age. With a quick wave of his wand, Sirius slashed his thumb, letting the droplets of his blood fall onto the desk. Dipping a quill into it, he signed his name right above the Black seal. "May I?" Sirius asked her quietly. Narcissa said nothing for a long moment, before she nodded, barely even feeling the pain of the cut Sirius slashed on her palm. Letting her blood drip onto the desk, she dipped the quill into the dark, glistening liquid. Narcissa Cassiopeia Malfoy, she signed her name, watching the words until they dried on the parchment. She could feel it now – the magic thrumming in her veins, warm and cold at the same time, signalling the pact she had sealed. "Cissy," Sirius said softly, healing her palm with a swish of his wand. "Sirius," she said quietly. "Lord Protector. I trust you with everything I have, with my son's life." "And I shall not let you down," he promised, something in his tone telling her he meant to keep his word. oOoOoOoO A/N: Hope this was a decent read. Not our best work, I'll admit. But we're so excited to write year four, so I promise there's a fun ride in the upcoming chapters. Thanks again for reading. Btw, I'm going to be changing my author name. I'd taken CentaurPrincess from my Pottermore ID back when I was a teen. Feels like it's time I change it. So you'll get the alert for the next chapter under a new author's name :)