the girl, she was in such an awkward position. Peter was the last of the five of them to leave the scene, and he scuttled straight past him. Remus sat down where Tonks had been just a moment before. He had no idea why he'd been so idiotic. He put his head in his head in his hands and sighed loudly. Sirius knelt beside Tonks right until the moment she woke up, three hours later, in the middle of the night. She sprang up, scared. "Sirius? Lily?" she saw Sirius beside her and stared at him, wide-eyed. "What happened? Why am I here?" Sirius took great care in explaining what had happened, leaving out what Remus had done. "She's right you know, Mum. I'm never gonna become an Auror. They aren't going to let me, especially after this. As for getting married…. Well we established ages ago that that's not happening, so…" she trailed off, seeing that Lily and James were sat on James' bed. "You guys stayed up too?" she asked, worried. Her friends hadn't slept? She didn't care about sleep, she didn't go to many classes, but Lily wanted to be a Healer, and she needed perfect grades. "Panic Attacks can be fatal to Metamorphs, we had to make sure you were alright." Smiled Lily. Peter was staring at her, terrified. James rolled his eyes. "Ignore him, he had your foot, I think you kicked him in the face three times." The Marauders laughed as Peter nodded. Tonks got up and pulled him into a hug. "I'm sorry Pete. I know you meant well…. Did I hurt anyone else?" They all shook their heads. "What about Remus… he isn't here! God, he wasn't so bad he had to go to the infirmary was he?" Sirius looked at Lily. She shrugged anxiously. James scratched his head. Peter looked at her nervously. "What? Did I kill him?" her hair turned grey with worry. James sighed. "We have to tell her…. Remus didn't help. He was there, but… but he wouldn't help us. He just watched, the git." He looked at Sirius, who'd scrunched up his hands into fists, "We don't know why, he just, didn't seem to care…" Tonks' eyes welled up with tears. He didn't care? Lily stood up and hugged her. "He's awful, we know. he hasn't come back, thank Merlin. If Sirius didn't kill him, I wouldn't doubt that me and James would have his throat." She smiled slightly, before looking at the door, which opened. "Talk of the Devil." James seethed. He looked at Sirius, who calmly sat down. He wasn't going to upset poor Tonks even more by becoming a murderer. Remus sat on his bed and pulled a book off of the table. He began reading, despite that fact that the Marauders were staring at him. Tonks shifted awkwardly on her feet. "I should go…" she mumbled, "The girls, th-they'll be wondering where I am." Sirius rolled his eyes, completely annoyed. "No they won't, Tonks, you know they don't like you… no offense." "It's fine, I'll just stay in the common room. Most people clear out when I'm in there anyway." Lily looked at her, one eyebrow raised. "No, Tonks, you're staying in my room. At least then you don't have to share with…" She glanced at Remus, "Boys. You won't have to share with boys." She finished, not trying to start an argument. "I'm not supposed to be here anyway, we'd get so done." Tonks shook her head, "It's fine, the common room sofa's pretty comfy anyway, you know. Besides, no-one in Gryffindor likes me much ether. Or Ravenclaw, and especially not Slytherin. Then again, after what my extremely loving Mother wrote in that Howler, they probably adore me. Yay." She sighed, and was about to leave when Peter stood up. "Don't go, Tonks. Just because… people… here aren't nice doesn't mean you have to leave us. We're still your friends." It was the first time he'd spoken about Remus, even though it was indirectly aimed at him. Tonks smiled. "No, It's good. I wouldn't want your house to hate you too." she opened the door and slipped out of it silently. As she walked through the corridors, tears rolled slowly down her face and her hair turned a deep blue. How had everything gone so wrong? "Well done, Lupin." Said Sirius. None of the Marauders had called him by his first name since he'd started acting like a prat. He sat on his bed. "You know, the only reason I'm not killing him is because Tonks needs me out of prison, right?" he looked at James, who nodded. Lily sighed loudly. She was reaching the end of her tether. Remus acting horrid, Sirius and James angry all the time, Peter barely talking, Tonks constantly upset. Everything was falling apart. She felt like she was going to cry. "I'm going to bed." She mumbled, wiping away a tear. James looked at her, worried, as she left the room. "James, could you help me with my Transfiguration homework?" Asked Sirius, "I'd ask someone else, but he's acting like a git at the current time." He glared at Remus, and James sighed. "You're a bloody Animagus, Sirius. Can't you figure it out yourself? I'm going to bed." He pulled the covers over himself, and Peter silently turned out the light beside his bed. James did the same, his face in his pillow. The only light was coming from Sirius and Remus' bed lamps, the only sound was Sirius' scrawling. Eventually Remus turned out his light, then finally Sirius did. But none of them were asleep. They heard movement, and then sobs. Peter was crying. His friends were breaking apart, all around him, and then what would he have left? He'd be on his own just like Tonks would be the year they left. They four boys sat, listening to Peter's wrenching sobs. Little did they know that two girls were doing the exact same thing.