of Auror department? Surely you can change the orders? Please, look, er.. I will learn the Colposecc curse and if necessary, I will curse them, but blindly putting it around my house is dangerous. What if someone innocent got hurt?" Mr. Potter smiled, "James was right, he told me you won't like it one bit." At the mention of James, Lily did a double take. She was surprised that Mr. Potter had discussed this with him. Whatever happened to confidentiality? "He is interning at the ministry, he knows the protocol." Lily's mind was back on the urse, what if someone unknowingly walked to it and got hurt? What about people like Severus? Did he have the dark mark on him, had he ever used an unforgivable curse? The curse split a body in half! There was no recovering from it unless you get instant medical aid. "Not all of them want to do it, it isn't unheard of to be coaxed, threatened or even just plain imperiused into following him. What if one such person walks in?" Mr. Potter looked surprised, "They are still here to hurt you or your family, would you want to protect them? Is that what you've learnt from that day at Hogsmeade?" "I don't know what I have learnt or if I've learnt anything from that day Mr. Potter, but if you put that curse around my house, I will make sure that I take it off, I will have to find how to, but I will do it. And then you wouldn't know what curses I have and don't, is that the place you want to be?" Just then, the bell rang and Lily's blood went cold; it was after all, time for the Dursleys to arrive. Petunia came down with a disapproving scowl on her face and her mother came out holding a tray with tea and biscuits with slight trepidation. Lily grabbed Mr. Potter's hand and urged him upstairs to her room, he didn't seem to mind at all and followed her easily enough. When she closed the door in her room and turned around to explain, Mr. Potter stopped her, "No need to explain Miss Evans, I understand quite well. I will just make myself invisible and start working on the charms around your houses. Just remember that some of the charms are quite strong so they might bleed into the house and surrounding places and may cause side effects. Nothing major, but if your memory starts to wane a bit, let us know immediately." Lily heard voices downstairs mixed with Petunia's squeaks and Vernon's delighted laugh. "I will take that curse off Mr Potter." "You are welcome to, but I am going to put it up," and with that he was off. She sat there on her bed for a bit listening to Mr. Potter's voice performing all the charms around her house. Lily suddenly felt utterly tired and gave into exhaustion and lay down on her bed. As soon as her head hit the pillow, she heard a knock, "Honey, is everything alright? It would be good if you could come down and sit with us for a bit," her mother's face popped in. Lily groaned, but knew it was pointless, so she just got up and straightened herself up and went downstairs. The entire party downstairs was smiling broadly, much too broadly for it to be a comfortable affair. Warmth and love was only shared between Petunia and Vernon, Lily was glad to note. Whatever his faults, anyone could see how hopelessly in love he was with her. Thinking of the curses around there house and the doom that seemed to follow Lily, she longed for a life similar to that awaited her sister. As she reached the living room, Lily smiled at everyone and said her hellos quickly moving to bring some tea cakes out of the kitchen. Vernon's sister and father smiled warmly up at her, but Vernon was cold and barely civil. Lily knew that Petunia had explained Lily's abilities to Vernon and wrote off his behavior to that. They started asking her questions about her school and studies. Lily answered them with practiced efficiency and saw a pleased Petunia, who smiled widely at her. Lily tried to not feel too happy at this, because this was because Lily was hiding her abilities as Petunia preferred, but she couldn't help feeling a flutter of hope that maybe their relationship could be mended this way. "So Lily, what is your favorite subject at school," asked Marge, Vernon's sister. No one had asked Lily this before and she was slightly shocked and unprepared. Petunia spoke up, "Chemistry, yes, she loves it. All that mixing liquids adding ingredients, I don't know why she loves it." Lily smiled and was sure her smile looked painful. Marge seemed somewhat disappointed, but went on, "Oh, I understand. I love Biology, I would love to study more about animals. No one else understands it; they keep telling me it is useless to study animals. I am sure Lily has felt that, haven't you?" Lily suddenly felt a connection with this girl, "Yes, no one sees the point of why love my subjects, but you know, you can't help what you like I guess." The girl (Marge) smiled at her with her eyes twinkling. The conversation flowed smoothly from there and Lily sort of liked the family. She was in an odd way happy for her sister. Vernon loved her and she loved him. His family seemed to have accepted Petunia as one of their own. Once they left, Mrs. Evans turned to Lily and asked her, "Do you like them Lily? They seem nice and I think they will keep Petunia happy." Lily told her mother her thoughts on Vernon and his family, they both went to bed happy. One was happy that a sister would be so loved and the other in the hopes of two sisters loving each other again.