near these full moons. One year it was Slytherins transfigured into bats, one year it was a Great pumpkin hovering over all their heads. Remus often wondered from where did James got the ideas. But he knew-from the half-blood Peter. Usually during Halloween Remus felt extremely relieved, thanks to his own pack. But presently, he felt really bad. He was away from his family and he knew something bad was going to happen. And the worst part was, Remus couldn't tell what. Lily apparated somewhere near her house. She was pregnant and very well off. But then, she soon would have to stop apparating or else her sister would and James would kill her! Lily smiled. When she would get home, she would prank James along with Jenny. Oh, this was going to be wonderful! But as she turned around the corner, Lily's smile disappeared. Her house was destroyed. There was no Dark Mark hovering over the house. One side had been blown away. Clutching her stomach, Lily ran inside the house. As soon as she reached the Living room, she dropped on her knees. James Potter lay there, eyes wide open. Everything was mixed in rubble but she managed to make out a wand on the couch. She wanted to cry, to scream. But nothing, no sound came. If James was dead, then…. Lily ran up to her son's nursery where everything had blown off. Jenny lay there, one hand protectively over the crib, other on the floor. Harry was nowhere to be seen, and neither was Voldemort. Her son, her little one-year old harry was dead. He had started talking, he could say 'Mu', 'Mooney', 'Pafoo'', 'Da' and 'Wor'ai'. Wormtail. Peter. It was him. He had destroyed her family. Quickly taking her wand, Lily left the house in the state it was, fury evident in her eyes. She was too tired, but that would not stop her from taking her family's revenge from the traitorous filthy rat! But then, as Lily apparated where she knew his apartment was, Lily felt dizzy. Clutching her stomach, she fell down on her knees. Everything was spinning around her. She saw as a few people made their way towards her and she immediately pocketed her wand. The last thing she remembered before blacking out was someone asking her, "Are you all right?" 1 November, 1981 "Looks like the new advanced Polyjuice potion." Was the first thing James heard when he woke up the next day. As he opened his eyes, he saw a wand pointed at him. "Who are you?" "James Potter." "Oh shut up! The whole Potter family was killed last night. Who are you?" James was shocked. His whole family was dead? "Look, the dark Mark is visible on his arm. I say, let's take him back." Said one of the Aurors. They lifted him up. James did not stir, he did not protest. He could not believe his whole family was dead. Lily opened her eyes to see a few nurses and doctor fussing over her. "She is waking up." Someone said. Lily tried to sit up but felt immense pain. "Easy there." Said the doctor. Lily, holding her head, asked "Where am I?" "Hospital. You passed out last night in middle London." "Last night!" Lily exclaimed. She tried to get off the bed but the nurse and doctor held her back. "Now, now, don't be so fast. You are pregnant. You need to rest." Lily tried to argue but again started feeling dizzy. She lay down on the bed. It was of no use now. That traitor would be somewhere halfway across the world by now, or maybe under Voldemort's care! Lily tried to reach her wand, but realized that she was wearing hospital robes. She looked at the nurse and said, "Excuse me, when I would have come here, I must have had a wa- a stick with me." "Yes, it is kept with your clothes. Really well crafted, so I didn't allow them to throw it away. Did you craft it?" "Um, yes. Can I please have it?" asked Lily. The nurse raised an eyebrow but nodded. She left and the doctor and Lily were left alone. As she lay there, she started to think. Maybe she could go to Sirius? But he himself would be devastated and Lily wasn't sure if that would be a good idea. Maybe after a day? But then, Sirius would think that it was Lily who had died. But Jenny's eyes were brown and Lily was pretty sure that he would recognize her. The Longbottoms? No, they were still in danger. Maybe she could send them a patronus. Remus? But he was god knows where! Petunia? Please, that woman may as well be happy that her sister had died! Petunia had happily declared that her sisters died the day they left for Hogwarts. As the nurse came back and gave Lily her wand, she did not feel the familiar rush of magic through her. All she felt was emptiness. She could remember her conversation with Jenny the day before. Maybe it was time to leave. After all, what did she have? Her child, the little one in her womb, could as well grow up as a muggle and if he/she turns out to be a wizard/witch, Lily would let him/her go. But for now, she needed to leave. The world remembered James Potter and Lily Potter, who gave up their lives, and Harry Potter who defeated the dark Lord. The world remembered Sirius Black, the untrustworthy friend and Peter Pettigrew, the true friend. But nobody remembered Remus Lupin, who lost his entire family in one day. Nobody remembered the James Potter look-alike in Azkaban, who never cried. They had told him about Harry Potter and he had smiled. But he never cried. Nobody remembered that Sirius Black never got a trial. Nobody remembered the cry of 'It was Imperious' by Peter. And nobody remembered Lily Potter-look alike living in London.