still deny its existence? Even when this isn't the first instance of magic you've been privy to?" "What do you mean?" she asked, her mind instantly jumping to the memory she knew he must be referring to. "Kaelix, you're far too smart of a young girl to ask a question that you already know the answer to," he was no longer smiling. She wanted to argue with him, deny knowing anything about it, and forget this conversation had ever happened. But she couldn't for one simple reason; he was right. "Magic is real," she said quietly, finally admitting something that she'd denied for nearly six years now. "Indeed it is," he said smiling yet again. "He was right," she said quieter still, then scoffed, "he was always right." "Pardon, I didn't catch that?" he asked. Kaelix gave herself a small shake to dislodge the old memories before she became lost in them, and turned once more to the Old Man sitting before her. "Why do you wish me to attend your school so desperately?" she asked. "What do you mean?" he asked in return. "You seem to have a vested interest in my acceptance of your invitation, or does the headmaster of the school invite every student personally?" "Ahh, I see. Well, yours is a bit of a special case. You see normally students receive their letter upon their eleventh birthday, and that is the year they begin at Hogwarts. But for some reason unbeknownst to me our delivery system failed to deliver your letter. It is an unprecedented problem and therefor I thought it deserved an unprecedented solution." "So I would be two years behind in classes?" "I'm still working out the finer details with my staff but don't let that deter you from coming. I assure you, should you choose to attend Hogwarts you will learn much more than you ever imagined." Kaelix felt there was a double meaning behind his words but she knew that if she pressed the matter he would not admit to it. It was plain that something was there, he did not reveal it but it was as though he wanted it so strongly that he could not conceal it entirely, at least not from her. She stood in contemplation for a short time and realized that at some point she had resigned to believing him, no matter how nonsensical it sounded, because now she was contemplating whether or not she would go. She disregarded her 'parents' because she knew that the Old Man would likely have a solution for that as well. In the end she realized not what her decision was, but what it had to be. She looked back to the Old Man and found him looking at her intently again; when their gazes locked she saw the corner of his mouth turn up with a knowing smile. "Well that settles it then. You'll find a list of supplies in with your letter, and a list of extra classes of which you will need to pick two. The train leaves from platform 9 ¾ at King's Cross Station at exactly 11 o'clock on September the first, you'll find your ticket in with your letter as well. Now let's see, anything else.. Anything else… Ah, yes, of course. You'll need to go visit Diagon Alley to purchase your supplies, would you like someone to escort you there? Or would you rather find your way back on your own?" Her brow furrowed in question, "back?" she asked. "Well, I suppose you didn't make it all the way there last time, but you did manage to find the Leaky Cauldron quite easily, if you remember." Kaelix did remember the Leaky Cauldron, quite well. She had stumbled across it when she'd been on holiday with her parents in London last month. Though it was more like bring your daughter to work to show all your colleagues what amazing parents you are , rather than a holiday. No one else on the street that day seemed to have seen it. Apart from the one man that she had followed right through the front door. "You will find the entrance to Diagon Alley in the back of the Leaky Cauldron. Just ask Tom, the bartender, he will be more than happy to show you the way." He stood rather abruptly, shaking Kaelix from her thoughts about buying supplies for a magical school down a seemingly random alley located behind a selectively visible pub in the middle of London. "Now I'm afraid I must be off but before I go, take this." He withdrew a small pouch from his robes and held it out to her. He dropped it into her outstretched hand with a small clink. "I believe that will be sufficient for everything you need. If you have any problems with anything, the owls know how to find me. Enjoy the rest of your summer, and remember, the train leaves at exactly 11 o'clock." He gave her one last warm smile that still seemed to be masking something, before striding across the room and disappearing down the hallway. Kaelix hesitated for a moment before rushing over to the door herself, wondering if he would truly just walk out the front door. But when she peered down the hallway he was already gone. "Miss Williams, sorry I'm a bit late." Kaelix heard Dr. Hadley say from behind her. She turned around to see that the clock read 3:05pm, being approximately 7 minutes faster than the clock in the reception area it was the same time it had been when she'd found the Old Man in the office. On top of that, everything in the room was just as it had been before; the jungle had disappeared and the small potted plant was back to its original pathetic size. "How on Earth…?" She whispered to herself. "So," the doctor began, indicating she should take her usual seat on the sofa. "Did anything of interest happen this week?"