gibberish," Vector complained. "I happen to be married to a Muggle," Babbling retorted, holding up a hand sporting what could only be described as a very Muggle ring. "Married to a Muggle, in Merlin's name, since when?" "Septima, we had the ceremony by the lake," McGonagall muttered, attempting to help the stern witch save face. "So did you say your were a Muggle when you met or… Well I suppose you must have... " Vector trailed off. "Well I suppose I must have," Babbling said, smiling a little as she chose to take the woman's curiosity as a good sign. "See? You managed! Why do we need to waste time learning about Muggle rubbish when we have magic! We're never going to need to rely on plasma or locomotives to survive. They have their things, and we have ours. It's part of the reason we keep our world separate. It's what's best for all involved. We must keep our children protected. There are so many Muggles, and just twenty years ago they blew up half of London with their ruddy explosives. We don't want to be getting mixed up with all that," Slughorn said, his off-colour comment evidence to his inability to read a room. He filled the space around the table of tea and biscuits with his peppermint breath. "We could have a class on the dangers of engaging with Muggle technology! Or even just a special bulletin," Vector suggested, and Bathsheda's face fell. McGonagall sighed, with the staff in disarray there would be no stopping whatever idea was twinkling behind Albus's eye. "What are you thinking?" McGonagall asked and Dumbledore began to braid his beard. "Muggle studies," he replied. "They'll never go for it," she said. Knowing full well she was about to watch the wizards convince his staff it was all their idea to begin with. Gryffindor Tower, 18th of November 1976. "Oh thank Merlin," Remus sighed, reading a special bulletin in the common room and slumping into a beanbag chair Frank Longbottom had summoned. "What is it, Remus? Did you find those chocolates you'd been missing?" Peter asked. "What? Oh no, don't remind me of those. You'll only upset me. Look! The Board eventually caved, and there's going to be a new module introduced for Muggle studies." "It's what they say about Dumbledore, isn't it?" James said, with a box of Wizard chess tucked under his arm. "Give the man an inch and he'll take a mile." "Why are you so excited, Moony. Looking forward to the easy A?" Peter asked. "Sure, now that you mention it, but I'm also looking forward to getting you thieves off my back. You've been obsessive." "What do you expect to happen when you try and keep something like elastic bands to yourself?" James asked, rolling his eyes. "I expect to be able to return to my dormitory without finding anything small enough to have an elastic band wrapped around it bound to something of similar shape and size," Remus replied, rubbing his temples but smiling. "You're always complaining that we're not organised enough, it's not easy to be organised when someone is hogging all the Muggle stationary to themselves. I've been meaning to ask you about the spatler-" "Stapler." "Whatever, what's the counter charm? Or… thing?" James set the game up just as Sirius could be heard beginning his solo on the staircase. He took enough steps for four legs no matter what form he was in. "Stay away from the staplers, James. Didn't you hear Ted Tonks explain how they're toxic to Purebloods?" Remus warned. "You're going to miss being able to perpetuate lies like that when we start our new class," Sirius announced once he'd arrived an paused to read the board with a grin. "My Mother is going to shit a brick." A classroom on the ground floor next to the new generator, 20th of January, 1977. "Alright, welcome to introduction to Muggle Studies. We'll be starting with a little bit about why the faculty felt that this class was needed, then we'll be moving on to outline what we'll be covering for the rest of the course. I grew up around Muggles, so I'll be doing my best to address the core difficulties most people seem to have with understanding-" "Sir, wouldn't it be better for us to learn about Muggles from someone a little less close to the topic at hand? Muggleborns always assume far too much is implied." "Ms. Goyle, I assure you a lot of consideration has gone into the following hour, you won't be left in the dark," the professor said, pulling a glass bulb from his pocket as he said so. "Let's get started." It wasn't long before the complaints began to ring out over the classroom as students were asked to make paper airplanes by hand using Muggle paper. Complex paper creatures flew through the air as wands concealed in pockets were slyly waved. "Right, one more dragon like that, Jordan, and you're going straight to the Headmaster!" "But sir, this is so pointless!" "Give it a rest, Muggles know what they're talking about, trust me!" James interrupted, the letters 'J.P.' printed on his tie in staples and his left wrist obscured by a collection of coloured elastic bands. Somehow Lily forgot to stalwartly ignore the boy for a moment and smiled. Daily Prophet, 10th of September 1977. In a less than surprising twist in the Muggle culture debate, Muggle Studies has been introduced as a fully approved module in the Hogwarts curriculum, with a high sign up rate from students of all backgrounds. The vote was eventually swayed by a surprising bout of support from a group of members leading with a desire to: "Know one's enemy." Although we've promised not to quote them on that. "As the Muggle population grows, we will need to understand their abilities whether we are willing to engage with their culture or not." I struggle to think who could disagree with that!