year is over, so it just makes sense to end it now. Why delay the inevitable? His fists were bunched at his side, the frustration of the whole situation showing. "If we stayed together, I'd just be holding you back." She came up to him and placed her hand on his shoulder, "I think that's for me to decide, not you." What could she do to stop him from leaving? What was going on, why was he trying to end this? "I don't think it's fair to cheat ourselves out of what could be a wonderful relationship. People make long distance work all the time, even muggles can do it and they don't have instant transportation." All of a sudden, a sobering thought hit her mind. "Unless" she said, her voice just above a whisper. "Unless what" She takes a deep breath and backs away from him, raises her head to look right at him and says in as steady of a voice as she can manage "The only reason I can think of for you wanting to end this now is that you don't have any sort of feelings for me, and you don't think a relationship with me is worth it." Curse his luck. He had wanted her to come to that exact conclusion. He thought it would make it easier for him to leave if she were angry, if she no longer wanted to see him. As with many things, Draco was wrong. He could see the pain in her eyes, even as she tried to hide it, Gryffindor courage and all. Should he lie and walk away as he had originally planned? Yes. Would he? He knew that she dealt with self esteem issues, specifically when it came to the opposite sex. She didn't feel desirable to men. She couldn't see her beauty or her appeal. If he let her think he didn't care about her, she would fall back into that same pattern. No, he had to tell her the truth. "For the brightest witch of her age, you sure do get things confused at times." "Bloody woman, I'm trying to do this for you, can't you see that? Of course, I care about you Hermione. I do think a relationship is worth fighting for, but why? I'm not good for you. You could have your pick of wizards and if you're with me, you wouldn't have to opportunity to see if you could find a better fit. Someone who could bring you up instead of down." "Second in our class, really?" She shakes her head at him. "Draco, I don't want anyone but you. Can you not see that?" The look in her eyes was almost pleading. He grabs her to him and pulls her close, arms grasping her tight against his body. The kiss that follows was full of every emotion he couldn't put into words. His hands run up her back and into her hair deepening the kiss. She shivers as tongue seeks hers. He pulls away, but only to place kisses across her neck and nibbles the area below where her ear was attached. The need to feel skin takes them both. She grabbed his shirt at the hem and lifts it over his head. She needs to touch him. Her hands run over his body as he reaches for her blouse. Her hands temporarily removed from his chest as he pulls it over her head leaving her in only her bra. They had shagged in the past, but this was something different. They savored, they tasted, they enjoyed each other. When they finally joined, there was no wildly burning fire that couldn't be doused, there was no animal like mating. What they did could only be called making love. Though it was slow, it was no less passionate. When they jumped off the cliff of ecstasy, they did so together. The next morning, found the couple in each other's arms as the sun was rising. "Hermione, love it's time to get up." He gently nudged her shoulder. "It's morning." She groaned in dissatisfaction at being woken. One chocolate eye opened slightly to look at the man in front of her. "Don't go…bed's too cold without you" she grumbled. He chuckled lightly at the sight of the disgruntled witch next to him in bed. "I've got no choice. Lucius and Narcissa are expecting me." There was a distinct sense of aggravation in his tone as he spoke his parents' names. Something that, had she been more alert she's have noticed immediately. As it was, she simply rolled over as soon as he had left the mattress and tucked the blankets around her like a cocoon. "I'll see you soon, love." He told her as he leaned down to give her a kiss. This time there was no passionate fire, no unlocking of an emotional floodgate. This was quick, like a habit; a simple lip to lip kiss like it was something they would do every day of their lives. He smiled softly at her as he walked out the door. Once the door had closed behind him, he leant up against it for a moment. "I hope" he sighed softly as he turned to walk away. They hadn't spoken since. Hermione woke with a start. Images of the last time Draco Malfoy walked out of her life fresh in her mind for the first time in nearly 10 years. "Draco" Her breathy voice whispered his name with a sad smile. Meanwhile in Malfoy Manor… Draco Malfoy, laying in his giant bed next to his wife, was mumbling a name in his sleep…" Hermione, Hermione, Hermione…I'm sorry" A/N: So, that's the first chapter! What do you think so far? Also, would you like me to go back a little way to see how the Draminoe of it all began, go into detail about what happened after the door closed, or jump right into the present day? Let me know 😊 Ravenpuff Professor