in the country, but it's inside my heart." "What?!" Sirius tried to drop the knife, but the man's scarred hands were clamped around his, holding him in place. "Last time the Minister ordered to have us all killed, he just had to tell the Auror office to break the vial, but you won't be so lucky. If you want to kill all of the Werewolves Minister, you'll have to kill at least one all by yourself. Do you think you can do that?" Remus asked, pressing himself a little closer to the blade. It was sharp enough that the smallest dot of blood formed around its tip on the white shirt. "No," Sirius whispered, realising that he had the wolf's saliva on him, that he was inches from his fresh blood. He was sure it couldn't be transferred that way, nearly sure. "Good," Remus told him, leaning back. "But they want me to stay with you, and you have to keep the knife. It knows you now. Knows it has to be you." "Why did you do this? Was there no better way? Couldn't you just destroy it all?" "The blood magic works a lot better when the poisons maker made you as well. Easier to just enchant a drop and deactivate the rest. At least now I'm sure." "Then why did you come here?" Remus shook his head, rolled his eyes, and reached behind him for another cake. "Don't you know a prisoner when you see one?" He asked. Along with a number of other members of his inner circle, Remus was always there. Waiting for the moment the Aurors concerns about the rising Werewolf population reached critical point. Every full moon it got closer. "Minister, you can't carry on like this, you need to be prepared for what is growing more inevitable every day." "No one has even asked me if I'm prepared to go through with it, maybe I don't give a damn what your projections say. Maybe a national outbreak is what this country needs. Surely once was enough. It clearly didn't work the first time. Not to solve your supposed problem, or to teach anyone in this institution any damn accountability." "Merlin, you are sleeping with it." "Tell your assistant she's been promoted, and clear out your desk." "Are you attempting to tell me something, Remus?" Sirius asked, as Remus dropped a tray of croissants onto the bed between them and took a sip of tea from a cup with the Ministry insignia on the side. "What gave it away?" Remus asked, leaning against the bedpost in Sirius's dressing gown. They were on a foreign visit, and Remus kept losing his sense of direction on the way to his room in the embassy. Sirius hated how much power the other man had over him. The Werewolf seemed to believe his days were numbered, and it made him utterly reckless. "Are you wearing my pajamas as well?" Sirius asked. "That would sort of defeat the point." Remus drank the last of the tea and dropped the cup on the carpeted floor where it landed with a soft thud. It was the night before the full moon and Sirius was more nervous than Remus. "You think this is going to be it, don't you? You think they'll give the order after the next count?" Remus's hand was warm on his stomach, rubbing soothing circles. "I can't do this," Sirius whispered, tears slipped from his eyes into his hairline. Remus kissed them. "They can't make you." His hand slipped lower with each pass. "I shouldn't be the one crying, I'm sorry." "Why would I be crying, you're not going to carve my heart out, are you?" Sirius laughed a little nervously, and turned to face the caustic, perfect man. "No." "Minister it's time." "I'm not interested, send in my ten o'clock." "Minister, if it's not done this way then it will have to be done by force." Remus was sat in the window sill reading, pretending not to listen. "I didn't give the approval on that, you can go now Crouch." "The Wizengamot has made their point, sir. The vote is final. It's either this or they'll reinstate the Forgivable Order in the next hour." Remus had begged him to do it then. Sirius had never thought it would be like that, that it would come to that. Remus pulled the knife close to him like he had that first day. "They'll Crucio those children Sirius, let them go sleeping. Please." Remus kissed him, their tears mixing. He pushed himself closer to the knife. "Please." His words were muffled against Sirius's lips. "I can't. You promised they couldn't make me." Sirius could feel the hot blood already starting to spill onto his hands. "It was bloody pillow talk, don't be so naive." Hermione had stopped taking notes a long time ago. Hearing it from Sirius's side, it was a very different story. The events were the same, but Remus hadn't made her heart bleed like this. "That's enough," she said. "You've told me enough, I know the rest." She put the ring on the table. "I wasn't going to do it," he told her. He looked like he was falling apart, his eyes were red from his trembling fingers swiping away tears. His wet eyelashes were an even inkier black, making his pale eyes nearly glow as he pleaded with her to understand. "We were supposed to be together, but in the end I barely got him out of there in time. " He reached forward and pulled the envelope toward him and tore it clumsily. The ring clattered onto to desk and he picked it up with ardour. "I can't believe you spoke to him." He frowned looking at the ring more closely. "This isn't mine, I gave him this. He should have it." "Oh, yes." Hermione said, pulling a sheet from her notebook which contained a hastily written address. "He said he'd be wanting it back."