What's done is done, right?" Sanguini blinked once more, surprised by the maturity of Harry's response. The boy's response was what he would've expected an experienced auror to say to him, not a sixteen year-old who he bit only hours before. "Mr. Potter, I appreciate the sentiment, but-" at that moment the door to the hospital wing opened, and Sanguini fell silent. Dumbledore strode in, looking at Harry with a small amount of worry. "Excuse the interruption, Mr. Sanguini," said Dumbledore, "but I'd like to have a word with Mr. Potter myself, if you wouldn't mind. I didn't hear any shouting, so I presume that things have been going well." his eyes twinkled. "My hearing may be going, of course…" Sanguini looked to Dumbledore, and then to Harry. He took a breath and held out a near-skeletal hand to Harry. "I apologize, Harry," said Sanguini, putting as much sincerity into his voice as he could manage. "I ask for forgiveness." Harry immediately grasped Sanguini's hand after he finished speaking. "Well, it was an accident, wasn't it? I can't really be mad, can I?" Dumbledore's eyes twinkled, and a smile graced his wizened features. Sanguini, who was still surprised by Harry's behavior, pumped the boy's arm twice, feeling awkward. "Erm - right. Then I suppose I will be going now. Thank you for all of your hospitality Headmaster." Dumbledore continued to smile. "Any time, Mr. Sanguini." and with that, Sanguini rose from his seat by Harry's cot and left the hospital wing, only letting himself breathe again when he the doors closed behind him. "Well, Harry, I daresay you had any eventful night." said Dumbledore, who had taken up Sanguini's seat. Harry nodded, laughing in a hoarse voice. "I s'pose…" he said, looking at the bedsheets. "Sir?" Dumbledore nodded. "Why did he seem so nervous? I mean him…" Harry paused for a moment, "him biting me was an accident, right?" Dumbledore nodded again. "Yes. It was. But I'd hazard to guess that Mr. Sanguini either hadn't ever bitten another person before, or had had it happen only rarely, with adults, and expected a far more… dramatic reaction from you." Harry opened his mouth, but Dumbledore held up a hand. "Vampires are not generally held in high esteem by most wizards, even though most I've met - including Mr. Sanguini - say the life is often challenging. I believe he expected you to shout at him, Harry. I daresay that he will look back on this with relief, if he isn't already." Harry nodded, and opened his mouth. "Yeah, I guess…" he fell silent for another moment, "So what'll… you know… happen to me?" there was a note of nervousness in his voice, and Dumbledore's smile faded. "Yes, that. What will happen to you is in fact why I cut your conversation with Mr. Sanguini short. You see, Harry, when a vampire bites but doesn't drain you of your blood, you become infected. The infection, at first, simply paralyzes you, and then you go comatose as the infection spreads." Dumbledore saw Harry process this. "Normally you would have been turned into a vampire by now, but Professor Snape was able to contain the infection on the points where you were bitten," Harry's left fingers drifted, unbidden, to his puncture wounds. "For now. He told me that he suspects for the infection to get past his containment spell within a week, which gives me the time to explain to you the changes to expect." Harry nodded, feeling strangely numb. "When the infection is complete you will transform into a vampire. It will be painful, I'm sorry to say, but when it is over, nothing more will happen to you. Now-" Dumbledore fell silent as a silvery doe galloped into the hospital wing and stopped before the headmaster. It spoke in Snape's silky voice. " Scrimgeour has arrived. You are needed in your office, Headmaster." it said before dissolving silently into the air. Harry stared at the spot where the doe had been, utterly confounded. Dumbledore sighed. "Alas, the minister awaits. I apologize that I am unable to continue this explanation, Harry. I will have a list of symptoms delivered to you tomorrow, at any rate. Assuming, of course Ms. Granger doesn't beat me to it." Dumbledore got up from his chair and was at the doors to the Hospital Wing when he turned to Harry. "And if it's any comfort, Harry, Mr. Sanguini said your blood tasted absolutely horrid." Harry chuckled in a numb way, and leaned back, his eyes focusing on the ceiling. It had indeed been an eventful night for him, and the knowledge that he was going to in a week's time be a vampire was heavy on his mind. He truly believed Sanguini that it was an accident, but that didn't mean that it would be any easier for him to accept it. After several more minutes of toiling with himself and wondering exactly what drove the world to do these things to him, he heard the door to Madam Pomfrey's office creak open. He saw the outline of a goblet in her hand and hoped it was something to put him to sleep, because he doubted he would get any otherwise. Madam Pomfrey speedily got to his bed, and he heard her sigh heavily on the way. "Go on, drink up," she said in a stern tone. Harry took the goblet from her hands and drank it, immediately feeling drowsy. His eyelids felt heavy. He let out a large yawn and closed his eyes, laying down on his cot fully once more, asleep as soon as his head touched the pillow. Welp. That happened. Honestly, the idea struck me one day while re-reading THBP and the party scene with Sanguini. The thought of Harry becoming a vampire just… stuck and I couldn't help myself. I hope I got Harry's reaction down right. Any sort of response to this would make my day. 'Till next time - Raging Celiac