to raise another child. He would go on and on about the attention that it would take away from Dudley, and how he worried for his son's welfare. She would, in fact, receive many of the same arguments that he had given her when she asked him for another child. The man had his "interests" and he liked his life just so. He was very particular. ' Well, no one will take my nephew from me, not even my husband.' She had thought tersely as she lifted the child from the bassinet. Whatever else the sisters had been, whatever they had gone through and wherever things had been left; this child was not a part of that. He was nearly three years Dudley's junior so they wouldn't be competing for social status, something her husband was sure to bring up. They would attend primary together, though in different years. That might prove a sticking point for Vernon. It's easy, even for a stupid man, to look important if everyone around him were docile enough. Vernon was many things, but stupid wasn't one of them, at least not where his ambition held sway. No, perhaps she had better home-school Harry. ' It will keep conflicts from arising, and will endear us to the community,' which was necessary for Vernon's "plan". It would also appease Vernon's vanity if she started a tutoring business on the side. 'And if I hold at least one session a month at the local parish that will just augment Vernon's satisfaction. He had a "good wife", the very best. He would enjoy all the benefits of raising an orphan without actually impinging on his life. He might even get a raise.' While she had been planning (coming up with counter arguments, reserve approaches, and auxiliary strategies), she began feeding him the bottle she had previously prepared. He didn't seem to mind that the bottle had cooled during Petunia's breakdown as he sleepily suckled. She looked him over and gently felt out his arms and legs ensuring everything was as it was supposed to be. He had four fingers on each hand, two thumbs, and all his toes. The only issue she noticed was a vicious looking abrasion that started just above his left eye and ran diagonally up and over the hairline above his right temple. All the hair around the wound had fallen out. No more than a few centimeters but all the more noticeable on a child's face. It was red and inflamed and shaped like a lightning bolt (or the sowilo rune, though she'd never tell her husband that.) 'I'll have to keep an eye on it,' she thought as she added scar cream and antibiotic ointment to her mental list of things she needed make sure she had. She glanced at the time and saw that it would soon be time to prepare breakfast. Vernon preferred his breakfast plated and ready for his consumption. His suit and shirt for the day were already hanging in the bath room and his cuff-links were in the dish by the front door, with his keys. Glancing down at the baby in her arms she knew that the coming months would be hard. Even if the child didn't see the supposed attack that killed his parents, he was obviously affected by it. Situations like that rarely left only physical scars. With a moue of distaste, Petunia went to the toilet near the kitchen and dug through the medicine cupboard to find melatonin. She hated putting him back to sleep, indeed she wanted nothing more than to cuddle him close and recover from her emotional overload, but she needed him to sleep. Without disturbing the child over much she replaced the bottle with a dummy. He fussed but it didn't turn out into a full statement of disapproval. Grabbing the mortar and pestle she ground down the pill to a powder, opened the bottle and put in a bit less than a third of what was left of the sleeping aide. Then after warming the bottle she gave it back to Harry (who seemed to appreciate the warmer milk). When he had finished she threw a towel over her shoulder and made certain that he didn't have any trapped gas in his tummy. The bottle was replaced with the dummy once again (with much less fuss from the baby). She re-swaddled him and placed him back in his bassinet. She tucked him in securely and ensured his face was covered. He was asleep well before she placed him quietly in the cupboard under the stairs. For her plans to work, there were things that she needed to get done today that her husband couldn't know about. Not to mention the conniption Vernon would have if he had to start his day with such a surprise. Since her husband had come from a family with no magic and having no magic himself, she would need to tread carefully. If he found out, there could be hefty consequences (from wizards and Vernon both). She didn't need her husband or the magic government making a mess of things. If the letter were at all to be trusted then the less she had to deal with the magical government the better. Closing the closet door quietly (making another mental note to get batteries for the baby monitor), Petunia, stood and turned toward the kitchen. She straightened her robe, tightened her sash and grabbed a broom to quickly sweep away the dirt she'd trudged in. A moist kitchen towel erased any evidence that her feet contained. She couldn't give Vernon any reason to think that day, would be different from any other day. 'Those people were in some kind of war huh?' she thought as she went quickly about making breakfast. 'They look down on me for being magic-less?' There was a saying she had heard before, that while entertaining, she never truly understood until this moment: Bring it on. forum/Crystalline-series-Heart-Shards/205006/ forum link