taught them new warding to go around camp and had been vital to protecting them. The boys, Richard, Samuel, Horus and Bartholomew, all turned toward him as he walked back to the group, eager for information. Two fallen logs were their chairs, with Richard and Samuel sharing one and Horus, Bartholomew and himself having the other. He flopped down into the spot he had vacated before leaning forward, eager to share the news. "Alpha found a stray, wants me to mentor him. He says that he has a lot of potential to be a wolf, but that I have to be super gentle," he said the word with distaste, humans were so fragile in comparison to wolves, "no roughing him up." Samuel, a boy with a mean streak, gave a soft snort, "We can mess with him though," he gave a cruel smile, "play tag with him." Fenrir gave him a stern glare in return, "I plan on obeying my Alpha, unless you would like to face his wrath." Tag for wolves was chasing each other down with one wolf delegated prey. They had to run until they literally couldn't run anymore, the whole point of the game was building endurance but often times, the smaller, weaker wolves were mocked and bitten at by the meaner ones. Samuel averted his eyes, not willing to say anything else lest he get into trouble. Bartholomew slapped a hand on Fenrir's back, "Hey, at least you will get to something other than chores." Richard groaned, "why did you have to remind us? Horus and I are on cleanup duty tonight after everyone finishes eating." Horus, ever the drama queen, threw himself onto Bartholomew, bemoaning his fate. "You couldn't just let me live another twenty minutes in peaceful ignorance, could you?" Horus rested his hand dramatically on his forehead before Bartholomew pushed him off of his lap, sending the other to the ground. "How could you!" he faked gasped in outrage, sending the others minus Samuel who was still sulking, into loud laughs. Fenrir stood back up, stretching his arms above his head before nodding towards the medicine tent. "If you need me, I'll be with Elder Serena." Waving his goodbyes, he walked the long way around the carcasses from dinner, not wanting to deal with a hungry wolf snapping at him if he came too close while they picked out what they wanted to it. It thankfully only took him a minute to walk around different living tents to reach the medicine tent, stationed exactly in the middle of the pack. Upon entering, his nose immediately crinkled in disgust, the smell of poison was overpowering, he could almost feel the nose hairs curling up and dying. "Elder," he greeted her, not able to hide the way his nose reacted to the smell. She tutted at him, grinding some herbs together in a small wooden bowl as she sat on a pelt near a young boy. Fenrir crept closer, curious on who the boy was, while strays happened, it was rare and usually they were already wolves, not humans. He knelt down next to the Elder, taking note of how skinny he was, how his ribs stuck out even with a pelt on him. He frowned, "Elder, why is he so skinny?" Serena turned her head slightly to look at him, pursing her lips in thought before deciding how to phrase it. "Do you remember the Galloway Pack?" At his blank expression, she huffed, "The pack with the alpha who wouldn't feed his people? Do you remember how skinny they were when we passed by while migrating? Their bones stuck out because of lack of food. Their alpha, their protector abused his right as leader and allowed everyone else to go hungry while his favorites and himself gorged themselves on food. Thankfully for the poor souls, someone managed to defeat him in battle and became the new Alpha." She paused, taking a moment in reconciliation before continuing, "The boy here, I'm guessing, wasn't fed or taken care of by his guardian. I would hazard a guess that the different meat brought," she jerked her head over by where the carcasses of deer and human remained, though not for much longer, "happened to be that guardian." Fenrir's upper lip rose in disgust, glad that the Greyback wolves, a pack of actual wolves that had long since followed the Greyback werewolf pack, would be happily feasting on the human carcass. "Well at least we don't have to worry about taking care of him later on." The werewolf leaned forward, taking note of the boy's tan skin, the dark, fluffy and disorganized hair, and the softness of his face. Other than his cheekbones being refined, he had no masculine features to his face, probably hadn't even hit puberty yet he looked young. "When is he supposed to wake up?" he asked, reached out to not-so-gently poke at his arm, as if that would wake him. He'll wake up when he is ready, of that I have no doubt." Serena gave a stern nod, before sending him a knowing look, "And don't even think about waking him up before he is ready." The young man grinned sheepishly before pulling his arm back, looking properly chastised. "I guess now we play the waiting game?" He asked while watching her begin to lather a strong smelling concoction onto the pulsing, infection stab wound on the mystery boy's forearm. He certainly hoped for the boy's sake that he stayed unconscious until the medicine dried otherwise he was going to wake up from the awful smell alone. (Line Break, won't me do one, Line Break) The End of the First Chapter! So my beautiful people, what do you think? I would love constructive criticism or even just letters of love (those always make me feel good, haha). I'm eagerly awaiting to hear your thoughts! On that note, I'm going to bed. I'll start getting the second chapter prepared tomorrow, though no promises.