though I just popped into a five year old's body. It's more like the part that makes me 'me' as I remember myself has been dormant for five years while the brain develops enough connections to process the information. I sound certifiably insane right now. I wish I could just shut my brain up now, maybe go back to sleep, and then wake up tomorrow complaining about middle-school again. I pushed the thoughts about what happened to me and what was going on to the back of my mind after deciding on a course of action. I would just wait and observe while attempting to enjoy whatever is going on. If I am dreaming, at least I'll have not spent my whole dream arguing with myself about whether or not I'm dreaming. If this is my new life, then I should start living it. I also just wanted this stupid, ridiculous, painful headache to go away. I spent the rest of the day with Remus, who I found out was my twin brother. I should have realized it when I looked into the mirror and then saw him; of course we are twins, we are the same age and look very similar except our eyes. We aren't identical twins though, we are fraternal. Remus apparently takes after our father as far as stature and bone structure and our mother for his eyes and hair. I have my mother's hair, my mother's stature and bone structure, and my father's eyes. Remus was surprisingly easy to get along with - which surprised me because I honestly don't really like kids. They are gross, hyper, and have way too short of an attention span. Remus was thoughtful, quiet, and actually very good at paying attention. We were even able to play chess, something I don't think I could have done in my previous life at five, so I was very impressed with Remus. It didn't stop me from destroying him at the game however. I think Remus could tell something had changed because I kept seeing him give me these strangely penetrating looks, as though I was a puzzle he was attempting to solve. It honestly unnerved me slightly but whenever that happened I grinned to distract him before doing something I think a five year old would do. Mum mostly just did housework all day; cleaning the house, doing laundry, sewing, cooking lunch, playing with us for a little bit, then cleaning more before finally getting dinner ready so it was on the table for Dad when he got home. 'Dad' was in a terrible mood when he got home. Remus and I watched with wide eyes as he angrily hung up his coat and all but stormed into the kitchen to talk to our Mum. He did send us a tight smile followed by a quiet greeting, but we could both tell he was focused on something else. My interest was piqued. I put a finger to my lips, silently communicating with Remus to be silent, before edging my way towards the kitchen to hear the conversation between our parents. "-are just complete bloody idiots!" Dad shout-whispered, obviously trying not to disturb Remus and I. "When I said they should lock him up for twenty-four hours, they laughed! Laughed!" "Oh, Lyall." I heard Mum reply sympathetically, her shadow jerking its head back and forth as though she was shaking her head as she listened to my father rant about his day at work. "He murdered two children! I know he is one of them, I can tell. He convinced them he was some poor muggle but as soon as I called him What he was, you should have seen his face." Lyall ranted, pacing a few steps before turning around as he continued to tell his story. "I called him a soulless, evil creature that deserved to die - I can't believe they didn't see the malice and hate in his eyes. Its unbelievable they just released him back on the streets with the full moon tomorrow." "That's terrible!" Mum said, concern and a bit of fear in her voice. "What are you going to do?" "There's nothing I can do! We just have to wait. Creatures like that, they can't help themselves. He'll murder again. I'm sure of it." Dad said, moving forward towards where Mum's voice had been. I heard him murmur something soothingly under his breath and quickly backed away from the door, not wanting to get caught eavesdropping. I wouldn't realize how important that conversation was for another day. I also wouldn't realize why, once again, I had the strangest feeling that I should be remembering something. It was honestly bothering me; like when you were about to ask a question but forgot what it was. If only I would have connected the dots sooner, maybe I could have done something. Who knows what that would have changed? A/N: Okay, so this is chapter one of Limerence. I am quite proud of this background and preparation on this story - I already have four chapters written, I'm trying to write as many as I can so I can post them once a week. Remus' nickname for Zephyrus (Zeh-fur-es) is pronounced as follows: 'Phy (Fee) ** I know that the full name is pronounced Zeh - fur- es but Remus calls him 'Phy (Fee). So deal with it. I would love to hear (read) any thoughts/feelings/concerns/questions that you might have! So please write a quick review, send a quick message, anything to let me know whether you want more or just want the story to stop. Looking forward to hearing from you all, ~Rache (Also, I know this will be a Slash/Yaoi/BoyxBoy story but I'm not sure on the pairing yet. So, I thought we could vote! Below are the options I will give you, then let me know which you'd like to see.) Sirius Black - Regulus Black - James Potter - Original Character - Other -