have gotten in Slytherin. "Let me change first." she smiled, picking up her robes. "Right, we'll wait for you downstairs – I love your accent!" she added as they went out the door, making her smile and shake her head. Hermione quickly changed, eager to check on Harry. She sped down the stairs, patting her hair down and she followed the chatty girls to the great hall. Never did she ever think she'd miss Harry and Ron's quidditch talk. They arrived in the great hall and she instantly started scanning the Slytherin table, her eyes immediately falling on Tom Riddle. As if he sensed it, his eyes shot up, looking directly at her. His face remained completely expressionless, his dark eyes boring into her. She gave him a startled expression – noting that he was sitting completely alone – and looked away, turning red. It wasn't because he was handsome, but more of the fact that he would think she was staring at him because she fancied him or something. The thought made her sick. Her eyes continued to scan the table, finally falling on Harry. She smiled in relief, seeing him sitting with a somewhat burly boy and talking lightly. He looked somewhat uncomfortable, but not as completely as he had before. Her eyes scanned the hall, falling on Ron at the Gryffindor table. Her jaw dropped, before snapping shut. He was surrounded by girls. They were all looking at him with an interested expression, hanging onto his every word. It looked like Dumbledore had done him a favor. She shook her head, sitting next to the two girls, facing the Slytherin table. She dug into the food and started loading her plate as students around them gave her curious glances and kept staring at her oddly. "You know, I take what I said earlier back." Wiley whispered. "What's that?" Hermione asked disinterestedly, spooning some potatoes in her mouth. "About not having a chance with Riddle." Hermione instantly started choking, coughing and punching her chest, making the potatoes go down as her eyes watered. "I told you, I don't want him-" "He's staring at you." Wiley whispered excitedly. Merlin, don't even look. But she couldn't help it when her eyes snapped over to the Slytherin table, seeing Tom Riddle sitting at the end, alone – and he was indeed staring at her expressionlessly. She pursed her lips, making herself look away. She was just something new to look at. Probably not the same reason a few other boys were looking at her – but still, it didn't mean anything. "So?" she commented dryly, shifting in her seat as she drank from her goblet. "I'm new – that's all." "No, he never does that." Wiley whispered, shaking her head. "we had a transfer from France last year and my God, she was gorgeous – not that you're ugly!" she said quickly, making Hermione roll her eyes. "-but yeah, she might as well have been a part of the wall. She even tried to get with him, he rejected her." "Fascinating," she commented bitterly, glancing up to see his dark eyes still on her, making her frown and look back down. "as I said before, I have zero interest-" "Oh, come on," Wiley cut in. "he's still looking at you. You should-" "He's not my type." she interjected quickly. "How can tall, dark and handsome not be your type?" Wiley frowned, looking at her disapprovingly. "he's so gorgeous... kind and helpful. Of course, there's rumors of him not being very nice-" "You don't say." Hermione wanted to snort. Of course there was. He was the closest thing a human could be to being the devil himself. "Yeah, but its codswallop in my opinion," she said, waving her hand off. "nothing you need to concern yourself with. People are just jealous of Riddle because he's so brilliant and handsome." "Right." Hermione muttered, rolling her eyes dramatically when the girl wasn't looking, forgetting momentarily that Riddle was still looking at her. She took a glance, her heart jumping when he was still staring. Why the hell was he looking at her like that? A terrifying thought ran through her mind: could he hear them? Surely not—no, that was stupid. He wasn't some kind of super human, despite what he may believe. She looked away with a worried expression, cutting her food up slowly and forcing herself not to look back over at the Slytherin table. Even though she felt his powerful gaze linger for a while. As they were walking back to their dorms, she heard Ron call out to her. "Hey, Hermione!" She paused, watching the Ravenclaw girls go red as Ron ran up to them. "How do you like your house?" he asked in a thick, southern accent that made Hermione smirk. "It's great," she said quickly. "this is Jennifer Wiley, head girl. And this is Beatrice Hudson, my dorm mate." Ron nodded to them both. "Pleased to meet you ladies." Hermione wanted to slap him upside his head. It seemed he embraced the accent completely—even egging it on! The girls muttered their hello's and Hermione couldn't help but to find it humorous how their personalities changed in the presence of boys. Her eyes snapped towards the door, seeing Tom Riddle emerge. He didn't look at her this time, but walked right by as though she didn't even exist. He left girls giggling after him and whispering to each other. He seemed not to notice as he walked quickly and regally. Ron doesn't even know... Hermione thought. Her and Harry needed to tell him as soon as possible. At the moment, Ron was the lucky one. "Well, I'm gonna try to catch Harry," Ron smiled. "I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?" "Yeah sure." Hermione smirked, shaking her head as she started walking with the chatty girls again. When she'd finally made it to the dorm and crawled into the bed, she was sure she'd never been more exhausted in her entire life.