always tinged with a sort of pity. "Well, you could've fooled me." And Sirius knew that on this occasion it was his own fault that the chance had ebbed away. "Why are you sitting like that?" Sirius asked him, hardly looking over to where Remus was seated across the kitchen in Grimmauld place. Sirius stood in profile, leaning against the counter and scratching a quill over the crossword. The heavily tattooed skin of his hand was so pale where it clutched the Prophet that it nearly camouflaged into the newsprint; a mark of his months of isolation. "Like what?" Remus replied, stirring his tea absently, the clink of his spoon against the edge of the mug filled the room between them. They had just returned from King's Cross, and Remus was worried that this breath of fresh air may be the beginning of a fixation for Sirius. "Oh, I don't know, like you've swallowed a live toad? Is your tea so vile? Or does it just need to be stirred four hundred more times?" Remus's let go of the spoon. Sirius's words of the week before whirled in his mind: what could've been … too late now. "I didn't realise there was a way a Wizard sits when he eats a toad," he replied, blithely. "Maybe it's a way a certain wizard sits when he has something on the tip of his tongue that needs spitting out," Sirius said, punctuating his statement with a particularly vicious strike of his quill over the paper. Remus picked up the tea, and took a sip. "Are there biscuits?" Sirius turned and practically pulled the press door off its hinges to look inside. He pulled a biscuit tin from the cupboard and slammed it shut. He pried the lid off the biscuit tin and glared inside. "They're all bloody jam." "Pass them over." Sirius cut through the space between them in two sharp strides. Remus pulled the tin from Sirius's hand possessively. "You're exhausting," Sirius told him after a beat, watching him jostle the container to see if there was a chocolate digestive hidden at the bottom. "You ate them all." "Excuse me? I'm just trying to drink a cup of tea. You're the one who's trying to turn a crossword into a three-act Greek tragedy! You're as bad as Dora." Remus placed the tin on the dining table, perhaps with a modicum of unnecessary force. Sirius reeled, stepping back as if he'd been struck. "Honestly, I pity her," Sirius said then, his poorly shaven chin tipped down. "I remember when I thought we were going somewhere. When I believed that we were just taking our time. Before I was this wreck, this ghost. All used up." Remus wanted to laugh at Sirius's analogy, at the insinuation that the years had been somehow cruel to his handsome visage which regained vitality with every one of Remus's torturous visits. "You think I'm so unaffected? That what I felt for you is anything like my feelings for her?" Remus asked, and Godric help him, he stood. "What you felt for me," Sirius scoffed, running a hand through his stupid, perfect hair. "Exasperation? No, I think you're as deeply exasperated with me as ever." "Well, you're not wrong, but Sirius..." The Pureblood looked up, his pale grey eyes as shocking as ice. Shocking as ever, but for once Remus didn't freeze. They weren't children anymore. "I'm so sick of fighting this," Remus would be surprised if Sirius could make out the words. His voice always rasped, so hoarse from countless moons of screaming. Remus stepped closer, and in a move neither could've predicted, Sirius stumbled back. "I'm not like you. I haven't lived like you," Sirius said, but he looked at Remus like he was starved for him. "It all felt so inevitable then," Remus confessed. His voice gained some volume, perhaps even some authority. Sirius was back at the counter now. He placed a hand behind him for purchase and it slid on the paper. "Don't do this," Sirius whispered, and Remus froze, barely a wand length away. "Don't give me anything that I can't keep, Moony." Remus was taken back to the Gryffindor dormitory: to a young boy waiting to lose his friends to the monster they'd found within him. "D'you remember what you said to me the night after we'd submitted our classwork on Werewolves?" Remus asked. Sirius rolled his eyes. "I told you that I wasn't afraid of you." "And what's changed?" "For me? Nothing," Sirius said, and he released a shuddering breath. "Then why are you shaking?" Remus asked, and he stepped closer, pressing the length of his body against Sirius. He felt the pit of his stomach coil like a spring at the contact. Sirius lifted a shaking hand to Remus's jaw and it quickly stilled on his scarred skin. "You. You changed. I used to know what direction you were headed. I used to recognise it." "And what do you see now?" Remus's eyelids already felt heavy, his hands clutched at the back of Sirius's shirt and the clash of their chests pushed the air out between waiting lips. Sirius's brow furrowed, and he cleared his throat. "Oh," he mumbled, low and warm, and Remus caught it in his mouth when he covered Sirius's with his own. Remus knew even before it had started that he should stop, but he was lost to it now, lost to a path Sirius had been dragging him down for years. Inked hands pulled at his hair, and slipped under his shirt. In what seemed like no time at all, a wicked grin had appeared and the years evaporated in its wake. There was nothing between them now, only too many layers of cloth. " Never free of you," Remus told him again. Sirius barked out a laugh in reply as he began to work on the buckle of his belt. "Never free without you," he grumbled against Remus's cheek, and the Werewolf smiled.