of the room, and down to the library, before settling him onto a small couch and summoning tea. Hedwig perched on her wizard's knee as he tried to stem the tears. No words passed between the men, but the professor seemed to come to a reluctant conclusion. He took the seat next to the distressed teen and pulled him into a firm embrace, increasing the pressure when the lad stiffened, unaccustomed to comfort. Hedwig moved to the back of the couch and watched as the dark, stoic man sat holding her wizard, offering silent comfort to the drowning boy. Neither spoke of the incident. Hedwig was not happy to be back on the train but knew her wizard was eager to return to school. Hedwig caught sight of the pink toad a few days into term, swooping down to get a proper look. She immediately sensed the woman was not a good person. She also seemed frightened of birds, shying violently away from Hedwig's shadow. The woman was a dictator. Mail delivery became dangerous as interference became a daily hazard. Hedwig refused to be deterred from delivering letters, sustaining injuries but never depositing her mail into the wrong hands. The Care of Magical Creatures professor helped heal her physical wounds but Hedwig stressed over what her absence might do to her wizard. She understood the sedatives and hated the necessary confinement. Her wizard was hurting. The evil toad-lady tortured him. His friends noticed but his teachers refused to acknowledge the severity of his detentions. Hedwig rarely encountered the dark professor. He seemed determined to make her wizard loathe him more fiercely. She knew his godfather's constant slips and determination to see him as his father, not as his own person, cut deeply. The dark professor hated his godfather but both men refused to see her wizard as his own man. Hedwig watched powerlessly as her wizard suffered nightmares and visions. He worked to help his classmates and save those who mattered to him but the anger simmered under the surface. He was falling to pieces. Hedwig knew the flying ban added even more stress. The end of the year presented its normal disaster, exacerbated this time by the death of his godfather. In that moment, the dark professor stood in the shadows of the infirmary, watching all the badly injured students sleep, mentally cataloguing the necessary potions. Her wizard was not among them; the headmaster still had him, and so she sat with the dark professor waiting. The headmaster entered without the boy in tow, making hi way first to the shadowy corner. He seemed shocked then delighted to see her sitting on the professor. Hedwig offered a withering glare before gently nudging the professor with her head and flying off to find her wizard. She found him on a balcony several floors above the infirmary but nowhere near a tower. Hedwig landed next to him before stepping onto his lap. The anger was absent, the grief emanating off him in waves. She sat in silence as his silent sobs shook them both. She let him know he was not alone. Summer was quiet. Her wizard withdrew into himself, shutting out the world around him. His relatives ignored him but allowed him to keep his school things in his room plus she was allowed to go in and out as she pleased. The old man picked him up, dragging him on what Hedwig assumed was a fool's errand. She met him at the Burrow. He was wallowing in grief yet his friends were still oblivious, caught up in the frivolous pursuits of childhood. In that moment, Hedwig realized her wizard never enjoyed a childhood. He was old for his years when she met him and matured beyond where a sixteen year old should be. Sixth year was a year of minimal mail. Hedwig kept close tabs on her wizard though he never seemed to open up. He talked to her and she watched over him. The werewolf abandoned him, just like he did after third year. His godfather was gone and his friends were fighting. The dark professor was strained. In watchful moments, she sat with him as he overlooked the courtyards, her gentle presence soothing him as it did her own wizard. On an early summer evening, she sat ever watchful with him. The dark professor paced. The Headmaster and her wizard were away, the castle was settling for the night, but both watchers sensed impending doom. The sudden appearance of many dark-robed individuals caught her off guard, sending her to the skies and winging back to the Owlery in fear. She joined the other owls as they watched a battle begin and a lone blast of brilliant green light send a body over the Astronomy Tower. In the chaos, Hedwig finally located her wizard. He was unharmed but terribly distraught. The Headmaster was dead. In that moment, Hedwig knew it was the start of darkness. A sense of normalcy had her and her wizard returning to his relatives. She spent as much time as possible with him. Watching as he sorted his belongings and packed a traveling bag. She listened as he struggled with grief and prepared himself to embark on what sounded like a scatterbrained quest. And still he protected those around him. His relatives headed into protective custody, concealed from a world they detested by people they detested. Hedwig wanted to protect him, to shield her wizard from harm. He gave her a tour of the empty house. She cringed at the sight of the cupboard. His friends and colleagues prepared a plan that went against all his tendencies, refusing to listen to his valid protests. He released her during the air battle, begging her to flee to safety. His eyes brimming with pain, with a desire to protect her as he'd always done. She wouldn't leave him; it was her self-appointed mission to protect her wizard. In a flash of green, she knew no more.