family of her own, and eventually escape the fanaticism of her upbringing without Jean having any part in it. But with all of that in mind, it had only been three days and Hermione had missed their walks desperately. Missed her desperately. She should have more sense than this, she lay in bed and stared at the ceiling, pleading with herself not to let her emotions get the best of her. She wished she hadn't stopped to talk to her, her husky voice whispering into her hair. Pale eyes searching. It was chance the next time they met, and it was with some frost in her tone that Andromeda greeted her. She probably didn't take to being avoided as Hermione had been camping out in the Hufflepuff common room. "Jean," she said, like a dismissal. Hermione, of course, nodded and walked on. For some strange reason she actually believed for a moment that Andromeda wouldn't follow her, but of course, didn't she always? Hermione led her out to the freshly reaped pumpkin patch, eventually stopping in the middle. Breaking their rules for the second time, Hermione stood among the freshly cut stems. Andromeda stood on the other end of Hermione's trodden path. She had stopped at the gate, and was partially concealed by a naked tree. "You're following me." Andromeda stepped out into what was left of the evening light. The wind rustled her hair, and she was smiling like she was keeping a wonderful secret. "You don't go to any classes," she said, instead of responding to the accusation. "Not with you." "Not at all." "Are you going to tell on me?" "Jean." This time, when she said her 'name', it was like a confession. "It's like you don't know me at all." "I don't know you at all." Andromeda bent, and plucked a wilting flower from the base of the tree. She twirled it at the stem between her fingers. "But I know you." She took a step forward. "You're like me, trying to follow the rules, and break them at the same time. Dancing around it. Around this." "This?" The spell was cast. Inevitable, Andromeda was doing it; walking toward her, fussing with her glossy hair. Flirting like her life depended on it. "Us, or is there something else that you're afraid of? I wonder what's stopping you though, it's obvious what's stopping me. Look at me." Hermione did. She had stopped a foot away. Hermione made a show of measuring her up. She reached out, and ran one hand over the edge of Andromeda's cloak, as if to straighten it. Her hand shook. This was madness. "Like we discussed, pretty, white Purebloods have... duties," Hermione said. "Is that why you've been avoiding me? You think I want that?" Andromeda asked, reaching up to hold Hermione's hand on her label. "I know you don't want that, but it doesn't matter what we want. It doesn't change anything." For some reason Hermione didn't pull her hand away. "We?" "I... these are just feelings, alright? There bigger things going on in the world right now than our feelings." Andromeda tapped her nose with the flower. " Our feelings?" She quizzed, raising an eyebrow and grinning wickedly. "Shut your mouth," Hermione warned. "Or what? You'll shut it for me?" Andromeda was very close to her now, she seemed to be transforming into that bull before Hermione's very eyes, all of the doubt of the last few days paling in the face of her tenacity. It shouldn't have been so alluring. "You said yourself you can't like me, we can't—" " Agreed, I think to myself: smart, sexy, mysterious, thinks I'm pretty. Who would give up the chance to be a part of a three hundred year old cycle of inbreeding, and violence, just for that?" Hermione laughed despite herself, and the sensation was so unfamiliar it shocked her. It was almost dizzying. "We should stop," she protested, smiling. Andromeda held Hermione's hand over her heart, and passed her the blue flower. Hermione took it, and admired it's papery petals. "I don't care if there's a big clock over our heads Jean. I just wanted a moment with you." Andromeda leaned a little closer, and despite the utter bravado of the come on, Hermione's breath caught. "That doesn't sound so frightening," Hermione sighed, drinking up the space between them as it disappeared and feeling it cloud her mind like an opiate. "Speak for yourself," Andromeda laughed right against her lips. "I'm terrified." When Andromeda kissed her, she was amazed that it still felt so unexpected. She moved almost like she'd been startled, but when she felt the satin of Andromeda's skin under her fingers she remembered how this kiss was a foregone conclusion. Hermione melted that bit closer, and just let everything go as she clung to her. She should've known she couldn't outrun Andromeda, she should've admitted sooner that she didn't want to. After a moment Andromeda pulled away, it seemed, just to grin at her. Hermione felt the odd desire to hide her blushing face. A small pleased noise found it's way out of her throat, and before she knew it she was giggling for nerves, and relief, and she's kissing me, she's kissing me, she's kissing me. Then Andromeda was kissing her cheeks, and her nose, and her eyelids, and her mouth again, and Hermione couldn't stop laughing. She had her. "Jean!" Andromeda said, and she spoke as if to remind her that there wasn't a frightening thing in the world, and Hermione believed her. She couldn't stop smiling, after so many weeks of wallowing. They laughed, and kissed, until Hermione thought she would burst. The stars began to peek out in the still pale night sky, and Hermione wasn't afraid, not even when the pumpkin patch started spinning. In fact she hardly noticed, until she stood alone in the dead of night. Holding the last blue aster flower of an Autumn which had faded twenty years before.