twenty yards away yet they weren't firing spells yet, and pushed him backwards. "Get them out Malfoy, get them safe. Go!" I turned away from them, feeling my magic coursing through my veins. One by one the Slytherins left, Draco and Pansy were the last ones; they were going to stay. Both of them nodded to the other and moved forward to stand beside me but I knew it would not go well for them, they weren't strong enough. Without the use of my wand I pushed them backwards through the doorway, Pansy and Malfoy shouting for me to stop. I glanced backwards with a brief smile. "Go!" I yelled and then met Ginny head on. I blocked her first attack and then blocked one from Neville, I sent a leg locker to Ginny and caught her just below her knees, she fell to the ground but could still fight so I fired off a stunner and she slid across the ground unconscious. I met Neville next and fired off two stunners one directly after the other, he managed to block them both but he didn't see the third, it hit him fully in the face and he flipped over himself and onto an overturned table, his wand snapped beneath him. I met several more as the minutes wore on. My magic sustained me and eventually I was dodging and blocking and attacking as many as ten at a time. Sweat beaded down my brow and I was occasionally hit with a cutting curse or a bone breaker but nothing too serious, I fought on. I only hoped I was giving them enough time. "Where are we going?" I yelled as I helped Draco down the steps and into the cold night. We rushed across the grounds as fast as we could but had no idea where we were going until we saw a light coming towards us. Behind us, in the castle, we could hear the fighting and I begged merlin that Harry would be okay. "Malfoy, Parkinson, this way!" Demelza shouted as she came upon us. I couldn't believe it. "You betrayed Harry, why should we trust you?" Malfoy asked, grabbing her by her collar. She blanched white but stood her ground. "I have to repay him for his forgiveness, I owe him. Follow me and you will get out of here." I made a decision to trust her. "Draco let her go, Demelza let's go." I was forced back into the corridor, but not before taking a few of the Triumphant down, as the battle wore on and they began to make up ground I was forced to use spells I had never thought I'd use against friends. Instead of stunners I sent out bone crushers and cutting curses, spells they were using only stronger and darker. Dean tried to flank me but I ducked, rolled and fired off a cutting curse aimed for his hand. He yelled and fell to the ground with his hand hanging limply. Seamus shouted in rage, dropping his wand and rushing me. I took my chance and fired directly at his chest with a bone crusher. He stared blankly as his body was flung back into one of the professors. "You are killing Harry, you are murdering!" Ron called from behind the group. I ignored him and knew it was time to leave. I fired a few spells at the ceiling and it began to crumble, falling atop us. Without waiting another second I fired one more at the group before rushing out of the door and down through the grounds with the group following behind. I saw my friends huddled at the point I had informed Demelza to wait, the secret I had woven into the Hogwarts wards at the behest of Dumbledore's portrait. It was one of two places a person could leave the grounds by portkey, while I had gone to the Great Hall I had Demelza and Luna make as many portkeys as possible. "Harry!" I heard Pansy yelled and a spell flew from her wand, I dived down behind a boulder, the next moment Zacharias Smith was knocked unconscious. "Thank you," I told her and got up. "Who's left?" Demelza gestured to the group around me. Draco, Pansy, Demelza and myself. I nodded and then was about to speak when a spell collided with Demelza, she hit the ground hard and the portkey in her hand, there was only one left, fell to the snow. Malfoy shouted and grabbed her leg before diving for the portkey with me and Pansy reaching for it but we just missed it as Demelza and Malfoy were transported away. "Pan-" Malfoy began but never finished. Pansy looked to me and I grabbed her hand. "What now Harry?" "Give up Harry!" Ron shouted, he was close. I smiled at her, reassuringly. "It'll be okay." "Harry!" Ron bellowed as he came closer. "Kreacher!" The elf appeared and bowed to me. "Master?" Ron came running forwards with his wand raised, a spell on his lips. "Kreacher take her to the island, I'll protect you!" Pansy shook her head, tears streaming down her face. "No Har-" I was alone. Ron fired his spell and I only just managed to avoid it by diving to the left and I fell down towards the Lake. He fired another as I tried to stand and I felt a pain in my leg from the spell but I ignored it for now. Standing up I saw Kreacher return and reach out for me just as Ron was going to fire. But I beat him too it and yelled off a spell I never wanted to use. The green spell left my wand and flew towards Ron…and then Kreacher brought us away from there. I felt sand beneath me. Before I passed out I raised my head, I saw Pansy sitting beside me with tears in her eyes; I saw a bright sun and blue waves. We were safe.