it seemed Master Kallas was content to let her be for now. It was time for bed. That was quite enough thoughts for one day. A short time later, when she sighed in appreciation as her flushed skin met cool sheets, Hermione cast one more sleepy glance over the available facts. She was undeniably attracted to her Master. Check. Her attraction was returned. Check. She was most decidedly going to pursue said avenue of attraction. (Why say 'no' when there was the added bonus of deepening her magical abilities?) Double check. Her Master… Dia was a lesbian. Mmmm... Here, Hermione felt a dark thrill as she recalled her Master Kallas' recount of her own rich, "lived experiences." The older witch had not gone into sordid details by any means. It had been a matter-of-fact discussion, as simple as discussing the weather, and yet Hermione had latched onto her words like a lifeline. For as Master Kallas had explained her early forays and experiences of coming to terms her burgeoning queer identity, Hermione had privately felt as though the other woman were unraveling her own innermost thoughts and desires with uncanny precision. And then - Hermione's eyes flew open, staring blankly at the dark ceiling, and she was suddenly wide awake, her body aflame with desire as she recalled her Master's words… "Minerva was the first to truly open my eyes to the joy and potential of life as a lesbian. As skillful and talented as she is as a teacher, you can also imagine is true of her expertise as a lover. She taught me about the importance of anticipation, passion, abandonment, freeing one's primal energies in order to tap into - Hermione, are you well?" Their discussion had ended abruptly when the name Minerva had finally connected itself between the misfiring neurons in Hermione's brain. Her Master had been shocked by her surprise and somewhat flustered after Hermione briefly explained how little she actually knew of Professor McGonagall beyond Hogwarts. Master Kallas simply could not believe that Professor McGonagall would have sent Hermione to Naxos without an abridged summary of her own apprenticeship and a few clues as to the nature of relationships and bonds between a Master and Apprentice. Meanwhile, Hermione was shell-shocked by the realization that the two witches she revered most had moved beyond the professional realm and that they knew each other far more intimately than Hermione could ever imagine. Master Kallas dismissed Hermione after it became apparent that neither of them quite knew how to recover from the conversation - retreating into her study, while Hermione had quickly run off to get some fresh air… Her heart was thumping loudly as she suddenly imagined her Master and Professor McGonagall in circumstances that mirrored her current situation… the Headmistress patiently instructing her Master in theory and spellwork, heads bowed together over ancient texts, sipping tea in the evenings, rising early in the morning to train… Hermione fairly groaned at imagining both beautiful witches in skimpy exercise attire, flushed from exertion… Later returning to darkened chambers, whispering soft endearments to each other, as Minerva patiently enveloped Dia's lithe brown form in a passionate embrace... Fuck. Fuck. Fuck… Hermione squeezed her eyes shut and willed her heartbeat to return to acceptable resting levels. There was no discernible change in her mind or body which hopefully suggested that her Master had fallen asleep and was blissfully unaware of her mounting desire. The facts were clear. Minerva McGonagall had willingly instructed Diamantina Kallas in the art of lesbian lovemaking as part of her Transfiguration Apprenticeship. (And they both had apparently enjoyed it immensely if it was memorable enough to mention in polite conversation decades later, however obscurely covered). Hermione's heart clenched and she willed her feelings to sink deeply, towards the pit of her stomach. It's just a crush. It's just a crush. You want Dia. Dia's here... But the final fact of the matter was that Hermione Granger had a new goal, pinned deep beneath layers of rational thought, right alongside the goal that eventually saw her returning to greet her esteemed professor as a colleague… Hermione Granger would bide her time and patiently await the seduction of Minerva McGonagall. She was also a discerning witch after all. A/N: This arose out of a different work-in-progress that I have yet to upload... and somewhere along the way I found the idea of a Hermione/Minerva pairing strangely fitting as I have long harbored a love for both intelligent women. It seemed appropriate to explore a credible version of said pairing and to give myself the challenge of creating a world in which they could eventually find each other as equals. We will eventually see the familiar tried and true characters along the way: Harry, Ron, Ginny, Neville, Filius Flitwick, Pomona Sprout, Rolanda Hooch, Molly & Arthur Weasley, Kingsley Shacklebolt, and several others - all Harry Potter characters and concepts with in the 'verse belong to J.K. Rowling, while this story and a few original characters/ideas come from my imagination and belong to me. It will take time for the entire tale to develop and prepare yourself for a long arc in regards to the HG/MM storyline. Please keep in mind that as the story progresses, adult themes will crop up, the least of which will include same sex pairings. Overall, it will follow the canon through the books, minus the last chapter/epilogue of Book 7. I've tried to take details from Pottermore whenever possible, and I do derive great joy from taking time to research places, ideas, concepts, so do not anticipate quick updates. I apologize to the more voracious readers for sporadic breaks - my personal life and work do not adhere to a 9 to 5 schedule and some weeks may be more prolific than others. Thank you in advance for your feedback - this is my second attempt at fanfic and first upload, so I look forward to any comments/critiques should you feel so inclined. :)