the food piled high up on plates. About a quarter into the meal, Fred and George appeared out of nowhere and stood either side of Harry. "Hey there Harry-" "Hey there Harry-" As usual, the twins were doing the whole talking at the same time thing, and of course, Harry couldn't tell which one was which. "We wanted to tell you something Harry-", "we're getting together a little party for you later." "Despite not winning-" "The quidditch cup,-" "We know you saved the school-" "So figured that was as good-" "As an excuse for a party-" "As any." Blinking at the constantly swapping, Harry put all of what they'd said together and smiled, "Thanks guys. But it wasn't just me, it was Ron and Hermione too" "Can't believe Ron did anything-" "Can't believe Ron did anything-" "Next time Harry-" "You should grab us-" "To come along on-" "An adventure with you." After some more idle chat, the twins eventually went back to their seats, just in time for Harry to notice the sorting hat and the same 3 legged stool from before being brought on stage by Professor Sprout. Getting the feeling something odd was going to happen, Harry quickly broke Hermione and Ron out of another one of their arguments and pointed the irregularity out to them. Just in time with the rest of the school turning around to look at the doors opening up to reveal Professor McGonagall leading someone. ==========HP:TSM========== Rynno had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place. It was lit by thousands and thousands of candles that were floating in mid-air, four immensely long tables, where countless students were sitting, all of them watching him in an eerie silence. The silence only broken by his footsteps and the rare whispers. The tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets. At the front of the hall was another long table, this one semi circular, where the teachers were sitting. Professor McGonagall led the new first year to the end of the hall, so that he came to a halt in front of the teachers table and facing the other students, with the teachers behind him. Trying to avoid all the staring eyes, the brown haired young male looked upward only to instead of seeing an ordinary roof, saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars and an occasional cloud, as if there were no ceiling at all. Rynno quickly looked down again as an old grandfatherly looking man stood up from his seat in the middle of the teachers table and smiled warmly, "if I could please have everyone's attention for a moment. Today, we will be receiving a new student. Whilst it is not our usual routine, unforeseen circumstances have made it prudent to join us at this time." Giving everyone a moment to have it sink in, the older man smiled towards Rynno and the young brown haired male couldn't help but swear he saw the old man's' eyes actually twinkle. "I hope everyone will be very welcoming to Mr. Oakren. Minerva, if you would please." Professor McGonagall silently gestured to a 3 legged stool already set in place, Rynno noticed on top of the stool was a stereotypical pointed wizard's hat. This hat was patched and frayed and extremely dirty. Something he knew much be very old. Or at least, very used. McGonagall picked the hat up off the stool and Rynno took the hint and sat down. Slowly the witch placed the hat down upon the brown haired young males' head, the hat being so big in fact, it covered up the young boys eyes. With his eyes completely covered, Rynno couldn't see anything but darkness, though that wasn't the most interesting thing, the most interesting part, was he could hear singing. " You might belong in Gryffindor, Where dwell the brave at heart, Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart; You might belong in Hufflepuff, Where they are just and loyal, Those patient Hufflepuffs are true And unafraid of toil; Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, If you've a ready mind, Where those of wit and learning, Will always find their kind; Or perhaps in Slytherin You'll make your real friends, Those cunning folks use any means To achieve their ends." Almost immediately after the song had finished, the same voice he heard singing started actually talking to him, "got a difficult one to sort here. Plenty of bravery, able to stand up to your father like that takes a lot of courage. Raw intelligence here too, specially good at reading I see. Extremely loyal, a good indicator of Hufflepuff. And yes, a thirst to prove your worth, very cunning too. Not to mention you sneaking in of your pet snake. But where to place you.." " Umm excuse me, am I to understand, the hat is talking?" " Yes boy, that's right, I'm talking to you." " So you sort me based on my personality and talents?" " That's not all of it, but part of it yes." " Interesting. But does personality not change all the time with our wants and desires?" " That is correct, why do you ask?" " just wondering how that works, if you sort someone one place, but they change to become more like the other, how is that fair, your limiting them to a certain type of friends and grouping them on variables." " You have a good point there Mr. Oakren, I see how your just like both of your parents, both very different people and the same." " Does my parentage also affect my sorting?" " With some, yes." " Well, wherever you sort me, I hope I can do my best, and find friends." " Well, with all of the things to consider, all the evidence points to Slytherin AND Hufflepuff!" Immediately, there was an outcry from every single person in the hall, and Rynno was certain the hat's verdict was both unique, and out loud.