One of which was a photo of her and her mother standing in front of her rundown house…if you could even call it an ordinary house really, what with its condition and all of the men who came and went… "I-"Lily clearly had not expected this reaction. "What did you see? "Mary demanded. "I-I saw some books and…a photograph, "Lily confessed, deciding that lying would only make the situation worse. "What was the photograph of? "Mary whispered. "A pretty young girl who looked a lot like you…standing in front of a…small house in poor condition… with a pretty woman who looked almost exactly like her, except grown up, "Lily replied cautiously. Mary was silent for a moment before the words came out of her mouth before she could stop them. "I live there you know…that's me in the picture, and my mum." "Oh."Lily did not know what to say. "We've been living there for years….have to, since my dad's not around anymore to take care of us…"and with that being said Mary spilled her entire laugh story to Lily. She told her about her father, how they were evicted from their home, about her job in Hogsmeade, and about what Tilly did for a living now. Mary was disgusted when felt tears roll down her face. Mary Macdonald never cried. Ever. Not even when Mulciber had hexed her. She immediately lifted up her arm to wipe away her tears on her sleeve, and when she was done she slowly looked up and saw the Lily had tears streaming down her face too. From then on, Mary had a friend at Hogwarts who knew about her home life and never told her secrets. Ever . And her name was Lily Evans. As for Mulciber, while he did get punished for his deeds, some people, or at least Lily, felt he got off far too lightly. "You won't believe it, "Lily said the next day when she arrived to give Mary her homework after school. "What?" Asked Mary. The headmaster had arrived earlier that day in the Hospital Wing to hear Mary's –who was now entirely 100%back to normal-recollection of the events that had transpired in Hogsmeade with Lily, Remus, James, Sirius, and Professor McGonagall to hear their sides of the story as well. She hoped Lily was going to say Mulciber got expelled. "Here is the list of rules Mulciber violated as follows for what he did the other day: He was out of bed after hours, out of school grounds at night without permission, disobeyed prefects, sexually harassed you, and used Dark Magic on you. I would think that at the very least the combination of all of those offenses should warrant suspension, wouldn't you?" "Right, "Mary said slowly. "Well, it's not like he's receiving no punishment at all, but I still think more action needs to be taken: he's only getting three months of detention." Lily informed her. Mary scowled. True, three months of detention was severe, but wasn't what he did to her worth more punishment than that in addition to all of those other offenses. "I know, "Lily agreed. "If I were in charge, not only would he be suspended for a week, but when he came back he would have detention every week day for the rest of the year." "Wow Evans, you would sure make one strict headmistress, "Mary remarked. "Why wouldn't you just expel him and be done with it?" "Because I don't think expulsion would be so bad in his case," Mary gaped at Lily. "How could that not be bad?" "Well, "Lily explained. "It would of course, be very difficult for him to pursue his magical education, but he would no doubt be able to do it. Oh, I'm sure at his next school the teachers would keep an eye on him, and his parents would be disappointed in him and may punish him further, but that would be all that would happen really. I'm not saying expulsion would not be serious,-because it would be- but as a pureblood wizard from a wealthy family he would not have any trouble continuing his education, and apart from maybe his parents disciplining him, nothing would happen really. However, if he were not only suspended, but punished even further than that, he would hopefully be much more disciplined at the end of the year than he was at the beginning. " Mary was stunned at the intelligence and thought behind that explanation. "I have to admit, you may have a point." Lily blushed. "Thank you. Anyway, who knows? Maybe Mulciber will get better. "She sounded so innocently optimistic in this that Mary didn't have the heart to express her skepticism. She remembered a time when she was vaguely like that. A/N: I like to think that after the Mary incident took place Mulciber lied to all of his friends that Mary had just randomly gone up to him, saying these nasty things so he had hexed her. I think this being as I believe that even at this point Snape wouldn't be so messed up that he would find it socially acceptable for Mulciber to sexually harass a girl and then hex her after defending herself. Also, Mulciber would probably be too embarrassed to admit his failed attempts at "seduction" to his friends, so he would want to make Mary seem like she was just begin unjustly mean to him for no reason, and that therefore-in his opinion- he was in the right to use that curse on her. I think that this explanation would explain Snape and Lily's interactions during that brief scene in DH where Mary is mentioned; Lily would not realize Snape had only heard one side of the story, and Snape would not realize there was more to it, hence him dismissing it off as "just a laugh." Questions: What do you think of Mary? Of Lily? Of Mulciber? Was Mulciber punished too harshly, not enough, or just right? Please review!:D