his forehead. The big man slowly lowered the boy to the ground and placed him on the step, before straightening and wiping his eyes. Dumbledore crouched by the bundle and carefully tucked a sealed letter into the blankets. He reached into his robes and removed a long, thin piece of polished wood. He slowly waved the wand over the child's head, murmuring strange words as he did so. As he finished, a warm breeze fluttered around the group and Harry squirmed slightly, his little palm closing over the letter beside him. The professor stood and turned to his companions. "It is done," he said, with an air of finality, "Now, we have urgent business to attend to." "All right, sir," said Hagrid with a great sniff, "Jus' tell me what needs doin'." "If you need to rest Hagrid, I would do so now," advised Dumbledore, "I need you to cross the channel and determine what is happening in the continent. The giants and werewolves are still a problem that we must contend with, even now that their master is gone." "I'm fine to fly, sir. I'll get going right now," Hagrid turned and strode over to where his bike remained, pulling his helmet on as he did. In one great movement, he mounted the bike and kicked the engine to life. The bike travelled a few metres down the road before it soared off into the sky, growing smaller and smaller till it disappeared into the clouds. Dumbledore and McGonagall watched as the bike vanished and remained in that position for some time after it did. "Events are moving quicker than I anticipated," said Dumbledore finally, "I assumed that we would have more time. A great many things I have assumed in the past few months have proven false." "You're a great man Dumbledore," said McGonagall, "But you're still human. I do believe that's more than could be said for You-Know-Who." Dumbeldore chuckled, "You know me too well to think I will ever believe that. Our enemies, no matter how dark, are still men and women, even Voldemort." McGonagall flinched and glanced at Dumbledore, "I don't think tonight is the night to argue this," she said, "What do you need me to do, Albus?" Dumbledore gave her a serious look, "You were right Minerva," he said, "These celebrations are dangerous. Fairly soon the Ministry will be sending people to clear them up before the Muggles start to notice. It would be the perfect opportunity for any Death Eaters hiding inside the Ministry to launch an attack. I want you to gather some people together, find the most likely targets and ensure that they remain safe." McGonagall nodded to show that she understood and began a brisk walk away from the house. When she reached the gate, Dumbledore called out to her. "Minerva," he said, she turned to him, "Take care who you trust. We're not out of the woods yet." She nodded again, "Take care, Albus. I will see you soon." As she stepped through the gate, she morphed back into a cat and crept away into the shadows with one fluid movement. Dumbledore was now alone in front of the house. He took several steps forward until he stood by the gate, then turned to face the building and raised his arms. In his right hand he held the wand and his left was empty, with an open palm facing outwards. In a low, echoing voice, he began to chant. The words were strange and twisted, like nothing the human tongue should be able to pronounce. It was clear that these words were not of the same language as those he had murmured on the step. These words were far older and rang with a great power that anyone in hearing distance could feel. As he spoke, Dumbledore waved his wand back and forth in front of him, leaving a dim trail of golden light from the end of it. Mostly his movements were random, but every so often, he would deftly trace an archaic symbol in front of him, which would flash red for a short second before vanishing. This strange ritual continued for at least ten minutes, until Dumbledore brought the wand to rest, point up, about an inch from his nose. He grasped the wooden handle in both hands, continuing his chant while he did so. Surrounding him was the same golden glow he had used to draw the symbols, growing steadily more intense as the old man began to chant faster. On the doorstep, the boy in the blankets was writhing in his sleep, his stubby fingers gripping the parchment like a vice. Suddenly, Dumbledore threw both arms out to the side and ended the chant with one final, bellowed word. The aura which surrounded him flashed blood red and a great wind swirled down the street with a roar like thunder, whipping the old man's hair and beard from side to side. Just as quick as they had come, the wind and the light vanished. Dumbledore slumped forwards and barely managed to break his fall with his hands. He remained on his knees for several minutes, panting and gasping like he had just run a marathon. Eventually, he stood and straightened his robes, surveying the house before him with a mixture of pride and sorrow. He turned and left through the gate, coming to a stop in the centre of the street. He stowed the wand in his robes and removed the same device he had used to extinguish the street lamps. He clicked it once and the lights immediately relit themselves. Dumbledore cast one last look around Privet Drive, before his gaze landed on the sleeping form in front of Number 4. His lips curved upwards and his eyes twinkled in a smile. "Good luck, Harry Potter." And with that, he turned on his heel and began his walk down the street, popping another yellow sweet into his mouth as he did so.