all the aurors with him. Hermione screamed loudly, and ran towards where the six men were standing just moments ago. "Where have they gone? What spell was that?" She asked, to no one in particular, "That was no magic." She flicked her wand over and over, whispering incantations that could tell her who the man was or where they had gone, but received no results. "Hey, Granger. Hey." Draco said, seeming to appear out of thin air behind her. She cried out in frustration, and he held her arms from behind with both of his arms, stopping her from moving her wand further. "You need to stop this, nothing is happening. You need to calm down." "He took Harry, Malfoy." She turned towards him, her voice quivering in rage, "He took him. And I don't have a clue where to start looking." He watched her, letting her continue, "I don't know if you even have an ounce of heart in you to care when your friends are taken, or if you even have friends anymore, but taking Harry… or worse, murdering him, is like cutting a chunk out of me. Don't tell me to calm down, Malfoy. Don't." Hermione tried very hard to compose herself, but she couldn't keep grasp of the situation, let alone herself. With everything going on with Ron, she kept telling herself in the back of her mind that at least she still had Harry, that as long as he still loved and trusted her, she was not as bad of a person as Ron now sees her. She couldn't lose one of the last ties she had to her childhood, seven years that no one would ever be able to comprehend. "I'm going to stand here until you get it through your head that freaking out like this does not help him in anyway," He said calmly. Hermione collapsed onto the soft gravel, and after a few moments, composed herself enough to look at who she was talking to. He sighed in relief, glad she was calm, and walked towards the front of the shop, now a gaping dark crater. "Malfoy," He looked up from the damage, and stared right at her, "I'm sorry. I didn't really mean that. I know it's been 20 years since the war now, and you're not the same person anymore. We were just kids. I was just… Harry means the world to me." "I know, it's okay. We'll figure it out. And then we can go back to avoiding each other and pretending the other doesn't exist." Hermione almost smiled, and said, "And Harry didn't mean it either. He's been through a lot. The dreams haven't stopped, he still thinks Voldemort will return one day. Please don't take it personally." "Granger, I never take anything personally," He smirked. "But just so you know, I never really meant everything I said to you lot at school." He shook his head, "That's not true, I meant it at the time. I had it through my misguided teenage brain that if I wasn't cruel or mean to people, I wouldn't be respected. I wanted power, fame, and fear. I wanted to be just like my father, even though I myself never loved him. It was sick, and messed up. I'll never make it up, the people I killed, the things I did." Hermione sat in silence for a few moments, unsure of what to say. She didn't know what brought this on, or why he would suddenly reveal such thoughts. She could only guess that he didn't have anyone else left that could listen, and it was probably something he's been wanting to say to her for many years. At King's Cross station every year, she would see Malfoy and Harry nod at each other, a mutual understanding that there would be no more conflict and war for their kids' generation onwards, and that everything would be different. She felt reassured during those moments, and liked knowing that all of it wasn't a dream, that all of the pain, suffering, and deaths in her generation weren't all for nothing. There could be peace between Griffyndors and Slytherins, and by extension to that, pure-bloods and muggle-borns. Now, after all these years, Draco Malfoy had finally revealed to her a little bit of what goes on inside his head, something she guessed he didn't reveal to people very often, and she felt a little thankful, even if it had to happen in a situation like this. "I always wondered, you know. What went on inside that head of yours, behind all that sneering." She could have sworn she saw his expression drop for a moment, and for a second, just one, she saw a genuine expression behind the mask he always wore. Shyness. Or was it embarrassment? She wanted to see more. Now is not the time, Hermione , She scolded herself. "Okay, I'm ready." She sat up, and pat down her robes. "Let's go back to the ministeryministry. Tell me what's going on, and we'll find Harry." Draco nodded, and reached to grab the loose robes on her arm, to make sure they apparated into the same room in the department of ministries. "Wait, hold on." Hermione bent down, and took out a vial to scoop up a piece of burnt flesh, presumably dropped by the mad wizard during his attack and escape. "Well, that's disgusting." Draco said, wrinkling his nose, "What are you doing that for?" "Wizard DNA cannot be detected or sequenced by normal muggle software, but… I get the feeling I can do something with this, maybe a tracking spell of some kind." "Software? DNA? What are you going on about, Granger? Is this what life is like for Potter and Weasley all the time?" He scowled. "Oh, shut up Malfoy." She grabbed his hand, and before he could react to the sudden feel of her skin against his, they apparated into the front entrance of the department of mysteries.