plants and its relation to potions. Information abound! When they disembarked from the train the 'station' they'd arrived at was hardly even worthy of the title. It was more akin to a stone platform in the middle of the woods. Students flocked about, whilst the first years were corralled by Hagrid, "Firs' years! Firs' years follow me! Everyone 'ere? Alright, come along now children." The children were led to the shoreline of the Black Lake, where dozens of boats awaited them, "Four to a boat, no more than tha'." Instructed the giant man. Obviously he took a single one for himself. The trip across the lake for the new foursome was interesting, the most interesting part was how it appeared that Zac was absolutely terrified of the water, and refused to sit on the edge. His whole body was stiff as a board but his eyes darted from each side with manic paranoia. He was the last on, and the absolute first off. Through the courtyard and into the castle they went, until they came to a great pair of wooden doors, easily towering above the small humans before it. "So, hanging out with Potter I see?" Draco's voice cut through the chatter around them quite easily. He sidled up to his house-guest/friend and nudged his shoulder with a little smirk. "Yep, we sat together on the train. Where were you by the way?" Questioned the Krupp heir with a quirked brow. "I was with a few family friends, I figured we'd spent most of the last month together, you wouldn't miss me too much for an afternoon." Draco responded with a shrug. "Fair call." The Australian boy said with a shrug of his own, "Harry this is my mate, Draco Malfoy. Draco, this is Harry, Hermione, and Neville." Zac noticed that Neville was a little hesitant in his approach, Hermione offered her hand and Zac saw a little glint in Draco's eyes for a moment, like he was internally saying some sort of joke to himself, though he did accept the hand after a moment. "Pleasure." He greeted diplomatically. "Hello, Draco." Harry said with a nod as he too exchanged a handshake. "Alright there, Longbottom?" Draco asked with a quirked brow, as he offered his hand. "Y-yes, a pleasure, Malfoy." Neville swallowed thickly as he too shook hands with the blond haired boy. "Malfoy…" Spat a voice with derision. "Weasley." Snarled Draco, easily slipping into the confrontation of their fathers' before them. "Snuggling up to the Boy Who Lived, eh? Trying to make up for your dad's crimes?" A red haired boy with a large nose and - strangely enough, dirt on his face - a lots of freckles. His robe was a slight threadbare, most likely having being a hand me down. "The past has passed, Weasley. At least my father has the ability to make up for mistakes, yours is too busy bumbling about the Ministry like a clown to do anything of merit." Draco snapped back easily, Zac covered his mouth with wide eyes at the quality of the burn. To an eleven year old at least. Ron's ears went red at the retort. He spluttered for a moment before looking to the boy over Draco's shoulder, "Who's this lackey then?" "Your new step-dad." Answered the Australian easily with a wink, a mixture of approval and disgust from Draco was sent his way. Children immediately broke into giggles at that, Ron flushed with embarrassment and went to lunge at the boy before a voice cut through them all. "I think that Molly Weasley will have quite something to say to you, young man." An accented voice said pointedly. The children immediately went silent and Zac felt the heat rush to his head as Professor Mc McGonagall gave him a 'you fucked up' look. The professor towered above them easily, an older woman in a dark green robes with a dark, pointy hat atop her head. Her circular glasses added to the piercing quality of her green eyes. "Well? Have you anything to say for yourself?" Questioned the teacher. "I'm really sorry…" The boy mumbled to his feet, not daring to look up at the woman nor his peers at the crashing waves of shame he felt. Partly due to being caught, and partly for the smug look on Ron's face at a perceived win. "See to it that it's not repeated." McGonagall said firmly as she led the children into the hall. ' Ahh, god damn it. ' Zac thought, face in palms. They were escorted towards the end of the Great Hall, just before staff table, where upon a stool sat a rumpled and aged brown hat. "The headmaster would say a few words before we begin." McGonagall said easily as she gestured them all to listen. An aged and ancient looking man in voluminous silken robes stood, the Headmaster. Albus Dumbledore, "I have a few start of term notices I wish to announce. All first years please note that the Dark Forest is strictly forbidden to all students. Our caretaker, Mr. Filch wanted me to remind everyone that the third floor corridor on the right hand side, is out of bounds to everyone who does not desire a most painful death. Thank you." Zac immediately went goggle-eyed, ' What kind of headmaster says something like that so casually!? ' "When your name is called come forth and I shall place the Sorting Hat upon your head, the hat will sort you into your houses." The hat sang some kind of song, Zac tuned it out in favour of shrinking in on himself. Trying to avoid as much notice as possible, he cursed his loose lips for getting him in trouble on his first day! "Hannah Abbot." And thus the sorting ceremony began. End. If you liked it, lemme know. I know it's a departure from the normal stuff that I put up, but I'm a conceited shit and wanted to do this anyway. Raxychaz!