there are the other two members of their trio, and it occurs to me- "Where is the fourth member of your little gang?" "Turned traitor," Remus answers promptly, while Sirius' face darkens and the door slams shut behind me, James stepping into the room and laying his hand on my shoulder while he passes. "We found out last month. He slipped up." The war. It takes us all in different ways. "The little rat!" Sirius snarls, and Remus tuts at him. "We know, Padfoot. Don't think about it. Say, Prongs," Remus asks, and James hums, tugging a chair out from the table and slamming into it. "Did you give Ms. Lily here the full tour?" "Oh, hardly," he replies. "She stood and gaped at the garden." "I still think you should model them after us," Sirius latches onto the subject and James snorts with laughter with Remus rolls his eyes. "You're crazy, Black," James says. "I don't want to." An alarm goes off, and James glances over at the wall, gritting his teeth. "Five am, time to get up," he says bitterly. "And we're just sitting down to dinner." "Call in sick," I say, and James shrugs. "Can't do that, Evans," Sirius says loudly, standing and grabbing a string of grapes from the passing house elf, who puts the remainder of the fruit on the table. "Ministry needs us all to be working best we can." "You haven't slept," I object. "Slept on the bus," James reminds. He looks unnaturally serious. "You and Remus eat. Sirius and I will talk to Frank and see if he can't pull some strings for us to get at least a few hours off work this morning to sleep and eat a little. We pulled a late-nighter for them, after all." I blink at them, but the duo is already leaving through the fireplace on the far left side of the kitchen, bursts of green flames marking their leave. Remus sits in silence, looking at the fireplace. Then he jolts a little and smiles at me, a little forced. "Sit down, Lily. It should be any minute now." I take a seat, feeling out of place without James in his house. "Does he really live here?" I ask, looking around. There's two windows, a stove between them, and a sink to the right. Two house elves bustle around, moving what looks and smells like a roast to the table with quiet mutters between them. "We all do," Remus agrees, also looking around. "It's one of the safest places in England, maybe even safer than Hogwarts since that's easy for wizards to find. Thank you, Red," he adds, taking tea from a particularly small house elf. He also hands one to me, and I smile at him gently. He leaves through a side door next to the fireplace I hadn't noticed. "It's a bit- much, isn't it?" I question, blowing on the drink to cool it before taking a sip. Remus shrugs. "Like James probably told you, we only use about eight rooms. Six if we don't have company." "I live on the outskirts of Surry," I say. "I've never seen anything like this except Hogwarts, and that wasn't- it wasn't someone's property-" "Oh, I know how you feel," Remus assures, putting his hand on mine. "You'll get used to it." "When?" I ask, feeling like that won't ever be true. Remus grins, and I suddenly am reminded that he is the devious mind behind more of the Marauder's most elaborate pranks. "Well, I have a feeling we'll be seeing more of you soon, Lily," he tells me like it's a secret, and then leans back in his seat. "You've given in to James, and we don't let go if we can help it." "Then-" The fireplace blooms back to life before I can ask if Remus thinks James will agree to protect my family. Sirius walks out of the flames with dignity, and James follows soon after, stumbling over his feet a little before he manages to steady himself. "We have the day off," James announces, and Remus grins, while I smile, more relieved than I believe I should be. "Thank Merlin," Sirius agrees, giving Remus a kiss. "Red?" James calls, and the little house elf pokes his head out from behind the door. "Master James?" he replies. "Have a room made up for Ms. Evans, here, and please have the food delivered to the rest of us, including her. I think we should sleep." "Prongs," Sirius declares, "You are a genius. Come, Moony." "It's already been done, Master James," Red admits, ears drooping. "You anticipated that?" James asks, smirking. "Well done." The elf perks up immediately, bowing. "Thank you, Master James. Miss Evans, if you'll follow me." "Night, Lily," James says, and my throat is closing. I can't believe it. My whole life has turned around. I walk over to him while Red pauses at the door, and I step onto my tip toes to give James a kiss on the cheek. He flares red, eyes wide, "Thank you, James," I say. "Of course," he answers, clearly without thinking. "Good night. I imagine I'll see you in a few hours," I say, turning to follow Red. "Lily!" he says. "If you need a place to stay- ever- and I know your family needs help- you can call on me." My prayers have been answered. "Thank you," I repeat, blown away by his generosity. "I have safe houses all over Europe and Asia. They can pick where they want to go." And me? "And you can have the room you're staying in," he adds, without me prompting him in any way. I feel like crying. I return to him and kiss him properly, tears in my eyes. "Thank you," I breathe against his lips, my hands on his cheeks and his on my waist. "Or you can share my room," he suggests with a wink when we pull apart. I laugh. "Maybe," I agree.