side by side was another thing entirely. "My father came to visit as well," the young Malfoy went on. "He came on school board duties. He wanted to make sure the quidditch stands were still up to par." His grey eyes looked over the pitch, and he tilted his head thoughtfully. "Yeah, he's probably right. They may need to make some minor adjustments. Ever since that game last year against Hufflepuff, right Al?" Albus grinned, wrapping an arm around the other boy's shoulders. "Yeah good thing I was there huh? You know Pomfrey is getting up there and her healing spells aren't what they used to be." "God, don't remind me." He smiled back at Albus then continued, "You know, that's probably something my father should hear about too." Harry snorted. He couldn't help it. It was such a Malfoy thing to say. In this context it was just hilarious and brought back fond memories of Draco Malfoy shouting menacingly, "My father will hear about this!" He chuckled to himself, wondering if the older man still used that threat. "Well dad, I'm getting kind of hungry and I still need to catch a shower before I go up to the castle. It's been fun!" James interrupted his wandering thoughts. Harry nodded, and gave his son a quick hug in return. "Good game today, son." "Thanks, dad," he replied, before he turned and made his way to the locker rooms. Lily sighed, a pout forming on her lips. "I guess that's my cue to get going too." She looked up at Harry and asked, "Stay for dinner?" Harry hated to let down his daughter. But for some reason she always thought it was perfectly fine for her father to stay at the school for extended periods of times. He seemed to constantly have to remind her of why he couldn't stay and each time he let her down it seemed harder than the last. "Now Lily, you know I couldn't possibly…" "But why not?" she asked, her tone raising. Her hands were on her hips now and her auburn hair was whipping across her face from the wind. She looked so much like her mother… "All the other parents have left. I couldn't just stay because I'm Harry Potter," he sighed, running a hand through his hair. "Lily, I don't want to be treated any differently. Students and faculty eat in the Great Hall…no one else." "You know the headmaster wouldn't mind," she continued, ignoring what he just said. Harry's irritation began to slowly rise. This was not going to be easy. "You could come have dinner with us," Scorpius joined in. Harry and his children looked at the blonde in alarm. He chuckled lightly, "No really. My father hasn't left yet. He went to the greenhouses to check up on Professor Longbottom. But he told me when he gets back we'd go to Hogsmeade for dinner." He paused, chewing on his lip thoughtfully for a moment. "It's sort of tradition, but I'm sure he won't mind the extra company." Harry laughed, and couldn't help the bitterness sound to it. "I highly doubt that." "Really dad?" asked Albus, his eyebrow raised. "You guys still hate each other?" "Well…no," Harry frowned, thinking for a moment. How was he to explain this to his children, when he honestly didn't know what his feelings for the other man were to begin with? He didn't really hate Malfoy, but he really didn't care for the man much either. It was just an indifference more than anything. He really hadn't given it much thought lately. Today's whole thoughts on Malfoy were highly unusual in themselves. Perhaps it was that dream. What was that dream about anyway? The details were getting really foggy and he could only remember Malfoy and a wand. It must have been a memory of when he took the wand from him, surely. "Then it's settled then!" Scorpius exclaimed, clapping his hands excitedly. "What's settled?" The familiar voice of Draco Malfoy broke through the conversation. Without thinking, Harry's eyes darted quickly up to look at the other man. Malfoy looked from his son to the other children, before resting his eyes on Harry. Harry could feel his stare rake over him before meeting up with his eyes. "We're all going to dinner together!" Scorpius said cheerfully, ignoring the tension that his father brought to the group upon joining them. "And we better get going, because I'm sure Al is starving," he smiled, poking Albus in the stomach. The other boy swatted his hand away playfully, grinning the whole time. Malfoy looked at his son with Albus and sighed, bringing a hand to pinch in between his eyebrows. "Son, I know you want your friend to join us for dinner, and that's fine. But making his father and sister join against their will…" Lily interrupted, "No, we want to go!" "Lily!" Harry called after her. He couldn't believe she was really considering this. Did she really miss her father so much that she'd share a dinner with him and the Malfoys? He would need to talk about her to Ginny when he got home. "Come on dad, it'll be fun," Albus whined, puppy dog eyes plastered across his face. Harry groaned inwardly. Draco Malfoy turned to Harry then, a smirk held firmly in place. "Well Potter, I guess our kids have decided for us. Would you like to join us for dinner?" His eyes carefully watched Harry, and his tone was only slightly playing. "Er…I guess," Harry nodded at Malfoy and gave him a weak smile. The other man smiled in return and Harry felt a churning feeling in the pit of his stomach. Was that because of this talk of food was making him hungry…or was that something else? Harry had no idea. This story is a work in progress, so please be patient with me. I am currently looking for a beta reader. Please message me if you are interested! Thank you!