and then with a wave of his hand, the magical binding that was holding his hands tied together was lifted. Ron reached into his inner robe and pulled out a letter and handed it over to the Minister. "This is for my entire family. Please tell them that I love them, I always have loved them and I always will. I am sorry for my actions but I did as I thought I had to do." Then Ron turned to Harry and extended his hand, which the other boy took after a moment's hesitation. "I hope you can forgive me Pot-Harry. Tell Hermione, Neville, Dean and all the others I hurt, that I am sorry. I know it is not much, but it is all I can give them." Harry nodded his head, and Ron did see that his eyes were very clearly glistening in the artificial light that was being cast within the room. "I hope you find peace Ron, wherever it is that your next journey may take you." "Thank you," Ron said softly before turning to Kingsley, "Minister would you please tell Severus that I will miss him, and I appreciate everything that he has done for me?" The Minister nodded his head, and so it was, Ron Weasley squared his shoulders and stepped up onto the dais. He considered the executioner's veil and saw the wall on the other side. He gave it a weak smile and he turned to look out on those he has once called enemies, "I will remember what you did for me, both of you. I-I am sorry it had to be this way." With that, Ron Weasley backed up a step, he took a deep breath and then he stepped into the beyond. Harry gave a start as Ron stepped back into the veil. At first it was as if nothing had happened, and then, just as Sirius had before him, Ron Weasley floated up and out of sight and thus he become no more. "I wish he had chosen otherwise." Came the voice of Kingsley Shacklebolt. "Why?" "It was not his fault, not entirely anyway, and he could have been useful in helping hunt down the last remaining Death Eaters." Harry nodded his head and gave a small, brief, smile to his comrade. "I wish he would have stayed, who will tell his family?" Kingsley gave a frustrated sigh and said "I will. It is only fitting that as Minister I do this." Ron looked around and did not see a lot. Everything was pure white, warm and almost welcoming. " So…this is death then." "Aye, Ronald Weasley, this is Death. I welcome you to it." Ron gave a start, he had not spoken out loud and he could not see anyone or anything around him. "HAHAHA! I am no mortal thing for one to see Ronald. I am a part of this vast void, the beyond. Tell me, if you will, why did you choose me over life?" "You?" "Yes me, I am Death after all." "I-I don't know to be honest. I didn't want to go on living. I had nothing left for me there." Ron could almost hear the thought process as the…being thought his answer over. "A good enough answer I suppose. But tell me this; you had a chance to escape me, a chance to live. A chance that so many have not had to opportunity to have…a second chance at life." Ron nodded his head in agreement to the words that had just been spoken, " It is true, what you just said. I did give up my second chance, I did not want it, and I did not need it." "Hmmm. It seems that you are a very… complex case. I have never had anyone who did not beg for a second chance. Yes, quite strange indeed. I think that you might make the perfect candidate, yes…" "I'm sorry-but what do you mean?" But Death was not listening to him; he seemed to be lost in his own thoughts. He was muttering to himself, stuff that Ron was unable to make out. " Excuse me, but what do you mean?" Ron repeated once again. Death, this time, answered in a solemn voice, "I have deemed that you, Ronald Billus Weasley, shall have a second chance. A chance to right wrongs, to make different decisions, to be a new person. No matter what, you cannot stop this terrible war from happening, but you will need to decide what you stand for Ronald; you will need to discover who you are…truly. You will need to choose sides in the war, you alone will know what to do when the time comes. You have seen one side of the coin, how they were treated, maybe you can choose the other? I hope you appreciate this gift, for I do not grant it often. I will be watching you, and if you ever should need my help, then all you need is to call upon me." With that, Ron's vision went black all around him, he could not move his head, his arms, nor his entire body. He did not know what to do, he could not scream and he could not see. He did not know where he was, and then suddenly he felt someone or something, shaking him. "Wake up Ron!" Ron opened his eyes with a snap and what he saw both terrified him and made him laugh. Standing before him was not one but two twins, death must have sent him back in time. Ron jumped out of bed and ran to the mirror and saw a sight that made him smile, it was his younger self but his older mind. He could still remember every spell he had learned during his time at Hogwarts. "What day is it?" he asked his brothers, both of whom smirked at him and said in unison "September first! You're first day at Hogwarts!" [6,211 words]