kisses. She whispered to his ear, encouraging him to give Senna the miracle of childbirth. Harry lifted both of Senna's legs onto his shoulders and moved her closer as he repositioned himself. This is my privilege granted by the Lord Jesus Christ as man of the household. This is what is expected of Christian women in service to Christian men for the miracle of childbirth as the Lord intended. Harry plunged his shaft fully inside his sister's womanhood. Senna cried in pleasure as Harry settled his manhood fully inside of her before moving back and forth in a berserk pace. Tears filled Senna's eyes, her breasts bounced, and her hips swayed as Harry thrust himself in and out of her womanhood. Harry went at a frenetic speed and let his hips loose as Senna cried out. Harry scowled and slapped Senna harshly as he continued his pulverizing her womanhood with his rapid thrusts inside of her. Harry threw his head back and continued to relentlessly thrust inside of his sister's womanhood. "Yes, oh dear Lord, yes, yes, yes!" cried Senna, as tears of joy fell down her cheeks. "Oh yes! My Lord, please! Yes, yes, yes, yes. yes . . . ! Thank you, lord brother! Thank you!" Harry felt Senna's walls clench his manhood as he buried deep inside of her womanhood. He tightening soon overwhelmed him and the siblings climaxed together. Harry let out an animalistic gurgling and Senna cried out " Yes! YES! " as Harry's seed spilled forth inside of personal property to impregnate her as the Lord intended. Harry sighed as he felt five spurts go forth and shoot into his sister's womanhood. Once he was finished, he pulled out and moved his sister's legs off of him. He fell to the side next to her and lay on his back as he tried catching his breath. Senna's sweaty body moved toward him and she pressed her breasts on his shoulder. Harry moved his arm so that Senna tucked her head on his shoulder blade and the crook of his neck. Senna began to kiss his cheek as he lowered his arm and firmly squeezed her bum with his hand. Senna jolted and then giggled as she continued kissing his cheek. I finally fulfilled my purpose as Christian property, as the Lord intended! Heather swiftly moved her face towards Harry's manhood and kissed the tip affectionately before she took his shaft in her mouth. Heather began bobbing her head on Harry's manhood and Harry cried out in pleasure. Time to give the miracle of childbirth to my other property too. Harry's phallus became rigid and Heather finally removed her mouth. She shifted her body above him and positioned her womanhood's entrance above her brother's manhood. Heather looked at her lord brother expectantly. Harry nodded. "Fulfill your wifely duties and give yourself to me as the Lord intended for your purpose." Heather obediently plunged downward so that Harry's shaft slammed into her womanhood in one fell swoop. Heather cried out in joy and Harry moaned in pleasure. Harry removed his arm from underneath Senna and moved his body to a sitting position. He pulled Heather closer to him, allowing her to wrap her legs around his waist, and moved his face over to her firm breasts. Harry began to lick, bite, and suckle each of her areolas and around her breasts interchangeably as she cried in a mixture of pain and pleasure. Harry slowly began to thrust inside of his sister and gradually picked-up the pace as her mewling increased in octave from his quicker thrusts. Finally, Harry no longer wanted to wait, and began thrusting into his property's womanhood at a rapid pace. Heather held the back of Harry's head with both her hands and pushed her breasts closer to his face as she grasped large swathes of his hair with both hands. Harry licked, suckled, and bit his sister's breasts as he thrust into her and felt her tightness clench around his shaft. "Oh . . . ohhh Lord, oh yes . . . .!" cried Heather, as Harry vigorously continued thrusting causing her breasts to bounce. Harry smirked as he continued licking, biting, and sucking her breasts as he relentlessly continued thrusting inside of her. "Thank you, my Lord! Thank you! Please, give me the miracle of childbirth! Please ! I'm yours! I exist only to service you like an honest and virtuous Christian woman is intended to live her life under the guidance of the Lord!" Harry continued thrusting into his sister and felt her walls clench as he felt his balls well-up in intensity. Harry came inside of his sister and Heather cried out in pleasure as she felt five spurts shoot inside of her. Harry smiled as he fell back to the bed on his back. Heather fell on top of him, her legs still entangled with his. Her womanhood still connected to her lord brother's manhood. Harry moved one of his arms behind Senna as Senna readjusted her head on his shoulder; Harry moved his other arm onto Heather's bum. Harry squeezed both his sisters' bums and smiled. "Mine." said Harry firmly, "as the Lord intended." Heather snuggled closer to the crook of his neck and Senna kissed his cheek before the bliss of sleep overtook her. Senna nodded and remained silent until spoken to like the Bible intended women to behave. Heather responded with a servile. "Yes, lord brother, we are yours as the man of the house rules his property - especially his womenfolk." Harry's smile widened and he fell asleep along with his twin sisters' having satisfied the divine right of blood purity. Lily Potter wiped away tears of joy having witnessed her children having fully consummated the divine right of blood purity. She remained silent and waited in the corner until the new man of the house awoke to instruct her on her orders like a good Christian woman as taught in the Holy Bible.