"Mr Potter?" Harry turned to come face to face with Chef Walker-a man in his late fifties with white hair. "Draco hasn't been talking. In fact he can't talk. We though he had a seizure but everything about him seems normal except the fact that he is too tired to do anything. That's why we called you." Harry turned to Draco who was just looking down. Trust Draco to mess things up. He looked back at Chef Walker and said, "I'll take care of things." Harry slid an arm around Draco's shoulder and walked to a distance, till everything disappeared and then, Harry apparated. When Draco saw a house which looked like each floor is built just for sake for adding a new room, he knew he was in trouble. "Ha-ar-ry!" he managed to utter. Harry looked at him with one glare that silenced him. "You don't want your parents to know." He said. "You are not welcome in St Mungo's. And you have clearly exhausted your magical core by setting everything on fire. I am not going to even ask you what happened. I don't know any other place. And you are not complaining." Draco decided that he was far too weak to say anything, so he managed to crawl clinging on his boyfriend. His eyes were half close and he was far too tired, but Draco was sure he heard several gasps a rather offending remark from the twins and some rather embarrassing cooing. As soon as his head touched the pillow, Draco drifted into unconsciousness. Draco woke later in the evening. As soon as he opened his eyes, he saw a rather low ceiling and terrible orange color. Orange? And then it hit him. He was in the youngest male Weasels' room. Draco had never personally gone there, but the stories Harry told were enough. "Shit." Was all that he could manage. He sat up at once and quietly tiptoed out of the room. The place was so crowded that he wondered why everything was so silent. As he finally climbed down the last stair, he knew why. The Weasleys, the Lupins and Harry were all sitting on the dining table. There was no way he could escape. "Oh Look, it's a ferret." Draco turned to scowl at Ron who scowled back. Harry rolled his eyes and buried his head in his hands as the others turn to look at him as if he was a piece of art. "Hello." Draco managed to croak. "I didn't know ferrets could croak!" "Honestly, Ronald!" Hermione smacked Ron as he protectively held his arm. Harry stood up and went up to Draco. "Come on." He said. "I am going to kill you." Draco replied. "We will see about that." Harry replied. He firmly grasped Draco's hand and led him to the table. As they sat down, he felt number of gazes on him. He turned his gaze to one person he knew. "Professor Lupin." He greeted the older man with a small nod. "Hello Draco." Remus greeted. "I am sure you have heard about my wife Dora." "Yes, mother talks about her." It was then when he received a smack on his head. Turning around, he came face to face with the mentioned person. "And you my dear cousin," she said, "Never even tried to contact me!" "Ummm." He slowly turned to Harry for help who just shrugged. "I guess I am sorry?" "You guess?" she demanded, her hand on her hips. She turned to harry and said, "Harry it is your responsibility to bring this blonde over to our house every single Sunday." "I work at a restaurant!" Draco interrupted. "That would be impossible!" "I promise." Said Harry. "Every alternate Sunday." "Good!" Tonks declared, her arms crossed as she went on in the kitchen to help Molly. It was followed by a crash. "So, Malfoy-"said Fred, or was it George? No, no ear, so it must be George. "Fell in love with ickle Harrykins, did ya?" "Um, yes." Draco answered in the best way he could. Another silence followed at which everyone was trying to kill Draco with their gazes. "For God's sake!" Surprisingly, it was Ginny who broke the silence. "Draco-may I call you Draco? Great. So Draco, hello, my name's Ginny Weasley who briefly dated your boyfriend." "Ginny!" Harry exclaimed, blushing furiously. "What, it's the truth!" she exclaimed. "Anyways, so in which restaurant do you work exactly?" Conversation followed normally after that. Of course, Draco was normally being subjected to Ron's glares and Molly's fussing, none which he had received earlier. When dinner time came, a blue haired boy approached him and asked, "Are you really my cousin?" "Yes." Draco answered, looking at Harry for confirmation. "Then how come I have never met you before?" "Because he is a ferret." Answered Ron, becoming the centre of glare from Harry, Ginny and Hermione. Teddy, not understanding the old joke, shrugged and climbed up on Draco's lap. "If you are my cousin, you should have no problem with me." The rest of the dinner followed normally, as normal as a Weasley dinner can be. Soon it was time to leave, and Harry and Draco took their leave with the promise to visit soon from Molly. As the couple apparated into their apartment, Harry turned to Draco and said, "Well, that wasn't very hard now, was it?" "I am going to kill you." Said Draco. "Better not do it." Said Harry. "Tonks is expecting both of us this Sunday." Huffing, Draco said, "I am going to sleep!" He shut the door behind him and went to sleep. As usual, Harry climbed in late and slid an arm around Draco's stomach, like always. And like always, Draco pushed him closer and snuggled up to him. Harry smiled. It wasn't the best of days, yes, but it was a good one. Okay, so I have no idea what I wrote. I just wanted to write a story with Drarry. So review please?