Is it that you have all decided that us purebloods should stick together? Malfoy's … Akiyama's … Vinter's…". I gave an exasperated sigh knowing full well that he was dredging up the single, but glaring thing that we could not agree on. Draco, sensing my annoyance, and instead saving the conversation for later I would guess, knowing him well enough. Instead his eyes lit up and I knew the conversation was heading somewhere else, although not somewhere I was exactly excited to explore. "Was it me, then? Did you miss me that much that you chose to sit here, right behind me? Honestly, I can understand the appeal but you didn't need to go to such lengths for my attention", he cockily asserted. "Of course, you've hit it the nail right on the head. I'm desperately in love with you and I've just been wondering if Mrs. Mira Malfoy or Mrs. Mira Vinter Malfoy has more of a ring to it. What do you think?", I mockingly questioned, in a sickeningly sweet tone. For a brief moment, Draco didn't respond and I thought that maybe my sarcasm just didn't quite come across, but surely it had. Who in their right mind would be that forward and obsessive? I looked briefly back to Regan and Ren and saw that they had smiles on their faces, and something else I couldn't place and I would have to ask them about later. While they seemed to be getting a little more enjoyment out of our conversation than I could understand, at least I knew that they didn't fall for what I thought was an obvious joke. Just before I broke the silence, thinking that I had to awkwardly explain myself and wonder if Draco really had lost his touch, he looked back at me with an all too serious expression. "Well I'll leave the name to you. What I'm more concerned about is where we would live. I mean, we could live at the Manor and have your home in Oslo be a sort of Summer home of sorts. Sound good?". Draco's grin just got wider and wider and I honestly couldn't help but burst out laughing. This conversation had just gone … weird. "I'll leave the details to you, Draco", I responded, slightly flabbergasted that he went along with it, and a little too seriously for my liking. I turned my head back to my front, looking at my friends who had seemingly returned to reading. I knew all too well that they were listening though. I could still feel his presence though behind me, and knew very well that – superior git that he was – you weren't finished until he was finished with you. I turned my head around then, and with an eerily serious look rivalling his own previously, I attempted to end the discussion. "Well, there is one thing I have to get off my chest though. I mean, if we are going to get married after all", I requested. Draco's grin didn't fade, but he kept waiting, oddly silent for the usually talkative person he is. "I've been thinking and the one request I make is that our daughter or son has to marry someone I choose. I'm thinking a lovely muggle-born, or even better, just a muggle. That way they can truly experience it all. Don't you think?" Draco's smirk gave way to a grimace after that, something I knew would happen. As much as I appreciated whatever sort of friendship we had between us, what I could never understand was his obsession with blood purity. What allowed me to somewhat ignore it though, was an understanding of how he grew up. I mean, I didn't know him as a child or anything, but having grown up as a pureblood – even when my father and mother were quite progressive – if my mother's family could prove anything, it was that after growing up being taught one thing … you begin to believe it. No matter how absurd or wrong it may be, even in part, it sticks with you. I saw it in my mother from time to time, no matter how hard she tries to overcome it. Sometimes…its inevitable. Unavoidable. Draco's scowl was enough for me to attest to this fact. That he had been brought up one way and I could hardly blame him for not having the power or courage to break free like some have done before him. His mother of all people would understand. The Black family may have been a very prestigious pureblood family, but that didn't stop both her sister Andromeda and cousin Sirius Black from abandoning it all. While it left me a little more disheartened than I thought it would, I knew that I truly had put a stop to our conversation; our flirtation, if you could even call it that. In the very least, a harmless flirtation between two 'sort-of friends' never amounting to anything because, despite my sympathies, some things Draco did, I just couldn't overlook. "Does that bother you? Well, sorry but that's non-negotiable. It looks like it really isn't meant to be. I suppose I'll have to pack away the wedding dress then. Woe is me". I returned to my normal sitting position, and could tell he had too. Although I wish he thought otherwise, that was unfortunately something he had to overcome, and I'm not too sure when that would happen. If it happened, that is. I was hopeful, though. That somewhere – within him – existed the capacity to think beyond his parents' prejudice. That within him stirred the faintest sliver of rebellion that didn't have him abandon it all like his aunt and cousin had, but had him dare to look beyond his ignorance. If I knew him like I believed I did, I knew there was much more to Draco Malfoy then he liked to show, and I hoped to see the 'true' Draco sooner rather than later.