flows through him- as the oldest, he's practically trained to respond to his siblings and cousins' distressed sounds like a moth to light. He redirects himself to the sound and finds Victoire in the arms of her mother, sobbing. His heart clenches, his throat closes and he feels like he's going to pass out. He hopes nothing bad has happened. His understanding of French is rocky at best, but he still can make out a few things. What he hears breaks his heart all over again. … Fleur corners him later, in his room. "Teddy?" she asks, knocking gently on the door. He looks up and sets aside his book, a cold wash of dread flowing through his body. "Victoire say zat you and her have problems, no?" she asks, sitting on the edge of the bed. He shrugs and she sighs. "I am not mad," she reassures, and places her hand on his knee. He meets her eyes. "You are just as hurt as she, yes?" "Yes," he whispers. Then he explodes. He hasn't had anyone to talk to in months other than Albus, who, while great at being an irritating little brother, isn't exactly good for much more than that yet. He's only a little kid, still. "I hate her boyfriend, and it isn't even rational because he's great, really- but he got Vic first, and I hate him more because he is exactly like me, basically, and I just keep thinking that maybe- maybe, if I weren't such a coward or if she could just- just see, what she had, then, maybe, we could have been happy, you know, together, but she obviously didn't want that because when I let slip that I love her, she just stood there and then cried, and- and, what was I supposed to do? Stand there and let her reject me because she had Xavier? Hell no. So I just told her to leave, and not to talk to me, but I never meant for this to last this long, Aunt Fleur, I swear, I just wanted… I wanted her to know what she had, and that is wrong, and cruel, and abusive, I know that now, but it's not like I can go back to her because how can I face her now? It- she's just better off-" Fleur sits there, patient and quiet, and when he runs out of steam, he just lets her collect him and he cries into her shoulder. "I'm sorry," he whispers. "I'm so sorry. I never meant to hurt her." "I know zat, Teddy," she says, and pushes him back gently. "Zo, I am glad zat you realize you hurt her. And zat you know what you did was wrong. It means you can fix zis," she says. He swallows heavily and presses his palm to his stinging eye. "How? How can I face her?" "How about wiz an apology? She misses you, Teddy, and you are miserable without her, or so Albus tells me," she replies, smiling gently. She runs a hand through his pink hair and cradles his face. "You have been a part of my family for fifteen years, Teddy, and I do not want to lose you anymore zan she does." She stands, then kisses both of his cheeks twice. He kisses her back, and smiles, sad and still hurt, but a little relieved. Not everything was lost. It was now or never. … He knocks and then he considers running. But the door swings open before he can, and there she is, make-up half-done, hair a mess, and he feels sick with shame and love for her, for how she looks beautiful even when she clearly doesn't think the same. "Ah- dammit, Teddy, hold on-" she slams the door. He blinks dubiously at it and takes a deep breath, settling on the rail behind him. It takes maybe two minutes before she opens the door again. Her make-up isn't done, but she brushed her hair, and it lies smooth and shiny on her shoulders. He wants to run his fingers through it and find out if it really is as soft as it looks. "Come in," she says. He stands and follows her inside. She shuts the door behind him, and sits on the bench of her boudoir. "Well? What do you want?" she demands, not facing him as he stands just barely in the room. "I'm sorry," he says. "Nothing can ever make up for how I treated you, but I hope-" "You're sorry?" she repeats, and turns. She has a make-up brush in her hand, and she looks floored. "Good god, Teddy," she mutters. "You have nothing to be sorry for." "I- what?" "I'm the one that should apologize to you. I made you feel unwanted, and I guess I kept stringing you along, and then to get with Xavier and flaunt it in your face- I was a bit of a bitch." He's the one who's floored, now. "Um. What?" She smiles. "I guess, moral of this story, is that we're a pair of idiots." That, he can agree with. "I guess," he agrees. "I'm sorry," he adds, just to be sure. "Quit saying that," she snaps. Then she grins. "Good news, Teddy," she says then. "What?" "I broke up with Xavier last week," she says, and stands. "Apparently I just wasn't into him anymore and I was obviously in love with someone else and he couldn't stand my pining- so he dumped me." She steps into his space and he swallows, heart beating a mile a minute. He barely lets himself hope. "So," she says, and presses herself against him, and his hands go to her waist automatically. She smiles. "How about we make up for lost time?" she whispers, and kisses him. It was now or never, anyway. He kisses back and thinks, wildly, that he must be dreaming. But then she bites his lip and it's clear that it's real. He got her.