slowly, then smiled. "Aw, thanks, Harry, you shouldn't have." Said Ginny happily. "Well, I wanted to." Answered Harry. "Harry dear! Could you some downstairs for a minute?" Said from downstairs. "I'll be back in a minute, alright?" Asked Harry, "Alright." Harry slowly walked downstairs, wondering what Mrs. Weasley could want. "You have a visitor." Harry looked to see who it was, it was Kingsley, they went to speak in the Living Room, "Harry, in your sixth year at Hogwarts, Dumbledore gave me something that he told me to give to you when the time came." Kingsley gently placed a small package in Harry's hand, "These were your parents' wedding ring's, they gave them to Dumbledore when they found out that they were marked for death." Harry looked at the package in his hand, his eyes were glistening. He managed to choke up a 'thanks', and then Kingsley disapparated. Fast forward a few weeks, they are starting school that day: "Hermione, I'm really nervous." Said, Harry. "You'll be a great teacher I know it!" Said Hermione encouragingly, "I have to head the sorting ceremony, so I'll see you in ten minutes, said Hermione as she rushed to greet the first years. It was strange to Harry to see Professor McGonagall sitting in the Headmaster's chair. Soon enough, the sorting had begun, and the students were sorted, the speeches said, and the food was eaten. Harry went to his office and began to prepare the next day's lesson when Ginny came in. "Hi, Harry, nice place." Harry smiled, "Thanks." Ginny walked around the desk and gave him a kiss, "So how's lesson planning going?" "Fine. I think I'm going to go to sleep now." The next day came and went, as did months, at last, it was Christmas morning, and Harry had an extra special reason to be excited. He fingered the little box in his left pocket. They had decided to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because the next year they weren't going to be coming back. Harry wanted to train to become an Auror, and Hermione wanted to pursue S.P.E.W at the Ministry. Ron was still undecided but was leaning towards an Auror as well. And as Ginny was in her seventh, and final year at Hogwarts, she had to choose a career path as well. Harry had asked Ginny to meet him by the Room of Requirement at 9:30 that morning, as he walked he thought of different things to say. He arrived at the room and waited for Ginny, when she arrived he asked for the room to become the perfect place for what he was doing. He opened the door, and they were standing in a beautiful room, complete with a dinner table, and an orchestra that was playing itself, and Harry couldn't help thinking how perfect it was to match the beautiful person coming in. They talked for a while, Harry had decided to do it the muggle way, he dropped down on one knee, and said, "Ginevra Molly Weasley, you are my everything, you complete me, you are my better half. I wake up every day and think about you. You make my life worth living. You are the person who takes the darkest times in my life and puts a bit of light in it. I never want to leave your side, so will you please, do me the greatest honor you could ever bestow upon me, and marry me?" He pulled out the ring that his mother had once worn. Ginny's mouth dropped open, and her eyes welled with tears. "Yes! Yes, of course, I will!" He slid the ring gently onto her index finger. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him more passionately than she had ever before. It felt like days, many happy, flower smelling days, until they broke apart, and walked happily back to Harry's office. "Should I go get Ron and Hermione?" Harry nodded excitedly. Ginny had to try and contain her glee, as she tried to casually invite them to Harry's office, but Hermione caught a glimpse of gold on her ring finger and got excited. They ran all the way down to Harry's office, and it took everything Ginny had for her to wait until they reached the office for her to blurt out, "WE'RE ENGAGED!" Ron had a terribly stricken look on his face for a minute, until he smiled and congratulated them, "OH, I KNEW IT! I KNEW IT!" Cried Hermione gleefully. Harry wrote a letter to the Weasley's, and in return he received four letters of warning (From Bill, Charlie, Percy and George), and one of full congratulations, and exciting ideas for the wedding (From Mrs. Weasley, of course). McGonagall was very pleased, but reminded Ginny to try and stay focused on studying for her N.E.W.T's, and told the same to Ron. At the end of that year, as they watched Hogwarts become a speck of dust in the distance, Ginny and Harry shared the present, they shared a past, and they shared the future. And as the train rolled into platform 9 3/4 for the last time that she would be in it, Ginny was happy, truly happy. And Harry was there waiting for her. And they both couldn't help remembering the eager little girl waving her brothers goodbye, anxiously awaiting the years that would follow, unaware of the hardships, and joys that they would carry. And never in her life, would that same little girl who had talked nonstop about the famous Harry Potter for a summer straight, have dreamed that she would be wearing a ring that he had given her, a ring that marked their future. And they walked out of the station hand in hand. Together. Forever. Hey people, It's been a while since I've posted anything. This is an old fic. I rewrote it a while ago but kept this one. I don't like it very much but let me know if you do. -randomperson12345678910