Professor Dumbledore himself looked a little worried, but was otherwise still smiling with twinkling blue eyes. "Noh usually listens to me," Hadria tried to explain. "And really, it's not our fault—" "My cat was in its stomach !" Hermione all but screeched. "It jumped in!" "You're saying that Crookshanks jumped into Noh's mouth?!" "Yes!" "Whatever for?!" "Well—" There was knocking on the door, and Dumbledore smiled even wider. "Come in!" They turned to see a freckled red-head open the door, only to freeze at the sight of all of them. "You asked to see me?" Ron said, eyeing the Slytherin and the Ravenclaw suspiciously. Hadria coughed. "As I was saying earlier, Crookshanks jumped into Noh's mouth to retrieve a rat called Scabbers." "So it's you!" Now Ron was the one yelling. "You slimy stinking snake!" "Mister Weasley—" "Ten points from Gryffindor for calling names!" "Fred and George was sure it was Mrs Norris, but it was you! Where is he? Is he dead? Where's Scabbers?!" "I don't get it, why would my cat want to retrieve Ron's old rat from the stomach of a Lethifold?" "And you ! Is that where Scabbers is now? Did your cat eat—" "PETER PETTIGREW!" And then, as Hadria expected, there was dead silence. Professor McGonagall was the first to recover. She said, her Scottish accent thick now, " Pardon? " Meanwhile, Professor Dumbledore was watching the whole thing in a rather unconcerned manner, while Professor Snape looked like he had accidentally swallowed one of the Headmaster's sherbet lemons. Hadria grinned, now that she had their full attention once more. "You see, Scabbers, an old rat that has been living with the Weasleys for at least ten years now, is actually Peter Pettigrew, who is an Animagus." "What are you saying, Miss Potter?" McGonagall sounded like Hadria had been speaking German, and hadn't understood a single word she'd said. "Well that's easy to prove," said Snape, the practical one whose patience was wearing thin and had enough. He drew his wand. "Miss Potter, produce the rat." The Slytherin girl turned to her Lethifold with an open palm outstretched. "Wormtail, please." And the Lethifold spat out a dishevelled but very much alive rat. But before Ron could even yell or do anything else, there was a flash of blue light, and Hadria quickly threw the transforming rat to the ground. It was a most disgusting transformation that ended with a semi-conscious short man with grubby skin. Professor McGonagall drew in a sharp breath and looked like she was holding back some cuss words. Ron, however went ahead with, "Bloody hell! What did you do to Scabbers?!" Hermione looked horrified. "Th-That's… He's supposed to be dead, isn't he? But... If he's alive, then…" "Sirius Black can't be accused of killing him," Hadria finished for her. "It's not like he had a trial anyway." Professor Snape sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. Then Dumbledore stood up, and went around his desk. He casually stunned the man on the floor before he could regain his awareness, and smiled genially at all of them. "Crookshanks is a highly intelligent cat," he began, which made Hermione perk up. "He must have found out, somehow, that Hadria's pet Lethifold had swallowed Scabbers, who turns out to be Peter Pettigrew, and had bravely faced the Lethifold to retrieve the rat. Which brings us to the question of why the cat was so determined in finding him, and whether Sirius Black is really guilty of all the crimes he's been accused of." Hadria raised a hand. "That's because Sirius is after Pettigrew, sir, whom he claims was the one who betrayed them all and framed him for all those crimes. And clever Crookshanks helped him." "Miss Potter, do you mean to say that you've been in contact with the mass murderer and never thought to report it until now?" Snape glowered, as he always did whenever Hadria did something he deemed as ridiculously-low-self-preserving. Now Hadria was raising both hands in front of her sheepishly. "My apologies, sir, but I'd only talked with him right after Crookshanks brought out the rat. I had to stop him from grabbing the rat and making a dash for it, after all." Now Hermione appeared rather faint as her brain worked away and… "Wait a minute, I remember you saying that you had a… Dogfather ?" She glanced at the black dog sitting innocently at Hadria's feet. Hadria laughed, though inwardly, she thought cackling like a villain might feel better. "Lo and behold, ladies and gentlemen." Then she hugged the dog, which was more of a tackle than a hug, to prevent him from fleeing should he even think about it. "I present to you, the Animagus, Sirius Black!" She ended up clinging on to a dirty man who managed to stagger to his feet even though he had a thirteen-year-old girl clinging onto his back. He grinned. "Hello, Minnie, Albus, Snivellus. Long time no see." Later on, after a whole long explanation of basically everything, after Snape had swept out of the room, tired of it all, and Ron had fainted from shock, they agreed they had best tie up the man lying on the floor and ship him to the Ministry of Magic. "Gift him to Amelia," Sirius said. "She'll love it." But it was already close to twelve midnight, and hardly anyone was going to be at work. So Hadria took the initiative, told Noh to open its mouth, and proceeded to shove the entire man into the black hole. "I'm pretty sure that's creature-abuse," Hermione protested weakly, to which Hadria had the cheek to say, "Who are you talking about? Pettigrew or Noh?" But it was the general consensus that one of them deserved it and the other was a Dark creature that had jaws and body more extendable and elastic than any snake. The End! Thanks for reading! Feel free to PM me or leave a review with your comments or questions.