then, tilting his head just a bit. James was sure he hadn't meant to kiss Sirius with such enthusiasm, but alcohol does funny things to a man. Sirius, the vain bastard, had to turn it into a competition. Not to be outdone, he opened his mouth to James, making James laugh and groan simultaneously. James found himself overwhelmed with equal parts desire, confusion, and disgust. Something about the feeling of Sirius's stubble and the alcohol made him want it. He wanted to kiss Sirius, and keep kissing him. In the end, James was grateful that the pair of them rolled off the couch in Sirius's dramatic demonstration. James bumped his head on the edge of the end table, and opened his eyes to see blurry Remus staring at him. Sirius climbed back into his seat. " I wonder if that's the first time that's happened," Marlene mused. " Black's just trying to make me jealous," Alice said, laughing, looking unconvinced. Sirius cleared his throat, winking at Peter. "If you think you're jealous now, you ain't seen nothing yet." Peter looked horrified and the group laughed. "My spin again," he announced, not looking at James. He didn't look at James again until they were both very sober, and Sirius was back in the snake-pit. Maybe it could've been fine, James thought, as he climbed back into his four poster on the February new moon. Maybe it would've blown over, if we had laughed about it. The sounds of the dormitory became rhythmic once more as Sirius settled back into sleep, clearly determined not to get involved with any normal behaviour that might actually make him happy for five seconds. James was still wearing his glasses and cloak. He scowled at the canopy overhead. "I'm gay," he whispered to himself, trying the words. The feelings he had when he kissed Sirius returned: disgust, desire, but he wasn't confused anymore, now he was afraid. What would happen? James felt a sharp pain in his head as he forced back tears. He sat up in bed and rubbed his eyes behind his glasses. Making the decision to get very, very drunk with or without his best mate, James climbed out of bed. With the help of the map and his dad's cloak, James was in the tunnel to Honeydukes. Without having to share the cloak, the journey went smoothly and the old codger in the Hog's Head served him without question. He had taken his first swig of Firewhiskey before he'd even exited the bar. James made quick work of the tunnel back to the castle, and a third of the bottle. It wasn't until he was about to reemerge into the corridors of Hogwarts that his roving was met with a snag. Aside from being drunk, James had noticed something when checking the map that could either be very good or very bad. In the empty castle it wasn't hard for James to spot his friend's younger brother out of bed past curfew. Alone. "Uh-oh," he slurred, wiping a dribble of Firewhiskey from his face and sloshing alcohol over the front of his robes in the process. "Uh-oh." Regulus wandered through the castle with every intention of figuring out how his brother had been able to make it to Hogsmeade when he was only in his second year. He had interviewed several portraits who reported noise in the upper east side of the castle. Regulus moved into the turrets, trying to locate Gryffindor Tower. He was halfway up a spiral staircase when a noise below him made him freeze. It was unmistakable, he was being followed. He was about to double his pace when he heard his name in the dark. He stopped trying to get away. He'd been recognised. There was a boy standing on the steps below, his face hard to make out in the darkness, but Regulus could tell he was black, tall, and drunk. He stumbled on the stairs. "Regulus, hi," he all but giggled, pausing when he was within arms reach. "Potter?" Regulus asked, a little unsure. "Don't sound so scared. Do you want a drink?" "What? I… alright," he replied, taking the offered bottle. Regulus sniffed the rim and grimaced. "It's cheap." "The cheapest." Potter actually sounded proud. Regulus took a sip anyway, and immediately spluttered. "It's rank," he gagged. "Yeah," Potter said, still pleased. "Firewhiskey takes some getting used to." "I know how to drink Firewhiskey, you dolt, I just prefer it not to taste like piss," Regulus said, drawing his wand. "Lumos." He found himself looking into a pair of hazel eyes crinkled over a cheeky grin. He resisted the urge to take off the boy's glasses, thinking of how angry his brother had been, thinking that Potter would probably punch him in the nose for his trouble. He wanted to ask if Sirius had sent him. He handed the bottle back to a grinning Potter. "It's almost empty," Potter whispered. "Did you drink all that?" Regulus asked, taking another step up the staircase when Potter did, trying to keep the distance. "I spilt most of it," he replied sheepishly, tipping the rest of it over the banister, before taking another step up. Regulus moved away again. "What do you want?" "I know a game we could play," Potter said, inspecting the empty bottle. There was just one step between them. "It's a muggle game called spin the bottle. Have you heard of it?" "No," Regulus replied. Potter bit his lip, and ran a hand through his hair. "It sounds rubbish." Potter laughed and his eyes were warm. "Yeah, it is, it's awful." Potter turned and took a step down as if he was making to leave. Foolishly, Regulus followed, just like that the space between them evaporated. James stopped abruptly and turned. This time when their eyes met the older boy was grinning wider, if such a thing was possible, and Regulus was reaching for an explanation. Regulus was reaching for James Potter's glasses.