because I have a personal objection to you doesn't mean you're always wrong." "Well, Mister Malfoy-" Umbridge began, a look of consternation on her pouchy face. "Isn't the point of this class to learn how to defend ourselves? I mean, what if we're in a dangerous situation, memorizing this bloody picture book line for line won't do much to help us, will it?" Harry asked. "No matter how much the Ministry likes to pretend that there's not still danger out there-" " Hand , Mister Potter!" Umbridge cried, but it was no use. The class had already erupted into chaos. By the time the professor managed to quiet everyone, there was no way anyone was going to be able to read anything, let alone chapter one of Defensive Magical Theory , which Hermione had found, was about as informative as The Tales of Beedle the Bard. "We've had a perfectly fine education the past four years, I don't see why it should stop now, especially after all that's happened." Ron muttered, once the class finally calmed down. "I will not allow fifth years to insult the Ministry or me, or to lie to their classmates about the safety of this school!" Umbridge screeched, her face turning a violent shade of maroon. "Detention, Potter, Granger, Weasley, and Malfoy!" "But, Professor…" Malfoy said, no doubt about to use his father's status at the Ministry and friendship with Umbridge to get out of detention. "No excuses, Malfoy! I will see the four of you in my office at five o'clock tonight." She said, her voice gleeful. Just then, the bell rang, and the students could not get out of the classroom quick enough. "Bloody Ministry." Ron muttered. "This is ridiculous," Harry agreed. " And we've got Divination next!" Staring morosely into his cup of tea leaves, Ron sighed. "I don't see a thing." "Me neither, mate." Harry said, looking over at his book again. "Hold on, I see something! It's, wait…" Ron turned his cup around and around before looking up and grinning, "a lump of tea leaves! What does that mean, Harry?" "I dunno, I reckon that means you'll be eaten by a giant marshmallow or something." Harry said, pretending to study the list of shapes and their meanings and grinning. He didn't see Professor Trelawny come up behind him until it was too late, although Ron was wildly trying to alert him. "Harry Potter… The Boy Who Lived. Very interesting. You wouldn't happen to mind if I looked in your teacup for a moment, would you?" She asked, her voice serene and eyes wide behind enormous spectacles that only widened her eyes to disproportionate dimensions. Harry handed over his teacup all too willingly, and she inspected it carefully. Ron rolled his eyes when he thought she wasn't looking, and imitated Trelawny, widening his eyes and peering with consternation into his cup. He stopped immediately when the Divination professor looked up at Harry, tears in her eyes. "My dear boy, I am so very sorry. I see… I see a large, black dog. A Grim, dear." She pressed her lips together and patted his head in what she probably thought was reassuring. "We all must die sometime." The rest of the class had turned to look at Harry, some stifling laughter, others giving him pitying looks (whether because of Trelawney's attention, or because of her prediction, he couldn't tell). Before he had a chance to respond, Professor Trelawny simply glided away, serene as ever. While Harry knew her prediction was bullshite, Ron seemed a little shaken up. "Mate, what if she was right?" "Oh, c'mon Ron. Even if she did see a big black dog, it was probably just Snuffles. I thought you didn't buy into that rubbish." "Yeah. Sorry, mate." "It's fine." Harry said, and leaned back in his chair, wishing the class was over. "Remind me again why we signed up for this class?" He groaned, realizing Hermione had been right. He'd much rather be in Arithmancy with her right now, than in this class with creepy Professor Trelawny. "Probably just to try and prove 'Mione wrong. Or to spite her. Or because we didn't want to take Arithmancy." Ron offered. "Yeah, probably." Hermione sat down in the Arithmancy classroom, ready to clear her head of Professor Umbridge, at least until detention that night. She laughed to herself as the bell rang and Professor Vector stepped to the front of the class, knowing Harry and Ron were probably already regretting their decision to take Divination. "Alright, class. Please take out your quills and parchment, and get ready to take notes. Today, we'll be reviewing the basics of Arithmancy before we get into more in-depth equations. There's extra parchment at the front of the classroom for anyone who needs it." The professor paused while a few students grabbed extra parchment, running a hand through her short, spiky black hair. "Ready? Great. Now, for those of you who don't know, the letters of the alphabet are each given a number from one to nine in Arithmancy. I want you all to copy down this diagram, which is an easy way to remember which number belongs to each letter…" Hermione let Professor Vector's words wash over her as she busily took notes and copied down the diagrams that the professor drew on the blackboard. While she despised Divination with a passion, Arithmancy made sense. It was still about making predictions, but the predictions were based in fact and math, and could be proved. Plus, Arithmancy was always a good way to clear her head, something she often found herself in need of. For awhile, she let herself forget about her previous frustration, and sunk into Vector's words and diagrams and logic. All too soon, the bell rang, and Hermione headed off to Care of Magical Creatures, reminded again of her impending detention and the fact that she would have to spend the rest of the year with an incompetent, prejudiced, Ministry-approved Defense teacher.