arms to his sides. Voldemort laughed and bowed grandiosely. "At last… at last I shall put you both where you belong." The Dark Lord pointed his wand at the helpless Harry Potter who was lying bleeding and broken on the ground. But then a cry came from the hole Bellatrix had blasted in the stone wall. With a loud shout, the old knight leapt into the atrium, his mirrored shield held steadily in front of him and his sword brandished above his head. Without pausing or slowing, the armored knight gestured at Dumbledore with his sword and the chains that held the headmaster captive shattered with a flash of white light. With a cry of fury, Voldemort turned the attention of his wand toward the newcomer. A jet of red light was sent barreling toward him, only to bounce off his shield and crash into the ceiling where it exploded in a shower of dust and broken stone. Dumbledore quickly took advantage of the situation and renewed his assault upon the Dark Lord, transfiguring the paving stones beneath Voldemort's feet into quicksand. While the wizards turned their attention and their wands to each other once more, the knight took up position between Harry and Voldemort, acting as a shield against further assault. "Can you move?" he asked in a firm, resolved voice. It took Harry a moment to realize that the knight was talking to him. "I don't know," Harry wheezed, "I think I can try." "Make your way back into the corridor," the knight said in a tone that brokered no argument, "you're in no condition to continue this fight. You can find some shelter there. I'll cover your retreat." Harry obeyed, and painfully began to crawl over to the opening in the wall while the old knight kept his shield between Harry and the Dark Lord. A few times Voldemort tried to cast a spell at them, but each time the knight intercepted it with his shield and sent it ricocheting off in some other direction. Every so often, the knight would gesture with his sword like he had done earlier, and one of Voldemort's spells, curses or transfigurations would be broken in a flash of white light. Had he been of clearer mind, Harry would have probably wondered at the wandless magic that the knight displayed. Once Harry reached the opening, he crawled over the blocks of ruined stone and turned his attention back to the fight. As soon as Harry had reached some modicum of cover from the battle, the old knight left his position shielding the teenager, and charged Voldemort head-on. The Dark Lord was taken by surprise, and he barely managed to avoid having his throat slashed open by the knight's shining sword. "Give up, Tom," Dumbledore calmly spoke in the midst of the battle as his wand continued moving, "you've lost whatever advantage you thought you had." "This Muggle is nothing! You are nothing , you old fool!" the Dark Lord screamed as he continued to dodge both the knight's sword and Dumbledore's spells. Voldemort then conjured a thick, steel shield between himself and the knight, and then forcefully banished the heavy object at the old warrior. The impact of the blow knocked the knight off his feet, falling backwards onto the floor. And then Harry heard the sound of rushing flames. He turned to see the green fire of the Floo Network light up the far side of the atrium. Out of the fireplaces stepped several Aurors as well as Cornelius Fudge, who gaped in horror at the sight of Lord Voldemort returned from the grave. With a last sneer of hatred, Voldemort let loose another concussive wave of force that knocked back everyone in the room, and then with a deafeningly loud crack , he disapparated, fleeing the Ministry and shattering the battered wards that were straining to survive the magical battle. With the excitement finally over, Harry was beginning to a bit feel light-headed. He heard the Minister for Magic stupidly exclaim, "He's back!" into the shocked silence that followed Voldemort's departure. In the background, Harry could hear the sounds of Dumbledore, Fudge and the Aurors as they began hurriedly moving about the atrium, but he couldn't exactly piece together what they were doing. A sharp jolt of pain made Harry look down at his stomach to see that at some point his hands had clasped onto his gut. "Wow," Harry said to no one in particular, "that's a lot of blood." He began to feel dizzy as he held up a red hand to get a better look. A shadow fell across his line of sight and Harry tilted his head back a bit further in order to see where it came from. The knight was standing before him, sword still drawn, staring down at him with a look that could probably cut steel. "Oo look awf'ly shinny. Did'ja know 'at?" Harry slurred to the armored figure. And then, with his head falling forward, everything went black. AN (Updated 10 Feb 2017): This story is now finished and posted in its entirety. However, in an effort to clean it up a bit, I will be going through the text for another edit. (Not that I think that there's too many errors, but I'm being a bit of a perfectionist.) So, if you spot any errors or typos, please help me out and let me know in a review of that particular chapter. Also, I'll be removing many of the longer author's notes. If you want to see my thoughts on the story or read some comments I've made, check out my profile and my forums where I will archive the more relevant notes, responses, etc. Thanks to all the authors on this site whose works I have enjoyed for many years. You make the world a more interesting and entertaining place. Please leave a review on your way out and let me know what you think. Thanks for reading!