even in the dead of winter, she would come here. She found the tree in her second year, during their first week back. She and her sister had gotten into a massive fight (again) and she knew she wanted to be by the lake. She ended up walking halfway around it before she finally found herself, on the edge of the forest and with her feet only a few yards away from the cool waters of the lake. People were always surprised to find that, as twins, Azalea and Lily really didnt get alone that well. They got alone fine for sisters, but as twins, people believed they should have been inseparable. That wasnt the case. She sighed and brushed a strand of straight, burgundy hair away from her face. She loved her sister, no doubt. She was entirely too protective over her as well. Lily, however, always had a spotlight on her and it was Azalea that was always cast in the background. She didnt mind it a whole lot, honestly...but for sixteen years...it eventually took a tole on her a persons self esteem and confidence. Azalea smiled as a light breeze came rolling from the mountains and it ruffled the hair of her bun. It felt good on her skin and the smell that came with it...it was so much different than the smell of Cokeworth. She breathed in deeply before an idea suddenly hit her. She stood up, walking quickly away from the black lake and heading back towards the castle. She was going to fly. She walked quickly through the halls, her mind only on one thing: the need to get in the air. The sound of her sneakers on the stone floor of the castle was almost silent as she wound her way through students before making her way to the staircases. Lea had just made it to the Fat Lady's portrait when it opened and out popped her four, least favorite people. Black was the first to walk out and froze only inches away from her, staring down at her with cat-caught-the-canary smile. He shoved his hands into the pockets of his jeans and leaned back on his heels, looking her over with a raised brow. "Alright, Evans?" She rolled her eyes, glancing over his very tall shoulders to take in the other three. She ignored Potters smirk, gave Lupin a small smile and ultimately ignored Pettigrew that was looking away from her anyway. "Hmm, I forgot how much I enjoy seeing you in those sweatpants." He purred, glancing over her legs. While they were large and baggy, they sat low on her wide hips and actually clung nicely to her volumptuous bottom that was shaped from years of Quidditch. Lea rolled her eyes and crossed her arms. "Move out of the way, I have things to do." She snapped. Black, however, had a different idea. He moved forward, wrapping his arm around her waist and twisted her around to drag her back down the stairs. "Yes, like hanging out with your favorite Marauders!" He cried, cheerily. Lea gaped at him angrily, trying to break free. " No , actually I had other plans." She snapped, but the boys behind her only laughed at their best friends antics. His warm, strong arm was tight around her body, his fingers digging into the hallow of her hip. "Well, not anymore!" Black chirped. Soon, however, he quickly became annoyed with her trying to fight him and stopped, bending down and easily throwing her small body over his shoulder in a firemans carry. Azalea cried out, shocked by the motion and glanced up to the boys behind her that were now red faced with laughter. "Oi! Shut up and get me down!" She snapped. Potter removed his glasses to wipe away a tear. "Sorry, Evans. Looks like you're spending the day with us." Lea grumbled, reaching to her wand on her hip, but Black's large hand wrapped around her wrist and held it down. She growled angrily, kicking her legs. He continued to laugh. "Keep doing that, love. Im actually rather enjoying it." Azalea huffed in defeat and let him bring her out to the East courtyard. "I hate you." She snapped as he dropped her down on the grass, popping down beside her...much too close beside her. "You love me." He purred, leaning towards her. Their arms were pressed together and his breath tickled her face. She glared, unable to hide the red from her face. "I actually dont." She hissed, as the others sat beside her as well. Potter fell back to bathe in the sunlight, his hands behind his head and his eyes closed. Peter was playing with Exploding Snap cards and Remus was reading a book he had brought with him. "So what did you want me here for?" She asked, leaning back on her elbows. She ignored the pointed look that Black gave the small sliver of skin between her shirt and her sweats and pulled her shirt down again without even looking at him. Black shrugged and laid back in the grass like his best friend. "Maybe because I like you, ever thought of that?" Azalea rolled her eyes. Black only had an interest in her because she and Lily were the only two girls in the school that didnt fall for his shit. Lily was claimed by Potter already...that left her to his annoying and persistent flirtation on a daily basis. Wonderful, right? "I had plans." She hissed. Black opened an eye and smirked up at her. "You were going to go fly. I know you, Evans. You can go later." She stared down at him with a frown...how did he...? She rolled her eyes, finally giving in and deciding to spend the day with them. What could hurt? Hello my lovelies! I finally got this up and I am so excited for this story! Please read and review, because I love your comments, questions and critiques. Much Love R.C.M