husband and turned back to Hermione with a wide smile. "It's going wonderfully, dear. Have you seen any of my designs?" Hermione smiled politely and nodded. "I actually have a suit back home that I wear for work that is designed by you, and a few pair of shoes." She wasnt sure how, but the woman smiled even wider. She looked like she was about to bounce with happiness when she felt the familiar presence of Ginny beside her, passing her a flute of champagne. "I spiked it with some firewhiskey to help you get through the night." Hermione smiled and quickly took the flute, turning back to Narcissa who smirked at Ginny, who just noticed which family Hermione had been talking to. "Hello, Mrs. Potter." Narcissa greeted, nodding her head. Ginny raised her brows in curiousity but nodded back politely. "Mrs. Malfoy, I wasnt expecting to see you here." Ginny was right, the Malfoy's had been absent from the last five balls. Narcissa waved her hand as if it was not a big deal. "Things come up," She simply said. "I made sure to bring us out this year." The girls nodded and Hermione took a sip of her spiked champagne. She handed it back to her friend. "Needs more firewhiskey." "On it!" Ginny bounded off, glad to be out of the Malfoy infested area. "So where have you been the last few years? I heard someone say you were in Ireland?" Lucius drawled, brushing his shoulder length silver hair out of his face. Hermione flushed and played with her clutch. "I, ah, actually was, yes." She stated. "I was just offered the job as Deputy Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement." All three sets of eyebrows shot up before returned with smug looks of approval. "Congratulations." Lucius purred, "That is a very good position to have. Working alongside Mr. Potter, yes?" Hermione nodded. It was just then that Ginny returned. Instead of holding another glass of champagne and firewhiskey, she instead held a brand new bottle of the much stronger of the two. It was already open and Ginny smiled at her. "I poured your glass of champagne in there. Is that enough firewhiskey for you?" Hermione smiled widely. "Perfect!" She turned back to the Malfoys, who watched her with amusement dancing in their grey eyes. "Im sorry to leave you, but unfortunetly I have to suffer through some interviews of interigation-like conversations with some very boring people. It was nice seeing you again, Narcissa. Enjoy your night." "You as well, Ms. Granger." She purred. Hermione caught one more glance from Draco, her brown eyes meeting his steel-grey ones and felt the familiar tingle of sparks down her spine before she following Ginny around the room, taking swigs off the bottle of firewhiskey that she had quickly hid beneath Harry's robes one they had found them. Throughout the entire night, however, Hermione felt the tingles down her spine and the eyes of a certain pureblood on her until the festivities came to a close. Hermione was doing her best not to stumble to the fireplaces, carrying her six-inch heels in her hand with her gown dragging on the floor when a cool hand pressed against the bare skin of her lower back. She gasped, looking up into a pair of stormy grey eyes and to the familiar sexy smirk that had haunted her all through Hogwarts, and for the remaining six years after. "Looks like you could use a little help, Ms. Granger." He purred, his voice low and his lips close to her ear. Hermione stumbled, the nearest fireplace was still another fifty yards away. She mentally cursed. "Im perfectly fine, Mr. Malfoy. If you'll please excuse me." She tried to pull away from him, but the blasted Slytherin had placed his other hand around her waist and twisted her to face him. Her chest landed against his and she could feel the strong planes of his chest and abdomen against her, his cool hands against the bare skin of her back. Her hands were splayed across his chest, one still clutching her purse and she stared up at him in shock. "I do believe you were pleading the opposite last time we met." He drawled, his grey eyes searching her chocolate ones. Hermione didnt know what to say. Oh, sorry, Mr. Malfoy, but the last time we met you impregnanted me, so if you'll excuse me . Or, Sorry, Malfoy, but I the last time I was drunk with you, I was given more than I bargined for . She huffed, her eyes turning cold and yanked herself out of his embrace. "Last time we met, we were plastered and made some very bad decisions." She turned on her heel, stumbled and continued on, but he followed her, coming up beside her with his hands casually in the pockets of his dress robes. "I dont think they were very bad decisions," He drawled, looking at her sideways. Hermione rolled her eyes, finally coming up to a fireplace and turned to him with a glare. "Sod off, Malfoy. I have better things to do than to deal with the likes of you at three in the morning, when Im fairly drunk and want to go home and fall asleep." Malfoy's fingers slithered around her waist again, pulling her back towards him and he gave her a devilish smile. "You can come home with me? I promise, all we will do is sleep." She rolled her eyes and tried to pull back, but Malfoy held on and gave her a genuine frown. "Honestly, Granger. If all you want to do is sleep, then all we will do is sleep. Sometimes I just like to have someone to hold." He told her, his voice genuine and causing her to pause for a moment. Bad idea, Granger. Bad idea. Abort. Abort. Red Light. DONT DO IT. " Just sleeping?" He smiled. "Just sleeping." You are a blooming idiot.