into your mashed potatoes." Gemini shook her head. No, she wanted to finish dinner. Alice groaned angrily. "Gemini Lyra Mason. You need your potion." Gemini swayed. She gritted her teeth. Remus glanced over from his place beside Bekah, looking at her with just as much worry. This caused the rest of the Marauders to look at her as well. "Bloody hell, I just want to eat." She hissed, finally dropping her head onto Alice's shoulder. The blonde girl sighed, patting her head. "I know, come on. Lets get you some medicine and get you to sleep." "You okay, Mason?" Black asked from the other side of Potter, who sat next to her. Alice glanced up at him. "She's having an episode." It was common knowledge around the entire school that Gemini Mason was narcoleptic. At random times throughout the day, if she didnt take a special potion, she would pass out, have muscle paralysis and some hallucinations- which was what she was having now, as she tried to fight it. "Mommy, stop it." She grumbled, her eyes almost closed. Her fork dropped, her hand unable to hold it anymore. "Stop, I dont want to go." Alice and Bekah sighed, both getting up to help her out of the Great Hall. "Come on." Alice whispered, wrapping an arm around her. They stumbled out of the Great Hall without too many eyes on them, but the Marauders, however, watched as Gemini was dragged out of the hall, until they couldnt see her anymore. Alice and Bekah helped her up to the Hospital Wing, to where Madam Pomfrey, looked up and immediately grabbed a potion she always had on hand specifically for Gemini. "Place her over there." She sighed, walking over to the bed that the girls were placing their friend on. "She should have come sooner." The young woman grumbled, opening the now-asleep teenage girls mouth to pour the potion down her throat. Alice and Bekah stood to the side for a moment before the nurse nodded to them. "She will be fine. I will send her back when she wakes up." She said, pulling the blankets over the unconscious girl. Hesitating for a moment, the other two women nodded and left. An hour and a half later, Gemini padded through the portrait hole, carrying a box of potions that should last her the week. A number of people were scattered around the common room and she found Alice and Bekah already working on homework to the left side of the room. With a glance towards the warm fireplace (where she always wanted to sit, she was always cold), she found the Marauders, who had looked up upon her entry. She ignored them, walking purposefully up the stairs and to her dorm, placing the box of potions in her trunk and then laying down on her bed with Binx. He was a long haired, black cat with hazel eyes and he purred as she entered the room. He chirped as she sat on the bed and curled up against her side, as Gemini rolled to look out the window. She hated her disease. It was so unheard of in the Wizarding world to have a disease like that, but even with all of the magic they had, there was no cure for her Narcolepsy. She was given these potions every single day, something that helped her nerves so that she wouldnt fall asleep constantly. She usually would get a little tired during the day at some point, but that was the extent of her narcolepsy while on the potions. She sighed, absentmindedly petting her cat and letting her mind wander. It wasnt long after that the pecking on the window caused her to sit up, frown at the familiar snowy owl at the window and go to open it. She sighed at the handwriting on the letter that was addressed to her. Gemini, Your brother has informed us of your safe arrival to Hogwarts. We are very pleased that nothing has happened over the summer while you stayed with him . Your father and I ask, once again, that you reconsider coming home for the holidays. We are hosting the ball this year and there are many new people we would like you to meet with. I am hoping to find you a husband soon. Write back immediately. Mother Gemini scowled at the letter, rolling her eyes and ripped it apart. She stared at the snowy owl that was waiting patiently on the window sill and waved her hands at it. "Shoo! Im not writing to her!" She hissed. The owl pecked at her hands, but she ignored it until he finally flew off and she quickly shut the window again. She groaned, leaning back against the wall with a sigh. Her mother...that lovely woman. Oh, how she couldnt stand her. She shook her head, angrily yanking her broom from under her bed and stormed down the hallway and down the stairs. "Where are you going Mason? Its almost cur-" "Shut the bloody hell up, Evans. Im going to talk to McGonagall." "With your broom?" "Yes, you twit!" The common room went silent and Gemini stormed from the room, slamming the portrait door on her way out. Gemini didnt stop to talk to McGonagall. She stormed angrily up to the Astronomy tower and stood on the very edge for a few moments, over looking the black lake and the darkened forest. Her back was stiff and her fingers tight around the handle of the broom. Her emerald eyes stared off into the distance, trying to calm her shaking hands. Taking a steady breath, Gemini mounted her broom, pushed off and flew. Hi ya'll. Im so glad that I finally put this up. I have always wanted to write a story about a witch with a muggle disease, and I find narcolepsy so interesting (since I just figured out I might have it). I really hope you all like it. Please review! R.C.M