arms wrapping around his back and holding him closely. Breaking the kiss, Cho looked up at him and whispered, "I'm ready, Harry, take my arse, make it yours!" Harry smiled and kissed her quickly, before reaching out and concentrating, summoning his wand from where his clothing was piled by his locker. When his wand was in his hand, he lifted Cho's legs up and placed the tip at her hole, casting the preparation spell. Cho looked up at him curiously as the spell did its work. "What was that, Harry, it felt... strange?" "I told you that I knew how to get you ready. The spell cleaned you completely out and stretched you. The strange sensation was your inside being coated with lubricant. From what Parvati told me, it completely removed any pain. I would never let you be hurt if I could help it. You should know that by now, even in something as minor as this." She looked a little embarrassed, and nodded, "You're right, you wouldn't, would you? You proved that by stepping in front of Draco's curs that night. But we can talk about that later. Right now I want you to slide that beautiful cock of yours up my virgin arse! I've been thinking about it for days now and I'm ready to feel you buried inside me, please, Harry?" Harry didn't say anything but he leaned forward, pushing her legs back toward her shoulders and rubbed his cock along the cleft in her arse. When the head was pressed against her rosebud, he pushed forward slowly, stretching her around him. Cho breathed in sharply and let it out slowly and he felt her relax against him as he slipped inside her ring. Shifting his hand, he started fingering her pussy, letting a trickle of magic tickle her inner walls, relaxing her further. Holding still, he looked in her eyes, searching for any discomfort at all and, not seeing any, pushed forward, feeling her walls stretching around him. He moved slowly at first, letting her adjust to the feelings and concentrating on not losing control of himself as the heat and the pressure was amazing around his cock. When he was fully inside her, the sensations were almost overwhelming but he managed to gather himself and asked, "How does it feel, Cho? Am I hurting you?" She looked up in surprise, "Feels... weird, very... full, I guess, is the best way to describe it, but it didn't hurt at all!" "Good," he breathed, "are you ready for more?" She nodded and he let out his breath and pulled back slightly before pushing back in. He kept his strokes short until Cho started moving against him, the pleasure building inside her. He hadn't been lying when he told Cho that he wasn't going to hurt her. Parvati had been his first lover and she had taught him the preparation spell the night she offered him her arse and she hadn't experienced anything but pleasure from the experience. He really hoped that Cho had an idea for getting Parvati and Padma out of the contract because he really didn't want to see her trapped in a marriage that made her unhappy. But that was a thought for later! Now, Cho deserved all of his attention. He lowered himself until he was almost on top of her, kissing her fiercely, claiming her mouth as he kept pumping into her. He could tell almost instantly when the strangeness she was feeling turned completely to pleasure. Her hands had moved from his back to grip his head and she kissed him back passionately and her magic was wrapping around him, mixing with his own, and feeding him the feelings of pleasure she was experiencing. He was almost overwhelmed even though he'd experienced it before, and sent the feelings of pleasure and love for her that he held into his magic as it wrapped around Cho's magic. Cho gasped as the feelings washed over her and she pulled her head back, moaning as another, even stronger orgasm hit her. Feeling Cho's release triggered his own and Harry buried himself in her arse and let his own control go, flooding her with his cum. They clung to each other for several moments, catching their breath, and Cho smiled up at him, "Wow! Just wow! That was nothing like I expected and feeling your love at the end? That just made it even better. I'm going to want to do that again!" Harry chuckled tiredly, "Me too, but can you give me a few minutes? I'm not quite ready to go again." She looked up at him and started laughing, "Not right now, you prat! I need a shower and you could probably use one too, and I'm starving. Let's get cleaned up and get some dinner." The two of them had gotten cleaned up and dressed, with a lot of touching and kissing in between, and had finally left the locker room. Neither of them noticed that the door to the Captain's office was slightly ajar, or the silencing spell that had been cast on the door, they were way too wrapped up in each other. When the locker room door closed behind them, the door to the Captain's office opened; and the flushed face of Katie Bell looked out, making sure the room really was empty. Stepping back into the office, she took several deep breaths and licked her juices off her wet fingers before pulling her knickers up and putting the rest of her clothes on. "Bloody hell, that was amazing! I wonder if Cho is willing to share?" With a giggle, she cast a quick freshening charm on herself and her clothes and headed for the door. "Ang and Alicia are never going to believe this!" Shutting out the lights, Katie locked the door behind her and headed for the castle, careful to take a different route than the one she could see Harry and Cho taking. The End