the room he suddenly found himself standing in, the cramped and cluttered room without any windows but still filled with more warmth and light than he had known. The warmth! He had forgotten that too, the feeling of being frozen and chilled so that your skin was freckled with goosebumps. And to feel so hot that a thick layer of sweat would coat your brow, and the smallest article of clothing felt suffocating. He felt so alive, so marvelously human- a feeling he did not think he would cherish but oh how he did! He would never underestimate this, this feeling of being such a limited, and mortal human. Because he was alive! Tom Riddle pressed a hand to his chest, gently caressing the soft fabric of the wool jumper, and sighed in contentedness as he felt his heart pulse below his splayed fingers. His chest rose with each inhalation, and fell with each exhalation, and his nostrils flared. It was overwhelming, to have existed in sensory deprivation for so long, to suddenly be filled with it, engulfed in the world he had left beyond. Slowly, when his heartbeat began to settle, he allowed himself to look around, to study the room he had gloriously materialized in. There was a desk in the center of it, though it was less of a desk and more of shelf. There were various books and parchments littering the surface, and only a small square directly in front of the chair that was clear. There was a half empty vial of a green potion among the mess, and some quills, but other than that, nothing of real interest. Walking pass, he turned to his side at the soft sound of breathing. A young woman was sleeping on the couch shoved between two bookshelves- there were more bookshelves than walls in this room- and her long brown hair spilled over the side of the sofa in messy, frizzy curls. She was pretty, with pale skin that glowed in the candlelight, and a dusting of freckles over her nose and the top of her cheeks. This must be her, the one and only witch he had spoken to in a decade, since his diary had fallen into the hands of Ginny Weasley, and then Harry Potter. This was Hermione Granger. He smiled down at her, his cheeks feeling unnaturally stiff as they pulled taut with it. Where there was a witch, there was a wand. Being ever so careful to not disturb her, knowing the longer she slept the better, he began shuffling around her, reaching out with gentle hands. Long, tapered fingers grazed over her sleeping form, searching for any pocket she may keep a wand in. He finally found it, tucked into her back pocket with the handle poking out. Of all the sensations he felt recently, that was the best. To wrap his fingers around the hilt of a wand, to feel the core of it tap into his own magic, even if it did resist a little to him. He was not its master, and it seemed to sense this, vibrating in his palm in protest. But it would obey him nonetheless, least long enough for it to do what he required of it. He was startled from his thoughts by the sound of a loud gasp, of springs creaking loudly as weight shifted. Looking up from the wand in his hand, he met the wide and frightened eyes of Hermione Granger, a honey-colored brown with flecks of gold. Her mouth was slacked open, and he could see her nostrils flare as she attempted to control her breathing, to not look quite as afraid as he was certain she felt. "Who are you? What are you doing with my wand? This is a private office," she said, all of it in one rushed voice so the words sounded strung together. She was standing now, moving closer to him with her chin raised and her hands balled into fists at her side. Her hair seemed to spark with her rage, her mortification at having been walked in on so rudely, and he could feel the magic coming from her, felt the wand in his hand fight against him and yearn to be with its rightful owner. Instead, he trained it on her, the tip of it resting just above her collarbone, where the dip of it left a soft square of skin. "You don't remember me, Miss Granger? You seemed to know who I was when you were writing to me in my diary," he said, his voice low and threatening. He could see the exact moment when realization snapped into her, when her eyes widened even more and her slim eyebrows rose to her hairline. She shook her head, the curls swaying around her. "No. That's impossible, the horcrux was destroyed!" she said, her voice wavering over the words, betraying her confidence. He did not know who she thought she was convincing, him or herself, but she looked around her, bewildered, before he eyes settled on something behind him. And then she dove, agile and quick with reflexes he would not admit to being impressed by, and she grabbed hold of one of the many candelabras around the space. Her hand gripped tight around the tarnished brass base of it, and then rose it high above her head, bringing it back down in one quick movement. But Tom sidestepped away from her, chuckling tauntingly as he never once moved the wand from its fixated point on her. "Brightest witch of her age and doesn't even use wandless magic? Are you a witch or not?" he jeered at her, his upper lip rising in a snarl. Before she could react, he yelled out, his voice booming in the room, "AVADA KEDAVRA!" -xXx- Author's Note: Follow me on Tumblr for answers to questions, requests, and sneak peaks to various works of mine, at reneehartblog dot tumblr dot com. I hope you all enjoyed this.