Harry Potter was facing a basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets, though this time, he didn't have a phoenix on hand to instantly heal any wounds he or his friends would take. His only plan, the rooster, wasn't working out, because it saw no reason to crow, and his friends were to scared to move. Harry guessed that there was more than one way to be petrified by the giant snake. Harry also knew that they didn't have a back up plan; if that rooster didn't crow, they would likely all die here. No one would know where to look, as Harry had only told Hermione that he was going to have a potentially difficult (and loud) conversation with the Weasleys and wanted a way to keep people from overhearing it. They wouldn't show up on the Marauders' Map. It would take some time for them to be missed, and unless Myrtle started telling people (or a more responsible ghost, like Sir Nicholas) where they went, they'd have to wait until someone stumbled into Myrtle's bathroom to find the open entrance to the Chambers of Secrets. This would potentially lead to more deaths, as the uncontrolled basilisk would roam around, looking for its next meal. No, they had to make that rooster crow! Harry began walking, slowly, ever so slowly, towards his friends, hoping to not draw attention to himself. His aim was to be the one to provoke the rooster squawk, screech, caw, anything to kill that basilisk. Since his friends couldn't do it, he'd have to do it himself. "Well, no change there" Harry thought to himself. Rupert the Basilisk was actually quite the jolly fellow. While he and the other basilisk (named Dewdrop because their first master, Mr. Slytherin, was a very strange man) were trapped in their stasis for centuries at a time, he would always try think up some sort of joke he could play on whoever summoned him next. Once, he and Dewdrop pretended to be completely blind. They had nearly killed that particular Master when they both opened their eyes at the same time. That had been great. Another time, he had pretended to actually be afraid of his fellow basilisk! That had been perfect. The Master had thought that a basilisk would kill another basilisk if they looked at each other. How preposterous! If that were true, basilisks would petrify themselves if they ever saw their reflection. The masters could be so silly sometimes. This time, Rupert planned to tell the Master that the only way he would do his bidding would be if he was given the Master's mate as a meal. He'd let the Master think he was serious until the Master actually brought his mate to be eaten, then Rupert would start laughing and truthfully tell the Master that humans give him indigestion. The look on the Master's face would be fantastic! As he made his way out of the ridiculous statue, Rupert began preparing exactly how he was going to inform the Master about his "condition." He was looking forward to it! Mr. Chicken, however, was also looking forward to it. He saw the basilisk descending from the statue and thought "I shall sing him the song of my people! It shall be a great first step in our friendship." Without waiting another second, he let loose his best crow to impress this new friend. "COCK-A-DOODLE-DOO!" The basilisk died almost immediately, going limp the moment the song reached it. Its last thought was "That guy sounded quite friendly; I bet I'd like him. And so would Hazel. " The humans in the group were so relieved, their knees stopped working and they collapsed to the ground. It took them several minutes of silence before they were able to ride out their adrenaline, fear, shock, panic, and other feelings and endorphins that had simply overwhelmed them. One they had, Ron noted something they really should have thought of before they went down the slide into the Chamber. "Hey, how are we getting back up?" *Sigh* "I can't believe we were that stupid." "I know, Ginny. I know. Let's walk into the entrance chamber before I do anything about that. Ah, he we are. ACCIO FIREBOLT!" Fortunately, it was, by now, late enough that the Firebolt didn't manage to do much other than annoying the Fat Lady by waking her up from her nap as it forced her portrait open. As the trio waited for the Firebolt to reach them, they all came to the conclusion that the Chamber of Secrets should remain a secret. Just in case there was another horror somewhere in there. By then, the Firebolt had reached them. They all awkwardly climbed on, rising ever so slowly up into Myrtle's bathroom. Once there, they ducked under the cloak, made it back to their dorm, and went to bed. They all vowed to never speak of this again. The next day, Harry decided to ask Dobby if he knew any secret places in the castle. AN: And Th-Th-Th-That's All Folks! I got this idea after I read one of the fics where there is one or more other basilisks in the Chamber of Secrets after Harry decide to go back down there, for some reason. The initial idea was just of someone summoning a rooster to them as it floated through the hall. The title of the chapter is a reference to an old Don Knotts movie. Toodle-oo! *Moaning Myrtle's bathroom apparently moves, as Harry notes it as being one floor above where Hermione says it is (according to the wiki), but since the books say it's on the second floor twice (Harry runs up two floors to get to it from the Entrance Hall and in Goblet of Fire it says Myrtle's Bathroom is on the second floor), I'll go with that. **That's a reference to a specific version of the parody "Ghost Chickens in the Sky" by Leroy Troy. It's on YouTube and fairly entertaining.