been sore about it, and was still sore about it, because he wasn't able to provide for his girlfriend in the same way that his best friend could. Hermione had tried to explain that Harry was doing his part as her friend while she stayed in London for her apprenticeship, and that he, Ron, was able to offer her something more that Harry could not. Ron had not immediately caught on to her meaning but when it finally dawned on him he had merely scoffed at her and questioned what kind of relationship they were in if she was living in London full time, committed to an apprenticeship, and he was at home with nothing to do. Hermione had offered for Ron to stay with her but he didn't want that. He wanted Hermione at the Burrow with him. He asked why she had to do this apprenticeship now, and what would she get out of it when it ended and decided it wasn't for her. Hermione had then made the mistake of bringing up Snape and trying to explain that Harry had made her promise to stay with him. That had led to their first fight only two days ago. Ron's angry voice still rang in her head as she put together a small dinner of leftover chicken and cooked vegetables from the previous evening. After a year of being on the run she didn't have much of an appetite anymore. They had all lost weight, Harry having pointed hers out only the other day when he noticed how loose her clothes appeared on her. Hermione had been slender her entire life and therefore had not noticed the change. She had acknowledged her friend's comment and simply used a size-adjustment spell on her clothes to make them fit better. She ate most of her dinner as she poured over some of her books on healing, focusing on serpent bites and known antidotes to see if there was maybe a combination of a few that could be made in order to produce a more effective result of toxin counteraction. Hermione didn't remember falling asleep, but she assumed she must have when she felt someone shaking her. "Hermione, wake up." She blinked a few times and picked her head up off of her arms. She had fallen asleep at the kitchen table on top of the last book she had been reading, Antidotes and Antitoxins: A Guide to Healing Venomous Bites and Stings . "Late night?" Harry asked as she sat up, rubbing her eyes. "I guess so." Hermione responded through a yawn. She closed the book and watched her friend move around the kitchen as he made tea. "What time is it?" "Almost seven. I wanted to come by and see how you were. How's Snape doing?" "Much improved. You should come in and see him. Explain some things." "I plan to in a few days. Any word on how long he's going to be in St. Mungo's?" "The Healer-in-Charge believes he will be recovered enough to leave in about another week or so, but he would still need to be on bed rest for at least two more weeks after that while he continues to heal and regain his strength." "Does he have anywhere to go, or anyone to take care of him for that matter?" Harry set the fresh pot of tea between them at the table and sat. He poured two cups and handed one to Hermione. "Thank you." Hermione took the proffered cup and blew on it for moment before taking a sip. She set it down and looked at her friend. "Not that I'm aware of, so he would probably have to stay at St. Mungo's until he can leave on his own." Hermione watched her friend think as he sipped his tea. "He won't want to do that. He's too independent. You wouldn't want to do that." "Not when I know I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself. But he wouldn't be. He'll still need a constant supply of potions for some time after he's released." They were silent for a minute and Hermione finished her first cup and poured herself a second. There was only one solution she could think of. "What about bringing him here?" Harry asked. Hermione looked up at him in shock. That was what she had been thinking, but imagining Ron's reaction had kept her from voicing it. "Not the best idea, I know." Harry stated when he saw her expression. "No, I mean, it's a fine idea. I was thinking the same thing. I just...what about Ron?" She circled her finger around the rim of her teacup in thought. Harry poured himself a second cup of tea as well. "I'll talk to him. Try to make him understand." "Maybe we should both talk to him. I'm more than willing to do whatever has to be done to help." "Yes, but you shouldn't have to sacrifice your relationship in order to do it." "If Ron doesn't want to understand what it is we're trying to do then he would be the one sacrificing our relationship. Not me. It's not like I plan on falling in love with Snape." Harry smirked over the rim of his teacup at her. "Yes, because that would just be the epitome of weird." Hermione smiled back, her finger still circling the rim of her cup. She bit her lower lip in thought. Harry was right, falling in love with her former professor would be weird. But she did care about him, or at least she cared about what would happen to him. So she made up her mind, and one way or the other, Ron was just going to have to accept it. Once Snape was released from St. Mungo's she would bring him here for the remainder of his recovery time. And then he would be gone from their lives. And she and Ron could continue on where they had left off.