However, even though he did keep his long, black hair clean and combed, his hair always appeared to be greasy. This was due to the fact that his hair was so straight, that he had to use liberal amounts of hair product in it to keep it out of his eyes. At the sound of the throat clearing next to him, he looked over. A short, squat man in judges robes and white powdered wig was now in the frame and waiting for Severus to notice him. As soon as Severus looked over, the man again cleared his throat, then said, "The minister is ready to see you now." Then, the man walked out of the frame. Severus walked over to the minister's door and knocked. When he was told to enter, he turned the knob, walked in and shut the door behind him. He stood there, quietly waiting for the minister to speak to him. Cornelius Fudge was a short, stout man who tended to wear green suit and tie with a white shirt. On his head was a green bowler hat, which he wore to hide the fact that his brown hair was receding in the front. His blue eyes studied Snape for a few minutes before he spoke. " What can I do for you, Severus?" the minister asked. Severus thought for a few seconds before responding. "Mr. Fudge, I came here for a few reasons. First and foremost, I have copies of the wills of James and Lily Potter. They entrusted them to me to hand over in the event of their deaths. In them, you will see that Sirius Black has been named as godfather of their son, Harry Potter, in the event of their deaths. If he is unable to take care of Harry, whether due to death or any other circumstances, then I am to be allowed to take his place." "Oh, dear!", exclaimed Cornelius, "I'm afraid that I have some news on that matter. You see, Sirius Black was arrested yesterday afternoon, and has already been sent to Azkaban Prison. Also, young Harry was sent to his aunt and uncle last night for his protection. Dumbledore has set charms around him, you see." "What was Sirius arrested for? What were his charges? And why was there no announcement about his trial?" yelled Severus. Cornelius looked a little taken aback by Severus' vehemence. "Well, as for the reason for his arrest and the charges, Sirius was arrested by the aurors for the murders of Peter Pettigrew and a dozen muggles, who were innocent bystanders on a street that he blew up yesterday afternoon. He was also charged for providing the location of the Potters' location to You-Know-Who, resulting in their deaths. Because his guilt in the death of Pettigrew was so obvious, there was no trial. He was taken straight to Azkaban Prison from the place that he was arrested." "So, presumed guilty on all charges, without any questions or trial, in other words?" "My dear fellow, think about it. Sirius was standing on the sidewalk across the street from the spot that a big hole had been blown in the road! There were bodies and body parts everywhere! He was laughing about it! He even handed over his wand, and allowed himself to be led away while still laughing! Would you have taken him to the courtrooms, or would you have saved everyone's time by just taking him to Azkaban?" "What about the other charges? The ones where he is charged with the Potters' deaths?" Cornelius tried to calm himself down. He was not used to being questioned about his decisions made this way. "I was told that Sirius was made the secret keeper of the Potters' location. For this reason, the only way that You-Know-Who would have been able to find them, is if Sirius himself told him!" "Who told you that Sirius Black was the secret keeper? Their secret keeper was Peter Pettigrew, not Sirius! Sirius was only in hiding, matter of fact, staying very close to my location, so that he could throw the scent off Pettigrew being their secret keeper!" "Oh. That's too bad, then. The person who told me it was Sirius was Albus Dumbledore. He also told me that veritaserum would be no good against Sirius, therefore not to even try it." Severus' eyes narrowed. "You mean to tell me, that not only did Dumbledore make sure that Sirius would not go to trial, but he also has control over what happens to the Potters' son, and where he goes? That even that will, which will tell everyone the truth, is no good, because Dumbledore has decided what is going to happen, no matter what? Who is the Minister of Magic here? Is it Cornelius Fudge? Or is it Albus Dumbledore?" With that last question, Severus Snape slammed the door open using his wand and stormed out of the office, slamming the door shut behind him. Cornelius sank into his office chair and covered his face with his hands. After a few minutes, he picked up his quill and got out a fresh piece of parchment. "Dear Albus" he wrote. "Severus was just here, just like you said he would be. He has been told about Sirius Black and Harry Potter just as you told me to. He also brought me copies of James Potter's and Lily Evans Potter's will. I will be hiding them, just as instructed. No one will know that Sirius was innocent of all the charges brought against him. I just hope that we are doing the right thing. Sincerely, Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic." Then he went to his owl, handed it the letter, told it the letter was for Albus Dumbledore and opened the window for it. As he sat down at his desk once more to get to work, he thought to himself, "I hope that Harry Potter will be alright, otherwise this will mean more than my job."