it merge in with her surroundings. "Sparky, your tur-…Sparky, Sparky, where are you?" "I'm right beside you, missus," the house-elf replied quietly and then fell silent, just as the two Death Eaters appeared from behind a set of trees. "They're somewhere here," Dolohov stated darkly, his foul eyes scanning the area before him, "I heard voices just now." "Ya reckon?" "Yes, Avery, I reckon," Dolohov spat back. "Find them!" Hermione's breathing quickened as she retreated back several steps while Dolohov and Avery came forward, their eyes spinning all around them in dizzying proportions, looking for signs of where Hermione and Sparky could have made off to. A few moments later, she collided into Charlie's form, making him emit a small, "Ompf," which thankfully when unnoticed by the searching Death Eaters. Hoping upon all hope that Sparky was still beside her, Hermione reached down to grab Charlie's hand. Taking hold of it, she squeezed it and waited for him to squeeze back. Once he did so, she led him around the tree he was by and whispered as noiselessly as was possible, "Use your wand." With the tree acting as a barricade between the two separate parties, Hermione mustered her courage, and pointed Bellatrix's wand at Dolohov. Before she could hit him with a spell, however, Avery's wand arm was abruptly blasted clean off his body, it being departed yards from him. He screamed loudly in agonizing pain, causing Dolohov to whip towards him. Hermione cast a Silencing charm on Avery, who was now staggering around awkwardly as if he had no balance about him, while dark, red blood spurted from his open shoulder like a fountain of water. She next aimed a spell at Dolohov, hitting him square in the back with a red jet of light, stunning him as he fell face-forward onto the ground; she repeated this with Avery, causing him to collapse within an underbrush. Hermione then came out from behind the tree she and Charlie took refuge from and bore witness to a gory scene: A lake of blood had since formed from Avery's incapacitated body (his arm was twitching nearby as if it was being tortured), as his and Dolohov's ignited wand tips glistened over its runny surface. She stared down at the fallen Death Eaters as her stomach twisted unpleasantly; she felt as if she was going to be sick. Both were unmoving, resembling that of dead, shadowy corpses that had been ungraciously discarded under the cover of the night. "Charlie," Hermione choked out after a long moment, looking at Avery's still-convulsing arm, "you could've killed him." "Better him than us," he replied acrimoniously, coming to stand next to her, "besides, he's nearly gone already…he's lost too much blood." "Why did you do that," she questioned quietly, still in a state of alarm. "Dunno if you noticed but I'm positive those bloody Death Eaters weren't going to take us alive, especially you." "What do you mean, 'me'," Hermione inquired. "Your name's been all over the papers for the better part of a year," he answered, "yours, Ron's, and Harry's – you're all wanted." Hermione sighed out grotesquely, seeming unable to take her eyes off of the bloody episode before her. "Is missus alright," came Sparky's voice from feet in front of her; she still couldn't see the house-elf or Charlie as the trio was still under the Disillusionment charm. "I'll be fine, Sparky," she said. "You aren't hurt, are you?" "Sparky is okay missus, don't worry about him." "Charlie, what do you think we should-," however, a terrible, high-pitched scream was then heard coming from their right, the sound being so terrible that it sent a shiver down Hermione's spine, making her shudder. "We should go," Charlie phrased urgently. "We can't leave! We have to go and help," Hermione nearly yelled in an incredulous manner, in disbelief that Charlie would want to abandon the voice that called for assistance. "That's what I meant, we have to help," he raged back. "Break their wands," he then ordered in a calmer manner, "so that the one Death Eater that was stunned won't be able to use them when he comes to." "No! We should take them instead," Hermione regaled, thinking upon the time when she and Harry had to share her wand after his had been badly damaged from her Blasting curse back in Godric's Hollow. " Accio ," she said, pointing to each wand in turn, catching them, and putting them inside her beaded bag. Next, she bound Death Eater Dolohov in thick ropes (Sparky confirmed Avery had ceased breathing) and put a Silencing charm on him so that he couldn't call for help. "Come on," she then remarked. "Wait, Hermione," Charlie called, as she turned towards the sound of his voice. "I think it would be better if we took off the Disillusionment charm for now so that we don't run into each other or anything, don't you think?" The same ear-splitting yell filled the air once again. "Yes, yes, alright, that would probably be better anyway," she conceded hurriedly. She tapped Bellatrix's wand over her head, feeling a warm, trickling sensation race down her body. "Charlie, where exactly are you?" "I'm here," came his voice from right beside her. She turned to her right and rapped him over the head, as a second later, his appearance came back into form. "Sparky, are you still here," Hermione questioned, looking around her. "Yes, missus, Sparky is still here," he answered, materializing right in front of her. "Okay, then, let's go." With that, the trio made up of Hermione, Charlie, and Sparky the house-elf raced forward just as the same hair-raising shriek filled the air for the third time. Screaming … fire … pain . Screaming … fire … pain . Screaming … fire … pain … A/N: As the pairing indicates, this will be a Charlie/Hermione story, with both action and romance taking part. Please let me know what you guys think! Thanks for reading.