rounds, and we saw a light through the window. We thought it was students sneaking out of bed, so… we came to investigate." She felt bad omitting the green lantern bit, but thought it was unimportant anyway. "And?" Clearwater prompted. "What did you see?" "There was someone," Larry continued, "going through Professor Longbottom's desk. We couldn't see who it was, they were wearing a hood." The teachers exchanged worried glances. "We tried to stop them, but… the Venomous Tentacula got us," Larry admitted. Clearwater shot Longbottom a glare. "My office is not meant for students to wander in," he said defensively. "And yet, two of mine almost died because of the inappropriately dangerous plants you keep in there!" she returned angrily. "My plants," Longbottom said hotly, "are locked behind spells! And they…" His voice softened a bit as he glanced at the charred remnants of his office. "They're mostly gone now." The sorrow in his voice was heartbreaking. "I'm sorry, buddy," Smith said, patting his shoulder. "Ah… Professor?" Larry said, stepping towards Longbottom. "I… I did save one." He held up the cactus. Professor Longbottom's eyes moved to the plant, and Rose could swear she could see tears in them. "My Mimbulus Mimbletonia," Longbottom said gently, taking the pot as if it were a wounded animal. "How…?" He looked to Larry, barely containing himself. "Thank you, Larry." He raised his hand to pet it, and the cactus made an odd crooning sound. "Fifty points to Ravenclaw." Professor McGonagall raised an eyebrow. "Fifty? For saving a cactus?" Longbottom threw her an incredulous look, making Smith try to stifle snort. "For preserving a valuable specimen! And," his gaze moved to Larry, his mouth stretching into a grateful smile, "a precious personal possession." Larry happily returned the smile, blushing slightly. "I think we can all agree that some points are merited here," Smith said, glancing at Rose. "Ten points to Miss Waltz for the speedy warning." "Not that I want to stop you from giving my House more points," Clearwater cut in, "but these two need to get some sleep. Now," she turned towards the prefects, "is there anything more you want to add before I send you off to bed?" Rose shook her head, but Larry nodded. "Oh, yes! I almost forgot." He rummaged through his robes, producing an odd metal cylinder. "I tripped on this. I think the cloaked person dropped it." Professor Clearwater's face suddenly gained a worried look, reflected by the other teachers. "Junk," she declared firmly. "But, Professor…" "I'll get rid of it," she said, snatching it from Larry's hand. "Now, if that's everything…?" "Yes," McGonagall said. "Take these two to Ravenclaw Tower. They have earned some rest." Professor Clearwater gathered them up and led them towards the castle, while the other teachers returned their attention to the burned office. If she had to be honest, Rose was happy to be heading up to bed – she was so tired it was a wonder she hadn't fallen asleep on her feet yet. The trek up to the Tower only served to strengthen that feeling, leaving her out of breath again. She didn't even pay attention to the knocker's riddle, or the answer Clearwater gave. It was only after the teacher left and Larry was about to head up that she spoke again. "Larry?" He stopped halfway up the staircase. "I…" She looked away in shame. "I'm sorry that I left. When you were trying to put out the fire." He stared at her in confusion. "You went to get Smith, didn't you? It's not like you were drinking tea with the House Elves." She shook her head. "But I should have stayed with you. I should have helped you, I just…" Her voice grew quieter. "I was too scared." Larry came back down the stairs. "From the fire?" Rose shook her head again, and her gaze finally met his. "From the water." His eyes widened in realisation. "Water! I'd forgotten… Rose, I'm so sorry. I wouldn't' have… I would never ask you to…" "You were trying to save the greenhouse," she interrupted. "And I wanted to help, I really did, but… I couldn't. So I went to get the teachers instead." He reached for her hand. "It was the right thing to do. The fire was burning too intensely, I just wanted to save the plants… You were right, I don't know what I was thinking. I should have been smarter about this." His fingers gave hers a light squeeze. "Telling the teachers was smart." His words made her feel better, and she gave him a slight smile. "I guess… Did it seem odd to you that they wanted to get rid of the cylinder? I mean, it was a huge clue, and now we'll never know what it was." "Well." Larry grinned. "I don't really like the sound of the word 'never'." He let go of her and reached into his robes, pulling out the strange object. "How about 'now'?" Rose gasped and took the cylinder in her hands. "How did you get this? I thought Clearwater had it." "She did," he said. "But I don't like it when people take things away from me for no reason. So I took it back." Rose shot him a reprimanding look, but her attention quickly returned to the object. It was black, seemingly made of metal, with holes spaced out through it in equal intervals. "Do you know what it is?" He shook his head. "No idea. Do you?" "No…" she drawled thoughtfully, turning it in her hands. "But I can at least find out what metal this is. Do you mind if I keep it overnight?" "No," he said, "but get some rest tonight. Mystery-solving can wait until morning." Rose was about to protest, but she could feel a yawn coming. "Good point. See you tomorrow?" Larry nodded. "Tomorrow. Goodnight, Rose." "Goodnight." And with that they both headed up to their respective dormitories for some way overdue sleep.