dignity she had. Snape put a hand on her shoulder to stop her. "What you did to him was not punishment, Dursley. It was abuse. Punishment would be making him weed the garden, or scrub the floors when he did something wrong. Whipping him with a belt and hitting and kicking him until his ribs were purple was not punishment. Not only that, but you seemed to do it just for fun. I know Potter can be troublesome, but not nearly as often as you seem to have beaten him. And as troublesome as Potter can be, he most certainly does not deserve what you have done to him. You appall me." Snape explained, cold fury etched into the words. Both Dursleys went white with fear when McGonagall advanced on them, and Petunia still hadn't seemed to recover. Vernon, however, had. "You listen here, you greasy git, you have no idea how it is around here, so you have no idea what that freak deserves…" he started to argue. "I wouldn't care if he had burned this goddamn house down, Dursley, that doesn't warrant him being beaten to a pulp every other day!" Snape yelled, losing his cold demeanor. Everyone was surprised that Sirius hadn't done something yet. But they were soon appeased. Both Sirius and Remus stepped forward after Snape's rant. Sirius was shaking, and Remus looked inches from cursing the Dursleys. "You foul, horrendous, repulsive muggles," Remus growled. Everyone was shocked to see him like this. He always tried to hide his inner wolf, but it seemed to be coming out full force now. I was a little shocking, to say the least, to see Remus angry. He was always so calm, but not now. "How dare you hurt Harry, after all he's already been through." He seemed on the verge of whipping his wand out like McGonagall had. "You're disgusting, and deserve to rot in hell." Sirius just growled, unable to speak without shooting Avada Kedavra at the pair. Remus placed a hand on his shoulder to calm him down, pulling him back behind Dumbledore. Now, Dumbledore spoke. "They've all pretty much summed it up. While I would love to let them loose on you, I would rather like to keep them out of Azkaban, and place you there. Since I doubt you could cause much damage to Harry, Petunia, you will be able to stay and care for your son. You however," he glared at Vernon, "Will be going in front of the wizarding courts to face punishment for your crimes. I have an Auror on his way to escort you. You're lucky wizards don't resort to your type of punishment, you appalling piece of filth. I hope you rot in a cell in Azkaban for the rest of your life." Dumbledore turned and walked out of the room, walking back in a moment later followed by Kingsley Shacklebolt. "I'm here to escort you to the Ministry of Magic for the crime of abusing a magical child under your care, Dursley." Kingsley snapped in his deep, booming voice. Vernon seemed unable to speak for a moment, but he eventually found his voice. "Oh, you have, have you? Well let me tell you…" Vernon started to argue, pointing his figure accusingly at Kingsley. Kingsley idly waved his wand, casting a silencing spell on Vernon. Dumbledore stepped forward. "Let me just say, Dursley, that if I wasn't afraid I might lose control and permanently harm, maim, or even kill you, I would take care of you myself. As it is, I nearly blew up my office today when I found out, and I don't wish to lose my job or my freedom by doing the same to you. But be warned; if I ever find out you have harmed another person, there will be repercussions outside of legal bounds. I am a very powerful man, and I will unleash my power if I must, if it will stop you from hurting another as you have hurt Harry. Kingsley." Dumbledore motioned for Kingsley to get Vernon, and he made his way outside, followed by the rest of the group. Without waiting to see if Vernon put up a fight, the Disapparated one by one back to the Hog's Head. The walk back to Dumbledore's office was silent. ….. "Harry, could I have a word?" Arthur poked his head into Ron's room, to see Harry and Ron in the middle of a game of wizard's chess. "Of course, Mr. Weasley. I'll be back in a moment, Ron." Harry stood and followed Arthur outside. They stopped under the crabapple tree. "Harry, I would like to…apologize. I should have seen something, or otherwise realized you were being harmed. I wish I could have helped you sooner." Arthur said sadly. "It's all right, sir. I was making sure none of you found out. I was trying to keep everyone safe. It really wasn't all that bad." Harry replied. "Harry, your entire ribcage was purple a week after you left there. That in itself shows that it was bad." Arthur argued. He sighed. "I just wanted to say that you can tell me anything, Harry. If anything is happening at all, whether in school or outside of it, you can talk to me. I may have seven biological children, but since I met you, I've realized I really have eight. Seven redheads and one black haired, green eyed boy." Arthur smiled. "I'm sorry this happened to you." He reached out and ruffled Harry's hair. Harry grinned, leaning forward and hugging Arthur tightly. "Thank you, sir. That means a lot to me. I never had a family until I met you guys. I now realize that I've had a family since I became friends with Ron first year. I know I'll always have you guys, and I can never thank you enough for that." Harry said. Arthur's heart warmed, and he hugged Harry back just as tightly. Harry would always be the eighth Weasley child.