has been, far too important to me, and has been since we were eleven years old and I saved her life in a girls bathroom! I'm not too concerned about Ron, he's shown himself to be less than a good friend several times over the years, and he's no longer worth the time I've spent keeping the friendship going. And, Hermione, if you are truly serious about being free and clear of Ron, I may have a solution to your situation. It's not something I'm willing to put in this note, but we can discuss it tomorrow. Fleur, Bill, thank you for your support, and know that House Potter, such as it at the moment, considers both of you friends, and if there is anything I can do for you, please let me know. Til Tomorrow Harry" Astoria had been reading over his shoulder and said, "Are you planning on using the Life Debt that Hermione owes you?" "If she's willing, then yes I am, and, truthfully, I'm fairly certain she'll jump at the idea, and then jump me!" "It sounds like you have intimate knowledge of her, My Lord, do you have stories you'd like to tell?" she asked with a grin." He grinned back, "You could say that, she and I took each others' virginities during our time away during the war. In fact, other than my first threesome, she was all my firsts, the first girl I had sex with, my first blow-job, the first girl I buggered, and the first pussy I ever licked. She had even mentioned a possible threesome, but then the prat came back and things got real ugly, what with being captured by the Trappers, and then we just didn't have time to pick things up again." She hesitated for a second, before saying, "Excuse me asking, My Lord, but why didn't you marry her, instead of the dead fish? It sounds like the two of you were far more compatible than either of you are with the people you ended up marrying." He didn't say anything for a few minutes, before saying, "That's a complicated question, but I think I got caught up in Molly and Ginny's expectations, Molly had this really twisted idea for 'One Big Happy Weasley Family' where I would marry Ginny, Hermione would marry Ron, and we'd all live happily ever after under the direction of the world according to Molly. And both Hermione and I were just to worn out from the last seven years to even try to fight it, so we just went along." Harry continued talking, and she could tell he wasn't talking to her, just thinking out loud. "The more I think about it, something really doesn't seem right about the way both of us rushed into marriage. For Merlin's sake, I wasn't even 18 when I got married, and I wanted a family eventually, but I had planned on taking some time off and just enjoying myself! But other than a few months right after the war, when they were all still dealing with Fred's death, and Hermione's trip to Australia to get her parents, we seem to have been under their thumb ever since!" "It can't be potions," he mused, "I've been checking everything I didn't prepare myself, ever since that love potion mess Sixth year. Compulsion charms? That's a possibility." Turning to Astoria he said, "Can you check for any charms on me? There were plenty of times to place charms on me, and I didn't think to check." She nodded and hurried from the room, grabbing her wand. Returning to the kitchen, she scanned him, and with a frown, scanned him again. Shaking her head, she said, "I'm sorry, My Lord, but there are several different charms on you, but I don't recognize them. The only thing I can tell is, they are old, they've been there for a few years at least, and whoever put them on you was extremely powerful. I'd suggest asking Bill to scan you tomorrow, since he is a trained curse breaker, maybe he can tell you more." "Good idea, thank you!" Taking the letter back, he added a few more lines, "Bill: Can you check Hermione for any charms? I was just thinking about how out of character Hermione and I both were acting right after the war, and I had myself scanned. There are several charms on me that we can't identify, other than they are a few years old, and were put on by a powerful wizard. I don't know for certain who put them on me, but my prime suspect is Dumbledore, for reasons that I will explain to you tomorrow if you want. I think we will have a lot to talk about tomorrow, and if you don't mind, there is somebody I want to bring with me. She will be swearing an oath of loyalty so she won't be giving away our secrets." Tying the letter to the owl's leg, he watched it fly away before he looked at her and said, "Do you have clothing that will pass in the muggle world?" She looked at him curiously, but nodded and said, "I have a few things that I've worn out before, they should work." "Good, go get dressed, we are going to a place I know in London to do some shopping." He waited for a few seconds, and said, "I've decided that your throat would look much nicer with a collar!" He smirked as her eyes widened in shock before she shut them and leaned back in her chair, her nipples hard enough to cut glass. He let her ride out her climax before reaching out to pinch her nipple to get her attention, and sending her back to her room. As she got up from her now damp chair, he smacked her on the arse and said, "Leave the bra and knickers behind, you won't need them where we are going." End Chapter One