other, had been hurting, with him being none the wiser. He cared so much for Harry, seeing him like this made him feel as broken as he had when he lost all four of his best friends in one night, nearly fifteen years ago. Harry hung his head before replying. In the quietest voice Remus had ever heard, Harry said "Since…that night." Remus sighed. It had been over a month since Sirius died. It had been over a month that Harry had been slicing his own arms and wrists, desperate for something to relieve the pain of losing the closest thing he had to a father. And Remus had never known, never suspected. He felt a lone tear roll down his check. He gently reached out and cupped Harry's chin, lifting his face so they were making eye contact. "I'm so sorry, Harry." Harry was taken aback. "For what?" "I should have noticed. I should have done something. I should have checked to make sure you were okay. This wouldn't have gotten as far as it did if I would have made sure you were all right." He turned and looked up at the sky. If Harry hadn't had extremely well-trained ears, he wouldn't have caught the softly spoken words that issued from Remus's lips. "I have failed you." Harry wouldn't let this stand. "Stop." He commanded. Remus spun around and looked at Harry sadly. "I'm speaking the truth, Harry." Remus replied sadly. "No, you're not. Just moments ago, you were telling me that it wasn't my fault that Sirius died. That I didn't know that the vision was a trick, and there was no one to blame but Bellatrix for his death. You are essentially contradicting yourself, saying I'm not to blame for Sirius's death, yet you are to blame for…this." Harry motioned toward his arms. "The only person to blame for this is me. Stop saying it's your fault, because it's not." "Perhaps, Harry. But I should have noticed and done something nonetheless." Remus responded. "Seems to me you already have." Harry replied. "You saw the blood, and instead of freaking out like most people would, you calmly healed me. Instead of berating me for doing something as stupid and reckless as cutting myself, you asked me questions to try to understand. That's more than anyone else has done." Remus smiled faintly. "For what it's worth, I was making sure no one would find out. Especially you." Harry said. "Why?" Remus questioned. Harry shrugged. "Because I knew you'd do something about it, and I didn't want to stop." "Oh, Harry." Remus said sadly. "While I hate to discourage any way to cope with tragedy and loss, I mustn't condone this one." He held out his hand. He didn't have to say anything, Harry gathered what he meant by the gesture. "Remus, honestly, I'm handling it fine. I haven't hurt myself too badly, and I need this. Please." Harry pleaded. "I'm sorry, Harry, but I care about you far too much to continue letting you…do this. I will not allow you to continue causing yourself harm when I can prevent it." Remus replied. "Remus, please…" "There are far better ways to handle your pain and guilt, Harry, and I intend to help you find them. Please, hand whatever it is you use over." Remus hated himself for hurting the boy, and being so stern with him when he was obviously hurting, but he could not let the boy he loved and cared for so much continue to harm himself. With a look of utter defeat, Harry slowly reached into his pocket and retrieved the knife. In hindsight, he was glad he had not used the pocketknife Sirius had given him, but rather an old muggle one that he had taken from Dudley's room a few years back. He slowly handed it over to Remus, feeling his relief being taken away from him. Remus stared at the knife for a moment before pushing it deep into the pocket of his robes. "Come, Harry. I think we have been keeping the Weasleys waiting for long enough." Remus stood and helped Harry to his feet. Before making his way to the Burrow, however, he turned and enveloped Harry in a strong hug. He could not help but feel relieved that he had caught Harry before the cuts turned suicidal; he could not think of what would have happened if he lost him. Harry was all he had left. He could not help but feel that by hugging Harry so tightly, he was tethering him to life, and making sure that yes, he was still here, breathing, and yes, he was going to be all right, in time. Harry hugged Remus back just as tightly. He felt so bad for making the man so sad, so worried. Yes, he knew he was going to struggle to overcome his barrier. He knew it would take a long time for the urge to go away, to not have the fleeting idea to grab a knife of sorts every time he was upset. but now that Remus knew, he realized he didn't need self-harm. He didn't need to handle everything by himself. He didn't just have the Weasleys and Hermione, who would be appalled by his behavior. Yes, Remus was extremely upset, but he didn't resort to calling him an idiot for doing it. He understood what it was like to be consumed with so much grief and guilt that thoughts become irrational. He simply wanted to help Harry, and that was all Harry needed. But everything would be…all right now. Harry and Remus were both grieving, but they were no longer doing it alone. After all, he was still alive. They both were. And they both had each other. Without lifting his head off Remus's chest, Harry whispered something that Remus never thought he would hear again, after Sirius died. "I love you, Remus." Tears in his eyes, Remus replied. "I love you too, Harry."