complaint. Actually some of it she rather liked. I thought there was an outside chance Pansy would like some video games, and she does, but she much prefers movies. Specifically American action movies from the 1980's. The pointless, wanton violence, the cheesy one liners, she eats the stuff up. It's all very odd. Odder still is the fact she hasn't shown any reaction to matters with her family. She hasn't talked to me about it, she hasn't shown outbursts of anger, I haven't heard her crying in her bed at night, nothing. Usually when my parents go to work Pansy and I find our way to the same bed together, but even there, it's like it never happened to her. I'm getting worried. The closet she's come to showing any inappropriate emotion was with Harry's uncle. I expected she'd make threats and such (she is Pansy after all) but pointing her wand like that scared me a bit. Drawing her wand was something I expected, pointing it in Vernon's direction, again, not unexpected. But to level it at the man's throat, that's what you do when you mean to attack. No, not attack, to kill. It proved idle as threats go, but still. Stealing the man's wallet was concerning as well. Granted yes, he has abused Harry greatly, practically starves the poor boy has probably spent a tenth of what a responsible guardian would spend on their charge, but still, that's no excuse to steal from him. I know Harry has said other wizards have threatened too, but I'm concerned none the less.. I really should have stopped Pansy, but I'm a bit worried about what she would have done. I know she's dealing with a great deal, and the more you repress and the longer you do it for, the worse it is, and I certainly don't want to contribute to that, but robbing people, even deserving people is hardly the proper outlet. I don't know, I suppose I should have at least said something. Pansy just worries me so much sometimes. She still is happy to be around me, she smiles and so on, and we enjoy our time together, both in bed and just doing normal couple things, so it's not that she's depressed or completely stifling her emotions somehow. In fact she seemed elated by kittens of all things. Apparently Crookshanks was rather busy with my parents own cat. So busy that near the end of summer we have four brand new baby kittens in our house. "Oh wow, they're so cute," Pansy stares at them, looking absolutely amazed. "They really are," I agree. "I suppose while we're still here I can take two and you take two?" "What, like to keep?" "Well yes, of course. They're our cats, after all. We'll have to leave most of them here when we go back to school; I'm taking Crookshanks with me, so I'd leave both of mine, but you could take one of yours with you." "Only one?" "Pansy, the rules only allow one. Besides, one kitten is plenty to handle while you're taking classes and whatnot." "All right, I suppose." I strongly suspect she plans to sneak both her kittens to school, but there's no point arguing about it now. There's a lot of ways I've been able to describe Pansy since I first met her. No share of negative words for the first four years I knew her, certainly. Last year the terms became more positive, then even affectionate. Clever, cynical, intelligent, pretty (time is very much Pansy's friend on that front), girlfriend, lover, but never cute, not until now. Pansy with her kittens is absolutely adorable. The way she plays with them, it's like a little girl: smiling and innocent, I love watching Pansy playing with the kittens almost as much as I enjoy playing with the kittens myself. "You know you should really name them," I tell Pansy. Her two kittens, a boy and a girl still have no names. "Yeah, yeah, I'll get to it. Just not good with names I guess. Besides, this way I get to see what they're like, watch them grow a bit then decide." "That just sounds like a rationalization for being lazy." "Yeah, whatever. They're my kitties so I can do what I want." There's no doubt Pansy's kittens have personality: both are adventurers. They love to go all over the place, first exploring the house and then quickly the back yard. They range far, can move fast and love to climb. I suppose that's typical of cats, but it makes them hard to find too. It gets so bad I have to resort to putting a tracer spell on their collars. We find them hiding in the backyard all over the place, in trees, under bushes, absolutely everywhere, and every afternoon just as it's getting dark Pansy is there asking me to use that tracer spell and find her kittens. "Hey, Hermione, can you use that spell again?" Pansy asks me, just like every other day. And just like every other day, I do. I cast the spell, seeing what nook or cranny the mischievous kittens may have gotten to. And just like every other day I find the girl kitten's collar easily enough, but the boy's is different; he's farther, much farther. "Um, this is odd. It seems like one of your cats got loose from the yard somehow. Actually he's quite a bit farther, wandering around the neighborhood." "That cat loves his adventure," Pansy grins. "All right, we'd better go get him." Author's Notes: So here's the first chapter of this story. I hope everyone is glad to see this sequel and enjoyed this chapter. I'd like to thank that-fan for all his help with this chapter. It took a little work to get the tone of part of it right. Like every author, I love to get reviews, so if you have something to say, please leave one, they're much appreciated. Thanks.