it gently until a small bruise appeared. The redhead loved marking Harry. Harry whimpered when he felt Charlie leaving a hickey on his neck. When Charlie reached his nipples and started licking and caressing them, Harry keened loudly. His hips arched up and his arousal brushed against Charlie's through both of their jeans. They both groaned at the friction. Charlie worked his way down Harry's body. After he nibbled at his belly button, he undid Harry's jeans and pulled them down his legs. His hand rubbed Harry's hard dick over his boxers. He smiled when he heard him whine. Showing mercy, he removed Harry's boxers and took his erection in his strong, calloused hands. He gave him a slow but thorough hand job, roughly pulling on the hard dick and twisting his hand around the tip before moving back up to the base. "Merlin, I love your hands," Harry moaned. He loved feeling Charlie's broad and strong hands touching him, but he didn't want to come this fast. He wanted to come when Charlie was inside him, bringing them both to ecstasy. "Wait, Charlie, I don't want to come yet," he said breathlessly. "I want you inside me now." Charlie groaned and looked at him with lust-blown blue eyes. "Anything you want, baby." He quickly removed his own jeans and boxers. He used his wand to conjure lube. He coated one finger and gently rubbed it around Harry's hole. Then, he pushed the finger inside Harry, sliding in fully and moving it around. He did this for a minute before removing his finger. He coated two fingers with lube and placed them inside Harry. With these two fingers, he began stretching him and coating his tight channel with lube. Harry was moaning non-stop. Charlie's fingers felt wonderful, but he wanted more. He wanted to feel Charlie thrusting inside him, making love to him. "Baby, please, I'm ready," Harry begged his fiancé. "One more finger, love," Charlie said. "I don't want to hurt you." Charlie quickly lubed up three fingers and thrust them inside Harry. He tried to move slowly, but he was beginning to lose patience. His hard dick was throbbing. His fingers brushed against Harry's prostrate, prompting a gasp and more begging from him. After a couple minutes, Charlie deemed Harry to be ready and he conjured more lube for his erection. He positioned his dick at Harry's entrance and pushed inside, bottoming out with one smooth thrust. "Harry," Charlie breathed, overcome with emotion and sensation. Harry's tight walls encased his dick, surrounding it with a slick heat. "Oh Charlie," Harry whispered. The feeling of Charlie's hard dick inside him had him on edge; he felt a spurt of pre-come leak out of his cock. He wrapped his legs around Charlie's hips, wanting to keep them connected. Charlie kissed him sweetly and then slowly thrusted in and out of his body. He smoothly glided into him, his dick hitting Harry's prostrate. He wrapped one hand around Harry's dick, squeezing in sync with his thrusts. Harry held on tightly to Charlie's shoulders and buried his head into his neck, panting harshly into his ear. Every thrust hit his prostrate perfectly, and Charlie's hand was the right amount of pressure and friction. He just needed a little more to come. So, he roughly grabbed a hold of Charlie's hair and yanked hard. "Give me more, babe," Harry demanded. Charlie groaned when Harry tugged his hair. Harry knew how much he loved having his hair pulled. If his fiancé wanted more, then he would give it to him. He grabbed Harry's hip with one hand and lifted him up to the right angle. He pulled out and pushed hard back into him. His thrusts were fast and rough. His other hand also sped up on Harry's dick. Harry bit hard into Charlie's shoulder as he started coming, and his hand tightened in Charlie's hair. His legs loosened their grip around Charlie as his muscles went lax with pleasure. Charlie felt Harry's hole clenching around his dick as he came, which prompted his own orgasm. He moaned Harry's name as he came long and hard into his warm hole. He collapsed onto Harry, too tired to worry about if he was crushing his fiancé. A few minutes later, Charlie came back to himself to feel fingers running soothingly through his hair. He turned his head and saw Harry smiling softly at him. "Hey, sweetheart." Harry chuckled. "Hi, babe." Charlie slowly pulled out of Harry and rolled over onto his back. "That was so good, but I'm really tired. Can we sleep here?" "I think we would regret it in the morning. Let's go to our big, comfortable bed," Harry coaxed. He stood up and then pulled Charlie to his feet. He nudged him to start walking towards the bedroom. Then, Harry used his wand to extinguish the candles and levitate their dishes to the kitchen sink. After cleaning up in the bathroom, Harry brought a warm, wash cloth to gently wipe down Charlie's body. He would sleep more comfortably if he wasn't covered in sweat and semen. Charlie barely moved as he felt Harry clean him, but as soon as his fiancé lay down, he snuggled up to him. He rested his head on Harry's shoulder and grabbed his left hand. He placed a soft kiss on Harry's engagement ring. "I love you," Charlie whispered. "I can't wait to marry you and call you my husband." Harry sighed contently. "I love you, too, more than anything. Our wedding can't come fast enough." "Six more months," Charlie said. They had decided on a summer wedding and chose to marry in August at Potter Manor. Harry held Charlie tightly and kissed the top of his head. "I'm counting down the days, love." Charlie settled more comfortably onto Harry and relaxed into his embrace. He closed his eyes and said, "Good night, baby." Harry smiled as he looked down at his future husband. "Good night, Charlie."