her tea again. "You could maybe smile a little, let me know that you're not being serious." Severus turned to her, his expression somber. "And where would the fun be in that?" He asked, waiting a full thirty seconds before lifting the corner of his mouth in smirk. "Ugh!" Hermione groaned at him, throwing one hand up in the air in exasperation. Severus chuckled, knowing he had had her going for a moment. He did enjoy playing with her. Especially if she was going to believe every inflection in his tones, and truly believe his lugubrious expressions were just that. ~S~ "When do we tell everyone?" Hermione asked a few weeks later as they were walking through the local village. They had ventured into town to purchase groceries, and Hermione liked to visit the small Apothecary for its selection of muggle candy. "Whenever you want to. Personally, I don't mind keeping it just to ourselves. Although I am sure you are bursting to share the news with Mr. Potter and the rest of your friends. Frankly, I am surprised you haven't shared it already." "I didn't want to just come out and say it before you were ready. I thought we would share it together." Severus sighed quietly. "So, is this you asking to share the news, then?" "If you're ok with it." "Why are we dancing around the same question over and over?" Hermione laughed to herself. "I don't know. Look, why don't I just invite Harry and Ginny over to start, and we can go from there?" "Not inviting Mr. Weasley?" "He's out of the country right now with George. They expanded Weasley's Wizard Wheezes into France and they're checking on how the store in Paris is faring." "Ah. I'm sure our announcement then will be the highlight of his year when he returns." "Ron is completely over everything that happened four years ago." Hermione said with confidence. "I don't think he'll react in the way you're anticipating." They arrived back at their country house and Severus walked through the gate first, holding it open for her behind him. He removed the wards from the front door so they could go inside. Hermione paused to gather a small stack of owl post that was sitting on the mat, flipping through it as she entered the house. She heard Severus lock the door and looked up as he toed off his dragon hide boots. It had taken the last several years for him to get comfortable enough to walk around in his socks around her. Something she was sure he had always done living on his own. Hermione kicked her own flats off and with a flick of her wand they levitated over to the basket by the door where she kept her outside shoes. "Anything interesting?" Severus asked, passing her to take the groceries into the kitchen. "Just this." Hermione answered, holding up a pale-yellow envelope with the Hogwarts seal on the back. "Addressed to you." Severus set the two bags on the counter and crossed the kitchen to take the letter. "Just me?" "Just you." Hermione flipped through the rest of the mail. A copy of the Evening Prophet , a letter from Ginny that felt thick enough to contain photos (most likely of her and Severus from the wedding reception that Ginny had sworn existed and seemed to have finally found), and some junk mail advertisements for wizarding products that neither of them used. Hermione sat down to look through the pictures, listening as Severus ripped open the letter from Hogwarts and unfolded the parchment inside. "Well this is unexpected." He commented a minute later. Hermione looked up in interest. "What is?" "Minerva is requesting a rather unique favor from me." Severus joined Hermione at the table, handing her the first piece of parchment as he began to read the second. "Indeed." Hermione stated as she perused the first two paragraphs. "Wait, this says both. Is she mad?" She put the parchment down. "I think she's desperate." Severus set the second piece down. "And she's right, there's no one else." "Severus, you can't seriously be considering this. Both classes?" Severus shrugged as he began reading over the letter again. "That's what it says. Defense Against the Dark Arts and Potions. She's asking that I take on both classes." "What about St. Mungo's?" "Hermione, I didn't say I would do it. I didn't even say I would consider it. It's a huge position to accept. But she does mention certain stipulations." Severus gestured to the letter. "I wouldn't have patrolling duties for one." "That doesn't answer my question." "I don't know. I have to think about it." "She says that if she doesn't hear back from you by the first week of August she'll come here and beg." "She doesn't say that." Severus snatched up the letter. "She's prepared to meet with me in person to go over the position in detail if necessary." "I think it's necessary." Severus gave her a look over the parchment. "Do you indeed?" He asked with a smirk. Hermione crossed her arms and huffed at him. "I'll write Minerva back and ask if she wouldn't mind coming by next week. We can all discuss it together. Would that assuage you, my dear?" "A bit. I have questions of my own that I would like answered." "I'm sure you do." Hermione huffed again. He was being patronizing on purpose. But no matter. She felt a small grin lift the corner of her mouth. She was excited for the offer for him. In the end, it would be Severus's decision. It was his time Minerva was asking for. His time and, Hermione thought as she glanced back at the letter and what it was requesting, his sanity. I read through this twice before posting, but I am sure there are still some errors. If you see any let me know in a review and I will go back and fix. Thanks for reading!