Harry heard soft moaning coming from behind them. Madam Pomfrey saw him looking. "Quidditch injury." She said shortly, but not unkindly. "What's the problem, Minerva?" she directed this question at McGonagall. "Well, Potter here has a few cuts on the back of his hand that we feel could possibly become infected if they are not attended to." She answered. "We?" Madam Pomfrey looked confused as to why more than one person had opinions on the back of Harry's hand. "Professors Dumbledore, Snape, and I." "Oh. Well, all right. Can I see your hand, Potter?" Madam Pomfrey asked kindly. Harry sighed deeply and held out his hand for Madam Pomfrey to examine. She grabbed his hand and tugged the sleeve up to get a look at the cuts. Harry saw many emotions flash across her face at the sight of the words carved into the back of his hand, however she did not mention it. "Right. Well I have a few potions I should apply to this. I don't think a spell can be used to heal these, as a dark artifact seems to have created them. I have some cream that will be able to prevent infection, as well as a potion for the pain and some essence of murtlap to use for a half hour every night. I'll bandage this up as well, to prevent germs getting into it. I'm afraid that is all I will be able to do. Give me a moment to round up my supplies. Minerva, will you come help me?" She said this with a lot of strain in her voice, evidently emotional. Harry knew full well that Madam Pomfrey could have summoned those things using her wand, however he figured she had questions for McGonagall, so he just quietly sat down on the nearest bed and examined his hand. It really did look terrible. Meanwhile, over at the supply cabinets on the other side of the hospital wing, Madam Pomfrey was urgently whispering to McGonagall. "Why was Potter using a blood quill?!" she whispered as she gathered up the cream and bandages. "Professor Umbridge, it seems, has been making students write lines using a blood quill for her detentions. Rest assured, Poppy, it is being handled. Severus is currently retrieving Filius and Pomona so they can be apprised of the situation. In any case, Umbridge will not be here much longer. Even her precious Minister will not be able to get her off the charges and keep her here. She will at least have to leave. Thank Merlin." McGonagall smiled, though it was very strained, and grabbed the potion Madam Pomfrey pointed out. They then made their way back over to Harry, who was sitting on a bed examining his hand. "Here, Potter." Madam Pomfrey gently grabbed his hand and spread the thick cream over the cuts. She then waved her wand, causing the cream to be absorbed into his hand. She waved her wand again, setting a charm on the bandage so they would keep all unwanted particles out of the injured area. "Drink this, Potter." She motioned to McGonagall, who gave Harry the potion. He gulped it down. "Since I'm assuming you will be showing Professors Flitwick and Sprout your hand, put these on afterward. Minerva, you know the spell, correct?" Madam Pomfrey asked. McGonagall nodded. "Good. I have placed a germ-repelling charm on the bandages, and you will be able to take them off and put them back on at will. Here is a small jar of cream, put it on once in the morning before breakfast and once at night before bed. You don't have to make it absorb as I did, just put the bandages on once you spread it." She handed the bandages to McGonagall. "Thank you, Madam Pomfrey." He said politely. "It's no trouble, dear. You are free to go. If anything happens with the cuts or the bandages or anything, come back here at once and let me know." She replied. "I will." Madam Pomfrey smiled at Harry and summoned some essence of murtlap from the shelves behind them. "Use this for a half hour every night before bed. It will sooth the cuts. Have a good day, Potter." She smiled again and motioned toward the door. "Wait for me out there, Potter. I would like a private word with Madam Pomfrey. I will be out in a moment." McGonagall said. "Yes, Professor." Harry made his way out in the hallway, making sure the door was shut behind him before shoving the bottle of essence of murtlap in his pocket and taking out his wand. Back in the hospital wing, McGonagall was whispering to Madam Pomfrey. "You can't say anything about this to anyone, Poppy. Albus, Severus, and I already know, and Pomona and Filius will shortly, but nobody else can find out until action is taken. We will, no doubt, have more students who have had this happen to them. All Heads of Houses are going to go into their common rooms, once they are made aware of the situation, and find out who has had detentions with Dolores and bring them to you once we update Pomona and Filius. Do you have enough supplies?" "Probably. Depends how many students I need to tend to." Madam Pomfrey replied. "Shouldn't be more than thirty." McGonagall responded. "Then I have enough supplies. I won't say anything, trust me, but I'm so angry!" "I am too. I yelled and swore at Albus and Severus earlier." McGonagall replied. "Best to just calm down for a bit. No one must know until we get rid of the toad." "I won't say anything." "Thank you. Now I must be off. We will be back in an hour or so." "See you then, Minerva." Madam Pomfrey made her way back over to the curtained bed while McGonagall made her way to the door and exited, to find Harry leaning against the wall twiddling his wand. "Back to the Headmaster's office, Potter.