two letters on the table. He tore the one addressed to him open and began to read. 'Dear, Severus Words cannot explain how my heart aches to tell you this but you must know. I have admired you from the moment I saw you on the Hogwarts Train. I knew you and I could never be so I kept my distance and after time I realized you had feelings for another, for Evans. I'm sorry for insulting her, you're right she was a better woman then me she wouldn't have done what I'm about to do or what I've done in the past. As the years passed after Evans death we grew closer, we became what I thought to be friends. My heart smiled whenever you were around, whenever I felt your touch I always felt a warm tingling inside. You made me a better person, now I realize that you did not care for me, you still only had eyes for her. I knew that we could be nothing more then friends but apparently we weren't even that. My heart was broken many times by you, when we were at Hogwarts, when we were teens, even these days. Today I just couldn't live with it anymore; you'll understand I'm sure. When the one person you could ever truly love will never even recognize you. I cannot, will not live like this anymore. You are free from the Vow but please watch out for Draco, and give him the other letter. I do not blame you in any shape or form for what I've done and he won't either. I can only hope you'll understand. -All my Love, Narcissa' The memory flashed through his mind, she was crumbled on the floor behind his couch and she'd whispered, "Maybe if I die he'll love me too." Fear pounded on his chest. Turning on his heel he burst into the kitchen, her beautiful person was laying face up, hands on her stomach, eyes closed…dead. He almost screamed, "Narcissa…" He went to his knees beside her, and with the small hope remaining he checked for a pulse. There was nothing. Wait! *Thump…silence…thump…silence…* He jumped to his feet and went to his potion cupboards. He grabbed the tiny bottle; it was filled with pink liquid and then rushed back to her side. Kneeling next to her once more he gently parted her soft pink lips with his fingers. Carefully he poured the shimmering pink potion into her mouth, he felt her swallow and then she coughed. Forceful coughs as if she would vomit then her eyes fluttered and she looked up into his eyes. Her beautiful icy blue eyes, full of misunderstanding and fear, it pained him to see she feared him. She opened her eyes to see his eyes boring into her like lasers, wait a moment what? Why did this keep happening? Whenever she tried to die or do anything horrible to herself, he always stopped her! No surely he hated her more then anything now, he'd seen her memories, read the note, he knew how vulnerable she was. She tried to get up, to get out of his sight for fear she might cry again. Why had he saved her? Just a few hours ago he had told her she meant nothing to him. She saw the concern in his eyes and looked down, breaking their gaze, "I'm sorry I really have to go, I'll never come back. I'll never bother you again, you'll never have to see my ugly face again." Her voice was barely a whisper. "NO!" He grabbed her shoulders as she tried to get up, "No…you don't understand." He said more gently. "What else is there to understand? You hate me, I love you…I'm damn stupid." She muttered. "I don't hate you." He said. "Of course because the whole, I only put up with you because I had to thing meant we were besties." She hissed. "What I said, it wasn't true I was angry, I'm sorry." "You just feel sorry for me because you broke my poor foolish heart." She said, struggling to get out of his hold. "No I'm saying it because it's true, I'm sorry I said those things…Narcissa stop! Listen!" He said pushed her up against the wall. "Let go!" She demanded, "Don't make me look at you any longer!" "Narcissa I know I shouldn't have entered your mind but it made me realize something that I should have realized a long time ago." "That I'm an insufferable brat, that I didn't even love my husband? That I loved you since were in Hogwarts and never damned got over it? That I was overjoyed every time I saw you and you didn't give a crap. That every time we were alone in that comfortable silence that I may have hoped, just hoped that you felt it too? Or that I'm a downright foolish person for loving you, for even having feelings at all for that matter? That I'm just as bad if not worse then a Death Eater? That my heart is made of ice and I look old and tired and I'm whiney and self-conscious and-" "No damn witch that I love you!" He growled. She froze, "Y…you…w…what?" Her gorgeous blue eyes were as wide as saucers. "I love you." He whispered. "I love you too." She answered, happy tears trickling down her cheeks. "Do you forgive me?" She nodded and drew him to her, pressing her lips to his. It was soft at first but as he lifted her into his arms she moaned into his mouth. She didn't remember how they reached the bedroom but soon after clothes were long gone and they threw all caution to the wind in that night. She awoke in his arms just nuzzled closer. Narcissa was never lonely again. A/N: Yes, yes I know typical fairy tale ending but meh I think it was decent. Please review and don't be too harsh. Thanks! (: