count how many regrets he has. Leave it to Harry bloody Potter to have a hoard of carnivorous, venomous, undead rabbits. He blames Dumbledore for many, many things, but honestly, this is a bit of a stretch. Necromancy was not part of Dumbledore's M.O., and— His thoughts pause. Voldemort recalls a certain cave of Inferi he has. They aren't venomous, but… As Harry prattles on, Voldemort grows pensive. Venomous Inferi. Now there's a thought. As Voldemort is preparing for bed that night, a knock sounds at his door. He knows indisputably that it's Harry, and he's proven correct when the door swings open at the flick of his wrist. Notably, Harry isn't carrying any furry pieces of his hoard. "My room is sort of full tonight," Harry says, eyes bright above the rim of his glasses. When Voldemort beckons, Harry licks his lips and steps through the threshold. The door closes soft behind him, and contrary to popular belief, the sound is not so uncommon between them. It's a different sort of satisfaction, Voldemort supposes, but not an unwelcome one. Harry's footsteps are all spice and ginger as he makes his way to the bed, which he tumbles into with barely half as much of the grace he used to get there. He quickly makes himself at home, wrapping himself in the majority of the blankets to form a misshapen cake roll. Voldemort, unamused but somehow content, takes a seat on the other side. "Voldemort," Harry begins, and his voice is muffled by the absurd amount of layers he's put himself into, "I have a confession to make." "Your definition of suspense leaves much to be desired," Voldemort tells him. "According to my roommate, I've got a piss-poor sense of judgment, so bugger off." Harry pauses, and then his head pops up out of his cake roll. Voldemort notes the skew of his glasses, and Harry obviously notices too, judging by his wriggling. However, no amount of work can free his arms. There's a spell for this. It's in one of the books he gave him. Harry has to know there's a spell for this, but he still dares to send Voldemort a pleading look anyway. Sheer impertinence. Voldemort sighs and reaches over, tweaking Harry's glasses back into place. Harry beams at him. "Thanks. I take it back, you don't have to bugger off anymore." "What is your confession, Potter." Harry sobers immediately. He ducks his head so all that's peeking out over the blankets is his eyes, and Voldemort waits. "I," Harry begins, whisper muffled, "I don't think I'm a dragon." Carefully diplomatic, Voldemort asks, "And you think this why?" "I don't think I ever was one," Harry reveals. "I'm not a creature. I'm a wizard, aren't I?" Voldemort closes his eyes. "Yes." "My healing…is from our magic? We're linked. You give me magic." "Yes." "And the parseltongue…it's from your soul. The part of your soul bound to mine." "Yes." Harry takes in a shaky breath. "And my age. Seventeen forever. That's because…that's because you kept killing me, isn't it. I remember. I'm not fully human anymore, right? I remember that. I remember. We went to Gringotts. I took a blood test. There were problems… I'm more you than me, they said. And just as well; I'm more magic than me, too." "Yes." Trapped in his blanket prison, all Harry can do is roll over, bumping into Voldemort's side. "Will you kill me again?" he asks. After some time, Voldemort places a hand on his head. Harry's hair is as soft as always, but the sensation of it against his hand catches him by surprise each and every time. "It is not one of my intentions, no," he replies. "You'll keep me around." "It has been a long time. It would be a waste otherwise." Harry rolls around again and presses his face into Voldemort's night clothes. "I'm sorry," he says. "It's hard," he says. "It hurts sometimes," he says. Voldemort's fingers bury themselves in his hair. "You will grow accustomed to it," he tells him. "You will learn to enjoy it and all its fruits, given time. Immortality is a blessing." "'There be dragons,'" Harry says, "on the path you walk. That's what I wanted to tell you. I remember now." And then, in a moment of clarity, he adds, "You'll regret this, I know. I'll be there when you do." Harry's glasses dig into his thigh. Voldemort yanks him back, meets his eyes that burn a nostalgic fire. These eyes, he knows. They're the eyes of Dumbledore's man. Something softens them. "I'll be there for you when you do," Harry tells him. His glasses are crooked again. Voldemort pulls them off and places them aside. During the time he has his back turned, Harry has magically freed himself of his cake roll. He stretches his arms and yawns with all the manners of a beast, but then again, that would probably be an insult to beasts everywhere. He sends a stinging hex at him as a reprimand. Harry bats it away. "You no longer have an excuse to hoard a collection of undead rabbits," Voldemort informs him. "I expect them gone by the end of tomorrow." Harry frowns. "You say that like you expect me to know how to un-undead them." For once in his entire life, Voldemort has a solution to the problem known as Harry Potter. "Give them to Gringotts as a gift. They'll serve better than any dragon." Grinning like a loon, Harry says, "Yeah, my children are pretty amazing, aren't they?" Voldemort hums, first noncommittal, and then: "Considering who their parent is, it is quite the surprise." "Hey! Alright, first of all: rude. Second of all—" Yes, he thinks. Things could certainly be worse than this. For one, he could've had the Longbottom brat as his horcrux. Meek, spineless, obedient… Now, that. That would've been a disaster. I still don't know what this fic is, and I'm the one who wrote it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯