you, at first. I still have my doubts about the authenticity of your story, but I hold no reservations about the fact that you believe it to be true. If you would permit it, I would ask to view your memories in my Pensieve." Dumbledore said, curiosity evident in the lilt of his voice. "In a bit, sir. First, I have a few conditions. I want Iris removed from the Dursleys, Sirius out of Azkaban, and the ministry hunting for Peter Pettigrew. He betrayed my parents and killed those muggles, not Sirius." Harry said with finality. Dumbledore was shocked at the revelation. "I will do what I can for Sirius, if it checks out, but I cannot allow Iris to go elsewhere while Voldemort is still at large. I cas-" "Cast a powerful ward that would protect her and the Dursleys while she could still call her mother's relatives house 'home.' Yeah, I know. I thought about that before coming back. I'm our mothers' relative, right? If you could cast the charm on Petunia, you should be able to cast it on me." It was in this moment that Dumbledore accepted all Harry had told him as fact. No one, not even Minerva, knew of the blood magic he had employed to protect the girl. After a sizeable pause, Albus nodded. "I will... thoroughly consider it." Realizing that was as good as he was going to get, for now, Harry nodded. After a moment, he stood and walked to the display case, in which resided the Pensieve, and brought the stone basin over to the desk. Moving the cloak aside, he set it down and brought the tip of the Elder Wand to his temple. When he pulled the wand tip away from his skin, a thin, silvery, gossamer strand came with it; and Harry dropped it into the basin. After repeating this action a number of times, he began to swirl the contents of the Pensieve with the tip of his wand. As the memories swirled he motioned for Dumbledore to enter. The old wizard leaned headfirst over the basin, and plunged in; his body following his head as he was seemingly cast into the bowl by his own chair. Harry followed a moment later. Harry was six years old and had dry blood covering his lower face. His portley cousin Dudley had just broken his nose and given him a black eye. They were sitting in the headteacher's office; harry on his red-faced, large-bellied Uncle's left, Dudley on the man's right. "Well, boys will be boys." Vernon laughed, trying to pass the even off as nothing more than the adolescent squabbling of children. On the way home Vernon never ceased his hatred fueled tirade against his 'freak' of a nephew, sentencing him to three days without food before the memory ended and another began. Harry was nine years old. The Dursleys were opening their many Christmas gifts in the living room while Harry sat in his closet, unwrapping his lone gift, the wrapping paper consisting of an old paper shopping bag haphazardly folded around a bundle. It was an unwashed pair of Dudley's old underwear. Again, the scene changed. Harry was seventeen, shouting at a red haired youth to destroy a locket. There was ghostly image of Harry and a pretty young lady suspended in a cloud of smoke, issuing from the open locket, taunting the ruddy young wizard. After a moment's hesitation, he stabbed the eye at the center of the locket, with the Sword of Gryffindor; Dumbledore just then noticing what the young man held. He then realized he had just witnessed the demise of a portion of Voldemort's soul. Another memory began. Harry and Voldemort were circling each other in the Great Hall that usually served as the dining hall for Hogwarts' many hundreds of students. Students who now formed a ring around the two soon-to-be-combatants, along with many others. Harry was relaying everything that had been done to ensure the mortality of the once-great Tom Riddle, Voldemort getting angrier with every passing word. A short exchange of spells later, Harry stood triumphant of the corpse of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. The professor was shocked at the anti-climactic nature of the duel. Again, the memory shifted. Harry was older, his early, twenties Dumbledore guessed. Not at all dissimilar to how he looked now. He was standing among a crowd when, all of a sudden, there were numerous pops that Albus knew heralded the arrival of a wizard via apparition. Immediately, the evening was alight with countless spells hurtling in all directions. Harry had just retrieved his wand from its holster when a green flash erupted in front of his vision. All went black. Soon, the world came back into focus as Harry awoke. There were bodies everywhere. Not even the children were spared. With this, the duo felt themselves deposited back onto terra firma; the memory trip ending. Dumbledore was the first to speak. "That was... enlightening. I will have Iris away from your aunt and uncle as soon as I can, and will assist you in any capacity I am able, in order to keep your past from becoming our future." Harry smiled in spite of the haunted look that had adorned his features since returning from the Pensieve. ' Finally ,' Harry thought, ' a chance to fix it all .' Well, that's it for the first chapter of my first fic. I'm not British, if you couldn't tell, so any help in UK-ifying this thing would be greatly appreciated. Google can only do so much. Any other constructive criticism is appreciated. I'm mostly posting this to gauge reaction. If people like it, I'll continue to the best of my ability. I know where I want this story to go, but am unsure of my talent as a writer. I don't own the Harry Potter franchise. Duh. If I did, I wouldn't be posting this here! That's all for now, fellow humans. Thanks for the read!