greeting. "Malfoy", she returned his greeting. "Congratulations to both of you. I got the news from Theo. It definitely is a noble thing for you to take up. You are reaching out to people who are living beyond hope. I extend any kind of assistance I may be able to offer to." Hermione was looking at him with a baffled look. Surely, she must have been drunk, if she was hearing such kind of words from Draco Malfoy. Before she could recover and respond Theo answered. "We will keep that in mind, mate. Now, don't let us hold you back, your date must be waiting." "Granger," Malfoy gave another nod to Hermione and patted his friend on his shoulder disappearing into the sea of people. "He is something isn't he?" Theo asked Hermione who was still staring in the direction Draco Malfoy vanished into. "I wouldn't know," Hermione muttered taking her drink. "I know nothing about him. This must be the only conversation I have had with Draco Malfoy if you didn't consider the physical and magical confrontations." "I remember his whining about, you breaking his nose." Hermione let out a loud laughter at Theo's words gathering the attention of few tables around them. "He was such a spoilt boy then." She paused for a second and spoke again in the same high voice suddenly realizing something. "I am loud", and burst into peals of laughter. "You are a lightweight" Theo said shocked at her outburst. "Or the concoction you gave me is rather questionable." She said raising an eyebrow at him. "I don't need to drug somebody to get what I want. I have other charms." He answered in a smug way. Hermione didn't keep count as she downed a drink after drink. She definitely was feeling a lot more relaxed than before. "Are you alright, Hermione," Theo asked when she got a dopey look on her face. "Oh! I am great. I am better than great. I am greater," she squealed. "Come on, Theo lets dance." She didn't wait for his answer as she dragged him onto the dance floor. Hermione's head was swirling but she felt ecstatic. Her intention was to start her dance with simple elegant moves but her body seemed to be following a different set of directions. But she didn't care; she was having the best time of her life. "Theo, you are such a doll. Thanks for doing this," she spoke to him trying to convey her message over the high noise levels. "Anytime Hermione. I am glad you liked it. That's why I have been asking you to come out, have some fun. It's good for you." "No Theo, its not good. Its greater," She let out another squeal of joy and immersed herself into the music. She didn't realize how long she stayed on the dance floor or with how many she danced until Theo was dragging her back to the table. "Why are you bringing me back? I was having so much funnnn". "Hermione, you were just about to offer fucking Mclaggen to come back to your place. I don't think you would be too happy about that tomorrow". "What's wrong with that? He is so nice." "Yeah very nice. He was having face-to-face conversation with your breasts for the past 15 minutes." Theo said with annoyance. Hermione giggled at his words. "Oh! Theo. You are such a nice person. Maybe I should invite you to my place." Theo groaned and caught his head. "Hermione, you are no condition to stay here anymore. It's not safe". She nodded and hugged him. "Thank you so much Theo. Today was amazing." "All my pleasure Hermione. Now come on, lets get you home." Theo said guiding her to the gates. "Stop right there! Theo. I know how to get back. I will go on my own." "Hermione, you are in no condition to apparate. You might splinch yourself. I will drop you home." Before he finished his words Hermione took her wand out and disappaarted, only to apparate just a few feet away. "See, I didn't splinch. Trust me I am fine Theo. But you wouldn't offer your grateful service if you saw who just walked in." She said wagging her eyebrows tilting her head towards the door. Theo knew who exactly had walked in without even looking in that direction with that expression on Hermione's face. His eyes darted to the door and he awkwardly met the ethereal blue eyes of Luna Lovegood. "Hi Hermione," Luna came closer giving a quizzical look at her friend. "You look radiant today. I see you have finally given up hoarding wrackspurts. Your head seems less fuzzy today." She turned towards Theo and gave a smile. "Hi, how are you?" "It's good to see you, Lovegood." Theo said his smirk attitude taking a backseat as a pink blush crept up his cheeks. "I can see that you felt more than good to see me, Theodore. I hope you don't mind me calling you that." Luna said moving her eyes to a giggling Hermione. "Luna, great to see you too." Hermione greeted her friend through her giggles. But her eyes were teasing a blushing Theo until he glared his eyes at her. "You don't need to tease Theodore, Hermione. I am well aware of his intentions and I've already decided to take a drink with him." She said offering her hand to him. "Whenever you are ready." Theo smiled at her and nodded his head in uncertainty. But Hermione winked at him and encouraged him to go on. He obliged as he fell in step after the blonde witch, toward the tables. Hermione gave a contented sigh looking at the retreating pair. She lifted her wand into the air to disapparate. But her eyes fell on the people on the dance floor and her steps inadvertently headed towards there. It definitely was going to be an unforgettable night, Hermione thought as her body swayed to the music.