Scamander!" Evangeline said, teasingly. Dominique blushed crimson. "Dom! You like Lorcan? And you never told us!?" Alice exclaimed, half yelling, half giggling. "I could always sense the wrackspurts around when you two were in the same room!" Lily exclaimed, giggling loudly. "Wow Lily! You're getting really good at that!" Evangeline said, Evangeline had always admired Lily's ability to sense the creatures Luna believes in, as if Lily was Luna's daughter. "Lysander and Lorcan have been slowly helping me." she said, blushing. "Oooh! I think he feels the same! Maybe we should talk to Lorcan! He should know who Lysander would like. Plus, it's like twin telepathy to know." Dominique said, instantly regretting what she had squealed. "Someone wants to talk to Lorcan, don't they?!" Alice said, laughing to the point in which she was almost crying. "Do not! This is about Lily and Lily and Lysander only!" Dominique replied, pretending to be offended. "Relax, Dom. If you want to see Lorcan it's ok." Lily said in a motherly voice, causing Evangeline to laugh just as much as Alice. The next day, the girls went to Lorcan. They thought, if anyone knew Lysander, it was Lorcan. "Hey Lily, Alice, Dom, Evangeline! How are you all?" Lorcan asked. "We're all good. Look, Lorcan. Ok so Lily likes your twin. Do you think you could help us bring them together?" Alice said, Lily blushing at the middle part. "Aww. Lily Luna! You never told us you liked him!" he said,"but of course I'll help. I know for a fact that Lysander likes you. Why do you think I keep asking about the wrackspurts everywhere?" he said, smirking. Alice started softly chuckling. "So that's why you ALWAYS mention it. I never would have guessed." "Well, us Lovegood people are smarter than we seem. Mum was always just as sane as Uncle Harry, she never lies. She helped him produce a patronus, led him to something he needed, and she speaks pretty wisely. Lily, she is your namesake. How do you think she earned that?" Lorcan said, obviously proud of his mum. "Of course I'm proud of her. She is an AMAZING person." Lily replied, proud as well. "Okay, so what are we going to do about Lysander?" Lorcan asked. "We came up with a plan. All we need you to do is bring Lysander to the Room of Requirement on Halloween, telling him that there is a party there. Bring him 10 minutes after the feast. Oh. And we need you to get him to tell you how he feels about Lily." Evangeline said, making herself crystal clear. "Got it. I'll probably record the words today. I'll have it to you by the 29th." he said, they all nodded with understanding. How the bloody hell am I supposed to get Lysander to express his feelings? Lorcan thought to himself. He always knew that Lily and Lysander liked each other. Today was only the 12th, so he had plenty of time. By the 16th, Lorcan had a Muggle recording contraption and walked up to his brother. "Hey Lysander! Mind talking to me quickly?" Lorcan asked, coolly. "Nah. What's up?" Lysander asked. "I have a plan to get you together with Lily." Lorcan replied, seriously. "Really?! What is it?" Lysander asked questioningly and excited. "Well, I want you to record how you feel about Lily and I have the rest locked up. Her friends agreed on the plan as well." Lorcan said, using improv and making up every word he said. Well, some part of it was true. "Ok." Lysander said simply, beaming brightly. Lysander knew that if Lorcan was lying, he would know. There was some sort of twin telepathy between the two that they couldn't explain. Today was Halloween. Right before the feast. They would be seeing Lysander very soon and attempting to get him and Lily together. Hopefully, their plan wouldn't go wrong. Lily was a bundle of nerves as they finished decorating and hid behind the doors, in her assigned area. Lysander walked into the room and approached Lorcan. "Hey, Lorcan. Where's Lily?" "She should be coming soon," he replied. As soon as he said that, Lily walked out of her post and to her friends. Suddenly, all was quiet and Lysander's voice came erupting around them. "Lily, you are life itself. You really are like a lily. Elegant, beautiful, shining, bright, I could go on and on about you. You're smart, pretty, wonderful . . . all a guy could ever dream of and more. You are the rain, and you know how much I love the rain. You are definitely hard to talk about, as words can't even describe you. They'd just underrate you and I wouldn't want to do that! I've always known how special you are. Yours if you want, Lysander Scamander." A chain of motions suddenly happened. Other students were actually there, it wouldn't go well if it hadn't looked like a party. A girl known as Kara Davies burst into tears as she had liked Lysander a lot. Lily grabbed Lysander by the face and smashed their lips together in a full on snog, sending sparks flying and adrenaline rushing through both. Lorcan, Evangeline, Alice, and Dominique simply chuckled. The lot (bar Kara, Lysander, LIly, Lorcan, Evangeline, Alice, and Dominique) were either smirking or smiling. Most of them doing the latter. 6 years later, Lily had been walking down the aisle with her father on her side, Lysander, James, Albus, and Lorcan facing her. Evangeline Dominique, and Alice facing her, smiling, on the other side of the boys. The time seemed to fly by before they heard, "You may now kiss the bride." They jumped at each other and snogged forever after as husband and wife. REALLY sorry if there are ANY grammar or spelling mistakes. I'm usually good at things like these, as i love to write. This is my first fanfic, so please don't be mean! Reviews, likes, thanks! Have a nice day! ~Books