that Dumbledore had been found dead in his office at Hogwarts. Scanning the article, it said that he seemed to have suffered a massive heart attack with no warning after the students had left for the trip home. He was found by McGonagall, and went on to list some of Dumbledore's accomplishments. Harry grinned slightly, that was one meddling old man who wouldn't have a chance to meddle any longer. He was willing to admit that Dumbledore had meant well, but his actions over the years had hurt so many people that he needed to be removed, for 'The Greater Good' of the entire society. Turning to the other article, he scanned it briefly and then noted the name of the writer, an Andrew Smudgely, because he either had an excellent source in the Aurors, or did some damn fine investigating in a very short period of time. The article described how Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy were killed in their Wiltshire Manor. They were found, still in their traveling cloaks, face down in the entryway to the manor. Both of them had been hit by piercing hexes to the back of the head, and they were killed instantly. The Aurors didn't have to search far to find their killer either. Draco Malfoy was found in his bedroom, handing from the chandelier. There was a hastily scrawled note at the scene, confessing that he had killed his parents when they discovered he was a homosexual. He couldn't face being disowned and thrown out of his family, so he killed them both and taken his own life. The amusing part of the whole thing to Harry, was that it would be easy enough to find evidence at Hogwarts that Draco was gay. He had been found on his knees in front of Crabbe and Goyle several times, and it was well known that the only reason he had kept his spot on the Quidditch Team was that Marcus Flint was buggering him. The fallout from this is going to be interesting next year, he mused, as he continued reading the paper. Harry had just finished the main section of the Prophet when Petunia arrived home. Without a word from him, as soon as the door closed behind her, Petunia was stripping out of her clothing before taking her bags and putting the groceries away. Once they were done, she crawled across the room to kneel at his feet. She sat quietly as he finished reading, a soft smile on her lips as he gently stroked her hair. Putting the paper down, he looked at her and said, "Did you get everything, Petunia?" She nodded, "Yes Master, I did. I purchased all of your favorites, as well as several cookbooks so that I can learn the ones I don't know. I also made sure to mention that Vernon's sister would be visiting for several days, and that was why I was making an extra shopping trip." He smiled lightly at her, "Good girl, that was a very good excuse you gave, and will certainly be remembered after the news gets out tonight or tomorrow. Now, I have been thinking while you were out, and I've realized that, as much as I enjoy seeing you wearing nothing, there will be times when you need to go out in public. The clothes you were wearing before no longer fit your new body, so we will be going shopping in a few days, once Vernon and Dudley are properly buried." Harry was pleased that Petunia didn't even react at the thought of the two of them dying. He had conditioned her well enough that she had absolutely no emotional connection to the two of them any longer. He continued, "We will be having visitors this afternoon, a girl from my school and her mother. You will need to be dressed when they arrive, but I will advise you when that changes, understood? The girl is my friend Hermione, and she also belongs to me, so I expect you to treat her with respect. Her mother will be joining us before the day is out, and she is like you, a non magical woman. She is a very successful dentist in Crawley, and has been lonely since her husband died last year. I want you to be friendly to her, and, after she joins us, I will be giving you further instructions." He saw the hesitation in her eyes when she realized just what those instructions were likely to be. He waited patiently as she struggled internally, until she finally resolved the issues. He could read her thoughts like they were printed on paper, and was pleased that she decided to do what he asked of her, and hope that she enjoyed the experience. It really didn't matter to him if she didn't like it, she was still going to be tongue deep in Hermione and her mother before dinner that evening. But if she showed any signs of disliking what she was doing, Petunia would be sucking his cum out of both women's arses' before he took her back to the basement for more punishment. Checking the time once again, he saw that it would be at least two hours before Hermione and her mother arrived, so he shifted in his chair and spread his legs. Petunia moved into position instantly and opened her mouth for him. There were certainly worse ways to pass the time. End of Story There will be additional stories in this series as time goes by. I hope you've enjoyed my trek to the darker side of Harry. He is far darker than I usually write, but this story would not leave me alone until I wrote it. I started it at about 6 am yesterday morning, and it's now 10am and I'm writing The End. I don't think I've written a story this fast in my life. Please read and review, I promise to respond to all that I can.