would go shattering to the floor in millions of pieces like broken glass. "What brings you here so late Potter?" Harry looked over "I Might ask you the same question…..Malfoy." Draco raised his brow a bit "Ohh is that so? Well if you are interested, I generally always come up here as a painful reminder what happened….and to enjoy the view." Harry raised his brow "You really regret it, don't you?" Draco glanced over at him "Well I had no choice, yes I regret it….even if Dumbledore was really sick and would die within a month anyway….disarming the old man, then watching those lunatics run the castle…" he said softly before he leaned over the rail "I have nightmares every night about it…." Harry sighed "So not only do you hardly eat, you don't sleep….Malfoy are you trying to kill yourself intentionally or are you that daft?" Draco looked over at him "Oh what do you care? Yes I am as a matter of fact trying to die, what's the point? Most of the school and society hates my bloody guts and wishes me dead." He sighed and moved away a bit. Realizing he struck a chord, Harry sighed "I'm sorry….Draco..I didn't mean to upset you." He bit his lip and walked over to him. He stared at him for a minute and when Draco had looked up, he let their lips meet in a deep and romantic manner. "This is the part where you kiss back, Draco" Harry muttered against his lips. Draco blushed when he felt Harry's lips on his own and heard his words. He nodded and figured out how to move his lips, kissing Harry in return just as romantically and deeply. Soon he had Harry pressed against a column and the two were feverishly making out, tongues colliding together, bodies pressed together, slowly starting to undress one another. It wasn't until they were both naked that Draco got bashful and self-conscious. Harry grinned a bit against Draco's lips before breaking the kiss and starting to bite and suck on his neck, Draco tilted his head back and moaned softly into the night air. He shivered a bit and slid a hand down and began stroking Harry's semi-hard erection, wrapping his fingers around it slowly and he rubbed him hard. Draco grunted as he heard Harry starting to moan and whimper. Soon enough, they were laying on the floor of the tower, Draco on top of Harry and slowly sliding into him, hearing Harry moaning his name made the blonde blush deeply, never in a million years did he ever think that this would actually happen, finally, he could be happy. Draco leaned down and kissed Harry deeply, moaning against his lips as his dick pushed deeper into him, slowly beginning to rub against his sensitive prostate gland, his hand still stroking Harry's erection. Harry groaned against his lips "Mmmm…Draco….give it to me" He whimpered and Draco blushed "As you wish" He whispered softly and let his thrusts get harder and deeper, the sound of their moans and their skin slapping together filled the air in the astronomy tower, Draco claiming Harry as his and Harry gladly returning the favor. By the time morning came, they were nestled together under a blanket, still in the Astronomy tower, legs tangled, Draco's head resting on Harry's chest. Harry slowly woke, carefully stretching out and blushed when seeing Draco still there. He smiled and he kissed his forehead softly before running his fingers through his hair, pushing the blonde hair gently out of his eyes. He slowly slid from Draco's legs, got under the covers and wrapped his mouth around Draco's penis, he blushed as he licked and started taking him in his mouth, feeling Draco starting to harden made Harry grin as he continued. Draco woke up to his member growing and he looked down to see Harry's body under the blanket and a warm sensation around his now rock hard erection. "Mmm…bloody hell" He muttered. As soon as Harry heard Draco was awake, he switched and slid his ass down on Draco's dick, and began riding him. "Mmmm…Harry you are so fucking naughty…" Draco muttered in between moans. Harry grinned and glanced down "And you know you love it." Draco couldn't help but grin "Very true….I do love it, and you very much" Harry blushed "You do?" Draco nodded softly "Yes…I do….Be mine?" Harry nodded softly "Yes…Draco" He leaned down and kissed Draco deeply, slipping his tongue into his mouth as he rode his dick until they were both sweaty and breathless, Draco's release spilling from his ass and his own spilled all over Draco's stomach. Harry blushed and licked Draco's stomach clean before smirking "Shower?" Draco chuckled "Only if it's you and me" he winked and Harry nodded "Prefects bathroom?" Draco winked "I like the way you think." Later in the day, Draco walked to the Great Hall and instead of sitting at the Slytherin table, he walked over to the Gryffindor table, sat down beside Harry, ignoring all the gasps and he kept his face casual. Harry raised his brow "Malfoy…what are you doing? This is Gryffindor tab…" he was cut off by Draco's lips and he couldn't help but melt against them, he returned the kiss just as deeply before pulling back after hearing everyone gasp. Draco grinned and laced their fingers together before starting to pick at some food, at least his appetite was getting better, slowly. His skin tone not as deathly pale as it had been at the beginning of the year. That night, Harry slept in Draco's bunk, curled up with his boyfriend. Just before they went to bed, Harry smiled "I love you Draco" Draco grinned as his heart hammered within his chest "And I love you Harry. Forever" He smiled and kissed him softly before closing his eyes and falling asleep, tangled up with Harry, the end of a old chapter, and the beginning of a new one.