eyes. " Indeed, oh I better introduce you. Hermione this is my sensei Yakumo Saemon. He is the Kocho Sensei (principal) of Mahoutokoro. Do you remember the school I told you that I went to for magic." Hermione for her part was half-hidden from view as she stepped behind Hideyoshi's legs and gripped on to it for comfort, not used to the unfamiliar face. But Hideyoshi felt her nod nonetheless. He placed a hand on her head and pushes her forward from behind him " Why don't you introduce yourself" he asks encouragingly. Hermione looks up at him, nervous at using her Japanese to speak to someone that was not her father (Hideyoshi) nor the other villagers. "Gambatte ( you can do it) " Hideyoshi says softly with his fist in a good luck pose. Bowing at a 90-degree angle, Hermione stutters out a bit loudly " H-hajimemashite (Nice to meet you) Yakumo-sama, watashiwa Hermione Granger Mori-desu." Laughing jovially at the young girls keen response he replies "Haha please rise, there is no need to bow so deeply towards me. And please just call me Yakumo-sensei, or just sensei is fine." " H-hai" Hermione replies with a sharp nod, looking back at Hideyoshi to see him giving her a proud grin and she grins back at him. 'Honestly, these two' Yakumo thought exasperatedly. The both acted similar in that they could be quite shy at times but never back down from a challenge. It was funny to see how nurture was playing a huge role in the child's development. He could see the fire in the young toddler's eyes, with a hunger for knowledge. They all went to the living room, Hermione being asked to help carry the rice crackers as Hideyoshi brought the tea in for everyone. They all sat down around the table Hermione and Hideyoshi sitting next to each other facing Yakumo. " So Hermione-san, has Mori told you much about Mahoutokoro." Fidgeting a bit as she sat, still not quite used to sitting in the seiza position but a lot better than before, Hermione replied "A bit, he told me what he did in school, and how he did quidditch." Smirking a bit at the reference to quidditch; Yakumo had to say he was proud to be the principal of a school that had an intense quidditch regime, churning out champion after champion in the International Quidditch Cup. "Are you interested in quidditch Hermione-san." Shrugging Hermione replies " I like flying, so maybe." Nodding in understanding, Yakumo did not push her. He simply let her be. It was one of his ideologies after all, let those who seek it out earn the knowledge. "Well, since you are now living in Japan, and have already turn 3 and will be 4 this year, I wanted to know whether you will be enrolling Hermione into our day program when she is 7." Eyebrows scrunched in confusion, Hermione looked towards Hideyoshi, who replies "Well my research will be taking me to a few countries as it had always done, but I was worries that should she move around with me, she would not be able to either get the attention she needs, or be able to have a magic school accept her at random times of the year." Gripping his chin in thought, Yakumo looked between the two and nods " Mori-san, you are well aware of the system we use, having been a student yourself" he begins to explain, the other two watching him with rapt attention "I think education is education, and one doesn't need to only be in an institution o attain that education. Therefore, should you continue her studies whilst you take her out of the school, I will be happy to welcome her back at any time, so long as she comes back to take the relevant tests each year, or I can personally come and judge her performance." Next to Hideyoshi, Hermione is beaming at the old man in front of her. She wanted to go on Hideyoshi's research adventures as well and was glad that someone seemed to support the idea. " Sensei" Hideyoshi says concerned " this is too much, you are a busy man, I can't –" Hideyoshi trails off as Yakumo rose his hand for him to stop. " Mori, when I say you are one of my favourite students, I meant to say you are my favourite student. It may not be right for me to have biases even amongst the graduating class, but none are more deserving than you. Someone who has worked hard to attain a golden robe, who had no one to support him. Let me help you now, not as a sensei but as a friend." Hideyoshi was speechless, and he bowed his head in thanks not lifting it until, he felt Hermione pull on his shirt sleeve. And he hugged her, the balm to his lonely soul. He thanked Yakumo Saemon again as the man left. Telling Hermioen to watch out for the owl that would be sure to bring her the acceptance letter to Mahoutokoro before he apparated away. Flashback end Smiling at the memory, Hideyoshi looks down at his desk filled with papers and books. Ad in the middle of the mess was a map, with a single red circle drawn around in the edge of Deputatsky, the coast of the Laptev Sea, Sakha Republic, Russia. A smirk filled with the thrill of excitement Hideyoshi thought to himself 'Let the Venture Begin." I hope you all like the story, if you do tell me what you think in the review section. It would be great if you could tell me what you like or did not like about the story, and any queries you have. I can't update that quickly but i try hard to not give up on stories. So read and enjoy. PLEASE PLEASE REVIEW, IT MAKES ME HAPPY AND I'LL STRIVE TO FIND TIME TO UPDATE FASTER !