in?" "It must have arrived earlier while I was in the garden," Molly explained. "It was hiding under The Evening Prophet , so I missed it. Oh, Arthur, isn't it wonderful?" Arthur pulled her close and kissed her forehead. "That it is, Mollywobbles. That it is." The following morning, Percy tiptoed out of the bedroom and into the kitchen. While Audrey liked to sleep in on weekends, Percy was naturally an early riser and was always up at dawn, regardless of the day. He didn't mind; it gave him time to enjoy a cup of tea while intently scanning over The Daily Prophet or the few chapters in whatever book he was reading. In return, his preference to turn in early allowed night-owl Audrey to have an hour or two to read or paint in the evenings. After fixing himself some tea in his favorite mug, he shuffled into the sitting room while yawning and running a hand through his hair. As always, he went to the door first to grab the newspaper, but that wasn't all he found on that particular morning. In addition to a pile of letters, an owl he recognized to be Charlie's was snoozing on his welcome mat. "Well, what have you got there?" Percy chuckled to himself, detaching the letter as carefully as he could so he wouldn't wake the sleeping bird. It was a futile attempt; the owl was roused from his sleep and he hooted affectionately when Percy offered him two treats. He read the short note from Charlie: Percy- Glad to hear you finally set a date! Count me in for the big day. The invite said I can bring a guest. Can that be a friend? If yes, put me down for a guest, too. If not, I'll be coming alone. That okay? See you soon! Love, Charlie Percy wrote a quick response to his brother, assuring him that it was perfectly okay to bring a friend, and sent the patient owl on his way. He grabbed the rest of the mail, and though he knew exactly what was in each envelope, he smiled as he opened each one. All of his family had responded to confirm their attendance, all while adding in their congratulations, well wishes, and gentle jabbing for taking so long. "Good morning." Startled, Percy looked up. He was surprised to see Audrey standing in the doorway, hair tousled from sleep and her bathrobe wrapped protectively around herself. "What are you doing up so early?" Percy asked. He opened his arms, beckoning for her to join him. Audrey sat on his lap and leaned back against him, resting her head on his shoulder. "Couldn't sleep. Kept thinking about the wedding. What's all this?" "Oh, you know. Responses." Audrey raised an eyebrow and grinned. "And?" Percy laughed. "Of course they're all coming." "Well, I kind of figured as much," she giggled. "What did Bill and Fleur say about Victoire?" "They love the idea." "And do Harry and Ginny plan to bring the baby?" "Yup." "What about Charlie? Is he bringing a date?" "Friend, not date," Percy clarified. "And yes." "Anything from Andromeda yet? Or Oliver? Oh, and what about Professor McGonagall?" "Nothing yet," Percy chuckled, "but to be fair, we did send them out only yesterday." "I know. I'm just so excited!" Audrey sang. "I probably won't hear anything from my family for a week at the very least. Muggle mail is so slow !" "Don't worry, they'll all be here," Percy assured her. "I know. So, what's the matter?" "Hm?" "You're tense." "I'm not tense." "Yes, you are," Audrey reiterated. "You tensed up the moment I mentioned my family. What's wrong? You've met them all and they already love you." "It's not that." "Is it because the wedding is at The Burrow? We've gone over it a ton of times. There are charms to make the house look… well, not lopsided and wizard-ish to their eyes. We won't do the wand binding until after they've all left. I made sure to put an address on their invitations that will lead them directly to The Burrow when they plug it into their GPSs. "GP what?" "Nothing. The point is, it's going to be fine , I promise." "It's not your family I'm worried about," Percy laughed. "It's mine." "What about them?" "You know. George and his pranks. Dad and his endless list of questions about Muggle things. Ginny going on about Quidditch all the time. And you know what happens every time my family gets together. Hijinks and shenanigans are bound to happen." "Then let them happen," Audrey said with a shrug. She gently cupped his face and smile. "I wouldn't have it any other way. I love you, I love your family, and I'm honored to be marrying into it, shenanigans and all." "You sure about that? You can still back out, you know," Percy joked. "Uh-uh. Invitations are out, remember?" Audrey replied cheekily, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek. "Shenanigans it is!" Author's Note: *kicks open door of the Great Hall* I am BACK! It's been over two years since I've written for Harry Potter, and it feels amazing to be back at it again! I've missed Hogwarts, the Weasleys, butterbeer, and all my favorite things within the wizarding world. This particular story (er, this chapter) was written... two years ago, I think? I never felt the urge to write the follow-up, so I didn't bother uploading. However, about a week ago, something propelled me to revisit this story, and wouldn't you know, I'm halfway done with Chapter 2. So, I figured it was time, and here it is. :) That being said, as this story was imagined/planned out quite a while ago, there's a chance some small things may contradict tidbits of information J.K. Rowling has announced here and there. Anyway, enough yammering. This story is going to be pretty much all Weasley shenanigans, so I hope you enjoy! Thanks for reading! :)