face as he leaned down, gently putting Parker on his cot. He carefully pulled his shoes off and covered him with his Chudley Cannons blanket. "Thanks mate," Ron said to his eldest son. "You sure you don't want to crash here?" Lavender asked, grabbing Hugo's hand. He politely smiled as he pulled his hand back. "I appreciate the offer, but Albus, Fred, and Louis are waiting for me. We're going to play some games before bed." "Don't stay up to late, you hear?" Ron said with a chuckle. "And you four stay out of trouble." "Which is why I have to go," Hugo replied. "I'm the moral center of that group." "You're like your mother that way," Ron replied as Lavender frowned. She always frowned when Hermione was mentioned. "I'll walk you back to your room." Hugo waived him off. "I'm fine, Dad. Really. It's just two floors up." Ron walked over to Lavender and kissed her temple. "I'll be right back." Lavender fluttered her eyelashes in a way that both Hugo and Rose found annoying and hugged Ron's arm. "Don't be long, darling." "Of course," Ron replied with a lovesick smile. Hugo walked out of the room, and Ron followed him, out the door and down the hall. Hugo looked a lot like his father did when he was younger - tall and gangly with ginger hair - but his eyes and his nose were very much his mother's. His mother often said as he got older, he looked more and more like his maternal grandfather, whom he'd never met. Hugo and his father walked in silence for a bit towards the elevator of the French chateau turned holiday resort. Stabbing the lift button to go up, Ron cleared his throat. Hugo looked at his father. "Dad, whatever it is you have to say, just say it." Ron chuckled. "What makes you think I have anything to say?" "You always have something to say, Dad," Hugo replied. "And you aren't walking me up to my room because I'm a child, so what is it?" Ron shrugged his shoulders, shoving his hands into his pants pockets. "I just…I feel like the older you and Rosie get, the more distant you become." "That's not exactly our fault though, right?" Hugo replied, choosing his words slowly and carefully. The lift doors opened and the two walked inside, Hugo punching the floor his room was on. "I know you both were hurt, when your mother and I divorced," Ron said as the lift shut. "But it had nothing to do with you two. I've told you that." Hugo yanked at the knot in his tie. "Dad, look. We love you alright? You're our dad. But Mum…she's our mum, you know? And you left her. I'm glad you're happy and whatever with Lavender, but she's annoying as hell and she makes Rose completely mental. And I'm pretty sure Parker bit Louis tonight so hard it broke his skin for no other reason than he could. And Paisley -" "The twins are a handful yes. And I know Lav can be, a bit overbearing," Ron acknowledged. "But it comes from a good place. She's just desperate for the two of you to see her like a mother -" "But we already have one," Hugo said as the lift doors opened. He walked out, and turned around to face his father. "Look - Rose and I are here because you asked us to and Mum told us to come. So we did. Just - don't push it ok? Especially with Rose" "Speaking of your sister," Ron said with a slight grouse, walking out of the lift. "Is there something going on with her and that bloody Malfoy boy?" "That's not my business to discuss," Hugo replied. "Great," Ron groaned. "And I'm sure your mother is just over the bloody moon about it, eh?" Hugo pulled the tie off his neck, balling it up in his his hand as he clenched it. "Mum has always been supportive of what makes us happy." He shoved the tie into his jacket pocket and stopped at the room he and his cousins were staying. He could hear them on the other side talking. "Look - I'm sorry you think we've been distant. It wasn't intentional -" "You sure about that?" Ron asked. He nodded. "It wasn't for me at least. I just - I have friends, and sports, and school work. Plus I'm working this summer." "Working? Where? Not at the joke shop." "No - I'm doing summer work for Mr. Malfoy," Hugo replied. "He's changing the way he keeps his files, and offered to pay me this summer to help reorganize and sort his office." The tips of Ron's ears were burning red. "So not only is my daughter dating the son of a man I truly hate, but my son is going to work for that bleeding kid's father?" "It's good money," Hugo flatly replied. "And I think I to be a barrister when I grow up. I thought it would be nice to see what it's all about before I decide." Ron's jaw clenched as he swallowed hard. "I do not want you working for a Malfoy. You hear me?" "It's too late to say no, Dad. I already committed." "Then undo it ." "No." "Hugo -" "Dad -" he interrupted his father as he stood up straight. "I love you. I do. I can tell you don't think that's true but if you can't believe the words coming from my mouth I'm not sure what to do about it. But I will work for Mr. Malfoy this summer. Mum has already approved it. You're literally the only one that still carries a grudge towards him and his son. You need to get over it." Before his father could form a retort, his anger clearly inhibiting his ability to form coherent words, Hugo used his room key and entered his room, shutting the door on his father.