Potter." The huge man used a huge handkerchief to blow his nose noisily. "I know." Sirius did not seem to know what else to say as he looked at the body that was a placeholder for his best friend's wife. "Why are you here Hagrid?" "Dumbledore sent me to take little Harry to him." Two huge hands were used to wipe away the tears that were still rolling down his cheeks. "Good man, Dumbledore." "Dumbledore, right. You take…Harry to Dumbledore. You can borrow my bike. I have something I need to take care of." Sirius quickly lifted a silent Rigel and handed him to Hagrid before leaving the room without saying anything else. Rigel then had to endure a nauseating ride on a motorbike that actually flew , while the large man simply held him in the crook of his elbow. Rigel ended up staying as still as possible in the attempt to prevent a situation where he could easily been dropped. He didn't bother looking around until they had landed and the large man took him into what appeared to be a castle. They met Dumbledore in a hallway and Hagrid did not notice anything odd as he handed the child he was carrying to the old man before he was told to get something to eat in the kitchens. Rigel however, noticed that the suggestion to visit the kitchens was accompanied by a little wand waving. Dumbledore then carried Rigel into what appeared to be his office, where Lily and James Potter were waiting with their Harry Potter sitting on his father's lap and slobbering all over his robes. Dumbledore waved his wand and conjured a play pen beside his chair before he deposited the baby and sat down. "What are we going to do, Albus?" James asked quietly. "We continue, my boy. The plan is not finished yet, but it is still useful. Right now the wizarding world is already singing the praises of your son. While Lord Voldemort is not gone for good, neither is the child that is playing the part of your son. We will just have to see this through a little longer." Dumbledore looked at the two adults in front of him for a moment before continuing. "It is for the Greater Good, my boy." Both nodded and repeated "for the Greater Good" before Dumbledore continued. "Now then, you two and Harry must stay in hiding until Lord Voldemort is truly dead. Hopefully the child will die at the same time, but if he survives again, we can always wipe his memory and bind his magic like the children we have passed off as squibs over the years. I think it would be best to send this child to your sister Lily. She hates magic and will ensure that he is humble and easy to manipulate against the Dark Lord when he receives his Hogwarts letter. I will then be able to use the boy to bait Lord Voldemort into a confrontation again. Once they have both been taken care of, you can reenter society and Harry can take the place of the fake." Lily and James exchanged a look before nodding their heads in agreement. "We need this to look as real as possible, so I will take up the position of Harry Potter's Magical Guardian. I will go to the bank and move some Galleons to a new Vault that will be for your personal use. The majority will remain in the family vault, and of course the family vault will be used to fill the heir vault when there is a withdraw." "Isn't that a bit risky? What if the boy spends all of our money before we are rid of him?" James looked worried. "I doubt the boy will be able to spend much of the money. I will have the keys and will ensure that they stay in my possession or at the very least that he has no opportunity to go into Diagon Alley himself. We will plan more once I get the child over to your sister's. I will have Hagrid take him there as I am fairly sure that Minerva is already there. I do not want her to know that I have already seen the child tonight." Nothing much more was said before he was once again handed off to the huge man and flown over the countryside. It was only slightly less nauseating the second time. Rigel then had the dubious pleasure of being left on the doorstep of a very normal looking house. It was hours before exhaustion forced Rigel into sleep, something he wanted to avoid just in case a pack of rabid dogs came this way or something. He was not allowed to sleep for long though, as he was abruptly awoken by the shriek of a horse faced woman. Not to long after that, he was shoved onto a crib mattress that had been placed in the cupboard under the stairs and mostly forgotten about. For the most part, the next few years were spent with Rigel ignoring the Dursleys and them ignoring him. Lately, however, Rigel had noticed that the looks they were giving him were changing. A normal child would not know what that look was, but Rigel did. He could see the hatred growing in their eyes now that he was about to start school and it would be harder for them to ignore his existence. Turning his attention to the door of his cupboard, he could hear Petunia moving around in the kitchen. Smirking as he pushed open his little door, Rigel prepared to confront his 'aunt.' It was time to make a change. This time around he would do things his way. My name is not John Smyth; it is not Harry James Potter. My name is Rigel Kol Lestrange, and this time…I know who I am. dinistrio'r bygythiad i'r tywyllwch - destroy the threat to the darkness- google translate Welsh to English.