what had made them such great Quidditch players. They enjoyed the attention and the thrill of the risk involved in the game. She was more calculated, more grounded. Being an Auror was not the appropriate place for her. From a young age, she had been concerned about the well being of others, a trait she had inherited from her parents. She wanted to bring that concern to the Ministry. S.P.E.W. may have been a short-lived attempt for equality at Hogwarts, but with the backing of the Ministry, she knew she could create real change in the world. Determine, she fished a book out of her bag. McGonagell had obtained her a first edition of Newt Scamander's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them and had suggested she also buy a copy of the Element Encyclopedia of Magical Creatures. Hermione had read Scamander's book several times, so she opted for the Encyclopedia. She turned to the section on the Aitvaras, a rare and dangerous shape-shifting creature. Included in the description was a list of last known sightings. She was reviewing the various countries when she heard the door slide open. "Granger." Hermione nearly dropped her book. Her eyes met Draco Malfoy's grey orbs. He stood in the doorway, bag in hand. Before she could object he sat down across from her. He closed his eyes and stretched out. She glared at him, closing her book, and crossing her arms over her chest. "Malfoy?" He didn't respond at first. She continued to stare until he opened his eyes back up. "Don't hurt yourself, Granger. The other cars are full." "I was reading." "So read." He shrugged, closing his eyes again. He shifted slightly, attempting to get comfortable. He dropped his feet on her bench, sinking deeper into his seat. "You're in Ginny's spot." "Weaselette is busy. I don't think she'll be coming back any time soon." "How-." "I'm tired, Granger. Mind shutting it?" Hermione fought the urge to slap him. Only Malfoy would feel so entitled that he would have the confidence to sit down in her car and ask her to be quiet. Prat , she thought annoyed. After several long moments, he hadn't moved. Hermione sighed. When he didn't move again, she reached down for her book and continued to read. At least he was a quiet unwanted guest. After a while, the train came to a stop. Hermione put her belongings away. Malfoy hadn't moved since he had laid down. His legs were across the compartment, blocking her from leaving. She could hear the other students making their way out to the platform. Her compartment companion hadn't even flinched. "Malfoy." No response. "Malfoy, we're here." Still no response. "Malfoy, I'm going to turn you back into a ferret if you don't move." Hermione raised her wand. "Bossy, aren't we?" He straightened up from his seat, slowly lowering his feet off her seat and getting up. "Guess Weasel doesn't put up much of a fight, huh?" Hermione didn't respond to his bait. She pulled her bag shut, keeping her back to him. "Myself, I like a push and pull. Makes things more interesting." Hermione tried to walk past him, but he dropped his bag in the doorway. "In a rush?" "Move." "I know you were raised poor, Granger, but that's no excuse for bad manners." "Git." "Not very nice." Hermione shoved past him, finally not caring if any of the other students saw her or heard her. She simply wanted to finish out her year at Hogwarts, earn her N.E.W.T.S. and go on to work. She was not going to allow someone as petty as Draco Malfoy interfere with that plan. He would be in the Dungeons and Potions the majority of his time. After today, she could easily avoid him. She would return to her sanctuary, the library, and bury herself in knowledge. There wasn't a need to fight with ferret-boy. He was just trying to get a rise out of her while he could before they both went their separate ways. As she exited the train car, she noticed the Headmistress standing on the edge of the platform. "Oh good, you're both here," McGonagell acknowledged them, as Malfoy appeared next to her. "Professor?" Hermione questioned. "Ms. Granger," McGonagell nodded to Hermione. "Mr. Malfoy," she nodded to the smug student to Hermione's right. "You have been named Head Girl and Head Boy, respectively, for this year. Congratulations." She handed them each a scroll. "You will find all the details of your assignment in these. Your Prefects this year are also listed in the scrolls. Since the renovations are still underway, we've secured you new chambers on the sixth floor. You can each create your own personal password for your entry." "Thank you, Professor. I-." "You'll have to excuse me. I need to attend to the welcoming ceremony." Professor McGonagell looked over her shoulder to wear Hagrid was standing with a lantern. He gave a quick wave at Hermione. "I have high expectations of both of you while in this position. Do not make me rethink my decision." "Yes, Professor," they both responded. "Good. I'll see you both at the feast. I'll make a formal announcement to the students there. Congratulations." She headed off past Hagrid back to the castle. Hermione was left standing on the platform stunned. She had strived for Prefect status. Head Girl was another achievement she had longed for. She had never anticipated Malfoy being the Head Boy. The position would look exceptional on her application to the Ministry, especially when it was attached with her N.E.W.T.S. scores. But could she survive an entire year of being called 'Mudblood' and dealing with the hostile treatment from the ferret? She looked over at Malfoy for the first time since McGonagell's announcement. He was smirking. "Roomie." He mock bowed at her and strolled down the platform to the carriages, whistling to himself. With an inward groan, Hermione followed. It's going to be a long year , she thought.