Walden Macnair staggered out of the Snake's Fang a little after two in the morning. After trying, and failing to walk in a straight line down the road, he surrendered to the alcohol in his system, and slowly staggered down the road, with his shoulder on the wall, pushing himself along. "Mushta drunk more than I thought." he grumbled to himself. "What kinda bloody pub shtops sherving thish early." "You'll have had your last drink then?" came a voice from behind him. Macnair turned around to see a figure dressed all in black perched on a wall. His vision was so blurred, he could barely make them out from the shadows around them. From the voice, he assumed it was a girl. "Who the hell are you?" he slurred. "You don't recognise me, Macnair?" the girl asked, leaping down from her perch. "Wait, you? The Lestrange's bastard child…. Uh…. Sally?" "Selene. Selene Lestrange. I'm also the girl that the Dark Lord turns to, if he has a problem." "Well, what do you want? You want me to buy you a drink? Is that it? Well, tough luck. I'm all outta galleons." Macnair chuckled. "Nothing quite so… Crass. No, like I said, I get rid of the Dark Lord's problems." Selene said, smiling at the man. Faster than the older, drunk Death Eater could respond, Selene had drawn a knife, and jammed it into Macnair's left eye. The man screamed in pain. "Argh! You little bitch!" he roared, staggering backwards. "We're only getting started, Walden." Selene chuckled, drawing another knife. Macnair, drew his wand and aimed it at Selene's chest. The pain from his eye seemed to sober him somewhat, though Selene noticed that his wand arm was shaking. "I told them they should've left you to rot!" Macnair spat. "I told them! And they didn't listen!". Macnair shot a curse at Selene. The girl lazily sidestepped it, and shot a quick cutting curse at his legs. Macnair grunted in pain, as the curse made a small gash in his leg. Selene quickly fired off several more. Several small cuts appeared on his face, arms and chest. The man moaned in pain. Selene sent a bone breaking curse at his legs, causing him to drop to his knees. "You little bitch!" he cried. "I'll kill you! I'll kill you! And your mother! And your father! I'll kill them all!" he screamed at her. "Careful now, Walden." Selene smirked at him. "Wouldn't want you to lose your head." "What the hell are you on about?!" he yelled. But his answer never came. The last thing Walden Macnair saw was a jet of purple light headed straight for him. Then, there was blackness. Selene watched in fascination as Macnair's head slid from his neck and hit the floor with a thud. Blood spurted out of the stump, spraying over the wall behind him. Then, the body fell to the ground, unmoving. Selene picked up the head, and disapparated on the spot. 1 st November 1997- Riddle Manor 10:24 Voldemort sat in the chair at his desk, listening to Lucius Malfoy relay his latest report. "I am quite certain that the Minister is unaware of our machinations within the ministry." "Excellent, thank you, Lucius. Is-" Voldemort began, but was cut off when the door opened and Selene stepped in. "My Lord, I've… Oh, sorry. I didn't know you had company. I can come back." "No, no, it is quite alright. Come in, Selene." Voldemort smiled. "And do stop calling me that.". Selene blushed and stepped closer to the desk. "Uncle Lucius? Is that you?" "Hello dear." Lucius smiled at his niece. "It's been a long time since I saw you." "At least a year. I thought you were in Albania?" Selene grinned, wrapping her uncle in a hug. "I was, trying to convince the werewolves to side with us in the coming war. I got back and was immediately assigned to assessing the current minister's knowledge of our movements." "And?" she asked, releasing the man. "I doubt that he'd realise it was us if we were to go in, wearing our uniforms and shoot the dark mark into the sky." "Fudge always was an idiot." Selene giggled. "Yes, but that is exactly what makes him a threat." Voldemort frowned. "Speaking of threats to our organisation. How is Macnair?" "Macnair? Walden Macnair?" Lucius frowned. "Surely he hasn't turned his back on us?" "He rather foolishly thought he could pit us against the ministry." Voldemort sighed. "I showed him the error of his ways." Selene grinned, pulling a small box out of her pocket, and enlarging it wandlessly. She threw it to Voldemort, who caught it. He opened the box, and paled considerably. "This is Walden Macnair's head." "That is Walden Macnair's head." "Was the killing curse too simplistic?" Voldemort sighed. "I never liked the man." Selene shrugged. "I brought him back a bottle of firewhiskey." Lucius whispered in her ear. "I'm definitely winning the best gift competition.". Selene rolled her eye's. "Don't worry, I got some for you too." "Well, at least he's out of the way now." said Voldemort, throwing the box and its contents into the fire. "Next time, please don't bring me back a trophy." "I thought a scumbag like Macnair warranted a little harsher punishment." said Selene. "I suppose you can't be raised for 16 years by Rodolphus and Bellatrix Lestrange without picking up a little of their mannerisms." shrugged Lucius. "Quite." agreed Voldemort. "Well, excellent work as always Selene." "Thank you, Uncle Tom." "Uncle Tom?" "Well, you said you didn't want me to call you 'My Lord', right?" Selene asked. "And you've always said that we're practically family, so Uncle Tom." Voldemort laughed. "Uncle Tom, yes, yes… I like that. My dear sweet Selene.". He picked up the firewhiskey that Lucius had brought back for him. "A toast." he declared, pouring three glasses, handing one each to Lucius and Selene, then picking up the third for himself. "To Selene Lestrange."