great haste and approached the house. Simple manners would command him knocking, but seeing as the door was off its hinges and laying in the bed, he resumed right inside without blinking. As the inside was bathed in darkness, the first thing Severus encountered was the smell; Sulpher dioxide and hydrogen sulfide - being a potionéer, he knew the terminology, but by commonly used names; Death, it was the potent stench of death. If he himself hadn't grown accustomed to it, he would probably have an urge to empty his stomach, but he could fight it. He raised his wand; "Lumos!" The shadows stretched deep and darkly in contrast with the green glow, but nobody was there - and the state of it all... it was horrendous. "Misses Botts, are you there?" Severus said in a clear voice whilst looking up the stairs. He waited. No answer. He expected the worst, considering the state of things. "I'm coming up..." he made his way up with every plank squeaking under his pressure, "... please don't be alarmed and stay calm!" The sound unnerved him; The wind shook the four corners of the house, the crackling thundering-light illuminated through the holes in the roof, but of all the things - the silence in between. The walls also seemed to speak in a low screeching. Rats , he thought as he reached the second floor. The hallway was long and pitch black - he couldn't see the end. He slowly made his way, and just a moment before it was too late, noticed the gaps in the floor. "Reparo," he muttered silently - the splinters, knots, and whatnot returned to fill in the floor. He continued slowly down towards the end. As the green light revealed the end of the hall, he shivered - he gasped. At first glance, it looked like someone had awkwardly tried to fix a wall by using floorboards, but after a second it hit him. It was a boarded door - it looked as if someone had tried to stop something horrible from getting out. And that was not all. An unhealthily thin young kid was sitting with its back against the door, long black hair spilling over the face - hiding it. Severus could assume that this would be Barthanial and moved carefully closer. "Barthanial, is that you?" he asked in the most sincere voice he could muster. The boys head rose inhumanly fast, and one red eye stared through the heap of hair - it was wide and penetrating, and all too familiar. But more nauseating was the expression he wore. Severus had seen the same face many times after tedious trials in the ministry; the face after a dementors kiss - emotionless, soulless, and empty. "Aunty's awake now..." he said as if he were speaking under veritaserum, though Severus noticed his body trembling somewhat. He decided to move a tad closer and asked: "Barthanial, where is your Aunt?" The boy's eye flashed hard and the light from the wand was seemingly pushed back and away from him - towards Severus. "Lumos!" he said, and the light was forced back to the kid. "Where is she, Barthanial?" Barthanial had moved his hand up, as to keep the light away from his face. "Please don't hurt her sir..." the boy fell to his side, hitting the floor - Severus stepped over and turned his face up. His eyes were closed now. Despite the messy hair and dirt-spotted face, Severus found him looking rather innocent and angelic. Exhausted and unconscious , he thought as he turned his head towards the door. The professor got on his feet again and made a firm grip on the wand - the stench of death was sharp here. He swished his wand in an upward motion, and the five planks keeping the door closed were cleaved in half, fell to the floor, producing an eruption of dust to fill the air. Severus sneezed and swished his wand again, "Evanesco!" The dust disappeared and using the tip of his still drenched boot pushed the door open. The light from his wand had a tough time penetrating the murkiness, but when a couple of seconds had gone by, Severus truly wished he could have continued to stand oblivious. A black tar with the smell of dried blood took center stage in the chamber - moving, and foaming slightly with bones sticking out. It was awfully repugnant and wrong. It was unethical, deeply disturbing, and Severus had a hard time moving from the spot. "Missis Katheryn..?" he asked in a dry manner, reasoning she should be in here somewhere. He started to notice containers and cauldrons laying about the floor in great piles, and keeping his wand pointing on the abomination, made his way throughout to investigate. Even though it was hard to smell anything other than odious rot, he could still identify the contents. Essence of Dittany, Pepperup Potion , he thought as he sniffed some bottles, Baruffio's Brain Elixir, Mopsus Potion, and Murtlap Essence . He continued for a couple of minutes when it started to dawn on him. Stupid, stupid boy ... he thought, looking at the bony pile of bubbling tar, Making some kind of abominable fancy, were you boy? He had barely been though half of the messy containers, but from what he understood the boy had been experimenting - probably on himself as well. Many of the potions and herbs frankly didn't make any sense to him - combinations he had never heard of and in unusual colors. He could, however, decipher one of these combinations - he looked at the cursed creature on the floor. He didn't give it a second thought, "Avada Kedavra," he uttered with a pointed wand. What was left of Missis Katheryn fizzed and seized existing. The silence had been broken, but the rain was still hammering down hard as Severus took the boy in his arms and apparated away from that horrid cottage.