summer holiday. I was abused and I have never been the same since then. My uncle would whip me with his belt before raping me in the hallway. Afterward, he made me clean the hallway, then threw me into the cupboard under the stairs for days at a time without food or water. Can you still love me after finding this out?" Harry had to push to get all of this out, but he felt he could trust Lupin with this. He felt that he owed Lupin something, since he just found out about his biggest secret that not even his wife knew about. He needed to tell Lupin this in order to help him. "Of course, Harry! Nothing about your past or what happened to you could change how I see you or how I feel about you. Why didn't you tell anybody about what was happening?" Lupin asked. "Then why would I feel any differently about what you've been through?" Harry muttered. "I didn't tell anybody because I didn't want you guys to worry. I didn't want to run the risk of you guys paying a visit to my uncle to make him pay for what he had done, and I didn't want you thrown into Azkaban. Plus, up until quite recently, I believed I deserved everything Uncle Vernon did to me." He whispered this so quietly Lupin had to strain to hear him. "Because mine was self-inflicted, yours wasn't up to you. It wasn't your fault that your Uncle abused you, but it is my fault that I cut myself. You shouldn't have been scared to tell me, Harry. I would have helped, I care about you. Despite my issues, you still seem to care about me, for some unknown reason, and I care about you just as much. And why on earth would you think you deserved any of those things?" Lupin whispered. "That doesn't matter. I will love you no matter what you've been through or what you have done to yourself. You matter to me Remus. I couldn't imagine what my life would be like now if I had not met you. I love you and that will never change. Learning that you were a werewolf didn't change how I felt about you, why would finding out you cut yourself?" Harry responded. "I know you wouldn't have been as bad as, say, Sirius if you had found out while it was still going on, however I was still worried that you would end up hurting my uncle and ending up in Azkaban, and I couldn't handle losing you, especially after Sirius died. And nobody cared about me before I went to Hogwarts. Abuse was the only life I knew. Afterward, Snape constantly told me how terrible I was, which supported what my uncle always said. I have fully forgiven Snape for what he said now, however it just helped to reinforce what Vernon said, so I never thought any differently until my seventeenth birthday, when everyone told me how much they loved me and everything. I realized I never deserved anything my uncle inflicted on me." Lupin didn't even reply, he just grabbed Harry and pulled him into a tight hug. Harry wrapped his arms around Lupin's waist and back and held on. He wanted to make sure Lupin knew he was loved and cared for, and that he didn't want to see him doing any more harm to himself. "Harry, you deserved nothing that man did to you. I'm so sorry this happened. While I wish you would have told me while it as still happening, thank you for telling me now. I know you did it to help me, and for that I will be forever grateful." Lupin whispered in Harry's ear. "I love you, Remus, I hope you know that." Harry whispered into Lupin's ear. Lupin smiled, his first true smile in weeks. "I love you too, Harry." … Harry was sitting in the front row of Lupin and Tonks's funeral, remembering this day. Lupin had used the mirror a few times, and Harry had stopped him from relapsing. Harry briefly saw Lupin at Hogwarts on the day he died. He remembered running up to Lupin and hugging him tightly, telling him to be careful and that he loved him. He never saw Lupin alive again. Harry missed Lupin dearly, but he knew he would be very happy now that he was back with Sirius and Harry's parents, and he was happy for him. Though Harry dearly wished he could see Lupin one more time, hear his hoarse voice again or feel his strong arms holding him one more time, he knew it was impossible. The old wizard talking up on the stage was talking about accomplishments and achievements, talking about how Tonks was an Auror and Lupin had been a professor, that both had been loyal to the Order and taking down Voldemort to their dying breath, but Harry wasn't listening. He was thinking of the fun times he had had with Tonks and Lupin, and of the serious ones, where Lupin asked Harry to be Teddy's godfather and when Harry talked Lupin out of relapsing. Accomplishments weren't who Lupin and Tonks were, and Harry didn't want to hear about them when he could be remembering the good times. Harry looked down at the baby in his arms. He was sucking is thumb and smiling up at Harry, a small tuft of blue hair growing out of his scalp. Harry knew that there was no way he would be able to speak to Lupin again, so he would settle for being the very best godfather to Teddy that he could be. He wanted to make sure that Teddy knew who his parents were, how amazing and loving they were. That was the only way he could hold onto Lupin, to make sure he would never forget how amazing he was. That was the least he could do for his Moony.