"If it wasn't her, it would have been you. The diary leeches onto a soul, whichever one pours itself onto the pages, and siphons the life from them, feeding it to me. I decided I rather liked you, and that another soul would have to do in your place. It took a bit of doing- some rather archaic usage of blood magic, but it did the trick you see." He thumped a hand against a side, as if it was evidence of how alive he was. That he was flesh and blood and muscles and tissues instead of ink and paper. So that was it then? Ginny had died so that Harry wouldn't- yet another instance in his life in which he had lived, another falling in his place. If possible, the guilt mounted even more within him, and he clenched his jaw, ground the crowns of his teeth together. Tom took several steps forward, kicking pebbles out before him as he did so. Harry made to step back, to jab his wand forward, but branches burst through the earth, flinging dirt as they wrapped around his ankles, winding tightly around his clothed legs and locking him in place. He stumbled, waving his arms to prevent himself from falling backwards, when an unseen force tugged at his wand, pulling it from his grasp. It flew in an arc in the air, settling in Tom's outstretched hand as his fingers curled around it. He held it up, twirling it within his fingers experimentally, skewing his lips in thought. "It's not as good as mine was, but extraordinarily close. Phoenix feather?" he asked. "Go to hell," Harry seethed, digging nails so deeply into his palm that he drew blood. Tom took another step forward, until he stood directly before Harry, using the tip of the wand to push aside the air that had fallen over his face. A hand rose, cupping his chin to hold him in place as he looked at the scar with interest, blue eyes narrowed. "You are far more special than you give yourself credit for, Harry Potter," he murmured. And then he bent his head, placing a chaste kiss to the small fragments cutting over Harry's skin. It sparked, as if electrified, and something shot through him, something delicious and euphoric as if he were whole and complete and Harry was horrified to realize that he had leaned forward, a hand raised pressed flat against Tom's chest to steady himself. He quickly brought it back to his side, struggling against the hand that held onto his chin, a second hand reaching out and wrapping around his upper arm. "I'm not special. I'm nothing. Why don't you just kill me and get it over with then? Isn't that what you want- why you tried to kill me in the first place when I was a baby?" Tom eyes flashed, the blue turning into red so quickly, so wholly, that it seemed to happen all at once, instead of a transition. The fingers around his chin tightened their hold, nails digging into flesh. "NO!" he roared, and Harry stiffened at the fire in his voice, at the warning that lurked beneath the words. Tom spoke again, his words lower and quieter yet far more frightening, the hair on Harry's arm standing on end. "Nothing will harm you, not if I have anything to say about it. Not me, not Dumbledore, and certainly not that pathetic creature, searching for a new host to play parasite with until he can fix the mess he got himself into." It took only a second for Harry to understand what he meant by creature. Voldemort, the sliver of the man that had fed off Quirrell in his first year. He furrowed his brows at that. Were there two of them then? The younger version of him, stepping out from the encrypted pages of a book, and the one that had always existed, the one that had killed his mother and father? And Tom was planning on...protecting him from Voldemort? The hand on his chin moved, running through Harry's hair and disheveling it before settling on the back of his neck. "Yes, it does mean I'm protecting you from him ." If anything, it was more disconcerting to be offered his protection than to be threatened, and Harry squirmed against the hands that wrapped around him. The roots had risen to his hip, snaking further along him and holding him in place, and he could only wriggle his torso. "Let me go," Harry hissed, raising his hands and shoving against Tom. Not as if it would accomplished much, as he couldn't run anyway, bound by the branches that were thick as his calves. But Tom's grip was too tight on him, and he was too sturdy, and he remained standing before Harry, fingers dinging into his arm, hand cradling his neck. Tom shook his head, making the curl fall in front of his face. "You can't leave me, you can never leave me. Where ever you go I will follow, and where ever you hide I will find you. Even in the deepest depths of the ocean, or in death. You are mine and you belong to me, my love." He spoke the words, his voice hardly above a whisper, as if he were making a vow to a lover. A desperate sob broke from between Harry's lips, and he shook with anger. Anger that he had ever seen Malfoy slip the journal into Ginny's cauldron, anger that he had taken it and wrote within its pages. Anger that he fell for it, for every caring word, for every pretty lie and broken promise. Anger that he offered his soul away, that he had killed someone else in his own place. And all over a book; a simple, blank diary. It was something so simple. Something so so unassuming, so innocent seeming. It was just a book. What harm had ever come from a book?