little Weaslette enamored with you, because no one else will ever want you. Without her, you will die alone, because there is no one else would could ever possibly deal with you. I know I would never be able to. " Draco drawled cruelly, knowing that it was harsh for someone who had just given something so precious to him back, but just so fucking angry at those eyes looking up at him with that expression. He whirled around angrily just as the door opened, revealing his nearly-ready-to-have-an-emotional-breakdown-but-hoping-to-make-it-home-because-that-was-the-Pureblood-way mother. He put a hand around her shoulder, and she nearly collapsed against him. He turned his head subtly, just barely catching the expression on Potters face out of the corner of his eyes, and upon seeing it, gripping his wand in a white-knuckled grip until he made it to the apparition point of the Ministry and sent them back home. That interaction stayed in his mind until the day he boarded the train to take him to Hogwarts again. Then he found out Potter was gay. Oh god, he had wanted to kiss Draco that day outside the courtroom. He wanted Draco in that way. He couldn't believe that. Potter had most like done everything to try and get in his pants! As if he would ever stoop to that level. But in the back of his mind, something nagged him. That hopelessness in those green eyes had seemed so familiar. The way Potter looked at him was so strange. It was a way he had never seen anyone look at him before except for his… he wasn't even going to compare them. They were on completely different levels. He was the fucking Savoir of the Wizarding World. He could get over his stupid crush. It wasn't Draco's fault he was gorgeous. So why did his heart feel weird when he looked around the Great Hall, tables full and first years getting sorted, and he didn't see Potter? / If Harry had been weaker than he was, maybe he wouldn't have been able to open the portrait to the entrance of the Last Year dorms. He might be sick and dying from his rejection and his magic being drained, but all that had managed to do is make wandless magic that much easier to him. He was a powerful wizard, he knew that, otherwise he would already be dead. But Harry couldn't fucking go into the Great Hall. He couldn't watch those fucking first years get sorted. He couldn't fucking deal with Ron and Ginny and Hermione and all the things he couldn't tell them and that they certainly didn't understand. And lastly, he couldn't deal with Draco fucking Malfoy and his horrible words and his rejection. But I guess, that would only mean the process would be quicker. He walked through the commons room, up the stairs until he reached the very top, and walked towards the very last room at the end of the hall and opened it. Harry had come back to Hogwarts to help rebuild. McGonagall had found him here on many occasions, and had hinted to the fact that Harry could get placed in this room. It was so far up, and the window showed a view of the Forbidden Forest and the Lake where he had first met Draco in a dream… He didn't want to think about that right now. He stripped from his robes, falling on the bed and closing the curtains around him. He knew he should take some of the potions his Healer said he would need in order to keep himself alive as long as possible. He knew he should be down in the Great Hall, because he knew there would be questions asked. He knew he should be doing everything but moping in a room that possibly wasn't his, but here he was, and he wasn't going to be leaving until the sun rose again. He let those glamour's fall away, his hair falling in disheveled strands all around him and falling softly down his back. And with a choked groan, wings sprouted from his back, showing just how sick he really was. What should have been beautiful white wings, had horrible black creeping through them, starting where they connected to Harry's back, and inching its way out. He let them cover him, wishing if he wasn't going to be a normal Veela (if there even was such a thing) that he could at least not be dying (he wasn't sure he was actually wanted that, but he would like the option). But things were never easy for him. Hermione knew of his 'attraction' (that felt like such a weak word compared to how he felt. Plus, he was 99% sure that if Draco wasn't his mate he wouldn't give a shit about the git). Ron and Ginny and the rest of the Weasley family seemed to have disowned him. He was dying now. Draco had rejected him again and all he wanted to do is cry but that hollowness inside of him just ached too much for him to take the energy to do so. He flicked his wrist a few times, casting a silencing spell and a spell to make sure the curtains stayed close no matter what, and closed his eyes. And all sorts of thought floated around his head before he fell asleep, tucked under his black and white wings. Like, if this was how his first day back was, would it get worse? Would Hermione figure everything out? Would he even get to live to see the end of the school year? But before he could even start to look for answers he fell asleep, away from the life that seemed to give him nothing but problems. / Hello! This is my first attempt at mxm for one of my favorite couples. This story will be mature, so that's just a warning . I would love to hear what you guys have to say.