give me some of that motherly reassurance that everything will turn out for the best. I just want to hear her voice. I know this will never happen, though. She's been dead for as long as I've been alive. Is it possible to miss someone you never really knew? Sometimes I feel like I do miss my mother, but what's there to miss? I have no memories of her. My Aunt Maggie, my mother's older sister, is the one who raised me. She hasn't told me a whole lot about my mother; they loved each other, but being five years apart, they were never exactly close, so my aunt probably doesn't have all that many stories to share. All I know is that my mom became pregnant when she was nineteen, had a troubled pregnancy, and was twenty when she had me. Twenty when she died. The thought that I'm to blame plagues me even though I know it's not true. I know my mother's death wasn't my fault, but sometimes I can't help but think that if it wasn't for me, she'd still be alive and well. No one seems to know much about my father, other than he was some guy my mother met while at school, so I must have been a mistake. Maybe I was never supposed to be here. Now I think about the fact that I'm not even supposed to be here this year. If things go wrong and I'm caught, they'll interrogate me for sure. They could use the Cruciatus, or even Veritaserum. Will I end up giving up the whereabouts of the Weasleys, Tonks, Lupin, and the rest of the Order? Will I confess the purpose of Harry's mission? How many lives am I putting in jeopardy by simply being in a place I'm forbidden to be? I suddenly sit up in my bed and put my face in my hands. I'm going crazy already. I need to get out of this dim room and get some fresh air. Content with that idea, I stand and walk over to my dresser to grab my cherry wand. As I do so, I catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror. My Aunt Maggie has always told me I look so much like my mother did and, judging by the few pictures I've seen of her, I can't help but agree. I'm of average height, like she was. My skin is ivory with a few light, scattered freckles. I even have her eyes: green with a few specks of brown. The only difference is my hair. It's wavy, like hers was, but she was a blonde. My hair is such a dark brown that it could easily be mistaken for black at a quick glance. That must come from my father, whoever he is. I leave my room, ignoring the two untouched plates on the table in the sitting room. I forgot about dinner. I'm not very hungry tonight, anyway, so I wave my wand and make my plate vanish. I leave Draco's just in case, but he's probably having a feast elsewhere with his Dark Side friends. For a second, I feel oddly jealous about this - not that he's in association with the Dark Side, but that he has people he can go hang out with if he wants. Once I leave the room and Robin the Ruthless is back in his place, I begin my trek through the halls. Back at home, whenever I've needed to go somewhere to be alone, I always went to Jenkins Park. It's not even much of a park, really - just a couple of swings and some benches. As it's right around the corner from where we live, I would sneak out at night and go lay in the grass to look at the stars. I love stargazing. It relaxes me, soothes me, gives me hope. Since Jenkins Park isn't an option here, I use the Astronomy Tower. It has more than sufficed over the past six years when I needed a sanctuary, and I suspect I'll be making quite a few visits over the coming months. The only door leading to the small, winding staircase to the top of the tower is ajar, and I don't think too much of it as I proceed to climb the stairs. I'm just about to reach the top and round the corner to the observing area when I hear a voice. A boy's voice. A very familiar boy's voice. Draco's voice. "I just…I can't do it anymore…" he says. "I don't want to do it anymore. I never did. I hate them all…" I peek around the corner, and what I see shocks me. Draco is leaning against the railing, facing the Black Lake and talking to no one. He is shaking slightly, and though he is not crying, I can see old tear stains on his face. I've never seen him look so vulnerable, so pained, so real. He looks up toward the sky and continues to talk. His voice is shaky and sounds as if he's on the verge of tears again. "Some people say you're up there, and if you are, please help me. I know I haven't been a good person, but I can't do this anymore. I don't want to hurt anyone…" Draco breaks down into a sob and mutters something that vaguely sounds like "please." My better judgment tells me to walk back down the stairs and pretend I hadn't seen anything. But something stops me. I can only assume he was referring to the Death Eaters when he was speaking, and if that's the case, he's alone, too. He's like me. I can't leave him. I breath in deeply and step around the wall, walking slowly and cautiously toward him. "Malfoy?" Author's Note: So...there you have it. Like it? Hate it? Please let me know. Any feedback will be extremely helpful. :) Thanks for reading and giving this a chance!