it but I brew what is requested of me." He saw the flash of disappointment on her face but she quickly hid it with an understanding smile. "It's ok." She forced a yawn. "It's been a long day, I think I'll go for a soak in the bath and then head to bed." She lightly touched his arm and kissed his cheek. "Night." He watched her go feeling confused that he felt a little disconcerted that she hadn't made more of an effort to dissuade him. Shaking the irrational thoughts from his brain he concentrated on remembering the recipe for the little used Skele-Gro potion. COSCOS The sun was barely up when Bella quietly descended the stairs to start her morning baking. She sang softly to herself and danced around the kitchen as she prepared the mixture for her dill and onion bread, her family had been home for less than a day and already the house felt happier. Leaving the mix to magically prove she poured a steaming cup of cranberry tea and started to gather the ingredients for the white chocolate cake but hesitant footsteps stopped her. Turning she saw a bleary eyed Harry hovering at the bottom of the stairs, his messy hair sticking up at odd angles and his glasses slightly askew. Her heart swelled with a rush of love at the sight of him. "Good morning sweetheart." She smiled. "Couldn't you sleep?" Leaning her back against the work surface she lazily sipped her tea as he walked towards her shaking his head and scrubbing his eyes with the heel of his palm. For a brief minute he reminded her of the insecure little boy he used to be instead of the pre-teen they'd sent away to school. "Too quiet?" She guessed. "You'll get used to sleeping by yourself again in a couple of days." Harry gave a sleepy grin. "Neville snores, Ron talks in his sleep and his rat runs around the dorm all night." He shuffled forward, moving in closer hoping Aunty Bella would put her arms around him like she used to. Bella smiled a bitter sweet smile as she recognised the childish gesture borne out of his natural insecurity but automatically wrapped her arm his shoulder. That was when she noticed he had something clutched in his left hand. "What've you got there?" Harry blushed slightly. "Oh ... Uhm ... Its a photo album, Hagrid gave it to me..." He clutched it protectively to his chest but twisted his neck round to look wistfully at her. " ...do you want to have a look?" She hugged him tight, pleased that he wanted to share something with her. "Come on let's go outside and watch the sun come up." She waved her wand. "Accio Harry's slippers." Before long they were sitting together on the porch swing, snuggled under a blanket, heads together as Harry proudly showed off his photos. He paused at a picture of himself as a baby surrounded by his Mum and Dad. At first his finger skimmed across his naked forehead, it seemed strange to know he existed before the scar, but then he traced the pretty contours of Lilys face. "I never knew you looked like her before." He glanced quickly at Aunty Bella before returning to his Mums face. Bella slipped her fingers under his chin and brushed aside his messy fringe. "Except her eyes, those she kept especially for you." They both sat in an easy silence for a few minutes, thinking. "Does it bother you that I look so like her?" Bella asked suddenly, a little scared of his answer, but also desperate to know. Harry frowned. "No, I like that you do, its a bit like she's with me and that maybe it was meant to be." His frown turned to worry as he changed his focus to James's face. "Every one says I look like my Dad ..." Bella gave him a moment to carry on but when he didn't say any more she prompted him with a simple "you do." "Quirrell ..." He gave a little shiver that Bella knew had nothing to do with the cold. "...told me that Snape..." He paused but when Aunty Bella didn't scold him for the use of the name he knew she understood and carried on. "hated my Dad and the Headmaster said it was true." Now she understood the boys dilemma and found she couldn't deny it especially as Severus had already admitted to the issue. She wasn't going to lie to him to save her husband, that would be a conversation they would have to have together when they were both ready but she could find a way of kindly giving him something else to think about. "It was along time ago Harry and children can be cruel. But I think James and Severus are a lot more alike than you think. They both loved your Mum and she had a special relationship with both of them at different times in her life. But most importantly they would both die to protect you. They are connected through you and that connection is much stronger than some school boy feud." She kissed his head and extracted herself from the warmth of the blanket. "I'll leave you to think, I've got a cake to make. Do you want a hot chocolate?" Harry stretched and yawned, somewhere in the back of his mind he knew she hadn't really answered his question but he pushed the niggle away, there was other stuff he had to think about now, stuff about his Dad and Godfather that he never knew before. "No thanks, I think I'll go back to bed for a bit." Bella watched him retreat back up the stairs praying she'd done the right thing. "Breakfasts at the usual time." She reminded. "Go quietly, don't wake Hermione or Merlin forbid, your Uncle!" He turned and gave a quick grin before disappearing, maybe everything could be ok after all.