seat and put her arm around Hermione, stroking her hair as her lover cuddled against her. Seeing that Fleur was still gathering her thoughts, she said, "To answer your question about why I had you call Harry's elf, it's fairly simple. His elf somehow recognized the connection all of us share with Harry, and will come when we call. Cho has been able to call on him for several months now, and Hermione and I since around March, which is when the two of us had a serious conversation about our mutual attraction to both Harry and Cho. Padma and Parvati were able to call him after they talked to Cho about joining them, to avoid their father making an arrangement they wouldn't want." "So, you think that I am going to be joining your family? Is that it?" Fleur asked, still a little confused. "Yes I do, otherwise, why would you have left your home to bring us these books, and stay to help us? I don't know for certain, but I suspect that your magic was already seeking us out, and leading you to join us, because you would be happy with Harry and the rest of us. It may also have been the debt you say you owe Harry, but I'm not sure, and probably never will be. But that's not really important now, what is important is that magic itself recognized your bond to Harry, and House-elves can sense that bond, which is why Harry's elf responded to your call." Fleur just stared at her for a few moments, before the corners of her mouth started to twitch, and she started laughing. It wasn't a polite laugh, or even a derisive laugh, it was honest and full bodied, full of amusement, and the others started to smile watching her. She laughed for several minutes before getting herself under control. Wiping her eyes, she said, "Gabrielle is going to be pissed!" "Your sister is far too young for this, and I'm sure she'll realize it in time." Luna said calmly. "You're right, I'm sure she will, but she has been dreaming of marrying her Savior for last two years, ever since he pulled her from the lake." Still smiling, she continued, "Now that we are all cleaned up, I believe you mentioned something about relaxation? Just what did you have in mind?" Cho was the one who answered her, by climbing into Fleur's lap and kissing her softly, whispering "I think you know," before claiming the blonde's mouth again. ADTR &&&&& ADTR &&&& ADTR &&&& The Headmaster's Conference Room The Next Evening Cho sat back in her chair and took a drink, smiling at the women remaining in the room. She was pleasantly surprised that none of the women who they had invited refused. A few were concerned about the amount of time that they would be away from the responsibilities, but when Croaker told them of the time manipulations that were being put into place, their concerns were alleviated, and they eagerly signed up. Seeing that the services of the Obliviators wouldn't be required, Croaker sent them back to the Ministry, and he and his fellow Unspeakables went up to the Seventh Floor to prepare the room. Looking along the table, she caught Fleur's eye, who smiled and blushed at her, she knew that Veela were passionate beings, but last night had been a revelation to all of them! She hadn't been with a woman before, and neither had the twins, but they all really enjoyed the experience. If she had to pick a favorite moment, it would have been when they had all gotten out of the tub and she was laying on top of Luna, snogging her senseless and Hermione got behind them and started using her tongue on both of them at the same time! Of course, watching the twins double team Fleur would be a memory to savor as well, and she was really looking forward to experiencing it herself! Glancing around, she was amazed that she really didn't know several of the girls, even though most of them were in the DA with Harry this past year. She wondered what their reasons for agreeing were. She figured that some were there out of friendship, like Katie Bell and Lavender Brown, or like the Auror, Tonks, who said that Harry was the head of her house, so of course she would help. The others all had their own reasons, but she suspected that the four Slytherins were there for how it could benefit them, but she didn't have a problem with that, they agreed to sign the contract, so they wouldn't be hurting Harry or any of them just to get something for themselves. But she was really curious why the two teachers agreed to help, granted, Charity Burbage and Septima Vector were the two youngest teachers on staff, but she was still surprised they would help out. She took another drink, and said, "Thank you all for agreeing to help, and I wanted to let you know that, with the approval of the Headmistress and the Ministry, all of you who are students that are participating will be given an Outstanding NEWT in the subject of your choice. Also, if you find that the actions you take in the dream state are too disturbing, or if you feel you would be too uncomfortable to be around Harry in the future, you can be obliviated of them, and less disturbing memories provided. Just let me know before you leave after we get finished, okay?" She noticed that Daphne Greengrass and Hannah Abbott both looked relieved at that, and wondered what the story there was? Deciding it wasn't important, she asked if there were any questions, and, when no one said anything, thanked them again for coming, and told them they could stay in the castle over night, but to be in the Seventh Floor Corridor tomorrow morning at 9am. End Chapter One