of a house-elf never faded, so Winky still worked part time in the Kitchens. Next the kitchen was a spiral staircase, leading up to what was assumed to be the bedroom. Next to that staircase and to the right of where Rose was standing, there were two doors. She opened the one closest to her and saw a small half-bath. She opened the second and saw the most beautiful private library ever laid eyes upon. The bookshelves were a dark mahogany and thick, red drapes hung over the two large windows facing the lake. There was an ornate desk matching the bookshelves standing in the center of the room, on a red and gold circular carpet. There was a small, cast iron stove by the side of the room, and a red armchair that matched the desk chair. Floating candle floated all around the room, illuminating the two story private library. A golden ladder and walkways along the the second story bookshelves glinted in the dying sunlight coming from those two windows. A bust of some old professor was babbling on one of the bookshelves in the corner of the room. "Muttonchops, yes, and how about some distarlate, oh, and don't forget the unicorn horns and some intestines of a male skewered ended newt . . ." The bearded stone head muttered to itself. Rose approached the bust cautiously. "Um, e-excuse me?" She stammered. The head looked up with its vacant eyes. "Ah! You must be Miss Rose Weasley. Please to meet you my dear, I am Sophecles Prewett - I am, I believe, your ancestor! I am very sorry that I cannot shake your hand, dearie, but as you can see, I don't have hands!" The bust laughed and continued yammering on. "Oh yes, you are probably wondering what I am doing here. Well, if you tap my nose with your wand - only your wand, it can't be someone else's, mind you - a secret passageway will open into the library!" Rose stared at it, astonished. "What? But the library is on the other side of the castle!" Sophecles smiled good naturedly and winked. "Ah yes, well, my dear, that is what magic is for, isn't it?" And the bust continued talking, even after Rose excused herself. After she got over the shock of the beauty of that library, she left the room and climbed up the staircase to the bedroom. It looked exactly like the bedrooms in Gryffindor Tower, except smaller with only one canopied bed in the center. There was a rug in the center of the room with an armchair and a side table. There was a desk in the corner, a wardrobe pushed up against the wall, and large windows all on the wall behind the bed. A simple room, yet tasteful and elegant. A small but practical bathroom lead off of the only door in the room. There was about an hour and a half until dinner, so Rose decided to start writing her letters. Her mother had written one for her last night - her father never wrote one during her first week, protesting it would be too embarrassing for his daughter to get letters from her parents first week. Aunt Ginny and Uncle Harry always send a letter together to both her and Hugo the first night, and the rest of her Aunt and Uncles and grandparents send in letters at some point within the first week. Rose sat down and started writing out her letter to Uncle Harry and Aunt Ginny when she got a familiar tingling sensation in her right hand. She assumed it was just because she hadn't been accustomed to writing all summer, but eventually the tingling became to much to ignore. Rose looked down at the palm of the hand, already knowing she'd see the familiar looping scrawl inked magically into her hand. Please come meet me by our spot. Her face grew heated just seeing it. She ran to her trunk and took out the special bottle of ink and a ballpoint pen she had since first year. She put the ink in the pen and wrote back on her left hand: Why should I, you great twat? She tapped her wand on her hand and the message disappeared. A few moments later, the earlier message on her hand disappeared and a new one appeared. I see you kept your ink - guess you care about me :). Rose rolled her eyes and scrawled back message. In your dreams, fart-breath. Fart-breath? How your insults have fallen - not even a jab at my family name? Pity, just when I thought you, occasionally, would be a decent spar. Besides, most girls would be ecstatic to have a secret meeting with me. If this is a date proposal, I am shocked that you actually thought you could get up to my level. As if I would stoop down to date you. No, I just need to talk. There was a brief moment where neither Rose nor the entity on the other side of the pen said anything. All of a sudden, the loopy handwriting returned. It's about my father . Rose quickly scribbled back a response. I'll be there. A/N: Haha I legit just rediscovered my old account here and decided to write something. Probably shit, but better than some of my old writing, I hope! Tell me what you think please! A/N Updated: All right, so after writing chapter 6, I decided that this story needed some revising for the sake of the plot. I hope you guys like the changes! I tried to give Rose more personality early on, and since Marcie and Hugo will play some bigger roles later on, I decided to give them some more air time here, along with Scorpius. I'll be revising the following chapters in the next few days. And please, I really don't want to seem desperate, but I am - review review review! Posted: 10/25/15 Updated: 3/24/16