hands, dousing his front with a scalding heat. "Bugger," he nearly yelled, jumping back in clear agony, letting the mug slip out of his hand where it shattered over the wooden floor of the kitchen, as his shirt started to gather a large tea stain. He trained his eyes on the witch in question, Hermione, furiously, as he seethed, "A broken nose wasn't good enough for you, so you had to spill hot tea all over me?" "If you were looking where you were going, maybe that wouldn't have happened," she shot back with equal ferocity; her features looked as if they had been combed over carefully, a tactic Charlie knew well from birds who smoothed themselves out after a rough shag, supporting his earlier theory that she and Ron had partook in a rather wild snogging session after dinner. He pushed these thoughts from his mind as he fired away, "You weren't looking where you were going either, if I might remind you, so this is your fault just as it is mine! In fact, you're entirely to blame as in this household," he continued, pointing a finger down toward the floor where the broken teacup remnants remained, "we usually wait for anyone inside the kitchen to exit before piling through the doorway!" Hermione let a humorless laugh escape her, before responding, "Please show me the written-down rules where that is stated because that has to be one of the most ridiculous things I have ever heard." "It's not a rule…it's called being courteous," he growled, feeling his temper rising near its boiling point while his chest cooled off a bit, "a word I'm sure you know of yet have no idea what it entails." "Excuse you, but I know exactly what that word necessitates; it's just that your clumsiness always gets in the way and you fault me for it because you have no sense of responsibility." "You would-You dare-I can't believe-you're infuriating," he finally stuttered out. "The most infuriating person I've ever had the misfortune to meet, in fact, which is saying something as I work with dragon tamers who always get pissed on a nightly basis." "That's actually quite funny," Hermione began, nodding her head, "did you include yourself in the bundle of people who 'get pissed'," she threw back at him. Charlie scoffed, "I can't even have a decent conversation with you." "You never even tried to talk civilized with me before, not counting the snide remarks you sneak in at dinner." "How about a resolution to our little dilemma, then," Charlie proposed, "tomorrow night, we sit as far away as possible from one another; therefore, we won't have to talk to each other, look at each other, and most importantly, breathe in the same air as each other." "That's fine by me!" "It's fine with me too! You and Ron can use the extra space to put on a kissing show for the entire family to see! That'll be our entertainment!" Hermione looked as if she was trying her very best not to whip out her wand and hex Charlie into oblivion. Her hands were curled at her sides while her shoulders tensed considerably. "You're vile, you know that, and cruel. It's no wonder you're twenty-seven and still alone!" With that, she turned on her heel and stomped up the stairs into pitch blackness, leaving Charlie framed within the kitchen light. He stared after her, even when he couldn't see her figure any longer, feeling his stomach bubble sickly. She had dealt him a low blow, one that rocked against his senses and made him wish he had never even met her. She didn't know how Charlie felt, being unable to find a girl he could call his own, his life-long companion, someone he could love dutifully and forever, staking out a family between them. She didn't know how much it bothered him to see Bill and Fleur immensely happy that they had found one another, talking about trying for children to call their own, while Ginny and Harry were following close behind. She didn't know how much it bothered Charlie that he had come to terms recently that maybe there wasn't anyone out there for him; reality was a harsh undertaking, dealing out blessings and curses like a hammer charmed under a love potion. He took hold of his wand, repaired the teacup and set it in the sink, no longer wanting to brood in his own thoughts Hermione had sprung up inside of him. He took up into his room where he ripped off his stained shirt and threw it against his wardrobe, letting it fall to a ragged bundle on the floor. After stripping down to his boxer shorts, he climbed on top his sheets, it being too warm to crawl under them, as he laid his head back upon his clasped hands, it acting like an improvised cushion, on top of a pillow he was also resting against. He stretched out his legs as he thought about his and Hermione's confrontation. Never before had he been so incensed with any witch, even those that dismissed his charms, noticing that he wasn't playing for keeps. No, Hermione had managed to add a pouch full of coals to a raging blaze whilst radiating sparks of her own when talking to him. The only plausible notion Charlie could come up to avoid another Granger quarrel was to keep away from her at all costs. Not that that would be too difficult really; he noticed that she spent a lot of her time at the Burrow – tomorrow, then, he would take a trip to Diagon Alley and stay there the whole day, maybe even snagging a witch and take her out to dinner and spend the night in her bed…there would be no sleeping, of course, not with Charlie. As he closed his eyes for sleep to come, he mentally wondered, 'Why does it bother me to think of Hermione and Ron snogging?'