softly. "It's an invitation to finish our final year," Hermione answered, suddenly. She held out her letter to Mrs. Weasley to take while Ginny reached forward and plucked Ron's own letter from his hands. "Hey! That's mine!" snapped Ron'. "It's not like you can read anyway," Ginny replied taking a step back out of Ron's arm length as he tried to snatch the letter back. Her eyes skimmed over the first few lines of the letter before she was interrupted by her father. "Would either of you care to read aloud?" Mr. Weasley asked, he looked from his wife to Ginny and back again. "Yes certainly, dear. It reads, ' Dear, Hermione Jean Granger. With the recent events of last year, it has become the focus of the Ministry of Education, and the Hogwarts' School-board to provide those who had been denied the possibility of learning to continue and complete the course of their seven years education, '" Mrs. Weasley read, she stopped for a breath before continuing. " 'We invite you back to the refurbished and renovated Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry to participate in your seventh and last year, fitting you into classes with your fellow students of your own year and that of the former sixth years, or at least the ones who were able to participate in last years sixth year curriculum. An attached list of requirements is supplied. If you so choose to accept, please be at King's Cross station, platform 9 3/4 in London to catch the Hogwarts Express on September 1st. Sincerely, Headmistress Mcgonagell.' " "Marvelous," Mr. Weasley exclaimed with a clap of his hands. "Well, Ron', Hermione, what do you think of that?" "What is there to think of, of course they'll be going," Mrs. Weasley said, she let out a short laugh before fixing both her son and his girlfriend a stern look. "You two will be going." "We wouldn't miss it for the world, Mrs. Wea- Molly. It wouldn't do us any good to not complete our N.E.W.T.S anyhow." Hermione replied, her answer brought a beaming smile to Mrs. Weasley's kind face as she rushed over to where they sat and swept down to gather them both into a single bone crushing hug. Ron' gasped for air as it was all pushed from his lungs. "Mum! Can't breath! Mum!" "Sorry, sorry," Mrs. Weasley apologized, hastily loosening her grip on them. "I'm just so proud of you two for making the decision to return to school." "Blimey, if that's just for going back to school, please don't give me a hug for when I graduate." Ron' said, rubbing at his sides. Smiling a bit, Ginny's eyes dropped back down to the letter and as if a Hippogriff had charged her head on, a realization of whatelse the letter meant hit her like a brick. "This is brilliant!" she blurted. "I think so too, I never would have thought I'd get the chance to finish my last year at Hogwarts," Hermione commented, grabbing a piece of toast from the stack on the table. "And we'll be in the same year." "No not that, well yes that, but I mean, if you two got this letter, that would mean Harry would've received one too, right?" Ginny said, waving the letter in her hand around for emphasis. Hermione almost choked on the toast in her mouth as she nodded. "Of course, I didn't even realize." she said when she managed to swallow her food down. Appetite returning to her along with a smile she hadn't been able to wear in quite sometime, Ginny dropped down into her chair at the table and picked up one of the pieces of bacon her mother had given her earlier on. Sliding Ron's letter across the table top back over to him, she picked hungrily away at her breakfast, she felt a turn of events coming on in her life finally and she was happy. Ginny finished her breakfast with a rejuvenated energy, she had the mind set to take on anything, so after clearing the yard of garden-gnomes with Ron', she walked aimlessly about the property till dark thinking things through in her head as she had come to make a habit of. Her eyes looking always ahead and never behind as she walked, she didn't have to focus on the past anymore, it was all about the future now and what awaited for her in it. Even if she tried, the smile on her face wouldn't leave her as much as she tried to straighten it out. She hadn't felt this elevated since her fifth year, when she had Harry as her own, her family had been whole, and trouble with Voldemort hadn't reared it's ugly head into their lives until later on that year. Ginny was hopeful, and in her head she already started the mental countdown to September 1st. A/N: Hello there everyone, so I decided to write this story up, I wrote it quite some time ago in a notebook, forgot about it and left it unfinished. However a week ago, I stumbled upon it and got to reading, naturally I became interested in finishing it as it was my first fanfiction even before I started writing "Banished Soul" my other fiction which is currently ongoing. So here is the first chapter of my newest oldest story if that makes any at all sense haha, with a complete overhaul as in my notebook a rough draft wouldn't describe what I wrote back then. I've also been hooked on listening to a lot of music by The Black Keys and The Whigs, two of my favorite bands, and the titles to their songs fit so well with this story. The main title of the story is a song by the Whigs and so is the first chapter. Enjoy everyone, thanks for giving me the time of your day to read this, hope you enjoy reading it as much as I do writing it.