The blood began to spread across the parchment, forming the words, 'Harry James Potter'. "It seems you spoke the truth, wizard. Follow Griphook to the vault.". The two humans followed the creature to a cart. "Board the cart please." said Griphook, positioning himself in the driver's seat. When Snape and Harry were sat, Griphook pulled a lever, and the cart shot off, like bullet from a gun. Harry closed his eye as the cart span, looped and swerved precariously, before coming to a stop in front of Vault 687. The three disembarked the death trap and approached the vault. "Key please." said Griphook. Snape handed the goblin the key, and stood back as the vault swung open. Hayley was stunned by the sheer amount of gold in the vault. "Your account balance is currently 319,995 Galleons." said Griphook. "Your equipment for this year should come to a little under twenty galleons." said Snape. "Take an extra five for spending money.". Hayley nodded, and let Snape help him identify the different types of coin. Hayley eventually decided to take an extra ten galleons, and update her wardrobe. The trip back hadn't been much better than the trip down, but at least they had fresh air to look forward to. Outside Snape led Hayley to Flourish and Blotts for her textbooks, then to the apothecary for her potions kit and basic ingredients. Snape had stopped to pick up some odds and ends he needed here as well. Though he was trying not to show it, it was clear that Snape enjoyed shopping here. If it wasn't for his remarkable self-restraint, he would've been skipping like a child in a sweet shop. Next up, was robes. Snape stood in the corner of the shop, whilst Madam Malkin measured Hayley up for robes. "Now then, let's see, we'll need a few sets of Hogwarts robes, Hogwarts jumpers, skirt-" "Actually, Madam Malkin, Hayley is a boy." "But, the skirt?" "His relatives refused to spend money on him, they're his cousin's hand-me-downs." "I see, so we'll need a boys uniform. Let's see, hmm?" she stopped when Hayley shook her head. "No? No what?". Hayley gestured to her current uniform again. "You'd rather have the girls uniform?". Hayley nodded. "It's a little unusual, but, uh, Professor Snape?" "It's not against the rules." Snape said. Madam Malkin turned back to Hayley. "Very well. Stay still dear whilst I take the measurements.". Half an hour later, Snape and Hayley left the shop with bags full of the uniform, robes and casual clothes. Snape shrunk the bags down, and placed them in his pocket, then turned to Hayley. "The final item is your wand. We can get that from Ollivanders." Snape told her, pointing to the shop. Snape and Hayley entered the shop, and were quickly surprised by the aged wizard appearing, seemingly from nowhere. "I wondered when I might see you in here Mr. Potter." the man smiled. Snape frowned. How had Ollivander recognised him? No-one else had. Then again, Ollivander always did seem to have an unnaturally strong mind. "Ah, Severus Snape. 11 inches, Rosewood, Unicorn Tail hair core?" "That is correct." Snape nodded. "I remember every wand I've ever sold. Now then, let's find you a match." he said, smiling at Harry. He handed him a wand. "Give this a wave.". Hayley lifted her arm, and the wand was quickly snatched away. "Nope, I think not. Try this one.". This process repeated itself for some time. Whenever she had waved the wand, she had ended up destroying something. Finally, even Snape looked tired. Ollivander handed Hayley yet another wand. "I wonder, try this.". As soon as Hayley clasped the wand, a warmth radiated throughout her fingers, spreading through her whole body. "My, my. I never would've guessed that." "Guessed what?" asked Snape, stepping forwards, curiously. "11 inches. Yew, with Veela hair core." replied Ollivander. "Normally, I'd never use such a material for the core. Far too unstable. But this was given to me a long time ago, by Mykew Gregorovitch. Normally, I'm not a fan of his work, but as you can see, the craftsmanship on this wand is extraordinary. It was made for Grindelwald's daughter, but she died, before she could ever use it. It has been in the box for many years, until now. It seems that this is the wand, you are destined for." "Thank you, Mr Ollivander." nodded Snape. They paid the seven galleons, and left. "I would suggest that you keep the source of that wand a secret Miss Potter." said Snape. "Grindelwald was a powerful dark wizard. If people were to find out that your wand was originally made for his daughter, it may cause some disturbance.". Hayley nodded. "We're heading to the ice cream parlor now, the Headmaster would like to meet with you before term begins." Snape told him. Hayley was immediately nervous. Whenever she'd met a headmaster before, it was always because she was in trouble. As they approached the ice cream parlor, she noticed an old man, in long purple robes, decorated with stars. She had a long white beard, and a kindly twinkle in his eye. "Headmaster, this is Harry Potter, though she prefers Hayley." said Snape, "Miss Potter, this is Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." "It's a pleasure to meet you, Miss Potter.". Hayley nodded in response. "It seems Mundungus was right, you are mute.". Hayley nodded again. "Not to worry!" said Dumbledore cheerfully. "That doesn't mean you can't enjoy the delicious taste of ice cream. My treat.". A short while later, they had finished the ice creams. Hayley had gone for Strawberry, Dumbledore had chosen Lemon Sherbet and Snape had Mint Chocolate. Dumbledore looked at Hayley seriously. "Hayley, I'm very sorry that you had to endure such behaviour at the Dursleys. Rest assured that you won't ever have to go back there." "Headmaster, where can we send her?" "She'll stay with you, of course, Severus!" the man exclaimed, happily.