longer?" He asked his wife. "Two minutes, they were fighting." Mary said, "How was your day." "Good, and you were right, we are going to England for a year." Alvin said, "this will prepare me for teaching at Yarrow, if I can handle inbreed purebloods who probably barely know what a wand is let alone a staff I can handle anything." "Can we get up dad?" Josiah asked. "No, you still have time, your mother has set it." Alvin replied. "But dad!" Ruth whined. "I will add time." Mary warned them. "Listen to your mother." Alvin replied, "So England, a year, and you called it." "I did, not a seer just had a feeling, and it will be different." Mary said, "is it true electricity does not work at Hogwarts?" "Oh it works, but Tesla is not liked over there, or here really, accept in the progressive magical world, he was a great mage and all." Alvin said with a grin. "But daddy Mr. Tesla is still alive!" Ruth said. "That is true, and no stone for him either." Mary said, "Well I guess we have lots of warm clothes to pack…" "I will do that." Came a squeaky voice, "I work for an ungrateful family, always trying to take my work from me!" Everyone turned to see the family house elf standing glaring at them. He was very short, like all his race and frail looking, this was just how a house elf looked. His skin was healthy, more green than anything and he was clad not in the rags those in slave lands were but in a simple gray tunic and trousers, simple shoes, a cap on his bald head and a belt at his waist. This was not clothes, no it was a uniform and one of the things house elves in America demanded. They were not slaves, had not been since the civil war, after that war, fearing that they would not have work they had worked hard on several binding agreements to make sure that they could still bind to a family and serve them. They had rights, they had to be given at least ten hours off a day, they could vote and held seats in the magical assembly in DC. The Stone family house elf was called Randy and he had served the Stone family for a very long time, he had signed a seven year contract seven times in fact! "Very well, find out the climate in Scotland and make sure we are packed accordingly please." Mary said. "I will do that, you are taking your music collection?" Randy asked. "Mom can't live without that." Josiah said, a brave thing for a five year old to say but he said it with such a wide innocent face he only got a glare in return, "I love you mommy." "I love you too son, but you take after your father in some things." Mary said. In the end Randy was able to pack well for the family. Warm clothes, (warmer than what was needed even here in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado), books and workbooks for the children's education and of course the vast music collection. Mary was grateful she could take all one thousand of her vast cd album collection as well, the special trunk just for that made that possible. She wished (and not for the first time) there was a way to store music, all of her music on one device so she could play it from there and carry it with her. Steve Jobs was hinting at such a thing but she could not see how that could come about. So trunks were packed, relations visited and finally the little family was off for England and whatever adventure awaited them. x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x So a few things different here, no, Dumbledore did not fly across the pond and half of America to speak to Alvin. If the Marauders could have a magical two way mirror of sorts who is to say that is not a common way to communicate over vast distances? If magical America was real it would be as diverse as the rest of the country is in what was used and the like. Yes Ilvermorny exists, the Stones, like many American mages belong to the progressives, they vastly outnumber the Ilvermorny magicals by quite a lot. Yet everyone outside America knows of the Ilvermorny magical community, but nothing of the progressives. With the progressives, younger sons created the magical population in American at the first and daughters looking for their own fortunes, then, later, those persecuted and hunted for who or what they believed in. Many were looking for a better life and found it in America, the same story as most of our ancestors in fact would follow in the magical world. Scourers were a problem for a long time but those lines have died out. Though Ilvermorny cannot and will not ever trust a no-maj (as they call them) ever again. The progressives on the other hand see they have no choice but to "hide in plain sight", if a Scourer did try to rile up non magicals, they would have a harder time of it as nearly all progressives are highly trained in defensive magic and use it for good. As stated before, Alvin is not super-powered at all. He is an average American male mage and like most of magical America sees dark lords as an annoyance. There are tools to protect the mind and wards and the like to block the most determined dark lord, all from a dark chapter in the history of America. It was not just the Scourers that were a problem, there were dark lords and ladies roaming the lands. The civil war wiped out the Ilvermorny community and it has not recovered population wise, which opened the door for the progressives to move right on in. Anyway enough rambling, please review to let me know what you think!