the awkwardness between us . Hermione sat up when dinner disappeared and was quickly replaced with dessert. She did not take anything and thought it better to just turn in now, even though Dumbledore had not dismissed them for the evening. Much to her dismay, she could not just get up and leave. Instead, she sipped what was left of her pumpkin juice. "I think we actually stand a fair chance against Slytherin this year." She heard Ron beside her, still going on about Quidditch. Ron glanced up at Harry, waiting for a response and his friend tipped his head at Hermione. Ron looked sideways at her, noticing that her plate was empty and she was slowly sipping her juice. "Are you ok, Hermione?" he asked through a mouthful of chocolate cake. She picked her head up and smiled at him. "I'm fine, Ron. Just a bit tired. It's been a long day and I'm not particularly hungry." Harry knew right away that was Hermione speak for "No, I'm not ok. I'm actually really mad at you, but I'm going to wait until we're in private to discuss this". "You sure?" he asked, trying to get a read on his friend. "You didn't eat much of your dinner either." At least Harry noticed, Hermione thought to herself. She smiled at him, too, a tight, pained smile. "Really, I'm fine." Harry let the matter go. If Hermione needed to talk to him, she knew where to find him. He would always be there for her. When the feast finally ended and the golden plates had cleared, Dumbledore stated his parting words for the evening and sent them all off to bed. Hermione helped to shepherd the first years toward the doors and over to the waiting Gryffindor Prefects who would show them up to the tower. Other Gryffindors marched past, knowing their way. She took a last look around the Great Hall to make sure all the first years had left, and then turned to go up the main staircase to the third floor. Draco watched her leave, noticing the dejected expression on her face. He had not missed the way Weasley had put his arm around her earlier in the evening, nor the way Hermione had basically pushed him off and then ignored him for almost fifteen minutes. By the time she looked ready to talk to him again, he was engaged in some conversation with Potter. Was her relationship with Weasley what had been bothering her earlier? Not that he cared, but he had thought it weird after the battle when he saw the two together. He would have never pictured Granger with Weasley. Clearly the couple was at odds over something now. Draco didn't want to get involved. It was not his business, and frankly, it was not his problem either. Draco followed Hermione up the steps, watching as the other Gryffindors parted from her on their way to their tower. She walked alone along the corridor and then up another flight of stairs. She stopped at the top landing and stood waiting. "Knew it was me?" Draco asked as he caught up to her. "Who else would be following me to the Heads' dormitory?" Hermione asked, her tone almost completely serious, but still edged with a touch of cynicism. They walked along in silence until they reached the tapestry of the four Founders. Draco pulled it aside and Hermione pointed her wand at the door. She executed a serpentine motion then whispered, "Newts." The door swung open a crack, so she pushed it open the rest of the way and entered. Draco followed behind her, and the door locked itself as soon as it was shut again. The Heads' dormitory was about the size of the Gryffindor common room, except it was split between a common area, two bedrooms-one each on the right and left-and what Draco assumed was a bathroom in between. A fire was already lit behind the grate and crackled soothingly. "Well, I don't see our trunks. Want to assume they've already assigned our rooms?" he asked. Hermione shrugged in response and walked off to the bedroom on the right. She twisted the knob and it opened. "This is you," she stated after poking her head inside. Draco unfastened his robes and loosened his tie before flopping down on the sofa. There was a coffee table in front of it, two arm chairs opposite, and a study table with room for two in the corner. Overall, it was a very nice dormitory to share, and he did not imagine he would have any trouble with that part. They did have separate bedrooms after all. He just wasn't so sure about the shared bathroom. "It's not bad," he commented as he kicked his shoes off. "No, I like it. Just please don't decorate with too much green," Hermione requested. "I wasn't even planning on it. I like it as is." Hermione let out a breath and looked around. "It is nice." She glanced around once more before shifting her gaze back to him. "Well, I think I'm going to go to bed. First day of classes tomorrow." "I'm positively riveted," Draco deadpanned. "Hey, Granger," he called as Hermione turned towards her bedroom. She stopped and looked at him. "Everything ok?" She gave him one of the fake smiles he had seen her use on Potter during the feast. "Fine." Liar , Draco thought to himself. He watched Hermione disappear behind her door. If she didn't want to tell him, he wouldn't force it. He already knew she didn't trust him, and frankly he hadn't given her a real reason to, except to ask for her to give him a chance. Which, apparently, she wasn't willing to do. It didn't bother him, and if her attitude ever turned sour and she tried to take something out on him, he could stay in Slytherin House. Whatever Hermione's problem was, it was definitely not his to worry about.