mind, which greatly confused her. She had never noticed it before as she hadn't spent much time alone with Charlie, but he was rather dashing. In fact, Hermione felt quite at ease with Charlie; there was something about him that made her feel comfortable. It was hard to explain or make sense of the matter, but she liked the feeling of it. Never before had she paid much attention to Charlie, considering their age gap, but she rather enjoyed talking with him. "Well, um, I think we should head back, don't you think," Hermione stated, suddenly becoming rather uncomfortable with her wayward thoughts. "It's getting late." Charlie nodded his head, his face a mask of unreadable proportions, as the two fairies that had been sitting upon his shoulder flew off, as did those that had been toying with Hermione's hair, unbeknownst to her. Together, Charlie and Hermione walked away from the small orchard and back toward the towering structure of the Burrow, as the moon lit their path. The sounds of the grass crunching underneath their shoes was the only sound between them, though at odd moments, Hermione would take a quick peek over at Charlie, who had a look of contentment upon his face. Some minutes later, Charlie held open the kitchen door for Hermione to enter through first, before they climbed the rickety staircase of the Burrow, finding the floor level absent of any attendance. On the second landing, Hermione walked over to Ginny's partially opened bedroom door, before she turned and said, "Goodnight, Charlie. It was great talking to you." Charlie turned to face her, however, he seemed to hesitate for a moment as he looked down at Hermione. She saw that his eyes then flitted over to the door of Ginny's room before he said, "'Night, I'll see you in the morning." With a small wave and another smile, Charlie departed away from her, continuing his trek up the stairs, as it creaked under his every other footstep. Hermione watched him go with inquisitiveness before he disappeared from sight as she entered Ginny's room, shutting it softly behind her. Her eyes then fell upon Ginny, who was running a comb through her long, damp red hair before a mirror. Seeing Hermione, Ginny turned and asked, "Where have you been? I was looking all over for you after dinner." "Oh, I was with Charlie," Hermione exchanged, noticing through Ginny's mirror that a small blush had since colored the base of her neck. "Charlie," Ginny repeated in curiosity with raised eyebrows. Hermione nodded as she clarified, "I stepped outside for some fresh air after we ate and Charlie joined me, that's all." As Hermione went over to her bed to change, Ginny questioned, "What did you two talk about?" "A lot of things, actually, like going back to Hogwarts and relationships." "You talked with Charlie about relationships," Ginny said in surprise. "Yes…why?" Ginny shook her head lightly from side to side as she proclaimed, "Bill's the only one Charlie talk's relationships with!" "Honestly, it wasn't like we had a deep meaningful discussion about it," Hermione rephrased, feeling her cheeks flush, "we just exchanged a few words here and there." "Oh, a few words, was it," Ginny said, stressing the word 'few'. "Yes, as a matter of fact," Hermione responded, as she started to change into her pajamas. Ginny laughed before she questioned, "So have you made up your mind about Hogwarts, yet? Are you going to come back with me?" "I haven't made a decision, but I'm kind of leaning towards not returning," Hermione answered. This took Ginny by surprise as her jaw fell open. "Seriously? I thought out of you, Harry, and Ron, you would definitely return! You wouldn't let me return all by myself, would you," she teased with a small pout. "Ginny, you still have plenty of friends there, like Luna, for instance," Hermione said, sensing her friend's humor. "I know, I know. I suppose it's a bit scary with this being my final year and all," she remarked, suddenly turning serious. Hermione sat down on her bed as she looked over at Ginny who made to lie down, resting the side of her head against her pillow. "Aren't you excited, though? This is your last year and then you're finished!" "Of course I'm excited," Ginny conceded, "but now, we have to decide what we're going to do with the rest of our lives." Hermione nodded her head in understanding, as she said, "I'm thinking about that right now." "Hermione, I'm sure you have nothing to worry about. Didn't you say that Kingsley offered you just about any job within the Ministry?" "He did but I just want to make sure that it's the right one," she said, as she lay down upon her mattress, fitting her head comfortably on her pillow. "You shouldn't worry so much, Hermione. I know that you'll pick the right one," Ginny stated with a comforting smile. "Anyway, we should get some sleep…good night." "Good night, Ginny," Hermione stated after a second, flicking her wand at a nearby candle, extinguishing it, and casting the room into darkness. Sleep, however, did not come for Hermione right away, as she lay awake in her bed, staring up at the darkness hovering above her. Her mind kept replaying Charlie's brief hesitation upon the stairs just before they bid each other 'goodnight'. It seemed as if Charlie wanted to say something to her, but for some reason, he had held back. 'Perhaps it was nothing of importance,' Hermione said to herself, shrugging off his inaction. 'Maybe I'm looking into something that's not even there.' Hermione then yawned behind her hand, as she turned over onto her side, and closed her eyes. White beams from the bright moon flashed into the room between the window's curtains, settling upon Hermione's form as she lay partially tucked under the cover of the bed she was in. After what seemed like no time at all, she fell asleep.