most of the decision-making process. The Department head had complete faith in her to make the right choice. She was able to do her own research as well without having to submit it for correction before presentation. But her favorite aspect was the actual cases she worked. They became increasingly difficult and time-sensitive. She still worked on Centaur land disputes when needed, having proved her capability of maintaining the necessary level of respect and working out the most beneficial deal for all parties involved. Her input was highly regarded and she was often sought after for her opinion and skill. Her move to the Being Division was advantageous in another light as well. One that she considered even more important than the problematic cases she now handled. She was able to finally move forward with her work and years of research in house-elf rights. She had never let this particular passion die, considering it paramount. If she was going to do her part to change the Wizarding World for the better, the transformation had to start from the bottom. She was in this position for a little over a year, visiting the Auror office as she did every afternoon to meet Ron before they went off to lunch together. She stood near his desk, since he was absent for the moment. She looked around as she waisted, and noticed the previously unoccupied desk outside of the Department Head's office. No Auror wanted to sit there for precisely that reason. Ron hadn't mentioned any new trainees being brought in this week. Her curiosity piqued, Hermione wandered over having not yet caught site of her boyfriend, and examined the few belongings on the desk's surface. She just looked, didn't touch. There was a small stone pyramid with various runes carved into it. It looked a bit off-center, and upon closer inspection she saw that the pyramid was separated into three layers that appeared to spin on a central support. Interesting. There were other small models, a golden snitch, a broomstick – Nimbus 2001 by the looks of it , Hermione thought, considering the coloring and what she knew from listening to Ron – and a framed photo of a very familiar looking woman with duel-colored hair (blonde and dark brown) sitting with a small platinum-haired boy as he played at the edge of a duck pond. The little boy in the moving photograph turned toward whoever was taking the picture and smiled. Hermione gasped when she saw his eyes. She knew those eyes. Only two people she had met in her life had eyes that silver gray. And one of them was currently incarcerated in Azkaban prison for the rest of his life. "Ready for lunch?" Hermione jumped at the sound of Ron's voice and clapped her hand over her heart. "Sweet Circe, Ron. Don't sneak up on someone like that." "Sorry." Ron grinned at her. Hermione nodded, accepting his apology. She nodded at the desk next to her. "Malfoy is back?" "Yes, but not for long, thank Merlin. Only six months. Or so he says." Ron explained, his voice tight. It was obvious he didn't want to talk about their former fellow classmate. The boy who had tormented Hermione mercilessly for years. They began to walk out toward the elevators. Hermione glanced back at Malfoy's desk. "You talked to him?" "No, I overheard his conversation with Svenson, the Department Head. Apparently he's been put in the Auror office because there is no where else for him to be." "What does he do?" "He's a curse-breaker." Hermione stepped into the elevator that had just arrived. "Shouldn't he be over at Gringotts, then?" "You would think. I have no clue why he's been put in with us. But I will say this. At least we can keep an eye him, you know? Make sure he doesn't try and get up to any old habits." Ron's voice took on a tone of suspicion. He spoke suggestively, in a way that managed not to say too much but also conveyed his point. Hermione thought he sounded a bit prejudiced. She had always believed that Draco Malfoy never wanted to be a Death Eater (after that particular suspicion of Harry's was finally confirmed). The few times she saw him following the end of their Sixth-year, including his trial, he appeared hesitant and remorseful. As though he truly felt guilty over the things he had done (whatever they may have been). "I wouldn't worry too much about it." Ron said, slipping an arm around her shoulders in the friendly hug that she had grown so accustomed to. "Like I said, he's not going to be hanging around long. He'll be returning to Egypt in six months and who knows how long he'll be gone." "Yes, nothing to worry about." Hermione repeated to herself. She had barely heard a word of what her boyfriend had just said. Her mind was going back to the day of Malfoy's trial. She would never forget the look in his eyes as he walked out at the end. They were flat, hollow. As though he were devoid of life on the inside. She could only wish that his life was better now. No one deserved to feel that empty and hopeless. Even if he had spent the majority of the time they had known each other calling her foul names and cursing her every breath, wishing it were her last. The war had sobered him, and she saw the evidence of that on his face. Hermione turned to Ron and smiled as they stepped off the elevator. "I'm glad you're here to help me keep my grip." Ron laughed jovially. "Of course. Who else is going to tell you to lighten up?" Hermione frowned at the poke, but she leaned up and kissed his cheek in affection. Yes, everything was falling into place. Now if it could stay that way, life would be perfect. Not much yet. But there will be soon!