everybody knows what happened then." Cho wasn't sure what surprised her more, the fact that her mother openly admitted being lovers with both of Harry's parents, or the idea that she could have grown up in the same house with Harry. She wasn't surprised about her mum sleeping with James, but it was the idea that her mother had slept with another woman that was hard to understand. She had to admit, from pictures she'd seen, that Lily was a very pretty girl, but she felt no attraction at all to her, but could understand why Lin had been with her if she was interested. Putting it aside as not important at the moment, she took a deep breath and said, "Well, you are right, I'm very attracted to Harry, and we talked about it this afternoon, because he's just as attracted to me. But there is a complication. He had never heard of Jeremy's Law, and I had to explain that my magic was reacting to his, but I was afraid of losing my own personality. Fortunately, he was understanding, and just asked questions about ways around the problem. I'm sure you won't be surprised if I tell you that he had no problem at all with multiple partners, but he wanted to know why I would be willing to share him? I told him my reasons, including the fact that I wanted the backing of a powerful house in achieving my goals, and he agreed that we need to discuss what my goals are, and see if they can be worked in with his." Lin smirked, "Have you decided who the other girls are going to be?" "No, we hadn't gotten that far, and, truthfully, there aren't that many girls in Ravenclaw that I'm that close to, and I don't really know any girls in the other houses that well. I'm going to suggest to Harry that we go around on the Express meeting the girls, and if any of them catch his eye, we can talk to them later." Lin nodded before draining her wine glass and leaning forward, asking seriously, "Who's going to make the final decision? Because, let's be honest, Harry is likely to be thinking with his little head, and if he runs into a good looking girl, he's going to be interested, but if she's an absolute bitch she would just make all of you unhappy, and you won't want that." Cho paused, considering what her mother was saying, before nodding as well. "True, I've got to make sure we talk things through before approaching the girl, I would hate to have somebody like Melissa Turpin around all the time. She's a very popular girl, with the guys anyway, and they consider her attractive, but she's mean as a snake to other girls. But it would take a lot of time, and I'm not sure I can wait that long! I had a hard time not saying 'To Hell with Jeremy's Law!' and dragging him into the bushes this afternoon." Looking up, she saw the expression on Lin's face and said, "What? Do you have an idea?" Lin poured another glass of wine and took a drink before saying, "I do, but I'm not sure how you are going to take it." At Cho's impatient gesture, she said, "There's a ritual that can determine compatibility, but your magical core has to be fully settled to cast it, and that won't be for another few years yet for you. The other problem is that the person who casts it has to be a member of the group, because the magic takes into account if the subject is compatible with the caster as well." "Wait a minute! You want to be one of Harry's lovers? Why?" "Simple, I'm lonely and it's been far too long since I've had a man in my bed, and this way I'll still be close to you. Now, I don't mean that we would share a bed, I know you aren't attracted to other women, and besides, it would be too awkward for both of us. But, I'm sure that some of the girls that are compatible would enjoy it. Besides, you weren't the only one that Harry was looking at this afternoon, he wouldn't kick me out of his bed, I could tell." Cho shook her head in disbelief before reaching for the bottle of wine and a fresh glass, pouring herself a drink, she gulped the wine, coughing as it went down before looking back at her mother. "How in the hell am I supposed to bring that up with Harry? Just say, 'Hey Harry, I know we just met yesterday, but my mum wants to join your harem?'" Lin laughed, "No, I don't see you needing to do that, in fact, why don't you come back here in the morning after breakfast, and I'll explain things to him. I think he'll be open to the idea if it's presented properly." Cho shook her head, "No, I'll explain it to him, I think he'd take it better from me. But how will that help once we go back to school? You're still going to be here, and Harry can't just pop out of the castle every couple of nights." "That won't be a problem, I was offered a chance to work a few days a week at Hogwarts in the Hospital Wing, seeing how the remedies I developed work in practice. I just got the letter yesterday, and I was still thinking it over, but I think I'll take it, especially since part of the offer is rooms in the castle for the nights I stay there." Seeing her last objection dealt with, Cho sat back and took a smaller sip of her wine and said, "Alright, I'll let Harry know what's going on when I see him for breakfast, but you aren't going to get to shag him before I do, is that understood!" End Chapter One