Harry," said Mrs Harkiss, "I think it's positively remarkable. You're a little survivor, aren't you?" "I try to be, ma'am," said Harry. "Surviving is all I'm good at." Mrs Harkiss, Miss Hanzen, and the headmistress all sat down in the headmistress's office together. The headmistress was frowning, looking unusually worried and troubled. "What's wrong?" said Miss Hanzen immediately. "Did you report the abuse to the authorities?" "I did," said the headmistress. "And I have something very strange to tell you. I called someone, and they said they'd get right on it. I called them again the next day, and they claimed to have no memory of our conversation taking place. Furthermore, there was no file on record of any such abuse report ever having happened." "Do you think his aunt and uncle are paying people off?" said Mrs Harkiss seriously. "Perhaps, but there's something stranger. I did some digging. Harry Potter is supposed to be Petunia's sister's child, yes? Well his birth documents and papers are clearly forged, upon closer inspection. All evidence of Harry Potter existing before his aunt and uncle claimed hold over him are false." "It's true he looks nothing like them," said Miss Hanzen, her mind spinning. "Could it be a trafficking case?" "There's one more thing you should know." The headmistress frowned. "Harry Potter has government report paperwork attached to his name. But it's all sealed, blacked out. Only someone with high clearance can read it." "What does he know about his parents?" said Miss Hanzen quickly, turning to Mrs Harkiss. "She can't say -" the headmistress began, but Mrs Harkiss was silently shaking her head. " Nothing ?" said Miss Hanzen disbelievingly. Mrs Harkiss nodded and shrugged. "The government is involved. They want Harry Potter with the Dursleys, to the point of blacking out every abuse report that is filed in his name," said the headmistress solemnly. "I don't know who he is or where he comes from, but one thing has become absolutely certain - he cannot leave. And I doubt he understands anything about why." "We probably shouldn't bring it up," said Mrs Harkiss, troubled. "It would either confuse him, upset him, or both." "So how are we supposed to help him?" Miss Hanzen asked disbelievingly. "... By getting creative," said Mrs Harkiss in realization, determination forming over her face. She turned to Miss Hanzen. "And you're going to help me." Miss Hanzen and the headmistress raised their eyebrows curiously. "Harry," said Mrs Harkiss at their next meeting, "without going into too much detail, there are legal reasons why you can't leave your aunt and uncle's house." She braced herself but he seemed unsurprised. "I expected that," he said with acceptance. "So I am going to help you in a different way. Tell your aunt and uncle I want a meeting. Nothing you said will be discussed," she added, when Harry looked worried. "I'd like to speak to them about something quite different." Her eyes gleamed. "Thank you for the meeting, Mr and Mrs Dursley," she said politely, as they sat down across from her in her office. "I'm sorry you have to put up with him," said Mrs Dursley immediately. "He's a troubled boy." Mrs Harkiss was silent for a moment. "Can I speak with you frankly?" she asked. They looked hesitant, nervous. "You seem like the sort of people who care a great deal about how you come across. Right now, your nephew is interfering with this." "That's right!" said Mr Dursley, looking enormously relieved that someone at last understood. "Well I can fix that," Mrs Harkiss promised. "I can make him into the sort of orphaned nephew you may be proud to show off. Be warned - my methods will be unconventional. But I know what people like, as a psychologist, and I promise I can make your nephew into the kind of person people will be impressed by. "I need two things from you - your permission to let Harry participate in after school hobbies and sports, and you may have to buy him new clothes. As I'm sure you know better than anyone, he has to have the right things to brag about and the right way to look. "I may be leading him toward more youthful hobbies and looks than you're used to, but that will be positive in the long run. He'll look like a respectable young man of his own generation. More authentic. "You will not have to be involved at all. I have an assistant who will be willing to help me to give your nephew a makeover, so to speak." She was thinking of Miss Hanzen, but decided not to mention that because they may already be suspicious of Miss Hanzen. Vernon Dursley's tiny dark eyes watched Mrs Harkiss cannily for a moment, but Mrs Harkiss was a psychologist and an expert at putting up a polite, distant front. She gave a bland, cold smile. "Very well," said Mr Dursley. "You know best. God knows the boy needs help." "We'll trust your discretion," said Mrs Dursley. "Excellent," said Mrs Harkiss. She wasn't sure how to bring up the cupboard bedroom, the chores, or the verbal abuse without getting Harry in trouble or seeming over-the-top and losing the Dursleys' trust. But many other things, she could help with. She now had free reign in making Harry Potter's life considerably more pleasant. Miss Hanzen had gotten him no cupboard punishments and no physical abuse. Now the next step was making Harry a more functional human being who understood himself better, had wider friends and interests, and hopefully eventually had more food and better exercise. His look could use some updating, too. She marched down the hall next to Miss Hanzen at the end of the day. "Let's get all this set in motion," she said firmly. "We have work to do." Her job was making Harry Potter's life as livable as possible. With a flair for spy dramas, she privately called it Operation Makeover.