Godric's Hollow, where he was housing the Potters while they were being hunted down by the Dark Lord Voldemort. The cottage was white-faced, ivy flowers curling their way up the front. As he'd gotten the secret from the Secret-Keeper, he simply knocked and entered. The Potters hurried over to him, looking concerned. "Lily, James," said Albus Dumbledore; he couldn't imagine how his expression must look after he had essentially stolen a pair of children. "I need to know how much you trust me." "Unreservedly, sir," said Lily Potter, looking concerned. Albus gently laid the babies in her arms. "I need you to raise these two girls alongside your son," he said. "I need you to tell everyone the three were triplets, and give the girls names of your own choosing. They're both newborns." "Oh!" Lily and James looked down, brows furrowed, into the infants' faces. Lily looked up. "But sir, why -?" She paused and looked sympathetic. Albus realized tears were blinding his vision. "They - they couldn't stay where they were," he managed. "Professor Dumbledore," said Lily, "would you like some tea?" He almost gave in. But no, that was the last thing he deserved. "No," he said, waving them away. "No - name them, have the blood rituals done - people have to think they're your children! You must trust me!" And he hurried out blindly into the growing storm, Apparating away. Lily and James stared after him in bewilderment. The Potters blocked off all people from reaching them for several months, including, amazingly, their own Secret-Keeper. They didn't hear about the Lovegoods and the Weasleys mourning for their lost children, and they certainly didn't let anyone in on their own secrets. Above all, they trusted Albus Dumbledore. They had their son in secret, and as promised, they named the children as they would triplets. The dark-haired little boy originally due to be named Harry would be called Edgar instead, while his redheaded sister would be Esmeralda and his blonde sister would be Evangeline. Once all three children were born, they had the blood ritual done, whispering around a circle while injecting vials of blood into each child's arm. Esmeralda and Evangeline both became Potters, in blood and in name, irrevocably from that point forward. As proof, the baby girls magically transfigured like they were Metamorphmagi, taking on many of Lily's physical characteristics. Some of their old traits remained, but they became a blend of the old and the new. A Weasley and a Lovegood were both unknowingly transformed into fabulously wealthy, respectable Potters. Deciding the evidence of a few months wouldn't make that much of a difference, a few days later James threw open the door to welcome Peter Pettigrew and Sirius Black into his home. "You go off the radar for four months and I come back to find you've had triplets!" Sirius congratulated James, clapping him on the shoulders. "I do not envy you at all! Now, where are my godchildren…?" Sirius was too excited, a doting Peter wasn't particularly bright, and Remus wasn't there, excluded under the suspicion being a werewolf held. Thus, the secret was safe. Only Lily, James, and Albus knew the truth. Albus never even told Severus Snape. On the night of the attack on Godric's Hollow, Lord Voldemort stepped over the dead form of Lily Potter - James Potter's dead form was out in the hall - and up to the crib with the three crying children. He stood at an angle, leveling them with his wand. He thought it was the boy, but he didn't know for certain which one it was. Best to kill them all at once. The glowing green Killing Curse shot off and with a bang it rebounded. All three foreheads were grazed, but the resulting pushback from three protected people at once was so strong that when it hit Voldemort's mangled, tattered soul, that soul broke off into five pieces. The main piece, Voldemort himself, flew in fear to the forests of Albania. Three other pieces floated into the heads of the three children. But the one remaining piece? It siphoned off power from the three children and then wandered off. Memories flitting through its mind, those memories slowly draining away, it went back to the first place it could remember: Woole's Orphanage in London. It was still there, ready and waiting for him. The soul piece used the power granted to it by the Potters to form its own one year old infant body. Then, in a fit of magic never before seen, over the following three to four years the soul slowly grew back over time, growing to fit its infant body. The body taken from the magic of the Potters, who now had more than enough to spare. When the orphanage workers opened the door and looked down on the doorstep the next morning, the name suddenly came to them: Tom Riddle. Dumbledore nearly jumped the day the alert came from the piece of parchment tethered always to his desk. He looked down - and yes, he was certain of it now. Tom Riddle's name had just appeared on the one year old children's magical registry. No one knew. Everyone knew Voldemort had gone to Hogwarts, and some people had known of Tom Riddle, but the only person who knew for certain that the two were the same person was Horace Slughorn. Horace had retired years ago. Now was the time to act, but the prophecy. The prophecy. In the end, Albus Dumbledore stayed put and did nothing, wondering if he was just as bad as the elder Tom Riddle. Meanwhile elsewhere in the world, Draco Malfoy was being raised inside a vast, cold, magnificent mansion… and Hermione Granger was being raised by two ordinary Muggle dentists… And Lily Potter's Muggle sister, Petunia Dursley, opened her doorstep one morning, looked down, and screamed at the three scarred orphans that had been left lying, with a letter from Dumbledore, on her doorstep.