envelope… "How could you…" Molly Weasley sobbed, her voice cracking and her periwinkle handkerchief tightly grasped in her clenched hand. Her bright orange hair stood out in the sea of faces, and a closer inspection told Harry that Arthur was by her side, a steadying arm around her shoulders, his face flushed red with anger. Harry turned his face away. He didn't want to see them, he didn't want to hear them – :Something wrong, my dear?: :No: Harry replied shortly, staring obstinately ahead. :Just some people I used to know.: Voldemort laughed, the familiar high-pitched sound silencing the people standing nearby, brief terror reaching their hearts. :Ah, yes. Pity you hadn't killed them then, Harry. Didn't have the stomach for it?: :No: Harry whispered, :I killed their son. I killed their daughter-in-law.: Voldemort's eyes gleamed with understanding, a smirk stretching across concave cheeks. :The redheaded boy and mudblood girl? I think I remember them… you were rather cruel with them, weren't you?: :Not on purpose: Harry snapped, stumbling slightly as the Dementors pushed him ahead. He couldn't see the crowd, the people trying to catch a glimpse of the infamous pair. Bushy brown hair fanned out on the floor in front of him, blank eyes staring upwards, a light splatter of blood across her cheeks. Next to her Ron was lying in a pool of blood, an identical slash across his chest, which was slowly leaking a viscous red liquid onto the tiles. They were supposed to die quickly. Harry hadn't known that the wounds he inflicted had taken hours to finish them off, having run out the room the second the spells fled his wand. After that, he ignored his unease and learnt the killing curse. :We're almost there.: And so they were. The platform was twenty metres ahead now, an ugly eyesore rising out of the throng of wizards and witches. Harry leaned closer to Voldemort. :You sound far too calm. Aren't you scared? Worried?: Voldemort hummed, flashing Harry a grin that everyone else would mistake for a snarl. :In truth, I am petrified, Harry. This has always been my greatest fear, ever since I heard that first siren echo over London when I was but a mere boy, young and naïve.: Voldemort paused, eyes cooling with steeled certainty as he glanced at Kingsley Shacklebolt and the other aurors standing on the platform, watching their approach. :But they have already taken one victory from me, and I refuse to give them another.: Harry nodded, not able to reply to that. Maybe he shouldn't – those had been fine last words for Voldemort. Harry supposed he would have to think of something clever before they tied the noose around his neck. Something flashed in the corner of his eye, and his gaze was drawn to a black obelisk standing behind the platform, roughly twenty feet high, inscribed with name upon name. Harry supposed it must be a memorial for those who had died, but that wasn't what had initially caught his attention. No, at the top of the structure, encased by glass, was a plaque which showed off two thin objects. Two wands, yew and holly. Harry grabbed at Voldemort's arm, tearing the skin around his wrists as his chains protested, too shocked to speak. Voldemort turned to him, puzzled, and Harry simply jabbed his head towards the large stone. Voldemort frowned, scanning the piece until his eyes widened and his lips curled upwards. The words tumbled out. :Could we get to them? I can hold off the Dementors, if you ran through the crowd – I'm sure they'd make way for you – and maybe if the aurors –: :Don't, Harry: Voldemort said sharply, eyes still fixated on his own yew wand, which was mocking him from afar. :We'd never make it.: :We have to try!: But they had reached the platform, with the aurors now relieving the Dementors of their duty and escorting the pair the rest of the way. Harry struggled against their grip, trying to catch Voldemort's attention. :Tom, please!: :Harry, you need to calm down!: Voldemort hissed, startling the nervous auror by his side. :This is the end.: :But… but…: Harry stopped, awkwardly climbing onto the wooden block, following his lover's lead. This couldn't be the end. It couldn't. The faces stretched out vastly in front of him, the crowd completely focused on them. They were silent now, as if waiting for something to happen. Harry almost missed their shouts. :Don't move or try anything, Harry. Let us die in peace: Harry nodded, trying to stand upright and proud, and a glance to his right showed that Voldemort was doing the same. A rope slipped around his neck, the thick knotted twine slowly tightening as the auror at his back adjusted the noose. Thin fibres coming off the rope scratched at his skin, almost ticklish, and Harry swallowed as the noose finally came to a stop, uncomfortably digging into his throat, making it hard to breathe. The auror stepped back, and Harry wondered what would happen next. A speech from the Minister? An official sentencing from the head of the DMLE? :I love you.: It was so quiet that Harry almost missed it, unable to believe his ears. Had Voldemort just…? Harry fell when the block disappeared, the rope rushed up his neck to meet the base of his skull and he barely had time to flail, before something snapped and he knew no more. A/N Yeah… so I haven't written for this pairing before. Well, I've written for TR/HP but that's not the same thing, no matter what Harry calls Voldemort in this story. I'm sorry that the writing is rubbish, there are probably hundreds of errors, but I'm not exactly in the best mindset right now and I felt compelled to write this story. Mostly because I was feeling awful post-surgery and wanted my characters to feel awful as well. Anyway, hope you like it(?) I'm on tumblr at rhodium-rose :)