Riddle crashing down on top of him. Harry groaned, feeling his body bruise and ache, Riddle's added weight not helping. Riddle, who was still lying on top of Harry. "Ge' off." Harry's muffled voice demanded, his face buried into Riddle's jacket. Riddle chuckled. "I can't – I'm not good at skating." Harry's brow furrowed, his glare turning suspicious. "Doesn' ma'er. Ge' off." Riddle leaned into Harry, until he was close that Harry could feel his breath against his forehead. His dark brown hair was falling down, almost brushing Harry and his dark grey eyes were grinning with mirth. Harry began to writhe, uselessly pushing against Riddle and trying to shove the taller man off. "People are staring! Ge' off!" "No, they're not. Don't lie, Harry." Harry didn't care – he knew what sight they made to the other people on the ice. His face flushed red. Riddle smirked, thin pink lips tugging upwards. "Are you sure you want me to get off?" Harry fumed. "Yes, move you perverted bastard!" Riddle finally leant back, straddling Harry's legs and Harry was quick to squirm out and stand back upright on the ice, Riddle still down on his knees in front of him. "How uncouth, Harry. Such vulgar words for someone so young." Riddle mocked, making no apparent effort to move. "Young? I'm what, three years younger than you?" "And do I swear?" Riddle rebutted, a dark smile teasing Harry. "No, because such words have not been programmed into your vocabulary." Riddle tsked, scolding Harry as if he was some little boy – which he wasn't! He was just a little short, that's all. "Do you like me like this, Harry?" Riddle questioned, something sly dripping from his words. Harry was confused, somewhat taken back by the sudden change in direction. "Like what?" Riddle grinned. "On my knees. In front of you." Harry didn't miss the insinuation. A hot blush blossomed onto his cheeks, Riddle's half-lidded eyes not helping at all. "Come on." Harry's voice was unnaturally strained, and he pointedly looked past Riddle as the man accepted Harry's outstretched hand and pulled himself to his feet. Harry coughed, clearing his throat and silently wished away the blush still staining his face. They returned to the wall – thankfully, with no more incidents. Both Riddle and Harry settled into silence as they started testing the ice again, one hand on the wall for balance. As Riddle slowly became more comfortable on the ice, leaving the wall to skate around other newbies and returning when he lost his balance, Harry began looking for revenge. There! Some of the ice had been kicked up when the pro-skaters skidded to a halt, leaving a deep scar in the ice. Harry scooped up a handful, the ice quickly numbing his naked hand, but he ignored it – quickly skating ahead to catch up with Riddle. When he was directly behind Riddle, the man holding onto the wall as a swarm of penguin-wielding toddlers skated past, he called out the his name. Riddle turned around, and his face quickly became plastered with ice as Harry hurled his makeshift snowball at his boss. Harry laughed as Riddle silently wiped off the 'snow', his expression impassive. However, Harry's laugh soon died off as Riddle looked at him blankly, suddenly worrying if he had gone too far. Then, Harry's eyes caught a few crystals still hanging on to the outside of Riddle's lip, and before he knew it he was cleaning them off with an outstretched finger. Riddle stared at Harry, and Harry, who had just come to his senses, snapped his hand back to his side as if burnt. "I – I was just - " Harry stammered, hating himself for being so nervous. He was just what ? Feeling the sudden urge to poke his boss's face? Riddle smiled, but it was real this time – the skin around his eyes crinkled and for the first time Harry noticed how beautiful they were. Riddle's face moved closer to Harry, and at the same time Harry knew what was about to happen but also disbelieving that it would. Then Riddle's lips were on Harry's, cold from the ice but soft, gently pushing against Harry's lower lip. To both Harry's surprise and resignation, he found himself returning the kiss. It was slow and sweet, an uncharacteristic show of gentleness from the man Harry had always called a heartless robot. Harry grew bolder, fiercely pressing up against the man and seeking to deepen the kiss. Riddle complied, and what was once a mild touch quickly devolved into a passionate locking of lips, with both sides eager to reclaim power. Then, as soon as it had begun, it was over, Riddle having leant back with his lips thoroughly abused. Harry lost his newly regained confidence as they parted – too soon – and had to look away, down at the scarred ice because if he did look at Riddle, he knew he'd lose his balance. Riddle's hand grabbed Harry's chin, softly, caressing – and brought Harry back round to face him. His grey eyes, usually so steely and hard were tender and kind, and Harry swallowed heavily. "How about we get off the ice, and get some coffee?" Riddle suggested, smiling as Harry's eyes instantly lit up. "God, yes." The promise of coffee instantly erased any of his nerves, the mere temptation of it sending a bolt of adrenaline to his heart, which was already outrageously fluttering. "Perfect." A/N So this is why Rabbits and Time-Turners wasn't updated yesterday. I'm sorry – I just couldn't get this out of my head. My excuse is that I updated RaTT early on New Year's, so it's not like I'm skipping a week. Bear in mind that this is my first ever fanfic with romantic sentiments , and so I'm feeling quite nervous about posting this. Please tell me what you thought, and whether you'd like to see some more fics like this in the future!