first. One thing at a time, he decided. Approaching the door quietly, he once again pulled it open, and called gently through the door. "I'm not angry, Harry," he told the boy. "And yes, I did help Blaise. He is at home with the Weasleys." At first, Harry didn't answer, but Severus waited a bit to be sure he wasn't going to, and was rewarded. "Wh-what happened?" he asked softly. "That is for him to tell you," Snape told him. "But you were quite right that he needed help. He'll be alright, now." "Oh," Harry said. There was a brief pause, again, but then he answered. "Good," he said. "...thank you. I'm sorry I yelled at you." Severus frowned. Yelled at him? Oh. Yes, the boy had been angry with him, the night before, when Severus had initially focussed on the danger to Harry instead of on Blaise. "You are my first priority, Harry," he told him firmly. "Always. But I will care for Blaise, too. Do not worry." Even to the point of taking the boy in himself, he realized. But he really hoped he didn't have to do that. Money would be tight, for one thing, and really, Blaise needed more concentration than he could give him, right now. Harry was still...damaged. Really damaged. He needed all that Severus could offer him. The boy...watched her, Molly realized that first week. He barely said a word other than the basic polite pleasantries, but he watched everything, his gaze sharp and intelligent, evaluating. Also Ron and Arthur and Ginny, but especially her. It was a little...creepy, actually, and Ron kept giving him – and her - worried looks, but Molly realized after only three days what Blaise was doing. Blaise had come home with her Tuesday evening. By Friday, the boy knew – to a tee – exactly what to do, when. When to wake up, when to come down to help set up for breakfast, how they worked the dish cleaning spell on the sink and where all the dishes went after they were clean and dry. He knew where all the cleaning supplies were kept, and was always quicker than her to get to them if there was any sort of a spill or mess after a meal. He was even pushing the laundry along, if she didn't get to it within five minutes of that finishing. Most importantly, and most tellingly, he knew how to disappear, entirely, as soon as he ran out of tasks. It was like having a particularly shy house-elf. The only time she ever saw the boy was when he was cleaning something, or when Arthur read to Ginny in the evenings and the boy crept out to listen quietly in a doorway. He didn't even sit down. And she. Did not. Like. it. No child should be that perfectly behaved. Especially not a child who was evidently a "trouble maker" at school. And he was evidently going on the assumption that she didn't actually want him there, which just wasn't true. She was nervous about it, sure, but part of her loved the crazy idea. But what to do with the boy? She absolutely agreed with Arthur that they needed to commit to taking him, but she hadn't a clue how to pull him out of his shell! She'd never had a quiet child before. What if the boy was miserable, with them? What would they do, then? Mrs. Weasley wasn't pleased, Blaise knew. He didn't know exactly why she wasn't pleased, but though she was very kind – and very inclined to touch him, which he really didn't mind, despite having no real idea what to do with it – he could not please her. She smiled at him to his face, sure, but her eyes creased into worried crow's feet every time she thought he wasn't looking. It wasn't the overblown pity he'd occasionally gotten from female relatives when he was little, either – it was something more genuine. Which was probably a problem. Sure, she'd keep him for a little while out of pity, but if his presence was actually making her unhappy, he had to fix it or he'd be out again in a couple of months. Problem was, he really didn't know how. He was doing everything he knew how to do. It had worked with the Luxanuses. They might've even kept him for real, if he hadn't suddenly found himself fighting on the wrong side. They'd even seemed to like him, or at least to like bragging to their friends about his mother's pureblood lineage. Mrs. Weasley... well, she didn't dislike him, precisely, but he was making her unhappy. It really didn't matter why, nor did it matter that Ron was also worried or that Mr. Weasley tried to engage him in conversation and seemed blithely oblivious to Blaise's unwillingness to talk . If someone was going to get tired of his presence, it would be Mrs. Weasley, who was home all day and who wasn't, for some reason, satisfied with his efforts to get along. Most likely, she wanted him to be more affectionate, or something. Unfortunately, Blaise was aware he'd largely lost that ability. He certainly couldn't fake it. Harry had figured it out, some, largely because Snape hadn't really expected it, and what Snape had expected he'd actually taught him. Just...grabbed him and taught him. It had been a freaking miracle of the type Blaise really couldn't expect for himself. At any rate, it meant that Blaise probably couldn't expect much, this time. Blaise was a Death Eater's kid, raised by, if not always Death Eaters, at least not blood traitors. Molly Weasley's soul was so clean it squeaked. It was a good thing Blaise had Snape to fall back on, for awhile. Mrs. Weasley was just too...not a Death Eater. Way, way too not a Death Eater to want to keep Blaise for very long. A/n: Hope you liked! Let me know?