up for a few hours after what you threw at him. I was inquiring of your previous training, if any, that you've done." Draco frowned internally. Why hadn't Robards asked the others the same question? Out of habit, he reached for his forearm and realized what the other man must have meant. He had taken particular interest in Draco's dark mark earlier during the inspection. "I thought it'd fade…" Robards had said. Did the guy really expect him to talk about the Dark Lord? Perhaps, to explain the various things he learned from the darkest wizard of recent times? He struggled to keep a straight face, though he felt his anger rising. "I've never had any formal training, besides my schooling, if that's what you mean. I follow my instincts and nothing more." Robards studied him for a moment longer. "Fair enough. I will see you in the morning. You're dismissed." oOo "Where were you today, Drake?" Draco was at the kitchen table, a plate of food sitting uneaten in front of him. He didn't have much of an appetite. There was too much to think about after his interview. The fact that he'd actually made it, actually passed. The fact the he will now be working with his former enemy, Harry Potter. Former ? He reached into his pocket for his Camel pack, in need of a smoke, but found the package empty. He cursed. Blaise, who was sitting opposite him, tapped on the table to grab his attention. "Hey. I'm talking to you." Draco took his time in answering. After all, he wasn't just some lowly servant to be tapped to attention. "What is it?" "Where. Were you. Today." "Around," Draco responded. "Around," Blaise repeated. Draco avoided the man's eyes. Did he always have to keep a tab on where he was? Can't Draco have a little privacy in his life? "Well, where is 'around' exactly?" Blaise asked loudly. He raised his flask and took a long swig. If he kept at it he would be incomprehensible by the end of the night. Draco felt an argument coming along. He could just answer the question. Calm the man down. Blaise was a stubborn, controlling bastard who always needed things done his way. It'd been like that ever since their school days. And even more so if he was inebriated. Draco liked to think that during the worst instances, that Blaise's temper could even rival that of the Dark Lord. Probably an exaggeration, but it would spike Draco's amusement all the same. Lucky for Draco, he was exactly the same way. Draco stood up from the table and made his way to the living room in search of a cigarette. He heard Blaise following behind. Draco checked the cabinet drawers and the top of one of the bookshelves. There! He pulled down a fresh pack and took a cigarette out, lit it, and took a long drag. He let his breath out slowly, feeling his nerves calm. He didn't turn around to face Blaise. "Why can't you just answer my fucking question, Drake? It's a simple fucking question." "I'm really not in the mood for your shit tonight, Blaise. So back the fuck off my dick, will you?" Before he could take in another drag he was thrown forcefully onto the couch, his cig and his pack falling from his hand. "Blaise, what the fuck—" A hand closed around his throat. Not choking him, but hard enough to hold him in place. "Blaise-" Draco reached for his waistband. "Oh, no you don't you little bitch," he hissed. Blaise threw his wand out of reach. The hand that wasn't on Draco's throat closed around his hands and held them still. Despite Draco's efforts to pry him off his body, the other man was taller and much stronger. "I'll teach you to talk to me like that." Draco was having trouble breathing and when his throat was finally released he hadn't enough time to take a breath before Blaise's mouth was over his own, his tongue intruding forcefully in between his lips. He reeked of fire whiskey and he tried in vain to push him off again. Draco's hands were placed over his head and Blaise moved his mouth down to Draco's jaw line. He felt an unwelcome twinge below his navel. He was breathing hard, and he closed his eyes as Blaise bit a particularly sensitive spot near his earlobe, eliciting a gasp from Draco's lips. Blaise laughed softly. Fucking bastard. oOo A while later Draco slipped back into his trousers and carefully stooped to pick up his pack from the floor. The lit cigarette had burned out, leaving a small scorch mark on the shiny wooden floor. He vanished the mark with a wave of his wand. Inhaling a newly lit fag, he went to grab a blanket from one of the cupboards in the hallways and threw it over the young man the couch, who lay passed out. He watched him for a moment, not really knowing what he was feeling, preferring to ignore the dull ache somewhere in his chest. He made his way to the shower and turned it on. After closer inspection, Draco found five fresh bruises on his body. He rubbed at a particularly nasty purple bruise on his hip bone, willing it to disappear. It wasn't the first time Blaise had been violent. At the start, Draco had found his roughness sort of appealing, something familiar. Something that he could handle. But now it had taken over their friendship and Draco found it difficult to remember the last proper conversation they'd had. He undressed, stepping into the shower, and forced himself under the scalding hot water that was spraying against his skin. He clenched his teeth, rubbing away at the skin on his arms, his chest, his legs, willing for the water to wash away the filth that he could feel eating away at him slowly, slowly. oOo End Chapter One Passive Aggressive—Placebo