the party," Harry replies with the same hand reaching towards the sheet again only to be slapped away. Looking at Harry once me, Daphne leaves the bed and pulls on her jeans, knickers forgotten as she pulls on her boots. "Don't be like that Harry, you've got two important guests downstairs." Even behind the closet shutters I can easily spot the mocking smile on her face. 'Bitch…' A bored look covered Harry's face. "Thanks for reminding me…" he mutters. Daphne laughs at Harry's tone. She watches as Harry admires Daphne's slim form slipping into her clothes, propping himself up on his elbows, sheet falling to his waist as Daphne picks up her top and ripped knickers. She casually tosses them to Harry who catches them, bringing them to his nose with a deep breath. "You're such a dog sometimes," she laughs. Harry just laughs at her words. "You love this dog . I haven't forgotten about my promise. I'll buy you another pair, anything you like – just tell me." "I'll hold you to that, Mr Potter," Daphne says, now fully dressed as she makes her way back over to Harry – leaning downwards to plant one last kiss on Harry's lips. "Stay the night, we can continue what we started before," he says to Daphne, sounding more like a demand than a request. Daphne just smiles in response, giving him one last kiss as she pulls away from Harry. From my limited view, I can see Daphne stop at the door and turn around again. "Here, catch." Reaching into her back pocket, Daphne pulls out a packet of half full cigarettes. Pulling one out for herself, Daphne places the cig into her mouth as she throws the packet to Harry. Harry naturally catches it with one hand, taking one out of the packet himself and looks back at her. "I love you." My eyes bulge out at Harry's words, I'd never thought I'd ever hear Harry says those words to anyone, let alone someone like Daphne Greengrass. "Love you too," she mumbles back, mouth occupied with her cigarette – her wand being lifted to her lips, the red tip immediately lighting the cigarette. Daphne closes the door behind her, not before turning the bedroom light on first. Harry is now sitting up on the bed, bringing his own wand up to his mouth to light his own. The cigarette packet thrown onto bed as Harry leans against the headboard, the smell of sex and smoke reaching my nose as I continue to watch. He gets up eventually, vanishing the ash and used cigarette with a flick of the hand. His muscular form covered up once again by his clothes as he leaves the room – whistling to himself as he closes the door behind him. I let my back hit the closet wall, the wooden surface providing no cushion as I fall to the ground in relief. 'Finally. It's over, I can leave. Although I've got to do some cleaning myself.' Bringing out my own wand I apply the normal cleaning charms, more specifically at my damp knickers – much to my shame as I feel my cheeks heat up. The rest of the party is an awkward affair. Both Daphne and Harry go about as if nothing had just happened. Harry's tousled hair attracting no wondering eyes as I'm the only one to know what had just happened, I'm still shocked to the core about it. They both pulled it off without anyone else noticing, as if they'd been doing it for some time. 'Perhaps months,' she thinks to herself. I've decided to stay away from Harry, his comments in the bedroom and what she'd just saw only just adding on to her broken relationship with Harry – Ron doesn't say a thing when I return to his side, only a small smile sent my way as he continues to talk with those around him, with me at his side once again. Hours later, the party is winding down to just a few people – the old Hogwarts crowd being the main bulk of the people in room as I look around, I take in the look of Daphne's blonde hair and Pansy's short hair disappearing in the direction of Harry's room. 'Looks like she's staying the night then.' I'm sitting in a seat near Harry's kitchen, Ron had previously left in search of the bathroom which has left me alone for the moment – but it's this time I see Harry's form coming towards me. "Had a good night?" he asks me, the smell of Whiskey heavy on his breath as stands in front of me. I take a good look at his face, although in a drunken state with a lazy smile on his face – he's still rather handsome. "I did. It was a pretty good party" I reply, not knowing what else to say. "Thanks," he says in a normal tone, not bordering on boredom or sounding genuine. He brushes past me to reach for a bottle of Whiskey – I breathe in the scent on perfume clinging to Harry's clothes as he moves, the scent of Daphne still on him. He moves away after that, saying quick farewells to the others in the room as he climbs the stairs to his room. With Harry's back finally out of view I lean back in my chair, blowing out a tired breath as I feel my nerves return to normal. "Ready to go?" Ron's voice reaches my ears as I shift in my seat, taking in Ron's tired appearance as he stands to the side of me. "Yes, let's go. It's been a long night." Ron just lifts a confused at eyebrow at my words – already making his way towards the front door as I trail behind, but not without one last glance to stairs leading to Harry's room – the nights event still fresh in my mind as I walk through the door.