in the fifth book" said Mis building steam, "I can't handle Sirius dying, I won't allow it. I don't care if I have to cast a permanent sticking charm between us I won't…" "You won't be able to perform magic." Mrs. Weber cut her off, and Mis seemed to deflate entirely. "Why the hell not?" Mis said putting her hand on her hips, gaining back energy through indignation. "How in Merlin's name am I going to do anything without magical abilities, I'll be helpless, you'd just send in a Muggle?! With Voldemort prancing 'round like the billowy bitch that he is, Avada Kadavra-ing everyone in sight." She exclaimed, clearly appalled. "You're not a part of that world, you won't be able to do magic, but that also means it won't affect you. The 'billowing bitch' as you so aptly named him, can fire every form of dark magic your way and it cannot harm you. You'll be able to see though magical enchantments, as well." The old woman said putting her hand out in front of her, as if trying to coax a spooked horse. Mis lifted one eyebrow, and froze her hand in place as it was flailing over her head. "Well, that's…gonna be fun" Mis said with a sweet smile and an impish glint in her dark eyes. "Now." Mis said sitting back down in her chair and moving it closer to where Mrs. Weber sat. "I have two more questions, what am I going to change, and…why in pluperfect fuck am I the one who has to go?" Mis said giving the old woman a sharp look. Mrs. Weber gave a sweet knowing smile, and placed a wrinkled hand on Mis' knee. "You can change whatever you want, I'm gifting you the ability to consult Tom Riddle to victory if you so desire, I don't think you will, that's why I'm sending you." The old woman removed her hand, to take a sip of her tea, and said softly "That, and you've got an evil presence latched onto you, remember the one with many names... I'm sending you to one of his domains, to meet him on his field. I could teach you how to get rid of him here…but what's the fun in that?" Mrs. Weber said nonchalantly, setting her steaming mug back down. Mis closed her eyes, and put her head in her hands, suddenly feeling very small and overwhelmed. After a few moments she took out her phone from her back pocket, and noticed a text from her Mom, Love you Missy, have fun . "I'll be able to come home when it's all over, right? I'm not gonna be exiled out of my own dimension or anything?" the young girl said, as she continued to look at the innocent text. "Of course, Mis, you won't have to stay anywhere you don't want to." Said Mrs. Weber with a comforting arm on her shoulder, "but I can't promise you'll want to come home, and if you do you won't be the same." Mis' head snapped up, "You stole that from The Hobbit. What's up old lady? Can't even send someone out on an inter-dimensional quest without jackin' some other wizard's inspirational, yet slightly ominous speech?" Said Mis with a smile in her voice. "I guess not" the old woman said fondly. "Ok, then." Mis jumped out of her chair and clapped her hands together excitedly, "I'm ready, beam me up." The old woman laughed and brought down out of the grey hair piled on top of her head, a pin with a gold rose which held in its center a softly luminescent pearl. Mis went and grabbed her backpack, stumbling in her haste to get back to the kitchen table. "You've seen the Wizard of Oz? This pin works similarly to the ruby slippers." Mis made a noise, as if she was going to interrupt. "Please withhold all snarky comments, dear, you'll have plenty of time for that later." Mis closed her mouth, and waved her hand imperiously for the older woman to continue. "It will take you to where your heart wants to be." the old lady said simply, and slid the pin across the table to Mis. The young girl gave a wicked smile, and began to laugh manically like a melodramatic villain. She was abruptly cut off by a coughing fit. "Note to self, work on devious laughter." She muttered to herself. "We'll be in touch." said the old lady with a wink. Mis picked up the pin, and ran her finger along the edge of the rose's delicate gold petals. She felt the electric presence purr dangerously beside her, and Mis smiled. She felt a small bittersweet tug in her heart, if it were possible for nostalgia to have a physical feeling it would be that gentle pull. She closed her eyes, and she felt as though a warm hand was softly griping her heart and lungs, leading her to take a step forward. Unafraid, she did as she was bidden, and immediately regretted it. She felt herself falling, the hand around her heart was gone, and it left her feeling cold and empty as she continued to fall. The air rushed like a vicious river past her ears, and her limbs were whipped around her helplessly. A moment later she felt her feet planted on soft, uneven ground. Breathing heavily, she opened her eyes. Stretched out before her was a misty landscape and a lake the color of tar in the fading light of the sun, and she heard the forest rustle all around her. She turned around, and saw it. A massive stone castle, glowing and twinkling like a welcoming candle against the darkening sapphire sky. Mis felt her heart stutter at its bold relief on the canvas of darkness that surrounded it. She smiled fondly Yeah, ya think just because you didn't send me an acceptance letter, that was gonna stop me from coming. Think again, Hogwarts.