his numerous groans. The salty taste of Harry's release lingered on Daphne's tongue as she swallowed his release, all the while moaning around his cock through her own release, her fingers coated in her juices. "Now that , was fun." She said, climbing up Harry's body to sit on his lap, placing her two soaked fingers into Harry's mouth – not even giving him a chance to do anything else as she enjoyed the feeling as he sucked on them. "Did you enjoy that?" Daphne asked, looking down at him. His reply was a choked 'yes' as he continued sucking, chuckling to himself when she removed her fingers from his mouth. "What's so funny?" she asked, confused at his laugh. "We haven't had this much fun in a while, have we?" She finally removed his blindfold, smiling at his humour filled eyes staring back at her. "No." Reaching around, she undid the silk holding his wrists together – hearing his sigh of relief. "I've missed this, just me and you. Although, I wouldn't give up our children for anything." They both shared similar smiles at the mention of their children. "You do realise that we've yet to get to the main course yet." Daphne couldn't help the snort that came from her mouth. "As if you've just said that, so corny Harry." Slapping his chest in humour, she climbed up his body, taking her place at the top of the bed. "Where do you think you're going," he asked huskily as he sat up to lightly glide his hand over Daphne's arse. "I'm just getting ready…" she whispered softly. "Ready for what?" he replied teasingly, reaching out to move her sweaty blonde curls from her face. "You're still beautiful, you know that, right? Ever since we've known each other, I've always thought of you to be beautiful." Even though Daphne had two kids, her body was still nothing to turn away at. Sizable breasts, wide hips, and legs which felt divine under his touch. Even back in their teenage years her body had been one to kill for, maturing into a figure which attracted the gazes from many boys in Hogwarts. But Harry had the privilege of growing up with her, having the opportunity to see her blossom into a beautiful girl throughout the years – and even being so lucky to have her all to himself in their later years. "You're not so bad yourself," she laughed as she moved away from his touch to place herself on her knees. She gripped the headboard in front of her and looked over her shoulder. "You mentioned something about making me scream?" "Merlin…" he groaned, taking in the sight of her glistening folds. He shuffled behind her in haste, with rough hands gripping at her hips. "Fuck the silk, we've got all night to play with it." Gripping his already hard cock as he slowly pushed against her folds, delighting in the slow action as he fully sheathed himself inside her. Daphne pressed back against Harry, her shapely arse rubbing against his pelvis, and her firm breasts pressed against the wooden surface of the headboard. It was a position that Harry enjoyed being in, Daphne on her knees whilst he took control – the grip on her waist tightening even more as she moaned softy at the fullness inside her. Harry leaned forward, raising a hand to tightly grip Daphne's hair – pulling it back. Her response was immediate as her back arched and a load moan escaped her mouth. The position allowed him to go deeper, with each deep thrust Daphne could hear the sweet sounds of their skin connecting together. He didn't last long as he let go of her hair, giving out a dozen thrusts at the tightening around his cock, as he groaned against her neck. Daphne felt him spill inside her and moaned at the spreading warmth as she cleaned her muscles around him. His hand left her hip to be placed against her clit, rubbing roughly against it as he carried on thrusting – intent on bringing her release. When his teeth clamped down on a sensitive part of her neck, she released a whimper at the contact and relished in her own climax. With a scream of "Harry!", her body tingled as she came, her head falling forward to rest against the wooden surface in front of her as she rode off the lasts of her orgasm. When she finished, Harry pulled himself out of her with a groan – another groan coming from Daphne at the loss of contact. He lied on his back, pulling Daphne to lie on his chest as they both lay there gaining their breath back. Daphne didn't mind that there would probably be bruises on her hips, or that her fine hair was roughly tugged, but all she did was bask in the moment and lay light kisses against his chest. "I love you, you know? The best husband a girl like me could ever ask for," she said into his chest. He placed a hand on her nape, kneading it. "Love you, too." Smiling into his chest, she made to move off Harry, the idea of a shower on her mind. But it was brought to a halt of she felt a tight grip on her wrist. "Don't you remember? I did say before that I'd like to tie you to our bed," Daphne blinked at his comment, surprised that he's eager for more. "Now Harry? I'm already aching all over…" Her words died in her mouth as she noticed that Harry was now holding the silk in his hands again. With a husky smile on his lips as he brought her wrist to his lips, plating light kisses to it. "No getting out of this one dear wife." He was already wrapping the silk around her wrist, pulling her forward to the bed post. Smiling at her purr when she was firmly connected to the bed.