He felt her fingers threading through his hair, felt how her muscles at clenched at the contact of his mouth. Impatience got the better of Rose as she tightly gripped Harry by the hair and pulled his head up, mouth now sucking eagerly away at her clit - demanding more. Harry honestly loved it, the way she acted, how she tasted, and what she did to his body – he carried on sucking, feeling the tremors of her muscles as she arched her back and against him. "That's it, that's it, right there," she said, her voice hoarse, "More, give me more." Harry pulled back for a second time, smiling up at Rose as she was still lost in her pleasure. "Want me to finish you off?" "Only if you're capable." Laughing to himself, Harry went back to his action – doubling his actions as he wanted to make her scream. Every hitch, moan, and purr of pleasure was fuel to Harry as he carried on – even daring to place his arms on her waist, in attempt to stop Rose from taking over – and finishing herself off. But it was all for naught as she ripped his hands off and held them above his head, now leaning forward to ride Harry's mouth. In the end, Harry couldn't be so sure whether it was himself or the persistent grinding of Rose which set her off, but he could feel it, her thighs tighter, her moans growing louder, and the ever-present taste in his mouth. Her fingers tight around his wrists as she still held him in place, right where she wanted him to be. Even if Rose hadn't said his name, the soft purr of, "Oh, Harry…," that meant he was doing his job well – he would've easily noticed from the lack of tension in her thigs, the way her nails cut into his writs as she began to loosen her grip. She was still dripping wet, the evidence of it being left on Harry's chin as she leaned back – looking pleased with herself as she stretched. "That look rather suits you," she said, leaning forward to trace her lips over his lips. "Not finished yet," Harry deadpanned, forcing Rose to glance over her shoulder. Taking in the sight. "Oh. Whatever am I going to do with that. Hm?" She tutted, patting Harry's cheek in a teasing manor. "Anything, just as long as it's soon." "Anything? My, aren't you impatient tonight." She began to tease him, still sit on Harry's lap, running her hands over his body – her fingers doing delicate work to Harry's tense body as she kneaded his muscular body, but she avoided his cock – laughing aloud at Harry's groans whenever she went near it. This teasing went on a while, Rose intent on driving Harry mad, all up until Harry's impatience got the better of him. "Come on already, only so much a man can wait," to "Fucking hurry up already, driving me insane here." Rose just looked at Harry, flashing him a smile. "You're not gonna make me do all the work, are you?" "That was my intention all along, brother," she said, still sitting atop Harry. Muttering something along the lines of "Bitch…" Harry rolled her over, covering her body with his – kissing the top of her breasts. She was hot, enough to warm him as he was just a breath away – with ebony hair spilled across the bed. Harry wasted no time in lining himself up, and entering her. The slide in was smooth and hot for Harry, especially when Rose dragged Harry up by his chin so she could kiss him. Rose put a firm arm around his neck, holding him tight to her as they carried on kissing, and Rose kept kissing him until she pushed his head to the side, and planted her teeth firmly into Harry's neck. Harry was pale for man, so the bruisers and bites left on his neck, stood out amongst his skin – as if in an act of marking him as Rose's. He fucked her fast and hard - there would be time for slow and sweet on another day. ' Probably in a few hours if she has her way with me .' Rose's legs crossed around his waist and he let out a harsh, sharp noise that single-handedly closed off the whole "We've got to keep quiet," situation. Her hands scratching across Harry's bad, probably because she liked to feel his muscles flexing as he shifted, turning his head to the side again as he kissed her. "You feel amazing," he said, his voice dry. "You must be close, to start flattering me," she said, and she wasn't wrong – Harry felt like he was on fire, muscles burned, his cock aching for release, but he still wanted more. "What are you talking about? I'm a great romantic!" When he pulled back, Harry was certain that their grins matched. "Well then. Mr Romantic, could you do away with the urge to hold back." "Really?" By now Harry's hands were held tightly on Rose's hips, looking down at her magnificent form, glistening in the moons light. "Come for me, Harry. Now." If Harry wasn't too focused on controlling himself, he would've spent himself right there. "Anything for you, Sister ," Harry sped up his motions, the sound of flesh connecting together sounding out in the room - drowning out the tired breaths of the twins. Releasing himself inside Rose spent Harry, nearly falling on top of her, he braced himself slightly above her – the feeling of ecstasy all over him as he felt Rose's teeth return to his neck, finishing off an already pleasant feeling. Coming back down, he felt the annoying pinch on his arm – prompting him to roll to this side, lying next to Rose – both with labored breath, he stared at the ceiling. "That was-" Rose began "Fucking brilliant," Harry finished.