talk when I'm around," she said quietly. And then she looked up at him as if she was ready to tell him the worst news. "They're muggle borns," she whispered Sirius narrowed his eyes at her. "So?" She gaped at him. "So?" she repeats. "Mum said— -who bloody cares what Mum says," he spats at her. He pushes himself away from her. Sirius rarely has a row with his sister. They might fight over petty things but this? He couldn't believe what his kind sister is talking about. "Because we're Blacks and don't associate with— -I can't believe you," he looked at her with wide eyes. He stepped back when she reached out for him. "Maybe you do belong with Slytherin." A whole day. She hasn't spoken to her brother for the whole day. It helped to avoid each other when they had no classes together that Monday. Adhara would see amongst the halls with his new roommates. Laughing and joking around with them. And there she was like a troll, friendless and scurrying to her classes. Adhara didn't bother staying in the common room or her bedroom for her break before dinner. She decided that the library could be her sanctuary for the moment. She found a random book on Magical Creatures. She always had an interest in ever since she read a book when she was younger about hippogriffs. Newt Scamander became her favorite person as she read many of his books (well, her father or Kreacher would read them to her). "Well, hello, there," the kind voice said behind her. She looked up from her book to see Ted leaning against a bookshelf. "You must pity me to keep checking on me," she deadpans as she closed the book. "So you have an interest in magical creatures?" he asked tilting is head towards her book. "I do," she said timidly. "To be honest," he said thinking back to her previous comment. "Your cousin, Andromeda, I have some classes with her." "Okay…" "And she asked me to watch out for you," he lied. Okay, to be honest, she asked him last night on their rounds together—of course after some sweet snogging after not seeing each other all summer. But he was already planning on doing so. He could see it now even if Adhara was blind to why she was chosen for Hufflepuff. She is different. Just like Andromeda. And he wanted her to see this, what ever how long it takes, to see that she doesn't have to follow her family's mindset. "That's sweet of her," she said believing his lie. "Is that a Black with a mud blood," someone hissed behind her. Adhara flinched at the derogatory and whipped around to see who would dare say such a thing. Sixth years Evan Rosier and Abraham Flint. Ted couldn't help but smile in appreciation at her reaction to that name. But then he noticed how she furrowed her eyebrows as if she's trying to figure out something. Oh, Adhara, he thought. S he doesn't know. She then finally turned to him. "Are…are you…?" Flint made himself behind her chair. Both hands on her shoulder as he leaned close. "Aw, she didn't know," he teased. Before Flint could say it, Ted beats him to the punch. "I'm a muggle born." Ted watched as Adhara took it all in. She cringed from the touch of the sixth year and avoided looking at her prefect. Ted sighed. He knew not to take it too personally. "I got to go meet someone," he lied. "Good seeing you." Sirius wanted to jump over his table when seeing his twin walk through the door for Herbology that Tuesday morning. He could tell being separated took a toll on her just as much as it did with him. "You should go make up with her," Remus said. "I can't," he said before taking his seat next to James—who keeps glancing over at the redhead who his sister was now sitting with. That feeling of longing for his sister didn't go away when he saw her again in Transfiguration in the next class afterward. It seemed that Adhara had more Gryffindor bravery than he did about these things when it came to them having a row. Both of them being stubborn but then at the end, she would be the one to try to reconcile first. It was before lunch right after Transfiguration when she grabbed him. Sirius crossed his arms and avoided eye contact giving the illusion that he doesn't want to hear whatever she has to say. "My housemate, Ted Tonks, he's a prefect," she started. "He's also a… ." He didn't say anything still. "I only knew him for a day but before I found out, I thought he could be half-blood so it wouldn't matter," she said. "He's really nice to me. We talked all through dinner my first night and even more through out meal time. And then I found out yesterday, before lunch that he's a muggle born." "And?" he raised an eyebrow at her. "I…felt confused, a bit," she tells him. "Just because he's not pure doesn't change what he…what I know about him. That he became my first friend and— her words cut off as soon as she was engulfed into a hug. " Merlin , I missed you," he said into her hair. "I missed you, too." Ted Tonks was not that surprised when Adhara sat in front of him. His friends were but he paid them no mind. He knew he saw good in her. She's young and confused. It reminded him of when he first started to actually like Andromeda. When he saw through her façade she puts on in public but alone and vulnerable in the Astronomy building he saw something else. He saw hope. As cheesy as it sounds. " I'm sorry, " she said but didn't. Instead saying, "Hello." "Y ou're forgiven ," he said but it coming out as, "Hi."