a reaction other than petulance. "Mmmy mother?" Malfoy blubbered. "W-w-what's my m-m-mother got-t … m-m-my poor mother." His own thoughts caught up with him in mid-sentence and changed direction. His gaze became unfocused, and it actually seemed to Hermione that some tears appeared. They didn't fall, however. Malfoy would never be caught crying. "There, there, Malfoy," she said soothingly. "There's an easy solution. You're going to help me and come home victorious. She'll be so proud." After a minute of sniffing silently, he pushed his cup away from him and tried to focus his swimming eyes on her. Hermione felt she had enough of his attention to put the bottle aside, next to the cup at the far end of the table, and continue with her tale. "Okay, now, Voldemort assumed, according to his notes, that the spring of magic was something where magic could be replenished, and life force, too. Harry and his expedition were looking for some kind of spring, as in liquid coming in any kind of shape, being caught in any vessel. They searched the location of the cave and surroundings thoroughly, but didn't find anything." Malfoy was busy making an intense visual reconnection with his bottle, but Hermione assumed he was listening. "Now, whatever they did while searching, according to Luna …" - here Malfoy snorted, "Loony Lovegood, the anacoluthon" - to which Hermione replied with exasperation. He might be under a curse, but could he let her finish one sentence uncommented? "As I was saying, Luna," she emphasized her friend's Christian name when continuing in a sharp voice, "remarked, in one of her surprise appearances, that Harry and the expedition broke something. She was subsequently kidnapped and taken away, but not before leaving me a message, scratched on her kitchen wall: Yoth." If this was anyhow familiar to Malfoy and his pureblood upbringing, he didn't let her know. Having snatched up his empty cup with shaky hands, he took a deep swig, found a last drop and sighed relieved. "Does this ring a bell, Malfoy?" He startled. "What was that?" "Yoth," Hermione persisted. "Is it familiar?" Malfoy put on the appearance of deep thinking, but the effect was that of a confused alcoholic: he had started to shake his head as soon as he'd heard the word. Whatever the alcohol did to him, his lying skills had not improved. There had to be an advantage in that. So much for his pureblood connection. Hermione clucked her tongue in slight annoyance over the effects of his drunkenness and his lack of recognition, but she had done her homework. She wasn't dependent on his pureblood arse for knowledge. "Well, then, listen up, and listen well. I don't know what dangers we are going to face, and I don't want to have to repeat the details because you've been sitting on your ears and didn't get it into your alcohol addled brain." "Spit it out, Granger, you hagging nag, err, nagging hag. Don't talk to me like I'm a bath-tub admiral. I'm not as stupid nor as drunk as you seem to think, Miss War-Heroine-who-likes-to-stay-out-of-the-limelight." That hit. How did he know? She was absolutely certain that she had done the spell properly every time. Nobody should know. But if she asked him directly, he would deny anything specific. Better to find out inconspicuously at a later time. So Hermione waved her hand dismissively and snarled at him, feeling her hair twitch, "Whatever you say, Malfoy. Will you listen now or do I have to throw all your bottles overboard?" If he could have breathed fire, he would have had the same expression. "You wouldn't dare, you Ostrogoth." "Watch me, you miserable alcoholic." Her hair bristled dangerously again. Malfoy banged his cup on the table and got up. "All right, that's it. Did you need my help, Granger, was that it? Because right now, I'm not really inclined to do anything for you." Hermione took a deep breath and smoothed her hands down her tresses. He was right. She did need his help. And she didn't need a troll head. "All right, Malfoy. My apologies. Please, sit down again, and I'll tell you what I know and what we can expect." For a moment, he looked as if he wanted to walk out. On second thought, he seemed to remember what awaited him at home if he didn't help her. He sat down again with a grunt and took his empty cup to roll it between his hands. His sideways glance at the bottle didn't escape her. "Later," she besieged him. "Please, listen first, okay?" Angry grey eyes stared at her. They couldn't quite stand still and reminded Hermione of the raging sea on the other side of the hull, implacable and incessantly moving, an incalculable power. It surprised her a bit when he simply nodded. Hermione straightened her shoulders to face Malfoy on an even level. It always helped her to be more confident in her explanations if she was able to meet her correspondent eye to eye. "All right, our task will be three-fold. We have to find what's affecting the expedition members to be able to undo it. We have to find Luna and bring her back. And we have to find out what she said Harry and the others broke and see if it poses any threat to us. I assume is has something to do with the curse that's affecting them, so it is quite likely dangerous. Do you understand?" Malfoy had the appearance of not having heard half of what she said, but he proved her wrong when he asked, "And why exactly do you need me to trudge along?" A small smile played around Hermione's mouth. "You, Malfoy, are going to be my pureblooded bait. If the sea doesn't sink us, our ship will land at Callao in three days' time. And they will find us because of you. If they haven't already." Malfoy took the bottle back without another word.