I hadn't been an idiot most of my life I would have recognized your worth, and the worth of other muggleborns. You are too good Granger. I know you will be the one to change the world. And that," he nodded at the box. "Will help you." He gently touched her hand. "I know that this seems out of character and farfetched, but my PsyWitch is certain I can become better. She believes in me and that makes me want to try. She says that my upbringing brainwashed me." He let go of her hand. "You are not only the brightest witch of our age but the best. That is why I chose you. I was raised to believe purebloods would rule. I now realize it's people like you, who aren't concerned with blood, who will save the wizarding world." He walked away leaving Hermione to return to her companions. She entered the compartment without looking at them. They stared at her as she sat down. No one spoke for several minutes. "Are you going to open the box?" Luna asked. "I don't think you should!" Neville and Ginny said together. Hermione raised an eye brow at them. Neville blushed. "It could be poisoned!" Neville pleaded. "It could be cursed!" Ginny countered. Hermione considered for a moment and then whistled for Crookshanks. The orange cat appeared and settled across Hermione's shoulders. She lifted the box for him to inspect. The cat sniffed the box, mewed softly, and promptly crawled into Hermione's lap as if to say, "That's just a box what do you want from me?" So Hermione opened it. Inside was a bulb in the shape of a young woman sleeping. Neville let out a low whistle when he saw it. Hermione gently extracted it to take a closer look. The figure slept on only moving slightly in Hermione's hand. She realized it wasn't just a figure, but a complete young woman head to toe. "That's a witch's rose bulb." Neville said in a hushed whisper. He went into his bag and grabbed out a book, a small pot, and a bag of soil. "Hermione you have to plant it since you will be taking care of it. This book is about extremely rare plants, and there is a whole chapter dedicated to this particular specimen." Hermione placed the plant back in her box and took some time to read through the chapter. "It says here it is a plant that protects the one who plants it and their family. The planter should be a woman due to the bulb preferring women. If I take good care of it, it will live as long as I have family members. The first year of growth is its most significant. It is quite rare to receive a bulb not associated with a family due to its longstanding association with pureblood families. It does not need to be near it's human to protect her or him." She looked at Neville. "It does not say how it protects. Why did you say they are so rare when pureblood's have them?" Neville shrugged, "Gran told me once our family had one before my dad was born. There was a disease that had whipped out many families' bushes during the first wizarding war. She knows how to take care of them pretty well. I can owl her and let her know you might need tips. Especially when it comes to replanting, it can be a real pain." Ginny spoke up. "I've heard of those. Mum and Dad talked about them a couple times. Our family also lost ours around the time Neville's Gran lost hers." Luna nodded, "Same with our family." "Interesting," Whispered Hermione. "How come no one talks about them? I've never run across a reading including them or even in Herbology class." Again, Neville shrugged. "When they were popular and grown they were considered a woman's thing to decorate the home. A lot of knowledge about the plants was left to the matriarch to pass down. When the disease hit no one understood what it would mean. It had been so long since they were considered important and by then only rare plant books wrote about them. When the disease took the bushes the wizard community realized their error in not appreciating the plants. Very few families had been able to save them. I suppose it was one of those magical things people were ashamed they couldn't save so they didn't talk about it. The real question is where did Malfoy get it?" "And why did he give it to me?" The cabin fell silent and contemplative. Hermione mentally quieted the questions running through her brain, knowing she would just go to the library to research more. Then she began to plant the small bulb. When she finished they had reached Hogwarts. She gentled spoke an incantation to water the plant. Hermione carefully wrapped the pot in her school scarf and put it in the crook of her arm. The only time she had experienced such love for a living thing was when she had purchased Crookshanks. She knew from her reading this was the plant sending out signals to her for bonding reasons, ensuring she would always look after it. The group descended to the platform, Crookshanks trailing behind them. Hermione informed the cat that she would meet him in their room, and he took off like a shot. Ever since she had left him with Molly during the war he had been extra clingy. She understood, she had missed him dearly and it hurt her to know he didn't fully trust her yet. Neville led them to the threshals and helped them board. All around Hermione there were students greeting one another. Some were cheering, some crying, and all were glad to see their friends alive. The ride to the castle was quiet for Hermione and the gang, made even quieter by Luna's only comment. "We can all see threshals now."