all. Each side has horrible magic though so don't think either is pure good." She said. That seemed to elicit a groan from Rex who had just cloned a copy of the paperwork and sent it back over to Ragnorak. "Please don't remind me of my Seventh Year paper you assigned me. I had to research the vilest White Magic and Black Magic there is. I covered Aztec Sacrificial Magic for White Magic and Horcruxes for Black Magic. It was really hard to find any information on either since they're rather ancient pieces of magic." He groaned. Vivianne simply chuckled and rose an eyebrow at Rex. "Well, you were the one who chose ancient forms of magic. You could have simply chosen Obscurial Magic for Black Magic and Slavery Binds for White Magic." She pointed out. That caused Rex to scowl and shake his head. "And be like everyone else? I swear, even though the last known Obscurial was here in the nineteen twenties everyone chose that topic. They also chose Slavery Binds because of freaking House Elves. I wanted to be unique." He said with a huff. Professor Picquery rolled her eyes before she turned her attention back to Harry who seemed to be laughing which caused her to smile. Ragnorak cleared his throat to catch everyone's attention. "Alright then, the paperwork's done so you now have a joint vault between our two banks. This means that the Luna Mutante vault will have your entire fortune in Sprinks and Dragots while the Gringotts vault will have everything in Galleons, Sickles, and Knuts. If you take money out of one vault, the other will deduct the currency difference from itself. Rex will explain the rest from here, I have a meeting in a few minutes. It was nice seeing you Rex." Ragnorak said before the mirror went blank and back to its normal state. Rex turned towards them and nodded before pulling out two items. One was a simple old fashioned key and the other was a credit card, something he had seen his Aunt with. "This key will grant you access to your vault. You won't be able to access your main vault which holds all your artifacts and everything else until you are emancipated or hit sixteen. This credit card will allow you to purchase anything you need in both the No-Maj world and the Magical World. Also.." He said before leaning down. He started shuffling through his desk before he found what he was looking for. It was a simple slip of paper, that is until he waved his wand over it. When he did, writing appeared across it. He then handed it to Harry who read it and gapped at the numbers. "That is your account statement with how much money you have available to you. It is safe to say that unless you go spending hundreds of thousands of galleons ever few months you won't be broke." Rex said. That much was true, the number on the piece of paper was insane. It even gave him a translation of the currency to No-Maj currency. Thankfully, it also explained how American Currency worked. There were two unites, a Dragots and a Sprinks which functioned just like the American No-Maj currency. There were a hundred Sprinks to a Dragot and the Dragot had fractional units in the form of fourths and halves. Once he finished reading it he thanked the man and he and Professor Picquery left to go get his stuff. When they got outside of the bank, the first place she took him to was a trunk store. It was there that Harry got a four compartment trunk that had a library section, a section for his potions ingredients, a section for his clothes, and a section for everything else. They then made their way to the clothing store because that would take the longest according to Vivianne. And boy was she right because it took about two hours for them to get all the clothes he needed. Though, Harry was thankful that his clothing had expansion charms just in case he grew so he wouldn't have to go through it again. The next stop was the apothecary where he got all his potions equipment and his potions kit followed by the book store, Paige and Cauver . That lasted the second longest because Harry wanted a lot of different books and when he came to the counter with a lot of books the cash register lady smiled at him and said something about him being a Horned Serpent. Vivianne said that it would be explained later to him. Lastly they stopped at the pet store, A Magical's Familiar . It was there that Harry found a pet snake, specifically a Frostwinder. Frostwinders were cousins to the Ashwinder, a snake that lived only for an hour before bursting into flames after laying eggs. However, unlike their cousins, Frostwinders can live for years upon years and were very venomous. Their venom causes acute hypothermia that is very painful and deadly, causing the victim to practically freeze to death. At first Vivianne was going to deny Harry the snake until he showed that he could actually speak with the snake. She then made him promise to ask the snake to not bite anyone unless threatened if he wanted to keep it as a familiar. Harry agreed, as did the snake, and in turn Harry named the snake, which was a male, Shimo which was Japanese for frost. From there, they departed for the MACUSA building where Harry would find out about his living arrangements. Hope you guys enjoyed it! As of now this story's following my other stories' updating schedule which is at the beginning and end of the month. I only have like four chapters so far but am working on the fifth! I have tentative plans for this story and hope to develop them further. As usual and standard, I would love your guys' suggestions!