neck!' Bruises and small bites lay down the right side of the woman's neck, unwelcome additions to a woman's body, think's Hermione as she notices even more on the woman's tanned skin. Hermione can already feel herself flush at the sight, face burning in embarrassment. She tries to speak, to say anything – but she's beaten to it. "Who are you?" Comes her soft voice. Hermione blinks, surprised by woman's tone. "I'm just, uh, looking for Harry Potter. I was told that he lives here, although I'm probably wrong – might as well get going," Hermione hastily finishes her sentence, already wanting to get out this situation. The unknown woman scoffs at Hermione. "What's your name?" Taken aback by the question, Hermione blinks a few times. "It's, uh..." "Come on, you don't know your own name?" 'Merlin, this woman,' Hermione can already feel her head throb in annoyance, practically seething at the woman in front of her. "Forget it, I must've been mistaken. Sorry to have bothered you." The woman leaning on the door frame smirks smugly at Hermione, shrugging an innocent "Bye, bye," Hermione makes to turn away from the door, intent on never visiting this place again, when- "Lyra." Hermione stops, frozen to the ground she's on. "Who is it?" 'Is that? Harry!?' Hermione feels her stomach clench at the sound of Harry, having not hearing the simple sound of Harry talking in years – she feels like she's going to fall in on herself, praying to god that everything goes right. Quickly she whips around to face the door and is met with a set of eyes, Harry's deep emerald eyes. "It's really you…" Hermione breathes out, a faint smile forming on her lips. "What the fuck…" Harry says aloud, bringing Hermione's smile crashing down. Hermione can barely imagine her own face. She can feel her frown settle down on her face at Harry's sentence. She must look like a beaten dog, disappointed and down. Harry just blinks at her, his face morphing into something resembling resent. Looking up to Harry's imposing height, Hermione feels small under Harry's green gaze – something she would have ever thought she'd feel from Harry again. 'Why am I so surprised, it's no wonder he still hates me,' she feels stupid, 'Why even bother of getting my hopes up.' The still unknown woman, still stands aside Harry – looking amused at the conversation. "What do you want?" Harry says, bringing Hermione's gaze back to his face. His tone bearing a hint of impatience. Hermione can hardly breathe right now, she feels like a first-year again, under the strict rule of Professor Snape. "Harry, I just want to speak-" Hermione is interrupted by the laugh from the woman at Harry's side. With her hand attempting to cover her mouth, she's practically laughing at Hermione. "You're Hermione, aren't you?" The woman says to Hermione, still laughing lightly. Looking Hermione up and down. Confusion and apprehension took over Hermione. "Yes, that's correct. And who are you?" Replies Hermione, taking on a biting tone. Annoyance and anger towards the woman. More laughter. Hermione narrows her eyes towards the woman, resisting the urge to swat her across the head. Looking back at Harry, sending a silent plea for the woman to go away. "Look, you're just wasting your time here. Harry's told me all about you," the voice of the woman sounds off. Hermione goes instantly rigid, the urge to bolt overriding her. "D-did he now? Well then, that's rather unfortunate." Hermione mutters, still looking at Harry – shame and emotional pain taking over. She can already feel the slight prickle of tears, hastily wiping them away, not giving them the justice of seeing her cry. Harry just raises on eyebrow at Hermione, no attempt to get involved between the two women. 'It's funny, I remember a time when Harry would stand up for anyone - especially me,' sensing defeat, Hermione gives Harry's form one lost look. 'Oh, didn't notice that…' looking at Harry's form. Hermione sucks in a breath, feeling her throat going dry. Harry's hair messier than what she used to remember, 'Probably fresh out of bed with this woman '. His toned tanned body, as Harry too, is more-or-less naked. Dressed only in a pair of Muggle shorts that hang low on his hips. The multiple scars, 'Don't remember him having that many', across the skin of his chest and stomach. Hermione's mind is in turmoil as she steps back from Harry's door. "Right… I'll just, go, then." She says, wrapping her coat tight around herself, in a sense of protection. "Ah-ah-ah." The unknown woman sings out, grasping Hermione's arm in a tight grip. Hermione is now uncomfortably face-to-face with this woman. "Let go-." She attempts to say. "Just so you know, I'm Lyra Black – the infamous woman from the letters. And yes, before you ask, I do know all about you and Harry, all the details. Nice to meet you by the way," Lyra finishes off her sentence, voice dripping in sarcasm as she loosens her grip. Hermione's mouth is open in shock, feeling like she'd been slapped – she staggers out of Lyra's grip, back hitting against the adjacent door. 'He told her?! Can't believe this. Oh Harry… ' A Sob escapes Hermione's mouth as she pushed herself off the wall, walking with fast steps down the hallway. Her steps echo loudly as they connect with the floor, reaching the stairs she takes one last look over her shoulder. Even though Hermione is standing some distance away from Harry and Lyra, she can still make out the smug smile on Lyra's lips, and the amused one on Harry's lips. She watches in pain as Lyra tugs Harry back into his room, delicate hands tugging the waist-line of Harry's shorts. The loud bang of Harry's door closing is enough for Hermione, quickly walking down the stairs – wiping the tears that are now flowing down her face. "I'm such an idiot…"