furniture, and the fact that a number of the Hogwarts elves had been seconded to the soiree to keep up with the festivities as they got more raucous, they failed to notice an extra elf popping in and out looking around the house. Had they bothered to look carefully, they would have noticed that the extra elf was wearing socks. Just before midnight which would signal the start of the New Year (and guaranteeing that the whole crowd would be assembled in the main ballroom for the champagne toasts), two brooms carrying four people (three larger and one smaller) were two and a half kilometers about the mansion. The brooms were of the highest quality, having been 'borrowed' from the Slytherin team locker. Between the two brooms was slung a large sack, which had been enchanted with the feather-light charm, as it would have been much too heavy otherwise. After his reconnaissance (having been a Malfoy elf, he could transit the wards which had not been reset by his former masters), Dobby pointed directions until they were directly over where a large snake was resting after consuming one of the involuntary 'guests'. At this point, Harry and Ron pointed their brooms straight down and went into a power dive, with Hermione screaming her head off. As they got up to full speed just before the threshold of the Manor's wards, Hermione cast the finite charm onto the bag, followed quickly by the fiendfyre curse. The sack burst into flame, and it was released where it continued accelerating downward now that its weight had be re-activated. The brooms veered sharply leaving the immediate vicinity to a safe distance, where the group stopped to watch. Within the Manor, Voldemort suddenly felt a sharp weakening of his power, just as the ton of flame crashed through the roof and ceiling directly on top of his snake. There was a sharp shriek as the horcrux in the snake was destroyed. The fiendfyre started the entire house on fire, and the party guests started to flee in panic, those who were not yet overcome with drink or sufficiently incapacitated to apparate effectively. Several limbs were left behind in the rush. The Dark Lord took a moment to think, and already the moment took too long. Obviously, one of his horcruxes had just been destroyed, and the sudden weakening indicated that the impossible had happened, and others had also been destroyed. He needed new ones immediately. Grabbing a crystal chalice, he turned to Bellatrix LeStrange, who as always had remained at his side. Drawing his wand, he cast the killing curse at her, and attempted to split his soul one more time. Unfortunately for the Dark Lord, he had not known two essential bits of magic: The victim of your murder had to be an innocent. Whatever else she was, Bellatrix could never have been accused of being innocent. There was a certain minimum amount of soul required for the horcrux, and Voldemort didn't have that much left. The soul fragment left the magical construct that was his body, and like some of the party guests, both the fragment and the body were consumed by the fiendfyre and burning thermite. Dobby had warned the Hogwarts elves to be ready to flee, and they had left with all the other elves who would come. There were no remains to be identified once the fire went out. Years later, when Harry Potter left this life for the great hereafter, the horcrux in his forehead left for what they jokingly called the Great Wherever. This remaining fragment of Tom Riddle's soul wandered across the earth's surface impotently finding that it was not capable of forming a ghost, and indeed was not even powerful enough to possess bacteria. After the requisite fifteen hundred year of inactivity, the goblins at Gringotts opened the Lestrange vaults, and removed the contents. The Goblin-made cup, that had belonged to Helga Hufflepuff, was melted down, releasing a black cloud with a scream which startled the goblin goldsmiths. Until the sun transitions into its red giant phase and incinerates the earth, the lone soul fragment will drift around the world, never able to settle anywhere. Tom Riddle had wished to immortality. Be careful what you wish for. Authors notes : I think that Voldemort would have created his 7 horcruxes as soon as he was able, not waiting until after Harry was born, and certainly not after his reincarnation. There is a possibility that he would try to create new ones once he realized that some had been destroyed, hence this story. As I see it, the horcruxes, in chronological order, would be: The diary, 1943 The Gaunt ring, 1943 summer after murdering his father and grandparents (this accounts for the Slytherin horcrux) The Slytherin Locket (as Slytherin prefect and then Head Boy, he would have early access to this) 1943-44? The Gryffindor gauntlet. As Head Boy, he would have access to some relics, but not the Gryffindor sword which was kept in the Headmasters office. I surmise he would have used something from Gryffindor, due to the mutual suspicion and hatred between the two houses (not so much the other houses, although I suspect contempt). 1944 to 45 The Ravenclaw diadem, the Hufflepuff cup (being relics of the other two founders). Same timeframe A ruby or diamond, which was imbedded in the snake Nagini. This also caused the snake to grow to a large size and survive for an extended time, well beyond the normal lifespan for a snake. This occurred after he left Hogwarts (post-1945) as snakes were not acceptable pets and he had started his rise. A precious stone would not corrode in the snake's body. If he was that obsessed with his own immortality, he would have created his seven as soon as he could. Harry's scar. In my opinion, the Power-he-knows-not' was having willing allies, not slaves. The last line of the story arrived by plot-bunny, and wouldn't leave me alone.