job. That sound good?" "You're not going to leave school?" Armando asked. "Not even to take care of the baby?" Minerva smiled, rising to signify that this conversation was over. "I'll manage, Headmaster. You'll see." The question was not of her managing. It was a question of him managing. He knew from personal experience that pregnant woman can be very emotional and knowing Minerva she would probably lean towards anger on the emotional scale and he had quite enough troubles without having the Hospital Wing full. "But, Miss McGonagall -" "She's right," said Albus, rising, his nose still clutched in his girlfriend's handkerchief and putting an arm around her shoulder. "I'm going to help." "The day I leave you alone with a baby you will know that Armageddon has come!" Minerva exclaimed. "Fair point," said Albus. "And Fawkes mightn't like someone else getting affection." "He already doesn't like me for that," said Minerva sourly. "He'll get over it," said Albus, giving her a quick squeeze around the shoulders. "Who or what is Fawkes?" Armando asked. Albus opened his mouth to answer but was abruptly cut off by Minerva. "His ... owl, Headmaster." Albus looked at Minerva for a second and then said, "Back to babysitting duties." Then, turning to the final person in the room: "Hooch, what about it?" Rolanda glared at him a moment before rising with a sigh and saying, "Fine! We'll help!" "We?" Armando asked. "We," said Rolanda, making a broad gesture that encompassed the whole room. "Me, Poppy, Pomona, Weasley, Lovegood, Augusta - Montigal not Malfoy - you know, the one with the horrible fashion sense, Black -" "Black?" Minerva spluttered, wondering if letting Cassiopeia Black near a young child was a good idea. "She doesn't even like me." "Oh, but you haven't seen her with her little cousins. So adorable." Albus fixed Rolanda with a stern stare. "Hooch, I thought we agreed that spying was bad." "But it's so fun!" complained Rolanda, bright yellow eyes twinkling mischievously. "Alright, you lot, off you go!" said Armando, waving them away. But all the way down the stairs he could hear them talking. "My parents are going to kill me." "Mine too." "Albus, in case you didn't notice, you're not having a baby. I am. You're not in trouble." "But I will be. My parents don't take any more kindly to children out of wedlock than yours." "Albus, you're not saying you're going to tell them!" "Why not? You're always saying that I need to take more responsibility for my actions." "Yes! And you've taken more than enough responsibility for one day!" "It's mine too, Min. You didn't make it all by yourself." "Fine, but don't blame me if both our mothers have fits. And my father is going to give you The Talk. " "Min, I know -" "Not that Talk you daft dumpling, the Don't Touch My Daughter On Pain Of Death Talk ." "He's a bit late for that." "Shut up, Ro, nobody loves you." "What do you think we should call it?" "How about Idiocy Accident McGonagall?" "Rolanda!" "What about if it's a girl? Ssh, Min, this is fun. Ow." "I was thinking of that for a girl's name, Dumbles." "It's worth considering. Could be for either gender. Though you'll have to change the last name to Dumbledore." "Why?" "That's usually what happens when people get married, Rolanda." "Oh, cool! Can I be the bridesmaid? No, no, you can let Pomona and Poppy squabble over that. I'm going to fly around the church doing an embarrassing commentary. Yes!" "You need to pick your friends more wisely, Min." "Tell me something I don't know, Albus." "You look terrible." "Apply water to the burned area." "Shut up, Ro! Thanks Albus, but I knew that." "Seriously, Min, what are we going to call it?" "I don't know, maybe we could name it after your mother ..." "No, Min. Promise me one thing, you are not naming it after my mother. Never." "Albus, let go of me. I like that arm. Fine, I'll promise. But we're not naming it after mine either." "Who's to say it'll be a girl?" "One gender at a time, Hooch." "Fine. How about Idiocy Ariana Accident Dumbledore. Has a ring to it, don't you think?" "I hope you never get to be a parent, Ro." "Me too, Min. Seems an awfully stressful experience by the looks of things." "Albus, why are you looking at me like that? What's funny?" "I've go the perfect name!" "Oh, help me." "Foolish Ariana Accident?" "Shut up, Ro. Go on, Albus." "Amortia Ariana Dumbledore." "Oh, like the love potion!" "Help me." "Wait, I'm not done. If it's a boy we can call him Fawkes." "No. No. You listen to me Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, you will never, never ever name any child of mine after a bird! " "He bursts into flame, Min!" "Yes, and he's a fire hazard to this school!" "After all the burns it's suffered since the moment you stepped inside the door Min, I don't think a phoenix would make much difference." No wonder the Astronomy Tower caught fire last month , Armando Dippet thought with a sigh. There's a bloody phoenix in the school. ... ... ... I need a drink. Yes, I know I probably messed around with a load of people's ages without realising it, mainly Rolanda and Dumbledore. But this was too funny for my mischievous brain to resist and the idea of Albus as a student could not be bypassed. I'm going to do one chapter for each other other Hogwarts Headmasters/mistresses from then to the present. Be prepared for much ridiculousness, messing around in time periods and probably more than a few made-up relationships. Next time, let's see how Albus handles it from the other side of the Headmaster's desk. Want to guess who the next unlucky people to be asked the question will be? By all means let me know what you think in a review!