silent for a moment while he considered her words. "Don't say that," he said and paused as a slightly more sober look passed over his features. "I'm sorry." Hermione couldn't help the surprised gasp that she let out at his words. "You're apologizing?" she asked, looking at him closely. "Are you sure you're alright Malfoy?" Draco smirked. "It might be because I'm seriously knackered at the moment, or maybe because I do have some good thing inside of me, but whatever the reason- yes, I'm apologizing. And I can't promise I'll even remember this in the mornin, but um, yeah." Hermione nodded slowly, almost in a haze. "Well, thank you," she said. They sat in silence for a while, passing the bottle back and forth between them. "You know what's also a stupid move on your part, Granger?" Draco asked her. She shook her head. "Having feelings for that idiotic redhead Weasley," he said bluntly. "Especially after what happened tonight." Her eyes widened. "How do you- what? Who told you I have feelings for Ron?" "Nobody had to tell me, Granger. It's so bloody obvious. Well- maybe not to other people. But I'm exceptionally observant," he said. "Ugh, I'm such an idiot. If someone like you can tell I like him- it makes me want to slap myself!" "Calm down and don't get your knickers in a twist. He doesn't deserve you anyway," he said nonchalantly, yawning as soon as he finished his sentence. "If anything you should be with Saint Potter. Just imagine, the Gryffindor Princess and the Boy-Who-Lived. Rita Skeeter would have a field day." He smiled, thinking of the headlines she would come up with. Hermione smiled too. "Don't make me laugh. 'The Golden Trio: Love Triangle' would probably be her favorite angle to milk. Oh gods, if she only knew what was happening now!" At this she actually did laugh. She couldn't imagine the papers if Rita Skeeter managed to somehow learn of who exactly Gryffindor's Golden Girl was having a civil conversation with. She stopped laughing and looked at Malfoy. The irony of the situation was not lost on him either. "Imagine what Ron would say," she breathed, the playfulness of the conversation vanishing. "Imagine what my father would say," he said with a bitter smile, looking down. He silently moved to grab the bottle and took a big gulp. Hermione frowned and accepted the bottle Malfoy held out to her. "Well fuck him. And fuck Ron too." The hint of hatred in his voice was hard to miss. Hermione took a sip from the bottle. "Malfoy," she said. "Why are you being nice to me? Why are talking like this to each other? Why are we drinking together?" She was having a very hard time filtering what she was saying. "Maybe I felt bad for you when I saw you crying. Maybe I wanted to vent and let go for once." He shrugged and turned to look at her, fixing her with a devilish stare. "Or maybe we're both just too drunk to care," he said, smirking and taking the bottle from her. As if to illustrate his point, he took another swig from the bottle. "We should do this more often," he said. "What? Get drunk and complain about our lives?" He snickered. "I never said anything about my life, Granger. We've been talking about your problems the entire time we've been here." A deep blush rose to her cheeks. He's right, she thought sullenly. She reached out for the bottle and as she wound her fingers around its neck, her hand brushed over Draco's. He let go of the bottle and she brought it to her lips, draining the rest of the liquid. She had started to feel very warm. "You're being awfully quiet, Granger." Her head was spinning. "I think, maybe, I'm really quite drunk," she slurred. As if in slow motion, Draco brought his hand up to her face and brushed her hair behind her ear. Hermione jumped back and looked at him as he quickly drew his hand away. He sighed. "I think, maybe, I am too." "Does it always feel like this?" she asked him. "Does what always feel like what?" "Does being drunk always feel hotandspinning." "Granger, that doesn't make sense." She stood unceremoniously and swayed. Draco stood up after her, also slightly unsteady. The forgotten bottle lay on the ground at their feet. "Dizzy," she said, placing a hand on Draco's arm. He looked at her small hand on his arm and then at her face. She had a pretty pink tint to her cheeks. "Come on Princess, let's get you back to your castle," he said, taking the hand that was on his arm and pulling her along. By the time they got to Gryffindor tower, it was probably somewhere around two in the morning, though the two had long since been coherent enough to remember the time. "Password?" "Granger, what's the password," he whispered, nudging her lightly. She was leaning on him and it took her a moment to realize he had asked her a question. "Hm? Oh, uh Erumpent," she said. The Fat Lady started scorning them for coming back to the common room so late and waking her up when she realized that the blond wizard in front of her was none other than Draco Malfoy, holding up Hermione Granger. Her mouth fell open, as did the door, and she shook her head. Hermione started to make her way through the open portrait hole before she turned her head towards Draco. "Goodnight and- uh, thanks," she said. "Goodnight Granger." As soon as Hermione laid in bed, after somehow managing to change into her pajamas, she passed out. A/N: Okay so I noticed the ending of the chapter was missing and had to go back to add it, but now it's all done and I hope it wasn't OOC or anything. Writing them both inebriated is actually a lot harder than it seems.