the concept of life and death in their hand and know many archaic and esoteric magic. Requirements: Strength: 170 or above Speed: 170 or above Vitality: 2500 or above Magic: 7500 or above Charisma: 75 or above 」 「 Lich 」 「 An undead. Often such a creature is the result of a transformation, as powerful magician or king/queen striving for eternal life uses spell or ritual to bind his/her intellect and soul to his/her soul jar and thereby achieve form of immortality. Lich is the master of resurrection and summoning of the death more than Necromancer. Requirements: Strength: 165 or above Speed: 165 or above Vitality: 2000 or above Magic: 5000 or above Charisma: 75 or above 」 「 Demon King/Queen 」 「 Transcend from mere mortal into realm of demon by offering one's mortality to the void. As Demon King/Queen, he/she can summon thousands of devil army and control the dark power everyone can only dream of. Requirements: Strength: 180 or above Speed: 180 or above Vitality: 1500 or above Magic: 7500 or above Charisma: 99 (MAX) 」 「 Dark Apostle 」 「 The Messenger of void and the envoy of chaos. They are creature above human's understanding that can be classified as the magic given shape with personality. They can create impossible phenomenon easily as breathing because they are magic-born and magic itself is they. Requirements: Strength: 185 or above Speed: 185 or above Vitality: 1250 or above Magic: 8500 or above Charisma: 99 (MAX) 」 Reading all character classes he can choose in the future, he had amazed expression on his face. It was simply unbelievable. As normal human without power, he'd imagined himself as character in story with power like no one has ever had. He couldn't help but wonder what path he should take. Unfortunately, the banging sound snapped him out of his reverie. He turned to what he thought as the door of the small cupboard. "Wake up, you ruddy, good-for-nothing lazy boy! You have to prepare the breakfast!" He heard male voice, and he bet it was Vernon Dursley. Narrowing his eyes, he dismissed the translucent screen and crept to the door. He opened the door and immediately closed his eyes because the bright light almost blinded his eyes. He crawled back inside the small cupboard and waited until his eyes could adapt to the light. When the light stopped stinging his eyes, he checked outside the cupboard and saw everything was blur. He frowned when he found out how bad his shortsighted was. He returned inside the small cupboard for last time to take Harry Potter's glasses. I'm now Harry Potter , he reminded himself of who he was now. As unbelievable as it was, his consciousness was controlling this body and he didn't know if the consciousness of Harry Potter was existing inside his head. "Boy! Hurry! Move your body and stop being lazy!" He heard the howl from Vernon Dursley — he was 100% sure of that — and crawled out of the small cupboard. He put on his glasses and saw two bars — one green and the other blue — in upper left corner across the digital clock in upper right corner of his vision. In the lower right corner, under the digital clock, he can see the radar-like Mini-Map. He saw grey dots not far from the triangle mark he believed to mark him. Now, let's begin the music , he sighed inwardly as he hurried stepping to the kitchen. 『 To be Continued 』 Main Character Status as of the end of this chapter: Name: Harry Potter (?) Age: 7 years, 7 months Job: the Gamer Class: Untrained-Wizard Health: 75/75 (Regen: 0.75/Min) Mana: 795/795 (Regen: 7.95/Min) Strength: 6.5 Speed: 9 Vitality: 7.5 Magic: 79.5 (62.5*+17) Charisma: 12 (5*+7) Luck: ? Money: £0.5 Skill Set: Gamer's Mind (Passive-type) — Mastery: MAX Allows you to think things calmly and logically even under pressure — a peaceful state of mind. Immunity to psychological status effects and possession. This skill also gives you Eidetic Memory. This skill will dull your emotions slightly as price. Gamer's Body (Passive-type) — Mastery: MAX Grants a body that allows you to live the real world like a game, numbs some pains from injury you sustained, and gives ability to regenerate missing body parts when your health fully regenerated. Multilingual (Passive-type) — Mastery: MAX Innate ability to speak and understand any languages, even though you have never learned it beforehand. Unfortunately, the effect doesn't bleed into your reading or writing skill. You need to learn how to write and read a language you don't know. Magic Control (Passive-type) — Mastery: 176/1000 With enough intent, focus and willpower you can control your magic to create miracle or unusual phenomenon. This skill is seven-tiered skill and it has higher version of it. After all, the truth of magic is mystery. Passive Effect: Magic stat +1 with each 10 accumulated Mastery points. Meditation (Active-type) — Mastery: 261/1000 To know and control oneself body and mind. Meditation has been used for centuries to center oneself and for relaxation, now you have started on the same path as though before you. Active Effect: Mana Regeneration x2 Housekeeping (Active-type) — Mastery: 736/1000 The management of duties and chores involved in the running of a household, such as cleaning, cooking, home maintenance, shopping, laundry and bill pay. You don't need a housekeeper as you're the one yourself. Passive Effect: Charisma stat +1 with each 100 accumulated Mastery points. Parseltongue (Special) — Mastery: MAX The language of serpents (as well as other magical serpent-based creatures, like the Runespoor and Basilisk) and those who can converse with them. Passive Effect: Power and potency of spell is multiplied by 2 if casted with Parseltongue Accidental Magic (Special) — Mastery: MAX As a magical child you are prone to using magic accidentally when feeling angry, scared, or confused, as a form of self-defence. You have no control over this magic. Cost: Varying Active Effect: Varying