relieved, and kept walking. Lately, he became nervous just walking at Hogwarts, but after having heard these dark words – no one else could hear – and discovered many petrified bodies, he didn't feel at ease. If he had stayed, it was only because he knew the Dursley would blame him for his untimely come back. Once in front of the Fat Lady's Painting, he hesitated a moment. He heard through the canvas the laughter of his fellow classmates, who would keep quiet once he entered, to better stare at him. Even the Fat Lady was looking at him curiously. "Harry, what are you doing?" called a sudden voice behind him, making him jump. "Neville!" he exclaimed, smiling. Neville was one of the rare students who didn't consider him as Slytherin's heir, and kept talking to him like before. "What are you doing here?" "I can ask you the same question." Happily replied his comrade while showing him a book about mandrakes. "I wanted to get information, so I asked Professor Sprout to give me book titles that could interest me." "It's good!" Harry got excited with a wide smile. He had understood for quite a bit of time that Herbology was the young Longbottom's favourite subject. "I went to see Professor Dumbledore." "Was it for the rumours... well... you-know-what?" his friend worried. "No, it was for..." His voice quietened while he searched for his words. He didn't really see himself telling anyone he wasn't really Harry Potter. Or even that Dumbledore – Albus Dumbledore! – was his grandfather. Fortunately, Neville understood he couldn't talk about it, and placed a hand on his shoulder. "You don't have to tell me. I'm glad it's not because of what the others say..." "Thanks Neville..." The Painting closed, leaving the Survivor alone in the corridor. He went to a window and observed the field. The lawn was covered by a layer of snow which reflected the moon's clarity. The lake, frozen for a week, was now a dark abyss which unconsciously gave chills to Harry. He quickly turned away from the window and entered the Common Room, which was empty in the holiday's eve, the students packing their luggage. The young Survivor stayed in front of the chimney until midnight, thinking about the future Dumbledore was offering him. Deep inside, he was in the same situation as a year and a half ago, when Hagrid revealed him the existence of the magical world. He didn't hesitate, mainly because his life couldn't be worse than with the Dursley. But today? Now that the entire school perceived him as a danger? And that Ron and Hermione didn't talk to him anymore? Didn't he want a new life, with, this time, a family that would love him? The fire in the chimney crackled in a sort of answer. He had to decide by himself, he thought in a sigh. However, he would have much preferred not having the choice, that Dumbledore told him he would live with him from there on, without any discussion. This would have been easier. But also very cowardly of him, he noted with a second sigh. Where had been the brave Gryffindor? He had only two alternatives: either he stayed Harry Potter, the orphan and saviour of the magical world, Parseltongue and presumed Slytherin's heir; or he became Dumbledore's grandson, discovered a family, and restarted a new life more normal, without any Colin Creevey to take a photo of you every time. It was obvious he would regret it his whole life if he declined Dumbledore's offer. Whereas if he accepted it... He would surely miss Ron and Hermione, but he had already lost friends because of Dudley. And it never was the end of the world. The Survivor's look brightened. He sat back up from his uncomfortable position – the carpet being soft up to an extent – and went to his bed. In the dormitory, Ron snored, while Dean and Seamus whispered. They stopped a moment, staring at their classmate who went to bed, and kept their quiet conversation. The Survivor sunk into his blanket, and looked for sleep, that he could unfortunately not reach. What Dumbledore had told him echoes within him for many hours, until he was too tired to think and he fell asleep. Author's note: Yes! Grindeldore! To be honest with you, I've never seen any where they have a child, so I'm rather proud of not taking the idea from someone else... for those who don't like Male Pregnancies, don't worry, there is only the suggestion with the Grindeldore, but otherwise it doesn't appear at all. In all, they were geniuses, but no one else can do the same... Second point, I've watched Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them – go watch it if you haven't already, which you should have – so I might get inspired from a character (no spoilers) for the rest. See you for new adventures! . Translator's note(s): F*ck*ng finally! OML I've spent ten hours translating only the prologue! I'm so tired right now. I hope you like the story so far (I personally love it!) there are about eighteen chapters already online, so if you want to have a go at reading the original French story, you know where to go! I personally know the writer and she gave me her consent for this translation. I usually write in French too, but I love this fanfic so much I wanted you to be able to enjoy it as well! So there you are! Just give me some time to translate the first chapter, which is obviously longer than this one... Whatsoever, if you could leave a nice review that would be great, I'll transmit it to the author, and she'll give an answer that I'll give you in the beginning of the next chapter. Anyways, I hope you enjoyed the prologue! See you later! By the way, can you tell this much English isn't my first language?