I bet Mum and Dad would be okay with it. It would be just like having another brother." Ginny wasn't so sure how she felt about Harry falling into the brother figure category. She wasn't about to dwell on that though. "Do you think we ought to contact Hermione?" she asked. "I reckon that Dumbledore isn't going to go notify her." "That's not a bad idea." Ron said. "I have her number for the Muggle tellyphone. We could sneak down to the village and call her." The twins rolled their eyes and George pointed out that they could just send an owl to Hermione. Ginny quickly pointed out that by the time the owl reached Hermione everything would have changed and if Dumbledore came back with bad news they wouldn't have the opportunity later on to notify her. The twins conceded this point and arrangements were made for Ron and Ginny to take a couple of brooms and fly down to the village pay phone. Ron and Ginny soon were able to sneak out of the house because their parents had retreated to the kitchen to use the fireplace to notify the other Order members. The twins had promised that they would keep their ears open for more news and cover for them if the Weasley parents came to check on their children. A few minutes later, Ron and Ginny were on their brooms and zooming toward the Muggle village of Ottery St. Catchpole. Ron seemed to be terribly excited at sneaking around at night and being in on the know, however illegitimately. There was excitement for Ginny too, but this seemed to be overwhelmed by the gravity of the situation. They made it to Ottery St. Catchpole in record time, primarily because they'd never been allowed to fly there on brooms before. They landed in a small alley and stashed the brooms where they would not be noticed. Upon exiting the alley into the main street of the village, they discovered that there were still some Muggles out and about. There seemed to be a good sized gathering near the pub where the red telephone booth was located. No one paid them any attention as they quickly walked to it and shut themselves in. Ron had some previous experience with the Muggle telephone and he soon managed to get some Muggle currency into it and began dialing Hermione's number. Two or three rings later Hermione picked it up and announced that they had reached the Granger residence. Ron was both startled and glad that Hermione had answered rather than her parents so late at night. "Hermione, it's Ron here. Something terrible has happened." "Ron? Is it Death Eaters? Has there been an attack? Are you all right?" "Yes, there's been an attack, we're all right though. They attacked a Muggle shopping place and Kingsley found the Dursleys, dead." Hermione's gasp was so loud that even Ginny could hear it. "What about Harry? Is he safe?" "They're trying to find out. Dumbledore is pretty worried." "I should think so!" "Look," Ron said, "we don't know that much about it, but we'll try to keep you updated. We've got to get back to the Burrow before Mum and Dad notice that we've left." "Okay then. I'll try to find out what I can from the Muggle news." "What about your parents?" Ron asked. "They're out." Hermione assured him. Ron and Hermione exchanged farewells on the phone and then he and Ginny were on their way to pick up their broomsticks. "I wish our parents went out more often." Ron muttered, envying Hermione's independence to some degree. "I'm sure Hermione wishes her parents stayed home more often." Ginny said as she rolled her eyes and remembered how much Harry seemed to envy their family when he came to visit. Sneaking back into the Burrow proved to be a chore for Ron and Ginny given the fact that Mrs. Weasley had taken to wandering aimlessly back and forth between the living room and the kitchen, presumably awaiting word from Professor Dumbledore. They eventually got back in and found the twins waiting for them in Ginny's room with their Extendable Ear. They had a little bit of news. "The folks from the Ministry called Dad into work." George announced. "They sounded pretty panicked about something." "I think it's a sign that Harry's missing." Fred said. "They didn't even call him in for the attack. Why would they call him in now?" Ginny tried to be hopeful. "Cleaning up after a Death Eater attack can take a lot of manpower." "Maybe," Ron said darkly. Nothing was said for several hours as the siblings kept vigil in Ginny's room, waiting for news to arrive at the Burrow of Harry's status. The twins sat thoughtfully next to the door, occasionally opening it a crack to check that no one but Mrs. Weasley was downstairs. Ron paced back and forth, the wait wearing on his patience. Ginny settled on her bed and stared at the ceiling. Sunrise arrived before news came from the Order. At that point, the siblings jointly agreed that there was no point in pretending that they were asleep any longer. They all headed downstairs and found Mrs. Weasley listlessly preparing to make breakfast. "You're all up early," she commented, trying to make her voice seem light but failing miserably. "No point in wasting daylight." Fred said cheerfully, faking a yawn. Mrs. Weasley's eyes narrowed in suspicion. "You already know what has happened, don't you?" The guilty expression found on the face of all four siblings was answer enough for her. Before she could comment, the flames in the fireplace turned green and Remus Lupin exited. He tiredly dusted the ashes off himself and then met the faces of the gathered members of the Weasley family who were looking at him hopefully with a forlorn expression. "Dumbledore and the Ministry found the shattered remnants of Harry's wand at the scene of the attack. He's gone."