more. I realize you are busy with classes and homework and friends and NEWTS," she smiled softly at that and continued, "but as I've mentioned before, a growing boy must eat. I was not exaggerating earlier when I said you looked thin." She pursed her lips as Harry's mouth formed a small 'o', startled at the words that had come out of the witch's mouth. He cleared his throat before speaking. "Of course Madam Pomfrey." He tilted his head in understanding. "I'll have to tell Hermione I can't study that much with her anymore. Guess Ron and I can pig out in the Great Hall more often now." He smiled at her, the lie slipping easily off his tongue. She scrutinized him for a moment longer before smiling in return and handing his wand back to him. "Good to hear. Right, run along now Mister Potter. Have a good night." "Goodnight Madam Pomfrey." Harry gave a small wave and clutched his wand to his chest as he quickly strode out of the infirmary, sighing in relief when he was out of sight. Now he had nothing to worry about except the pasta sitting heavily in his stomach. He walked hurriedly to Moaning Myrtle's bathroom, knowing that no other student, well, no other living student, would be in the lavatory. Feeling the all too familiar sensation of bile rising up his throat, he quickened his pace, barely making it to the first stall before vomiting inside the toilet. He vaguely heard the shrill giggles coming from above him, but paid it no mind as he raised two fingers and stroked the back of his throat, causing him to expel the rest of the contents of his stomach. He clutched the side of the toilet, eyes shut tight and watering slightly, as he repeated the motion. It was like second nature to him. He continued to stroke the back of his throat, ignoring the burning pain, and only stopped when he started to dry heave. Finally. It felt good to get the foreign substance out of his body. He was pure again. Unsteadily standing up, he made his way to one of the sinks and turned the tap on. Cupping his hands together, he caught the flowing water and raised it to his mouth, swishing the liquid around before spitting it out into the sink. He repeated the motion, but instead used the cool water to splash his face. He ran a shaky hand through his hair and looked at himself in the mirror. Harry frowned as he saw his own reflection. Had he always looked so sickly? Convinced that the mirror was playing tricks on him, he shut the tap off and adjusted his robes as he made his way to the door, stopping when he heard a small giggle from behind him. "Oh Harry?" He slowly turned around to come face to face with Moaning Myrtle and he widened his eyes, taking an uneasy step back. "Er, yes, Myrtle?" She peered at him from behind her glasses with a sinister smile on her face. "You look good." Harry, startled, blurted, "I do?" Myrtle grinned gleefully before floating right next to Harry. He tensed as he felt the cool air right beside his ear. "Oh, yes. You look like death." She let out a high pitched giggle and swiftly flew over a stall before diving into the toilet. Harry froze, perturbed by her words, before he shook his head and reached for the door handle again letting himself out of the lavatory. As he made his way to Gryffindor Tower, he smiled softly to himself, replaying Myrtles words over and over again in his head. You look good. You look like death. Stopping just outside of the Fat Lady, he let out an uneasy laugh and quickly pushed the thoughts to the back of his mind. "Fortuna Major." The portrait swung open and he walked into the common room, waving at Dean and Seamus who were in the middle of a very intense game of Wizard's chess. Dean looked up and nodded at him before turning back to the game, swearing as one of his pawns got shattered. Harry trudged his way up the stairs to the boys dormitory, happy to see it all to himself but also sad to see Ron's empty bed. He let out a small sigh. He was half expecting his red haired friend to be waiting for him, no doubt the news of his accident reaching every available ear at Hogwarts, but Ron was nowhere to be seen. Ron and Hermione had just recently gotten together and he imagined they were quite preoccupied with one another. Harry was happy for them, really he was, but he noticed that they were too caught up with each other to pay even the slightest bit of attention to him. It was all for the best really. Letting out another sigh, he rummaged through his drawers, finding an oversized sweater and long drawstring sweats. He quickly stripped to just his boxers, shivering slightly as the cool air hit his skin, and slipped the warm sweater over his head. He awkwardly jumped into his bottoms and pulled them up, pulling the strings on his pants as tight as they would go. Despite it being only the first week of November, the air both inside and outside the castle was unseasonably chilly. The slightly warmer, Autumn air was briskly turning colder as Winter approached. He honestly wouldn't have been that surprised if he were to look out the window and see snow. According to the others, Hogwarts felt perfectly toasty, but Harry was always unnaturally cold. Shuffling over to his bed, he drew the sheets back and crawled in, happy to get away from the chilly air. He set his glasses on his night table and closed the thick red curtains around his four poster bed. Warm and content, he drifted off to sleep, dreaming of blonde hair and a pure Harry.