everyone had drunk from the butterbeer jug except for Ron, because Hermione drank the last of it. What am I going to do now? If I tell them that I poured the obcessivus potion in the jug, they would all kill me! There would probably be enough time for them to take the antidote, but to brew enough for all of them, I would need ingredients, which I would have to ask Snape but he mustn't know that I made the potion, because if he did I would be expelled for sure... Harry was troubling himself while everyone else was chatting cheerfully around the table. Parvati brought the second jug placing it on the hard wooden table, and Harry was now even more worried, he had to stop Ron from drinking it at all costs. He thought of "accidently" breaking the jar, but Parvati filled up every single of their glasses which made it harder for Harry, he couldn't just break all the glasses by accident. While they all talked happily about future projects and dreams Harry figured that his time to drink the antidote was up and that now he couldn't do anything to stop the effect on him so he focused entirely on Ron, who was still in time to save. He also figured that the second jar which Parvati brought must've been filled with potion to become obsessed with Lavender, and he would like to also save his other friends so he tried to save Ron first. The cups were filled with beer, and the jug was empty and Harry had a great idea to stop Ron from drinking it, he proposed a toast, and they all raised their glasses wishing for prosperity and for their dreams to come true. When Ron was about to wrap his lips around his glass to take a sip of the beer, when he was really about to drink it, Harry fell, knocking him on the floor, and the cup flew through the air and broke as it landed on the floor, neither Ron nor Harry got hurt, but Harry got what he wanted. "Hey Ron, you didn't get to drink, here you can drink this one!" Lavender said offering her glass to Ron. "No thanks, it's probably warm already. I want a fresh one!" Ron shouted, asking the waitress to give him some more. Nothing ended like neither of them had planned, the happy expression on Harry's face was transformed into a fear expression, and Lavender's turned into an angry expression. After one more hour the bar closed and they all parted ways, Ron went on a date with Hermione, Cho continued hanging around with Luna, and Harry and Lavender were the only ones that returned to the castle. It was getting dark and the stars were shining above them. On their way back neither of them spoke a word. "So…do you have any plans for tonight?" Lavender asked Harry, the effects of his obcessivus potion were kicking in. "No. Do you want to hang out with me? Have some ... fun?" He started to feel aroused just by the sight of her, the potion which was originally meant for Ron, was slowly taking over his mind and hormones. "Yeah, sure!" Lavender answered excitedly and grabbed his arm. "Great! C'mon then, I want to show you something!" Harry said, leading Lavender to the room of requirements where he thought of the word lust and entered the door that emerged from the wall. Holding Lavender's hand, Harry quickly dragged her over to the king-sized bed, they stumbled in the nicely decorated bedroom and without asking for permission or even hesitating Lavender kissed Harry hard on the lips, and waited for his reaction. I guess the potion is really powerful!, Harry thought while he kissed Lavender back, after their lips met a few times, their mouths opened slightly allowing their tongues to play with each other. They kissed passionately, loosing track of time and reality, at that moment nothing else mattered, they belonged to each other. Lavender shamelessly shoved her tongue into his mouth and twirled it around until he found his tongue and played with it. It was the first time someone kissed him like that. It was incredible. There was something animalistic and primitive about her that he liked very much. "Wow, I never thought this would feel so good" Harry said, breaking the kiss and breathing heavily. "Neither did I. Now shut up and shove your tongue into my mouth!" Lavender grabbed his shirt and continued to french kiss Harry. They were both sinking into the kiss, and as their tongues duelled with each other, their hands moved all around each other's bodies, touching everywhere. After they made out for five minutes Harry asked Lavender if she wanted to have her feet worshipped to which she said yes. Harry took her boots and socks off to reveal Lavender's beautiful pedicured feet. Harry started by massaging them which helped Lavender relax, making her feel even more comfortable as Harry gently rubbed her feet pressing on every spot. "Hmm…this feels nice" Lavender moaned, while Harry kneaded her soft flesh. "Wait till I get them inside my mouth" Harry teased, finishing the massage and moving on to the kissing. He kissed Lavender's feet all over giving them the love they deserved. Harry started licking Lavender's feet, he licked them all over soaking them in saliva, then sucked on her toes causing Lavender to moan with pleasure. "Hmm…this is awesome, don't stop" Lavender moaned, while Harry licked between her toes. "Your feet taste good!" he replied, wrapping his lips around her toes and sucking on them. "What would you say if Luna, Cho, and Hermione joined us?" Harry asked casually after he was finished worshipping her feet. "I think it would be great!" Lavender replied and pulled Harry on top of her on the bed where they kissed passionately. They ended up having some intense and passionate sex before they finally fell asleep.