to serve the Great Harry Potter." "Alright, Dobby, how much do you want me to pay you to work for me? Would five galleons a week work or do you need more?" "No, no, no, Harry Potter. Dobby would rather be bonded with the Potter family than be free and get paid. It would make Dobby very happy." "But I thought you liked being free, Dobby?" "Dobby only likes being free from the Malfoys and only if Harry Potter does not need an elf. Dobby would not give up his freedom for anyone except Harry Potter. Dobby only wants to work for the Great Harry Potter." "I'm honored Dobby but you must tell me if you ever want to be paid. I don't mind paying you." Dobby nodded happily "So, how do we bond Dobby?" "Master Harry Potter only has to state that he wishes for Dobby to bond with the Potter family and Dobby will accept." I thought about it for a few seconds. "Okay, here goes. I, Harry James Potter, wish for you, Dobby, to bond with the Potter family and to keep our secrets as a Potter family elf, never to reveal our secrets to anyone else unless given permission by the head of the Potter family." "Dobby accepts this bond to the Potter family and promises to serve the Potters to the best of his ability and always keep Potter family secrets." A bright golden light enveloped both Harry and Dobby as the bond took hold. "Congratulations Harry and Dobby. Your bonding was powerful. Never have I seen such a bright golden light in all my days of witnessing an elf bonding. It signifies how strong your bond will be. The two of you must think very highly of the other." Dobby just beamed at the high praise. "You might say that Kurlig. Is there anything else we need to discuss?" I asked. Kurlig reached into his desk, took out a house key and gave it to me. "This is a portkey to the house in Wales. It will take you to the edge of the property. Just tap it with your wand two times. Since you are a Potter, you will be allowed in through the wards. Once you get to the house place your hand on the doorknocker so it can recognize you as a Potter and it will let you in. After that you should be able to apparate straight into the house or have Dobby take you there." "Thanks. Can I get some galleons? I need to spend a good bit on clothes, food, possibly things for the house, etc. So, I will need a good bit. I will also need pounds for Muggle items." "Let's do this Harry. Here's a card that will work as a credit card in Muggle stores and inside the Alley, it will draw straight from your vault. How many galleons and pounds do you wish to withdraw?" "Well with the card I'll not need as much but let me go ahead and get a thousand of each. I'm sure Dobby will need some money for upkeep of the house and groceries, etc." "Very well. Don't forget your form for your relatives to sign." Kurlig picked up the form and handed it to me. "Follow me and I will take you back to the lobby where you can collect your galleons and pounds," he said as we took off walking. "Also, here is a report," he handed that to me as well, "that lists all your funds and assets of both vaults, including all the items in your Potter Family Vault. You may want to look that over when you get a chance. After your emancipation, monthly statements will be owled to you from then on." "Thank you. I will take a look at it. Can I just send Dobby back with the form once it's signed or do I need to come back for that?" "You will need to come back as we will need your signature before it takes effect. Once we prepare it, a copy will appear in the ministry where it will only take a few minutes to get the approval back. Then you will sign and it will be in effect immediately with copies going to all the right places. I will give you a pocket version that you can show to any auror that may stop you if you are seen using magic. Normally that doesn't happen though. They usually assume you're 17 when you're so close to that age already." I just nodded as we stopped at one of the teller desks in the lobby. Kurlig spoke in Gobbledegook to the teller who gave him a sack of galleons and an envelope containing the pounds. He then handed both to me. "Thanks Kurlig. I expect I'll be seeing you a little later with the form to file. We are going to go to the house first to have a look and then I'll have Dobby take me to my relatives to get my things and their signatures. Remember," I said looking at both Kurlig and Dobby, "no one is to know about all this, no matter who asks, and especially no one is to know where I am living. I do not want to have to fight Death Eaters there." "Not a problem Harry. I will look for your return." "Oh, Kurlig, does Gringotts offer a service for applying the Fidelius Charm? I just might need it on my new house to keep me hidden and I would be the secret keeper." "Yes, we do. You can tell me when you return if you need that service performed. We should be able to get someone out there by Monday." "Thanks again Kurlig. I really appreciate it." Dobby and I walked over closer to the exit before I had Dobby hang on to me while I activated the portkey to Wales. With a hook behind my navel, we disappeared from Gringotts.Harry