hurt really bad, and yet felt good too." Malfoy also frowned, worrying his lower lip between his teeth. "Did you black out?" A nod was his response, and the frown got deeper. "Anything else?" Harry was about to respond in the negative when he suddenly felt a curl of heat go through his stomach. He froze, hoping that it was just an aftershock type effect of what had happened earlier. It receded, and he was about to relax in relief when it came back, stronger. He gasped, and abruptly Malfoy's hand on his back felt like he was being touched by a pleasurable fire. It didn't hurt like the needle-like pain of the attack, but more like standing uncomfortably close to a roaring fire. "Heat," he whispered, raising his eyes to Malfoy's. "You already said that, Potter," Malfoy replied as he stared off into space, concentrating on whatever he was thinking. Harry shook his head, but the other boy was still looking away from him. More heat coursed through his body and he grabbed the front of Malfoy's pristine white shirt with his hand. "Heat," he repeated. Malfoy looked down at the hand clutching his clothes, and then up at Harry's face. He stared, apparently frozen. Harry abruptly moaned as the pleasant fire intensified, concentrating itself where Malfoy's hand had stilled on Harry's back. He arched his back and leaned into the touch. And suddenly the hand was gone. "Please," the word tore itself from Harry's mouth. The heat continued to build inside Harry, and again he felt his vision going black. Frantically, he skittered away from the still-frozen boy in front of him. "Leave," he croaked. He knew what was going to happen if Malfoy stayed, and while he could secretly admit that he dreamed almost nightly of taking of the other boy, this was not how it was supposed to happen in any of his fantasies. And even though Malfoy had admitted to being gay, he was positive that Malfoy would never choose to touch him with a ten foot pole. Well, sexually. Harry shut his eyes tightly and clasped his arms around his knees. The fire grew inside of him, and he felt a desperate urge to touch the other boy. He hoped Malfoy was leaving. Suddenly, there was a hand pressed gently to Harry's cheek and he gasped. His eyes shot up to stare into Malfoy's face, which was only inches away from his own. "I know which potion she used, Potter. I can't believe someone at Hogwarts used it because it's highly illegal and extremely dangerous. They also overdosed you, because you should've only had one attack. No, you won't die, but if you don't find release again, and I mean release inside someone, you'll go mad and no one can cure it." Fear shot through Harry, even as yet more heat burned through him. He didn't want to go mad! Why did someone do this to him? What had he ever done to deserve such a fate? He was just finally starting to live his life without all of the dangers that had plagued him the last seven years! He could've handled madness or death at the hands of Voldemort. Indeed, he had never expected to survive the war. But to fall during peace time? It was monstrously unfair and… Malfoy interrupted his inner monologue. "Potter! Look at me. I know you don't like me, Merlin, I know you don't, but I can help you if you let me. Don't think I'm being a hero because honestly, I've wanted this for years, but not like this, and don't think I ever wanted you like this…" Harry didn't let him finish, because he knew what the other boy was trying to say and even as he felt the heat starting to override his will completely, he felt a fierce pleasure at the knowledge that Malfoy actually wanted him. He pressed his lips to Malfoy's and the heat exploded. He groaned, straddling Malfoy's instantly pliant body. His hands tore at Malfoy's clothes, popping the buttons of the shirt. Hands not his own were pushing Harry's robe off his body, stealing down his body to caress his hips. He groaned again and pushed Malfoy's pants and boxers off. His eyes shut, he wrapped his hand around Malfoy's hardness, and it felt just like he'd dreamed it. The other boy gasped into his mouth and shuddered, and Harry wanted to shout out his exultation at causing that reaction. And then Harry felt his vision going black again, and this time he was begging for the blackness not to swallow him up. This time he wanted to know what was happening to his body, what his body was doing! But no, he fell deeper and deeper into oblivion until he was aware of nothing but the blackness. A/N: I haven't been able to write a fanfiction in going on five years now, so I'm a little worried about my first attempt since the writer's block attacked me. I was going to ease back into writing by continuing one of the several stories I know I need to finish, but this idea has me firmly in its grasp and I'm afraid it won't be letting me go anything soon. I have never attempted a story like this, so I hope it's enjoyable to read. I hate putting Harry through such an attack, but it's not pointless! I promise. Also, neither character will be truly OOC, but I wanted to find a way to see how their interactions can change with how the war ended. The second chapter, which I already have several vague ideas for, will show you more of Draco's changes. And yes, in the warnings, I did put that there will be preg, mpreg, HPDM, and HPGW. Don't worry. I am a diehard HPDM fan and that will NEVER change. Ginny is a bit of a villain (ok, maybe more than a bit) here, so please remember that!