asked of her peers and waited a moment, and soon the Great Hall was quiet. "As many of you saw, a few of my friends and I have moved to join the Slytherin table in light of house unity. To answer some questions, yes Draco Malfoy and I do not have the best history, but as I said it is HISTORY, the past. I cannot hold him accountable for the actions he preformed because his family was in harms way. I also cannot hold the other Slytherin students accountable for being forced into making the decisions and actions they did. I ask you each this question, what would you do faced with a decision to either conform to evil or let your parents be killed? Or your parents threaten to kill you because you are not doing what they wish?" she paused and waited for someone to say anything but when she didn't she continued on. "All the decisions we make from today on will determine if we are able to move past Voldemorts rule.." she saw people cringe and she sighed. "He is dead, but his message is still alive, his loyal followers, not the ones forced into the life, but his true loyal followers are still out there. Some are in Azkaban others are being hunted. But if we allow prejudice's to rule our life, then we will not ever get past it. Yes I am Muggle born, but I also helped defeat Voldemort, I was able to withstand being tortured by a pureblood maniac who thought she was perfect, and yet here I stand, a few scars, but I live. We lost many, on both sides, we lost family, friends, classmates, teachers, we lost so many that it doesn't matter what side you were on. If you are in these walls then we must put it all behind us. I have forgiven Draco, and Theodore and Blaise, as have my friends. I have put the past where it belongs and started new. I implore you all to do the same." She said and left to podium headed back to her seat only to get cheered by her friends first, then the entire Slytherin table, followed by the professors and the rest. "You didn't need to do that." Draco said clapping but a smirk was playing on his lips. She showed spunk, and he liked that. "They needed to hear it, and I meant every word. Our lives are different now." She spoke as she sat down. The clapping slowly stopped and soon the feast arrived. "Are you ladies alright being single?" Blaise asked, he was the outspoken bold one. So he literally had no filter and really didn't care. "I thought it was coming honestly." Hermione sighed. "Still hurts a bit, but when I think of it logically we would of never worked. Ronald and I were too different, we had an attraction, and yes I had a school girl crush on him since third year, but that was it. It never manifested, we tried, but it was still in a very awkward stage." She admitted as she played with the food on her plate. "He decided we would be better apart because he would be too busy and I would be away 'Continuing a worthless education that will get you nowhere, not with the life experience we have' he said." "Harry wasn't much better. He broke up with me, Again." Ginny said and took a drink of her pumpkin juice. "He has a habit of pushing people away, if I didn't know any better I would say he fancies my brother. Honestly I have no issue with it, you fancy who you fancy, but leading me on was a horrible thing to do." She said and looked at Neville who blushed. "Why are you so red Longbottom?" Blaise asked. "Oi leave the bloke alone," Theo said with a raised brow. "I propose we invite the Gryffindor's to a night in the snake pit… maybe we can loosen them up with some fire whiskey?" Draco offered. "Loosen us up?" Neville asked and Hermione even had a look of question on her face. "He means drink, and talk." Blaise said and laughed. "Though we wouldn't complain if there were other ways." Draco smacked Blaise up the back side of the head. "Oi, don't deny you have been wanting Granger here for years." "I am not denying or admitting anything, however we are eating dinner. After we can go back to the common room have some Fire Whiskey and enjoy an evening chatting with out new friends. " Draco stated trying to be proper about it. "We can do that." Seamus said and Dean agreed. "Yea, I would enjoy that." Ginny stated, Neville nodded sheepishly and that left Hermione. "Sure, it would be a nice change of scenery, I have wondered what the common room looked like since I was never able to see it second year." Hermione stated as she took a bite of her dinner. "Second year?" Theo asked. "I brewed a poly juice potion, Harry and Ron turned into Crabbe and Goyle, I was supposed to me Millicent but I ended up turning into her cat instead." She blushed at her mistake. "A second year, brewing Poly juice potion…." Draco was astonished and let his jaw go slack for a moment before composing himself. "Yes well we will find out more about you tonight then." "Maybe we can even get drunk enough to play naughty truth or dare?" Blaise teased and secretly hoped. "Don't get your hopes up Zabini." Ginny stated with a smirk as Blaise pouted at her. Hermione just shook her head and looked around as dinner was cleared and desert was served. A/N: New Dramione with some Blinny, and Neville/Theo, Sheamus/Dean. I I Know this has been done before, but my muse wanted it on paper and I wanted to share. Follw me on facebook! RotehexeWriter/ Upnext: Firewhiskey? Is that a good idea?