busy'. She sighed deeply and set her chin on her knees, losing herself in the wide expanse of the night sky, wishing upon every shooting star that once they were together again all of this would change. Ginny cradled the warm mug in her palms, relishing in the heat that scorched her skin. The bouncing tea bag sloshed water against the sides, and she blew on the tea and took a small sip. Things did get better once she graduated. She came home and the excitement of being together again overshadowed all else for awhile. The flutters in her stomach at seeing him walk into the Burrow kitchen for dinner came every single day. He would stay late into the evening and they would take walks all over the grounds surrounding the Burrow. These were her favourite memories of their time together. When Ron and Hermione announced they were moving in together a few weeks into the summer, Harry asked her to come live with him, and it was like a dream come true. The honeymoon phase didn't last long though, and the evenings that Harry made it home in time for dinner became sporadic at best. The shower turned off, and she stood to pour some tea for Harry. She heard the bathroom door open and the drawers of their dresser creak as Harry found some clothes. She waited for him to come to the kitchen, but he didn't. Grabbing both mugs of hot tea, she padded down the hallway to their bedroom. The door was open, and she could see Harry lying atop of the duvet in nothing but his boxers. He was asleep on his front, dripping hair covered his face. Ginny leaned into the door frame, letting the jamb support her limbs. The cold wood was soothing against her flushed skin as she worked hard to push away the demons calling out her name and crawling up her spine to lodge their rants inside her skull. The dark shadows scratched gouges into her soul, filling the empty crevices with hurt and pain that she couldn't turn against. She closed her eyes attempting to rid the thoughts, only to drown in them as images of painful memories washed over her. The pain was too much; her heart stopped beating, and her stomach turned to lead. The uncontrolled sob erupted from her, and she backed away from the door, slowly sliding down the wall to sit on the hard floor, the two cups of tea abandoned at her sides. " Harry, you can't go on this assignment. We had plans; it's my birthday!" Ginny yelled as tears streamed down her cheeks. " I'm sorry, Gin, really I am, but when your boss asks you to do something, you do it. You wouldn't understand." His words were like an ice bath to her heart, and she wiped away the tears furiously as she charged forward, finger poking him hard in the chest. "Listen here, Harry Potter! You don't get to do that to me. I do understand, and I have understood for years. You are not everyone's bloody hero. You can have a life too. I deserve to share that life with you." Harry had the grace to look guilty, and hung his head before looking up to meet her eyes. "I'm sorry, Gin. I've got to go. I'll make it up to you, I promise." Tears streaked down her face as she fought to gain control of her breathing. She rocked back and forth, staring through the open door in front of her at the man she loved. His foot twitched and she wondered if it was in response to her cries only feet away. When he didn't rise or make a sound, she knew in that moment, that all those promises were empty and broken. She had tried so hard and for so long to get to him; to help him and be there for him. It hadn't been enough, and when was it going to stop? It wasn't going to stop. Harry was never going to stop being the 'Chosen One'. It's all he knew, and she wasn't strong enough to show him differently. It was time, she was shoving away her pride; she was giving up. She needed to live her life too, and it wasn't going to be in regret while she waited for Harry to see her and let her in. She breathed in deeply through her nose and stood, not even noticing as she spilled her mug of now cold tea with her foot. She rummaged through their closet, throwing random clothes into a bag and summoning her toothbrush and hair brush. Her body was shaking, and her heart was racing. The streaks on her cheeks still damp only to have a new tear leak from the corner of her eye and drop to the floor. She approached Harry; he was sleeping soundly, but every minute or so his body would twitch, and his face would change and turn hardened. She brushed the wet hair from his forehead, noticing the beads of sweat already forming over his brow, and she leaned down to kiss him gently. "I'm sorry, Harry," she whispered as a new wave of tears splashed over the bed. Ginny stood there taking deep breaths, attempting to calm the flood of emotions coursing through her body. Harry still didn't wake, or he unconsciously chose not to, even as the uncontrollable shaking of her body reverberated against the mattress as her legs leaned against it. Finally, the sobs reigned in, she turned to leave. At the door she looked back over her shoulder, a single tear hanging onto her lashes. "Say something… Please, don't let me go," she whispered, knowing that he wouldn't wake. His eyes fluttered, and he rolled over onto his side, sighing, fast asleep. The lone tear ran down her cheek, and she turned from the room, making footprints of cold tea down the hallway as she left.