of them. There was no plausible reason for Scorpius Malfoy to care about what Albus said. The other boy's parents cherished him so much he probably got a hundred letters a day telling him how great he was. Scorpius wouldn't listen to one little comment Albus had spit out in a fit of anger. "You're just like Dad. Your tempers are awful. Don't you remember that one time James tried to play an innocent prank on you?" "Are you referring to the time he tried to poison my drink to see how long it would take Dad to notice?" Albus asked, rolling his eyes. Lily and James had thought that particular idea had been fantastic, but their parents and Albus himself hadn't agreed. "That's the best one, isn't it? Dad was so mad; he shouted for a half an hour after you stopped choking. Reminded me of that time the Hufflepuff boy said that thing to Rose…" Lily trailed off, smiling fondly at the memories and smiling at them all happily. "Good times, right? And to think it's all almost over. You two will be leaving Hogwarts after this year, and I'll be stuck with him," "As if I want to be stuck with you, Lils," Hugo muttered, smiling at his cousin. Just as Albus and Rose were close, Lily and Hugo were close as well. It had pleased everyone's parents, and sparked a lot of competition between the cousins. They always tried to best each other, but it was always in good spirits. "Think about how I feel," Albus said, smirking at Rose who was rolling her eyes. "Agreeing to live with this one after Hogwarts could possibly be the biggest mistake of my life," "You agreed before you saw the state of my bedroom. That's not my fault," Rose stated defensively. Albus had always preferred things to be in order, and he wholeheartedly agreed with the philosophy that everything had its place. Rose, on the other hand, lived in a world of chaos that Albus had never realized. They'd pledged to live together after Hogwarts when they were seven, and they'd never truly regretted that decision. The friendly conversation in their compartment continued for the few more hours they were stuck on the train. Albus had never really liked the train rides, because they took far too long in his opinion. He would much rather have his father apparate him to Hogsmeade, but that apparently wasn't an option. He liked the carriage rides though, and while he knew there were creatures pulling them Albus couldn't actually see them. He tried to smile at the creatures as he approached an empty carriage. Or at least it had seemed empty when he'd walked up to it. As Albus climbed on he was greeted with the sight of Scorpius Malfoy, laying across the bench so he wouldn't be seen from the ground.. As soon as Albus made a surprised noise, the other boy's eyes snapped open. "You-" "You've got to be kidding me," Scorpius muttered, standing and frowning. Albus' family poked their heads out from behind him, and Albus knew they all scowled instinctively. Albus knew he should scowl too, but he couldn't get the memory of Scorpius' fearful eyes out of his head. "Go on, Albus, climb up. It's the last carriage anyway. We might have to sit with him, but we don't have to talk to him," Lily reasoned, pushing Albus forward. "Right, yeah, come on then," Albus said, reaching down a hand to help Rose into the carriage. For a moment the five teenagers just stared at each other, but then Scorpius shook his head. "This is ridiculous," he muttered, quickly hopping off and turning to walk in the direction of the school. "Malfoy what are you doing?" Albus called impulsively, frowning at the other boy. "Get back on, this is the last one-" "I'd rather walk than spend the ride with you lot," he said, shoving his hands into the pockets of his trousers and continuing forward. "Malfoy-" "Potter I suggest you sit down and return to your family before they get frustrated with you," "But you were here first; we should walk, not you," Albus offered, prepared to face his family's irritation. Scorpius had just looked so sad, and Albus felt like it was his fault. "Don't be stupid. There are more of you. Just sit down, shut up, and leave me alone!" Before Albus could respond, the carriage started rolling and soon they'd passed the pale blond boy. "What were you thinking, Albus? Don't try to lure him back! If he's showing a moment of good character, you just go with it!" Rose said, rolling her eyes. "But he'll be late-" "Who cares? Arabella Zabini will save him some food. It's not the first time he's been late to a meal and it surely won't be the last," Lily said, shrugging. "Spend a lot of time watching him, do you Lily?" Hugo asked, smirking. "Oh shut up," Lily said, shoving Hugo's shoulder as the boy laughed. "Don't you all remember? Last year Arabella Zabini came around demanding to know if anyone had seen him? She seemed awful worried, and when he showed up halfway through dinner she was furious," "You remember the oddest of things," Rose commented, looking at Lily with confusion. "I remember things about handsome boys," she shrugged. Albus, Rose, and Hugo all made disgusted faces, and Albus made a noise that sounded like he'd been wounded. "What? You can't deny that he's handsome, any of you. Come on, Albus, you spent that entire exchange staring at him! And Rose, you've told me before that-" "Okay!" Rose said loudly, her face and ears quickly turning red. "Okay, that's enough. Can we talk about something else, please?" There was a moment of hesitation before Hugo and Lily started laughing at the mortification on Rose's face. Soon enough Albus and Rose were joining them, all forgetting about the pale boy walking all alone behind them.