deciding. "My name is Bloodbringer. I am the Potter account keeper. I have many questions for you Mr. Potter. You will undergo the inheritance test?" Seeing Harry nod he continued. "Fine. Let us do this. Gringott's was never comfortable changing the rules and had been told to change them for one family anyways. Since you are demanding this it removes all responsibility from us." The goblin pressed a hidden rune on his desk. When the door opened a moment later he issued some quick commands. "The Wizengamot used or rather misused several clauses in treaties to order to prevent your assuming your place as Potter of Potters." Once again Harry started to growl. It was a low thing not really a growl but not a word either. She quickly covered his hand with hers and kissed him only to be replaced a moment later by Luna. "I could get used to that." "And you will if you keep yourself under control." Hermione couldn't help herself. It was built into her to begin to train him the way she thought he should be. The younger goblin returned with the necessary equipment. Ceremonial knife in hand, Harry cut his finger and let the blood drop onto the parchment below. In front of their eyes, the blood pooled and formed into letters and then words. "It is as you say. Welcome Lord Potter. Do you wish to don your rings?" "This is another crucial point," Luna interjected. "This is your decision. If you take up your head of house ring Dumbledore and the rest of the Wizengamot will know almost immediately. But your rings offer you and us protections. If you choose not to then we can remain hidden for a time." "That is really not a decision Luna. You already said Dumbledore knows Harry and I are here. He will assume right away that Harry at least knows about the Head of house. However, to be honest, you could still remain hidden if Harry doesn't choose them now." "That is not really an issue." Luna disagreed certain other factors will come into play and interfere with my association with you. But it is your choice Harry." She didn't tell him and almost hid it in her voice that him not choosing in most timelines resulted in her early demise. But she was already in love with these 2 it wasn't her decision. "Luna, a decision that is not a decision is still a decision. I am not a seer, and I know so little about all of this lordship stuff but I do know it affords people protections. Is that correct?" He asked the goblin. "It does my Lord." He liked these kids. He was not overly fond of humans but the Potters tended to be exceptions to most humans. He actually liked James and Lilly. The boy did remind him of James. "I will take up my ring then." The words were just out of his mouth when a box appeared on the desk. In the box was 2 rings one shone with the brightness of day, the other reflected the deepest of night. "Here is the Potter ring. If the ring accepts you, then you are Potter of Potter's." He watched as Harry nervously put the ring on the designated finger. The magic in the ring immediately resized itself and burst forth with a wave of acceptance that left everyone blinking. "You are powerful my lord. I haven't seen an acceptance that bright in many a year. Here is your other ring." Harry's hand stopped in mid-reach. "What other ring?" "You are the scion of the house Black. Your godfather named you so last week." "You saw Sirius?" "Not me personally. The house of Black is maintained by a different goblin. But the ring is yours. If you accept it." "In for a penny..." As he reached and donned the Black ring on the same finger. The two rings almost became one. Once the ceremony was completed, the goblin once again congratulated him. "Well met Harry Black-Potter you now have access to all of the Potter accounts." They were in the bank another 2 hours as Harry had to learn all about the Potter accounts. Hermione and Luna were instrumental in helping him with this. There was so much data that he would have floundered. He thought they were done when Luna brought him up short. "Harry, Hermione and I need protection. We need Lord Potter to do this." Bloodbringer was ahead of Harry and pushed some more runes on his desk. While she was speaking another box appeared. "These are your mates Lord Potter?" "Yes, they are. I didn't know it until this morning but they both are." "This is the protection the lady refers to. These are the betrothal rings. Donning them and accepting the magic inherent in them will make them protectorees of the house Potter and house Black." Luna led the way. "Both of you grab the black ring and place it on my finger." While they did so she intoned, "While I wear this ring I will consider no other than you two." Once again a flash and the magic accepted her vow. "Hermione your turn." Once again they grabbed the ring. Hermione was happy to speak the words. She had never felt so alive and so right. Harry, you are already wearing the rings. So while we grab your hand you say the words about considering no other." He did so and the magic once again accepted his vow. "Are we married then?" He was alright with it if they were. "No silly we are too young for that we are betrothed to each other and no one has the right to interfere with house Potter or House Black business. It gives us those protections that Bloodbringer hinted we needed. By the way, Harry I need some money. I don't have enough to get home." Bloodbringer laughed, "yes females are the same all over."