in Romania how?" He shrugged. "It wasn't going to be a permanent thing at first, not really. I wanted to do some research on healing properties of this plant, leopard's bane, which is different from wolf's bane, mind you, and there really isn't any in Britain, so I just applied for some positions as a healer abroad and ended up in Romania. I found I liked it, so I stayed." "Huh. I never thought about moving away from England." "There's a whole world out there. I think sometimes people don't realize that, especially people who just graduated from Hogwarts. The other schools you know, like Durmstrang and Beauxbatons are more international so people don't just assume there's one country where everyone has to live. I always thought about talking to Dumbledore about that, but I never got the chance before, well, before…" "Before he died." "Yes, before he died. And before England went to war again." "Well who knows? Maybe I'll end up abroad somewhere doing Merlin knows what." "Do you have any idea of what you want to do?" She grimaced. "Not really. I thought about a lot of things, including Quidditch, but nothing really stuck with me. It didn't help that I spent a good chunk of my seventh year in the hospital. I had different priorities then." Sean chewed his food thoughtfully, looking somewhere over her right shoulder. She waited for him to respond, but he didn't. "Don't suppose you have any job openings where you work?" she asked sarcastically. "Well, you're not a trained, but there are different paths to becoming a healer, especially once you get out of England where there's really only the St. Mungo's program. I have colleagues who've taken on apprentices in special circumstances. How were your grades?" She gaped at him. "You're not serious." "Why not? If your grades are what they need to be, then I would see no reason why you couldn't apply for a spot." "My grades are…sufficient for healing, I'm pretty sure." "You have your N.E. ?" "Seven of them. Core classes plus Care of Magical Creatures and Arithmancy." He smiled at her. "Well there you go." She fiddled with her remaining food. The idea was ludicrous. She was talking with Oliver Wood's brother, a man she'd never met before an hour ago because Oliver had been attacked and somehow she was the one sitting by Oliver's bedside even though they had barely spoken over the past year, and his brother was effectively offering her a job as a healer trainee in Romania, a job she had never considered in a country she'd never visited before. And all of this less than two months removed from the Battle of Hogwarts where she and everyone else had lost so many friends. "I'd have to think on it," she finally said. "Of course. I don't even know if we have a slot available, and I've already arranged to take the next few weeks off work so I can spend time with my family. If we have a spot, and if you want to take it, I would make sure you went back with me so I could orient you properly, show you around the place, maybe even use you as my own apprentice." "You do realize you're being incredibly generous to a girl you've known for less than an hour, who explicitly told you she didn't even know what she wanted to do." Sean swallowed the last bite of his food and sipped from his glass of water. "I know that I'm offering a potential trainee spot—which is no guarantee of you passing any exams—to a girl who spent the past two days looking after my brother when I couldn't. We may not have agreed on much, but Oliver always spoke highly of you as a person, and you've done nothing so far to make me doubt his words." She blushed slightly. "You're not what I expected from Oliver's brother." "Yet here I am," he said magnanimously. "Speaking of which, I'd like to get back to Mungo's, meet up with my parents and talk to some of the Healers there." She hurriedly chewed on her last chunk of noodles. "I'll head over with you." "No, you won't." She glared at him. "Of course I will. Don't be ridiculous." Sean motioned for the check. "It's not ridiculous to send someone home who spent the night sleeping in one of those hospital chairs. You need to shower and sleep and talk to your friends. Tomorrow you can come in again if you want to." She thought momentarily about fighting his words, but in truth the prospect of her own bed (well, the guest bed at Angelina and Alicia's flat) enticed her. She could already feel the warmth it would offer the soft caress of an actual pillow and mattress as opposed to the hard wooden chair she'd slept in the previous night. She sighed. "Fine. I'll be back tomorrow for sure, though." The waiter brought over the check, and Sean carefully counted out the change from his wallet. After he finished, he led her outside of the restaurant and into a back alley a block away, one he assured her he'd used for apparition frequently in the past. Before she disapparated, she looked him squarely in the eye. "Thank you for dinner." He quirked an eyebrow. "Thank you for letting me make you take care of yourself." She shook her head, grinning slightly. "I'll see you tomorrow." The last thing she saw before she disapparated was Sean's calm expression cracking slightly as he watched her go. She realize then how much effort he must have expended keeping her calm, suppressing his own anxiety. Too late to say anything. When she appeared abruptly with a sharp crack in front of the door to Alicia's and Angelina's flat, she heard the sounds of a heated argument from inside. She recognized Angelina's voice instantly, and then she heard George. So much for her sleep.