Weasley began to walk and Nadia swiftly followed. The alley was quiet and deserted like the Leaky Cauldron and Nadia couldn't help but think again where everyone was. Then right on que, as if Mrs Weasley was reading her thoughts, she answered Nadia's question, "Diagon Alley is empty because every witch and wizard are currently at the qudditch world cup. Here we are Ollivander's wand shop." Nadia wondered what Molly meant by Qudditch, however she didn't ponder for too long because the shop that herself and Molly had just stepped into shocked Nadia to the bone. Rows and Rows, of shelves were stacked high to the ceiling with things Nadia could only assume were wands. Suddenly the sound of shuffling footsteps and a rumble of grunts broke the eerie silence of the wand shop, then a man stepped out from behind one of the wand shelves and stopped before Nadia and Molly at the wooden desk in front of them. The man in front of Nadia was old and had a series of wrinkles covering his face to emphasise that, his hair was a bone white and was frayed and his clothes looked beaten and tattered. This man before her, Nadia supposed was Mr Ollivander. "Hello Mr Ollivander, this here is Nadia, she starts at Hogwarts tomorrow and is looking for a wand." The old man glanced at Nadia for a few minutes before he smiled, nodded his hand and disappeared behind the shelves. A few anxious moments later Mr Ollivander reappeared and presented Nadia with a very pretty wand. The wand was a light brown with vine carvings with roses running along it, the wand felt surprisingly light and strangely felt right. "This wand is very special, it is crafted from the wood of an elm tree and has a core of unicorn hair. This I find has chosen you." She looked at the wand again and realized that without a doubt this was the wand for her. "Can I have it Mr Ollivander?" She smiled excitingly up at the wand maker and he smiled gently back. "Of course you can my dear, this wand is yours." He gently took the wand back from Nadia and wrapped it up carefully in a simple blood red box and passed it back to Nadia. Mrs Weasley and Nadia gracefully said goodbye and left Mr Ollivander's wand shop. After a few more stops at different places Nadia, had got everything she needed, like robes, school boxes, a new broom named The Fire bolt and a shiny black cauldron. However, there was one thing missing, something Nadia was overjoyed to be getting, an Owl. Finally, Mrs Weasley and Nadia reached Eeylops owls Euphorium and entered. The cacophony of owl chirps and cats meowing echoed through Nadia's ears and she giggled to herself. They walked up to the counter to greet the owner. The owner was an old kind lady with a wrinkled face and twinkling eyes. Her hands were frail and her clothes were smeared with things Nadia didn't even want to think about. Nadia smiled warmly up and the old lady and said, "Hello miss, I'm here to purchase an owl." The old lady smiled back gracefully and nodded. She turned away to the back of the shop and came back with an owl. The owl was the most beautiful thing Nadia had ever seen. It was a charcoal black and had flecks of white dotted over its feathers like snow. Lastly, the owl's eyes were a piercing amber, and Nadia felt herself getting lost in them. "She's beautiful! Can I keep her?" Nadia asked excitedly. The old lady nodded her head gently, "Of course you can keep her, I know she was the one for you." Nadia placed 15 galleons into the old lady's hand and took her new black snowy owl. She placed her in the cage and locked it shut. "What would you like to call her my dear?" Mrs Weasley said kindly, Nadia thought for a moment before she replied. "I think I'm going to call her Athena." She glanced up at Mrs Weasley and the shopkeeper to find that they were both nodding in approval. "What a lovely name my dear, now we must get going it's getting rather late." They both said goodbye to the old lady and exited the shop, with Mrs Weasley arm linked through hers they made their descent down the alley back towards the Leaky cauldron. "Have you had a good day my dear?" Molly asked breaking the calm silence. "Yes I have, thank you ever so much for taking me, it was such great fun." Nadia smiled up at Mrs Weasley, however Molly's expression intrigued Nadia and she began to wonder why Molly was looking at her in such a peculiar way. Before she could ask why however Molly's face turned back into her normal warm expression. "My dear you really look like someone I used to know, but I just can't put my finger on it. Anyway your welcome, I've enjoyed today also. It's nice to get away from a house full of men!" Molly's words intrigued her and also made Nadia laugh. She began to ponder who Molly must have thought she looked like, however no answers seemed to a rise for her. Surely Mrs Weasley didn't know her parents, she would have told Nadia who they were by now surely? Although maybe professor Dumbledore forbade her to tell me because perhaps he wants me to found out on my own. This revelation seemed to anger her. How could she? She knew next to nothing about the magical world, she would never be able to find them, ever! "I bet your excited for you first day of Hogwarts Nadia, It's such a wonderful place. I'm sure you will love it." Molly's words made her cut away from all thoughts of her parents and instead made her think about Hogwarts. "Yes actually I am excited! Tomorrow can't come quick enough!"