Potter, all throughout our first four years. I'm pretty sure Snape deducted points from Gryffindor for Potter not attending his class even though he was never at the school in the first place." Dawlish chuckled. "Snape can be like that. So, here's the thing. Somewhere between her fourth year and her OWLS exam, Sally-Ann Perks disappears completely. It's like she slipped out of view from everyone's minds. Forgotten, and never mentioned again. We tried following up at Hogwarts but nobody seemed to know, not even her friends, and then her parents? They didn't even realise she was missing until we told them." "That must have been harsh," Finnegan said. "So, we're searching a cold case, several years old. This must be impossible to find, right? Even by wizarding standards. So, what's changed now? Why the sudden re-interest in the case?" "Because look at this," said Dawlish, handing Hermione a paper of The Guardian, a muggle newspaper. "I know the pictures don't move, but look. Take a real look." "Arsenal sign Frenchman Thierry Henry on a club record fee?" Finnegan said, raising his eyebrow. "What's that got to do with Perks?" "Oh, I'm always getting the muggle papers muddled up," Dawlish said. "That was the sports paper, look on the front. The headline isn't important, people like The Dursleys get murdered every other day in the papers. What is important is the picture. Look there. What do you see, in the background?" "Huh," said Finnegan, glancing at one particular girl, about Finnegan and Hermione's age, who was turning about in the photo to look at the camera. The girl herself had dyed blue hair, but was still otherwise looked the same age as Sally-Ann Perks would have done, with exactly the same facial features. "So, she's alive," Hermione said. "But isn't this the first time she's been spotted?" "Yes," said Dawlish. "I don't know what she's doing back here, but obviously, the press were running this article about something happening in Surrey, Little Whinging, some murders of their own being discovered, a relatively obscure muggle family, and, in the picture of the nearby street, crowded of course, Perks shows up, out of the blue." "That's interesting," said Hermione, noticing something. "Look at the photo. Everyone else is looking off to the left, not directly at the camera. They're all looking at the house, but Perks? She's looking directly at the Camera." "Good observation," said Dawlish. "I'm just spitballing ideas here, but why show up, why now, after all these years in hiding?" Hermione said. "All these years off the grid, you'd think she'd want to remain hidden. And she's done a pretty good job so far. But why throw it away in an instance? Surely, she knows there's going to be cameras there." "So what you're saying is she wants to be found," realised Finnegan. "It would appear so." "But why? Why now?" "And isn't that the question of the hour," said Dawlish. "It seems you two have a field trip. Go to Little Whinging. See what you can find out about her, ask around, is she local? Or just passing through. Don't let me down." TO BE CONTINUED… And we have our mystery. Don't worry, it won't be long until Harry shows up. This story is set in 1999 at the turn of the new millennium, but I'm going to take a liberty and say that some song titles in the chapters will come from after 1999 like with Solomon Burke's Fast Train, which is a nod to The Wire which proved to be a source of inspiration for this fic, along with other crime dramas like The Warriors, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Reservoir Dogs, The Departed and more. I'm not 100% sure how Ministry Election campaigns work in canon but I'm going to be using my own method for this and you'll start to see both sides of the Fudge and Bones campaigns over the course of the fic. I'm aware of the many interpretations of Daphne Greengrass and the fact that she speaks very few words in canon. I've decided to do something different with her character who isn't exactly a standard "Ice Queen with a heart of gold," and you'll get to see more of her going forward. My baseline for her character is kind of a combination of personalities of Starbuck from Battlestar Galactica and Detective Kima Greggs from The Wire. I like using side characters who don't have much page time in my fics and fleshing them out a bit more - like Fletcher in the last fic and Greengrass and Finnegan in this one, so you'll see more of the same going forward. But at the centre, this will be a story focused on Hermione with Harry paying a key role which I don't want to specify yet, but it shouldn't take much of a leap to work out where he will factor into things going forward, especially if you've been paying attention to my author's notes in the previous fic. And there will be no bashing in this one, as much as it seemed like the slight toward Arthur Weasley when Hermione met him earlier. Ron Weasley will play a part, but not a huge one. The end goal is 13 chapters, but that may not be possible depending on how long it goes on for. I know exactly how it's going to end already, and it's going to, like Have You Ever Seen the Rain ? serve as a standalone story with no sequels, at least for now. As usual from that fic where possible I'll be doing a fanfic/film recommendation for each chapter. Fanfic Recommendation of the Chapter: A fairly old one-shot fic As Long as You Know That, Potter, looking at Harry's first occlumency with Snape. Film Recommendation of the Chapter: A Fistful of Dollars. The start of one of the greatest trilogies ever, a badass Ennio Morricone soundtrack and Sergio Leone's excellent direction really elevates this film.