"I am happy to join for a round of whiskey but you look like you haven't slept in weeks… Theo what in bloody hell is this meeting about?" Draco asked taking his glass of fire whiskey from Zabini as he served everyone seeing as Theo was in no state and the Elves never served more than two fingers in a glass. Taking a deep breath Theo told them the entire story about what had been happening over the past three weeks. As he neared the end of the story, and told them exactly who his sister was a glass fell to the marbled floor and shattered, as the owner of the glass felt the world spin as they almost passed out. "You're telling me Granger… THE Hermione Granger, one third of the damn Golden Trio is your sister?" Draco said not caring that Pansy looked ill and had almost passed out from the information. "She is Hermione Nott, we changed her name officially last week, and after we go tell her friends tomorrow then we will be announcing it to the Prophet…" Theo explained sitting back in his chair downing his entire drink as if it was just a shot. "How? She is a mudblood, she cannot be your sister." Goyle spoke with his habitual confused look on his face. "One, if you ever call her a mudblood again I will hex your naughty bits to oblivion and you will never be able to enjoy a woman's body ever again. Two, she is my little sister given away, or more of less hidden from the magical world, in the muggle world. We all thought Hermione was muggle born. My parents rid my mind of any memories I may have had of her, since I wasn't even a year old when she was born. Now the reasons why are not all known, but I can tell you that I have the elves searching all our homes, everywhere they can for information as to why they gave her up." He said looking straight at Goyle and chuckled as the man turned red with embarrassment. "You realize she hates us… She will probably hex us all, not that we all don't deserve it, but you realize this right." Blaise said shaking his head taking in the information. "She might, but as long as none of you torture her now then she will get over it." Theo said as he turned feeling a presence behind him. All eyes turned to see Hermione standing there and she locked eyes with each of them slowly. Draco was the first to stand and walk over to her, and offered her his hand. Taking her hand gently between his, he bowed and kissed her knuckles. "I am sorry for everything. I know that my past cannot be erased but I hope from here on out we can move forward. I understand that there will most likely be a backlash over this, and I will happily join your brother in defending you, if you will allow it." He said and stood back up. Hermione was stunned for a moment, looking at her hand and then back to Draco, swallowing softly she nodded. "I am mature enough to forgive you for what you did. If I was in your shoes I would have done the same. You were raised one way, wrong as it may be, but you also did what you had to, to protect your family and I cannot fault you for that." She said shuffling her feet a bit before she looked at him again. "I can handle myself, but with the news of my real biological family, I am sure I will need help, especially since I fear Ronald may take it the worst." Hearing a snort she turned her attention to Blaise who was shaking his head. "He will most definitely take it the worst. He is thinking that you are his muggle born princess. Are you and the Weasel still dating?" Blaise inquired sipping on his fire whiskey. "We are, but I plan on breaking it off with him. I don't feel that the relationship is going anywhere, it feels awkward." Hermione said then blushed, realizing what she had just admitted. "I have no idea why I just told you lot that." "Because even though we did shite things growing up, we aren't your friends. You came here knowing the only faults we had were being on the wrong side of the war, and we were raised with blood prejudice, other than that, we don't turn on our own." Pansy said, finally speaking and looking directly at her. Hermione stood thinking of it, it was true honestly. They were purebloods, they were raised one way, but if you were of a pure blood family, well all except the Weasley's and the Longbottoms, then you were welcomed, and taken care of. The moment she became a Nott, no matter what their history, she was welcome in the Snake Den. Now the question was, would she still be welcome with all her friends. She looked at them and then to her brother, who stood, nodded and then wrapped his arms around her. The conversation carried on after that, with plans being made to meet up on the train in two days' time. A/N: SO I uploaded and it went weird! Anyway I think I fixed it. Now This story has been in my head for months. I will update when my Muse allows. I will be writing on Chapter 2 today! This is a Freewrite! So I have no idea where it will end. This is also a slow Burn Dramione! And I fell in love with a Balise x Ginny pairing as well so we will see that later on. [I am looking for a Beta as we speak, until then I did some simple Edits.] We have a Wonderful Beta [updated 4/26/17] Up next: The outcome of telling the Weasley's and the Hogwarts express!