Bells would listen to their son. "That's my boy," John wheezed, pinching his side, "Keep that up for the next eighteen years." "John, she's barely a few hours old," Grace half-heartedly admonished her husband when her laughter died down. When she was sure that she could put on a straight face, she turned her attention to Michael. "Let Marcus hold your sister, darling. You can hold her again after Daddy's taken a few pictures." Michael protested some more as Sally pried his sister from his arms, but neither parent paid him any heed. His mother had already a look of endearment of her face as their smallest neighbour took her daughter in his arms, nearly dying at the adorableness of the sight in front of her. And his father was too busy taking more photographs of the moment. As usual, Marcus ignored all the fuss around him; even his mother's soft warnings not to squeeze the baby as he had done with Bubby were lost on him. He had only had eyes for the wrinkled, squirmy thing in his arms. The first thing he noticed was how red and blotchy Baby Katie's face was. Also, she was dirty, with strange white goo stuck to her skin. He reckoned that was from being pooped out; that could get messy he knew all too well. Her eyes, he couldn't name the dark colour, were too big for her face, and she blinked far too slowly. Her thick, dark hair was stuck to her scalp in greasy looking strands. A small trace of hair branched out along her ears and onto her cheeks. With one finger, he stroked the downy hair covering the indentation on her head. Huh, she already had a hole in her head. Her lips were a pink colour, puckered and making suckling noises. Marcus pulled a face at hearing that; his Great-Aunt Beatrice did that too when she tried to kiss his cheeks whenever she came to visit. He quickly checked if Baby Katie had a prickly moustache as well, which she didn't. She didn't look anything like his sisters, he concluded. They might tease him a lot whenever they were home from school, but they were pretty to look at, at least. In fact, Baby Katie reminded him of the baby monkey he had seen at the zoo last summer. She even had the wide button nose like the monkey. "You have a beautiful daughter," Sally sincerely told the new parents. She was already thinking about creative ways to convince Will to go for another one again. Was there anything more precious in life than having a baby? But then, Marcus opened his mouth and she knew that her husband would never agree to a sixth child. "She's ugly," Marcus stated knowingly. His mum had always told him not to lie and she just told one. A big one. So, he took it upon himself to correct her like she always did when he fibbed. His mother gasped, Michael kicked him in the shins again, and Uncle John and Auntie Grace started laughing. However, the worst reaction he got was from the baby girl herself. With all the passing around, her already badly fastened nappy had come undone and went unnoticed under the layer of blankets. And just after Marcus had critiqued her appearance, Katie chose that exact moment to empty her bladder and bowels for the very first time in her life. Her little face twisted in utter exertion, reddening even more before she let it all go with a whimper of relief. It didn't take long for the warm wetness to soak through the blankets and reach Marcus' bare legs. At first, he didn't understand where the foul smell and warm stickiness on his legs came from. But when Baby Katie squirmed a bit and rubbed more into the cotton and wool enveloping her, he finally understood. His eyes grew large in horror before he let out a blood-curling scream. In his arms, little Katie joined his cries and proved that her lungs, just like her digestive system, were in perfect working order. It was that exact moment that John took his final picture of that morning. The photographs taken that day were a source of hilarity for both families for many months. At birthdays, family gatherings, and then again when the Flint sisters came home from Hogwarts, the photographs were passed around for laughs. Most of the time, those moments at the Flint home ended with a hysterically kicking and screaming Marcus. It had become his young life's mission to destroy the evidence of his embarrassment, but he never succeeded at it. Finding the photographs too precious, Sally had made sure to keep them far, far away from his reach. Eventually, the novelty wore off and the excitement settled down. There was a brief revival six months later at the farewell party held for the Bells when they moved to London to take care of Grace Bell's ailing muggle mother. But this time, Marcus didn't care as much as he had about the often talked about pictures. He was too busy gloating over the fact that that awful Michael Bell and his evil, smelly sister were leaving. If one had not known better, they would have thought that the little boy had orchestrated the whole move to rid himself of his neighbours. When the time came to wave the family goodbye on a warm May afternoon, two days before his fourth birthday, he had been the happiest boy alive. Even Baby Katie's enthusiastic slobbering all over his face in an attempt to kiss him goodbye and the subsequent spitting up on his shirt hadn't deterred him. Neither had Uncle John taking pictures of the moment, or Michael pinching him to get him to let go of his sister. No, none of those things had mattered because, after that day, life was about to become good again for little Marcus. TBC (please don't forget to review)