he just had his plants and that was it. He wasn't even going to apply for the job until his gran talked him into it. Of course, he wanted it, otherwise he wouldn't have come this far, but he never in a million years thought McGonagall would be here smiling at him, offering him the job of a lifetime. 'I don't know what to say Professor, I, thank you- ' 'Don't look so surprised Neville you were our strongest applicant. You practically had the job before you'd walked in today.' 'Really?' said Neville, slumping back into the comfy chair. 'Wow. I don't know what to say.' 'Well you don't need to say anything. You know term starts in a month, on the first of September as usual. You'll have to let us know if you'll be requiring a permanent room, so the house elves can make one up for you. Of course, you'll have to put in a shift every now and again over night on duty but we have plenty of guest accommodation for that. You'll be given full charge of the greenhouses of course, if you want to come and check on them or perhaps move things around before term starts, then you're more than welcome to. That's all I can think of off the top of my head; you'll be sent an owl with all the details, as well as a contract for you to sign. But unless you have any questions were done here.' Neville was still in slight shock, but he managed to stir himself enough to jump out of his chair and shake the good professor's hand and say 'thank you' another few times. As he turned to leave the office, he glanced back up at the portrait of Professor Dumbledore, who was smiling at him warmly. Neville smiled back again, and as he turned away he heard the portrait say in a very familiar voice that Neville hadn't heard for years; 'Congratulations Neville, your parents would be so proud.' Neville turned back to face the portrait, giving him a small nod as a lone tear escaped from his eyes. When he was alive, Dumbledore had always known about his parents, and it was heart-warming to know that even in portrait form he still thought of them. He left the office with one final goodbye to Professor McGonagall and started to walk back down the stair case that lead to the rest of Hogwarts, but he before he could he felt a sharp tap on his shoulder. He turned around to look at the familiar face of Professor Sprout. She looked exactly the same as she did when she was Neville's teacher; same floppy hat, same patchwork robes and same kind smile that lit up her face. 'Well done Neville my dear,' she said, taking his hand and shaking it it vigorously. 'I knew you had it in you I knew it. I'm so glad you're the one to be taking over from me. I couldn't think of a better replacement.' 'Thank you Professor, that really means a lot,' Neville replied. 'Nonsense my boy, nonsense. You are a fantastic herbologist; I've been hearing wonderful things about you, you've ran into a lot of my friends on your travels who've given you nothing but glowing recommendations.' 'Well I did try and learn as much as I could while I was away. I met some excellent herbologists, I'm very honoured to have been taught by them.' 'Excellent my boy. Well I'm afraid I must dash off and start packing my bags, but really Neville, I'm so proud of you. Feel free to send me an owl now and again, I'd love to hear how you're getting on. You'll have to stop for tea one day too. Cheerio!' And with that, Professor sprout turned on her heels and scurried away. Neville smiled at the retreating back of his favourite teacher, then turned himself and started walking the opposite direction, walking down the spiral staircase and through the familiar halls of Hogwarts, only getting lost a few times as he found the great doors to leave. Before he did so, he decided to peek through the grand door leading to the great hall. Neville hadn't been in there for years but it was exactly the same as it was when he was at school when he would be in there every day with his friends. He looked up at the high table at the very top of the hall, thinking he would be sat there in September, rather than the house tables he was so used to. Whilst the thought exited him, it also struck a little fear in his heart. He had a very long road ahead of him if he was going to become a good teacher, and looking at that table just made it even more apparent. He quickly left the great hall and walked out of the doors to the Hogwarts grounds, heading towards the grand gate that lead to the town of Hogsmede and the train station. He would have to be through those gates before he could apparate, thanks to Hogwarts protective charms, but Neville was very aware he was going to be late for lunch. He was meeting Harry Potter at The Leaky Cauldron, he was one of Neville's best friends at Hogwarts and on that he hadn't seen since he'd been on his travels. Neville was really looking forward to meeting him again for a catch up, but he didn't want the news of his new job to put a damper on his day; Neville knew he'd end up thinking about it over and over in his head, so he made a silent promise to himself to not bring it up until had had a chance to think about it further. He walked through the gates leaving the bounds of the protective charms, and with one last look up at the magnificent castle, he apparated, disappearing with a loud pop.