anything to do with this?" Odessa's head snapped up and she looked at Professor McGonagall in shock. "How...How do you know about that?" "Every professor knows," Professor McGonagall answered. "We needed to, in order to accurately care for you should anything happen during our class," "You mean in case I drop dead one of these days? Trust me, Professor, I would much rather do that in my own bed. If I feel like I'm going to die I'll have the courtesy not to do it in your class," "Miss Perkins, that's not what I meant," "Excuse my tone, Professor. But I would very much like to get back to my book," Professor McGonagall waved her hand to okay it, and Odessa went back to reading. She hated the fact that her professors knew what was happening to her, because that meant they would look at her differently. Other students began pouring into the classroom after ten more minutes. Odessa pushed her brown hair out of her eyes and forced herself to sit up straight in her chair. She was not going to look weak; she was going to be the best in the entire class and nothing could convince her otherwise. Of course the only thing they did that day was take notes over an upcoming lesson. Odessa eventually slumped back in her seat and begrudgingly took note like the rest of her classmates. She could hear the four Gryffindor boys laughing quietly at the pauses, which was irritating, but she was used to it enough by now that it didn't present a huge problem for her. The boys had been laughing through classes for years at that point, so of course there wouldn't be any difference now. As she got up to leave class, someone put their hand on her shoulder. "Perkins," Her skin went cold as Severus Snape said her name. "Get off me," she said quietly. " Now ," "I'm making progress with Lily," he said. "Oh, that's great. You left me alone to chase after her. Remind me why I care about your progress with her?" "You should be happy for me," he pouted. "Happy for you? Right, remind me to take the time to be happy for you. I have a million things to deal with, but let me be happy for the friend that abandoned me!" Odessa said, shoving his arm away from her. She didn't want to deal with Severus Snape, at least not now. Before he could respond, Odessa made sure to walk purposefully away from him. She went to Care of Magical Creatures then, which meant she would get to escape Severus Snape for a while longer. She missed him, of course, but there was no way she was going to be friends with him again. He was, in her humble opinion, a complete and total ass. When lunch came along she realized that she hadn't eaten breakfast, and went to the great hall in order to actually eat a meal. To her surprise, Theresa took a seat next to her and started to talk about her day. She'd had an amazing one, apparently, and that made Odessa smile. She was happy that Theresa was happy, and maybe even a bit jealous as well. She wished she could be happy as well, but she was making a things okay again, slowly. She was being nice to Theresa. That had to be a start. And that evening, at dinner, Odessa was shocked to find other people sitting down around her. One of the kinder girls in her year, Leila Brown, sat herself down on Odessa's left. "I heard you and Snape arguing as I left class this morning," Leila explained. Odessa just stared at her. The two girls had been friendly toward each other, but they weren't really friends. Leila was sweet and got along with the entire castle. She had friends everywhere and Odessa wasn't one of them. "I had a bit of a falling out with my best friend over the summer, too," "Oh, I'm...I'm sorry," Odessa said awkwardly, not quite sure what else she could say. "Don't worry about it. It was her fault, not mine. I suppose when you put guys over your friends, drifting tends to happen. Mary Nelson, well, she's quite in love with Evan Rosier. Anyway, I figure both of us are starting this year out alone. And seeing as we share a dormitory and quite a few classes, we should be around for each other. I've always liked you, Odessa. You were just...so caught up with your other friends that I didn't think it mattered if you had me or not," "My friend was always caught up with Lily Evans. I didn't see things the way you did; I thought...Merlin, I thought he at least valued me," Odessa admitted quietly. She hated doing it, but Leila Brown could get any secret out of you. She was just that kind. And she didn't use the secrets for anything bad; she just tried to help things get better or she kept them covered up. After dinner she returned to the hospital wing, but she was in better spirits than she had been before. Leila Brown wanted to make sure she wasn't alone, so Odessa wouldn't have to spend her last year on earth sulking and lonely. And Severus hadn't bothered to come up to her again, which was a relief. She didn't have the energy to argue with him again. They'd lived near each other and been friends for years, but if she was easy to drop then she would be sure he was too. When she fell asleep she didn't think about being sick. Instead, she drifted off with the content feeling that this year, things could actually be okay. She would get a good last year. She could die peacefully in her bed with a friend by her side, and maybe even Theresa too. Things would be okay. At least, that was her assumption.