Harry frowned. "But it's Malfoy…" "Harry," was all Snape replied. But Harry heard the plea in his voice and he lowered the wand. "Fine. But if he tries anything…" "Thank you." "I never thought you'd ever thank me for anything." Snape raised an imperious eyebrow and scoffed. "Don't get used to it, Potter, it won't happen again." Harry grinned. "So," Snape continued, "Where exactly did you leave Lupin?" Harry let out a gasp and skidded off down the corridor, leaving Snape and Lucius standing alone. Snape limped over to a large sized chunk of concrete and eased down onto it with a wince. Lucius followed and equally careful settled on another rock nearby. He wiped blood from his forehead and tried to dust off his filthy robes. "Narcissa is going to kill me," he muttered. "At least now she will have the option," Snape pointed out. Lucius looked over to his old friend. "What happens now, Severus?" Snape picked up a couple of stones from the floor and tossed one over to the blond man, then he pointed his wand at his own rock and said, " Portus ." The stone glowed blue and trembled for a moment and then fell still. "I don't know about you Lucius, but I'm going home." Hesitantly, Lucius lifted his own wand and repeated the same incantation. "Thank you," he said quietly. Snape gave no indication he had heard the words as he stood and headed towards Harry, waiting further down the corridor. "Good luck," he finally replied, but when he turned to Lucius, there was nothing but an empty rock. Harry remained silent as Snape limped towards him, placing his own hand and Lupin's onto the proffered rock. A stomach lurching tug and they port-keyed away, leaving nothing but broken bodies and a swirling cloud of dust. Dumbledore's tea cup clattered to the floor as the three men appeared in the middle of the small sitting room. Battered and bleeding, they were a stomach wrenching sight to behold, but Dumbledore was ecstatic. Even the unconscious Lupin didn't make his enthusiasm falter; if Lupin was too gravely injured, Snape would have taken him directly to St Mungo's. He stood, beaming. "Welcome home." On the cushion beside Dumbledore's now vacant chair, a white owl hooted in greeting, and Harry let Voldemort's wand drop from his fingers in his haste to reach his injured owl. "Hedwig-" he gasped, tears welling in his eyes. "I thought you were dead." A warm hand patted his shoulder gently and Dumbledore smiled down at him. "Severus found her Harry - it seems you have a lot to thank him for." "I think he's repaid any debts to me," Snape said as he picked up Voldemort's wand and tossed it to the white haired headmaster. Dumbledore caught the wand and stared at it in confusion. Comprehension dawned in his clear blue eyes and they flicked from Snape to Harry and back again, "You mean-?" Snape nodded. "He's dead." The old man staggered back to the armchair and lowered himself into it, staring down at the wand in stunned silence. Snape and Harry exchanged an amused look, and Harry turned back to pet Hedwig. Snape used his wand to lift Lupin and carry the unconscious werewolf out of the room towards one of the bedrooms Dumbledore had prepared for their arrival. Dumbledore turned the wand over in his hand and lifted his gaze to Harry. "Harry? Did you-" "Yes," Harry said abruptly. "Snape'll tell you about it. He was there." Seeing Dumbledore's small nod of acquiescence, he looked around the surprisingly cosy room they were in and changed the subject, "So, where are we exactly?" "My cottage," Snape answered as he appeared in the doorway. "Your cottage?" Harry said incredulously and heard Dumbledore chuckle. "What did you expect?" Snape sneered. "That I lived in the dungeons of Hogwarts all year round?" "Well, no…" Harry's words faltered as the colour drained from his face. "I think I'm going to-" Dumbledore was halfway out of his chair as the boy collapsed, but Snape was quicker. He lifted the small frame effortlessly in his arms and started back towards the door. "Maybe a call to Madam Pomfrey?" he said over his shoulder and Dumbledore immediately made for the fireplace. When Snape came back into the room, Dumbledore ushered him into a chair and pressed a brimming cup of tea into his hands. "Our patients?" "They are resting," Snape said. "I have given them both some rudimentary treatment which will suffice until Madam Pomfrey arrives. Their injuries, whilst significant, are not immediately life-threatening. I assumed you wanted them to be treated here." "Indeed. It is the last place anyone would expect young Harry to be. Even with Voldemort gone there will still be those who pose a threat." Snape automatically took a sip of the tea and grimaced. "I do not take sugar," he said, laying the cup down on a table that he was certain he did not own. Looking around, his dark eyes saw quite a few more additions had been added to his home: several over-stuffed armchairs, flowered cushions, a nauseatingly brightly coloured rug. He dreaded to think what else the headmaster had tinkered with. "You have certainly been busy," he said dryly. "Just preparing for your guests." Dumbledore smiled brightly. "Madam Pomfrey is gathering some supplies and I contacted Arthur who should also be arriving shortly once he relays our good news to his family." He ignored Snape's expression of irritation. "I felt Harry might benefit from a friendly face." "How thoughtful." "Sarcasm does not become you, Severus." Twinkling blue eyes watched him with barely concealed anticipation. "So, while we wait for them to arrive, I believe you have quite a tale to tell. And don't miss anything out," the headmaster added, leaning forwards in his chair. Snape picked up the tea cup and swallowed a sugary mouthful. He was going to need the fortification; this was going to take a while.