scenario kept replaying in her mind. She couldn't stop marvelling at how much Snape had changed. She scowled. She had to get over it. What was wrong with her!? Eventually Petunia grew bored and wandered out of her room. She definitely needed the fresh air. She strolled carelessly down the stairs and grabbed a piece of toast from the kitchen. Without really thinking, she opened the door and left the house. She walked down the street, nibbling on the toast and enjoying the fresh air. Soon, she started to see the Playground in the distance. She automatically walked over to it and opened the rusty gates. "I haven't been here in years…" She whispered to herself. A fresh wave of nostalgia hit her as she saw the overgrown grass, the rusted swings standing untouched, the weeds and daisies growing in random patches all over. She walked further and further inside. It was just as deserted as it used to be. She suddenly squinted. There, sitting under the tree, was somebody reading a book, looking very, very bad-tempered. Petunia went closer, curious. And then she stopped short. Her toast slipped from her limp fingers and fell to the ground. Snape. XXX Snape was dressed in a shabby coat and was scowling as he read his book. He did not notice her. Petunia struggled to find her voice. When she did, she cleared her throat nervously. This caused Snape's head to shoot up, and he blinked at her confusedly. Petunia's heart thudded in her chest. Why was she so nervous? "H-hey. I was wondering about what that drama was that happened with you and Lily a few days ago..." she mumbled. Severus didn't respond at first. He stared at her, evidently confused and rather startled. Then comprehension dawned on his features. "Oh," he said. "You're that Evans girl, aren't you? Lily's sister?" He blinked. "I haven't see you in a while." Petunia felt surprisingly hurt that he had forgotten her, even briefly. She scowled, some of her confidence back, and folded her arms across her chest. "Forgotten all about me, have you, Snape ?" Snape's eyes narrowed. "What do you want, Muggle?" "I thought I just asked you a question." Snape scowled at her. "Still as nosy as you used to be, aren't you? Mind your own business." Petunia bristled, "I have a right to know what happened! She's my sister, you know!" Severus snorted. "Thought you hated her," "Just answer my question!" Petunia was starting to feel humiliated and angry. Severus suddenly shot to his feet. Petunia backed away, surprised. "I came to try to talk to her but it didn't work out. Then I got into a fight with Potter, and left. That's all." He was jamming his book in his jacket pocket, making to leave. "Satisfied?" "Why's she mad at you?" Petunia couldn't help asking. Snape's jaw clenched. "Leave. Me. Alone." his voice was harsh and deadly. Taken aback, Petunia's only defense was to be spiteful. "Make me," her pale eyes-so different from Snape's dark ones-narrowed. Petunia suddenly realised that this wasn't a very good idea. Snape had left school and was allowed to do magic now, as Lily was. She didn't want to be turned into a teacup or something worse! But Snape only shot her a dirty look, turned on his heel, and stormed out of the playground. Petunia huffed and left too, extremely disappointed and bitter. XXX Petunia returned to the Playground the very next day. She had no clear reason why. Maybe she wanted to show Snape that she wasn't scared of him. She also wanted to see him again. Why she did, was a mystery, even to her. The first time she went, he was not there. The second time she went-without much hope-she saw him sitting on one of the swings, reading the same book. He had looked up, glared at her hatefully, then jumped off the swing and left. Offended, Petunia had left too. She was done with him, that was for sure! A few days later, she went again. Just to annoy him, of course. No other reason. She made a game out of it; whenever she went (which was often) the two of them would seek each other out, glare at each other, and then keep out of each other's way to the best of their abilities. Petunia always pretended she came to meet someone or pick flowers. She hoped she was convincing enough. She had no idea what she was doing, and she knew it was ridiculous, but Petunia couldn't deny the feeling of...of...what exactly? She didn't really like Snape, did she? It was all very strange but it was pastime, she supposed. However, she decided not to go today. Not that she could, anyway. Mum had asked her to help prepare Lily and Potter's special dinner and she had no way out. But why, besides the annoyance of having to cook for those two idiots, was she so disappointed? She definitely needed to sort out her thoughts. XXX Severus narrowed his eyes as he stared around the playground thrice, making sure that Evans was not there. When he was sure that she was nowhere to be seen, he rested his elbows against the rusty gates and wondered why she wasn't there. The girl came almost every single day. She didn't really seem to have any errands or any specific purpose. It was almost like she came to see...him. But why would she? Was she a spy sent by Potter or Lily? To see how the poor, grief-stricken Severus was coping? His face flushed in his anger and he straightened. Discomfited, he stared up at the darkening sky. There was a deep ache in his chest as he thought of Lily and he took a deep breath. He had nowhere to go, and no purpose to life as of yet. Lily was never going to be his and he didn't want anyone else. What was he going to do?