him. After the war, the new ministry had required that all aurors were to carry a specialty charmed badge and license that could be replicated, duplicated, forged or tampered with at all times to prove to others who they were. It had also been blood bonded to the person so no one couldn't just pick it up, use a polyjuice potion and pretend to be that auror. "I'm an auror for the ministry and this is my partner Draco Malfoy. Would it be alright if we asked you a few questions?" She saw Abbott flinch at Malfoys name, guess he wasn't a fan of the Malfoy family. He looked at him up and down trying to size him up. Hopefully his hesitance towards Malfoy wouldn't prevent them from getting information. After a moment Abbotts seemed to relax a little and looked back towards her. "Yes you may, but please make it quick, a customer might walk in." "Doubts on that happening." Malfoy mumbled under his breath, causing him to receive another jab in the ribs "Yesterday." She began, while taking out a magical infused quid and pad that began to record their conversation. "You had reported your employee Gwendolyn Hopkins missing correct?" The old man nodded shakily, "Yes." "How long has it been since you've actually seen her?" "Um, I don't quite remember…um could you give me a moment please?" "Of course." The elderly man sat down on a stack of books, hand clasped together he started to mutter to himself. From behind her she could feel Malfoys irritation grow. After a few moments Malfoy broke the silence. "Come on old man, we don't have all day!" He shouted. Abbott shouted right back, his frail voice barely reaching a high pitch, "I-I beg your pardon sir?" Hermione quickly jumped in hoping to stop the argument from escalating. Silently wishing Malfoy had had perception skills high enough to realize that he made the man on edge. "I apologize for my partner sir, he is just very impatient. Now when did you say she had gone missing?" She asked as delicately as she could. She would need to tread carefully. Obviously Abbot was weary of Malfoy, and with the tension that now formed in the room she could tell this conversation could tour sour at any moment. Abbott cleared his throat, "If I remember correctly a day before I reported her missing…" "And had she acted differently, any strange behavior? Had she been unusually quiet, or jumpy?" "Let me think…uh…" He trailed off, which caused Malfoy to groan. "Malfoy…." She hissed under her breath. It looked as if Malfoy was about to retort when Abbott spoke up, "Well she didn't say anything strange…though she seemed jumpy, she kept looking around she even dropped the books she was carrying, she was never that clumsy before." Most likely a stalker, or someone threatening her. Needed more info before she could come to a conclusion. "Did she say anything to you? Anything out of the ordinary that you noticed, maybe someone hanging around the shop, or waiting for her outside the store?" "Oh um, let me think…" Before she could even blink, Malfoy responded first, "Spit it out old man!" "Malfoy shut it…" She snapped. He glared down at her, "I will when, "He snapped his eyes over at the flustered elder, "he answers faster, we don't have all day." "Give him a moment to think it over!" "If we do that then we'll be stuck here till we reach his age!" "Malfoy that's enough!" "For all we know he could be the killer!" "Malfoy I said that's enough!" She had barely heard Abbott say, "I think it's time the two of you leave." Malfoy turned back towards her and crossed his arms, "Now look what you've done Granger." That was all she could take before her anger boiled over. She was frustrated and tired. All he could do was blame others and think of himself. He was a narcissistic prick who couldn't just keep his mouth shut. "What I did? You're the one that started being rude to him for no reason!" Now that their voice had lowered, she could clearly hear Abbott, "You two leave now or I am calling your higher ups!" Malfoy shouted back scarring Abbott, "Not until you answer our bloody questions!" Abbott glared right back at Malfoy, his face had turned a deep crimson and sweat began to collect on his caterpillar eyebrows. "What is this all about?" Before she could react and stop him, Malfoy blurted out the one think he should have held back, "Your employee, Miss Hopkins was found dead this morning in a trash pile!" Abbott had fallen back, crashing into the book case causing a few books to fall to the floor. His face had lost all color to the point where he looked as white as a ghost. "Dear Merlin…" He grasped and held a hand over his mouth then grasped his chest in pain. Dear God. Hermione thought as she rushed over to the elderly man. She caught him before his head had hit the floor. Malfoy immediately shut his mouth, and rushed over, "I think he's having a heart attack." Hermione said as her panic brown eyes meet his anxious ones. "Oh shite…" And that's the first chapter, I know it seems like a lot for the first one but I had to cover a lot before we move into the rest. And please be warned this is not only my first Harry Potter fanfiction this is also my first time writing a murder mystery story. I normally just deal with romance and drama but I wanted to try something new. Let me know if Draco seems a bit out of character, I'm trying to make him a prick but I don't want to make him too immature so let me know. And wow that's over 8000 words for just one chapter, I've never had that many for one chapter before.