"I see that it didn't take much for you to swoop in again and take Roman's precious Lee from her." he said looking at her. Celes gasped, he had stepped right on a nerve. She shook her head and glared at him. "I didn't take anyone from Roman." she growled. "Are you sure? Because my thinking is thats not how Roman would see it." the demon said. "What do you know? You haven't been apart of her for months. How would you know anything about her anymore?" Celes snarled. "Oh but I see her, I go to her in her dreams. Shes even seeked me out a few times." he whispered and Celes eyes widened in disbelief. "She would never." Celes said softly. "Wouldnt she though?" the demon asked and Celes sighed at him. "Get out!" she exclaimed at him using her enhanced wandless magic she pushed him out of the chair and sent him flying across the room. He laughed and stood brushing himself off. "Well that was Roman's magic that did that." he said and with a flick of his wrist Celes was being tossed across the kitchen and into the wall. She screamed in pain and grabbed her arm. "Im bored." he said and disappeared. Celes winced as she tried to get up. Her arm was broken. Harry came storming into the kitchen wand out and saw Celes and went to her. "What the hell happened?" he asked. "Ro's demon." Celes said as he lifted her she let out a hiss. "I broke my arm. Harry fix it. Don't tell Roman please. Okay just… dont say anything to her." she whispered urgently and they met Lee in the front hall and she groaned. "What happened?" he asked Harry. "She got a visit from our friendly neighborhood demon." Harry said taking her into the living room and setting her on the couch. "Just heal my arm. damn it, and don't say anything to Ro." she said gritting her teeth. Lee kneeled down next to her and Harry took her arm making her hiss in pain. He held his wand over her arm and she felt it healing. She broke into a sweat with the effort not the scream as her bones healed. When they were she summoned a sling and Lee helped her put it on. "Celes, do you need me to…" Lee started to ask. "I can walk damn it." she stood and softened. "I'm sorry… that little brat, I guess he doesn't kick me anymore." "What?" Harry asked and Celes looked at him as if seeing him for the first time. "Harry! Go back to Roman, stop fussing over me I'm fine. Get that cake Lee and I made and go back to her now." she said forcefully. Harry kissed her cheek and did as she said. Lee turned to her after he was gone. "What the hell happened?" he growled. "He just threw me across the room. I wanted him to leave so I pushed him with my magic and then he… did that. Said he was bored and left." Celes said softly. "I think he came to rub in our pain but I guess he didn't get time. Do you think I'm stealing you from Roman?" she asked suddenly. "Where did that come from I thought we worked through all those doubts." Lee said going over and gently taking her shoulders. "Something he said to me. Do you think she feels that way?" Celes asked. "No, I don't." Lee said looking down in her eyes. "Don't let him get to you." "I'll try." Celes said and looked at him. "Take me to bed Lee." "You must be tired." Lee said leading her to the stairs. "Okay." she said with a small smile. "No Celes." Lee said Celes nodded. "Okay, only when you're ready or need it." Celes said softly as he directed her to the hallway that led to their room. He sighed as they went up into the room. Celes waved her hand and all the candles lit. She started to struggle with her cloths but Lee stopped her and undressed her with ease then pulled his own clothes off. He replaced her sling and scooped her up and placed her in the bed. He crawled in next to her and pulled her close. "Good night." he whispered. "Yes, good night." Celes said distracted by what had just happened. "Hey, when someone says that, you're suppose to close your eyes and sleep." Lee said poking her nose. "I can't…" Celes sighed. "Are you in pain?" he asked. "No more than I have been in." Celes said and Lee kissed her. She felt the heat and fear in it. "He could have…" Lee said. "He wouldn't, Roman would never forgive him. He wants her, so he won't k...kill me." Celes said cupping his cheek with her good hand. "Little Minx." Lee sighed. "Stop being so strong, it's okay to be afraid." "I.. am but I'm not." Celes said and she snuggled into Lee's chest. "I won't let him hurt any of you again." Lee growled. "I'm fine, Lee don't go taking on something like that. Please." Celes said looking up at him. Lee sighed. "I can't make that promise, if he keeps coming at us I'll have to do something." Lee said. "Just leave it for now Lee, let's figure out what's going on with Roman okay?" she asked. Lee's eyes filled with tears again. "I…" "You didn't forget, Lee. You were distracted. It's okay." Celes soothed and kissed his cheeks, forehead and lips. She sank down and curled into his chest and gave a yawn. "Now you're tired?" Lee asked voice misty. "Yes, and you should try to sleep as well… If i could I'd help with that but I don't have that ability I'm sorry." she felt tears fall out of her eyes. "It's okay, Cel." Lee said and hugged her a little tighter and she fell asleep a few minutes later.