worth of allowance. Do you remember that summer before my third year when Mum grounded me? You know, because iyou/i broke her favourite vase and blamed it on me?" "You petty little shit. That was thirty years ago." "Yeah, thirty whole years to nurture that pettiness." Roger's grin widened. "I'll take it with interest, thank you very much. The kids' school supplies have cost me an arm and a leg; this should ease the pain a little. If you don't pay up, I might have to cry in my mummy's lap and accidently spill your secret while I'm at it. With me being so emotional and all." The other men burst out into laughter, clapping his back and praising his blackmailing skills. But most of all, they were praising themselves for having taught him well and wishing that their own brood would hopefully reach Roger's level one day. Terence, in the meanwhile, didn't share that sentiment. He pulled out a small pouch from his pocket and dumped its contents on the table without paying any heed to how much there was. Always the gentleman, he made sure the children running around the pub couldn't hear the profanities he muttered under his breath, but the occasional 'tosser' and 'wank stain' were clearly audible. "You're keeping mum about it then?" Roger rolled his eyes as he hastily stuffed the golden coins into his pockets. "Honestly, Father, when was the last time you managed to fool Mum? She's peeing herself laughing at you behind your back." "She does that too?" Marcus asked hopefully. But since neither Higgs paid him any heed, he turned his attention to his goblet again. "Excuse me for asking a question, sodding pricks." "Why did I just pay you for- Oh, fuck no, she knows?" Terence swallowed hard as he frantically looked between his friends, hoping that they'd sprout some brilliant ideas to save his neck. Of course, they just laughed, hard and loud, and Adrian's dentures fell out again. "What do I do now?" "Don't ever mention it. When you get home, just act like it never happened," Adrian offered as soon as he put his teeth back in. "When that doesn't work, tell her that someone must have slipped you a potion and that I healed you today," Cassius added his two sickles. "Just pretend that you forgot you were joking," Marcus mumbled behind his goblet. "Happens to me sometimes." "Good God, and to think that you helped win a war." Roger let out another deep sigh as he pinched the bridge of his nose. "Look, Dad, I happen to know that Mum has her heart set on a goblin-made charm bracelet. Buy it and apologise for lying to her and for whatever you said or did ibefore/i that." "I can't; she'll never forgive me." "Mum's like a Niffler. Give her something shiny and she'll forgive you on the spot. You ought to know that by now." It must have resonated within because the men at the table couldn't remember the last time they'd seen Terence move so fast on his own volition. Before they could blink a second time, he'd jumped up from his chair and put on his cloak and hat and was impatiently tapping his foot as he glared at his son. "Well?" "Well, what?" Roger asked, a bit confused. "Well, get up, you lazy arse. I need you to show me the trinket your mum wants." It took some exaggerated sighs and moans - - and winks and smiles at the other three- - before Roger made any attempts to adhere to his father's demands. However, all that mattered to Terence was that he did so in the end. Son and father bid their farewells, one more rushed than the other, and made their way to the entrance to Diagon Alley. "It's not that awful, is it? Growing older, I mean," Adrian muttered. His lips curled up into a soft smile as he watched Terence squabble with Roger by the door. "No, it isn't." Cassius, too, had a smile on his face. It grew wider when Roger suddenly wrapped his arm around Terence's shoulder and kissed the bald spot on his crown as he guided him out the door. "We're lucky that we've made it this far as it is." Marcus merely nodded in agreement as he poured the last of the wine into the goblets. As he raised his glass in the air, he had to admit that the loud ruckus around them wasn't that bad. In fact, it reminded him of his own troll cubs when they were younger. To be honest, his grandchildren were far noisier than the children running around today, and he'd be lying if he were to say that he couldn't stand it. Truth be told, he loved the racket. It made him feel alive and appreciative of the fact that he'd grown older than his parents ever had. And as he slyly surveyed his two friends, he knew that they'd agree with him. "Here's to growing older and the bit of discomfort that comes with the territory," he toasted. His grin grew wider when other two clanged their glasses against his. "It's all worth it in the end." Without taking a second breath, the men downed the last of their wine in one go. For a minute, they resembled the young boys they had once been, eager to show off how fast they could drink a pint without gagging or spilling a drop. And as it had been back then, Marcus won. He slammed his goblet on the table as he let out a loud, long-lasting belch that earned him cheers and applause from the youngsters by the bar. Suddenly, his triumphant grin faltered, and he dropped his gaze to his lap. When he looked up again, his smile had morphed into one of defeat. Perhaps Katie was right, and it was time for him to pay the Healer a visit. "I've pissed myself again." Fin