it was that she said or did to them. Yet, he also knew that centaurs were not cruel or evil creatures—preferred to be left alone. Despite what some like Umbridge would think… they were gentle and deep beings with a distain for needless violence. But with how they had been treated by humans in the past… he could not blame them for their frustration. He waited there patiently as they quietly talked among themselves. Finally, after a few minutes of discussion, they seemed to decide that they would leave the matter to him. "Very well," Ronan said deeply but very seriously as well. "We shall allow you to take her with you. On the condition that she will never be allowed to set foot in our forest again. The stars foretell that she will grow even crueler than she is right now." "I pray not," Albus answered with a polite bow. "But I swear, as long as I am alive, she will not set foot in here or bother any of you ever again. Thank you all for your kindness." One by one, the centaurs left him, retreating back into the cover of the trees. Bane staying a fragment of a second longer as he gave him a sharp look—before he left with a swish of his tail. Albus waited until he was sure that they had left before he walked over and pulled Umbridge up. He then forced her to walk with him; and without another look back, they went through the forest and back in the direction of the castle. "H-h-halfbreeds," she stuttered out once she realized that he was here, and she began shaking from head to foot as she glared at him. "Handled b-by such b-b-beasts! And you had some nerve to c-come back here! Y-you will be arrested as soon as I contact the Ministry!" "Those halfbreeds spared you," Albus said coldly, refusing to look at her. "That is what we call mercy. None of that would have happened anyway if you hadn't been so foolish to insult them in the first place. And I am here to inform you that I have just been pardoned and now I'm now allowed to return to the castle as Headmaster." "Preposterous!" she cried out, refusing to believe any of that. "You will soon see," he answered harshly. "I will allow you to rest up in the Hospital Wing. But once you have recovered, you will leave. You are no longer Headmistress, High Inquisitor, or even the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Not that my students have learned anything from you this year. Your degrees have already been removed and yes, you are fired. She glared at him, but perhaps she feared that he would leave her behind if she argued and she stayed surprisingly silent. He led her out of the forest, supporting her as he took her up to the Hospital Wing, and left her in Madam Pomfrey's care. Harry was there already with his five friends. They didn't notice him at first, but he didn't stay long enough for them to realize he was there. Luna was sitting up in bed with a turban of bandages around her head, but she was already reading the latest issue of The Quibbler. Neville was pale, but looked whole and heathy just like Ginny Weasley, whose ankle had already been taken care of. As for Harry, his back was to the door as he watched over his two best friends, who were both sleeping. Perhaps it was cowardliness, but Albus did not want to stay. He had also guessed that he may be the last person that Harry may wish to see at the moment; so once he passed Umbridge over to Madam Pomfrey, he returned back to his office. Alastor was still there, and he was flipping through the book when he entered the room. When Albus asked him if he would rather have something else to do, he was given a surprising answer. Alastor was very interested as he turned the pages to the last chapter they had read before receiving the message from Severus to go to the Ministry. "Quite impressive they were," he admitted as he turned the page. "A bit inexperienced, but six teenagers didn't do half a bad job against a dozen odd Death Eaters. They were able to hold their own until we showed up anyway and none of them were killed. You should read that chapter when you get the chance." "Why are you going through that now?" Albus asked tiredly as he began looking at some of the countless letters from the Ministry that were already piled up on his desk. He was determined to do whatever it took to avoid Alastor's gaze—so much so that he was willing to stoop to looking through mail. But he was also burning with curiosity at what else the book had to say as well. "There's only three more chapters left," Alastor said as he skimmed ahead. "You think that they hold more information?" Albus did not answer as he thought that all over. Truthfully, he feared what they would read next. "I'm not above finding out," Alastor said as he took a seat at last and turned the page to the next chapter. "Interesting," he added when he saw the black-and-white image to see Dumbledore standing there with his wand drawn, facing off against the black robed figure he knew to be Voldemort. He, too, had his wand drawn, and was even holding up a large shield as he battled with the old man. And it was a sign of just how interested he was in this information that he was reading it out loud to him. the same man who had refused to read almost any of the chapters the entire time that they went over them. "Chapter Thirty: The Only One He Ever Feared," he read out, as if curious to see how Dumbledore would respond to it.