lips to shower with kisses. "When did you become like this?" Draco sighed. "Like what?" the witch replied between kisses. "Like … I don't know …. Like so fucking sexy." "I don't know what you mean." Draco didn't know if she was playing coy, or if she was genuinely oblivious to her affect. "You might be ignorant, but I sure as hell couldn't keep my fucking eyes off you the whole day. You've changed, Granger." Suddenly the kisses on his neck halted. "Good change, or bad change?" the movement of her lips tickled his skin. And stirred that same feeling deep in that masculine part between his legs. He flexed his hand that rested on her arse. "Its good. Very good. Trust me, yeah?" Hermione giggled before snuggling her face towards the Slytherin's neck. "If you say so." She whispered, her voice tantalizing and seductive. Draco could have shamelessly spent the entire night hidden in that dark alcove, snuggling and kissing the young alluring girl in his arms. But sadly reality caught up with them and they had to return to their dorms before the teachers started doing their own rounds in making sure all students were present in their beds. Reluctantly they parted in opposite directions, Hermione to her Gryffindor tower, and Draco to his Slytherin dungeons. But not before they shared one long lingering, tongue mating, and final kiss. Fearing that once daylight broke, whatever enchantment has saturated the air between them would evaporate the very next day. The only thing that hung in the air was the promise of meeting at the same time, in that very same place. The first week ended sooner than expected. And the castle buzzed with the excitement of the weekend. Especially the seventh year students as they were allowed early permission to visit Hogsmeade, while their lower year schoolmates would await till next month. But the luxury of a class-free two days was still an exhilaration to the young ones. The end of the week was something a certain dark haired wizard would have lavished. But the duties of being headmaster were not put on hold even during the weekends – unfortunately. Severus Snape reclined back in his fine leather wingback chair, and very briefly closed his eyes, relishing that moment of quiet in his office. It was a rare and undisturbed moment indeed as even the occupants of the portraits left their frames empty to wander about the castle. His tranquil minute was short lived however as he sensed through the castle's sentient magic that someone was requesting access to the gargoyle statue guarding the headmaster's office chambers. Granting permission to his visitor, Severus wiped a hand over his face and rose from his seat just in time for his office door to swing open. Draco stepped in and closed the door subtly behind him. During the weekends, Severus permitted Draco an exception to visit Malfoy Manor through the Floo Network that exclusively connected via his office. Now more than ever Severus understood the need for Draco to constantly keep his father company in their desolate manor. As the older wizard escorted the Malfoy heir he noticed the dazed and absentminded look on his young face. "Care to share was has enraptured your thoughts so fiercely, Draco?" Snape scrutinized. The blonde Slytherin jumped, not realizing that his godfather was standing so close to him until his voice cleared the fog that has been clouding his mind this past week. Draco turned his face away from his headmaster, only because he couldn't hide the heat that bloomed over his skin. Severus decided to take another opportunity to probe the young boy before him. He knew he didn't have to push hard. Snape always had a way to make his godson spill all his troubles. "If something is on your mind then you need only speak of it, Draco – You do know you could tell me anything." "It's nothing, uncle. Really … I just …. It's school stuff. Being back here, like it's all normal . It will take time to get used to it, yeah?" Draco flustered. "You could tell me more before you leave for the weekend." It was strange for the dark haired wizard to see Draco so nervous around him. "Maybe when you come to visit us tomorrow?" The young Malfoy inched towards the clay pot that held the floo powder and grabbed a handful of it before throwing it into the fireplace and announcing his destination. "See you tomorrow, uncle." Draco called back swiftly before he disappeared in a swirl of green flames. Severus stood for a while as he eyed the now empty fireplace. It was odd how the young Malfoy heir was suddenly so tight lipped when he had a loose tongue and would always confide in his godfather. Something must have happened to change the young boy's attitude. He doubted it was something so flimsy as it would pertain to mere school stuff . Draco was after all the brightest wizard of his generation. Severus would have to owl Lucius concerning his son's troubled state. But for now – and speaking of the brightest minds – the headmaster retreated back to his desk. He had a more pressing matter to attend to. A complaint to be more specific, from several teachers, regarding the state of their students being equally as distracted by a certain outrageous display from the last person Severus excepted to hear such a claim against. Picking up his ebony wand, Severus sent a Patronus message to his colleague, knowing she would be in her office alone at this early hour. ' Minerva, please inform your Head Girl to proceed to my office at once .' Severus watched as the doe form of his Patronus galloped around his desk before it disappeared through the wall and towards it's intended. Relaxing in his chair, the headmaster released a sigh. His morning would sure be an eventful one, indeed. To be continued …