years as she grew a bit older and wiser. There only remained one matter that really bothered her, so she talked to James and arranged a meeting with an older acquaintance. o0O0o "Thanks for doing this," Lily said to her companion once they found their hiding place between a wall and the side of an old trophy case. Savannah waved her off carelessly. "Please, Potter. Clearly trouble is a prerequisite for being your friend." The other girl gave a guilty smile but a sincere grin soon proved sufficient reassurance. "Speaking of trouble," she started, "how was Jonah's report?" "Oh," Savannah rolled her eyes, "about what I expected. Apparently Nathan suggested Jonah really should ask Erin for help if he wanted to talk to her. Nick stepped in to stop it before Jonah intentionally forgot a homework assignment." Lily snorted. "Was that the time he wanted to skip Herbology to fix the Transfiguration he 'forgot about'?" "I think so," her friend answered with a humored smile. "I'm glad Nick got involved." "Yeah, Erin probably doesn't need anyone bothering her studies." "No," Savannah disagreed with a slight frown, "She probably does. I just don't think it should be with someone else's studies." She thought a moment before bringing back her smile. "If Jonah wants to talk to her he really should just talk to her." "Good luck convincing him." "You up for the job?" "No way," Lily insisted as she cut across the air with her hands. "I am done getting involved." Her friend offered a doubtful look. "Sure, Lily. And what you're off to do- it couldn't possibly be considered interfering, right?" Lily refused to meet her eye as she stood to brush off her robes. "I should probably go…" "Get involved?" Savannah finished knowingly. Lily couldn't help but grin as she jogged away from the laughing first year. "Shut up, Barnes!" o0O0o "You Potters do realize follow-up conferences aren't typical, don't you?" It was strange, but oddly satisfying to hear the Hat's voice in her ear again now, almost a year later. "I'm not here for that," Lily hurried to convince it. "Oh?" "I have more of a… question." She bit her cheek, hoping she was thinking her words correctly. It was hard to consider her answers beforehand and for a Slytherin such as herself that was unnerving. "That's not really typical, either." Lily was slightly annoyed to hear the humor in its voice and had definite suspicion that it already knew what she was going to say. "Neither is a talking hat," she snapped. "Touché," it granted and she was relieved to hear its almost business-like tone. "What's your question?" Lily tried to close her mind to everything but the words she wanted to use. It didn't work. "Are you keeping muggleborn out of Slytherin because it's what Salazar wanted?" She cringed. The Hat chuckled before answering. "If I listened to all of our dear founders' preferences, there would be no only children in Hufflepuff, boys in Ravenclaw, or redheads in Gryffindor." "Oh." The Hat seemed to sigh. "Everyone has their prejudice." Again, Lily's words came too quickly; "Then why? Why are there no muggleborn in Slytherin?" "It isn't a matter of the founder. It's a matter of the House," it explained. "I put students in the House where I believe they can succeed. The Slytherin house has never seemed ready to support a muggleborn." Lily's thoughts began to race and, whether it was from their speed or the Hat's manners, there was silence in her head as she considered the Hat's words. "I think Slytherin's ready now." The Hat did not sound surprised by her claim, but did choose to clarify; "Are they really?" "Yes. I think we are." And Lily couldn't see it, but the portraits in the office watched as the frayed old hat's seam stretched with a wide smile. "Then I'll be sure to send them along." "I promise to look out for them," Lily assured it. "I know you will, Ms. Potter." The Hat smiled again and this time Lily could hear it in its voice. She raised her arms to lift off the Sorting Hat. "Thank you for your time." "Ms. Potter," the Hat broke in before she could leave. "There is one other thing." "Yes?" "I will tell you something similar to what I once told your father: you would have done well in Gryffindor." Lily's throat went dry and her brain, numb. To hide it, she tried a joke. "Even if I am a redhead?" The Hat chuckled. "You should know from your family that doesn't matter. Might even give you an edge." "But I'm not like my family," she rushed to explain. "They were brave enough to be in Gryffindor." She didn't mean for it to sound like that, but it was difficult to communicate manners. The Sorting Hat paused for a moment before answering, and when it did its voice was stern, all ghosts of laughter gone. "They were brave enough to be in Gryffindor, but you were brave enough to be in Slytherin." Lily froze, her arms still halfway to the Hat's brim. "Do you understand, Potter?" Lily swallowed. "I think so." "Good." The Hat's tone turned almost light when it dismissed her; "You should be going. I doubt you met me with permission and even Weasley distractions can last only so long." She nodded and thanked the Hat again before removing it from her head. It seemed oddly quiet in her head without a second voice and she glanced quickly at her surroundings, as if to locate a possible replacement. Her eyes settled on a portrait of a previous Headmaster, a man with a hooked nose and dark eyes that reminded her strangely of tunnels. He stared back, layers of emotions covered by a look of cool indifference, almost disdain. Lily paused at the door and offered a curt nod to her brother's namesake before quickly descending the stairs. She still needed to pack for the holidays.