duelling, knew that he had to end this quickly. molten metal poured from his wand to encase Salazar in an armoured coffin but Salazar transfigured the metal into glass, which then exploded, showering Godric with shards that cut painfully into his skin. Before Godric could recover from the onslaught Salazar had sent forth dozens of tiny snakes of fire that danced about the room, biting at any part of Godric they could reach. Godric lifted his wand and turned the flaming beasts to cold ash, although his hand was so burned his wand dropped uselessly to the floor, rolling away into a corner. Salazar threw back his head and laughed, a terrible grinding hiss, accompanied by much gnashing of his teeth, and raised his wand to deliver the death blow. Godric unsheathed his great sword, his hand gripping tightly onto the ruby encrusted handle. He swung wildly, half hoping to miss but knowing he must strike true. The blade sang through the air in a slash of silver, Salazar cried out and his wand arm fell to the floor, severed. It lay rubbery and lifeless between them, looking more like an artifice than flesh and bone. For a second, both men did nothing but stare at it, aghast. With an anguished roar of pain, Salazar charged towards Godric, his magic forgotten but even as he took the first steps, his body seemed to fail him. The scream gave way to harsh hissing and his legs seemed to buckle under him. Yet even as he fell, instead of tumbling downwards, his upper body - the tapered head, the great wide neck, the elongated torso seemed to rise up. With a sickening sound of tearing flesh, the parts of Salazar that remained man separated from the reptilian monster that he had become. The great snake reared up out of the crumpled remains of Salazar Slytherin's human form. Godric, sickened to the depths of his belly, didn't dare look. Afterwards, he hated himself for his cowardice but he couldn't look up the face of the demon who had once been his friend. As the snake lunged for him, Godric held his nerve until he could feel the foul breath of the beast on his face, before he twisted out of the way. The snake had nowhere to go but down the well in the centre of the floor and as it tried ineffectively to rear its way back out, Godric gathered up coils of its body and stuffed them down into the hole. When the entirety of the beast was sliding down towards Salazar's chambers, Godric pressed his wand to the stone surround of the well and sealed it shut. Godric crouched down on his haunches, his hands pressed tightly over his face, his sword and wand discarded in the dust at his feet. Grief wracked his body, escaping in silent heaving sobs and tears that slipped from under his tightly closed lids and pooled in his palms. He dared not remove his hands and see the blood, the remains of the man he loved so dearly, gone forever. He stayed like that for how long he knew not, until his muscles were cramping and burning, begging for him to move. With great shuddering breaths, he removed his hands to regard the horror. The antechamber was in a terrible disarray – a tapestry smouldered on its hangings, the floor was stirred up with great the prints of great coils lashed over the room, pools of blood lay about, yet Godric only saw the crumpled heap in the corner. Wearily he reached for his wand and began to repair the damage. He righted chairs, scourgified the entire chamber and vanished the glass that lay about. He was just trying to summon his courage to accompany him while he disposed of the remains when he caught sight of something glinting in the dirt of the floor. The gold chain and locket that Salazar carried around his neck at all times. Godric's violently shaking hands and large digits made it a struggle for him to undo the delicate clasp but eventually he managed it and the small golden locket opened to reveal a tiny portrait of Salazar and himself, arms tightly around each others shoulders. He had never posed for it – he supposed Salazar must have painted it from memory, the very thought of which caused fresh tears to leak down his cheeks. Moaning lowly and retching all the while, he transfigured Salazar's severed arm, wand still in his lifeless hand, into a golden chain and the rest of his remains into a duplicate locket. He then wiped clean the portrait from the original. This he would give to his wife as proof he had abandoned her. The duplicate, he fastened around his neck, making sure it was well hidden by his robes. As it settled on his chest, it felt warm, rather than cold like metal. Lastly, he cast every locking charm, notice me not spell and silencing spell that he knew over the well. He despised his own cowardice that he couldn't bring himself to kill the beast and instead was leaving the danger buried deep within the castle but somewhere in that monster, Salazar's heart beat and Godric couldn't bring himself to extinguish it. Feeling like his heart was breaking, actually fracturing down its facets and withering within his chest, he realised that he would never be able to tell anyone the truth of what had happened here, that he would have to lie to his comrades and make them grow to hate their former friend for deserting them. And if the time came, and his child bore the signs of the same sickness that had overtaken his father, then he would honour his memory and his hand would not falter in carrying out the man's last wish and the truth of that too, he would carry to his grave. Salazar's chamber would hold the secret forever. If you enjoyed, please review.