and realising that he had arrived slightly further down the corridor than intended, seeing that a confused Samuel Potter was sitting on a chair right next to the door, having noticed his arrival and had begun to climb to his feet and advance towards him. But at the same time more pressing matters caused Harry to divert his attention away from Samuel, or perhaps more accurately, whoever was currently disguised as Samuel, because the real Samuel Potter was currently lying facedown, unconscious, and bound and gagged, with blood pouring out from his face, and it was clear right from the start that he had been tortured. He cursed, and said, "I should have seen this coming." "Yes, you should have," said the familiar, taunting and almost baby-like voice of Bellatrix Lestrange, her polyjuice potion having expired as she walked towards him, revealing her full face and body that was now in a clothes size far too small for her. "You know, you have to admit, he did at least put up a fight. Itty-bitty Potter. Too bad. Daddy shouldn't have let him out of his depth." Harry felt the wand pressed into his back. "I'll be taking that," said Lestrange, grabbing the artefact from his left hand, and pocketing it herself. "And as for you… I don't suppose you would mind telling me who you are? I've always wanted to know. I never could quite see your face." "There's a reason for that," Harry said. "Have you ever tried being an actress, by the way? That was actually a pretty good performance. You got The Boy Who Lived pretty much spot on." "Thanks for the career advice," Lestrange said, and Harry could tell she was smiling. "I'll bear that in mind if my Master's dreams of world conquest don't work out as well as they intended. Which of course, now that we have the Spear of Destiny… they should work out just fine. I mean. Have you heard of anyone ever being stopped in possession of the Spear before?" "I can think of a couple of people," said Harry. "If the rumours are true, Hitler for one." "Who?" Lestrange said, raising an eyebrow behind Harry, not recognising the name. "Never mind. I have the Spear. I have everything that I need. I should just kill you both right now, but… where's the fun in that? The sheep they keep sending to stop me all end up dead. I want a real competition next time we meet, a real fight. You think you can deliver that?" "You can count on it." "Good," Lestrange said. "Oh, and he's fine, by the way. Potty. In case you were wondering. I guess I'll leave you to do the explaining when you wake up." Harry tried to turn around with his wand but was unable to stop Lestrange from firing a simple stunner into his back, knocking him out cold and blasting him across the room in a crumpled heap. Lestrange gave a cackle as she walked away, taking a leftover black umbrella from the lost property basket near the exit of the Library as she did so and putting it above her head despite the fact that she was indoors and it wasn't raining at all. Picking up on a phrase that she had overheard at one of her last formal gatherings that she used to attend, Bellatrix sang as though it were a nursey rhyme as she departed, "Oh oh, oh ho, as the saying goes. Don't let it be forgot… that once there was a spot… for one brief shining moment that was known as Camelot. Oh oh, oh, ho. As the saying goes. Don't let it be forgot… that once there was a spot… for one brief shining moment that was known as CAMELOT. " Anything that was left after the term Camelot was obscured by a never-ending onslaught of cackling laughter that could only come from someone who was well and truly insane. IV. It took Harry a grand total of twenty minutes to recover from the stunning spell and he came too, coughing and wheezing as though he had just recovered from a heart attack. He hurriedly activated his mic, and said, "Professor, we have a problem." "I am fully aware of that. It looks like things as you would put it, have most certainly gone south." "I don't need you to tell me that," said Harry, climbing to his feet. As he tried to stagger towards the door he felt himself blinded by a large burst of light cast in his direction from multiple forces, as he covered his eyes to mask the brightness, he said, "I might need a Plan B." " DROP YOUR WAND AND SURRENDER!" James Potter addressed his son, pointing his wand at him as though he was as evil as Voldemort himself. " IN THE NAME OF THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC YOU ARE HEREBY PLACED UNDER ARREST!" TO BE CONTINUED. For clarification, Harry has just finished his fifth year and is about to start his sixth, putting him the same year as Diggory et al. More will be revealed as time progresses and I'll try to update every couple of weeks at the latest. Each chapter will be between 2,000 to 3,000 words and will incorporate elements like The Spear of Destiny and elements from various other mythologies, and although it will be set in the same year as the Triwizard Tournament there will be a lot more stuff going on behind the scenes as well. Harry's age in the first chapter is left deliberately vague as the Bellatrix!Samuel is trying to estimate how old he is, and in this he's someone who looks older than his years. He's a bit more powerful than your average wizard, but as demonstrated by the fact that he got tricked by Bellatrix, he isn't completely all powerful. For now, pairings are undecided but I'm likely to lean towards a Harry/Fleur or Harry/Tonks pairing if at all.