the hall as fast as her legs could go, rounded a corner and kept running, trying to put as much distance as she could between her and the scene that was burned into her eyes. She sprinted down a stair case… she seemed to think the pain might stop if she could just get far away from that bloody closet. She found herself in a dark, narrow hall she'd never been, and slumped against the wall. Mere hours ago she had wondered why she hadn't yet cried over her boyfriend, and now she couldn't stop the tears nor catch her breath. The vice her heart was in seemed to clamp down on her lungs as well. She was taking in struggling breaths as she leaned forward on her knees against the wall, grasping at the stone as if she could claw her way to oxygen. I just need to breathe. I need air. She wasn't thinking clearly anymore. Declan was far from her mind as the panic rose and the already narrow hall was seemed to shrink in size, closing in on her oppressively. Just then she realized someone was speaking. "..Damn it, girl. Breathe in slowly from your nose, and out from your mouth". She looked up and through her tears saw Professor Snape leaning over her for the second time that day. She was still heaving as she stared up at him. "Do you want to calm down or not? Do as I said." She concentrated and tried her best. "In through your nose and out through your mouth. Slowly." He repeated. She kept looking in his eyes, as if they held hers there, just like earlier in class. But this time instead of inducing fear, they were helping her to focus, and within a minute or so, her breathing was slowing, her sobbing stopped. The hallway was suddenly unreasonably silent. He stood back and put out his hand. She hesitated to reach for it, he still so looked angry. But she did and stood up, still looking at him. "Thank you." She said quietly. "This area of the dungeons is off limits to students." "I'm sorry, I- I was upset, and running. And I wasn't paying attention to where I was going and just ended up here, I guess." "Running?" He furrowed his brow. "If someone was trying to harm you then should be reporting it to your Head of House as per the rules of-" "Oh no, nothing like that. I just, I just discovered something, something upsetting. That's all." She knew her eyes must be red and swollen, her cheeks tear streaked. She looked down at her shoes. "Well if you are quite done here then you should be getting on. There is nothing down this corridor except some store rooms and my private living quarters…" He cut his words off and cleared his throat. "So, if you will..." He gestured for her to move down the hall. Her eyes were still to the stone floor as she made her away around him. She briefly wondered why he hadn't berated her or docked points from Gryffindor for her being down there near his… private rooms. She felt her cheeks flush. No doubt from the embarrassment of being caught in hysterics in a hallway. She winced at the thought of having to see him again the very next morning to turn in her parchment. But embarrassment she could take, it was a hell of a lot better than the heartbreak and panic she had been feeling just before he found her there. Rachel stayed in her bed with her drapes drawn around her the rest of the evening, skipping her DADA class, and the evening Quidditch match. She tried to concentrate enough to at least do some reading, but it had been useless. She felt betrayed, as if the entirety of her relationship with Declan had all been a pretense. Or at the very least not what she had thought it to be. Mae ignored her when she returned to the room, as did Sabine but that was normal. Rima had snuck in late and crawled right into bed without speaking or making eye contact. Later, when Rachel reached for her wand on her night stand she swore she saw her flinch… shoulders then relaxing after hearing Rachel mutter "Depulso" for a quick banishing charm to send her books back to the shelf. She let herself smirk a bit at the thought of Rima being scared to fall asleep for fear she be hit with a revenge curse. But then Rachel lie awake thinking how ridiculous the whole thing was. Having quite an emotional break over being (sort-of) cheated on, hiding away in her room all day, Rima thinking her capable of hexing her. No, none of this would matter out in the real world. She again found herself imagining the day she'd be out of Hogwarts, beginning her life. Though doing what exactly she wasn't sure. Before Monday night the only certainty about her life after Hogwarts had been that she would share it with Declan. Her family consisted of just her and her mum, who worked as a concierge at a hotel in Muggle London. She had told her daughter in a letter she'd have a job waiting for her at the hotel when she finished at Hogwarts, either in housekeeping or the hotel restaurant. Rachel had tried to sound grateful when she had written back, but the thought of not continuing her studies made her heart sink. Exploring the world and following her interests in Magical History was all she could see herself doing, and settling back into Muggle life working in the hotel business she just wasn't willing to do. I have to get good marks, I have to do well now to be able get into specialty training or apprenticeship . Starting with the parchment of work for Snape. Embarrassed or not, I'll bring it in first thing in the morning.