his good hand to brace her back, and it eventually did. Severus Snape hugged very rarely, but when he did, he meant it. "My parents…they're gone," she whispered. "But…you're here." "Poor replacement, I'm sure," he muttered. "But…if it brings any comfort, that I still exist in this sphere…then my existence…has some worth at least." He smiled slightly. "I just realized…I have never hugged two-in-one before." She chuckled softly and leaned back away from him. He looked amused at the way her bushy hair had gotten all out of sorts. "Have you ever tried conditioner on that wild head of yours?" "Yes, can't you tell?" She ran her fingers through her hair and gave it a toss. "Mmm…lime sherbet scented, isn't it?" "That it is." Her eyes glimmered mischievously. "Harry finds it rather…appealing." "Your secret to ongoing motherhood?" he supposed. "Maybe," she beamed. "What's all this about secrets?" came a voice from behind them. "Behold, he commeth," Snape announced snarkily as Harry entered the kitchen, threw his coat haphazardly on the table, deposited a bouquet of roses and a box of chocolate covered cherries on the counter, and commenced to "greeting" his wife. She squeaked as he grabbed her playfully by the middle and swung her into a long-lasting kiss. "Go careful with her, you clumsy ape," Snape growled. "Oh, come on, can't a man kiss his own wife on Valentine's Day, you old bat?" Harry demanded cheekily. Hermione giggled, and fell into kissing him again. Snape sighed. "This whole holiday is simply an excuse for a lot of useless sentimentality, over-consumption of sugary substances, and the purchasing of expensive baubles to keep ramshackle relationships alive. And seriously, couldn't you both do that…behind closed doors?" "I do believe I closed the door when I came in, Snape," Harry noted, in between kissing. "I'm not going to let you start censoring the kitchen as a no-go-zone!" "Well…perhaps the professor is right," she remarked coyly. "Want to…go upstairs for a spell? There's something I've got to tell you, anyway…" "Yes, there is," Snape agreed. "So you might as well just…go get it over with." "Is the news that bad?" Harry queried. "No, no, he's just being his gloriously pessimistic self," said Hermione dismissively. "Yes, just feel free to take me with a grain of salt, as you usually do," he scoffed. "Whatever you say, Snape," Harry agreed with a grin, and he and his wife both made their way out of the kitchen, leaving Snape alone with his own killjoy thoughts as official Scrooge of the February love fest. A few minutes later, Lily Luna burst into the room excitedly. "Sev-e-wus!" She alone in the household had the privilege of calling Snape by his first name, even though she did pronounce it in a disjointed fashion. Then, true to form, she ran over and started to clamber up onto his wheelchair. "Eh, careful…you'll hurt somebody," Snape grumbled. "There now – don't catch your hand in the wheel…" Soon she was all the way in, slumped against him, bracing herself against his shoulder, and started rambling incoherently about her day. "I need some sort of 4-year-old translation book," he muttered, pulling her up as she started to slide down. She clutched his collar with one hand for support. "Och…now don't choke me…" She just rested her head against his chest and looked up at him with her big, green, adoring eyes. He sighed. "Want to….go out and watch the sun set with me?" She nodded happily. "Alright, then. Go put on your jacket. I'm not going to get lectured by your parents for letting you catch cold. Go on." Outside on the porch, Lily had once again scrambled into his chair as they watched the colorful streaks of the winter sun glisten like a thousand twinkling lights off the frosty meadow. Geese honked in unison as they flew up from the partially frozen lake, and their gray wings glinted blue and purple in the falling rays and melted into the first beams of a ghostly, lily-white rising moon. "Tell me a story, Sev-e-wus," she pleaded. "Can you say…'please'?" he queried. "Please, Sev-e-wus," she whispered. He swallowed back a smile at her innocence. "Alright. You see the first star that comes out each evening?" He pointed up to the first point of purest light piercing the fading mauve of the dusk. "They say the evening star carries with it a soul…and to each person, it brings the soul of that person most loved by them, who has crossed over to the other side." "So the star…is like…a valentine?" she connected. "I suppose you could see it that way, yes." "But…all that way away…wouldn't they…forget to love?" Snape shook his head. "Some love never ends, dear. It just…gets brighter, like the star gets when the night falls." "How long…will mummy and daddy love me?" "You don't need me to answer that," he disclaimed. "You know the answer already, in your heart." He pointed to her chest indicatively and she smiled. She leaned back against him. "Sev-e-wus?" "Yes, child." "How long…will you love me?" He swallowed and looked up at the star, and the soul he imagined radiant within the light. "Always, Lily," he promised, and felt the 4-year-old nuzzle against him. "I love you, Sev-e-wus." He felt all his measured, monotone words dry up in his throat as his eyes burned like stars in the twilight, and he quietly stroked her soft, red hair, starting to hum an old lullaby under his breath that his Irish mother had once sung to him, many, many years ago. It was called "The Castle of Dromore", comparing new life to a rose of hope, to a young eaglet, who would one day be feathered fit to soar, and it lulled her into a peaceful sleep against him. Yes, gazing down at this new life, this image of his love, this trusting little child in his arms, he decided…being a part of a family was not so bad, after all.