with flying colors, so no more worries about OWLs, ok? Trouble always follows Harry, so no matter how hard you try to protect him, he always ends up being in a big trouble, but the good thing is that he most of the time has you and Ron to save his ass! As a Prefect, you're doing a good job and don't give a damn about that toad lady. I promise you I'll eventually wipe that nasty smile off her face one day. Besides, you're not the only one who's afraid of the future, of dark possibilities, of what's going to happen—but right now we have to live the moment, right? We won't have these peaceful moments in the future, so we should make the most of it. And let's not forget that you should have more fun in your life, it helps you relax.'' Hermione looked at him for a long time. Eyes wide with surprise and mouth open. She didn't expect him to comfort her after she told him about her problems, but she also didn't expect to be impressed by his speech. But then again, she had to admit that he always managed to impress her… ''Haven't you seen an attractive person before?'' Fred said to her teasingly. Hermione blinked before smirking slightly,'' I always see an attractive person whenever I look in the mirror.'' ''Wicked,'' Fred's eyes gleamed with amusement. Hermione took a deep breath,'' Thank you, Fred, I…well…it was unexpected, but also a bit comforting. Thanks,'' She gave him a bright smile. ''I didn't expect to be giving you a speech when I was coming here, either, to be honest,'' Looking down at the candles, he waved his hand to make their light brighter and stronger and then proceeded to push back the chair he was sitting on and stood up. ''Well, it was an honor to talk to you, Granger, and what we said tonight will remain here, I won't tell a soul, so…Goodnight.'' Hermione watched him go before she suddenly stood up,'' Fred!'' ''Yeah?'' He stopped and half-turned towards her. ''You never told me why you came here.'' ''I told you—to check on my favorite Prefect and—Merlin! I almost forgot it!'' Raising a brow in confusion, Hermione stared at him as he walked back to the table and fished around in his robe pockets. Pulling out a sandwich, he put it on the table. ''What is this?'' Hermione asked skeptically, glancing up at him. ''A sandwich. Something people eat. '' ''Funny,'' Hermione rolled her eyes. ''Your question was funnier, anyway, it's for you.'' ''For me?'' It sounded to her that Fred was surprising her more and more that night. ''Yep, I noticed you were absent during meal and well…when Ron mentioned your Potion exam for tomorrow, I realized you must be here studying. And I…well…made it for you,'' He said awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck uncomfortably, looking at the table. Hermione noticed that his ears become slightly red and giggled soundlessly. ''Why?'' She said knowingly, smirking teasingly.'' Why did you make it for me?'' ''Because I couldn't eat knowing that you're studying with an empty stomach,'' he said quickly, still refusing to look at her. ''There's more to it," Hermione stated seriously after a brief silence. ''There is,'' Fred nodded and finally met her gaze. After some moments, Fred sighed and gave her a lopsided smile,'' I gotta go. See you later.'' ''Thank you, Fred,'' Hermione said softly as he turned around to leave. ''Anything for you, Hermione.'' Later that night, Hermione left her dorm with an orange box in her hands. The stressful fifth-year students had occupied a spot in the Common Room and all of them were flipping through their books frantically. Sticking out her tongue childishly at Harry and Ron, she kept on walking towards the table where Fred and George were sitting. ''Hello, boys,'' She said loudly, sitting on the chair next to Fred's and didn't miss the paper George hid quickly. "Hey, Granger," Fred said brightly while George merely nodded sullenly. "I believe it's yours,"Hermione said, sliding the box towards George. He glanced at it in surprise. "Sorry for what I did last week, it was a bit overreacted, but I was fed up with your antics. Anyway, I'm sorry. " "She's apologizing to you, Georgie, " Fred said when his twin kept on looking at the table with a slight frown. He then looked up and met his brother's gaze and after having a mental conversation, George sighed and turned towards Hermione who was fidgeting with her sleeve. "Apology accepted," he said before grinning at her. "But who've thought the Granger would apologize to someone?" "Don't get used to it, George,'' she said, relieved that she was forgiven." But if it happens again—'' "Can't promise anything, Granger, "George said cheekily, grabbed the box quickly and stood up. " I'm going up. " "Will come later, " Fred half-waved at his brother who gave him a funny look before walking away. "So, " Fred said, looking at Hermione, " What's up? " ''The roof.'' ''Funny.'' "Your question was funnier. " They glanced at each other before chuckling. "Are you free tomorrow afternoon?" Fred asked. "Why?" "A little bird told me you are really interested in our products, so I thought I would show them to you and explain how we make them," He said causally. Throwing a sideways glance at Ginny, Hermione said teasingly, "you know I'm a strict Prefect right?" Fred smirked slightly," Yea, but before that you're a knowledge-craving student." "It's still dangerous for your little business." "I trust you." "Well, ok, tomorrow after noon, then?" Hermione said after a short silence. "Tomorrow afternoon," Fred nodded. Hermione stood up," Thanks, Fred." Fred grinned at her as she gave him a warm smile. "Anything for you, Hermione." The End A/N: Thank you for reading, don't forget to leave a review if you favorite the story or read it till the end, ok? :) -Royal Blossom