to tell me how devastatingly handsome I am." "Stop talking," Rose instructed, half-gasping into his mouth as he promptly showed her how much more agreeably his mouth could be occupied. He deepened the kiss, hands tangling in her hair, but all too soon pulled away again. She stayed where she was, her mind reeling a little, though now aware enough to recognise that they hadn't actually removed her apron, and she would be getting flour all down his front. It was hard to care with the way he was playing with the ends of her hair. "So," he drawled, looking remarkably pleased with himself. "I guess I'm not the only one who just tasted mashed-up scorpion." Fondness swept through Rose, and she grinned as she fiddled with the collar of his shirt. "That was part of my creepy-crawly cupcake line. Imitation insects." "Imitation." Scorpius's face puckered. "That wasn't something you could have mentioned earlier?" "And miss the look on your face?" Rose teased. "You're going to make the most excellent taster for my new cake shop. If I can feed you theoretical scorpions, seven hundred cupcakes should be a, well, a piece of cake." Instead of groaning at the pun as she had half-expected, he unentangled her fingers from his shirt, and planted a kiss on her knuckles. "That's your decision? Cake shop?" She nodded, watching as he turned her hand over to place another kiss on her palm. Some of the flour dusting his jumper was visible now, but he (probably) wouldn't mind. She felt bizarrely content that he would be supportive, as though she could have expressed her intention to start a bakery based solely on scorpion flour, and he would have found a way to be happy for her. She still needed to ask, "Good decision?" "Good decision." Epilogue "If I didn't know better I'd think you were trying to bump me off." "What makes you think you know better?" There was a silence, and Rose looked up from where she was smoothing her last layer of the Goyle birthday cake. Scorpius appeared lost in thought, and then he snapped his fingers, legs resuming their swinging. "That is an excellent point. I conclude that you are trying to bump me off." She grinned, returning her attention to the cake. "If I were doing that, I wouldn't exactly be going myself, would I?" "You're related to him. You must have some kind of inbuilt immunity to his inedible abominations. I bet you and Molly took all the culinary prowess in your family. Merlin only knows what Hugo's food tastes like." "Hugo doesn't even know what Hugo's food tastes like," Rose replied absently, using her spatula to trim away excess pieces at the base of the cake. "It's one of life's great mysteries. Okay, I think I'm done here. I'll arrange them in the morning, and put the peacock on top." "Perfect," Scorpius pronounced, but that was more the result of his having sat waiting for her for half-an-hour. "Have you stopped regretting the commission?" Rose's smile was tinged with guilt. She'd been cursing the commission all the way along, since it had turned out to be the most immensely fiddly cake of her life. Each tail feather had to be independently layered, and the (three!) cakes underneath the bird had to fit seamlessly. And the child was four. And Rose still had to work out how the bird was going to move in a 'lifelike but elegant' manner. But, Scorpius had really been the one to win her this commission, and it would likely be followed by others as his social circle showed their support of his girlfriend's company. 'Charming Cakes' was starting to take off in a way that suggested she would either have to close the cake shop entirely and work solely off commissions, or give the running of it over entirely to her staff. Aunt Daphne was even threatening to commission a cake for the opening of her nightclub, and Rose was alternately thrilled and terrified by the potential brief. "Thank you." "You are welcome. Your cousin's dinner is not the way to make it up to me, just so you know." Rose wiped her hands off on a towel, and moved to fit herself in between his legs. It was a bad move; he secured her in place by tucking his feet behind her. They were almost certainly going to be late, but he could have this moment. Maybe it would be some comfort through the meal. "Al says you'd have been banned after the last one if we hadn't been dating." His face was so comically dismayed that she couldn't help but giggle. "It's called a roast, not a burn-everything-to-a-crisp . I knew you'd be my downfall, Weasley. There's only one thing for it - we're going to have to host the next one, and shame him so he never lifts a kitchen utensil again." A flutter ran through her, as it did every time Scorpius suggested something domestic like this. It was ridiculous, but then, he'd only moved in a month back (explaining, straight-faced, that it would half his commute). "Great. Let's go lay down the gauntlet." He groaned, but in time, was persuaded to slide off the tabletop. She untied her apron, thinking with pleasure of how her assistants would be there in the morning to open for her, and how unexpectedly relieving it was to have help. She even got full days off, now, and Scorpius had blacked out a whole week in her work calendar, though he'd yet to tell her why. Molly, too, was happier, starting to flourish under the guidance of Mr. Jiggers. Sometimes, Rose missed their routines, and Molly's acerbic commentary, but she knew everything had worked out for the best. And at least Molly would be there tonight, probably competing with Scorpius for Most Grouchy. Scorpius had yet to find out, of course. It was good to keep some things a surprise in a relationship.