feel it in the air; if you do send men to investigate make sure they know what they're doing. We also found a wand at the scene and a ceremonial dagger; I'll let you have them once my team have dusted them for prints and I've researched them thoroughly." Limicks nodded. "Okay, thanks for the advice. We'll share anything we find with you and I'm sure you'll do the same. Anything like this magical committed or not reflects badly on the community. A scene like this could raise the possibility of witch fear starting up again, especially with the current political climate in the non-magic world." Harry smiled. "Honestly I've been with the force for three years now and most of them still don't fully trust me, though I am glad that those in authority have been made aware and have people like me in quite a few precincts." "God bless America." Limicks grinned. Harry laughed. "If only the democrats back home followed by example." He put out his hand to shake the man's. "It was nice meeting you Mr Limicks. I'll share anything with you I can. Tell your receptionist sorry, she tried my patience at a bad time." Limicks chuckled. "Honestly she needed a wakeup call, might make her more alert." Harry sat the bar sipping the glass of bourbon, the amber liquid swirling around in his glass, his mind working on the puzzle that had been presented to him. The murderer had come from an old family before it squibbed out on magic, that meant money which was how the wand was afforded, either that or the family were wand crafters, the wand was a work of art even if it was pure evil. He sighed; the only two wand crafters he knew of were of Ollivander and Gregorovitch, neither of which would deal in the Dark Arts that it would take to manufacture such a dark and volatile wand. What he also wanted to know was who or what had the wannabe necromancer intended to raise. "Bollocks to it." he tilted his head back and slammed back the drink. Wiping his mouth he signalled to the bartender for another. Pulling a napkin towards him Harry drew a pen from his pocket and started sketching a bird's eye view of the scene. He needed to go there again, although he didn't want to he needed to map out the flows of the magic, something was not right and he wanted to know what. Digging into his coat he found his phone and flipped it on. Punching in Phillips number he put it to his ear and waited. "Potter, what do you want?" she barked at him before he could speak. "I need to go back out to the scene." He told her. "And I need to do this now." "Why are you telling me? Why don't you just go out there and do whatever you need to do alone?" she snorted. "Do you need big bad cop lady to hold your hand?" "Nope, not sure I'd be able to find it again." "You're drunk aren't you?" he noted the resigned tone in her voice. "Little bit. So can you pick me up from Finnegan's?" he asked hopefully. She sighed deeply. "I suppose, I'll be there in half an hour, no more alcohol." She hung up. Harry downed his last drink. Half an hour later Harry was waiting outside the pub when Phillips pulled up in her beat up old Cadillac. Climbing in he grinned at her, a look of revulsion spread across her face and she smelt the odour of cheap after shave and whiskey coming off him. "You know Potter, if I actually gave a damn about your well-being I would stage an intervention." She told him sternly. Harry smirked. "Fortunately for me you don't so yippee." "So what do you need to go out there for?" she asked him. "I need to see if I can pick up anything from the flow of magic. It's going to be hard but hopefully I can pick up on the exact order things happened." He paused. "I went by the local magic cop shop and told them, the big boss told me they would help when they could and that the wish us luck in catching the guy." He smiled and stretched in the seat, his back and neck giving a loud crack. "What about you?" "All thirteen women were in their late teens early twenties and all first time mothers. They were also all registered at with the same Doctor, A Doctor Gregory Lechkov. He's gone missing, couldn't contact him we also went by his offices, he's cleared out and taken all the notes of the women with him." Harry processed the information. "Lechkov? What is that Russian?" "Bulgarian. Why?" "That was the home base of a Dark Lord a few decades back during the second world war. That area's always had a reputation for Dark Magic, it wouldn't surprise me if the family was part of that Dark Lords army." He sighed. "When I was working in England I went over a couple of times to assist on some international matters. I could probably call in a few favours if you wanted me to; track down the name and family history." "How quickly could you do that?" Phillips asked. "Give me an hour maybe two with Floo connection and I would have something. Either answers or people after my blood," he grinned at her, "I know which you'd prefer Phillips." "I would like nothing more than to watch you burn Potter, but honestly you're a lot more tolerable than most of your kind I've met and I can't deny that you get the job done." "Why Phillips I do believe you almost gave me a compliment." He smirked then looked at her again. "Do you have a coffee?" A/N: Next chapter we will meet the kids and find out more about what split the family apart.