other. Unless they cast the diagnostic spell that I used at every person they meet, it's the simplest way. Of course, with the bond they share as opposed to simply being soul mates she should be able to feel his presence when they are close enough to each other. Once the bond is finalized, the scars will stop showing up and they will be connected to each other on a much deeper level." "So, what does all this mean for Hermione?" Dan asked, looking down and the now sleeping girl on his lap. He was beginning to feel more and more overwhelmed as the night wore on and wasn't sure how much more he could take. "Well, there is good news and bad news. The good news is that, when your daughter eventually meets this boy, she'll know it and she will luckily be spared the usual hardships of young love." "How so?" "She will feel herself drawn to him, and he to her. They will be almost compelled to be together and to watch out for each other." "That sounds as if they're being forced into this." Emma didn't like how this good news was sounding. "Quite the contrary, Madam, I assure you," Dumbledore said, a gentle smile on his lips. "What the soul mate and soul bond means is that they are uniquely suited for each other. Without the bond and just with the soul mate connection, when and if she happens to meet this boy it is still a very likely possibility that they would eventually come together. The bond simply gives them a nudge in the right direction, making it easier for them to recognize each other all the sooner. "She will never have to deal with the usual insecurities of young love. She will never trust the wrong man, or give her heart to someone not worthy of her. She will never worry how he feels about her because her bond mate will compliment her, and she him. His strengths will shore up her weaknesses, and her strengths will support him. They will be as close as two people can be, emotionally in tune with each other. Of course, they are still two very different people. They will disagree, and they will, at times I imagine, fight and argue, just as any other couple. But their bond will ensure that they will always know that their mate cares for and loves them and that nothing will be able to come between them. He will be incapable of treating her poorly or intentionally hurting her and she would feel the same for him." Dan and Emma took a moment to absorb that information. As parents, it was a comfort to know that their daughter was sure to find a man that would treat her right and cherish her as they knew she deserved to be. Something Dumbledore had said worried Dan, though. "You said there was bad news?" he asked. "Ah, yes. That, I am afraid does concern me." Dumbledores voice had turned grave and somber. "Those scars. Those marks are the signs of abuse. Belt lashes, unless I miss my guess. So, while your daughter has someone out there that is, for all intents and purposes, perfect for her, it seems fairly obvious that he will have some challenges of his own to overcome that may make things difficult for them both. "His living situation is obviously not a good one. His mental and physical state by the time they meet is anyones guess. At best, he will likely have a long road to recover from the obvious physical and emotional abuse that he is suffering. Young Hermione should be able to help him, though. Their bond will allow her to reach him where he might close himself off from others. She will simply need to be gentle and patient with him." ##### Hermione Granger pushed her trolley with her school trunk ahead of her as she walked through the busy station, her eyes fixed on her goal with a dogged determination. Her soul mate was waiting for her. Over the years since wizards had first visited her home she had spent countless hours considering her situation. She had a soul mate! More than that, there was a boy out there guaranteed to be her friend. As the years had passed her by, and the number of scars grew, the ache in her heart had grown alongside them. Her soul mate was suffering. She knew it. Could feel it in her bones. She didn't feel all the pain from the scars herself. They formed and healed too quickly. But she knew that he felt it. Knew that he was suffering. She could feel his fear, pain, sorrow, and the aching hunger that gnawed at his belly. The year previously, just before receiving her letter to Hogwarts (Delivered by an owl of all things), she had gone to her mother and, with tears in her eyes, told Emma Granger that 'he' was hungry. At first, her mum had given her a confused look, before realization struck and she folded her daughter into her arms as the girl broke down into sobs against her. "They're starving him, mum!" she had cried. "He's so hungry, I can feel it." Hermione Granger had always been an avid reader, and when she realized the trauma her soul mate was suffering she did the only thing she could, since she couldn't save him from it yet. She had hit the books. Her bookshelf at home was filled with books on psychology, PTSD, and medical texts regarding treatment, both physical and mental, for long time sufferers of abuse. Added to those books were books on nutrition and anything she could find to help craft a diet for someone suffering from long term malnourishment. Armed with all the knowledge she could find, she strode purposefully toward the barrier leading to platform 9 3/4, determined to find him and save him, whoever he was.