mind was frozen, failing to understand what she was doing, and even more to decide what she was going to do next. They climbed the stairs with an excruciating slowness. Malfoy was gripping the handrail with both hands as though he was about to fall. Hermione thought she saw him sway dangerously several times and prepared to jump sideways in case he was going to fall down the stairs. To her greatest relief, they didn't run into any of her neighbors, and when they reached the landing of the fourth and last floor, her plan was ready. "Stop," she snapped. She was surprised to see him obey immediately. But then, she had a wand, and he could barely stand upright, the stairs having apparently drained him of what little strength he had. He leaned against the wall, his eyes glinting dully in their sunken sockets as he watched her go around him, staying as far as she could – and to the only door of the landing. Hermione's nose crinkled unwittingly – in this smaller space, the air was thick with the awful stench of rot and unwashed human body that floated around Malfoy. "Sit," she ordered. The young man slid down the wall and onto the floor. " Petrificus totalus ," muttered Hermione and his body became rigid. "I'm not calling the Aurors," she added coolly, answering the mad panic that flashed in his eyes. "But you'll have to wait." She unlocked the door and opened it just a crack to slip inside, before quickly closing it. She dropped her bag onto the floor, took off her coat and scarf, and forcing her lips to form a calm, warm smile, went to the open kitchen. Nathaniel was sitting at the table behind the counter and didn't look up when she moved closer. The piece of fruit cake had disappeared from the plastic box and his glass of milk was empty. The little boy was now focused on eating the chocolate-coated cornflakes he was taking one by one out of their jar to put them on a spoon and eat them one at a time. Hermione squatted next to his chair and ran a hand through his soft hair, before rubbing small circles on his back. He had changed his flannel pajamas for a pair of denim dungarees and a beige knitted sweater. His big, hazel eyes were still fixed on his spoon but his face split into a wide smile and he leaned into her touch. "I haven't been too long?" she asked softly. The little boy shook his head, carefully chewing a cornflake. "We are having a guest," said Hermione in a low, soothing voice. The child reached for the jar of cereals and took another cornflake. "Lulu?" he mouthed before bringing the spoon to his lips. "No, not Lulu. Lulu is coming later. You don't know him." She watched Nathaniel anxiously. He paused, before shaking his head, a crease appearing between his small eyebrows. Hermione sighed and closed her eyes briefly. Bloody Malfoy! "I know you don't like meeting strangers," she continued softly. "That's why I wanted to ask you if you could go to your room and prepare the beautiful drawings you made for Lulu while I'm busy with him? Would you do that?" The little boy seemed to consider the question for a moment, then slid from his chair, and staring at the tip of his shoes, went to pick up the drawings scattered on the floor of the living-room. With a frown of concern, Hermione watched him trot to his room and close the door, still without looking at her. Cursing under her breath, she strode to her own room; Malfoy had to stay as far as possible from the child. The only guest room of the apartment being occupied by Nathaniel, her own bedroom became the only place where she would have to keep Malfoy for the moment. Trying not to think that it was soon going to be invaded by the presence of an extremely filthy, very probably insane, former Death Eater on the run, she walked around the neat room, putting up various wards and sound-proofing it. When she was done, she went back to the apartment door, making sure that Nathaniel was still in his room, and opened it wide, looking down at Malfoy's seated, motionless form. "Come in," she commanded, flicking her wand to free him from the Body-Bind Curse. "Don't say a word until I allow you to." Malfoy stood up unsteadily and went inside the apartment, his eyes scanning warily every corner as though he expected an army of Aurors to surround him. Her wand pointed at him, Hermione locked the door behind them and silently beckoned him to her room. He had the decency to go around the carpets, and once in her bedroom, stopped in the empty space between her bed and the wardrobe. Closing the door, Hermione went to stand on the other side of the bed. For a long moment, she just watched him, the idea that Draco Malfoy was in her room slowly sinking in her mind. She had the impression that a deadly weight was crashing down on her, all the emotions she had been bottling up since she had woken up this morning threatening to burst out with another surge of nausea. Malfoy was looking around the room, blinking slowly, and the little Hermione could see of his face was devoid of expression. She noticed that his hands were trembling spasmodically, probably from the cold and exhaustion and nervous tension all at once, and she felt a pang of pity. She refused however to soften before knowing the reason of his presence. She took a deep breath. "Speak," she said, her voice coming out more high-pitched than expected. "What do you want from me?" Malfoy's gaze focused on her. And then he collapsed, losing consciousness. A/N: I apologize if you find any grammar/spelling/vocabulary mistakes. English is not my first language.