will," his gaze locked onto Yaxley. "I am no coward." "It warms my heart to hear that Lucius you have served me faithfully for so long. However, it is not you who will bear punishment this night." Heart hammering in his chest, Draco frantically looked between his father and Voldemort in panic. Surely, he misheard. Surely, it was a mistake. Surely… "My Lord… You cannot mean my son," Lucius said, his voice far too calm for the situation. "Who else could I mean? I wanted dear Narcissa for this job, but Bella made me think better of it. It was her who suggested Draco for the role and I must say this gives me infinitely more joy," Voldemort smiled humourlessly. "Nothing brings a smile to my face faster than tearing a family apart." "My Lord," Lucius began. "I…" "Do you not want to know what we will do with little Draco?" Voldemort asked in an offhanded manner. "I'm sure he would like to know." "My Lord?" In the distance a wolf howled. "Did you hear that Lucius? I believe that's Fenrir on the hunt. What do you say we throw him a bone or a boy? It doesn't really matter to me, but he does deserve a reward after his efforts at the Ministry," Lucius stood, stunned into silence. "Nothing to say Lucius? No 'my Lords'? No pleas for your son? It's almost admirable. Almost." It was then Lucius found his voice once more, "My Lord, please…" "Now he begs," Voldemort taunted. "Even your son hasn't stooped that low and he's the one in danger." The wolf howled again, closer this time, sending a distinct chill down Draco's spine. He refused to beg though, he wasn't even sure if he knew how to. "My Lord…" "Enough Lucius, I'm growing tired of this and Fenrir is close," Voldemort said harshly. "Time to go." Lucius moved to grip Draco's arm. "He stays." Lucius didn't so much as spare Draco a glance before he disapperated with a loud crack, leaving Draco at the mercy of the others. He didn't dare say a word, not wanting to let his fear show. Instead, he chose to hold his head high and let his face morph into a mask of cold indifference. The others began to leave themselves before it was only him and Voldemort. "At least you aren't a simpering fool," Voldemort said. "Though it would have made this endeavour far more enjoyable." The wolf howled one more, the noise painfully close. "I will say this before I leave; start running." Voldemort disappeared in a swirling mass of black smoke, leaving Draco completely alone. Draco wasn't a fool, nor was he one to give in easily. So he took the advice he was given and began to run just as another howl cut through the forest. It was one thing to be left in a forest alone and defenceless (he knew enough basic survival skills to be able to last a few days before he could be rescued), but it was another thing to be left in alone, defenceless, and with werewolf Fenrir Greyback hunting you down. He tried to conjure up all the information he knew about werewolves, which was limited considering he was in the hospital wing when they were learning about them in his third year. Draco knew with absolute certainty however that the only way a werewolf could turn another is to bite the witch/wizard or muggle in wolf form during a full moon. Judging by the howls, Draco was certain that Fenrir had indeed made his transformation and it was simply a matter of time before he caught up. Knowing that when Fenrir caught up to him it could go one of two ways; he could be turned or Fenrir could rip his throat out. Neither option was particularly pleasant, so Draco sped up as fast as he could go. His legs pumping furiously as he trampled the undergrowth. Ignoring the burn in his legs, Draco kept running, never looking back - a futile effort to escape. With each howl punctuating the air, he simply urged himself to move faster. With each branch that whipped mercilessly at his face and each stone that sliced into his feet, his determination grew. He'd met Fenrir Greyback before. He was a child then, only eight or so years old. Draco could still recall the man that was more beast than man – his nails filed into perfect talons, body covered in hair, and eyes so cold, so predatory he could tell that he was being sized for Greyback's next meal. Draco would have laughed at the irony of it all if he didn't have an all-consuming urge to make it out of this situation alive. Greyback was closer now, Draco could now distinctly hear the beast's footsteps heavy on the forest debris. He didn't let that deter him, instead, willing himself to go faster. A deep, rumbling growl came from behind him, the acrid stench of rotting meat filling the air. He was caught – hunted down like a rabbit for sport. Still, he ran, not ready to give up and a submit. He could feel teeth sink into his left arm and Draco was pulled down, his legs fell out beneath him and he landed on the ground with a heavy thud. The last thing he saw before passing out was a bloody muzzle and burning yellow eyes as the beast swiped it's claws down Draco's torso – eliciting a burning pain unlike ever he had felt before. AN: I know the werewolf AU has been done before so I hope I can bring something new to the table with this. The story is a work in progress and I currently have 12 chapters written. This story was spawn after I re-read the books over Christmas and the idea wouldn't leave me alone. Please review and I am looking for a beta so if someone wants the role please private message me.