Benson or Dennis Bishop, you can ask them, they'll tell you! She didn't either; you aren't taking either of us." Tom was frantic; he had jumped off the bed, grabbed Ivy's hand in the process and forced them both to back slowly away from Dumbledore and move towards the door of the room. "I am not from the asylum, I am a teacher and, if you will sit down calmly, I shall tell you about Hogwarts. Of course, if you would rather not come to the school, nobody will force you— "I'd like to see them try." Tom said viciously, Ivy's hand still firm in his grasp. He wouldn't let anyone take them away; he wouldn't let them try again. "Hogwarts is a school for people with special abilities…" "We aren't mad!" Tom practically screamed back. "I know you are not mad. Hogwarts is not a school for mad people. It is a school for magic." Dumbledore said calmly. For once in a long time, Tom was struck speechless. Slowly, he loosed his grip on Ivy's hand, turning slightly to catch her eye. She looked at him with the same look of confusion that he knew must he mirrored on his own face. He looked back to Dumbledore and stared at the man as if he could catch him lying. "Magic?" Tom said, hardly daring to speak the word. "That's right." "It's…it's magic, what we can do?" "What is it that you both can do?" The professor asked. "All sorts." Tom's emotions were going through a mad swing. He flushed slightly from excitement, walking swiftly to sit back down on the bed. Ivy followed, her violet eyes fixed on Dumbledore in the most unbelievable manner. Tom began to give the professor a run-down of all their experiments, trembling as he did so at the rush of possible discovery. "I knew I was different. I knew I was special. And when I met Ivy, I knew she was special too. Always, I knew there was something." "Well, you are quite right. You are a wizard. Ivy is a witch." "Are you a wizard too?" Ivy asked, her voice soft, speaking to Dumbledore for the first time. "Yes I am." "Prove it." Tom hissed, his defenses going up at the sound of Ivy's voice. She always knew how to get to the heart of the matter. "Tell the truth." "If, as I take it, you are accepting your places at Hogwarts…?" "Of course we are." Tom practically barked at the man. Dumbledore looked from Tom to Ivy, expecting an answer from her. "Of course." She echoed with not a second of hesitation. "Then you will address me as 'Professor' or 'sir'." Tom bit back a retort, quickly analyzing the odds of the situation. If this…Dumbledore person was speaking the truth, it could be their only chance to get out of this rat-hole, together. If not…Tom would only risk severe disappointment, but things would be the same. No harm would come to either of them. "I'm sorry, sir. I meant—please, Professor, could you show me—?" Then, to Tom's total surprise, the man drew a long piece of smoothed wood from his jacket pocket and promptly set his wardrobe on fire. Tom and Ivy both jumped to their feet, Tom's voice screaming with rage, Ivy's with shock. Though this was Tom's room, all of their collective belongings resided in it, including the money they had been saving, slowly and silently. Then, all at once, the flames were extinguished and not a mark to be seen present on the wardrobe. It was as if the entire thing had never happened. But it had, Tom was sure it had. And that proved it. The rest of the visit had finished in a whirlwind. It had amazed and frightened Tom that the Professor had known that the several other belongings in the wardrobe didn't belong to himself or to Ivy. The man had made it clear to Tom that they needed to be returned, and grudgingly he agreed to do so. Those little treasures didn't matter anymore; he and Ivy would be able to collect many greater and better ones where they were going. Before the Professor left, he had provided Ivy and Tom both with letters and a list of supplies needed before September 1st. He had also given both of them a large amount of what appeared to be solid gold wizard money and instructions how to shop for their books and other things. "I can help you both find everything—" "You are coming with us?" Tom had asked, annoyance threatening to break through his carefully blank expression. They didn't need him, they didn't need anyone. "Certainly, if you—" "We don't need you. I'm used to doing things for myself; I go around London on my own all the time. Ivy does too." "How do you get to this Diagon Alley, sir?" Ivy asked, her voice smoothing over all the excess emotions that Tom was feeling. Dumbledore had explained it quite clearly; Tom listened carefully, emotionlessly, but even so was unable to suppress the remark about how common his name was. "You dislike the name 'Tom'? "There are a lot of Toms". The future Lord Voldemort said. Hogwarts, Scotland, Present day Harry burst out of the pensive, his face alight with excitement and confusion. Dumbledore was already standing up, brushing himself off as he smiled encouragingly at Harry. "Professor…I don't understand." "Yes it is confusing Harry. After all the times you have encountered the followers of Lord Voldemort, have you once noticed the pretty little girl you saw in that memory?" "No, and forgive me sir…it looked like Riddle was…protecting her?" "Yes, he was always the type to be protective of the things he considered 'his'." "Sir…?" "You see Harry, when I said that there was more to Lord Voldemort than you had guessed, I mean that by watching his development we will see his greatest weakness." "What would that be, sir?" Dumbledore only smiled.