want to make a difference. This isn't a game Lily. Not for me, any more." There was a long silence in his vicinity. "Yes." Lily said at last. "Merlin and Morgana help me, yes." "Gentlemen." Severus glanced at Avery and Mulciber. "You heard the lady. If you wish to remain my friends, keep it in mind, please, even once I am gone from your company." Lily headed back to Gryffindor tower, after dinner, in something of a daze, wondering just why she'd said 'yes' in response to Severus' question? She felt almost as if she must have been confunded, but she hadn't noticed anyone raise a wand on her. The pressure of the situation with the sense of deadly earnestness she'd gotten off Sev had definitely been a contributing factor to her moment of madness, she decided. That and a sense she'd gotten from Sev that he'd been trying to push her away, so perversely she'd wanted to push back in the opposite direction to that which he'd been trying to shove her in. And what had that been about 'make a difference'? Was that some code for ' I want you to be a Death Eater with me '? God, she hoped not. It had been his eyes, she supposed. There had been an empty darkness in them, which scared her. She wanted to step in, and fill that void, in case something else wicked came by and made its home there, to the undoing of them all. She bumped into Remus in the Gryffindor common room, trying but failing to evade his new celebrity status. She drew him into a corner, said 'prefects' business' to the crowd by way of explanation, and put up a privacy charm. "Remus. Could you check I haven't been confunded or anything like that?" Lily requested of her fellow prefect. "I had the weirdest conversation with Sev over dessert." Remus pulled his wand out, murmured a quick spell, and studied her. At length he shook his head. "If anyone's tampered with what's in your head, Lily, they haven't used any magic I can find traces of. What did he want?" "Oh, just to say goodbye, and things. He's really not very happy with the way he's been treated." She embroidered the truth somewhat, keeping it away from the core of the conversation she'd had with him. "I feel pity for him." Remus said. "Pity he ended up in the wrong house, and pity he kept so stubbornly trying to fight four other students at the same time. Against those sort of odds, he was always going to be in trouble. I ask myself questions about some of the things we have done, but clearly, if the teachers had thought we were overstepping any boundaries, they would have corrected us years ago. I do not know that we hoped to push him to this, but perhaps it is the best result for all concerned." Remus looked troubled though, as if he doubted the truth of the words he'd just spoken… The teachers, Lily thought to herself. She'd assumed, like Remus, that the staff would have stopped things if they'd been going too far, but now a nagging suspicion was gnawing away at the back of her mind, of what if the teachers weren't perfect? Author Notes: (revised, March 2013) So what exactly is Severus playing at? In this alternate universe he has considered that his position (attempting to study at Hogwarts) is no longer worth the effort of trying to maintain, and he decides to get out of it, on his own terms, effectively making a strategic withdrawal. He's figured he can't beat the Marauders and Dumbledore when they control the rules of this game, and he's sick to death of being targeted by them, so the only winning move he can make is to simply stop playing their game. If he's no longer a student at Hogwarts, Dumbledore ceases to have the power to blackmail and control him as a headmaster. If he snaps his wand, Dumbledore can't threaten to have it broken, and if he can snap it to support his short-term goals of causing as much chaos for Dumbledore and the Marauders as possible as he leaves, that's just a bonus. He doesn't need a wand to brew potions anyway, and being young and arrogant Severus figures that he'll be able to master wandless magic, if he needs it, with relative ease. And he has plans. The plans of someone who's been pushed much too far, and doesn't give a fake knut about magical society in general. At the time of writing, I do not have any information on canon first names for Avery or Mulciber. For the purposes of this story I have assigned them the names John and Henry, respectively, on the basis that those have both been names used by English kings, so could be considered halfway respectable by the Wizarding world. Regarding Lily, she's been shocked by what happened by the lake, and might take actions which could be considered out of character, by canon standards, as a consequence. In the great hall at dinner, Severus put her under pressure for a yes/no answer, and in the end she made a snap decision, based on whatever her instincts were saying at that moment. And at the end of the chapter, she's trying to work out where that instinct might have been coming from, trying to rationalise her decision. And to some extent there was a certain amount of narrative convenience to her saying 'yes' since if any further instalments of this story are forthcoming, it was something which Severus had definitely not counted on. The Severus of this universe was certain from the way he'd seen their friendship deteriorating all year that she was just about ready to cut loose from him, and that he could execute his plans without a qualm. A potential long-term muggle-born girlfriend is something he hasn't factored into his plans at all.