child with her, as I desperately attempt to get her ice cream, my favourite. She is the child in the group, the one who doesn't want to mature, to grow up, the one that plays games like hide and seek, and just like a child her innocence of the horrors of the world, has stayed intact, and her ignorance is bliss. "Give me!" I groan at her, my eyes wide with joy, and my hair a tangled mess, from running in circles around her, attempting to get it, as Dom raises her noise at us, and complains about how it smells like 'bloody toothpaste' and 'what's the big deal anyways?' and Roxanne lectures her about the importance of mint chocolate chip ice cream, making up a dramatic story about the history of ice cream through the decades. And my eyes don't know where to focus, my hands hanging in the air reaching, and it is almost perfect, except I miss, the hands at my sides tickling my rib cage, making me laugh, and clutch my chest for air. I stop for a moment, I miss her, the last piece to our puzzle, and the light to my darkness, my best friend, the idiot I love so dearly, "Where's V?" Everyone stops, glancing around, eyes searching the group, and then the people in the crowd moving around us, "Huh." We are gasping for breath, and the smiles were temporary, "There she is!" Roxanne's voice is like the wind, fresh, soft, and happy again, her long arms waving madly above her head, as she gestures for her to come and join us, and I watch where her eyes are looking, and there she is, her head propped on Potter's shoulder, dark hair fanned across it, smiling at something they are saying, and I feel a monster inside me roar its head awake, jealous, and envy with green, I swallow the new emotion, "I'll go get her!" Dom grumbles, as she skips through the crowd, long hair swinging behind her, hands out reached to grab her, a grin planted on her lips. Jealous. Why? I watch her near them, grabbing onto V's arm and tugging her, and I watch them all laugh, as Potter wraps an arm around Dom's back pulling her into him and ruffling her hair, an adorable look of affection on his face. And there it is again, jealousy, not anger, but envy. But for who? I don't envy Potter for hugging his cousins, my friends, no, I envy my friends for hugging him. " Oh my god!" Roxanne raises an eyebrow at me, "What?" I glance down, looking at my scuffed shoes, cracked in a few places, and worn out, the pavement beneath, clean, and grey, with a few stained footprints of dust on it. I shake my head, "Nothing, just, just wondering what they see in him," Roxy giggles, and it is her turn to shake her head, "He isn't all bad" I smile again, and scoff; "Now you're making excuses for him? " "Noooo, just, he is, you know what, you are right, I have no idea what they see in him," "How about what you see in him?" She pretends to think, putting on a serious face, scrunching her eyebrows, And I wait in expecting silence, my lips upturned, After a long pause, "A bastard..." And I hit her on the arm, and push my way through the crowd, going to get the rest of my friends who were lost in the sea of people. "Look who I found!" I say with a raised eyebrow, and pursed mouth, V at least has the decency to give me a guilty look, and small smile, while Dom simply responds, "A beautiful veela, I know, count yourself lucky" As she gives a small twirl, tossing her hair, and eyes dancing. " Part veela, and no, I found disgusting deserters… Who will be punished accordingly," "Is that so?" His voice has a husky undertone that cuts through the air, and brings everyone's attention to him; he has a look of humour, as he tilts his jaw, and watches me with those eyes. Playful, poking fun at me and my empty threats and I dislike the way his tone challenges me. So I hold my ground, and nod, "Yes, it is so," I look away from him, tearing my eyes from his interesting face, "Now, are you coming?" James Potter cuts in again, "Veronica, you haven't introduced me to your quick tempered friend?" The question hangs in the air, and my suspicions earlier are confirmed, he doesn't know who I am. But I know who he is. And it upsets me, so I answer for her. "We have already been introduced, in 2nd year, and you weren't interested then, so there is no need to become interested now," "Interested in what?" The question hits me like a bullet, and I swallow, hard, not able to come up with an answer, without making assumptions. He watches my silence, and looks right through my angry face, and into my confusion. What had I meant? He ducks his head, and looks up at me, eyes narrowed, a knowing smile gracing his face, "Wait, did you mean, did you think, that I , was interested in you ?" And his friends laugh, patting him on the back and shaking their heads, Fred Weasley says "Good one mate," And I feel embarrassed, small, and I hate being small, so I do something I never thought I would do, I grab V's hand and with the other hand I flip the James Sirius Potter off. And it is my turn to toss my hair, flinging it over my shoulder as I stride away, ignoring what lies behind me, But his voice follows me, as he calls out, "I didn't catch your name?" I stop in my tracks, and I don't dare turn around, but I feel his eyes watch me, calculating my next move, "Rose, it's Rose."