mate and my submissive mate. He and I deaged ourselves to be the same age as our submissive. Thank you for healing him. Now, Narcissa will show you out." %%% LATER ON Severus opened his eyes and looked around. He immediately recognized that he was in the room he shared with his mates, and speaking of his mates, Riddle was in a nearby armchair and Harry was laying in his arms, both were sleeping. Severus smiled. His mates rescued him and stayed with him. As good as it felt to hold Harry, Severus wanted his dominant. He brought his right arm over to his left arm. He put a finger on his 'T' and sent a telepathic message to Riddle. Tom, I need you. Severus, are you all right? Yes, but I need you over here. I need your touch. Riddle carefully climbed into the bed and wrapped his arms around Severus, who visibly relaxed completely. "Tom, it was Albus. He-" "Shh, Severus. We'll talk about it in the morning. Just go back to sleep. You're safe. I won't let him hurt you again," Riddle whispered. Severus smiled and drifted off to sleep. Unbeknownest to either Riddle or Severus, Harry was feigning sleep and had heard the conversation. So Dumbledore had hurt his Severus. Harry frowned. 'He won't live to regret his folly.' As Harry drifted off to sleep, a plan started forming in his mind. The morning dawned bright, warm, and slightly unwelcome. Harry and Riddle woke first with Severus following shortly after. Seeing both of his mates awake, Severus started his tale. "I had apparated to Hogsmeade and was headed to Jigger's Potions. Before I could step foot into the store, I was stunned, and the next thing I knew I was in Albus's office. He questioned my decision to hand in my resignation. I told him I didn't want to teach anymore. He told me the Ministry would throw me in Azkaban for being a Death Eater if I didn't teach. I pulled up my left sleeve and said what can they prove without a mark? Albus narrowed his eyes, drew his wand, and cast finite incantatem at me. He obviously thought either I was under a spell or was an impostor, but he wasn't expecting for a glamour charm to end. He cast several non-verbal wandless cutting charms. I guess he was mad that he lost one of his pawns. "I'll make sure Dumbledore never gets his hands on you again," Riddle vowed. "I agree with Tom, and I've got a plan to ensure that it won't happen again," Harry said. Intrigued, his mates leaned forward and listened as he detailed his plan. %%% THAT AFTERNOON, HOGWARTS "Thank you for seeing me, Headmaster," Harry began. "Your letter was intriguing, my boy. You said that Voldemort had you under the Imperius Curse, but you've been able to throw off the curse before." "It was the strongest curse that I've ever been under," Harry insisted. "How did he get ahold of you?" "I was out buying gifts for my friends before going to visit The Burrow, and I was apparently stunned by a Death Eater and brought before Voldemort. He put the Imperius Curse on me and made me speak only in Parseltongue and made me stay by his side. I just recently threw off the curse and escaped the first chance I got." "You have certainly been through a lot, my boy. Lemon drop?" Harry clasped his left hand over his right forearm (behind his back) and said, "You're so fond of those. Maybe I will try one." The next second two apparation pops sounded, and next to Harry stood Riddle and Severus. Riddle narrowed his eyes at Dumbledore. "You hurt one of my mates! You will not live to regret this mistake!" Riddle drew his wand, but the next spell came from Harry's direction. "Stupefy!" Since Dumbledore wasn't expecting the spell from Harry's direction, he didn't have time to deflect it. They took the time to tie up Dumbledore, making sure his hands were bound both behind his back and tightly so he couldn't move them at all. Riddle pointed his wand at Dumbledore. "Enervate!" Dumbledore awoke and looked at the three wizards holding him hostage. "What is your plan, Tom?" "To bring forth an era of peace with my two mates at my side." As Riddle said this, he wrapped an arm around each of his mates' waists. Dumbledore waited for Harry to recoil, but when he didn't, Dumbledore glared at the bespectacled teenager. Harry, seeing the glare, grinned at the aged wizard. "Just figured it out, Headmaster? Tom never imperio'd me. I went over to his side willingly. Severus told me of your deception and the true prophecy. Now, it's time you pay for your deception and manipulations." "You won't kill me, Harry," Dumbledore stated, confidently. "You're right. I won't, but they will." Harry pointed to his mates, both of whom had their wands trained on the old wizard. "The time has come, Dumbledore. Together, Severus?" "Of course, Tom." "Avada kedavra!" Twin beams of green light shot out of the two wands and stuck the old wizard. The twinkle faded from the blue eyes, and Harry untied the body with a flick of his wand. "It's finally over," Riddle commented. "Dumbledore has fallen, and the era of peace has begun." Begun it had. The takeover of the Ministry was so smooth no one had noticed, and the Board of Governors (with a little prodding from Lucius) had taken an interest in the appointment of new teachers, especially DADA. McGonagall was the new Headmistress. She was upset about Dumbledore's death, but she had no clues to lead to the culprit. The portraits were no help either as they had been rendered temporarily blind and deaf since Harry had entered the office. The muggle world remained blissfully unaware of the changes in the magical world, and the Statute of Secrecy was as strong as ever. Fin