following week. As they ended the season with the most points, Falmouth had automatically advanced to the final while the other four top teams had to go through playoffs. "Right. Hastings has been on a downward spiral this season. The sooner he retires, the better, if the Arrows want a fighting chance next season. He didn't even play half the season since he was out injured. That reserve seeker they had was no better," Remus added. Daisy shrugged. "He's still got a bit of fight left in him. He managed to catch the snitch in that last game against the Bats," she said. "It's the Bats - they're last in League standings. Anyone can beat them," Alan retorted. "He's lucky the chasers were having a good season and that they had a decent reserves seeker. Without them, the Arrows probably would have been last. They saved his ass and he knows it." He glanced over at Jamie, who was quietly watching Daisy. Daisy nodded silently, thinking. He was right. While the Arrows had good chasers - Wright, Cunningham and Kelly had been playing five seasons together and were a well-oiled machine by now - they couldn't carry the weight all on their own. The team did have two of the better beaters in the league - they signed Kingfisher two years ago from an American team and Campbell was starting his seventh season with the Arrows and still strong. If it weren't for Hastings and the rookie keeper Malcolm Bray they brought in to replace Jamie mid-season, the team probably would have gotten a bit closer to the playoffs. Even then, Bray wasn't too bad, just a bit green. He was no Jamie, but when he was on point he defended the hoops well. The issue was that he was still rather inconsistent, despite doing about three years in reserves. There was also the fact that she was running out of time to show off her skills for the Scottish national team. "Don't worry," Jamie said, reading her mind. "You'll have enough time to prove yourself before the Quidditch World Cup. If not, you're still young enough to make the team in 2026." Daisy smiled her appreciation. "You do know Dad's got his heart set on all of us making it next summer," she said. "Pretty sure he's convinced he can coach Puddlemere and the Scottish national team at the same time, just so he can have us all on one team again." "Well, I suspect as long as we all make it on at some point, he'll be happy," Remus said. "To be honest, I think he's happy enough that we're all playing professionally. He's probably had a plan in the works for years to get us all on Puddlemere eventually," Alan said. Daisy sighed. "At least Mum's finally stopped apparating to the field," she said. "She stopped as soon as we joined the League," Remus said. "And thank Merlin. Doesn't look good to have your Mum showing up at practice," Alan said. "We are adults now." Daisy looked at him dubiously. "Barely," she commented. Alan glared at her. "Come now, she still sends the occasional Howler," Jamie said laughing. The practice was a well known fact among everyone in the League by this point. "At least she has the decency to start sending them here rather than the locker room," Remus said, the memory of his last Howler still fresh in his mind. Daisy giggled. She had had the pleasure of witnessing said Howler and their mother had unloaded a whole pile of muggle curse words on him. "Just wait until you get one, Pix," Alan said. Daisy rolled her eyes at their nickname for her. She had hoped once they all left Hogwarts they would cease with it, but apparently not. And the idea of her getting a Howler was preposterous. "I highly doubt that," she said. "We all know that I'm much cleverer about getting away with things than the three of you put together." Remus and Alan laughed heartily while Jamie smiled at her. "What?! I am! Who saved your sorry asses that summer you had too much firewhisky during the Puddlemere barbeque in between your sixth and seventh year and thought it was a good idea to set off fireworks on the quidditch pitch? You nearly burned it down." "She did get us out of a spot with that one," Jamie said, chuckling. "We would have figured something out just as good," Remus said grudgingly. "Not likely," Jamie said. "Helps I can hold my liquor better than you lot," she said with a smirk. "I was the only one with a clear enough head to think of something." "Care to test that out? If all goes well Friday, we'll be having celebration party here for Jamie," Alan said, grinning. Daisy rolled her eyes. "Seeing as we're hosting it, she won't be able to escape," Remus added. "Our little Pixie needs a proper welcome to the League." Daisy's eyes widened at the thought of what they would have in store. "Do I need to remind you that I'm just a reserve seeker?" she said. "Still counts," Alan and Remus said together. "Don't worry, Daisy. You could always handle whatever we've dished out," Jamie said, smiling his encouragement. The clock in the living room chimed the hour. Daisy looked at it. "Better get off. Don't want to be late," she said walking to her room to grab her new team bag and broom. She walked back into the living room where her brothers were still sitting. "Have a good day at practice, Pix!" Alan yelled. "Don't let the Arrows push you around," Jamie added. "We'll have all the bruise and sore muscle potions ready for you when you get back," Remus said, grinning. Daisy rolled her eyes and huffed. "See you lot later," she said before apparating. I had wanted to wait a bit before posting the first chapter but thought, why not? Hope you enjoy!