on -somewhat numb- legs "Arilisa, I require some aid if you would" he called softly, smiling as a bright flash of emerald light raced over the graveyard, fading to reveal a woman looking in her late 20's. White blouse and hufflepuff yellow ribbon around her neck with a grey sleeveless V neck jumper. Black skirt and black and hufflepuff yellow thigh high socks, tied together with simple boots, slytherin scarf and hufflepuff yellow headband. "This...is... not Hogwarts." Harry grinned at Arilisa as she looked over the graveyard before her eyes settled on the three men "what happened?" she asked, bringing her hand through her hair, As far as woman go Arilisa was rather beautiful, soft black hair, wide green eyes, pale skin, thin but nicely pink lips and a rather nice figure. As far as Demons go she was one of the more powerful ones, As far as demons with human habits go, she was mostly human. "Think you can save the rat? I got kidnapped by Voldemort and, well, we've made a deal but it hangs on the rat living" Harry grinned to his ancestor while Voldemort watched wide eyed... "sorta. actually i want the rat alive for Sirius" The kid had a bloody DEMON on call?! Arilisa hummed, moving closer, poking the dying man with her foot with a frown "I can but it's pulling it close, he probably won't live 2 years after this, so I do hope he's not important" she answered before letting her magic move around the man, pushing his blood back into his bloody and sealing the stump, letting her magic press into his heart forcing it to beat at a normal pace, letting her magic weave into his magical core to seal the cracks before withdrawing. Stepping back as he started to breathe -instantly turning back into whimpering and begging- before turning back towards Harry and walking up to him, letting her magic wash over the boy she'd placed in her care, healing all his cuts and removing the poison "I am wondering why you did not call me earlier Hadrian" "Sorry but, Voldemort seemed sane and I didn't want to set him off my calling you. Or set Wormtail off my calling you, you never know how some people will react" Harry shrugged before moving to give her a hug, Arilisa smiled, wrapping her arms around Harry in turn and settling her cheek on his head "Well, you did good not dying, I'm guessing you made a good deal with Voldemort letting you and your friends live?" "Yea, and Hogwarts being protected with her students" Harry replied happily "Very good Harry, you've done well, are you able to return to Hogwarts?" "Yea, the cup will probably take me back" "Very good, off you go then, I want to have a talk with Voldemort. I'll see you later" "Okay" Harry stepped away from her, giving both people a smile before moving back to the cup, once again activating the portkey "Who are you exactly?" Voldemort asked, watching the demon as Arilisa turned and smiled, setting her hands in the pockets of her skirt "Arilisa Le-fay Slytherin, at your service, or not, as I'm under Hadrian's service right now, technically." "Slytherin? Le-Fay?" Voldemort's eyes widened in surprise how? Was the unasked question "Little known fact about Demons, we're all humans before we're demons. I was the daughter of Morgan/Morgana Le-fay and Merlin Emrys. I later married Noel Slytherin and lived a rather happy life giving birth to a lovely son who went on to make a lovely family. If you're wondering why I'm helping Hadrian, since I am, proof being I didn't ask for anything in exchange for saving the rat. He's my descendant. And a small rule with demons is, if we come across descendants, or the descendants of known demons we help them. He knows who I am and I guess I'm the big sister he never had. Or, family he never had. Sweet child he is" Arilisa said, still smiling "if you're wondering no you two are not related via me, or closely at all, you are descended from Nathaniel Slytherin. Noel's younger brother. Sweet kid, till some stuff happened with some muggles then it all went downhill for him, gave the Slytherin family a bad name" "Fascinating, you're aware of your current family tree?" Voldemort asked, happily snapping out of his broken state for a chance of information on demons -they were rather rare after all, friendly ones more so. Finding a summoning ritual was a 50/50 chance of death. He'd found one during his hogwarts years but never tried it, perhaps Harry had found the same one?- "I did some research after Alexander passed Hadrian over to me, I actually have a few descendants in this time, though their bloods to weak to show any of my traits like parseltongue or any other creature speak. Though I believe Harry may get his full ability if I can take off his binds, I'm unsure. Bloods an odd thing to mess with, no one else with my Blood has parseltongue, though it may pop up again should two with it strong enough marry. Its around but dormant" Arilisa said "but, I have to go, I do have other clients. We may meet again. Probably will if you help Harry with his relatives. Should he ask please get him out of that house. I am rather worried about him there. But I can't do anything without alerting Dumbledore to my existence. And should anyone find out that Hadrian bonded with a demon, even an ancestor, it will cause quite the mess" Arilisa gave a small bow before spinning on her heel and disappearing in a puff of black smoke, leaving Voldemort still somewhat stunned of the events in the last hour. Shaking himself he filed away the event to go over later, turning to Wormtail he pressed his wand to the dark mark. It was time to call his death eaters.