Draco?" she mumbled. He didn't want to reply but after a few seconds of silence ,he said, "Where you're born, your mistakes in the past, whether you are brave enough or perhaps whether you are ready to listen to your heart and accept the consequences." Every answer from Draco astonished her more. He was so deep inside. Hermione looked at him and she could see a mild trail of sadness on his face. She walked closer to him, keeping the distance by a few inches and tried to look into his eyes. Draco sighed and turned his back toward her. "You can tell me what's bothering you. I won't judge or tell anyone. You don't have a bad heart, you know," Hermione whispered. "You want to be my friend?" he whispered too, not looking at her. The atmosphere inside the hut became intense at once. "Maybe. If you just, let me know you." "You know me ,Granger. Besides, why do you want to know? You don't even like me," he turned around and walked past her, toward the window. He punched the glass of the window aggressively but, thankfully it didn't break. "I didn't know you then, but I think I started to figure you out within less than two hours. You're not bad, are you?" She didn't wait for his reply and moved closer to him. Hermione had no idea what she was doing but Draco found it intimidating. She stood by his side and touched the other side of his face to made him look at her. "No, right?" she smiled. His face moved down toward her's. Their noses touched and she could feel his warm breath. Draco's hand was on her shoulder and she turned her face so her back was toward him. He touched her bare back lightly, as if she was made out of glass and she moaned, closing her eyes. Draco teased her by touching her bare back all over softly, causing her to feel ticklish and she flinched. His hands were now holding her arms. Standing behind Hermione, he gently nibbled her neck. The action sent ticklish chills down her spine. Draco was so close to her that her bare back could feel his body touching her's. She turned around and found him so close that another shiver went down her spine and rested her eyes on his face which was getting closer every second. Hermione could see the truth in his eyes, his regrets ;Draco, on the other side,felt that he could be himself for the first time ever in his life without pretending to be the mean Malfoy he displayed himself to be. He leaned over and kissed her softly. Once, twice and the third time his kiss was demanding, seeking entrance in her mouth. Thunders roared again and she gasped. Her lips parted and their tongues met. They kissed each other fervently. When they parted, she slowly brushed her lips across his cheek, nose and near his lips. He kissed her again and she responded slowly. When they were in need of air, they parted. She was nervous and walked nearer to the fireplace. He too, walked across the room and faced her. He put his hands on her shoulder and slid them down, feeling every inch of her arms and put them around her waist. Draco kissed Hermione on the frontal side of her neck. Hermione, who was breathing heavily, twisted herself around and her bare back was facing him again. He bit the intersection of her neck and shoulder, causing Hermione to titter softly. She swiftly walked towards a column and stood there holding it with both of her hands. He approached and continued kissing and biting on her neck and earlobes. Hermione flinched at the touches of his lips. She had never came across such feelings. She held his hand which was on her right shoulder and put it around her waist ,she touched his face with her left hand, not facing him. Touching her finger tips, Draco slowly slid his free hand down her armpit to her waist and softly caressed her stomach. Moaning out a sigh, she turned towards him and put her hands on his chest. He cupped her face kissed the front side of her neck and brushed his lips up to her cheek. Hermione was dazed, confused but she also wanted to be close to him. Both of them were completely mesmerized by each other. His kisses made her skin feel weak. Draco lifted Hermione in his arms and walked to the couch. Hermione draped her hands around his neck and he put her on the couch. Lying above on her, he pinned her hand above her head and put his other hand on her waist. Her free hand fell on the floor. They were close. Really close. Feeling each other from their hearts. Draco nibbled on her ears and cheeks. Hermione was shivering out of pleasure. He lifted his weight from her and took off her dress, touching every part her while undressing her. As the excitement rose, he pushed himself into her. She flinched and let out an anguished cry. Hermione clutched her fist and her chest heaved. She took heavy breaths. Draco kissed her lips softly to calm her down. He knew it was painful for her but he didn't want to let go of her. Continuing the kiss, he pushed himself in and out. Her anguished cries turned into the ones of pleasure. Soon, she felt an immense pleasure flooding her senses. He gave her a last kiss on her lips, moved faster and came in her. For a few minutes, they laid in the same position. He then removed himself off the top of her. He raised his hand to tuck her hair behind her ear, she snuggled up against him and his hand wrapped around her in the cozy couch. A smile curved on their lips in satisfaction and comfort. After a while, they dosed off.