plants and flowers calmed her. She breathed deeply, taking in their scent as a gentle wind blew, cooling her skin and bare feet. She wrapped her arms around her, feeling a slight chill seeping through the light nightgown that Oliver's mother had loaned her. Tomorrow she said she would take them to town and see about getting some clothes until they could manage to get back to Headquarters in London and retrieve her and Harry's things. Harry had said he was fairly certain the home had been left undisturbed and all her trunks were still in her room. "Trouble sleeping?" a voice said from behind her. Iris turned around and saw Oliver's father. She immediately felt nervous. "Yes… I suppose all that time asleep has left me over rested," she said softly. He walked towards her and stood next to her. He took a deep breath. "This place also gives me peace as well," he said. Iris nodded and looked around. She saw the highlands spread beyond the garden. Above was a clear sky full of stars. "I've always wanted to see this place," she said. "I read these muggle novels and they made Scotland sound beautiful. Being here, I realize they didn't do them justice. It's simply breathtaking." The two stood silent for a few moments. "Iris I…," Mr. Wood started. Iris looked at him, biting her lower lip. "Thank you," he said finally. He looked over at her. "You saved Oliver." Iris looked down at the ground. "I put him in danger. I… because of me he had leave you and go into hiding," she said. "Knowing Oliver, he would have put himself in enough danger on his own. He had joined the Order, after all. You were there and saved him when he needed it," Mr. Wood said. He looked over at Iris. "You saved a fair bit of folks, I'd say." Iris looked up at the sky and took a deep breath. "Mr. Wood, all I ever wanted was a family. A place to belong. To not hide or look over my shoulder all the time. Oliver… he knows my past. He knows… everything. But even before that all he did was show me kindness and accepted me, secrets, dark past and all. He helped me discover a strength that I never knew I had… Really I should be thanking him," she said. Mr. Wood took a deep breath. "Well, first of all, it's Alan. Mr. Wood is too formal," he said with a small smile. Iris looked at him. "And you'll always have a place here. With us." Iris tried to swallow back tears, but found she couldn't and let them flow freely down her cheeks. "Both you and Harry. My wife and I, we're beholden to you for saving our son and making him so happy." She smiled and wrapped her arms around herself again. "Thank you," she said softly. "Honestly, we thought all he cared about was Quidditch," Alan said with a small laugh. Iris found herself laughing as well. "I take it you've heard a fair amount of that talk from him?" She nodded. "But more than that. We've talked about many things. He told me about how much he loved his home," she said. Alan puffed up his chest a bit. "As he should," he responded. He looked over at Iris and placed his hand on her shoulder. "I can see it in his eyes. lass, he loves you. And I can see in yours, you feel the same." Iris nodded. "I do… but so much has happened… I'm, I'm worried about where we go from here," she admitted. Alan took a deep breath. "It's not going to be easy. You both have your burdens. But… though I just met you this night, I think… You've strength enough. Both of you. Oliver is gonna need you now. Just as you're gonna need him," he said. Iris nodded, wiping her face. "But there's also Harry," she said. Alan laughed. "That's the thing about family… there's always room for more," he said. He squeezed her shoulder one more time and let go. "You'll figure it out." After their talk, Iris made her way back upstairs and gently climbed back into bed. She looked over at Oliver, who stirred and popped one eye open. "Go somewhere?" he murmured as he wrapped his arm around her and pulled her closer. Since they had reunited, Iris had noticed he was always finding some way to touch her. As if she would disappear again if he wasn't touching her at all times. "I couldn't sleep so I went out for some fresh air," she said. "Ran into your father." "Mmm? Have a nice chat?" he asked. Iris nodded. Oliver looked at her and gently caressed her cheek. "Part of me still can't believe you're here," he said. "Me neither," she said. "So much has happened. So much has changed," she said. "I… I'm worried." Oliver nodded, smiling sadly. "Aye, that's true. But we have each other. And Harry. And my parents and the Weasleys. We'll figure it out. We have time enough," he said. Iris nodded. She could see in his eyes a deep sadness. The past year had aged him. Where once was the young, fresh face of a hopeful Quidditch player, now there was a man who had escaped death many times over. Who had seen his friends die. Who had lost so much. But at the same time, she could see a small glimmer of hope. A hope that they could move on from this. Iris would ask him about the last year. But not tonight. Tonight she would let him rest. She leaned over and kissed him gently. "We'll figure it out. But for now, rest," she said. Oliver nodded and settled back into his pillow. He pulled Iris closer. Within minutes he was breathing deeply, sound asleep. Iris watched him for awhile, still unable to sleep herself. But finally sleep, claimed her.