to get out, do something-" I nodded. I understood. "Go on. Harry will be home soon." I looked at the older woman whose hair was black and straight now and took the hand she held out. We squeezed and held for a moment and then Tonks went back to siphoning the blood from the grounds. I looked around at the hilly field we'd tracked the Death Eaters to and knew that in a few hours time, it would look just as it had when the sun had begun to fall all those hours ago. I closed my eyes, thought of the Burrow where I knew the others would be, and turned on the spot. The sucking sensation of Apparition stole over me and I landed on my feet in the kitchen where Molly was nursing a cup of tea which, I figured, was probably amply doused with Ogden's. She stood immediately with a strangled sound and embraced me tightly. I held her for a minute before pressing her back into her chair. I quickly conjured a handkerchief and handed it to her so she could blow her nose and wipe her eyes. "Oh, Hermione, you should be in bed, dear. If I had known you were still out-" She really must be in a state, I thought. For her not to know where each of her children were, blood or not, meant she was completely off her rocker. "Mrs. Weasley, why don't you go to bed too?" "No, no, I'll stay up and wait for Harry," she brushed me off. I stepped forward and put my hand on her shoulder. "He'll come back," I told her, more conviction in my voice than I felt. I had to believe it. There was no other choice. Mrs. Weasley said nothing but placed her chubby hand on top of mine and dug in, tears streaming silently down her face. I looked away. I stood there a long time and the two of us watched the sun rise weakly in the late November sky. It hung there, bobbing in the mist, burning my eyes, but I never looked away. When the sound of Apparition sounded in the living room we both jumped and I turned to look, my vision obscured by a large black spot created by the destruction of my corneas. I tore through the kitchen door and barreled into him. I didn't have to look, didn;t have to see to know it was him. I could feel it. When he hugged me back I heaved a sigh of relief. "Are you alright? Should we take you to St. Mungo's?" I asked, stepping back and wishing that darned spot would go away so I could look at him properly. "No, I'm alright." His voice was barely above a whisper. "Harry?" Mrs. Weasley choked out as she ran in behind me. I moved aside to allow her to greet him. She fussed and she cried and she patted him down, checking for bruises. I wondered if she could see that dang black spot that followed my vision everywhere. As it shrank I could see the wariness in Harry's gaunt features and did us both a favor by Stunning Mrs. Weasley and Levitating her to the couch. Harry opened his mouth to thank me but I waved him off. I didn't need it. I couldn't stop looking at him. Even though I always keep hope, a part of me dies every time my best friend is in peril and every time I wonder if he'll come back, if he'll make it through. Or if one day it will be too much and I'll have to live a life without him. It was too much to think about, which was why I didn't. I couldn't. "Ginny is at St. Mungo's, but she's fine. I'm sure she can come now, if you'd like." But Harry shook his head and my brows constricted in confusion at the look he was giving me. "Not now, Hermione. I just need you tonight. And Ron. I just need us to be together. Is that alright?" I nodded, my heart twisting. "Of course it's alright. Come on, come to bed." I held out my hand, which he took, and started forward, but Harry stood still rooted to the spot, clutching my appendage. I turned to him to see the tears threatening to escape behind broken glasses, his dirty, jet black hair all over. My heart ached quietly as he broke down, wailing right there in the middle of the Weasley's living room. He grabbed me hard and held me tight, like I was some sort of rag doll a scared young girl might cling to in the middle of the night when the monsters would creep out from under her bed. But Harry's monsters were real, and they were more than I would ever understand. So I let him lean on me, his full weight pressing me into the ground until my knees buckled. I nearly brought the both of us to the floor but hands came out and took Harry's weight from me. Ron transferred our sobbing friend to his arms and held him close, fat tears rolling down his own face. It was the most sentimental I could ever remember seeing him. His eyes were closed and he was saying something to Harry, something I couldn't hear. I gave them their time, two best friends who needed each other without the judgment of others. Finally, Ron got Harry to calm down enough to lug him up the steep stairs and I tucked a throw blanket around Mrs. Weasley's sleeping form and followed them. The three of us lay down, unashamed to be sleeping side by side, and Harry drifted off quickly, Ron following suit not long after. But as I raked my fingers through Harry's oily hair, my mind could only think back to that blonde haired boy who I'd left to the mercy of our side. ... XOXO RynStar15