be over so she could check on him. She had reservations about the dream he'd had, sure it was Voldemort luring him into a trap. But she agreed to watch his back while he checked everything out at Headquarters. Wand at the ready, she was still caught unprepared when the door banged open and she was thrown against the wall, the back of her head smacking against stone so that stars burst in front of her eyes. Pushing herself to a sitting position she tried to call out to Harry to warn him but her mouth was covered by a beefy hand and she was dragged to her feet, struggling as she watched Umbridge yank Harry's head out of the fire by his hair. She could hear the two of them fighting but as she was shoved roughly against the wall she caught two grey eyes across the room and her heart stopped. "-you foolish boy. Take his wand," she heard Umbridge say and watched him rip Harry's wand from his limp hand, his body bowed back excruciatingly low. "Hers too." She tried to fight Millicent off but it was no use, the girl was much larger than she and her wand was wrested from her easily. She looked back up at him where he was leaning against the window sill, twirling Harry's wand in the air, smirking. She didn't allow herself to think about the sting of his betrayal until much later as she lay in the hospital wing in more pain than she'd ever felt in her life. She'd been too busy fighting for their lives to really let it sink in. She could still see him silhouetted against the setting sun, could see the triumph gleaming in his eyes. How could he do this to her? She had thought they'd had…something. Certainly there was something . Why else would he have singled her out like this? She wasn't naive enough to think she was his only… encounter , and certainly not anything more than that…but had it meant nothing? All of their sneaking around, stolen glances…was it just a game for him? One thing was for certain: she was never going to see him again. She had learned her lesson, a hard one, but she had learned. She would not be fooled again. Men like him only wanted one thing. He'd probably had a real laugh about it with his Slytherin mates and her face burned with humiliation, tears of pain, physical and emotional, drenching her pillow. She looked at Ron snoring quietly on the bed next to her, the bandages hiding the deep welts she'd seen earlier that day when she'd first come around, disoriented and scared. But he had calmed her, explained what had happened, even sat next to her and patted her hand awkwardly when her eyes welled up with the news of Sirius. He had been full of concern for her, telling her how they'd all thought she was done for. Her heart had squeezed at his words and she knew. He was the man she should be thinking about. Who cared about him when she had someone as sweet and wonderful as Ron who obviously cared for her? He wasn't half the man Ron was and she was stupid to waste her tears on him. She sucked in a painful breath as she rolled onto her back and nearly screamed when she saw a dark figure looming over her. She watched as he put a finger to his lips and anger boiled inside her. " You!" she hissed. "How dare you-" "I had to see you." "Get out of here," she growled, shaking with rage at his audacity. "You have no right-" "I know. But there are things you don't understand-" "You're right. I don't understand how you are still here. Get away from me." "I will. You just have to answer one thing for me." "I don't have to answer anything, especially for you. If you don't leave this second I will call Madam Pomfrey-" "And I will just come right back. All you have to do is answer one question for me, honestly, and you will never see me again outside of the classroom." She contemplated his proposal. What could it hurt? With a quick glance to ensure Ron was still sleeping soundly, she ground her teeth. "I answer this question and you will leave me and my friends alone?" "Answer it honestly and I will never seek you out, never contact you, never look your way again." Good enough for her. "Fine. What is it?" "You felt something when you kissed me, didn't you?" Ron snorted and shifted just then but he never took his eyes off her. She stared up into his shadowy face and steeled herself. He had sold her and her friends out, nearly gotten them all killed. Ron, despite all his faults, would never do that. He had stood by Harry, never complained when he was shunned aside even though she could see the pain in his eyes. He was loyal, caring, brave. Everything this vile snake wasn't. "No," she lied, watching his eyes flame. "Now leave." He stood there a moment longer, his face hard, before turning on his expensive heel and striding out of the infirmary. The day she left the hospital wing she was walking up to Gryffindor Tower alone, the halls eerily quiet as the students took advantage of the sunny grounds. Her heart sat heavy in her chest with the knowledge that everything had changed, irrevocably. The world knew Voldemort was back and the war was on. Nothing would be as it was. Their young lives were about to get a rough shove into maturity. She strolled to her bed, her brow furrowed when she saw a folded piece of parchment lying on her pillow. Looking around to ensure everything else was untouched she picked it up and opened it, her heart clenching. Should have been honest. XXXXXXXX XOXO RynStar15