arm, my head snapping between them, finally locking on my mentor whose eyes were on me. A moment passed as we looked at each other and I knew he was doing this for me. He had always done everything for me, sacrificed everything. There was so much I wanted to say- " Avada Kedavra! " And just like that, Severus Snape crumpled to the floor. I didn't even have time to cry out as pain ripped through me, my chest breaking open. Then a darkness such as I'd never felt raced through my veins, ice cold and overwhelming, and power …power such as should never exist flooded over me, into me, ripping the breath from my lungs. When I opened my eyes I was on all fours, my body suddenly light and tingling. I felt strength…such strength my body could barely contain it. "Well, Draco?" I stood, looking down at my hands, which looked just as they had before, and up to the Dark Lord. I raised them and lightning crackled through the room, wind and light shattering glass and exploding bookshelves while the Dark Lord laughed, high, cold, and penetrating, a laugh which cut through my soul, a soul that was now no longer mine. From that day on I left the Dark Lord's side only to sleep. As I found it difficult to contain my newfound power he helped me practice honing it every day. I was at his right side everywhere he went, except when he left. I was not to leave the Malfoy Manor until I could be trusted not to burst out in random fits of magic like an inexperienced eight-year-old. My father had been in tears of gratitude to be back in the Dark Lord's good grace. My mother had been still as stone and wouldn't meet my eye. As for me…I couldn't look in a mirror. I could feel this…evil…inside me. This blackness that I couldn't describe. I felt dirty and took multiple showers a day as if I could scrub it off. What had I done? I had to close off my thoughts now more than ever, terrified I could be read like a book at the Dark Lord's leisure. I had no idea how I could fix this. Not only had I assisted the Dark Lord in becoming stronger, but I now had no idea how to get to the Order without Snape. Even if I did somehow manage to find them, they would never trust me, and how could they when a piece of the Dark Lord's soul was inside me? The Dark Lord came to me on crisp morning in November and asked me if I was ready. Could I wield the powers I was given, could I follow him onto the battlefield and show them all our invincibility? And the only thought in my head had been of Hermione. She would be there. I knew it. I had to protect her. There was no other choice So we went to a muddy hillside where a group of Muggle-borns had been hiding out and we decimated them. The Order came, as we knew they would, and we battled. I found I could hold off any person with the slightest of ease, my wand suddenly performing spells I hardly recognized. I tried to get away, to find someone, anyone, who could help me, but the Dark Lord kept an irritatingly close eye on me. I watched as fellow classmates dueled the men and women whom I had grown to know, to hate as much as myself. I itched to join them, to show them that I, too, would do anything to be rid of them, but the Dark Lord's eyes were on me at all times, preventing my escape. Until Potter scuttled across his path. The Dark Lord's voice rang through me. Get back to the Manor, I have the boy. Then he grabbed Potter and disappeared in a whirl of cloak. I was alone. My time had come at last, Snape's words ringing in my ears: "You know what is right, Draco. And you know this is not. Nothing good can come of the Dark Lord's reign. Set aside your prejudice; forget everything you've ever learned from your father. Trust your instincts." Trust my instincts. I looked to my right and as if in slow motion I watched my father come into view, dueling two Order members at once, his blonde hair whipping around his face. That blonde hair he had passed down to me. His hair, his eyes, his jaw. His cunning. His need for power. His ruthlessness. I was more like him than I cared to admit. But I had gained something from him he'd never considered. I'd gained his determination. I would do anything for what I wanted. And this…this is not what I wanted. I struck out and never looked back, searching for that thing I wanted above all else. I was hit in the back with a stray Impediment Jinx and sprawled on the icy ground. Before the stars had stopped dancing across my vision I rolled over and stared straight into the bright brown eyes of everything I'd been searching for. I'd already made my choice before she gave it to me. She was it. She was always it. Out of all of my regrets, choosing Hermione was never one. Never. Despite the pain it caused me to let her go, the joy she had given me in my last months were more than I could have ever deserved. She gave me the strength to do what I had to do now. I smiled at the thought of beautiful brown eyes and quickened my steps towards the Great Hall. … A/N: Welcome back, my lovely readers! I hope you are enjoying Draco's POV. We'll be wrapping up all of our unanswered questions here in the next few chapters so sit back, enjoy the ride, and let me know what you think! XOXO RynStar15