a rare and special person who could so perfectly fulfill a woman's sexual needs, and clearly, Malfoy was that man for her. Merlin, had he made her body sing! She'd never come so hard in her life - and twice in one session! She'd never done that, either. You're one step out of the boat already, Hermione. Why not just jump in with both feet? Thinking like that would only lead her somewhere ruinous, she knew. A man with that kind of power over her sensuality would be dangerous to her emotions, too. Besides, she was married, and had taken vows to try even in the face of hardship. And she had nosy, meddling friends, too, who had made it clear where their loyalties would lie in any split between her and Ron. No, she was stuck in the boat, for better or worse, so it was time to draw her foot out of the exciting sea and row it firmly back to shore, where it ultimately belonged. Shagging Draco Malfoy could be no more than a one-off mistake. As he turned and bent to retrieve his clothes from the worn, wooden floor, she gingerly sat up, wrapped her arms around her breasts to cover them, and closed her legs to protect what little modesty she had left. "That girl... she doesn't exist anymore," she told him. It wasn't something she was proud to admit, but it was the truth. For the last two years, she hadn't much felt like the lioness she'd been as a teenager. Adult life, post-war had whittled away her daring and bravery. Sliding his black trousers up and over his hips, Draco turned to argue with her, but abruptly stopped as he caught her gaze skim down his perfectly chiseled, pale body to that part of him she now craved so intensely. He was semi-erect, heavy and thick against his inner thigh, and the sight of him in such a state made her throat close and her heart suddenly pound. She squeezed her legs together, very aware in that moment of his thick, warm cream inside her, keeping her slick and ready for another round. Good Lord, she wanted him again. How was that possible? Shouldn't she have already had her fill? As if reading her mind, her lover gripped his cock and began a slow stroke that had it growing hard again in seconds. Embarrassed by the obscene little whimpers coming from her throat, she bit her bottom lip, hoping that would stave off the desire to beg him to fuck her again. She cupped a hand over her pussy and rocked back and forth on the creaky table to alleviate the renewing ache growing there. "Please," she whispered again, closing her eyes and praying he'd just go and leave her be. It was sheer torture wondering how it would feel to wrap her lips around that magnificent length and suck, how he would taste sliding down her throat, how he would look as he watched her pleasure him. "You want it again?" he asked, his voice all the more wicked for its low, lulling cadence. Through the fringe of her lashes, she glanced at him. "We can't. It's wrong." His smirk was a naughty slash across his charming face. "When has that ever stopped either of us before?" Dark mischief simmered in his gaze as he dared her to take up his challenge once more. It was surprising to see him so open and playful. Normally, Draco Malfoy was a cold, impenetrable man to the rest of the world, much like his deceased godfather, Severus Snape. Over the last two years, however, he'd slowly thawed where she was concerned. Truly, there was something beautiful and heady about witnessing the melting of his icy heart over that time. Now he was all burning fire and storm-tossed clouds, and she feared she lacked the strength not to be tossed about by his tempest. To her great disappointment, however, he re-zipped and re-buttoned his trousers after only a few swipes of his fingers, and he buckled his belt back into place with some measure of finality. Retrieving his dark blue, silken shirt next, he buttoned it back up, hiding the rest of his beautiful body from view. He slipped his fancy, expensive-looking leather shoes back on and silently Accio 'd his wand to his hand from where it lay on the floor. When he was done, he stalked back over to her, leaning his hands once more against the desk on either side of her nude form. His eyes roamed her from top to bottom, lingering over his favourite parts, and then they settled on her lips. "We're going to do this again, Granger," he told her with a lazy, satisfied smile, supremely confident in that conclusion. He leaned his mouth against her left ear, letting his warm breath steal over her sensitive skin and whispered, "I'm going to fuck you so much, love, and I'm going to fill you with my come every time. And eventually, when I'm soaked into every ounce of your skin… then you'll leave him." He pressed a soft kiss to her lobe, another over her thrumming pulse point, one under her jaw, and the final kiss across her lips before pulling away. Hermione had remained perfectly still, refusing to give into the compulsion to melt against him, but when he met her eye, and his smile widened with wicked amusement, she knew she was lost. Her body trembled with renewed need and answered to the heat in his grey gaze. He was right. She'd never be able to resist doing this with him again. This would destroy what was left of her marriage… and her friendships. Satisfied that he'd won her capitulation at long last, Draco straightened up, turned, and walked away without a word, leaving her at emotional ground zero to clean up the mess that their clandestine liaison had left behind. TO BE CONTINUED... Author's Notes: Please review!