Bellatrix Lestrange-y. Who can blame her, though? Five minutes in Potter's presence and all her hard-fought resentment is back and burning through her brain like Fiendfyre, rattling her lips loose like a Hufflepuff on too many pain potions. "It's your fucking stag party , Potter! What part of 'hired stripper' don't you get?" He goes very still. "Wait, you think-?" But she's on a roll now, and nothing's stopping this train from barreling out of the station and jumping track. Too many years of abuse, of repression has made her a volcano of spite and she's boiling over. "You think taking this job was on the top of my things to do in this lifetime?" she screams at him. "Like I just randomly accepted such demeaning work, because I'm some bored sophisticate rebelling against my dead, disgraced parents?" She points to the group on the other side of the sliding glass door. "You think stripping down in a room full of men I knew back in school, who hated me then and who laugh at how far I've fallen now, was a cake-walk for me? You think it was easy for me to dance for you, knowing on Sunday you're marrying the girl you went back to seven years ago after walking out my door?" She stamped her heeled foot and snarled at him. "Here's the news flash, Harry James Potter: no, none of it was easy and this wasn't my idea of a fun Friday night!" "Pansy-" "And here's the real kicker," she says, gripping her chest with that same dooming sense of inevitability that she's become so familiar with over the years. This time is going to hurt, too. "I know it's my fault. I told you to go and you did. We were both too broken after the war, but the world wouldn't leave us alone for five fucking minutes to figure any of it out. They hounded you and harassed me, to the point where we were sneaking around, lying to everyone. We were drinking too much, doing potions to dull the memories, using sex as a way out of the darkness… I know you thought it wasn't right, I know it was killing you to be so…so…Slytherin. And I loved you too much to keep destroying you with my pain." She glances up at him and feels the curtain fall away, feels the arrow take its mark. "But you're Gryffindor. I didn't think… I didn't expect... You weren't supposed to give up! You never did before, but you did! You gave me up so easily, and you went back to her , that freckly, tomboyish ginger!" Harry looks down at her with the kind of boyish, dawning, soft understanding that melts female hearts. "Pans, I never went back to Ginny," he tells her. "I never really got over you either. It's why my life is nothing but work." Her jaw drops, giving her an instant and acute case of TMJ. "After we broke up, I threw myself into my job at the Ministry, capturing Death Eaters and Snatchers—the people who had terrified you during the war. I thought that if they were gone, maybe you could finally find some peace. Maybe then someday…you and me…" Oh, well, that explains why he's so buff. …And while her ex-lover was out saving the world for her, what the hell has she been doing? "Why, you've been throwing yourself a nice pity party, Pansy." Her fucking bitch mother, always right! "Pansy, listen to me," Harry tells her, gently tucking a loose strand of dark hair back behind her ear. "This isn't my stag party. It's Ron's." It takes a moment, but then...it clicks. "You've got to be joking! " she groans, understanding that she's totally made another mess of things by assuming all wrong thing, again. She throws herself at the glass window, and cupping her hands around her eyes to block out the city lights to see better through it, she notes Daphne and Millie and Tracey…all her best girls are congregated around the Weasel King in the centre of the room, tearing up the dance floor with him. "He…he…he said it was for you! That he wanted me for you , tonight. To kiss off your bachelorhood." Harry laughs and shakes his head. "That idiot," he says rather fondly. With a sigh, he turns to her and takes her in his arms. Too confounded to know what to think or how to feel, Pansy does not put up a fight for once. Besides, Potter is warm and it is rather cold outside. "Pans, I'm not seeing anyone. Technically, I am a bachelor." She turns to look back through the glass at Weasley. "That bloody lion-weasel outsmarted me!" "Technically, he outsmarted us both," Harry says, cupping her jaw and forcing her to look at him. "He is a champion chess player on the circuit, though. It's why Hermione's marrying him, after all." His thumb rubs over her bottom lip then and Pansy's sure he's smudging the colour. Oddly, she doesn't seem to care, not when he's looking at her mouth as if he hungrily wants to ruin its perfection in other ways. "Well, for that and his generosity. Giving me a present, when he's the one getting married… Typical Ron." "Y-you have some nice friends," she whispers as he dips his head to kiss her. "They're the best," Potter agrees as he captures her lips in a kiss that steals Pansy's breath. She takes the hit this time, and although it's not without fear, it isn't the devastating blow she's expected. In fact, this time, it feels like Cupid's arrow has finally hit its mark. ~FIN~ Author's Final Notes: It's short, but that was one of the requirements. I did the best I could with the word count allowed. It was fun writing this couple, as they're one of my go-to ships. Hope you enjoyed it! Please review, if you would be so kind! XOXO, - RZZMG