arms crossed over her chest and stared him down. "Have you been spying on us?" "Not at all. I am not the Severus Snape that you are familiar with, Hermione." He held up his left hand. "You see I am from a different time line. One in which you were unable to avoid me at the conference and I saw you, pregnant and beautiful and realized how much of a fool I was and how very much in love with you I am." "Tell me everything." And so he did. Severus Snape, from a different timeline, told this Hermione everything about their lives together and how MG had come into their care. Hermione had laughed at the nickname that her daughter had suggested and just shook her head. The two of them spent several hours talking and discussing the various differences in their lives since they weren't together. "Hermione, I know this will be hard for you, and I know I don't deserve you, but please, go to Severus and tell him, let him meet her. I promise you he is doing not better without you than you are without him." Severus said as he stood. "I have to get back to my own timeline and to my wife and little girl. Tell MG that I said goodbye. Remember, Hermione, I love you. Give him a chance to show it." Hermione smiled and nodded. "Thank you, for bringing her home." With a nod, Severus walked back out into the garden and with a loud CRACK! was gone. He landed in his entry way, dizzy and slightly disoriented but otherwise fine. It didn't take long before his wife was in his arms sobbing and asking what had taken him so long. He hushed her running his fingers through her hair and holding her to him. Grateful to whatever deities were listening that he had found her that day. He slid down the door, taking her with him and letting his own tears fall into her hair. They were joined moments later by Mary who pushed her way between them and snuggled into both of her parents. Hermione stood, staring up at the castle that she hadn't seen since Severus got released from St. Mungos, right after she had helped him move back to Hogwarts upon his release. The day that they had conceived Mary. The day before he had told her he didn't need her anymore and she had no reason to come around anymore. She was pulled from these thoughts by the voice of her daughter. "Mommy, who's that lady?" Mary whisperd. "Professor McGonagall. It is wonderful to see you again," the mother whispered as the Headmistress opened the gate and hugged her. "It has been far too long, Hermione. Where have you been? And who is this young lady?" Minerva asked. "This is my daughter, Mary. Mary, this is Professor McGonagall. She is your father's boss." It was at this news that Minerva's eyes snapped to Hermione, then back to Mary. She took in the young girl's dark eyes, and her long, straight, black hair. "Severus?" she whispered, looking to the brunette for confirmation. "Yes." "Does he know?" "No. That's why we are here. I will tell you everything but first, please, I need to see him." Minerva nodded and let the young woman and her daughter pass by her. "It was nice to meet you, Professor!" Mary waved as they walked away. The knock on his door startled the snarling potions master as he looked down at the stack of essays that he was attempting to grade. "Enter!" He barked and heard the door open. What he wasn't expecting was to see the woman who had plagued his dreams and nightmares for almost seven years, a child in tow behind her. "Hello, Severus. It is nice to see you again." She whispered. He could read the caution and fear in her face. She was afraid of him, and he hated himself for it. "Is she...is she mine?" he whispered. "Yes." "Why didn't you tell me?" He looked at her and stood, making his way around the desk to kneel in front of the little girl, taking her hands in his and looking her over. "Hermione, why didn't you tell me you were pregnant. At the conference, I knew you were there, I looked for you, why-" "You told me not to come back, that I didn't have a reason to come around anymore. I took that to mean that you didn't want to see me." Hermione said as she leaned against one of the desks in the room. "I wanted to see you. Everyday I wished that you would walk through that door." Severus stood, keeping ahold of his child's hand. "I was giving you a way out, so that you wouldn't feel forced to spend time with me. I didn't want you saddled with an old Death Eater like me." "I wanted you. I don't care about your past or your age, Severus. I never did. I only wanted you. The five months at St. Mungos, helping you, were the best of my life. I fell in love with you, and the day you sent me away shattered me, but please, even if you can't bring yourself to be with me, don't turn her away." Hermione whispered to him. "What's her name?" "My name is Mary and you are my Daddy, My other daddy, with the other Mommy and Mary said so." The young girl piped up, finally tired of being ignored. The look on Severus's face was enough to make Hermione laugh. The potions professor stared at her in wonder. "I won't leave either of you," he declared before hauling her against him and pressing his lips against hers, kissing her within an inch of her life. They didn't pull away until the need for air became too much to ignore. "I love you, Hermione. I have always loved you." "I love you too, Sev. Always."