made a statement (with a matching proud photograph of his wedding ring) that he is a blessed and lucky wizard for being already taken by an amazing witch. Speculations of who this witch is became a subject of gossip throughout the years, all pureblood eligible females were brought into topic but all were crossed off the list one way or another. Eventually, the press gave up on bringing up names but still kept asking the intriguing question of the new Lady Malfoy's identity. Today, after 12 years of being in exile, Mr. Malfoy, together with his family wanted to present his wife in the most fashionable and ostentatious way possible, The Malfoy flair as he proudly calls it. Now we have the answers to why Hermione Granger, a muggleborn witch is the most favourable choice as the new Lady Malfoy matriarch. She is the brightest witch of her age. Headmistress Minerva Mcgonagall deemed her favourite student as the brightest witch of her age, probably even rivalling Rowena Ravenclaw, one of the founders of Hogwarts. This is the highest compliment Minerva has given to anyone and professors agree with their superior that Lady Malfoy has shown outstanding aptitude on the academic and practical aspects of her magical studies. She is extremely proficient in Charms and Transfiguration aside from being a Runes expert. During her N.E.W.T. exams, she has garnered the highest grade ever recorded in history. During the war, she has also shown great aptitude on Defense Against the Dark Arts and became a seasoned dueller. She is the brains of the Golden Trio Known as 1/3 of the Golden Trio that defeated Voldemort, Lady Malfoy became a vital member of the Order by contributing her knowledge in devising plans and strategies to counter the enemy as well as keeping her friends from getting killed during their battle against the Dark Lord. Using potions, charms and spells amassed from her wide reading and skill in executing them, Hermione Malfoy earned the monicker of being the "brains" of the Golden Trio. She is an activist, reformer and mover of Wizarding Laws House Elves Provisions Act 1609, Muggleborn and Squibs Protection Law. Sounds familiar? These are just two of some of the sensational laws that have been passed in the Council that looked after the minority in our community. Ever since her school days, Lady Malfoy has been an active agent in bringing about change in the traditional and ancient mindset about this marginalized sector. She has reached agreeable labouring laws for elves (e.g. they are given certain privileges such as vacation or owning an object they want if they refuse to receive pay and they are mandated to wear clothes but it is their choice whether they want to be freed or continue serving their employers). Also, she has built an organization that let Squibs learn other skills and proficiencies to help them on becoming productive and proud members of the Wizarding community. She spearheads and continually expands The Foundation ™ Aside from Elves and Squibs' rights, Lady Malfoy is a generous philanthropist who has pioneered various charities. She has made generous donations to St. Mungo's psychiatric ward, funded researches on finding the cure against cancer, as well as opening the doors to recruit Muggle and Wizarding communities on supporting her causes and of other philanthropists. She rallied the construction of hospitals, orphanages and rehabilitation centers. Also, she is an ambassadress to the World Health Organization of Wizarding World and communicates with our Muggle counterparts on how we can help each other on bettering the lives of the poor and fighting poverty, hunger and diseases. She is a loving daughter, a devoted wife and a caring mother to her family, the Malfoys who owed their lives to her Preventing the death of Lord Lucius Malfoy, initiating his treatment for DID (and eventually helping him recover), accepting Draco Malfoy in her life as a lifetime partner, being the daughter that Narcissa has always wished she had and giving birth to Scorpius and his twin siblings, Caelum Leo and Carina Pyxis, Hermione Granger-Malfoy has accomplished a lot in her life. But most significant of all is her arrival to the Malfoy family who has lost everything in the grim war but gained so much more on her person. She has brought the light that has been snuffed out by the Dark Lord's influence in their lives. Lord Draco Malfoy also sends his message to the mass: To those who are still in doubt who Lady Malfoy is, you are more than welcome to visit us at the Malfoy Manor and see how great my wife is. P.S. Potter and Weasley clan, yes all of you, my family cordially invites you for a dinner today at 7 pm in the Malfoy Manor to celebrate. Don't worry, the whole Manor was rebuilt and refurbished to forget ugly memories. P.P.S. Mr. Dean Thomas, you are also requested for the formal dinner to thank you for assisting my mother during her visit at Diagon Alley. She said dress smartly cause she would like to introduce a beautiful lady to you. Regards, Draco Abraxas Malfoy Lord of the Noble House of Malfoy CEO, Malfoy Enterprises At his flat, Dean blinked rapidly as he read the whole article and the invitation at the end. Well blimey, looks like he has a dinner (and a possible date) tonight. With a final shake on his head and a resigned smile on his face, Dean smirked and went to his Floo network. "Malfoy Manor!" He just arrived in time to see Hermione admonishing her husband for publishing such article without her knowledge before Draco, smirking like a ferret he is, snogged her senseless to shut his wife's mouth. Lucius and Narcissa managed to distract their three grandchildren from seeing more by herding them off to the dining area with the house elves laughing at their Master and Mistress. Dean remained observing the spectacle, clearly amused. "Appropriate indeed". Thank you for reading! Love, blossom