by something as preposterous and scandalous as the situation all 16-35 year-old people found themselves in just this morning. She's like the baby of the group and even though she talks about something absurd most of the time, we just find it adorable. Since 3rd year, the gang looked after her and hexed the balls off of anybody who'd make fun of her. Suffice it to say that no one bothered her since then. Parvati gently shook her out of her bubble and asked the question again. "Oh, I got Cedric Diggory." she said turning red. Hmm. That's interesting. "Oh, congratulations Luna" said Dean. "I heard he is a chaser for the Puddlemere United. Lucky bugger." Although, he and Harry had some traumatizing time together during the Triwizard Tournament, they managed to escape together from that graveyard thanks to Cedric's quick reflexes and Harry's cunning. Winning the tournament together while defying death at the hands of Voldemort at the same time is hard to shrug off as a mere incident. So they became fast friends and are still keeping touch with each other. He is even keeping an eye on Harry in case he changed his mind about being an Auror and try out for his quidditch team instead. "He has such great skin! And his hair is to die for" cried Parvati bringing me back to the present. "His eyes changes colors, too. I wonder if he's a half-vampire like the rumors says." remarked Padma. "He is the epitome of manliness. You lucky, lucky girl!" Lavender congratulated Luna. "He is intelligent, too. Washboard abs…yum", I added with relish and a hint of jealousy. If he got partnered with me instead… "Oh, not you too Hermione!" complained Ron. "We get that he's a great catch, alright?" "Yeah shut up about him already", grumbled Neville. "Hey, he is good for Luna. At least she'll be fine if ever she married him." Harry defended Cedric. For some reason Luna frowned at this. "I don't like him", she said. Jaws are dropping all over the floor at her remark. She is also doing that thing where she pinches her earlobes. That's not a good thing. It means that she's really annoyed and extremely pissed. "Oh, come off it. He only teased you like that back then because he likes you", Padma explained with a smile. I remember Cedric's adorable pranks to our beloved Luna before he graduated. They were cute and harmless but she doesn't like it. He is the only one who could annoy Luna so much and he made sure that she would always notice him. I heard that after he graduated, he writes to her continuously almost every other day just to remind her of his existence and, of course, to annoy her. Luna's mood just plummeted more and Dean, who was sitting across from her, patted her hand to soothe her. Harry who is in her right looks uncomfortable so he asked Lavender who her partner is to direct the flow of the conversation away from Cedric. "Well, I got Terry Boot or some such kid, I don't really know who he is", said Lavender. "Who did you get Ron?" she asked her one-time fling. "It's Parkinson, oh, crap!" Ron answered, remembering his situation. " Blimey, can you imagine me and her spawning little blighters running around Diagon Alley? It scares the hell out of me." he ranted, obviously repulsed by the idea. Not that it would do him much good. I assume that pug-nosed Parkinson already read who she's been partnered with since she's looking our way. I just don't understand why she is staring at Ron like he's a meal or something. Eww. Gross. "And she clearly doesn't mind", observed Luna. So, I wasn't the only one who noticed. Everyone looked highly disturbed by this. Oh, no, she's coming over! "Hello, Gryffindorks… or should I say Gryff-in-laws?", Pansy drawled wedging herself at Ron's side. We all looked at her like she's a dung-infested, pimply cow. While Ron is trying to get away from Pansy (tough luck, looks like she doesn't need a sticking charm, those arms should belong to a man), Pansy looks at me slyly and asked me, "So, Granger, do you like your husband to be?" Oh, no, she didn't. I thought they would all forget to ask me that question but the bint just had to bring it up. I'm already considering employing Peeve's assistance and sneaking her a Weasley Wheezes nightmarish fart cupcakes. Oh, she'd fart all day. Hah. Evil bitch. I'll have to place an order tonight. "Why so silent mud…er, Granger?" she covered her slip of the tongue with a cough. Smart girl. "Yeah, Mione, why aren't you answering her question? The cow has a surprisingly coherent question" said Ginny. Now all of them are looking at her. Dang. Pansy didn't even bat an eye from the insult. She is enjoying this too much. "It can't be all that bad, Mione. Come on, spill." Ron prodded. I am silently fuming now. This is bad, very bad. Harry is doing the scrutinizing face thing again and Luna is looking at me with pity in her eyes since she already peeked at my letter earlier. "Okay, the suspense is killing me! You better tell us already!", exclaimed Parvati. I took a deep breath. I should have bailed when I had the chance. Stupid, stupid. Let's just get this out in the open and get it over with. I start to tell them when… "Why darling, are you ashamed to tell your friends about me?" Malfoy butted in, suddenly appearing out of nowhere. I jumped startled and looked in his direction. Stars above, he is smirking! I want to wipe off that smug look in his face and hex it to oblivion. Nothing could ever compare to the cursing that followed. Yours truly swearing the loudest of all. Poor Luna had to join in on the riot ... for solidarity and all, of course.