one to hold onto Only myself to blame. To blame for many lives; gone or at stake Innocence destroyed by the evil it must take To feel so filthy; unclean To feel the hands where they should not be. Look into my eyes; my hope is gone. How long until I die? How long?" Harry stopped speaking, looking ashamed. He stared at his feet, wishing he could disappear. Especially after the death part. That wasn't supposed to be told to anyone, it was Harry Potter's number one secret. If he had looked up, he would have seen confused faces. Many of his fellow students didn't understand it, just that it was bad, and that ultimately confused them. Why would anything bad be happening to their savior? Hermione and Snape seemed to be the only ones with their mouths dropped in horror. Hermione looked at him with such sad eyes, whispering, "Oh, Harry... how long have you been hiding this from us?" Severus was the first to recover, grasping Harry's arm and leading him to his office, Hermione and Ron scurrying to make it in without the door closing on them to be with their friend. Seconds later the door opens again to reveal Malfoy, who quickly shuts the door behind him. No one protests his presence, too focused on Harry. Snape first decided to dismantle the glamours, not knowing what to expect. "Revelare!" The glamours slowly faded, along with the shirt, to reveal the marred back, a deep black tinged with purple, with different torture marks of every kind. Burns, welts, lashes of a whip, boot prints, hand prints... He had it all. Not even the Dark Lord would do this. Snape blanched at the sight. "Po-Harry... how could you not tell anyone, child?" he asked. Harry shifted his gaze to the wall beside him, unwilling to talk. He was shaken by all of his secrets being revealed, to so many people that just wouldn't understand. Snape kneels beside him, surprisingly gentle with his words. "Harry, we are only here to help, but in order to help you, we have to know how this happened." Harry's troubled expression finally gives when Snape uttered the word, "Please." "It's just," he began, struggling to find the proper words, "I felt unhappy and unloved. I know I'm not loved by the people that mattered to me. I felt sad and empty, but I also felt silly. I'm the boy-who-lived, so why would I need any of those things?" He paused. "If I had asked, I surely should have been punished for being ungrateful for what I've got, even if I don't want it, because everyone else wants me to want it, so I have to." He looked at Hermione and Ron, like he was screaming for their help, but with his eyes. "I get the belt, you know, for being ungrateful. It was like he knew what I was thinking." Snape had a look of horror on his face, and Harry's two best friends wondered how they didn't see. Harry just stared blankly ahead, and Severus knew that look well. He was living a memory. His soft voice broke the silence. "I didn't mean to be ungrateful, for the cupboard, but it just hurt so much, curling into a ball to fit, when you had gashes on your back, you know?" He snorted. "I doubt it." "What hurt more was to be sent back, knowingly, every year. I thought Dumbledore cared. I THOUGHT HE CARED ABOUT ME!" Harry was screaming now, tears running down his red face, his Adam's apple moving to swallow the lump in his throat. Severus didn't want to hear any more. But he had to know what happened. He caught young Harry's eye. "Legilimens," he whispered softly. Then he was in his mind, where the teen was concentrating on trying to block most, though couldn't for the child was too emotional to even think straight. It was horrible. A fat, walrus of man - Petunia's husband, he realized - was ripping the innocence from the child that Severus now held so tenderly in his arms while he sobbed. The memory was full of pain, misery, disgust, regret, and shame. The boy was so small , in such a mean, nasty world. He cradled the child closer, and Harry buried his head in Severus' shoulder, passing out from the sadness and the pain. The professor turned towards the other two of the trio. "You knew about this?" Ron stared at his feet, while Hermione was quick to shake her head about it. "No, we never…" She stopped when she realized Ron hadn't said anything in his defense. "Ron...?" Ron let out a deep sigh. "I'm sorry 'Mione. I never realized it was this bad. I didn't know the extent of it, but I was told to try and keep him at his relatives, no matter the cause. The only reason we picked him up last time was that Fred and George took me along. I knew something was iffy, because he had bars on his window, for Merlin's sake! But..." Snape pinched the bridge of his nose. "Who told you to keep him there?" Ron furrowed his eyebrows. "Dumbledore, actually. Why would he keep him there?" he asked. Snape snarled. "Why, indeed. Of course, he must have known." He stood up, carefully picking Harry up bridal style, wincing at the pain this must cause the small boy. He turned to Hermione and Ron. "Not like I don't believe you Granger, but I don't believe you. Yet. You two will stay with Draco," the two Gryffindors look at Malfoy with surprise, only just now noticing him, "and wait here. I'll ask you questions when I return. Then I will see the Dark Lord, and inform him of this event." He then turned to the floo, managing to toss the powder even with Harry in his arms, and shouting, "Albus Dumbledore's office, Cockroach Clusters!" and disappearing in a flash of green flame.