still clung to the asinine idea that she could make a comeback. She didn't know how and when, but when she did, she would show them all that she wasn't just a piece of rubbish, and definitely no one's whore. Defiantly jerking her chin up, she hitched the collar of the jacket up to her ears and marched forward with a sense of purpose. She needed to find a pawnshop. It didn't take her long to find what she was looking for in Knockturn Alley. Luckily, she didn't see any familiar faces. The pawnshop was closed, but she could see a light inside. She knocked, and a shady-looking wizard opened the heavy door. Unimpressed with her, he tried to close the door, saying, "Shoo-shoo! I don't have any change for you." Moving quickly, Pansy pushed her foot between the door and the frame, snapping, "I don't need your bloody change." The wizard stopped trying to push her out, and asked, "What is it then?" She showed him the ring. His colourless eyes sparkled with excitement, and he stepped back, letting her into the shabby shop. It took a while for them to negotiate a price, since the bastard tried to rip her off. Well, that didn't work. Pansy Parkinson hadn't been born yesterday and knew a thing or two about diamonds and emeralds. They did eventually met somewhere in the middle. There was a moment of hesitation on her part, when it was time to complete their transaction, and she had to let go of the ring. Her heart tightened painfully in her chest, and a hard lump lodged itself in her throat. It hadn't dawned on her until then that she was about to give up the only thing that she had from her mother. It was hard to let go. Ignoring the burning in her eyes for the second time in one blasted morning, she gave up the ring, though not before she made the wizard write her a receipt, in which he vowed not to sell it for at least six months. It wasn't a guarantee, of course. The wizards of Knockturn Alley were unreliable. She also didn't know how, when, and if she would have an opportunity to buy the ring back. But she needed to have at least a semblance of hope, unfounded though it probably was, in order to keep going. So she deceived herself. She was, after all, a Slytherin, a master of deceit. Noticing her internal battle (because her stupid eyes couldn't stop burning), the wizard asked why she wanted to sell the ring. She was surprised by his sudden concern – he didn't come across as a particularly compassionate type - but decided to tell him about her predicament anyway. The second she mentioned that she needed a new robe and shoes, the wizard's face lit up with a greedy smile. "Ah, my dear. You're in the right place, then. I have everything you need." With that, he disappeared into the adjoining room, and then rushed back holding a grey robe and short black boots. "Here, not new, but a lot of life left, I'd say." No fucking compassion here , Pansy thought as she warily eyed the shoes and the robe. They looked stolen. But she was in no position to complain, since she couldn't very well waltz into Madam Malkin's shop. "How much?" she said, knowing damn well what was coming. Of course, it took her another thirty minutes to negotiate the price, but this time it was much harder. The bastard was determined to get his money back, or at least a good chunk of it. Like a shark that felt blood, he didn't budge until she'd paid him almost two-thirds of the money he had given her for the ring. By the time she left the shop, she felt exhausted and almost as violated as after the incident in the bakery, though it was her soul that had been fucked this time. Still, she had a new robe, new boots, and a receipt for her ring, securely hidden in one of the pockets, and that was what mattered. The streets were already a little too crowded for comfort. Hiding her face under the hood of the robe, she hurried to the address given in the Prophet. She quickly found a detached brick house and knocked on the door, which opened with a squeak. She looked up and froze with her mouth open. "Miss Parkinson, what are you doing here?" the man at the door asked eventually. Refusing to acknowledge the feeling of doom settling in her stomach, she forced a smile and said, " I'm here about your ad, and it's nice to see you again, Professor Lupin." Of course, it just had to be her former Professor, who probably knew all too well about her current situation. She could see that he had been taken by surprise, and, judging by his incredulous expression, he didn't consider the surprise a nice one. "Oh, my ad," he said after a long pause. "Yes, the one about a governess, in the Prophet," she said, fighting the urge to roll her eyes. The man was so bloody slow. "I …" He pinched the bridge of his nose. "Yes," she said. "I gather you need one?" Narrowing her eyes, she waited for the inevitable rebuke. "Yes, I … we … need one. I'm just not sure that…" She didn't let him finish. "Oh, no need to continue, Professor. Thank you for giving me a chance. It was very kind of you." Pansy turned on her heel and took a few steps. She was bluffing, of course, but it was what she knew best. Plus, she really hoped it would work. "Miss Parkinson, wait." Suppressing a triumphant smile, she spun around. "Professor Lupin?" "I think it would be prudent for us to talk first. Please, come in," he said, stepping back with an inviting gesture. Yes! She thought and followed him inside.