only being locked up behind the greasy bars of Azkaban for a few short weeks until the trials were completed. His mind had cracked under those closed walls, and even now, in the open streets of Florence, he felt constricted: confined in his own head and the never-ending bedlam. He tried therapy, it's what the Ministry had suggested to help "break" him of his habits, his thoughts of blood purity and rid him of his desires for "power". Only he didn't believe nor want any of those things. He was lost then, and he's lost now, even without his father's harsh influence to weigh down upon him. Nothing seemed to help. Nothing but booze and fleeing: fleeing from one place to the next, where no one knew his name, his past, or his conflictions. x*X*x Theo leaned against the side of the Ponte Vecchio, one leg bent, propped against the stone while his arm lazily held a bottle of firewhiskey at his side, covered in a paper bag. His lips engaged in a long drag of his cigarette, watching as people sauntered on their way. He's seen enough of this town, and he bored quickly of the intricate Renaissance styled structures, and their crowded shops. The muggles eagerly spending their father's' money. He curled his top lip into a snarl as he exhaled his cigarette, smoke fading and blending into the night air. He turned from them then, and leaned his arms over the side of the ledge, looking down into the dark waters of the Arno River, specks of moonlight dancing gracefully over the ripples of waves. He brought the bottle to his lips, taking down a large swill of burning liquid, feeling as it slid down his throat. He winced at the potency, but recovered quickly, dropping his hand back down to the railing and taking another drag of his cigarette. The setting mocked him: the people, the water. They moved so casually, slowly, and he felt like the last grain of sand to be dropped from an hourglass, impatiently waiting for the freedom to fall. Flicking his cigarette over the side to fall into the water below, he pushed himself from the ledge, walking expeditiously with hands in his pockets, head low to stay unheeded. He turned down the narrow street of Borgo S. Jacoponi , suddenly feeling confined as he made his way between the tall buildings of shops on either side. He remained close to the walls, careful not to brush too closely to the muggles surrounding him and avoiding his gaunt reflection in the shop windows. When the extended stucco wall opened to an empty covered patio on his right, he leaned hidden behind a pillar, and disapparated. He landed in a pop ! Holding his head and stumbling a step or two before regaining his center. Theo walked over the dimly lit and uneven cobblestone street where buildings evolved to trees on either side, eventually facing a dead end that lay empty besides a light post and a large squared fountain. He paused, looking around before stepping up to the concreted base. The fountain's center was a delicately carved stone statue of the twelfth century wizard Cosimo de' Medici, known to muggles as Cosimo the Elder. He stood proudly on a tall square pedestal, his head cocked to the side and facing downward towards the large pool beneath him, surrounded by water spilling over on all sides. In the pool, lay four smaller plinths holding children carved of stone, who were all reaching up, hands cupped together over their heads towards the wizard in the middle. The fountain showed age, fading some of the once intricate details and reflecting shades of green over the formerly white stone. Theo stood a moment, pulling his walnut wand from his sleeve and aimed it towards the Elder. " Aparecium ," he called, observing as the fountain's water ceased its flow over the center pedestal, revealing an opening below the ancient wizard. Theo stepped into the now empty pool, and disappeared into the dark archway, the water spilling over once more. x*X*x Millicent stood, waiting to hand her ticket over to the muggle stewardess to board her flight. She wore a jumper that, even for her, appeared to be two sizes too large and loose-fitting trousers. Though the look was unflattering, she hid her voluptuous curves behind the comfort of layers. She gazed out the large wall of windows onto the runway: a perfect line of planes in their terminals, waiting to be filled with eager travelers, and preparing to fly to various destinations. "Miss?" said a soft voice behind her, knocking her from her musings. She turned her head at the petite woman in line behind her as she's pointing at the stewardess with a weak smile. "Oh goodness, I'm sorry," she said stepping up and handing over her ticket, "I'm a little nervous. I've never flown before." She was playing the part, as she has flown countless times. The difference lay in the fact that when she flew, she didn't have a fancy reclining cushioned seat or a movie to pass the time. She had a stick tucked beneath her, wind blowing her hair in her face and struggled to keep her balance. She never did well on a broom, and avoided it as often as possible, choosing the floo or apparition instead. She walked the narrow tunnel and boarded her plane eagerly, finding her seat in first class with ease and sat down by the window. She immediately looked out, biting her lip as her nerves caused her throat to close up. She was about to embark on something entirely out of character for her, but she kept telling herself that this was what she needed; change. She was tired of ending every day the same, only to repeat it again. The plane took off leaving London behind her, and though unaware of it then, leaving her former self at the gate as well.