still, kissing your cheek seconds more than needed, and then lets you go, your cheek's warm from her lips. Your hand miss hers immediately and you think you would not just get lost in her eyes, but in her skin, too. 7. When everything's just too much and you accept you're not as brave as you think (but yes, you are). Lorcan and you break up at the end of sixth year, he breaks up with you saying you love someone else and it's okay, he understand, he's not mad and doesn't hate you either, he loves you so much he can never hate you. You wonder if he know who do you love but you don't ask him, so you just smile sadly and promise him you will always be his friend, you try to ignore his sad eyes while saying that. Dominique and you are so much closer now than you have ever been, but there's something in the air, a strange pressure that never goes away. You've resigned to love her in silence 'cause you're such a coward and fuck, she's your cousin, you're not supposed to love her like that. Dominique doesn't seem to care about it, though, 'cause she always touch you seconds longer than she should, she kiss your cheek so fucking close to your lips it drives you crazy sometimes, and she takes your hands and doesn't let them go. (it's not like you don't love it, though). The break before your seventh year pass quickly and there's just one more week before you'll have to go back to Hogwarts. All your family is at The Borrow and everything's just too much for you to handle it, too much noises, too much people. Too much felings. So you go to the backyard and sit at the shadow of an old tree, enjoying the calm for once. But then someone sits beside you, you save the scathing comment when you see it's just Dominique. 'Hey" she smiles, and you smile back, "what are you doing here?" You point to the old house with your head "Too much noise" Dominique nods her head, taking your hand and playing with your fingers. You glare nervously at the house, thinking someone might see you makes you anxious, you're sure you two doesn't seem very platonic right now (or maybe you're just being paranoid). When you're sure no one's watching you, you look at her, her eyes are like the universe (you don't see them as green anymore, they're much more complex than that) they see you with so much love and you're sure you see her the same way, and you're scared what Dominique might do now. "I was thinking..." she speaks calmly "I'm ready to talk about it" she's so confident you admire her, 'cause she has all the bravery you lack. You want to ask her what is she talking about, pretend you don't remember it, but truth be told you know exactly what she's talking about, every day you think about that almost kiss your ex interrupted. So you nod your head. "I want to know if I didn't imagine it" she says "if you wanted to kiss me too" she stops playing with your hands and looks you right in the eye, her eyes are begging you to say yes, you wanted to kiss her, but you can't. ("Coward" the voice on your head says). "It's wrong, Dom" you say instead, incapable of looking her at the eyes. Dominique lets go of your hands and you're sure if you saw the pain in her eyes you'd tell her the truth, so you don't look at her. "Why?" She asks, her voice hurts you "I love you, why is it so wrong?" Your heart beats faster when she says it, but you try to stay calm. "We're cousins and..." "I don't care!" She interrupts you, and you can hear it in her voice, she's trying not to cry. Your heart breaks along with hers. Now you're both crying 'cause you can't take it any more, you've loved her for years and you know you will loved her for many more, but... but what? What's stopping you from kissing her right now? What does it matter if you're cousins, or if your family doesn't accept it, if the magic world doesn't accept it? Maybe you're not thinking straight but you don't care, you're tired of running away, of hiding you, hiding your feelings for her. For the first time you truly accept your feelings for the blonde beside you, you're seeing it from a different light, so you do the only thing you can think of doing right now. You kiss her. And holy shit, how come you've never done this before? her wet lips are against yours and you wonder why did you lose so much time. It's soft and wet from the tears, it takes her seconds to reciprocate, she surrounds you neck with her slender arms, deepening the kiss. You're touching the sky with your bare hands, you're holding on her back and before you fully process what's happening, you're on top of her, the grass' stings against your hands but you don't care 'cause you're with Dominique and you're kissing her and you think her eyes are like the universe and her freckles are constellations on her face and her mouth is a new world you're discovering and yes, you can definitely get lost in her. You don't care if someone's watching you anymore, you just kiss her like there's no tomorrow, if you stop kissing her the world might end. But you inevitably pull apart, gasping for air and big smiles on both your swollen lips. "I fucking love you" you finally say, like it wasn't clear enough, Dominique just smiles and kiss you calmly. You got a whole life ahead. (You silently celebrate your newly discovered Gryffindor bravery). I'm sorry for any mistake, English is not my first language.