gave him a gentle smile. "Sorry I can't be more specific." He immediately waved a hand, dismissing her apology. "No, please don't. Merlin, no. I'm not asking how you feel about me, or trying to pressure you, or anything. I just...if we're going to keep doing this... friendship , or acquaintance, whatever it is, then you need to know my...intentions are not entirely innocent." He hesitated, nervously smoothing the parchment again. "You deserve to know." "Your intentions?" Hermione asked, leveling her best McGonagall impression at him. Draco almost laughed again. "Maybe that's not the best word. I don't intend to do anything about it, other than keep spending time with you now and then, if you'll allow it. I just mean…" "You have feelings for me." If Hermione was surprised at how steady her voice was as she said it aloud, then Draco was stunned. Stunned, but relieved. He gave a short nod. "Yes." The cogs in Hermione's ever-overactive brain clicked and whirred with this new information and she suddenly couldn't stay quiet. "You wrote your parents about it, didn't you?" she asked. Draco raised his brows, then gave a resigned sigh. "Essentially." "And they didn't like it." He shook his head once. "But you don't care." He hesitated for a moment, but shook his head again. Then he crumpled what surely must have been the offending correspondence between his slender digits. "You're worth it," he finally said, as if it was all the answer she'd ever need. In some ways, it was. She'd never thought, after all, that someone like Draco would admit that she was worth anything, let alone worth liking, and worth being friends with, at the risk of alienating family and friends. Hermione sat back in her chair and looked him over - really looked him over. Ginny was right; he was handsome. Aside from the hair and eyes and of course, the distinct lack of freckles, he wasn't so different from boys she'd liked in the past. Not to mention he was more her intellectual equal than some of the other boys who'd caught her eye. Even Ron, for as brave and clever as he was at times, couldn't sit still and just read for longer than thirty minutes without needing to say something, or tug her hair, or snack incessantly. She'd be lying to herself if she said she wasn't at least attracted to him on a superficial level. She'd be lying if she said being in his presence the last few weeks hadn't made her blush. Hermione crossed her arms and continued to stare at him thoughtfully. Draco, for his part, seemed content to wait for a reply. His gaze flicked from her to the parchment to all around the library as he waited and the stain on his cheeks deepened some, but he didn't appear uncomfortable. Instead, he seemed...patient. Maybe a little resigned. Hermione cleared her throat and his eyes snapped back to her. "Alright," she said. His eyes widened slightly. "Alright? Alright, what?" "Just...alright. You've told me how you feel. I'm not entirely sure how I feel. But that doesn't mean we need to stop being friends, or whatever." Draco gave a larger, longer laugh at that and pushed one hand up and through his hair. "You took this a lot better than I thought you would," he said. Hermione offered him a wry smile. "After everything I've been through, it's hardly the worst thing I've faced. Doesn't even rank, really." She wrinkled her nose at that and Draco laughed again. "Thanks, Granger. Glad I have your vote of...not-the-absolute-worst." "You're welcome. Now, can we get out of here?" He smiled again and some kind of tension seemed to lift from his shoulders. "Absolutely." He suddenly grinned at her and raised his brows again. "Want to go crash a quidditch party?" "No," Hermione replied firmly. "I want to go back to our common room, have cocoa, and do some leisure reading before bed." Draco shrugged. "It was worth a try." "Don't be an idiot." Draco laughed at her almost-affectionate insult and then stood up, gathering his items quickly. When they left the library together moments later, it was in a companionable manner: moving side by side as Draco matched her stride and Hermione shot down every suggestion he continued to make for prolonging the evening, amidst shared laughter and mild exasperation. Christmas was never the same for Hermione. And the Springtime, when leaves unfurled and gentle winds carried the scent of new flowers, would always hold a special place in her heart. That tentative, cautious relationship grew and blossomed as surely as the Hogwarts grounds that year. As surely as the British wizarding world rebuilt itself. As surely as Hermione's parents forgave her and moved back into her life more readily than she'd ever hoped they would. Her friendship with Draco became the poster child for redemption and unity. It became the foundation for so much more than friendship. It became a sore spot, too, amongst many for a long time. Fortunately, grandchildren tended to fix a multitude of wrongs; and by the time great grandchildren were even a question, it was as if the pair had been together forever. To Hermione, that's how it felt at times. To Draco, he'd never stop insisting that every day with her was brand new. And so, Christmas came and went, and came and went. Ornaments for their tree came and went as well, as they grew too old to be used, or broke, or were given away to friends and family, except for the constant that was the small bauble Hermione had made for Draco that first Christmas so long ago. And the boy who'd startled her one night in their common room - the boy whose voice had once haunted her dreams - the boy who grew up to understand his wrongs and attempt to correct them - came into her life with startling, unexpected clarity and never, ever left it. Et fin