her hand. His dick was almost unbearably hard… " Tell me what you're imagining." With a moan, her eyes opened to look at his. "I'm imaging a man, he's dominant and relishes in the fact that I'm completely at his mercy. He knows I love the control he has over me. He commands me to strip." He notices her fingers began thrusting into her womanhood. "He commands me to get myself off while he watches and I have no choice but to comply. It's so dirty… I've never done something like this before, but it's so… so hot…" Her fingers quicken the pace and he feels that she's incredibly close to orgasming. " Now stop." Almost immediately, her hand stills and she makes no sound of protest due to losing her orgasm. He stands up and approaches her. " Remove your hand from your sweet little pussy," Again, she complies. He looks at her face and notes that the lust is still evident in her eyes. "Remove my clothing." " With pleasure," She purrs. He stands at the edge of the bed and watches as she moves to sit on her knees. Her midnight hair flows behind her back and he thinks that she looks so delicious on her green, satin bedding. Her hands move quickly in unbuttoning his robes and pushing them over his shoulders and off his body. Athena looks him in the eyes as her hands reach for his belt. She unbuckles it slowly and removes it from his pants completely before tossing it to the side. Her nimble fingers quickly unbutton his trousers and before he knew it he was as naked as she was. " Now," He starts, a hand reaching up to brush a few stray strands away from her face. "I will lay down on the bed. I want that pretty little mouth of yours on my cock." He leaned in towards her, forcing her to lay down on the bed; his lips softly nibbles on hers. He moves to lay down beside her and Athena is quick to perform. Her nails rake his abdomen as she lowers her head to his hardened member and skillfully sucks the head of his penis into her mouth. He grunts softly, a hand reaching into her hair as her head begins to bob up and down. He moves her hair out of the way and watches her. " You filthy, filthy girl," He mumbles, thrusting into her mouth. Athena responds with a moan and he bites his lip as he thrusts harder. She gags. "Don't struggle, just take everything." He says. Athena immediately relaxes and he keeps thrusting until he feels his cock in the back of her throat. Athena swallows and Draco moans out loud. "Curse this skilled mouth of yours," He breathes out. She moves her head to focus on the tip, her tongue massaging it slowly as she sucked. Their eyes connected, and Draco swore he saw a mischievous, almost playful look in her eyes. Something in him snapped. He grabbed her by the arms and pulled her up before tossing her on the bed beside him. " You're enjoying this? You filthy whore. You love being commanded, controlled. It excites you to be completely at my mercy, doesn't it? To know that I can make you do anything." He growls, forcing her legs apart and dipping a finger between her folds. Athena moans loudly and arches her back. He tuts at her lack of an answer. "Answer me." " Yes!" She gasps out. " Tell me what you want." " Please, please take me, my lord." He moves to situate himself between her legs, lining his member up with her entrance. He shakes his head at her. " Draco, call me Draco. Tell me how badly you want it," He inches into her at an agonizingly slow pace. His free hand holds her hips in place. " Please, Draco," Athena mewls. "I want you so bad," She begins, nipping at his neck as he leans into her. "Just fuck me, forget about your self-control... I want to feel you inside me… I want to claw down your back as you thrust into me relentlessly, bringing us both over the edge. Please, don't make me beg." She breathes in his ear. He groans and begins thrusting into her, reveling in her tightness. His name became her mantra, it was as if she became in control of everything. She told him to go harder and he complied, she told him to go deeper and he complied. The loud smack of their joining along with the sounds of his ragged breathing and her moans filled the room. " Yes, oh fuck, Draco. Draco, I'm going to… I'm going to—"Her nails clawed at him as she arched her back, orgasmic tremors flowing through her body. Her mouth wide open and her eyes shut, Draco thought she was the perfect image. He buries his face in her neck as he pumps harder, finding his own release. He whispers her name as he empties himself into her. After he's done, he rolls over onto his back. He looks at her. She lays there, unmoving except for the rise and fall of her chest as she breathed. Tears gather at the corners of her eyes and she finally looks at him, sorrow evident in her cerulean gaze. Dread settles into him. What has he done? " I didn't—I didn't want this! I didn't want any of this…I'm not meant to be here… You! Y-You did this to me. I became a mindless slave because of you!" Her pained voice rang in his ears. Draco wakes with a jolt, rock hard but covered in a cold sweat. He swallows to try and moisten his dry throat and his face contorts into a grimace as he punches his pillow. Cursing, he stands up and rushes to the shower. Fuck his life, he tells himself on repeat the rest of the day.