forgotten everything they shared for a few minutes in her office. A knock on his door pulled him out of his brooding. "Come in," he called out without looking up. His new secretary had been quite outrageous with her propositions recently and if it was her, he had to appear busy or else she'd try to molest him again. Not that the lady wasn't pretty, quite the contrary, but ever since that encounter with Granger he couldn't seem to get it up for anyone else. "What is it, Ms. Hollingsworth?" "Last I've heard it's Ms. Granger," a female said with a teasing lilt in her voice. Malfoy's head snapped up immediately when he heard her. It couldn't be. He almost believed he was hallucinating from his constant thoughts about her, but this seemed to be real. There she was, wearing that tight skirt and shirt he fancied so much. Keep your cool, Malfoy. You don't want her thinking you're too excited to see her . To cover his shock, he dropped his gaze and perused the documents in front of him. "How can I help you, Granger?" he uttered nonchalantly. She sashayed unhurriedly toward him, and he saw her dainty hands grip the edge of his desk. "Well, you did say I could come here when I changed my mind. You can stop acting like you don't care Malfoy." He looked up the saw those plump lips he'd been dreaming about curl into a smile. "Caught how your eyes almost fell out of their sockets when you saw me." The cheeky minx. He was about to stand up and face her when she dropped a piece of folded parchment on his table. "See you on the fourteenth, Malfoy. It's a date. Don't be late." Granger winked, turned on her heel, and left a gaping Malfoy behind. Hermione walked briskly to her office, trying to calm her beating heart. She knew it was a bold move, what she'd done. But her mind was made up. The entire week in Paris and the weeks she'd constantly pulled a disappearing act on him had given her ample time to think everything through. Although still a bit unsure, there was no denying the physical attraction she felt for him. The magnetic pull was inevitable, and she knew it was only a matter of time before she caved. Hermione preferred to do it on her own terms rather than his. Feeling confident she'd done the right thing, she slowed her pace and grinned. Oh, Malfoy, you'll absolutely get it, just you wait. oOo The parchment held an old brass key and instructions to touch it by 8:00 PM on Valentine's Day, no less. Figured Granger was a romantic. This was the first time he had no idea what to look forward to, no clue what to even wear on this momentous occasion. Not wanting to come unprepared, he wore a three piece suit, just to be sure. She had said it was a date. Satisfied with his appearance in the mirror, he checked the grandfather clock in his room and when the bell tolled, he gripped the key and felt the tugging sensation always accompanied by portkey travel. He was whisked to an unfamiliar place, and when he turned, he saw a quaint house with a beautiful lawn. It was filled with orchids of various colors and sizes, the grass leading to the house's entrance was trimmed short and obviously well kept. Not bad. He trudged toward the door and tried to turn the knob, but it was locked. Remembering the key, he fished it out of his pocket and inserted it into the keyhole. The door slowly opened to reveal a modern looking household filled with muggle contraptions. Did Granger just invited him into her home? Curious. He called out for her, but when no one answered, he slowly let himself in, hoping against all hope that there were no hexes in place for intruders. He stood in shock when he got to the dining area. There was a table for two, a bottle of wine chilling not too far from it, and a sweet melody playing in the background. "Like it? Have a seat, Malfoy." He saw her, then, coming out of what seemed to be the kitchen. His eyes traveled from her gorgeous face, sporting a pretty smirk that rivaled his signature one, down to her body encased in a little black dress that hugged her curves and flared at the bottom, to the creamy expanse of her legs that went on forever. On her feet were open toed pumps. Draco almost broke a sweat. It seemed he had a foot fetish with the way his breath caught upon seeing her in those. He coughed to hide his minute ogling, and took a seat. "This is unexpected, Granger, but definitely welcome. So you and Weasley?" "What about Ron?" "You know what , Granger, don't play games with me." He narrowed his eyes at her, jealousy flaring up his mood. She openly laughed, walked toward him and, to his surprise, sat her firm arse on his lap, her arms encircling his neck. "No need to get all fired up, Malfoy. Ron and I have settled on being friends. Things weren't looking up on the dating front, and it's better this way than to ruin years of friendship. Plus, I don't think we'd be here if I was still into him." Mischief filled her hazel eyes. Unable to keep the happiness out of his face, he flashed her an endearing smile, baring that perfect set of pearly whites. The git really was handsome. "So, I guess what I'm trying to say is, what we're doing right now...we're sort of dating, right?" "Believe you me, Granger, if I had my way, that's not the only thing we'd be doing tonight." He waggled his eyebrows meaningfully and proceeded to snog her senseless. Only their moans could be heard in the room, dinner all but forgotten. Fin.