was unlocked. He pushed open the door just a crack. "It's me," Harry said. "Oh, come in," Ginny replied. He pushed the door open, entered, and closed it behind him. Ginny was reading the label on the cream, then twisted the top open. Harry grabbed the container from her and Ginny turned to face him. She leaned hopped up, sitting on the counter. Harry pushed back Ginny's hair gently and she tipped her head so he could see the bruises more easily. She sucked in a breath as he started to spread the cream across her skin. "I'm sorry," Harry said. "It's not your fault," Ginny said. Harry shook his head. "I wish that was true. They were just trying to get to me," he explained. "Even if they had done this directly, it would have been my fa—" "Stop," Ginny said, firm and quiet. She held his wrist still. "Look at me, Harry. This isn't your fault. And I don't want to hear talk like that anymore. We've been through this and you aren't allowed to ditch me because of anyone else." Harry swallowed and nodded. The first time it came up was when he received written threats against Ginny. Terrible letters detailing what they would do to her to get back at Harry. Ex-Death eaters, trying to keep alive the horrors and terror of the dark lord. It wasn't like Harry hadn't gotten threats like this against his own well being, but that seemed more manageable than if someone followed through on those against her. Ginny reached up and pulled Harry closer. She took his lips and Harry gently held her close, aware of the pain her jaw must still be in. When their kiss ended, their faces remained close, Ginny's fingers moving up and down his neck. "You and department will get more of them," Ginny said. "The more stunts they pull, the more of them will be captured until they realize they aren't going to win." Harry swallowed. "That man said something about Voldemort's legacy continuing," Harry said. "The rumors… you don't think…" "They're just rumors, Harry," Ginny said with certainty. "There was bound to be something his followers clung to, but you know it's just…" "That's the thing, I don't know," Harry said. Ginny framed his face between her hands. Harry lifted one of his own, placing it over Ginny's left hand. He could feel the ring he had bought Ginny six months before. He carried it around for weeks before he found just the right moment, only to fumble through what he had thought to say day in and day out for ages. He should have thought about all of this before ever dragging Ginny into a life with him. Every time he thought it was over, something like this would pop up and Harry wondered what he had done. "Everything will be okay," Ginny whispered. "Just as long as we're together." Harry swallowed and nodded, raising his eyes to hers. Ginny was grinning at him, the layer of cream was turning the bruises yellow already. He wondered if she would feel it, even after they disappeared. No amount of logic made him feel any less guilty for hurting her. "Together?" Ginny asked. "Together," Harry promised with a nod. The girl sat in the grass, shivering in the night air, even though it was mid-June. Her bottom lip trembled, but she didn't say anything to her auntie. She didn't want to be yelled at again. Instead, the girl tucked her knees into her chest as a breeze came through. The candles scattered around dimmed, then brightened, then went back to the way they were. The girl watched this with every shift in the air. The girl's auntie was chanting over and over, the same words. " Abiit sit virtus eorum, qui obliti sunt, forte ad ad nostrum, tandem vincere… abiit sit virtus… " The girl mouthed along. " ...qui obliti sunt, forte ad ad nostrum…" There was a pop. The girl looked towards the arrival of the new person. Auntie fell to her knees, her voice softening as she continued. "Euphemia," the woman growled. "... tandem vincere… abiit… " "Euphemia, they got the others!" the woman said. The girl moved, hiding behind one of the giant monoliths, hands pressed against the stone, the warmth from the day's sun was already evaporating from its pores. Auntie stopped, taking her time as she stood, pushing back her hood and standing tall, looking at the other woman. The new woman yanked down her robe hood as well, licking her lips. "They got the others," she repeated. "Of course they did, you idiot," Auntie said. "I told Leo to wait, but you all got drunk on mead and your moronic plans. Thought you were so smart." "We just wanted to do something ," the woman said. "Then help me," Auntie said, moving closer. She gripped the woman's arm. "But it could take years," she moaned. "Then you help me for years," Auntie said. "Otherwise, stay away. All I need is the girl for this. You!" The girl cringed, walking slowly out from her hiding place. She looked at her feet, moving forward as Auntie curled a finger requesting her come closer. She stood beneath Auntie's stare. She didn't have to see it to feel it. "Hand," Auntie said. The girl swallowed. She held out her right hand. Auntie flicked her wand to one of the candles on the outer circle. She fought between wanting to make her auntie happy and the desire to pull away. Her bottom lip trembled as Auntie spread her fingers out, tipping the candle so the hot wax fell onto her skin. The girl breathed deeper, trying to stay still. Auntie didn't like it if she moved. " Abiit sit virtus eorum, qui obliti sunt, forte ad ad nostrum, tandem vincere… abitt sit…" Maybe this would be the last time Auntie needed her to do this. Maybe they wouldn't have to come here anymore.