next room which Harry had to assume was her office. It was huge. Nearly three times the size of Robards' with not only a desk but a couch and two large sitting chairs. He turned to get a better look at the oversized desk and hopped over to examine a bronze name plaque. HERMIONE JEAN GRANGER: Department Lead; Muggle Liaisons "Hang on, did you get promoted?" He stammered. "Don't change the subject!" She blurted, her edge dulling a tad. "Bloody hell, Hermione, you're the head of the department! Why didn't you tell me?" Now it was her turn to stammer. "I….um...well…." Suddenly deflated of her anger, Harry saw the pride begin to spark in her eyes. "It really isn't that big of a deal." "Are you insane? This is brilliant! Look at your office. You have a couch and a window and a….." his eyes stalled on the blue eyed man who was still standing in the doorway calmly watching the two of them, "a secretary." "Assistant." The man corrected him, eyes narrowing. Hermione spun to snap at the fellow. "Theodore! How long have you been standing there?! Get...get back to work!" Theodore snorted before removing himself to the closet sized room in front and closing the door. Hermione gave a large sigh and collapsed on the black leather couch. "I'm sorry, Harry, Theodore's usually very polite. Too polite. I don't know what made him think he could suddenly start spying on us." "Because he's a mother f...wait, Theodore? As in Theodore Nott ?" No wonder the man looked so familiar. At his accusation Hermione only shrugged. "As in the son of a Death Eater, Theodore Nott, or please tell me there's another one because there's no way Nott would be your secretary." "Assistant." "What?" "He's my assistant. And no one's told me but I'm pretty sure he's assigned to me as a sort of messed up punishment." She lifted one hand, "Death Eater child, here, you get to work for Muggle born child." She lifted her other hand to represent herself. "Although, he surprisingly knows a lot about Muggle technology." Harry didn't buy that for a minute and simply frowned at her. "No, I'm serious!" She continued. "He understands how the internet works and even hooked up a phone line. He hooked it up inside the Ministry, Harry, even you have to admit that's pretty impressive." Harry plopped down next to her while looking over his shoulder at the wooden door that separated them from Nott. "So, pure-blood prick and best friend of Draco Malfoy is setting up Muggle internet and phone connections for you of all people." Harry mused. "Did I say that it made any sense?" Harry sighed. "How long has this been going on?" At his question, Hermione scuffed her feet against the floor and wouldn't look at him."About five weeks." She finally admitted. Harry groaned. "Is he the reason you didn't tell me about getting promoted. Didn't want me to come attack your new lapdog?" "NO! I mean, I knew you weren't going to be happy about it." "His father's a fucking Death Eater! The man tried to attack us in the Department of Mysteries! Hell, he may even have been in the final battle. Probably killed some people we know, I mean, knew." "I know that!" She scolded. "But his father's in Azkaban, Harry, and Theodore never killed anyone. It doesn't mean I like him very much but he's not a murderer. Honestly though that's not the reason why I didn't tell you." "You thought I'd be jealous?" Harry crossed his arms and stared at her while she continued to scuff her feet. "Really?" "Well no, not you ." She mumbled. Harry actually managed to smirk a bit. "You were worried I was going to tell Ron. Like Ron would care how amazing your office is or that you have a minion." Hermione finally raised her eyes to him."You'd be surprised." Harry snorted. "What the hell's that supposed to mean?" He knew the two of them had been avoiding one another. Ron and Hermione had been living together up until two months ago when Hermione kicked him out of her house for reasons neither of them would admit to. Something along the lines of 'it's complicated' or 'none of your business' or 'bugger off, Harry'. "It means exactly what it sounds like. Ron's jealous that my career is going better than his. He doesn't like it that I'm making more than him." Harry highly doubted that. Ron was a traditionalist but he wasn't someone who expected Hermione to dampen her ambitions just for him. "You're not telling me the whole story." He accused her. "Well, you're not telling me who made you clean up Tonks' things!" Fair enough."It doesn't matter anyway, I'm not going to be an Auror anymore." "WHAT?! Harry, it's your first day! You can't just give up. Just because some arsehat wants to make you miserable doesn't mean you can say 'sod it all, I'm going home.'" She was right of course. Hermione was always right, damn her. "Well, what am I going to do? Run back over there and tell them to suck it?" "That's a good start." She laughed. When he didn't move to stand up she punched his shoulder affectionately. "Come on, he can't be that bad. It's not like he's Umbridge or something. Not meaning to say you're overreacting a bit but you have dealt with a lot worse." Harry rose with a sigh. "Really? Overreacting, am I? Have you talked to your friend the kettle lately, Miss Pot?" "He made you cry!" She quipped. "And as soon as I find out who he is I'll be having some words with the higher ups on his behalf." She was smiling but Harry could tell she wasn't completely kidding. "Please don't." He said. Before completely leaving her office he took the picture frame back from where she had dropped it on the couch. "But I appreciate the offer."