point, I'm beginning to think that a lot of foul play was involved to move the families out of their relative fortresses. Regardless, your godmother and her husband were tortured a full week after the attack on Godric's Hollow. The Longbottom's spent a full week waiting for your arrival at any moment, but it never happened." "Next would have been your uncle in all but blood, a Remus Lupin. But shortly after Voldemort's downfall, Dumbledore managed to help pass laws that restricted Remus's ability to ever be able to care of you due to his lycanthropy. Which is preposterous. Moony would never have been able to harm you due to the pack bond that he shared with both Prongs and Padfoot. Even in werewolf form, Moony would have doted on you as though you were his own cub. And since he was the mate of Sirius, you practically were his cub anyway." "Did you just say that Remus and Sirius were mates? As in, a couple? I thought werewolves mated for life? How did Remus end up with Tonks then?" Harry questioned. The more he thought about it, the more Remus and Sirius together made perfect sense. They had each others animal form as a patronus after all. Two halves of the same whole, they complimented each other perfectly, both in wit and magical power. Gabriel blushed and scratched his head, looking embarrassed as he began explaining to Harry, "It became a broken bond kiddo. In most cases werewolves mate for life, but that mate bond needs to be renewed every couple of months with well… coupling. And marking. The Moony in Remus would demand it. Since Sirius was in Azkaban for 12 years, there was no opportunity for Remus to renew the mate bond, and so it withered and eventually died. Sure, they could have started fresh when Sirius escaped, but there were more, ah, pressing matters at hand. Like keeping you alive. When Sirius went through the veil, Remus was finally free to move on, though he didn't exactly move far. Nymphadora Tonks is more like Sirius than she will ever know, and not just in blood. Ah but speaking of blood, you should have ended up with Andromeda Tonks, since she was your closest magical blood relative through your grandmother Dorea Potter nee Black. And I think that we should stop there since after that would have been Narcissa Malfoy nee Black and one crazy bitch Bellatrix Lestrange nee Black. But you get the idea. So many people that you should have ended up with, and that's even before we look at the Last Will and Testament of Lily and James Potter. Which again, was never read because of, you guessed it. Dumbledore. And every time the goblins at Gringotts tried to contact you about the will, Dumbledore got in the way. Ever noticed how you always seemed to deal with the same group of goblins at the bank? That's because Dumbledore had blackmail on each of them, and so they had no choice but to do his bidding or else be banished from the goblin kingdom." Harry pondered all of this new information, when a thought occurred to him." Gabriel… you said that the Fates were sending me back further than ever before, with all of this knowledge. Is it far enough to change some of these events?" A mischievous twinkle appeared in the archangel's eyes. "Oh kiddo, play your cards right and you will be able to change a lot of things. But, I think you might need some help. Which is why I've had my favourite little brother explain all of this to a special little friend of yours that died shortly after you did. And wow. This little firecracker is giving my dad a run for his money on the whole holy wrath thing. I like her." With a snap of the angel's fingers, Harry's vision was filled with a sea of mousy brown curls, with a scent that he could only describe as being home. Hermione Granger. A/N Thank you for joining me on this wonderful journey. This is my first ever piece of fanfiction, and I truly hope that I can do it justice. There will be a few cameo appearances throughout the story, but please keep in mind that they will be exactly that. I have no intention of bringing any other story lines into this work. It is not necessary for you to know the cameo in order to understand the character. These cameo characters will simply add their name and some of their individual quirks to the story, with the exception of Gabriel, whom will add a little bit of angelic magic to the story. I already have the next few chapters written and ready to go, but I will try and stick to a weekly update schedule as much as possible. This will help provide a bit of a buffer for me in case I get a case of writers block, or if life just simply happens and throws a spanner in my works. With that being said, I could be persuaded to post an extra chapter per week if this story is well received. This is a pretty long chapter, and will possibly be one of the longest in the story. I have no idea how long this beast will be in the end, or how many chapters in will encompass. All I know is that I am committed to seeing it though until the very end, and I hope you will join me in that endeavour. There will be times that we cry, times that we laugh, and times that we might be frustrated, but I hope that it will all be worth it in the end. Hopefully this will be the longest author note I will have to write, and I don't intend on writing them every chapter. Welcome to Harry Potter and The Last Life. Live long and prosper my nerds. Xo Saftimus.