"That's not going to work on me," he said. Then, to my astonishment, he easily slipped his glasses off, gave them a shake and placed perfectly clear lenses on his eyes. My brain stalled. How? How had he so easily removed my spells? "Legilimens," I said, almost on automatic. I had to know. How had to conquered death? Harry's mind was frail, and I easily slipped into his chaotic mind. At first I only saw his most immediate thoughts: hopeless ways to escape and even try and harm me. They were unimportant and I brushed them aside, searching deeper for his secrets. But then, I came across a darkness. An inky, floating void in his mind. On instinct I pulled back, away from this void as I knew, somehow, it knew. But as I retreated from Harry's mind, the void followed with whispering rustles of unseen fabric. I pulled from his mind with a gasp as though I had been holding my breath for too long, but still the void followed. It surrounded my mind, but did not enter, fluttering on the edges. I had not really noticed how quickly I was breathing and I struggled to maintain my composure. "Death," the boy said, as though an order. Amazingly, the void retreated slightly, although I could still feel almost gentle tendrils on my mind. My mind was not working, it could not. Death? Surely I would not face death today. I was meant to become immortal. "No one's immortal, Tom," Harry said gently. "Let me go. Let me have the freedom of death." "Who are you?" I asked, fear lacing my voice. Harry sighed. "That doesn't matter. Chase knowledge, but don't throw your life away for it." He knelt before me, looking at him with brilliant green eyes, and now I could see the age in them, despite his apparent youth. "You can be a great wizard, do not throw your life away for things you should not know." "You are death?" I whispered. This boy was what I feared at the core of my being. This little boy. But he shook his head. Then I realised, that void, still a quiet presence against my mind was death. "Yes," Harry said. I did not question how he so easily read my thoughts. "I am not death, but he is with me." For one of the few times in my life, I felt pity. What a dreadful fate to have death with you, always. Perhaps in that sarcophagus he could escape such an existence? "No," Harry said. "Death is freedom to me, in death, I am free. Death can be pain, fear and loss, but he can also provide freedom, return loved ones to us and allow us rest. Don't spend your life fearing death. Live instead, Tom." I stared at him. No one would wait for me in death. All it offered was an end to life; an end to any knowledge I could acquire, an end having any goals and having anything to stand for. Again Harry sighed. "If you cannot live, at least let me die." I felt my anger return. How dare he suggest I was not living? I had achieved far more at eighteen than most wizards managed in the entirety of their pitiful lives. Why should I follow his wishes when he would not give me the knowledge I desired? But Harry looked at me with pity in his eyes, pity that disgusted me. "You were given a second chance, Tom," said Harry, "please, take it." "A second chance?" I asked. "You lived before," said Harry in a quiet voice. "Survived really, you destroyed yourself out a fear that controlled your life." He paused and drew what appeared to be a strip of plain black cloth from his robes. "I will make a bargain with you. Let me have my rest and then live. Live without the fear that drives your anger. This cloth will protect you from death, for as long as you do not harm others." I considered that simple cloth, intrigued. I knew, somehow that what he said was true. The thought of immortality. I would take this, though it would set my plans back a long way. Few things motivated as much as fear, and without being able to follow through with threats I would lose a lot of power. "Do you love your mother?" Harry asked suddenly. "I don't know," I said. Mild affection, perhaps? I could not feel nothing for the woman who raised me, but I did not think that as love. It was a distasteful emotion, full of falsehoods. "Love," said Harry, "you'll find power there. Will you take the offer?" "Yes," I said. I filed away what he had said, someone who had death with him was not someone to ignore. He watched me as a tied that strip of cloth on my wrist. I touched it gently, and felt a quiet presence there. "It is my hope," said Harry as he lay back in the sarcophagus, "that you will one day take that cloth off and welcome death." I didn't answer him, just silently watched his smile as he closed those green eyes in what seemed to be peace. With a scrape, the heavy stone lid covered him. There is little more to add. I hugged my mother for the first time since I was a small boy that night. She asked why, but I didn't answer. Some years later, I heard that muggle researchers found and opened that tomb. Inside they found an ancient corpse, a rich man, they said, possibly dating to the time of Ramses II. I still have that strip of cloth. But I begin to think now that it traps me; I begin to understand what that boy meant by the freedom of death. Perhaps one day, but not now. A/N: Aduspellis: adustione - scrape, pellis - skin Written for the passover event. Prompts used: Egypt (location) Word count: 3,000