in his fireplace. "Severus, may I have a word with you?" Snape looked toward the headmaster's face, sensing the seriousness in his tone. "Certainly, Albus," Snape replied serenely. "In my office, please," Dumbledore added before the image of his head disappeared. Severus sighed, this time in annoyance, before leaving his seat and Flooing to the headmaster's office. He quickly performed a cleansing spell to remove any leftover soot, and then stood facing Albus' desk with crossed arms. Dumbledore sat behind his desk and eyed Snape wearily. "Really, my boy, when have I ever asked you to my office and not require that you take a seat?" Snape nodded his acknowledgement, and did his best to hide his limp as he headed toward the headmaster. Once he was seated, he folded is hands in his lap and gazed back at Albus expectantly. "Lemon drop?" the headmaster offered casually. Snape rolled his eyes. "Really, Albus. When have I ever come to your office and accepted you offer of sweets?" Dumbledore smiled kindly. "Point taken, my dear boy. On to the reason I asked you here, then. Ms. Arabella Figg contacted me a few moments ago," Dumbledore began casually with a twinkle in his eye. "Oh?" Snape replied innocently. "Indeed… it seems she was taking a stroll on Privet Drive earlier in the evening. She said she heard a lot of shouting coming from the Dursleys' home." Snape shrugged his shoulders. "I really don't see how this concerns me, Albus." Dumbledore leaned forward, fixing the younger wizard before him with a pointed gaze. "Severus, I know what happened this evening, and I can't help but be concerned." Snape sighed exasperatedly; the innocence game was long over, if it had even happened at all. "There is no cause for concern; I did not harm that insufferable family… too much," he finished with a smirk. Dumbledore couldn't help but let a small smile of satisfaction cross his features as well, before he turned serious again. "My dear boy, my concern is not for the Dursleys." Snape understood Dumbledore's meaning, and rolled his eyes at the older wizard's protectiveness. "Albus, I'm fine . I have been teaching for two weeks, and Poppy has told me numerous times that I'm well on my way to a complete recovery." "But not yet recovered, my boy," Dumbledore added as he peered at Severus over his glasses. "Do not think I haven't noticed you're still limping." "For Merlin's sake, Albus!" Snape growled. "It is required that I walk on the leg so that it can regain its full strength." "Mmm hmm…" the headmaster replied thoughtfully. "And the aching in your back? Does that require you to perform complicated spells and to be dashing about Surrey?" Snape gaped at the older wizard, not even wanting to know how he had found out about the agony that still racked his lower back at times. Snape stood up out of his chair, fixing the wizard before him with a stern gaze. "I swear you are worse than Poppy sometimes." Snape walked back to the fireplace, intent on returning to the comfortable and quiet solitude of his chambers. "One more thing," Albus called from behind his desk. Snape turned around, exasperated. "Yes?" Dumbledore's face was serious again, with a touch of sadness and no sign of twinkling. "How did it feel, Severus?" Snape breathed in deeply, his soulful eyes revealing sorrow as well. "Not nearly satisfying enough." Dumbledore nodded solemnly. "I expected as much, my dear boy." Severus shook his head, his mouth pressed tightly in anger. "I-I almost lost it, Albus. I almost lost control…" the younger wizard trailed off, his face now held an expression of anxiety. Dumbledore was standing now, and moved quickly to his young wizard's side. Snape's head was lowered, his long, dark hair blanketing his features. "There was a moment, a fleeting second when I was looking in that cupboard…" Snape raised his head to meet Dumbledore's eyes, a desperate look in his own dark depths. "Albus, the Cruciatus was on the tip of my tongue!" Dumbledore placed a comforting hand on the wizard's shoulder, his eyes soft. "But you did not , Severus. You never lost control because you never uttered the curse." Snape nodded his head slowly. "But I wanted to. Merlin help me but I wanted to." Dumbledore nodded as well, squeezing Snape's shoulder lightly. "I can most definitely imagine how tempted you were, and I do not blame you for having those thoughts." Snape understood that his mentor was admitting that he too would have been tempted, and it made him feel much better about the situation. Less weak. Dumbledore breathed in deeply. "Out of curiosity, what did you do?" Snape shook his head. "Nothing permanent, unfortunately. The punishments I did inflict will wear off within the next twenty-four hours, anyway," he added casually. Dumbledore eyes widened ever so slightly. "Well, that doesn't sound too bad at all." Snape smirked, a mischievous glint in his eye. "Yes, but I didn't tell them that." Dumbledore smiled. "Ah… yes. Very good, my boy. Very good." After a moment's pause, the headmaster added another thought. "Will you tell Harry about your dealings this evening?" Snape looked hesitant. "I… have not yet decided." "He was looking for you, after the Halloween feast," Dumbledore added with a twinkle. Severus sighed deeply. "I suppose it would have to come out sooner or later." Dumbledore grinned. "Indeed, my boy. There's no point in keeping secrets." Snape smirked as he met his mentor's eyes suspiciously, wondering just how many secrets Albus Dumbledore kept inside that pointed hat of his. To be continued… *I know that in a perfect world, we would have all loved to see Snape hex that family into oblivion. However, keep in mind that we don't want our Severus to do anything that would land him in Azkaban, that's what I was thinking anyway :-) I really hope everyone enjoyed the opening chapter, and thanks to everyone for reading!