door of the compartment that caused the girl to rise from her seat before opening the door, ready to reprimand whoever was causing mischief. When she slid the door open, Fleur saw nothing. She looked down the small aisle way and only saw students standing lazily, chatting away. No one close enough to scratch at the door and run away. Fleur shrugged her shoulders as she closed the door. She then turned and was met with bright, amber eyes of a ginger cat. The cat watched her closely as the blonde quirked a perfectly sculpted eyebrow and stood still, confused as how the cat got in without her noticing. The mangy cat jumped onto the seat across from where Fleur had been and sat calmly, as if waiting for her to sit back down. Fleur shrugged and sat back where she once occupied, resting her elbow on the window sill as the feline moved swiftly. The blonde flinched as the cat appeared next to her, examining her curiously as his brush like tail swished back and forth. "Is there something you want?" Fleur asked the cat who just sat and stared up at her. She blinked a few times before reaching her hand out slowly and patting his head. "Cats don't usually like me." She continued, it was true; Fleur never had an affinity for animals, cats in particular, for some odd reason. The cat mewled gently as it rubbed against the blonde's hand as the train rocked again. "Do you have an owner?" The train jerked violently and the cat jumped to her lap as she gently crashed into the window. The door of the compartment slid open with a screech and a blur of brown and grey tumbled through. "Merlin!" Fleur blinked a few times as she looked down at the tangled mess of curls that lay at her feet before standing, the ginger puff meowing in annoyance. "Bloody hell that hurt." The girl groaned as she sat back on her knees and rubbed her left shoulder. "Are you all right?" The Slytherin asked gently as she quirked an eyebrow and continued to stare at the girl in her compartment. The train began to rock more as Fleur, against her better judgment, offered her hand to the brunette who was rubbing the back of her neck and still staring at the ground. The girl looked up and Fleur froze as deep brown eyes looked up curiously before narrowing. "Granger." "Delacour. I'm fine, thanks." Hermione answered sternly as she wobbled to her feet and steadied herself as the train lurched again. "I'm just…looking for my cat." Fleur straightened, letting her stoicism return and glanced to her right where the scraggly creature sat with an amused look in his eyes, if that was even possible. "Would that be him?" Fleur nodded her head towards the ginger animal and Hermione glanced to the side as her eyes widened at the sight of her pet. "He sort of snuck in a moment ago." "Crookshanks!" The Gryffindor exclaimed as she moved to pick up the animal before the train swayed violently, sending Fleur's back against the window and Hermione crashing into her with a squeak. Fleur froze as she felt the younger girl's hands press against her stomach to brace herself and the blonde felt her own hands against Hermione's shoulders. The blonde was never one for physical contact and it was making her more than uncomfortable at how much heat was building in her neck to her cheeks. Her jaw clenched as she gently (stiffly) pushed the brunette back to arm's length and as if fate was against her, the train rocked again. This time, it was Fleur who gasped in surprise as the girl fell against her, bodies pressed together and the scent of cotton and parchment filled her senses. The blonde tensed as she felt Hermione's head against her chest and she held her breath. There were a few silent moments as the Gryffindor cleared her throat and finally pushed herself away. Fleur kept her eyes averted from the girl as she glared out the window at the ice forming on the glass. "It's too warm for ice." Fleur said softly, more to herself than the girl and cat that shared the compartment. That's when she noticed that the train had stopped and the sun had been blocked by thick grey clouds. The train rocked again and Fleur caught the brunette by the shoulders once more as the compartment got increasingly frigid to the point where the blonde could see her own breath. "What's going on?" "Look, sorry about Crookshanks, but I should be-" The lights flickered in the compartment and Fleur shushed her before moving towards the door and peeking out. There was a shadowy figure floating down the aisle towards them and Fleur's eyes widened before she slammed the door shut. "What is it?" "Quiet." The Slytherin girl hissed as she pulled the blinds down and the ginger cat moved across the room towards his master. "Something is coming." Technically, she wasn't allowed to use magic, but she whipped out her wand anyway as the blinds rolled up abruptly and the windows began to frost. A heavy chill engulfed the blonde as a bony hand moved into view and flipped the lock before opening the door. Her breath caught as the figure moved into the compartment, she heard the cat hiss as it descended on her, her body trembling from the cold. "Fleur!" The blonde raised her wand and conjured a shimmering white shield that waned as the creature got closer. "It's a Dementor!" "And how am I supposed to fight it?" Fleur hissed as she felt her strength being sucked from her body. Her back suddenly hit the window and her legs began to give as the Dementor hovered over her. There was a pull from her chest as the creature inhaled and Fleur groaned as the cold burned her skin and she sank to the floor.