threatening arranged marriages, so I left." He tries to imagine being in Pansy's shoes but can't. So, he says the one thing can think of, "Sorry." "Let me ask you, Harry Potter. You didn't grow up with pure-blood traditions poured down your throat — why on earth would you want to get married so young?" Pansy pulls out the jade comb, and the dark brown hair cascades to her shoulders. It's a lot longer than she wore it in school. The smell of her shampoo is intoxicating. Harry gulps, forgetting that Pansy is asking him a question about Ginny. "Well, I'm marrying a pure-blood girl. There are so many traditions I have no idea about, but I want to make her and her family happy. I thought getting married young is what I'm supposed to do." "Again, that doesn't sound romantic." She reaches over and brushes the fringe out of his eyes, gazing at his scar. "Tell me, do you think if the circumstances were different, would you have chosen to get married so young?" He wants to say, 'no.' Instead, he says, "I've always wanted a family." "Family is overrated. A little bit of selfishness is good for you now and then." She swirls the olives in her glass, gingerly picking them out of her glass and slowly sucking them off the toothpick. She looks Harry directly in the eyes as she licks the olive juice and vodka from her fingers. Harry swallows hard. "I, uh, better get back to my friends. They might wonder where I am." "Nice chatting with you, Potter. I'll be here for a while if you want to talk some more." She gives him a seductive wink and turns back to the bartender. Merlin, when did she get so hot? Harry thinks to himself. —xoxox— Boys night. It was a long time since Draco, Theo, Greg and Blaise got together for a couple of pints. They had all taken over their family businesses and estates, and the responsibilities took them away from carefree moments like this. They decided to go to Eden, a club that opened a few months ago. Blaise wanted to go somewhere he could dance and have his pick from a plethora of women. Draco had suggested the club, as it played both muggle and wizarding music and is always popular with ladies. A loud group of women make their way through the door and immediately capture the attention of the young men. They recognize them as a drunken Hermione Granger, high-as-a-kite Luna Lovegood, Ginny Weasley, and the entirety of her professional quidditch team. "Jackpot," Blaise says as he points to the door. "The entire Harpies team just walked into the club. Damn, Weasley looks hot. She's the whole reason I bought season tickets. Why haven't any of you joined me in my box?" "Because we don't want to watch you wank in the middle of the match," Theo quips. Blaise pushes him off the stool, but Theo just lands on the floor and stays there, still clearly baked. "I'm going to talk to them. Oh, this is going to be fun," Blaise says before chugging the last of his beer and slamming the glass down on the bar. The rest of the boys chuckle and get up to watch the drama unfold. "Hey, Weasley!" Blaise calls to her, "Nice match the other night." "Thanks, Blaise. You know the rest of the team?" "Yes. I should as Zabini Publishing is a major sponsor—Hello, ladies. Looking good, Granger. Lovegood." His smooth talking attitude charms the ladies. "Now I'm guessing by the tiara, sash, and penis paraphernalia, this is a hen do?" "Ever astute, Zabini," Hermione Granger interjects. "Granger, how do you manage to sound sexy even when you're insulting me? You really engaged to the least attractive Weasley brother? If I were you, I would have gone after the dragon trainer," He gives Hermione a wink to which her cheeks go a bit pink, partially from the insult about Ron, partially because Blaise has a killer smile. "But Ginny, as it's your hen do, you deserve a gift from me." "What, pray tell, do you plan on giving me? Remember, I'm an engaged woman." She knew this was trouble, but curiosity was getting the better of her. He pushes her into a chair and points his wand at the DJ booth. Pony by Ginuwine starts playing. He swings one leg over Ginny's lap so that he's straddling her. The group of guys and ladies holler, knowing how much this embarrasses Ginny while attracting the attention of the whole bar. Blaise moves his pelvis to the seductive beat. Ginny swallows hard, unable to believe what is going on. Blaise rolls his hips, inching his package closer and closer to the future Mrs. Potter's face. He grips the back of her head, making sure she doesn't miss any of the show. Blaise runs a finger down Ginny's forehead, nose, lips, neck, cleavage, down her abdomen and stops right before her crotch. Ginny's breath hitches, and she has broken out in a sweat. I am in so much trouble, Ginny thinks to herself. Blaise can see the confused look of embarrassment and lust, and it only urges him to continue to publicly touch, feel, and fondle Miss Weasley, all while dancing. While Zabini bumps and grinds on Weasley, a certain blond saunters up to a very inebriated brunette. "Granger." "Malfoy." "Enjoying the show?" "Immensely. You?" "What I would give to see Potter's face right now." "Same." "So how pissed are you right now?" "Pretty far gone. I can hold my liquor, though." "So... pissed enough to make a mistake?" "Aren't you engaged?" "Aren't you?" She puts her ring into her pocket. "You think they would notice if we slipped out of here?" "They didn't notice last time." "You know where to find me." "Same place?" "Same place." A/N: Thanks for reading. Feel free to leave a review. I'm also on tumblr: harrypotterandthegobletofwine and Facebook: saintdionysuswriter.