half-blood I have no-majs in my family and I am not ashamed of it" the boy replied dryly silencing Draco who preferred to stop the argument there before it got out of hand, but it was clear that he had nothing but disgust for Skylar, he was everything his father had taught him to hate, a blood-traitor and to make it worse a foreigner. "No-maj?" Harry asked in confusion blinking several times. Skylar chuckled "Oh right, you use the word "muggle" but back in north america we use the word no-maj which stand for "non magical", I keep using it because I find it more natural than this word you use in UK that just sound like an insult to me somehow" he said scratching the back of his neck sheepishly. Harry could tell he already liked Skylar more than Draco, he spoke his mind but was still respectful of others unless provoked and did not had the prejudices some wizards had, he even seemed to respect non-magical-folks to some degree. The feast continued quietly after this, when it finally ended Wulfric flew to the table of his house and gestured for them to follow "Wolfengards with me" he said showing them the way to the Wolfengard common room. He stopped in front of the wolf statue "For those who wonder I am Wulfric Wolfengard, your ghost and head of house until a teacher is chosen for the job. Here you see the entrance to the common room" he said pointing at the wolf statue in its alcove "To open the way you must kneel in front of the statue, bare you neck at it and speak the password "Unita stamus cadimus dividui" which mean "united we stand, divided we fall" And it must be spoken with firm resolve or the passage will stay closed, no hesitation or nervousness allowed . Anyone who wants to try?" Harry moved forward and the head of house nodded and made way to let the boy kneel in front of the statue. Harry did as he was told speaking the password without hesitation. he moved out of the way when he noticed that the statue was sliding forward out of the alcove. Wulfric grinned and applauded with the other students "Well done Potter, if you had done it wrong the statue would have bit down on your shoulder" he said with a malicious smirk as he noticed that it scared some of the students and then let out a good natured laugh "just joking kids, it only do so with those who have the intent to hurt members of our house" he explained getting sighs of relief from his students. Once inside the common room Wulfric had to held back tears, it was back to its former glory. the carpet , the tapestries, the banners, the floor, everything looked like it was brand new it had even been modernized a bit which was a good thing considering that it was several centuries old. Once every students had settled around the fire place, Wulfric decided to make his speech "Welcome to Wolfengard, I suppose you must be asking yourselves why you were sorted in this house right? Well this house's values are: Unity, we always stand together as one like the members of a pack , then come Open mindedness,we think outside of the box of conventions and prejudices that blind others often making us more neutral in our judgments for the world is not all black and white, hence our colors, then comes Humility, we are able to acknowledge our limits, and finally Selflessness, we understand that the needs of the group is above our own. If you are here you either already have the traits that make you fit into this house or because it is here that you will learn the lessons you'll need in your life later, Any questions?" Draco had to hold back the urge to throw tamper tantrum, this house to him sounded even worse than Hufflepuff, it seemed to him that there was no way to become something grand. Wulfric noticed Draco's face "Anything's the matter mister Malfoy?" he asked. "It just that these values don't leave much place for individuality and personal achievement" the blond replied The man shook his head "There is, you just have to keep mind that the greatest of achievements are not that of just one person, those who rose to glory tend too often to forget those who made them who they are. Humility just mean to not think you are above all the others no matter how far you have come, and individuality is allowed so long it does not harm the cohesion of the group. Of course we are not Slytherins, we don't seek glory at all cost,we are not Gryffindors, we are always careful to protect ourselves and the others even against themselves. We are not Ravenclaws, to us one show his true worth by finding his place in the group,nor are we Hufflepuffs, no matter what loyalty we hold to others the group comes first" he explained. Draco clearly still no liked it, this went against everything he was taught, everything his father had taught him. The idea of being grateful to others , or worse putting their well being before his own instead of just using them and never owing them anything was something that simply made no sense to the blond. Wulfric sighed he was not sure that the boy understood or even wanted to understand, but the sorting hat sent him his way so it was up to him to teach the Malfoy heir the lessons he would need in the future. The ghost sighed deeply "Anyway, Tomorrow you will receive your schedule, your things have been already brought to the dormitories. So off to bed now" The students nodded and went to their assigned dormitories. Sagiel:Hope you liked it, you can offer me some suggestion and ask questions if you did not understood something.