not, but you answered it for me." "Was that the time-turner?" "Yes. I should have destroyed it years ago, but I wasn't ready to until this moment. Are you ready, Minister?" He has her coat out, and she slips her arms into the sleeves. "I think I am. One more drink for the road?" "You sure you can handle it? You've already had two." "Draco, I'm about to walk into a room full of Ministry kiss-ups, elitist pure-bloods—including your ex-girlfriend, my husband, all our friends, after snogging my daughter's fiancé's father. Yes, I need another drink." "Well, I wouldn't call that snogging. More like pity kissing." "It wasn't pitiful! It was reserved and right for the moment." He locks the door, grabs her by the waist, and kisses her long and hard. His lips devour hers with longing and purpose. He may have struggled to find the words earlier, but maybe his actions will speak louder. It feels like lighting surging through their bodies. So many things left unsaid make their way to the forefront. Hermione melts in his arms finds her hands moving up his chest to rest on his shoulders for support. Draco pulls away and says, "Now, you can say I snogged you." "Draco?" Her heart was racing. She had just said that them being together was never meant to be, but why does this feel like puzzle pieces starting to fit together? "Yes?" He still holds her. He knows he pushed his luck with that last kiss and is a little astounded she hasn't slapped him. "We should go join the party now. I'll still take the drink, but I think I owe you a new bottle. I guess we will have to go to Scotland and get you one." "What are you saying?" "I don't know, but I'm feeling something." He holds back from kissing her and pulls her into a tight embrace. "Then, let's join the party, and we can talk when you do know." He holds her face in his hands. It has taken him almost forty years to get to this point. He never imagined having a chance. If there is something to have, he possesses plenty of patience. She doesn't have much lipstick left on her face, as most of it has ended up kissed away or on her glass. "How does my face look? Did you get any lipstick on me?" "A little." She wipes it off of him. He lets go of her, grabs their glasses, and hands Hermione's glass to her. He presents his arm, and she takes it. They leave the library as their children walk toward them. From down the hall, it is as if they are looking back in time. Scorpius uncannily resembles a younger Draco—and Rose, Hermione. "Mum, are you okay?" Rose asks Hermione. "Yes, yes. Just a bit of anxiety. Had a few drinks with Draco." She touches the side of her daughter's face to reassure her. "Dad, is Hermione drunk?" Scorpius whispers to his father. "No. Just enjoyed some whisky and some long overdue conversation," Draco tells his son with a bit of smugness, but this tone utterly baffles his son. "So are you ready to join the party? Dad and Uncle Harry are looking for you," says Rose. "Yes, we are right behind you. Just, let us take our time walking. I want to enjoy the last of my drink before entering the lion's den." "Okay, I'll tell everyone you're on your way," Rose says, looking a little bit disapprovingly at her mother. "Come on, Scorpius." "She is so much like you," Draco whispers in her ear. "At times, yes, and painfully so." They take the last few sips and place the glasses down on the nearest table. They are nearing the crowd, and they can see her family. "Ready?" he asks her. "Don't let me go until we are with my family." "Are you sure?" "As far as they all know, we are in-laws supporting our children." "Alright," he says to her. "I didn't say this yet, but you look beautiful tonight." It is something he has been waiting a lifetime to tell her. "Thank you. You also look very handsome, as well. Also, the fact you haven't let yourself go like my husband makes you even more attractive." All the drinking is taking effect on Hermione now. "I really shouldn't be telling you this, but I haven't had sex in over a year." "Minister Granger, you're making me blush. Are you extending an invitation? Because I don't know how well I'll perform after being out of service for over a decade." They both are laughing when they walk up to her family and their children. "What's so funny?" Ron asks the two of them. Hermione, reluctantly, let's go of Draco's arm and takes Ron's. "Oh, just that Draco and I have drunk at least five hundred pounds worth of whisky already." "I just don't get whisky. What's wrong with a pint?" "Weasley, you need to learn to appreciate how beautifully complex whisky becomes with age. It needs to be savored and enjoyed after being treated with longing and patience." "Nah, mate, I'll just take an ale." Ron is completely clueless that Draco has taken a jab at him. Hermione, apparently, catches the suggestion as her other hand brushes Draco's hand. Their pinkies lock. A/N: Who caught the symbolism? There is a reason that the drink they share is whisky (when it is Scotch, no e like in whiskey). In the process of making whisky, you start with grain/seeds, then becomes sour, then goes through process of process of distillation removing impurities, then it matures in barrels. The longer it matures, the more layered the flavors are. Then at just the right time, you tap the barrel and the whisky is finally ready. You sip it, you savor it, and realize it was worth the wait. Feel free to leave a review. I'm also on tumblr: harrypotterandthegobletofwine and Facebook: saintdionysuswriter.