sat, conversing with one another. Their table, like Slytherin's, was divided in two, as some families he recognized to be linked to Death Eater activity were huddled in the far end, comforting one another as if it would actually help. Though the separation was evident, they weren't receiving the sneers or remarks that his fellow housemates, assuming all those Slytherin partook in the activities of dark magic and blood purity. Imbeciles. And they call Slytherins prejudice. A movement to his left caught the corner of his eye, and Draco turned his head back to the grand, open doors. A familiar bushy haired girl walked swiftly, head down with a book clutched closely to her chest, towards the Gryffindor table. He eyed her attentively, taking note that she sat a fair distance from the other lions. His eyes narrowed at the hushed sounds coming from those in red and gold lined robes, huddled closer to one another, and glancing at the Gryffindor princess with disdain. He witnessed the Weaslette leading the remarks that besmirched his once rival and he made a snarl of his own. The whole display was wrong and out of place; it had always been him and his friends to make those malign comments, and he shook his head at the obliviously shallow nature of Gryffindors. He was unaware of his perturbed expression being displayed openly, not until Millicent leaned across the table and brushed his forearm, knocking him back to their own table of misfits. "You alright there, Draco?" She asked, shifting her focus from the same direction of his rumination to meet his now turned eyes. She almost smiled, as if noticing something he wasn't quite recollecting himself. Draco raised his chin and forced his signature smirk upon his face. "Oh course," he began, picking up a roll from the table's center, "why wouldn't I be?" Millicent glanced at Theo, who held his hands up in a " don't look at me" manner, and she breathed a laugh. Her eyes narrowed as she observed Draco's reaction to seeing Hermione enter the Great Hall, gaining perspective to her housemate's entirely new, yet, oddly familiar reaction to the girl. "I ju-" she began, but was cut off by a stern "Silence" echoing off the walls. Minerva McGonagall, the new Headmistress of Hogwarts, began her monotonic speech. Everyone turned to give her their full attention, all save for Draco, who slowly shifted his eyes back to the end of the Gryffindor table. "Evening students," she began, her tone holding little expression, as she scanned the full width of the room. Her features were firm, her eyes dark, and held little to no emotion, "Welcome back to another year. As you all know, much of the grounds have been mended, however, some parts of the castle are still off limits as we continue to make the necessary repairs." Draco's focus was elsewhere, and McGonagall's words faded in and out. Dumbledore should be standing at that podium, with his cheery twinkle in his eyes as he spoke playful gibberish to both new students and old. Draco's face fell at the memory of the Astronomy tower, where he was forced with one of two final tasks the Dark Lord bestowed upon him that would come to torment him for months. He shook his head, pulling his eyes under the strain of painful aches in his skull, and stared through his lids at the former lion head of house. The speech was over as abruptly as it began, and the students began exiting the Great Hall in groups, some staying behind to finish their meals. They had rushed to the Great Hall for that? It was almost as if McGonagall wasn't interested in addressing the student body at all; no introductions to their professors were made, no first years entered the hall for their induction ceremony with the sorting hat, no celebrations. Theo and Millicent stood, but Draco didn't move. He sat there, staring at the spot where the Headmistress had made her speech. "Am I the only one who thought that odd?" Draco said, hand in a loose fist against his chin, eyes locked in front of him. Theo scratched the back of his head. "Uhm, no? Hasn't she always been a stern old hag?" Theo asked shrugging his shoulders. Millicent playfully slapped his arm. "No, I have to agree with Draco on this one. I mean, she's always been cold to us , but not to everyone overall." Draco met her eyes and nodded silently in agreeance as she continued, "I mean, she always did this weird crinkle thing with her nose when she would speak before, but her face didn't do anything. And where was the sorting hat ceremony?" Theo let out a laugh, but quickly refrained another, as if joining the conversation for the first time. "Okay, that I did notice," he said looking at Draco, "Looks like the ickle firsties were already sitting at the tables of their houses. Maybe we just missed it?" Draco narrowed his eyes in thought, and finally rose from his seat. "No, we didn't miss it, Theo, they simply skipped it. It doesn't make sense." The three of them joined their fleeting schoolmates and walked towards the exit of the Great Hall, Draco's eyes trailing the length of the Gryffindor table again as they passed. The bushy haired girl that had caught his attention earlier was already gone. "-not there," catching the end of what Millicent said to him from his side. Draco turned back to her, feigned ignorance evident in his eyes, and she laughed aloud, "oh, never mind!" She said insinuatingly, leading the three of them towards the common room. Draco sunk back into his thoughts as he wandered shortly behind his familiars, wondering why McGonagall and her speech had been so off putting. He shrugged it off for now as his head was too strenuous to think too deep into the matter, but vowed to revisit the issue later. x*X*x