back, I prepare myself for the next hit. ... My ass is throbbing, probably red and maybe even bleeding; my hands are sore from grabbing the fabric of my skirt so strongly and tears are running down my cheeks; but my mind is empty. Empty of ghosts, of bad memories, of everything to do with the war we've passed. My mind is blank and I feel free. Suddenly he stops, and I stay in place as the pain lowers and that odd pleasure invades my body again, this time more intensely. I feel his hand on my bruised skin and I shiver. As he caresses me, his touch awakens a sudden desire on my body; and when his fingers go under my knickers, a moan escapes my lips. "Stand up," he says, and I notice him moving aside. I open my hands and let my skirt cover my nudity and then I slowly sit up on my knees before standing up. My arms, my legs and specially my ass are very sore; but as my muscles get used to this new position I become aware of a different feeling between my legs, some sort of magic, of spell that feels like an invisible finger rubbing my clitoris. I want to ask, but I fear my mouth might betray me and I don't want to be punished again. So I just look at him. He's still wearing his silver mask and he's watching at me through it's little round holes. On his left hand he holds my leather belt, the one he's used to spank me, and he makes it swing on the air. "Take your clothes off," he orders and I obey. Slowly I unbutton the upper part of my dress and remove my sleeves. When the dress falls on my feet, I remember my wand is in its pocket, but I quickly convince myself that I won't need it. Once I'm completely nude, he walks around me and I wonder if he likes what he sees. My body is not twenty years old any more, my skin is not smooth, my breasts are not firm and I am practically bones since the war ended. "Come," he says, and he offers me his hand, just like he did down at the bar. I take it, and he walks me to the bed. At every step I do, the intensity of the spell he's done on me increases more and more. He makes me lay down, my head resting on the pillow, my body still on the center of the mattress; and takes my hands over my head, tying them down to the headboard using my belt. He sits astride on me and I see him take his wand out of his pocket. He whispers some words and a black handkerchief appears on his hand. He uses the cloth to cover my eyes and, at this point, restrained, blindfolded and assaulted by some spell I can't control, I feel completely powerless. I notice the mattress being freed of his weight and I instinctively try to get free, but that only empowers more the magic he's used on me and soon I crave for an orgasm that doesn't come. I sink my feet in the sheets, fighting the continued rise of pleasure that invades me. I need it to stop, I want it to stop. "Please," I beg, "Sir.," I say, "Master." He comes to me, I feel him sitting on the bed, I hear his breathing. "What?" he asks. "Make it stop, please, Sir." "Not yet," he says. "Please," I insist, "I can't stand it anymore, Sir." "Of course you can," I feel his hand caressing my upper arm and going down to my breasts, and then drawing circles on my belly as my entire body is throbbing in a mixture of pain and pleasure. "Please, Sir," I beg, "let me come. I'll do anything." "Anything?" he repeats, and I regret having said that. "Yes, Sir." "That is a dangerous deal to make," he says, "but since this is your first time, I will only ask you for a kiss." I feel relieved, happy that he hasn't taken advantage of my weakness. He moves his hand to my chin, and he holds it still as he bends over me and places his lips on mine. He has removed his mask and I wonder if that's the reason he blindfolded me. His lips still taste of the firewhiskey we shared before. It's not a brief kiss, but it's not passionate either. I've had better kisses, but I've never been kissed while being in complete ecstasy. As soon as his lips leave mine, I feel freed from the spell and the throbbing stops suddenly, too suddenly. Immediately, I feel his hand between my legs and he helps me reach that point when your eyes go blank and your mind is emptied and your body is taken away for an instant that seems to last an eternity. ... When I am back to my senses, I feel his hands untying the knot of the handkerchief and the light of the room blinds me for a moment. He's sitting besides me and he's wearing his mask again. "How are you feeling?" he asks as he lets me free from my leather belt too. "Good," I say, "I'm feeling really good, Sir." "Did you found that freedom you were looking for?" he asks. "I did, Sir," I reply, "for a moment, I certainly did." "I'm glad," he stand up, "it was a pleasure helping you, Profes- Minerva." "Professor?" I never told him I was a teacher, which could only mean… "You know me," I say horrified, "who are you?" "You don't need to know," he says again, and he walks to the door, "goodbye, Professor McGonagall ," he says, and after that he leaves and I am left alone, in shock, in that room, naked, wondering who my mysterious master was. . TO BE CONTINUED... maybe.