two hours away from Little Surrey but this street was eerily similar to Private Drive. Harry didn't like it one bit. Dimitri stood on the immaculate lawn and was already setting to work casting Muggle Repelling charms. Harry began his notes on the perimeter of the building. No sign of forced entry. No disturbance to any of the shrubs under the windows or doors. No nothing. This looked like any other cookie-cutter home you could find in the suburbs. Taking out his wand Harry moved to the front door and unlocked it. Instantly he felt the tingle of magic residue waft over him. "Dimitri!" Harry whispered back out the door, "Come here, we have something." Harry heard a small groan and grinned. He had also hoped this would be a quick stop. Why did he ever get his hopes up? " Humenum Revelio ," Harry whispered. Nothing. Dimitri appeared at his side, "Anyone home?" "Nope," Harry said in a normal tone, "Did you feel the residue?" "Yes sir, I honestly have never felt it so strongly before." Dimitri mused, peering at a picture of a family portrait. 'It's easier to feel when is fresh and untainted. You start stacking spell after spell on top one another and things get muddled and weak. This house has only recently known magic," Harry said as he glanced at the photo and felt a twist in his gut as five people smiled, unmoving, back at him. A dark-haired woman sat holding a bald, smiling infant as a man stood behind her. Two young girls stood on either side of them, the oldest looking no more than twelve and the younger about eight. It wrenched Harry's heart to think this seemingly happy family meeting some terrible fate. Harry took a step towards the parlor, glancing around the green and beige hued room. The sensation of residual magic was stronger here. There was a TV on a stand pushed next to the empty fireplace whose mantle was riddled with framed photos of the two girls through the years and the new baby. A large, squashy couch sat under the window and Harry could just make out coloring books and crayons under the coffee table. There was an overflowing bin of brightly colored baby toys next to the door leading to the dining room. Everything looked calm, as if the family would be back any moment and question the presence of two strange men in their house. " Specialis Revelio !" Harry said, hoping for another dull outcome. Abruptly there was roaring of wind like a hurricane rampaging through the house. Harry rolled out of the hallway and into the parlor, sprawled himself on the ground, pointed his wand at Dimitri and shouted, " Protego !" A silvery shield appeared around the young man, who turned to face Harry with his hands clasped over his ears, crouching to his knees and pressed his body to the entry wall. A deafening wind continued to rumble around them, ripping photos and trinkets from the wall and sending the deadly projectiles hurtling around the rooms. Furniture was lifted up only to come smashing down hard. Curling a protective arm over his head, Harry looked up and had a clear view of Dimitri in the entrance hall. He saw his spell glinting around his apprentice, shudder and fade. He raised his wand to cast again when suddenly the wind stopped. Debris that had been lashing about fell unnaturally fast to the ground. An eerie stillness permeated every corner of the dim house. All the furniture was pushed up against the walls and blocked the sunlight. Harry stood to a crouch, wand out. Something was wrong. " Lumos !" Harry whispered. Nothing happened. Confused, Harry looked from his wand to Dimitri. The young man's face was a mask of horror as he stared at the ceiling in the parlor above Harry. Harry looked above him and felt his stomach lurch. The ceiling was covered, wall to wall, in ruins. Ruins that had not been there a minute ago and seemed to be written with fresh, dripping blood. "Dimitri get out!" Harry yelled. The horrified man looked Petrified where he stooped. " Depulso!" Harry said, pointing his wand at Dimitri in an angle he hoped would send him out the front door. Still nothing happened. Something was very wrong. Harry couldn't feel his magic. He looked back to the ruins, mentally berating himself for not taking the class at Hogwarts. Harry scrambled to his feet and lunged for the entrance hall. He hit an invisible barrier that sent him careening back to the center of the room. His head hit the hearth of the fireplace hard and he saw lights dance before his eyes. As he tried to focus the room around him, he heard several loud cracks that were horribly familiar. Sitting up he looked back at Dimitri. The man had his wand out and a determined look on his face. He had turned slightly, glaring at something to Harry's left. " Rel-" Dimitri began. Harry looked to his target and saw five masked figures standing in a semi-circle around him. Two raised their wand in unison and shouted, " DEPRIMO!" In horror, Harry watch Dimitri's body crunch into the wall. There were several loud snapping noises as his body imbedded further and further into the stucco. Dimitri screamed as he broke through to the wall and was sent careening into the next room. There was a loud thump and his screaming stopped. In a fury Harry turned towards the attackers, raising his wand. Before he could even open his mouth, he felt a searing hot pain shoot up through his body and the world around him went dark. First and foremost: Thank you to my two beta readers! HunnyBunny81 for keeping me accountable and sahaking me down when I'd go MIA. Mad as a Balloon for your in depth notes, they kept me from getting ahead of myself. You're both wonderful!