School through the twin vanishing cabinets. She flung the wooden door open, almost laughing at the scene before her. Dumbledore was weak and slumped against the railings, his wand in Draco's hand and pointed against him. "Well now, look what we have here. Dumbledore. Wandless and alone," she mocked, coming forward to Draco's side, "Cornered in his own castle. Well done, Draco." She praised the boy. He deserved it for this feat, and she knew that her master would not. "Good evening Bellatrix," Dumbledore started sounding serene as ever. As if he had a clue of the plans her master had, and the alliance of one Harry Potter. "I think introductions are in order." "Love to, Albus," Bellatrix sneered, "But I'm afraid we're on a tight schedule. Do it." She nudged Draco, urging him to deliver the final blow to Dumbledore. Draco raised his wand, but Bellatrix could see it visibly shaking in his hand and knew that he would not have the will to complete the task. Fenrir Greyback snarled at the boy from his place amongst the group. "He doesn't have the stomach. Just like his father. Let me finish him." He smiled, showing his pointing teeth in an expression reminiscent of his werewolf form, "In my own way." Bellatrix shook her head at him. Her master had ordered Draco to kill Dumbledore. She knew that whatever happened, her master would find advantage in it. But it was always best to follow his orders. Especially a direct order for such an important task. Fenrir was a fool for thinking that he could do better than her master. "No! The Dark Lord was clear. The boy's got to do it. Go on, Draco. Now!" she urged the boy, who still could not bring himself to the task. He was fighting back tears and he was moving his mouth, being to panic. She spun round as the door swung open once more, revealing Snape, dressed in his usual billowing black robes and a scowl set on his face. "Severus…" Dumbledore murmured, desperately trying to get his last few manipulations in place. "Severus…Please…" He slumped against the railings, struggling to hold himself up. Bellatrix was at least pleased that there was little the old man could do with anything the traitor told him – the worry was what the traitor would do with anything Dumbledore said. But said traitor did not apparently think that this was the time to speak to Dumbledore. Unless he already had? Bellatrix felt her breath catch and panicked slightly, that this was some complication rouse from the headmaster. Should they cast an identifying charm on him, to check for Polyjuice? "Avada Kedavra," Snape said, not breaking out of his usual boring voice. Dumbledore was engulfed in a blast of green light that forced him backwards, out over the railing. Despite her misgivings, Bellatrix cackled and clapped her hands together, abruptly stilling as she heard the satisfying thump on the ground as the useless corpse of Albus Dumbledore fell, the Dark Mark lighting the night sky. Potter had put on a good show, Bellatrix thought. He had run screaming through the grounds of Hogwarts, chasing Snape. But she did not quite know his reasoning. He could not care for Dumbledore's death, given his alliance with her master. Was he angry at Snape for ruining the Dark Lord's plans or merely staying in character as the famed Boy-Who-Lived? Bellatrix was deliriously happy nonetheless. She spun around the room, cackling and dancing with glee. Fenrir sneered at her antics before stalking off. The other Death Eaters, Alecto Carrow, Amycus Carrow and Thorfinn Rowle sat in chairs at the Malfoy Manor's entrance, uncomfortable at Bellatrix's antics could draw their master's attention. "Leave." The Carrows and Rowle scrambled for the exit as Voldemort appeared in their midst. He turned to Bellatrix, who immediately bowed. Voldemort tipped his head to one side. "He is dead?" "Yes, my lord," Bellatrix replied. Voldemort smiled mockingly, his lipless mouth stretched over his teeth. "And who…" he trailed off. "Severus Snape, my lord." "Snape," Voldemort repeated shortly. He was evidently displeased with the news that it had been Severus Snape to murder Dumbledore. "Draco did not succeed in his task then." Bellatrix closed her eyes and sucked in a gulp of air. "My lord, Draco succeeded in making the task possible, he-" "I will have my information from more…reliable sources." Bellatrix was cut off before she could make her excuses for Draco. But Bellatrix took his reliable source to mean Potter. "But Dumbledore is dead." He sounded pleased at least; perhaps pleased enough to not torture them for not obeying orders and forcing the boy kill Dumbledore as he had ordered. "Get up, Bella," he snapped at her. She scrambled to her feet, head still bowed, looking at the polished floor. Voldemort studied her for a moment, before a crack of apparition announced the arrival of a cloaked figure on the porch. "Harry." Voldemort greeted the figure as Potter removed his hood, grinning openly. "Voldemort." Potter replied formally, although still grinning. "It is done." Voldemort's lips curled into a smile. "I know. There shall have to be celebrations." For some reason, Potter blushed and turned his head away before gathering himself and facing the Dark Lord again. "Bellatrix told you what happened?" Voldemort nodded. "Yes, but only an overview. I would desire the details from you." Potter flashed a wide smile. "True," he said, and turned to Bellatrix, "you are correct in thinking that Snape is a traitor. Let him run. Let him stew. He will be caught at the most opportune moment." He stepped closer to Voldemort. Too close for Bellatrix's liking. She longed to gain her master's attention once more, but knew that she would be tortured for interrupting. She swayed on the spot a moment more, as they looked directly at one another, before her master snapped her dismissal and she left the room and the pair before her drew each other in.