surprise and then a small grin curled the corner of his lips. "As you demand, Dove," he murmured. His hands slid along her hips and around her back beneath the cape she still wore and he drew her against him. His lips feathered along her brow and down her nose before he pressed them to hers. Her breath caught and she arched up against him as their mouths melded. It was a relatively chaste kiss, only lips on lips with no tongue involved, but it still set her body aflame. He pulled away slowly and she could see the want in his eyes, feel it pressed, hot and heavy, against her torso. "Gods I wish we'd done this sooner," she murmured. Sirius let out a strangled laugh. "Why, so we can have more time to enjoy what we can't have?" he pressed kisses along her hairline and she slipped one hand under his jacket to stroke along his chest. "No," she sighed, tilting her head to accept more of his attention. "There's another loophole, but I never imagined… I never thought it would be attainable." His mouth paused and he leaned back slightly. "What loophole?" he asked slowly. "If the witch in question is pregnant, she is automatically removed from the pool, as is the wizard who fathered her child," Hermione explained, not seeing the exasperated look he was giving her, much too focused on petting the muscles of his chest and abdomen through his shirt. Sirius growled and pushed her hard against the door and she blinked up at him. "You mean to tell me," he rumbled, "That all I needed to do was get you pregnant and this entire thing could have been avoided?" Her eyes narrowed. "Technically yes," she responded. "And before you get more upset, that loophole doesn't change a thing. I still want romance, I still want real dates." He let out a noise that sounded like a whine and snarl mixed. "I understand that, Dove, but I could've taken you on our first date two damned months ago and who knows how many more since? Plus, I could've gotten you pregnant!" "We still have time Sirius," she reminded him. "The owls don't come out until this afternoon." A look of determination crossed his face and the next thing she knew they were in her bedroom, his fingers deftly removing her dress. "I hope you have a fertility potion handy, or a spell memorized, we've only got enough time to give this two, maybe three attempts," he told her as her clothing hit the floor, followed very closely by his. Hermione chuckled and plucked up her wand, pointing it at her abdomen and casting the only fertility spell in existence, the one she knew from reading that tome he had stolen from her those months ago. "Guaranteed pregnancy," she assured him. He grinned and then pounced, tackling her back onto the bed. lllll "Has anybody seen Hermione or Sirius since last night?" Harry asked, pushing his eggs around on his plate with his toast. "No," Ginny responded, sharing an amused look with Luna. "But we heard them come in. They're fine." "Maybe I should go see if they want breakfast." He started to rise from the table. "No!" Luna and Ginny yelled and Harry froze, eyeing them suspiciously. Ginny cleared her throat. "I mean, they came in late. I'm sure they want to sleep." Harry sank into his chair, plucking his toast back up. Ron stumbled in a few moments later, a couple of cards in his hands. "What's that?" Harry asked. "Notes for Sirius and Hermione. The bloody owl kept slamming into Sirius' window but he wouldn't answer it, so I opened mine and beckoned the thing over. Damn thing nipped me for all the trouble I saved it," Ron grumped. Harry plucked up one of the cards, noting the ministry symbol on the front with the word "Congratulations" scrawled underneath it. He flipped it over and his toast fell from numb fingers as he read it. "What is it Harry?" Ginny asked. "It says, 'We are pleased to offer "Congratulations" to Sirius Black and Hermione Granger on the upcoming birth of their child and to notify them their names have been removed from the repopulation list.'" He blinked and read the card again. "I don't…"His voice trailed off and he watched Ginny hand Luna a stack of galleons. "I thought for sure it would take more than one date for him to pull that off," Ginny muttered. Luna shook her head, a wide grin on her face. "Sirius Black was raised during his formative years by one of the oldest and most formal pureblood families around. Of course he would know how to properly woo the woman he loves." "Woman he loves?" Ron squeaked. "Harry, what are they talking about? What are you talking about?" The door to the kitchen opened and Sirius came sashaying in. He collected two plates and loaded them up with food before he noticed the cards and picked them up. He glanced over them and grinned. "Oh good. I'll have to tell Hermione the spell worked." He paused and winked at Ginny and Luna. "After a couple more rounds of course," he added. Harry let out a strangled noise and Ron looked like he was going to pass out. "We may be down for dinner, haven't decided yet," Sirius added as he disappeared out the door. "I think now would be a good time to tell them," Luna said. "They're already stunned and you and I can be well on our way before it sinks in completely." Ginny nodded in agreement. "Tell us what?" Harry asked warily. "Oh," Ginny smiled brightly. "I'm pregnant too, about two months along. And I'm fairly certain it's twins, but I'll let you know for sure after I've seen the healer this morning. Ta!" She and Luna scurried away and Harry stared dumbly after them, ignoring the thump of Ron hitting the floor.