right next to him when she spoke. Looking up he saw her leaning over the desk, her strict suit making her look like an upside down exclamation point, widest at the top. "Mr. Malfoy there's a Jenny Weasley on the line for you. She says it's a personal call?" His secretary sounded mildly surprised at this as the only person to ever call his business line was Jimmy. His mother wouldn't condescend to use a "muggle contraption" to contact her son. "It's Ginny. Ginny Weasley. Tell her I'm in a meeting." She picked up the receiver and spoke, in her cool, cultivated phone voice. "Mr. Malfoy is in a meeting right now. Can I take a message?" Scribbling something on a post it his secretary nodded, her earring clicking against the receiver. "I will pass on your message, thank you for calling Malfoy Holdings, Miss Weasley." Hanging up her face was about as surprised as her botox treatments would allow her to look. "Miss Weasley would like me to tell you she's moving abroad shortly and she's found some of your things packing up the flat. If you would like to pick them up, here's her address and if not she'll give them to a charity shop." Wide eyed she pushed the post it note over to him. "Right. I'll just let her throw it out." "Really? Do you know what it is?" "No idea. That was a long time ago." "I still can't believe you have ever been so serious about someone you'd leave stuff at her place. Was this before you sold your soul?" She smiled sweetly and he chuckled. "It was. But I got a damn good price for it." "So I see." She gestured to the elegant corner office. "Are you sure you're not going to go get the stuff? See her? She must've meant a lot to you once." "Old girlfriends are like old newspapers – when you're finished with them, leave them be so they can be recycled." "God, you're horrible. Must be why I like you. Anyway, you have her address and I'd hurry if I were getting my things, sounded like she was calling from abroad already." With that she sashayed out. From abroad, huh? So she was living on the wizarding side still – magical interference would often cause what Muggles thought sounded like long distance calls. He leaned back in his desk chair, spun it to look out over the London cityscape. Had he done it more often he could have known it was holiday season earlier as tacky lights were strung all over the place. Christmas, again. Every year it would remind him of the Christmas he'd spend saying goodbye to Ginny Weasley in the drafty Apparition Hall. Somehow it seemed to mark the beginning of his life as it was now. The last time he'd seen her. If they had worked out in the end he'd probably be in the middle of a Burrow Christmas on the 25th. Full of off-key singing and too many people and forced jolliness. Thousands of noisy red-haired children. With Ginny smiling at him, her deep brown eyes shining as she ran her hand through his hair like she used to… Shaking his head he sat up straight. What the hell was he doing sitting in his corner office daydreaming of memories of a stupid, short, teenage crush? It had been a lapse of judgment. Months of it. Months of madness, a passion he'd never experienced before or after. What was her business calling him at the only time of year when he still thought about her anyway? Still, she had been so long ago. It hardly mattered now. Especially not now. He had a board of shareholders to cajole into compliance. o.O.o When he left the meeting, after a resounding vote in his favor, he opted to not take the car. The air was cold and he would be able to enjoy a peaceful London for once. Walking home the streets were empty. Everyone was tucked in their homes eating Christmas dinner and watching lame specials on the telly. But as his meeting had gone well he conceded to give in to a little Christmas spirit. Get some eggnog, some rum and have a little party. Stepping into the only open store for miles he wished he'd just gone home and had his customary whisky. Inside was a man pointing a gun at the terrified cashier. Discreetly Draco let his wand slide down his sleeve and muttered a stunning spell. To his surprise the cashier froze while the man with the gun just turned. "That won't work on me, Slick." The man, he saw now, looked like a vagrant in shabby clothes and sporting a long white beard for a disguise. A santa beard, ironically. To Draco he looked like how Dumbledore might have looked if he'd been homeless. Though he was clearly mentally unstable and holding a gun it galled Draco to be called Slick. So he crossed his arms and leaned against the doorframe. "They never have much cash in those. You picked the wrong place." "Oh, I'm not here for money." "No?" Draco nodded to the gun still pointed to the muggle cashier's chest. "No. I'm here to make him reassess his priorities." He looked back to Draco for a moment. "Money's not everything, you know." "It's a lot." "It's nothing." "Look at yourself, how can you say money doesn't matter? Do you have a place to stay? Food to eat?" He raised an eyebrow. "When I choose. But I have something much more important." "What's more important than money?" The man angled his head and shuffled closer, abandoning the still frozen muggle. "I wonder…" He peered up at Draco with dark, surprisingly intelligent eyes. "Maybe I wasn't sent here for him, but for you…Yes, yes, I think I might be…" "Sent here to do what for me? By whom?" "Sent to reassess your priorities." Then everything turned black.