said again, "and I told you, because I knew you were an aggressive, angry man the moment I laid eyes on you, I told you that if you ever hurt a member of my family that I would kill you. I should kill you, I should kill you gain and again for what you did to my cub but I have recently been informed it is not possible. I should torture you, I want to make you suffer an eternity of punishment for every mark you laid upon this child of mine but I don't have the time." His hands gripped his hair again and twisted sharply left then right, they all heard the snap; he let his lifeless body fall to the floor. Sirius stepped over him and back into Harry's room as if he had not done anything more scandalous than spill a coffee. He continued to speak to Harry naturally as he bustled about, "you don't need any of the clothes, they're too big for you and don't look very nice anyway. We'll get you some more ones and see if we can get them charmed with protection spells or something and a new school uniform too. You'll need more books and robes for next year so I suppose all we need to collect is the cloak, the photo album and the bird." He removed the loose floorboard and collected the items, shrinking them and putting them in his pocket." "Ah Hedwig, you have looked after my cub well and provided him with much needed support and companionship over the years and for this I thank you." He picked up some owl treats from the open packet next to her cage and fed her from his fingers. "Do you know that magical animals tend to live longer than muggle ones, and this is a magical owl and your familiar at that, she'll live as long as you do now. James got an owl when he was sixteen to commemorate my joining his family, I ran away to live with him you see. Hedwig was just a chick then, the youngest of the litter of the snowy in the next cage over but I remember – this is definitely her." Harry wasn't listening, he couldn't believe it, he was dead, Vernon was dead. Sirius didn't seem to bother as he exited to room, Hedwig on his shoulder as if she belonged there until she saw his master and flew over to join him. Sirius pointed his wand at Petunia and suddenly Harry found his voice, "no! Not her too. Sirius please, no more killing, if you promised to protect me then protect me now and don't harm me emotionally or spiritually from killing her." It seemed he said the right thing as Sirius lowered his wand. "You're lucky Petunia, very lucky, though you do not deserve your nephew's loyalty or my mercy." He pulled back his arm and punched her in the face, "you don't get away completely unscathed. Teach your son to be a better person, he's young enough and I don't hurt children, no matter how vile they can be. Hopefully we will never see each other again. Obliviate. Everything that happened here today was done by a man with pale skin and long blond hair; he said his name was Malfoy, Lucius Malfoy except he did not wish to save Harry, but kill him, luckily he escaped." While they were still dazed, Sirius struck his wand, creating the dark mark to appear above the sky having learnt how to replicate it without needing the tattoo when he was in jail surrounded by death eaters. He grasped Harry's forearm and with a crack they disappeared. Sirius was laughing a cross between a normal chuckle and maniacal guffaw when they reappeared in one of the side streets of London. "What did you just do, the person you accused, that was Draco's father wasn't it?" "Yes. He's a death eater. He'll be given a trial, he'll be cleared of this but everyone will know he's a death eater and he should be in jail within the end of the month, a perfect birthday present I would say. I owe you 12 of them, we should get started." "Where are we going to go?" "My old place, once I've grab some hairs from someone to give myself a suitable disguise, then Gringotts to see if I can access my assets, then I can buy you all the things you need. You're mine now Harry, I'll teach you everything you need to know, you'll never want for anything and in time you'll be the greatest wizard to ever walk this Earth. What do you say Harry, will you allow me to lead you towards your destiny?" Harry furrowed his brow. This man was dangerous and crazy but he had only killed Vernon for what he'd done to him, to protect and avenge him and harry couldn't say he felt any sorrow for him. What was more, he had spared Petunia when he asked and was going to spare Dudley anyway. Harry believed that he really did want to look after him, and even if he was mad, was trying to care for him in his own way. All Harry had to do was open his mind to the possibility he was innocent of the crime he was charged with, at least give him a chance to explain. Wasn't this what he wanted, ever since he was a child? Someone to take him away. And while it was a minor piece of information, the dreams he had of the flying motorbike – this was man who drove it. Hoping he wasn't making the biggest mistake of his life, Harry reached forward his hand and grasped that of his godfather. The smile he was granted with would have charmed the birds off the trees and he was pulled into the first familial hug he had ever received. "Thank you Harry, thank you."