Charlie had thought, if there's one thing us Weasly's love, it's kids . He had been right as well that Hermione would refuse to even be engaged to him until much later lest it seem like they were only getting married because she'd gotten pregnant. Neither his parents nor hers were thrilled about the idea of their grandchild being born out of wedlock but none of them were stupid enough to try and make Hermione do anything she didn't want to do. Complications during the delivery meant that Hermione couldn't bear anymore children, but surprisingly neither of them minded much. The two of them and their little Cordelia, with her wild halo of fiery auburn curls and amber eyes, felt like more than enough. It felt... complete. They'd had their hands full with the little terror as soon as she had figured out the mechanics of crawling. Too much time spent with Uncle Gred and Uncle Feorge (as she called them) had planted a deep seated love of mischief in the angel faced hellion, who decided Cordelia was was much too fussy a name and she'd rather go by Cora thank you very much. Charlie had tried pointing out that she had been named after his favorite Chinese Fireball and it was in no way a fussy name, but his daughter wasn't having it. She'd been the spitting image of her mother when she'd put her hands on her little hips and shook her mass of curls out of her face, which was beautiful even when twisted in indignation at her father, and had read him the riot act for being a hypocrite by going by Charlie instead of Charles but denying her the right to a nickname. So much like her mother it squeezed at his heart, and just like with her mother he'd agreed to her demands and accepted a kiss on his cheek for his troubles. The first time she'd gotten on the train to Hogwarts, he'd been a mess of nerves. But what if she has trouble making friends, Hermione? Or worse, what if she becomes a bully? You know how she can be at times. What if some little punk breaks her heart and we're not there to comfort her? Hermione had assured him over and over that their daughter could handle her own, and reminded him that Harry and Remus both taught at Hogwarts and she'd have her uncle's there should she need them. He'd still worried, especially after they got word that she'd been sorted into Slytherin of all houses. But she'd also been the only first year in Slythein history to made a primary beater on the house quidditch team, so he couldn't be that mad. He even wore his daughter's house colors for her. After all, there wasn't much he wouldn't do for his girls. When she'd stepped off the train at the end of first year dragging a little blonde boy by the wrist to come meet her parents, Hermione had quietly mused to him that they'd likely be seeing the boy for the rest of their lives. Charlie had never wanted to punch a 12 year old more. Especially after he learned that the little prat staring at his daughter as though she'd hung the moon was none other than Scorpius Malfoy. He didn't trust Malfoy's, too much history. Hermione had elbowed him into behaving though, and throughout their school years it became glaringly obvious that the platinum headed Ravenclaw was entirely besotted with Cora and that she in turn would make anyone who messed with him rue the day they'd crossed the best friend of Cordelia Ginevra Granger-Weasly. Charlie had also gained a new respect for the young man at their Hogwarts graduation when he'd punched his own grand father, Lucius Malfoy, square in the jaw for insinuating that Cora was less than because her mother was muggleborn. It had cemented that he could trust the keeping of his only baby's heart to the Malfoy heir. Which is how they got here. It had taken Scorpius 7 years of dating to get Cora to say yes to an engagement, and another 3 years still to get her down the aisle (what was it with his girls and refusing to marry the men they loved? It had taken Charlie another two years after the birth of their daughter to get Hermione to be his wife). But there they were, the 24 year old newly weds dancing their first dance in the center of all of their friends and family. Her curls had been left to run wild and they reached ever outward as her husband held her close and spun her about. His baby was happy. His wife was teary eyed but happy. That's all he could ever hope for. When the master if ceremonies called for any other married couples to join the pair in dance, they obliged. Charlie lead his wife out, tucked her to his chest, and swayed with her as he had done so many times before. She was wearing a dress very similar to the one she'd worn on her graduation all those years ago, and she looked just as good in this one and she had then. In Charlies opinion, at nearly 50 she still had the best arse he'd ever seen and the dress was displaying it wonderfully. How did I ever get so lucky? he thought to himself. But he decided to to question it. His girls were happy and loved, that was all he needed to know. "So, Charlie," he heard his wife say in a low timbre that only they could hear, "are you going to make a move on me anytime soon, or are you just going to keep drooling over my arse all night?" A/N: And there we have it! I have never written Charlie and Hermione together but this story kept bouncing around my head demanding to be written. Please let me know what you thought!