the story of when he was a little boy, during World War II, he was sent to the country to escape the bombing. He didn't really know where he was or if he would ever see his family again. But he was safe. All I wanted for you and dad was to be safe and not to mourn me if I…" "Sweetheart, you forgot how powerful love is. We did mourn you, even though we didn't know that is what it was. We did the most ridiculous things because our hearts missed you. You can't just erase the bond between a mother and child." "Oh, mummy!" she hugged her mum and felt small once more. "Hermione, I don't know if you're ready to go back to school. Can you just take a correspondence course and return for examinations?" Jean grew worried about sending Hermione back in this fragile state. "We don't have a choice. There was a Ministry decree mandating we all return to school. I believe it's all part of some master plan to teach us how to get along and go through therapy," she explained. "Oh, that's not so bad." "They'll also be placing us in the same dormitories with students who fought on the opposite side." "Oh. How do you feel about that?" "I don't know. Part of me wants to forgive, but the other part of me is worried about the tension. I know they went to trial and honestly mum, they were scared and only fought on that side because they thought that's what their parents wanted. I don't know. I'm torn." "I say extend the olive branch, but keep them at arm's length. Don't get closer unless you feel safe." "Thanks, mum. That's exactly what I'll do." "Your tea is cold. Shall I warm it up?" Hermione laughed, "Please." —xoxox— The boys laid flowers on the empty grave. The fiendyre had destroyed everything in the Room of Requirement including Vincent's body, but his mother still wanted to memorialize him and give him a place in the family graveyard. "You were an idiot, Crabbe," Draco said staring at the marble headstone, "You cast the curse that killed you and could have killed both me and Greg, but you were loyal, and I won't forget that. I hope a feast awaits you on the other side." "What if he's a ghost a Hogwarts now?" Goyle pondered. "I hadn't even thought of that," Theo remarked. "Well that bastard will be the perviest ghost in all of Hogwarts history, and we'll have to send the Bloody Baron to make sure Crabbe doesn't peep in all the girl's bathrooms," Blaise joked. They all laughed, imagining the horror on Pansy's face if she saw his ghost appear while she showered. "Alright, Greg and I have another hour until we are due back. What do you want to do?" Draco asked. "Mrs. Crabbe said she was going to have tea and snacks for us. In the meantime, I have this," Blaise pulled out a flask and took a swig, then passed it to Draco on his right. "Very nice," Theo chimed in and took it after Draco. "So integrated dorms?" Draco said. "Ugh," Greg grumbled. "We'll be sharing a common room with the golden trio," Theo stated, "and you'll be getting awfully close to one Hermione Granger, won't you Blaise." "Ha! I guess so. It's up to me to be the shining beacon of positivity for Slytherin House, boys. It could have been you, getting friendly with Granger, Draco." Blaise shrugs his eyebrows up and down before taking another swig. He notices Draco's face clench, and ears go pink. "Whoa, mate. It was a joke. Why are you getting all flustered?" "I'm not," Draco defended himself. "I'm just thinking about our history, and how awkward it's going to be." "What do you mean, your history ?" Theo pried. "Um, my aunt almost killing her, Crabbe almost killing her, Potter and Weasley saving me twice during battle, then she and Potter saving me at my trial. I'm in massive debt to that girl, one that I can't just pay off," Draco scratched his head in frustration. "I'm going to have to do something. Say something. I can't just pretend things are all great for the sake of inter-house unity." "Drake, I'll have her ear because we're forced to work together. We don't have any bad blood between us. I can be your mediator," Blaise clapped him on the back. "I mean, I know you fancy her, and now she's this war heroine, it's going to be really hard to fancy a pathetic sack like you back without some coercion." "Sod off! I don't fancy her!" Draco said defensively. "Well, I do," Theo said. "She looked so good at your trial, Draco. That summery floral dress that hugged her curves in all the right places. Our uniforms should be made illegal. I can't believe those tits and arse were hiding beneath those robes. The way everything bounced as she took the witness stand. How did you not pop a boner in the middle of the Wizengamot? I know I did." Draco lunged at Theo, and the two started rolling in the grass. Theo threw his hands up, "I concede! Granger's all yours...for now. If you don't make any progress by Christmas, I'm asking her out. I have a better chance with her than you do. I was her partner in both potions and arithmancy in sixth year. Clock's ticking, Draco." Blaise and Greg couldn't stop laughing at the way Theo egged Draco on. He had a point, and it was really getting to Draco. "Shut up," he pouted. "I don't fancy Granger. I just can't stand you being such an idiot." "Uh huh," Blaise said skeptically. "Clean yourselves off, or else Mrs. Crabbe is going to have more questions for us than we care to answer." Thanks for reading. Feel free to leave a review. I'm also on tumblr: harrypotterandthegobletofwine and Facebook: saintdionysuswriter.