neck to keep herself quiet. And there was a moment, one singular bleeding moment where it seemed everything might be alright, but it shattered when she heard the door to her room being wrenched open. "Bellatrix!" Rodolphus snapped, causing fear to choke in Narcissa's throat as she didn't dare move from her sister's embrace. "What the bloody hell did I tell you?" Bellatrix though, to her credit, didn't falter. She just looked at her husband over her sister's shoulder, holding Narcissa closer to her body as she shot back, "What, I can't hold my bleeding sister as she cries now?!" And thankfully, Narcissa had enough sense to pretend as though she was exhaling a sob, thankful that Rodolphus couldn't see her flushed cheeks and parted lips as her back was firmly faced towards him. Bellatrix cradled the back of her head then, shouting at her husband, "Piss off; it's your sodding fault that I wasn't here for her before now. She's having a shit time and I'm trying to help her, so do us a favor and give us some fucking space for one bloody second." Narcissa couldn't see the look on his face, but she was certain it wasn't good. Silence stretched on as they stared at one another, a battle of wills before Rodolphus apparently broke and snapped, "You have five minutes," as he practically slammed the door in his wake. Narcissa felt like she was going to collapse as her sister pulled away from her. "Bella, I'm—I'm so sorry; I shouldn't have made you—!" "Shh, hey; it's fine," Bellatrix assured her, grasping her sister's face in her hands to try to make her calm down, because Narcissa looked as though she were about five seconds from breaking completely. She had been so foolish; selfish and reckless and she shouldn't have been. "He's a wank who doesn't know his head from his arse; he doesn't know what we were doing." "Are you sure?" Narcissa asked softly, her voice suddenly so very small and childlike as she looked up at her eldest sister. She didn't want to be the cause of her life falling to pieces. Not now, not for something like this; not when they had finally had a chance of being happy. She couldn't bear to see that ripped away from them so soon. "The git thought we cast muffliato in your bedroom just so we could sodding torture each other for kicks, Cissy; he's as daft as a bloody lamp post." Narcissa pursed her lips, but said nothing. A part of her feared Rodolphus only accused them of that because it was easier to say out loud than what they were really doing; safer, in the long run, to accuse them of being sadistic towards one another rather than incestuous. He knew Bellatrix would flay him alive if he ever accused her of such heinous things and was wrong; she might flay him alive if he did solely because he was right. Still… "What did he mean then, when he said 'what did he tell you'?" Because it sounded to her like he already knew and had said something to her, and that prospect caused rocks to inhabit the pit of her stomach as she feared he would tell Lucius. But Bellatrix just rolled her eyes, brushing it off with a wave of her hand. "He told me I needed to stop fawning all over you; whatever the hell that means." "…It means he thinks you give me too much affection." Which, in the end, didn't sound good either. And perhaps it was ridiculous, how frightened this thing with Rodolphus made her because Narcissa knew that on some level he already suspected, but she desperately needed to keep it at just that, a suspicion, because the moment it became truth would be the moment everything fell apart. "Screw him; not my bloody fault he can't be arsed to hug his own brother every once in a while." Narcissa pursed her lips again though, worry etching across her features and catching Bellatrix's attention. "Hey," she tried, placing a comforting hand on her shoulder. "Don't worry about him, yeah? You know that if he ever finds out that I'll make his death look like a horrible accident. Lucius will never know." "I know," Narcissa whispered softly, because she was more than aware of the death her sister was willing to cause in order to protect her. Roxanne was her first victim, their parents her last. If Rodolphus continued to pry, Narcissa had no doubt he would meet an untimely end as well, but she didn't want that. She just wanted everyone to leave her alone. But Bellatrix just pulled her into a side-hug, kissing her forehead. "I gotta go; if I keep doddling Rodolphus is gonna end up birthing a bloody cow in the middle of the waiting room." She released her then, and their gaze caught as Narcissa looked up at her and Bellatrix tangled her sister's fingers in her own. "But I'll be back, okay? So just… eat; talk to the fucking shrinks, whatever you gotta do to get better, yeah? I want you out of here." Narcissa nodded, silently promising to do whatever she could to expedite the process. She didn't want to be in here anymore either; she wanted to be home, with Bellatrix, making love atop that bed of rose petals that she promised her, even though she had no idea how they would ever be able to get that kind of time alone. But it didn't matter; in the end she knew they would make it work, because this was the first time either of them were really willing to try to find happiness within each other, rather than an obsessive dependence on the love and pain that they craved. And Narcissa prayed, silently, to any God that would listen, that this time things would finally work out for them. Unfortunately, it didn't seem the Gods answered the prayers of sinners. TBC…