supporting her. They were so close that Hermione could feel Ron's heart beat through her back and it made her feel warm and safe. After a few minutes of companionable silence Hermione decided that she couldn't sit facing away from him any longer so she slowly moved out of his embrace and made to turn around and face him. He frowned at first but then realising what she was doing, smiled and put his hands out to help her down. Ron put his legs together so that she could sit on them and slid his arm's around her back, pulling her in close to him. She smiled at him and he smiled back before placing a gentle kiss on her lips. Their mouth's parted after a minute or so and she snuggled back into him, sighing happily. This night had been too delightful to be real. They had talked for hours, all their problems and differences finally out in the open. As they spoke, all their past heartaches seemed to just melt away, as though no of it had ever existed and whilst making their way back to the Gryffindor common room, they walked in conversable silence, one glancing at the other every now and then with unfading, soppy smiles. When they had finally reached their planned destination they realised that alot of the other students were already in bed so they quietly made their way up the winding staircase to get some much needed sleep. Ron was holding Hermione's hand firmly and leading the way up to their dorm rooms and as they reached the girls door he stopped and turned to face her. "So this is goodnight then." He said with a slightly saddened smile at the thought of their imminent parting, while still holding her hand and rubbing his free one up and down her forearm gently. "Yes, It's a shame isn't it? That we have to part now after such a lovely evening." Ron half smiled again and replied; "It's not just a shame Hermione, it's bloody cruel is what it is! I never had such a great evening in my whole life." Hermione giggled at his terminology and took the hand that was still caressing her forearm and bought it to her lips, kissing his knuckles softly "It was something wasn't it?" She questioned with a happy smile. "Definitely." He replied with a playful grin as he caressed her cheek before running the hand into her hair. He moved forward slowly, sending her backwards till she was up against the wall and leaned down, pressing his forehead to hers and they both smiled, closing their eyes. Hermione opened hers a moment later to find him staring down at her with adoring eyes. She mirrored his expression and pushed off the wall slightly to capture his lips in a deep, heartfelt kiss. He responded without hesitation and let go of the wall, snaking his arms around her back while hers had moved to rest on his chest. The embrace did not last long but it left both of them a little dazed with big endearing smiles. With her hands still rested on his chest he moved one of his from her back and gently pushed some hair back behind her ear. "Sweet dreams love." He said as he leaned in, placing a chaste kiss to her neck before embracing her tightly in his arms. "Sweet dreams Ron." She mumbled back into his shoulder before they kissed one final time then let go of each other but kept hand contact till Ron was too far out of reach to do so. Hermione watched his back as he walked down the corridor, the antique wall lanterns casting a subtle glow over his tall form and shivered as a breeze of cold air came from the open landing window. She stood almost entranced as he opened the boy's dormitory door and just as he was about to step in, paused flashing her that adorable lopsided grin and her stomach turned over excitedly. She smiled back shyly and gave a small wave, watching until his tall frame had disappeared through the door. Hermione stood a moment, smiling and thinking how she had never felt quite so giddy before but eventually she moved and gently opened the door, quietly clicking it shut behind her. Then she turned and leaned her back against it, sighing dreamily with a lazy smile adorning her face, completely unaware that her now boyfriend was doing exactly the same thing in the other room. Ron was on cloud nine as he pushed away from the door and walked over to his bed. He threw himself backwards onto it and folded his arm's behind his head, completely uncaring of the delicate fabric of his dress robes as he let a thousand watt smile of complete pleasure take over his face. He couldn't believe what had just happened. With a few honest words and a whole bunch of mushy stuff both Ron and Hermione had crossed that carefully drawn out line that stood between them and now stood together. They had each let there guard down and shown just how affectionate and vulnerable they could be. It was something he'd only ever dreamed about but now after so many years his dream had finally come true. He never imagined that simply declaring his love out loud would feel so momentous. The second he said it, it was like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders and to hear her say she loved him back felt so incredible. He couldn't stop thinking about her and felt light headed with an overwhelming urge to be with her again. To look at her, talk to her, kiss her... Anything, even for a minute. With four short words "I love you too" Hermione had given herself to Ron completely and he now knew that there was no better feeling in the whole wide world and he never wanted it to go away.