groups around here." "Thank you, Harry. Maybe we can get together, and help one another, trade favors, do things together? I just want to get to know you and try to get you to trust me. I want you to see past my 'ice queen' front so that you can see I'm not all cold and heartless." She looked at Harry, biting her lower lip, which Harry noticed. Harry nodded his head, thinking of what Daphne has just told him. There's something about her that Harry liked and she does remind him of Hermione in the way that she bites her lip when she's thinking about a problem. He's seen Hermione do that on many occasions. It wasn't much to go on, but, then, he's never been given much and this is a grand opportunity. "Ok, Daphne. Let's you and me try to be friends and know one another. We can do this privately, at least at first. I can slip away from my 'handlers', on some pretext for a short time." Harry's smile reached his eyes, which Daphne noticed! "I think we've got a deal then, Potter, uh, I mean Harry." Daphne stuttered some, afterall, old habits did take time to get rid of, she thought after she said that way of referring to him. "That's alright, Daphne. I think you're trying." "Anyway, back to our previous conversation, Bellatrix Lestrange killed my Godfather, sending him through the Veil. This happened in the Ministry, in the Department of Mysteries, just as it was reported in the Daily Prophet." "Wait! That was Sirius Black, wasn't it? I read about that. He's your Godfather?" "Yes, Sirius is my Godfather. He and my father were the best of friends while they were going to school here. They were dorm mates for their entire seven years. There's more, but that's the general idea. I can tell you later, when it's more appropriate." Harry looked back to Daphne after walking around a bit, thinking. "Look, Daphne. What I've told you, even though it's now common knowledge, I still don't like talking about it. After my parents were killed and Dumbledore sent me to my Aunt's house, I've been used, taken advantage of, lied to and who knows how much more I don't even know. I know our friendship is unusual, but to make it work requires trust, which is difficult for me. But, it's not impossible. Just, well, lets just take our time and we can trade information about ourselves." Daphne could see the seriousness in Harry's voice and his demeanor when he was telling her this. She nodded her head. "I understand, Harry. I understand what you're saying and I completely agree with you. Please, continue." "She was laughing and I went after her, her being Bellatrix. Remus was there and tried to hold me back, but I wouldn't let him." It was at this point that Harry turned around and looked at Daphne, "I had her, I had that cold heartless bitch on the ground and cast an Unforgivable at her, Daphne! At that point, I hated her so much, but when I tried, it just didn't work. She'd just taken away the last family I'd had! I'm an orphan, Daphne, an orphan, thanks to that bitch. And when I found out I had someone, someone who I could call family, well, it meant a lot. And she'd just taken him away from me. She sat there on the ground looking at me while I tried, and she just laughed at me! You see, Daphne, for those of us who are of the Light, not the Dark, we can't cast an Unforgivable, at least I can't. Anyway, it doesn't work for us. But, for me, I can cast the Patronus. My Patronus is, perhaps, the strongest that's ever been cast. That's what Professor Lupin told me. If I want to protect those I truly love, I can do it." Harry looked up at Daphne, directly into her blue eyes: "And nothing can stop me from protecting them; They'll be protected, absolutely protected. I'm of the Light, Daphne. I'm not bragging, just stating what I can feel, deep down inside me. It's difficult to explain, but I can feel it." Daphne now knew that Harry was telling her something, but the only answer she could come up with, well, it was so far fetched, that she couldn't believe it. That answer just couldn't be it! They were of two totally different Houses! But, she felt it. 'Could what she felt, be it?' Daphne's thoughts were racing. She had approached Harry for a reason, and it wasn't just to get to know him. She was faced with a real problem and needed some real help. Maybe. Just maybe Harry was the answer she was looking for. "Harry." Daphne looked at Harry, in his emerald green eyes, chewing her lip, nervous. "Could you teach me what you know, uh, about the Patronus charm?" There it was, the Kneazle was out of the bag and she hoped that Harry wouldn't go around talking to his friends about this conversation. "Sure, it'd be my pleasure to teach you." "Thanks, Harry. But, uh, just between us, could you not mention this to anyone? Please? I know we're from different Houses and different backgrounds, but I'm in Slytherin and they'd not be too easy on me if some of them found out I was with you." Daphne was nervous and Harry felt it. "You don't have to worry. Like we talked and agreed on previously, I won't mention this to anyone, not even my close friends, Ron, Hermione or Ginny." "Thanks, Harry. I appreciate your confidence in this and I'll do something for you in exchange." "Don't worry about that, Daphne. Just being with you is payment enough for me." Harry was looking down at the floor, his embarrassment was coloring his face beet red. Daphne reached out and patted Harry's hand. Harry was the Wizard she was looking for.