Inside we met an older woman with glasses that introduced herself as Professor McGonagall. After a while she led us into a big hall with four big tables. There was a bunch of children at each of the tables and in different colour clothes. We walk down the aisle between two tables and to the front where a bunch of professors are sitting. On a single small chair is a big, brown hat and Professor McGonagall goes to stand behind it. This must be the sorting hat. I gulp and look around me, at all of the children. They all seem excited to have us here. Professor McGonagall tells us that the headmaster would like to say a few words to us and an elderly man gets up and introduces himself as Professor Dumbledore. He talks about the rules and about the forbidden forest. Why would there be a forest so close to the castle if it was forbidden? And why is it forbidden? Is there something dangerous inside the forest? I gulp again and my eyes widen. Once the headmaster is done Professor McGonagall rolls open a parchment. "I'm going to read your name and when I do please step up to the sorting hat to be sorted," she said before starting to list off names. The first girl to be called up was a girl with fuzzy brown hair. She sits down and gets sorted into Gryffindor. She looks very proud about that fact and walks over to a gold and red covered table. Next up was a white haired boy. He was being mean earlier to a red haired boy and was trying to make friends with a dark haired boy. He looks like a horrible boy. He sits down and the hat doesn't even touch his head before it calls out 'Slytherin'. The table that is covered in green and silver cheers and the boy walks over to them with a smirk. Definitely a horrible boy. I look at Scarter and she has spaced out again. She needs to be careful or she might fail her classes. "Samanwhyne Chapman," Professor McGonagall says and I step up to the stool. I sit down and she places the hat on my head. "You have a good head on you; smart, resourceful and courageous. You could fit into Ravenclaw or Gryffindor," the hat says. He turns my head to the left and then to the right. "You have no opinion about either house and no reaction to my choices. You might be a difficult one to place," he continues. I shake my head slightly and frown. "Well Mister Hat, could you make a choice please? Quite frankly I would not mind being in either of those houses, from what I have heard both those houses are very respectable houses," I say to the hat and try to stare up at it. "Respectable as well and confidant. I believe you have made my choice for me. GRYFFINDOR!" he yells. I get up and walk past Scarter. I smile at her, hoping that by some miracle she gets into Gryffindor as well. "Scarter Maestro," Professor McGonagall says as I take a seat at the red and gold table. Scar, I decide her nickname will be, gulps and goes to take a seat. The hat is placed on her head and she stiffens. I cross my fingers. She rolls her eyes and I smile. A minute or two goes by before Scar scowls. "SLYTHERIN!" the hat says loudly. My mouth falls open and I stare at her. Her eyes goes wide and she looks shaken as she walks to her new house table. I look at her as the rest of the children's names were called. She looks sad and confused. I feel bad for her, I know she wanted to be in Ravenclaw. Yet I think she will thrive and show that this will not get her down. Suddenly a buffet appears on all of the tables and I stare at it in amusement. I dig in and look at the other kids around me. "Could you please pass me a bowl of corn?" a boy next to me asks. I hand the bowl over and he introduces himself as Neville Longbottom. I smile at him and tell him to call me Sam. After our bellies were stuffed we got up from our tables and form groups of two. I look over the Slytherin table and see Scar walking with the girl she was looking at earlier on the platform. I smile and try to get her attention but she isn't looking at me and I frown. Maybe we won't be friends after all. We follow our prefect to a portrait of a rather large lady. He gives her our password and she swings open to reveal a huge room. We walk into this beautiful room and the prefect calls it our common room. He shows us where our dorm rooms are and some of the girls and I walk up the steps to go find out which rooms is ours. I walk next to the girl with the fuzzy brown hair. "Hallo there, my name is Sam. What's yours?" I ask her. She smiles at me. "Hermione Granger. Nice to meet you," she says. Maybe she and I could be friends. The prefect tells us that we are in the same room and we share another smile. I think I might have made a good choice coming here. I feel like this is where I belong. Th only down side so far is not being in the same house as Scar. And maybe not being friends with her. HEY-HEY Hope you enjoyed that. If you did please leave a review, if you didn't please leave me a review and tell me what you don't like. There will be more to come so please hang in there. But without further a-do, Bye! Love from the wolfiest girl you will ever meet