witches and wizards have much more… creative ways of ensuring that the magical practitioners are held accountable for what they've claimed to have done, and been rewarded for. Customer service isn't just "profitable" or "niceness" to those selling to magical practitioners: Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, indeed. Eustace, while methodical and driven, was actually not the most obsessive, anal, and precise of his kind. There were Begizzers – like a gold-miner putting all his eggs in one basket to pan just one river; hoping that the saving of cost and the exclusivity of ownership would pay off – that only ever worked on one word, one gesture, one wand with one known wood and one known core at one known length and one known characteristic… to test every single permutation of how that one spell could be used. But these Specialist Begizzers, when encountered at all, are often considered… odd. And very dull at parties. And, like the aforementioned panning for gold where a prospector purchases from the relevant government the rights to pursue a seam or a location, a Begizzer petitions a country's Ministry of Magic: Administrative Registration Department for a sort of plot to work, or perhaps like a radio station buying bandwidth to exploit, Begizzers purchase sections of Lore to investigate… A shoddy Begizzer might work for a handful of years haphazardly mining their chosen 'vein' hoping to get randomly lucky, and exploring only simple offshoots from accepted spells. A thorough Begizzer like Eustace Fipps will work for a couple of decades on each section, refining his knowledge, and renewing his license every six years. A Begizzer might then retire by publishing a small tome of precise directions, or perhaps an entire grimoire of perfected spells – and if the Begizzer is media-savvy, ridicules a few imperfected spells. Calziferus Glaw as he retired, for instance, released what is widely considered to be the definitive specialist's guide to one particular spell's perfected delivery: " Accio and Intent: The Complete Summoner's Guide". Within the hefty tome, a magician could come to understand the intricate differences in will, word, wand and wave between, say, summoning a feather on the table in front of you, and calling to heel an elephant charging through a sandstorm without having it land on your chest. Think of it as something like the difference between buying a "Car Maintenance for Dummies" book, and hunting out the specific manual for a 1972 Austin Allegro 1.8l three-door, with the two-stroke double-cam v3 engine and the optional air conditioning... In hardback . Begizzerdry isn't a young warlock's/witches game, though; it's slow and painstaking, requires dedication and perseverance, and can be even more dull than perhaps it sounds, if that's possible. And there can be severe risks: performing so much daily magic has very occasionally turned a sorcerer into a squib (although Healers at St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries are more and more convinced that this may be psychosomatic – and some are even experimenting with muggle methods of psychology to reverse the process – though most treat these as quack doctors trying to make a quick sickle from "muggly-cuddly" placebos.) Another risk is that as a Begizzer would also use more, and more varied , magic in one year than an average witch or warlock, it increases the risk of magical mishap (a sneeze in the wrong place, and a spell to make it snow can suddenly become an avalanche of scorpions, for instance: or at least that is what is believed to have gone wrong by the widower of the late Elmina Blatvatatsky, who had access to both her notes and the knowledge that she'd forgotten to cast her divertus pollenus ward that spring, hayfevery day.) Not to mention that it's heavily skilled and a Begizzer's license can only be attained once a witch or warlock has proven to the Ministry of Magic that they're capable of handling, let's say, unexpected reactions. After just over twenty-eight years of slow, painstaking, pixie-step-by-pixie-step discovery, Begizzer Fipps working all on his own has amassed 2,016,443 precise (and sometimes lengthy, cross-referenced, with descriptions and diagrams and suggested counters) neatly-printed entries, held on 61,710 pages in 2,057 notebooks, kept in six (so far – a plastic barrel is added as a new extension is required) libraries that he calls "Minor Compenditories". And every day, he has been cautious, he has been careful, and he has been methodically precise. And he has needed to be: a Begizzer walks a fine line of wandering into unknown territory, risking the accidental discovery of a dangerous and difficult-to-control spell; or the severe risk of a "drainout" of magical ability, considering the number of spells plied per working day; and/or the greater risk of a magical mishap. It should be noted that there is a very real risk of a Begizzer just… disappearing – often along with great chunks of the surrounding countryside – and there is a very good reason that Begizzers are licensed and operate in disused parts of the world where few roam, and where the various Ministries of Magic/Parliaments of Power/Wu-Shi-Wei-Yuan/Wizengamots and Sorcelries can effectively protect the muggles and cover-up any… accidents. But even with the perils, there are some occasional, but potentially very substantial, rewards… And – like Eustace's possibly-unique Apathy Charms – every Begizzer holds a small collection of spells known only to themselves: Spells that work so effectively, they have no known counter-charms. Spells and techniques that offer duelling advantages can be found this way, even for less-powerful wizards. Spells that bring great advantage of wealth, or control, or power; that can improve the wizard, their chances in life, or could even alter the world. And for Begizzers everywhere, there is another store, a secret store, and for Eustace Fipps it is a different "Compenditory", a Major Compenditory – and that is the private collection of the Begizzer's greatest finds… And it is, of course, highly valuable; and poachers are always on the prowl.