head to see Ginny and Harry sleeping, their heads close together, empty mugs in their hands. Arthur and Molly were sitting close, their heads together talking quietly and smiling. Hermione stood from the couch and followed Esme to an empty table. She held a pint in her hand and pushed another as Hermione sat at the table. "Remember when we first met?" Esme asked after taking a sip of her pint. Hermione grinned, nodding at a table by the wall, "There. You had just finished singing and downed an entire pint. I knew you from the office, didn't dream you played music." Esme smiled. "You recognized me and we started talking. You were so pissed." Esme grimaced, "I don't remember anything..." "After a while, you demanded I buy you another drink." Hermione sat back in her chair and crossed her arms, smirking at Esme, "I got them, but you still paid." "Oh, dear." Esme said, her face red, "Couldn't possibly embarrass myself more." "I don't believe a word of that." Hermione said, drinking from her own mug before looking at her, "I've seen you do worse." "You're drunk." Esme accused. "So are you." They laughed. "Oh petal, this is all for show, an act." Esme said, looking at her, "Inside, I am still a wee school girl." "I loved you the moment I saw you." Hermione said, truthfully, "Hell, I wish I knew you at Hogwarts. Things might have been easier." "Hah, fat chance." Esme said smiling and leaning back into her chair, "The only magic I possess would have been whatever musical talents my father so graciously bestowed upon me. How far that would have gotten me..." "Better magical talent than Filch, the nasty man. Did I ever tell you about him?" "A few times. If you met me then, you would never have fallen in love, had such infamous, dangerous adventures, become who you are." Esme said, looking at Hermione jealously, "But, I do love your stories of Hogwarts." Hermione was quiet for a moment, "Do you find yourself feeling spiteful for not having magic?" Esme cocked her head thoughtfully, "Sometimes, I'll admit. When I'm feeling sorry for myself. Still, I'm well-known in many pubs around the country, in both muggle and magical worlds. I do alright." The two fell silent, but Hermione 's mind was far from quiet. Her thoughts were racing, subconsciously keeping her tears at bay, telling herself this was all just a dream, just a sick fantasy someone decided to force inside her memories. Esme finished her pint, noticing something on Hermione's face, "Truthfully, love, tell me how you are?" "I miss Ron." Hermione finally admitted, resting her chin on her hand. Esme placed a hand on Hermione's and said nothing. She continued, "I think about him all the time. I wish he was here to make me laugh, or fill me up with such rage from one of our stupid arguments. I wish..." Esme waited with a small smile. "Draco tried to save him, you know? Harry was there. So much chaos, there wasn't enough time...The big flaming idiot had to be the hero, he had to be the sacrifice. Why did he have to do that? Why? The stupid, stupid, idiot." "Oh, petal," Esme said, sympathetically, "You're so strong. I wish I was like you." Hermione snorted and the two laughed drunkenly. "I'm so angry. So bitter." Hermione finally said after a moment of silence. She was finally expressing herself, something she's been avoiding since Ron's death. She felt fresh tears down her cheeks. She didn't believe she had any left, "This...unshakable thought of wanting to hurt, to kill those that... This hasn't happened since Voldermort. Then it was personal, this time...it's worse." Esme didn't say anything, merely squeezed Hermione's hand. Hermione let out a sigh and wiped away her tears with the back of her hand. She took in a deep breath and reached for her pint, draining it. With a satisfied sigh, she dropped it on the table. "Feeling better?" Esme softly. "Yes." Hermione said with small sigh, "Thank you." "We need to talk." Hermione and Esme both looked up and saw Harry standing over them, his face uncharacteristically dour and very sober. "We thought you were gone." Esme said. Harry reached around and moved the nearest chair over to their table and sat, "It's important." "Okay, " Esme raised her eyebrows and started to stand, "I'll just go pack-" "No." Harry said, placing a hand on her shoulder, "I need you here." Esme raised an eyebrow, then said, "What about Ginny?" "Bill and Fleur will take care of her." Harry said, glancing over his shoulder, then he looked between Hermione and Esme. "What's this about, Harry?" Hermione asked. "Ron." Harry replied, shortly. Esme frowned, "What the hell...?" Harry was talking very low, "Listen, it's important we all find a place to talk, but definitely not here, too many ears." Hermione stared at Harry, he looked almost manic, "Harry..." "Not now." Harry watched her, "Have you seen Malfoy today?" "Briefly, at the funeral." "He's already started." Harry muttered under his breath, Hermione and Esme exchanged glances, Harry continued, "I'll see you at work tomorrow, Hermione. Esme, stay in town, please?" "Are you going to explain this-" Esme said waving her hands in a wide circle, "-mad-speak?" "Not now." Harry stood and moved the chair back to its original table, "Stay in town." The two of them watched Harry move away from the table. He pulled out his wand and with a twist of his wrist, a loud bang and he apperated. "What the bloody hell was that about?" Esme said slowly, looking at Hermione. Hermione shrugged her shoulders and shook her head, staring at her friend. She knew Harry, he was aware of something happening, and his hunches were always reliable. If this was about Ron, he and Malfoy must know something, picked up on something no one else had. Problem was, Ron's case was already closed, according to Robards.