everything else, but we have some new recruits who look promising. Ah, speaking of!" Fudge turned to them. He had clearly been scowling. Tonks was reminded of a clown toy she had as a child which would smile, the edges of the mouth moving and twisting while the middle of the lips stayed flatlined. It was the same effect Fudge had. "An honor sir," Hancock said, extending a hand. "Never expected such an exciting first day." "My pleasure, my pleasure," Fudge said, taking his hand. "And another woman on the force." "Wotcher, Minister," Tonks said. Hancock shot her a look as though what she had just done offended his very being. Which, Tonks thought, made the choice even better. "This is Orion Hancock and Nympha—" "Just Tonks," Tonks interrupted him. Shacklebolt gave her the same entertained glance he had during the trials. "I don't use my first name when I can help it. Fact is, I was first interested in being an auror when I learned they tend to call each other by their last names." "Oh?" Fudge asked, giving a confused glance back at Shacklebolt. "I didn't know that was how some people chose their careers." "Only the floundering ones," Tonks joked. His clown-grin faltered a moment. "Hancock," Fudge said. "Your dad doesn't happen to work for the Department of Magical Beings, does he?" "He does, sir," Hancock said. "Good man," Fudge said approvingly. "Well, we hope to see great things from the two of you. I'll leave you to it, Shacklebolt." With a tip of his hat he was out in a flurry of nods from Hancock and a handshake for both of them. Tonks turned back to Shacklebolt, anxious to find out who she would be working with in the department. "We're glad to have you both with us," Shacklebolt started. "I will show you to your desks in a moment. You know that first year aurors are often paired with a veteran just to get their feet wet. However, we have taken in more aurors this year than ever before. As a result of your high scores on the trials, you will both be working … semi-independently." "Semi?" Tonks asked. That sounded worse than being under the watchful eye of some old timer constantly trying to hand down their pearls of wisdom. "The two of you will essentially be working together," Shacklebolt said. "You will have the same caseload and you will confer with me on the discoveries. However, we have placed your desks next to one another so that you will be able to compare notes and have at least a little of that support system from a colleague." Tonks thought she was going to be sick. Hancock was nodding enthusiastically at this news, but she knew he must be just as disgusted as she was over this. "What kind of cases?" Tonks asked. Maybe that would save it. "I'm sure you are both aware of the Sirius Black investigation," Shacklebolt said. "It's the Ministry's top priority at the moment." "Yes, sir," Hancock said. "I need you both to have your eyes on all accusations," Shacklebolt said. "No matter how trivial or contrived they may seem, I want them investigated until they get to a null position. There will be other, smaller infractions that you will be asked to cover as we go along. I trust the two of you will be able to determine whether more than one person is necessary and go from there?" "Yes, sir," Hancock said again. Tonks had a feeling she would hear those two words from his mouth often in the coming months. "The last thing I have is for you to keep your calendars free from the twentieth until the twenty-fifth," Shacklebolt said. "Wait, all day?" Tonks asked, narrowing her eyes. "Yes, nights as well," Shacklebolt said. "We will need you on call." "Are you having a laugh?" Tonks snapped. Hancock looked at her in shock. "Five days? Is this some kind of hazing to make the greenies be on call?" Shacklebolt only smiled. "Alastor said you would keep us all on our toes," he replied. Tonks felt irritated that he would skirt the issue. "No, actually, it's department wide. It's for the World Cup." Tonks blinked. "Oh." "The members of the department were going to get free tickets and rotate when each member got to go watch for a bit, but if you don't like the arrangement I can always talk to Dawlish and—" "No, that's alright," Tonks said. "Just… just making sure everything was above board and all that." "Good," Shacklebolt said. "Alright, then, this way." They followed Shacklebolt to a corner space where their desks were placed across from one another. Tonks and Hancock were instructed that they had an hour to get settled in before orientation would begin. "Bloody hell, if all of that paperwork this morning wasn't orientation, what's that going to be like?" Tonks asked, more to herself than anyone else. "Could you watch how you talk to people a bit?" Hancock asked, clearly irritated. "What do you mean?" "How about not telling the Minister of Magic that you only took the job so people would call you by your surname?" Hancock pointed out. Tonks rolled her eyes. "I'm just saying, if we're going to work together then what you do will reflect on me too, you know? Could you just… cut it a bit? We're not in the academy anymore and you don't have Moody here to play favorites." Hancock turned to his side of the area, adjusting a few books, pulling out pictures and starting to make his space more homey. Tonks rolled her eyes at him again and turned to her own desk. No, they weren't in the academy anymore. And even though she would have liked to have Mad-Eye nearby, she could help but smile. There was a placard with the letters N. TONKS in bold white letter. She was an auror. This was going to be great.