sees you're pregnant and kills you because of" he pointed at her stomache, "that? This is the most stupid thing you have ever tried to do!" Hermione's expression hardened. "Get out of my office Harry." He slammed the door behind him and her head hit the desk as she began to cry. The door opened without her hearing. "What's wrong?" asked a familiar voice. Hermione jerked her head up. "Everything. What are you doing here?" "I'm an auror now. I was training with Potter and Weasel." "So I'm going to working with you now?" " You'll be working with them too." "Oh I doubt that. They want nothing to do with me at the moment." "Care to explain why?" "I'd rather not." "Ok. Well, this one has more to do with your department than ours." "Thank you, Malfoy." Several months had gone by. Hermione was now in her eighth month of pregnancy and the only person she had any contact with, was Malfoy. She had gotten a flat. She arrived to her office before the aurors everyday so she didn't see Harry or Ron anymore. Hardly anyone knew she was pregnant. She brought lunch everday so she had no reason to leave her office, until today. Draco had brought her a paper to look over and he had other files to go through at the time so he didn't stay and wait for her to finish. She reluctantly left her office. Most people didn't notice her walking by, but those that did, stopped what they were doing and watched her walk over to Draco Malfoy's desk. She stopped in front of his desk. He finished the paper he was in the middle of going over and began to look up at her when he noticed her potruding stomache. His eyes widened and he looked on up to her eyes. "I had no idea you were pregnant. If I had I would've waited for this," he said as he reached for the paper. "Is this the problem between," he nodded his head towards the male portion of the golden trio. She made the mistake of glancing over at them. She turned and went back to her office as quick as she was capable of at the moment. Draco laid the paper down on his desk and went after her. She was standing with her hands on her desk and slightly bent over. "Is this why they won't talk to you anymore?" Hermione nodded. "Since neither of them talk to you, I assume the baby doesn't belong to either of them... So who is the father?" She gasped and clutched at her stomache. "What's wrong?" And ran over and turned her around to face him. "You look so pale. Do you want me to take you to St. Mungo's?" She nodded. He grabbed her hand and apparated them. He grabbed the first healer he saw. "I need someone to check on her immediately!" The healer looked to see who 'She' was. She jumped foward immediately when she noticed the pregnant Gryffindor princess. "Come, dear. There's and open room just over here." Draco helped her to the room and turned to leave when she grabbed on to his hand. "Please stay. I have no one else right now." He looked at her sadly then sat down beside her on the bed. After a few minutes of checking Hermione over she spoke. We need to move you to another room. Your baby is coming. Quickly" "It's too early!" Hermione was worried. "The baby will only be three weeks early. There will be nothing wrong." When they arrived in the next room, Draco turned to Hermione. "You're sure there's no one I can get to be here with you?" She shook her head. "No. I obliviated my parents so they would be safe during the war and no one can reverse it." The contractions were coming closer and more painful. What about the father?" She scrambled to try to lean over the edge of the bed and vomited all over the floor. "I'm going to go... Get someone to clean this up." Someone came to clean it up, but Draco did not come back. It didn't bother her much since it wasn't long after that the main healer came in and she began the long, painful process of giving birth to her child. Draco came into her room after they told him it was safe. The baby was laying on the bed beside her and wasn't visible when he walked thru the door. He didn't get too close. "So, is it a boy or girl?" "A girl." Hermione smiled a little. "Does she look just like you?" Her eyebrows drew together a bit. "No... She seems to look just like her father." she rolled over and pulled her baby a bit closer to her. Draco gasped. He recognized that hair. Her hair looked like- "it was you." She turned her head so she could see him a little. "What?" "It was you. You were the one at the manor. You were the one-" he took a deep breath. "I'm her father?" Hermione was quiet for a moment. "yes." "Were you ever going to tell me? I had no idea who it was that night. I only saw the hair." "I wanted to tell you... I just wasn't sure how you would react." He nodded. "I can understand that. Considering how i used to treat you. Have you named her yet?" "No. I haven't been able to come up with a name actually." "Well, if you don't mind if I help you decide, I Like the name Lyra." "A constellation? Even tho she isn't a pureblood, you still what to follow your family's traditions?" "I never was one the believe in the pureblood bullshit. I only went along with it in school so my father wouldn't disown me. My mother only wants me to be happy." Hermione smiled. "I think Lyra sounds like a wonderful name."