which could hide him from Death itself. All the three brothers went different ways. The first brother joined a war where he became fast friends with one of the soldiers fighting alongside him. He trusted him enough to tell the story. But the person in question is a traitor and spy among the ranks. He killed him and ran off with the Elder Wand. The killer is now commonly known as Beedle the Bard. The second brother Cadmus Peverell recalled spirits of his family and gained comfort from them. He placed the stone in the ring which is usually worn by the Head of the House. He died passing the ring to his son. His son isn't noble and selfless as his father and used the ring to call the spirits and used them for his own gain. Death lost his temper seeing the gifts created by him for his friends being used that way. So he placed a compulsion charm that made them perform his tasks to teach them a lesson. The third brother Ignotus Peverell travelled all around the world and returned to hear the passing of his second brother and murder of his first brother. So he tried to track the killer with no clue who the killer is. Nearly giving up his pursuit the clue came out the form of a children's story book. Even though he wanted to restore honour of his brothers, he knew that it would paint target on his family. So he requested his second brother's children to change their family name, passed the cloak to his son who didn't have a heir, he went to Beedle's house to retrieve the Elder Wand. But in exchange for his life Beedle traded the wand to Emeric the Evil. Ignotus killed him. He knew he is past his prime and not wanting to pick a fight endangering his family, he trained Egbert the Egregious to kill Emeric. After he's killed, he called Death to take his soul and finally rested in peace. "And this my dear Master is the real story of Deathly Hallows." Death replied calmly. "So you're not being a vengeful spirit and created them because you're cheated of your due." Harry asked him breathlessly, his mind reeling from the information he received "What due am I cheated of? Do I seem like a loan shark who treats life as some sort of money? Every person dies sometime or the other. I am final destination for any person. That imbecile stated that I am pissed at the Three Brothers because they ruined my chances of gaining more souls. Human life is fragile. If not by drowning in that river they can be killed in many ways. Old age, accidents, murder, disease and my least favourite war to quote some means of dying. Do you know how many ghosts 👻 return back to this world? In Hogwarts itself you saw hundreds of ghosts. You don't see me holding grudge against them. Need anymore proof then that?" "I met Professor Dumbledore in Limbo twelve years ago. Is it a dream or did you impersonate him?" Harry asked. "It's that old coot actually. I sentenced him one year six month of servitude. That's actually his last day of his work under me. He asked me to speak with you just for once and I granted him that. I trapped the soul of Tom Marvolo Riddle too. You must have seen it. Horrifying days those are. Even with eight members the work load is too high." He replied. Harry felt its ironical that oldest being in the universe called Professor Dumbledore an old coot. "Eight members?" Harry asked arching an eyebrow. " I sentenced the bits of soul of your nemesis fifteen years (they cursed the living ones repeatedly), Gregorovitch Mykew seven years, Gellert Grindelwald ten years. The time of the old coot is up before the war broke out." Death pouted and Harry tried to shake off the image. "A final question. Why did Beedle describe Ignotus as wise and humble person in the story. I knew better than anyone that history is written by victors. So why didn't he tarnish reputation of Ignotus Peverell?" Harry asked puzzled. "Beedle is a vain, arrogant and power hungry miser. He wrote the book to gain fame and fortune. He confirmed the deaths of first two brothers, but not the third brother. So he painted Ignotus as wise, intelligent, humble and selfless person. He wrote the book hoping that he might gain atleast one of the three hallows by spouting a cock-and-bull story and con the Invisibility Cloak. And using it he may steal it back from Emeric. Leglimacy and Occlumency are practiced less during that period and to Beedle's misfortune Ignotus Peverell is master of both of them. He picked out the thoughts and killed him brutally." Death informed. "So you're here to show me the ropes and hand over the reins." Harry asked hesitantly. "Not really even though I'd love to do that. Matter of fact I'm here to cancel the compulsion on you for a price. Need a favour from you Harry. It's a heavy burden but please listen to the entire proposal and then accept or reject it." Death pleaded. "Why does Death himself, the most powerful being in the entire universe, need my help?" Harry mused. He doesn't mind loosing thirty years of servitude (one month in human world) but he knew that nothing comes without a price. "Because if my calculations are correct, I will cease to exist after fifty years." He trailed off ominously after being silent for few moments. "WHAT THE HELL" Harry shouted shocked. And that's a wrap. This is rewrite of my fanfiction Second Wind. English isn't my first language. I tried my best to prevent grammatical errors but some might have seeped in. So if there's a person out there who enjoyed this fanfiction and wanted to be my beta reader please PM me. Yours Sincerely, ~SalamanderNatsu.