had quite a bit of it down his front. He pointed to Draco's tawny eagle, Terrace, who was waiting, patiently, for his tidbit of food. Draco frowned. When had Terrace arrived? He shook his head, he must have been to caught up in his own thoughts. He had, upon his mother's persuasion, left Terrace at home, so she could send him a package of things he had either forgotten, or some sweets, that she always sent for him daily. It was a sack of Chocolate Frogs and Cauldron Cakes that had gotten Crabbe's attention. Pointing a chubby finger at the sweets, he asked "You going to eat those, Draco?" "No. Take them, if you want." he took package of confections off of Terrace's leg and threw it across the table. Immediately, Crabbe tore it open and began stuffing his face. Goyle also joined in, grabbing for a Cauldron Cake. Wiping the disgusting look off his face, he resorted to reading the letter he had also gotten. It read: Draco, Your Father and I hope you have a great year. While you may be caught up in the excitement of the Triwizard Tournament Hogwarts is hosting this year, he reminds you to look after your marks, as well. 476/500 is simply not acceptable when that muggle-born Granger got higher than you. Anyway, I hope our dear little boy has an amazing year at school Hugs and Kisses, Mummy Scowling, he crumpled up the bloody letter and shoved it in his robes. Why did his parents always expect him to excel at every damn thing he did? To be better than the rest? Why did they even care? Sighing, he looked around the Slytherin table. Many of the first years were sitting by themselves, talking about the first year at the new school. He saw Daphne Greengrass talking to another girl, who looked just like her. She was good-looking, and had the signature Greengrass upturned rose and a slender, graceful build, but while Daphne had waves of blonde hair resting on her shoulders, the other girl (her sister?) had straight, chocolate colored that cascaded to her waist. She also had wide, innocent violet eyes that kept darting here and there. Only first years looked at the Great Hall with such amazement the first few days they were at Hogwarts, so maybe this girls was Daphne's younger sister. But she didn't look 11. She actually looked the same age as Daphne, but Draco had never seen her before. But there was something about her. She looked...a bit jittery. Fragile. As if anything could take her down, and not to mention how nervous she looked. Who was she? Astoria's Point of View Astoria sighed, happily. She had managed to find the Great Hall after 10 minutes of searching, but it didn't matter; she was at Hogwarts, and was the happiest girl alive. No more illness. She could attend Hogwarts happily, with no need to worry. She felt like doing cartwheels around the table, but didn't dare. It was likely to get her locked up in St. Mungo's mental ward, if she did. She was grinning stupidly, and that was probably what got Daphne's attention. "Tori, are you OK?" she asked. "I'm fine...just really happy!" she said, still smiling. "Right...anyway, come on, I'll introduce you to Pansy." Daphne gestured for a pug-faced, dark-haired girl to come over. "Hey Pans! This is my sister, Astoria. I've told you about her, right?" "Hi!" Pansy squealed, squeezing Astoria's hand way too tight. "I'm Pansy! You're the one with the illness, right? Abrania, or something? Anyway, Daphne, have you decided whether or not to ask out Theo this year?" Astoria zoned out of the conversation pretty quickly. She could have cared less about Daphne's love life. You'd think Daphne and Pansy were 11 year olds, the way they squealed and over reacted to every single thing. But they weren't. Daphne was actually 14, just like Astoria. The two sisters were only 7 months away, but Daphne often acted like they were 7 years apart, treating Astoria like a two year old, and always fussing over her, like she couldn't take care of herself. It was one of the few things Astoria found irksome about Daphne, but most times, she managed to get away from her sister when she tried to baby her. Her gaze fell upon another boy, who seemed to be staring at her and Daphne. He was rather dashing, with a pale, pointed chin, a sharp nose, and sleek blond hair that looked like it was gelled back. The one feature she found the most good-looking was his piercing eyes. They were wide, but quizzical, and were a deep, dark grey. She cocked an eyebrow, but the boy continued to stare at her, at her hair, her face, and her hands. She wondered what he could possibly be thinking. He also looked back and forth from her and Daphne. Drumming his fingers on the table. Perhaps he was wondering if they were sisters. Daphne wasn't necessarily friends with everyone in Slytherin, there was a chance that most people didn't know she had a younger sister who had been diagnosed with a life-threatening illness. Quickly, she looked away from him and continued to admire the beauty and grandeur of the Great Hall. No room in the Greengrass Manor was as huge as this. She laughed, but it went unnoticed. She didn't care. She was at Hogwarts, her dream had, after 3 long years (she had been wanting to go ever since Daphne had began to attend the school), she was finally here, at Hogwarts. She was at Hogwarts at last. A/N: So...how was it? I think I can get at least one more chapter uploaded before Spring Break ends. Pay attention to the dream and Astoria's description of her wand...they are going to come back in later in the story! Please leave reviews...they are what motivate me to keep writing! I am open to constructive critisicm and compliments!