girl's eyes. "Sing it to yourself. I'll be well back before you finish." She hugged the trembling girl once more, stood, and turned to Edward. "What are you doing?" Edward asked as his captor strode across the room to him. "Taking out the trash," Lavender said with a smirk. A small glass phial appeared in her hand. She ripped a lock of hair from his head and stuffed it into the phial while he yelled his protest. Then she shoved the phial into her satchel, grabbed his arm, and Disapparated. Edward had time to see the beach and smell the salt air before the crushing darkness enveloped him again. The world came back as a rush of air. He was falling. "Goodbye, Edward," the werewolf shouted as they fell, and then she vanished. He hit the water hard. Coughing and spluttering he broke the surface and gasped. She had left him, dropping him into the ocean. The salt water stung the host of cuts and gashes he had taken from his encounter with the werewolf, and his ankle, mouth, chest, and knee were sources of agony, but he was alive and a strong swimmer. He knew he'd make land, and Edward laughed. What? You thought I'd just give up and drown? You're as stupid as the rest of them, ugly bitch. Edward Warden wasn't done yet. He spat some foamy, bloody water from his mouth and started painfully swimming in the direction he was sure was north. He didn't see the first shark until almost three hours later. Lavender reappeared in the basement prison and gathered Lindsey in her arms. "Let's get you home," she said softly. "What did you do with Edward?" she asked, wide eyed. "He's fish food." The sensation that followed was the strangest thing Lindsey had ever felt. The whole world went dark, and then it felt as if she was a rubber band that had been stretched almost to the breaking point and then let snap back into shape. She shook her head and looked around. Her own familiar bed was in front of her and she dropped down onto it. She was home. As she sat on the bed she looked up into the werewolf's eye's and began to shiver and weep in earnest. "Thank you, thank you, Lavender. I'll never forget you." The tears flowed harder. "I'll never forget any of this." Lavender, with her wand in her hand, sat on the bed and gathered the shaking, tortured girl in her arms. She stroked her hair and held her while she shook with sobs. The werewolf kissed the top of girls head and smiled down at her as their eyes met for the last time. "Fortunately for everyone, Lindsey, yes, yes you will." "Everything fine?" Hermione asked, as Lavender joined her and Rose at the table in the small diner. "Oh yes, all sorted." She straightened her dress, looked up, and caught the eye of the waiter across the room. Rose's face was hidden behind Hermione's copy of Advanced Potion Making. Lavender looked at her and shook her head. "Good evening, Rose, a little light reading?" Rose's voice floated over the top of the book. "Good evening, Aunt Lavender. Just getting ready for September" "September three years from now," Lavender said, chuckling "So the Muggles problem is solved?" Hermione said knowingly. Lavender pulled the phial from her bag. And set it on the table. Edwards's hair was clearly visible. "Soon," she said. Hermione grasped the situation immediately. "Keeping track?" Lavender nodded and looked out of the window, staring into infinity. "Sun's low on the horizon." She said in a faraway voice, a small smile on her face. "Certainly would be a bad time to be swimming around in the open ocean whilst one was bleeding." Hermione's eyes widened in shock. "You didn't," she said in a whisper. Lavender met her gaze, an ice cold hint of a grin on her face, and the two women shared a moment of understanding. Hermione rolled her eyes and shook her head. "And the girl?" "All healed and safe at home with no memories that hurt," Lavender said, looking pleased. Lavender was still smiling when the waiter appeared "Something to drink, mam?" Lavender sniggered. "I'm not the queen." She chuckled again. "Water please, and I'm ready to order." "What would you like?" "The biggest, rarest steak you have," Lavender answered. "That's a thirty two ounce porterhouse, um, miss. Perhaps you'd like the 16 once New York?" Lavender looked at him and smirked. "The porterhouse, and don't cook it more than three minutes." She handed him the menu with an air of authority. "No more than three minutes. Understood?" "Yeah, okay," he said with doubt in his voice. "Baked, mashed or fries?" "Just the steak." "And your salad?" She looked up at him from under her eyebrows. "Just the steak." "Um, uh, yes mam, miss. Okay." he scurried away. "Sweets for the sweet?" Hermione asked, grinning. Lavender smiled. "She was very helpful today; I thought I'd treat her." Rose's face appeared over the top of the book. "Aunt Lavender, look," she said, pointing to the phial. The hairs were glowing. Lavender grin grew fierce. "Au revoir, Edward," she said. The hairs suddenly went very bright and turned to ashes. Lavender looked up into Hermione's eyes again. "Problem solved." Rose looked at her mother and nanny. She had pieced everything together. "You saved that girl in the Muggle newspaper today, didn't you, aunt Lavender?" Lavender nodded at her. "Yes, Rosie, I did." Rose looked at the phial of ashes. "And the man that took her. No one needs to worry about him ever again, do they?" "No, they don't" Rose looked at her nanny with a huge grin. "I love you, Aunt Lavender." Lavender patted her hand. "I love you too, Rosie." Malum captus vos ! (Evil has taken you), ostendo mihi suus visio! (show me his face), ostendo mihi suus locus! (show me his place). " locus." (Place).