Finally, he sat back down on the bed and decided to try to go back to sleep. This attempt was in vain because his dozing dreams of speeding away on the Hogwarts Express only led to disappointment when he returned to the land of the waking and realized that there were still two hours left. Suddenly, there was a knock at his door. He jumped up, looking at the clock thinking that it was finally time to leave, but found that it was still too early. "Sirius? It's me," Regulus's voice sounded. The older brother got up and opened the door for him. "I'm surprised you're up this early, Regulus. You're not the one going to Hogwarts," Sirius said, smirking. "But I'm glad you're awake. I'm bored out of my mind waiting!" "Sirius…" Regulus stepped fully into the room and closed the door. Sirius led him over to the bed and they sat together. The younger boy bowed his head. "I'm worried about you." "Aw, Reg, you have nothing to worry about. I'll be alright. I'll be perfect actually, away from our lovely parents and this drab old place." "That's not what I mean and you know it." Regulus pouted and Sirius chuckled. "Really, Sirius. I've overheard Mum and Dad talking. They know you won't be in Slytherin, and they plan on punishing you for it because you'd be disgracing the family name." Sirius snorted. "Oh yeah, like that bothers me. Come on, Reg, what's the worst they can do? Have Kreacher spank me?" He waved his hand as if he were physically pushing the thought away. Regulus shook his head. "I don't think it'd be that simple. Please, would you just try to get into Slytherin? If only to protect yourself." "Oh sure, Reg!" Sirius said with an overly bright smile and a voice sweetened with artificial sugar. "And instead of being with some actually decent folks, I'll be stuck with a bunch of psychopaths who want to kill me because I refuse to use the Dark Arts." Regulus couldn't argue this point. "And on top of that, I know Mum and Dad will try to punish me anyway for something," he continued going back to his normal voice, "so it might as well be something that's worth it. I won't fit in there, Reg. I'm not like them." Regulus sighed. "I know you're not. You wouldn't fit in there any better than in our own house…Just promise me that you won't get into trouble." Sirius gave him a sly grin. "No can do, little brother. It's who I am." "You're impossible," Regulus said with a wary smile. The two sat in silence for a moment before Sirius cleared his throat. "Uh, Reg…I'm gonna…uh…miss you." He turned away, embarrassed by showing his affection. "I'll write to you all the time and tell you all about my fabulous adventures as a wizard," he said to try to break the awkward atmosphere. "I'll miss you too, Sirius. It won't be the same here without Mum and Dad screaming at you for something." Both boys laughed quietly. "You'll just have to take my place. Nah, I'm just kidding," Sirius amended when he saw his brother's horrified look. "I wouldn't want you to follow in my footsteps. I mean, I do in a way. I don't want you to wind up all corrupted like them . But I wouldn't want you in my position. When you get a little older then maybe you can start standing up to them." "I don't think I'll ever be able to, Sirius," he said flopping back on the bed. "You're so brave. No one else ever dares to talk back to Mum, not even Bellatrix. I could never do what you do." Sirius let out a little self-satisfied giggle. "Well, you're right. No one could ever be anything close to my greatness." Regulus rolled his eyes. "But I'm gonna help you out. Once we're alone at school together, we can be in the same House, and I'll be able to mold you in my image." Regulus laughed and shook his head. "Right. If you say so." There was another pause before Sirius said what next came to his mind. "Reg, can I tell you something? And you won't think I'm any less cool?" "I didn't think you were that cool to begin with." His brother sniffed. "What is it?" Sirius twiddled his thumbs where his hands were folded in his lap. "Well...I'm kind of afraid. Not of the House thing or the schoolwork or anything. I'm afraid that...people will see me as nothing but a clone of the rest of the family. That they'll think I'm Dark and they won't give me a chance to prove that I'm different. They'll hear my name and avoid me and…I won't make friends." "Sirius, not everyone in the school is going to act that way," Regulus said, trying to cheer him up. "There's bound to be some people who take you for who you are rather than your name. And in the end, you only need those few. As long as they care about you, that's all that matters." Sirius was surprised at his brother's mature insight and thought that if he had the chance to not be in Slytherin (for as much as he liked to admit it, that seemed to be where he was going), he might make a good Ravenclaw. "I guess you're right...But I won't believe you until I've actually made some friends." The two of them sat together for the rest of the morning, talking lightly about whatever they could think of pertaining to Hogwarts, until a scream from their mother summoned them to the kitchen for breakfast. That would be the last time for a long while that he'd have to answer to her shrill voice for meal times, or anything else, and with that to look forward to, Sirius happily dressed and made his way downstairs for the best day of his life.