sell it, and moved to a new country. It had to be the least magical country they could find which still spoke English. They eventually immigrated to Canada and settled in Vancouver. This area had the most English type weather system - mostly rain and not a lot of snow. HATTWT Harry and Neville flung themselves into their 5th year studies. Keeping themselves tucked away in the Come and Go room that was known only to the House Elves, they had 4 months between the Second and Third tasks to study up on their OWL level courses in order to sit the OWL exams a whole year early. They were deep into Charms, Transfiguration, Potions, Herbology, History of Magic, DADA and Astronomy. Of the 5 electives available to them they were taking Muggle Studies, Ancient Runes and Arithmancy. This allowed them a total of 10 OWL exams to take. March rolled into April which floated into May and soon it was June. Since Harry already knew that the third task would be a maze. He had practiced mostly those spells that would defend himself from Hagrids various dangerous creatures. Although Harry and Neville had both naturally studied all the fifth year spells as well. Dumbledore had been desperate to contact Harry during this time, but every time he demanded that Fawkes take him to wherever Harry was, the Phoenix refused to do so. June 21st was the summer equinox, the longest day of the year in the northern hemisphere. June 24th was the day of the 3rd task. The announcement was made through the school that all champions were required to be down on the Quidditch pitch at 11 am, thank you. Harry made his way down to the pitch, under a disillusionment charm as always. And Neville went to the stands under Harrys invisibility cloak like he usually did. Dumbledore was hoping he could catch Harry early and have a chat to the boy, but he could not be seen anywhere. As the 12 pm starting time for the Task drew near, Dumbledore became more frantic. The 3 other official champions were present, Cedric, Viktor and Fleur, but no Harry. Since Harry had won the first task and Cedric the second task, this put the two of them tied for first place. Fleur and Viktor were both tied for third place since both of them had one incomplete task and one task in which they had come in second. Therefore Cedric and Harry would both enter the maze together at 12 noon, and the other two would enter the maze together 3 minutes later. The whistle blew and Cedric was seen to enter the maze alone. Noone except for Luna saw anyone else enter the maze. Luna could see Harry's aura as plain as day but naturally never said anything. She watched Harry's aura stop at the first corner inside the maze and wait. Three minutes later after the second whistle blew and Fleur and Victor entered the maze, and after they had turned the first corner, Luna watched Harry's aura as it did a leisurely walk through the maze, blasting an acromantula here and having to walk upside down through an anti-gravity charm there. Then she watched as Harry's aura found another corner and sat down to wait. In the meantime Cedric was making all haste to the centre of the maze. He had no trouble with acromantula spiders, confundus charms, and blasted end skrewts although he was held up by the Sphinx in trying to solve her riddle. But, within 15 minutes of entering the maze, Cedric was getting very close to the centre of the maze. Once he arrived, it was a race between himself, the cup and the last acromantula spider trying to skewer him, as to who won. Cedric reached the cup seconds before the large spider did, but then the portkey activated and Cedric disappeared. As he disappeared the maze was also magically ended and the hedges began dropping into the ground. Harry appeared in his corner, Viktor appeared standing over an unconscious Fleur as if he had beaten her. And Cedric was nowhere to be found. The cup was gone. This caused chaos. Harry had not wanted to make an "appearance" but he had to show up just to prove that he did do the third task. So even if noone saw him enter the maze, he was there legally at the end, thus satisfying the terms of the magical contract which was now expired. It no longer had any binding on any of the champions. Fleur was rescued. Viktor was thrown into Azkaban for assaulting the French Ministers daughter and Harry disappeared while being led away to safety by Alastair Moody. Dumbledore went looking for Harry. He had caught a glimpse of the boy in the maze when it first dropped, and had assigned Moody to take the boy to safety in the headmasters office, so that Dumbledore could interrogate him. But for some reason, both Harry and Moody had disappeared. After stunning Moody, tying him up, and emptying the flask that Moody had always carried around with him, Harry and Neville met up in a quiet corner of the Hogwarts grounds. They called Dobby to collect their trunks and other stuff from the Come and Go room, and transport their belongings and themselves to Potter Castle. Cedric's body and the Triwizard cup was found several days later in the graveyard of a village called Little Hangleton. Cedric was declared the winner since he had reached the cup first, despite his death. Harry and Neville disappeared, which left Dumbledore frantically trying to find them to no avail. The End. A/N I will eventually be posting a sequel, (or the second half of this story) but I currently have writers block so it may take a while to get it done and posted. My other HP story - HIPS (Hidden in Plain Sight) - will also remain on hiatus for some time.