treat. "Professor, do you think I could make my mummy a birthday card? Dudley makes one for my aunt every year, but I don't have anyone to make one for." A gentle expression crossed her face. Looking around to ensure on one was around, she conjured some coloured paper and crayons. She slowly ate her soup while he carefully worked on his card. When he was done, he folded it in half. He showed it to her. "Do you think mummy would like it?" Taking the card, Minerva had to blink back tears. On the cover was a picture of a little boy with black hair and an angel with long red hair and green eyes. Inside, he had carefully written out – 'Happy Birthday, Mummy! Love, Harry' . "It is lovely," she said. "Your mum would be thrilled to receive that from you." He sat back with a smile. He'd always wanted to make cards for someone. Dudley made lots of cards for Aunt Petunia, but the one time Harry tried to make her a card she criticized it and threw it away. "D-do you think I could leave it for her?" It took Minerva a minute to work out what he meant. "You want to leave it on her grave? I think that is a lovely idea." Once she paid, they bundled up against the cold and walked back to the church. Harry confidently walked back over to the graveyard and knelt down. "Mummy, I won't be here on your birthday, but I wanted to make you a card. Happy Birthday, Mummy." "You could tuck it into the flowers," Professor McGonagall suggested. When he did so, she cast a few spells on it. At his questioning look, she said, "My spells will keep your card from getting torn or prevent the weather messing it up." When they left the graveyard this time, she steered him towards the church itself. She smiled when she saw Charity Webb waiting for them in the lobby. "Professor, it is so nice to see you again," Charity said as she shook the older woman's hand. Minerva smiled. "Miss Webb, Charity, it is good to see you as well. This is Harry Potter." Charity smiled and shook his hand as well. "Hello, Harry. I am so glad you sent me that letter. Did you find your parents' grave?" He nodded. "We left flowers and a birthday card for my mummy." "What a lovely idea," Charity said. "If you would like to come to my office, I believe I can help you." Harry and Charity chatted easily while they walked to her office. He told her how much information he had on his family. Once they arrive in her office, she gestured to a small table upon which rested two boxes. "I pulled out our parish registers." Glancing at Minerva she mouthed over his head, "Does he know?" Minerva nodded. Charity said, "I found your grandparents' marriage certificate." She handed it to him. Together they found his great-grandparents' names and finished filling out his school work. Charity was very patient with him. She helped him trace his heritage back to Hardwin Potter, the first Potter to move to Godric's Hollow. Hardwin married Iolanthe Peverell who could trace her roots to Ignotus Peverell who had died in Godric's Hollow in 1291. Charity gave him a small booklet that contained copies of the birth and wedding certificates of his ancestors as well as a handful of photographs. He found a picture of his grandparents' wedding as well as a very old photo of his grandfather with his parents. His favourite was a picture of his parents. It had been taken at a Christmas party and they were standing in an embrace smiling at each other. "She is so pretty," Harry breathed. Charity nodded. "That she is." Turning the page, he found a copy of a portrait. Charity smiled. "This is a portrait of Iolanthe." His nose wrinkled. "How do you say that?" "Yo-lan-thee," Charity enunciated. "It is a Greek name. It means violet flower." "That's pretty," he said. "Lots of people in my family are named after flowers." He closed the booklet. "Thank you, so much!" "You are very welcome, Harry," Charity said. "You were so clever to figure out how to write to me. If you would ever like to send something to put on their graves, I would be happy to do that." His eyes lit up. "Really?!" She nodded. He had to blink away tears. Finally, he would be able to make cards for birthdays or Mothering Sunday. Charity walked them to the doorway and soon Harry and Professor McGonagall were back in the town square. "Professor, what did you mean earlier when you said I would get my letter this summer?" "I meant your letter inviting you to Hogwarts," she replied. "Every wizarding child receives one the summer before they start Hogwarts. You must have turned eleven before the first of September to attend Hogwarts. It will tell you what supplies you need for school." He nodded. "My parents left money so I can buy my books and stuff?" "They certainly did," she replied. "Why don't I come visit you after you letter arrives and we can go shopping together?" "Really? That would be great!" That night, Harry lay in his new room slowly flipping through the pictures of his family. He actually knew what his parents looked like! He couldn't wait until Monday – he was going to show Miss Kennel his family pictures. Now he was just like the rest of the students, learning about his family. A/N: Thank you so much to my betas StephanieO and Arnel! This is another old story I've had on my computer forever. Disclaimer: Harry Potter Publishing Rights © J.K.R. Note the opinions in this story are my own and in no way represent the owners of this site. This story subject to copyright law under transformative use. No compensation is made for this work.