as they walked in. "Ron! Hermione!" Walking over to his sister's bed, Ron said, "I'm really sorry if we hurt your feelings. We didn't mean to." "I know," Ginny said, "it just…it was a bit much." Ron nodded. Ginny gestured to the baby who was now back in Harry's arms. "Do you want to meet your godson?" With a grin, Harry slipped the baby into Ron's arms. Ron smiled down at the baby. "He looks a lot like you." "It's just the hair," Harry said. "We'll see as he grows, he might look more like Ginny." "He's so small." "He is a bit on the small side," Ginny piped up. "He weighed six pounds seven ounces." "He seems a lot smaller than Freddy. I guess he's not smaller than Torie." "What did you decide for the name?" Hermione asked. "James Sirius," Harry said with a proud smile. "That's a good name," Hermione said with a knowing smile as she accepted the baby from her fiancé. "You might as well let the rest of them in," Ginny said. "Are you sure?" She nodded as soon the room was overflowing with Weasleys. Ginny basked in the love of her family. George also apologized and was soon telling more appropriate jokes. He seemed a bit upset to discover that not only had Ginny not used any hexes on Harry, but Harry didn't pass out or embarrass himself. Arthur kept an eye on the proceedings and chivvied them out when Ginny started drooping. After everyone hugged, kissed them, and hurried out the door, Ginny settled back against her pillows. Harry smiled at her and leaned over to kiss her. "You are brilliant." She flushed with pleasure and looked over at the baby sleeping in the bassinet. "I can't believe he's really here." Harry watched over the two of them as they both drifted off to sleep. Although he'd had very little sleep over the past two days, he felt strangely energized. Letting the nurse know he was leaving, Harry headed down to the lobby. He used the Apparition Point to Apparate to Godric's Hollow. He arrived outside his parents' former house. Over the past two years, he and Ginny had restored and enlarged the little cottage. His former nursery had been turned into a corridor leading to the new section of the house. While he normally wasn't superstitious, he didn't feel right about putting a baby down to sleep in the room where his mother gave her life for him. There were plenty of pictures of his parents and godfather scattered throughout the house along with pictures of the Weasley family. Jogging upstairs, he looked into James' nursery. He and Ginny had decorated it with care. They'd used a Quidditch theme echoing the theme his parents had used so many years ago. One of the items that had been salvaged from his nursery was a silver cup with his name engraved on the front with both a wand and broomstick etched on the sides. Ginny had tracked down an identical cup that they'd had engraved with James' name with a stag and dog etched into the sides honouring the two men after whom James was named. The walls had been painted a soft yellow with Quidditch scenes painted on them. The toy broom Sirius had given Harry for his first birthday was hanging on the wall. The wardrobe was filled with outfits. Harry didn't think there was any way that James would be able to wear all of them, but he had to admit he also contributed to the collection. Surprisingly, he had a small feeling of sympathy for his aunt and uncle. It would be so easy to spoil little James. Walking by a toy store, he wanted to practically empty it, but he'd listened to Ginny's wise counsel. They'd chosen a few toys that were just waiting for James to come home. The public had sent James mountains full of toys which he and Ginny had donated to several childrens' hospitals as well as two orphanages. It still amazed him that so many people were interested in what happened in his life. After making sure everything was clean and ready for James and Ginny when they were ready to come home, he left the house and headed down the street towards St Jerome's graveyard. Pushing open the gate, he made his way over to his parents' graves. He'd had a stone added for Sirius so he could visit all three at the same time. "He's here," Harry said with his voice cracking. "James Sirius Potter was born around four this afternoon. He's brilliant. I really wish the three of you were here to meet him. I know Ginny will want to bring him around in a few weeks, but I wanted to let you know. He's got black hair like us, Dad. I hope he has Ginny's beautiful eyes, but she tells me it will be a while before his eye colour is set." Using his wand, he cleaned off the grave sites. He conjured up a bouquet of roses as he'd been told they were his mother's favourite flowers. Setting them in front of the grave, he reached out and touched her name before turning to leave. It only took him ten minutes to return to Ginny's room. He was happy to see that they were both still asleep. Smiling, he watched them sleep. As his eyes grew heavy, he reflected that he now had the one thing he'd always wanted – a family of his own. He'd borrowed the Weasleys for many years and of course he and Ginny had started their own family when they married, but the addition of James made it seem more complete. They certainly wanted more children, but James had made them parents. With a smile, he drifted off to sleep for the first time as a father. A/N: Thanks to my wonderful beta, Arnel! Disclaimer: Harry Potter and all characters belong to JK Rowling.