the money, which unfortunately is his right," Mr Weasley explained. "I don't have the money and I am unable to borrow more. I even tried to see if I could borrow money in the Muggle world, but I don't have the right documentation or enough time. The boys have tried to put some money together, but we simply don't have enough. I thought I had time to pay back our loan. I had a payment schedule, but when Malfoy bought up my loan he consolidated the payments." "Draco couldn't want to marry me," Ginny protested. "He hates me." "I think it is more about humiliating our family," Mr Weasley said, his tears finally breaking free. "He's planned this well. I believe this was his escape strategy. By allying himself with our family, he buys some respectability in the eyes of the wizarding world. Because Malfoy has offered a way to keep us out of prison, the Ministry is insisting we attempt to reach an agreement rather than go to prison. They don't want us to go to jail when we will be needed to rebuild the Ministry." "So can't they put pressure on Malfoy to give you more time?" Ginny asked a bit desperately. Arthur shook his head. "I've spent this morning with legal specialists who say he has done all of this within the law. I tried last night and this morning to raise the money. My friends in the Ministry are sympathetic, but everyone has suffered with this war and no one has the kind of money to help us out." "Has he guaranteed her safety?" Professor McGonagall demanded. "What sort of contract has he presented?" Ginny looked up startled. She hadn't even thought that far ahead. "He has guaranteed her safety, but she will have to leave Hogwarts," Mr Weasley sighed. "I tried to get him to allow her to finish school, but he wouldn't budge on that point. She will have to present him with an heir within the first year." Watching her father, Ginny suddenly realized that he'd only mentioned the possible prison time to make her feel better. She was going to have to marry Draco Malfoy. Bile rose in her throat. It wasn't fair. She tried swallowing, but found she couldn't. Professor McGonagall had been watching her and quickly conjured up a bucket. Ginny emptied her stomach and continued retching for several long minutes. Professor McGonagall came around her desk and gently rubbed Ginny's back when Mr Weasley seemed paralyzed. She conjured up a cool, wet flannel and handed it to the now sobbing girl. Once Ginny wiped her mouth, she cried on the professor's shoulder even as she heard her father's sobs. Sitting up she wiped her face as anger surged through her. What right did he have to cry? She had no interest in marrying Malfoy, hell she had no interest in ever seeing him again. "Where is mum?" "She was too upset to come," Mr Weasley explained sadly. "I had to give her a Calming Draught last night and she was almost hysterical this morning." "Why? She isn't being forced to marry her worst enemy," Ginny said angrily. "Couldn't she be here for me?" "She will be," Mr Weasley hastened to reassure her, but Ginny wasn't falling for his reassurance. She jumped up from her chair and faced him. "So I get sold to Malfoy and you all get to keep everything?" Ginny yelled. "How is that fair? I didn't do anything! I won't marry him! He hates me! How could you do this to me? After all I heard after my first year about being more cautious, you don't even realize who holds the mortgage on the Burrow? Why weren't you being cautious?" "I am so sorry," Mr Weasley said earnestly desperately trying to calm his irate daughter. "I am still trying to find a way out, but Malfoy seems set on using you to satisfy the debt." "What would happen if I refuse?" Ginny asked wiping her tears away. "I'm afraid you would join Percy, your mother, and me in jail," Mr Weasley said. "I'm still trying to see if I can get someone else to assume the debt, but I'm afraid that Malfoy has planned this too well. I fear it will fail." "I thought Fudge was out of office," Ginny said trying to find anything to prevent this horror. "He will be by the end of the week," Mr Weasley agreed, "but he signed off on this arrangement. Even if a more sympathetic Minister is elected, it will be too late to change this." Ginny fell back in her chair with her head in her hands. When her father reached out to comfort her, she pulled away from him. "When will the wedding take place?" Professor McGonagall asked. Ginny was grateful for her calming presence. "Next month," Mr Weasley admitted. "Malfoy wishes for the wedding to take place on the 17th of October." Despite everything her family tried, Ginny ended up marrying Malfoy on 17 October 1998 – a short two months after her seventeenth birthday. The first few months of her marriage were a blur of terror and pain. Malfoy visited her nightly to ensure she conceived. She had been so thankful to realize she was pregnant. That had stopped him visiting her for a while. Looking up at her children, Ginny was thrilled that she had someone to love. Malfoy mostly left her alone in the country with the children while he spent most of his time in London with his ex-Death Eater cronies and various mistresses. It certainly wasn't the life she'd dreamt of, but she was making the best of it. Disclaimer: Harry Potter and his world belong to JK Rowling. I am merely playing with her characters. A/N: Thank you to my wonderful beta, Arnel, and my Brit picker, Mark! I do realize this is very different from much of my work, but I hope you will give it a chance.