Saturday. It was only three stories, but I thought it would do the trick. "At first all I could think of was meeting my parents and having someone to love me. I was so excited. As soon as I jumped…all I could think of was that I didn't really want to die. I thought about how much it would hurt to splatter on the ground and what a stupid thing I'd just done. Somehow, it felt like I hit a cushion. I bounced a little and I was fine. I was so relieved. I didn't tell anyone and just went home. "That night, I had this amazing dream. There was a beautiful woman with long red hair. She hugged me and told me how much she loved me and how much she wanted to be with me. She told me I was going to be doing brilliant things when I grew up. I was going to grow up and meet amazing people. Someday I was going to fall in love and have a wonderful family. Only once I had lived a long, happy life would I join them in heaven." Ginny gasped. "Your mum." He nodded. "I never knew for sure if it was real, but it felt real. I didn't even know what my mother looked like until I came to Hogwarts, but my dream angel looked just like my mum." He looked up at her with tears filling his eyes. "I regretted what I did as soon as I did. Please, please don't hurt yourself. I promise I will be your friend. I don't know if that helps at all, but I promise I will." "Thank you," she whispered. The two sat in silence, still holding hands until Madam Pomfrey and Professor McGonagall returned. Ginny smiled when she recalled that exchange. In the past three weeks, Harry had written seven letters to her. He wasn't the best correspondent in the whole world, but he tried and she appreciated his efforts. The door to the sunroom opened and she grinned to see Bill standing there. He'd arrived in Wales the day after she had and he'd come to see her every single day. When she asked him about his job, he told her she was much more important than any old job. He smiled as he hugged and kissed her on the cheek. "You look great!" As they sat down, he pushed her hair behind her ears. "How's it going today?" He watched her as she considered her answer. They did this every day and the only rule was she wasn't allowed to say she was fine. "I'm a bit nervous." "I don't blame you," he replied. "I think the boys are very sorry. I don't think that excuses them, but it is totally up to you." "I know I could have tried harder," she said, "but I am upset that no one really tried. I just wanted someone to eat with every once in a while or someone to help with homework. I have one roommate who actually wrote to me here, but the others think I'm tainted or something. I think they are also upset that they were suspended from classes for a week and they are in detention for months. Colin and Hermione both wrote a letter to me telling me how sorry they were that they didn't talk to me. I've had letters from people I didn't even know." She shrugged. "This summer all our brothers said they were sorry and that they wouldn't ignore me again, but that is exactly what they did. Ron said that Harry has this thing going on that he's helping him with – except Harry told me the whole story a week before Ron did. The twins were all caught up with Quidditch and Percy was trying to revise for his NEWTs, none of them had time for me." "So, you want to see what happens once you return to Hogwarts," Bill guessed. When she nodded, he said, "I can't blame you there. I wish I could make it easier for you, but I can't." "Of course, you have," she smiled. "Are you ready, love?" Ginny turned around to see her fiancé, Harry, standing behind her. They were finishing packing up her room so they could finish moving into their new house. In just two short weeks, they were getting married. "I am very ready to move into our new house. I can't wait to start our new life together." She shut the lid on her school letters. That day in St Mungo's so many years ago had been a turning point for her. While it had been hard, she had persevered and slowly started making friends – starting with her brothers. Harry walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her. When he saw what she'd been looking at, he tightened his arms around her. "I am so glad that I ran into you that day." Turning in Harry's arms, she smiled up at him. "I am glad you gave me my first reason not to that day. Since then, I've found so many more and I too am very, very glad I ran into you that day." A/N: Suicide is never the answer to your problems. If you or any one you know if having suicidal thoughts or having a rough time of it, please, please talk to someone - a parent, a family member, clergyman, or friend. There is help available. If you don't feel comfortable talking to them, please reach out to one of the National Hotlines. In the USA, call 1800 273-8255 or text 741-741 from anywhere in the USA. In the UK, please call Call: 0800 068 41 41 or Text: 07786 209697 Thank you to my betas StephanieO and Arnel. I appreciate the response to this story - I know this is not an easy topic to read about. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters.