he watched, Sirius saw Harry looking to his friends for help. To Sirius's relief, both of them seemed to feel Harry should talk to him. Harry sighed, "It happened during detention. Umbridge gave me detention for saying that Voldemort was back. She had me write lines, but instead of using ink it…it carves it in my hand." From Ginny's gasp, Sirius guessed that she didn't know about his detention, but Ron seemed unsurprised. "She used a blood quill on you?" "I guess," Harry replied nervously. "I don't know if that's what it's called, but that sounds right." "Harry, why didn't you say anything?" Sirius was upset that Harry hadn't felt he was able to come to him with any problems. Harry shrugged, "I don't know. I haven't had any detentions in a while." "You have 'I must not tell lies' carved into your hand. Didn't that seem to be an issue?" "But it was Umbridge," Harry protested. "She does whatever she wants. I didn't want to say anything because I figured whoever I talked to would get in trouble or I'd get more detentions." Saddened that Harry felt he had to do this on his own, Sirius reached out and hugged his godson. "It doesn't matter, you should still tell me. Okay?" Harry seemed to be seeking confirmation in Sirius's face and he must have found it for he smiled and agreed. "Let's take a break," Sirius said and he led the three teens into the kitchen. Hermione was sitting at the table reading, but no one else was there. Ginny grabbed four waters from the cold pantry and threw them to Ron, Harry and Sirius before joining them at the table. "So tell me about Umbridge," Sirius said. He listened outraged as the kids told him about her Educational Decrees and her prejudice against those she called "half-breeds." "Have McGonagall or Dumbledore said anything about her?" Sirius asked concerned. Harry snorted, "Not Dumbledore, he's still ignoring me. Professor McGonagall did tell me to be careful, she said I could get into a lot of trouble by antagonizing Umbridge. I didn't want her to get in trouble because of me. She didn't know about my detentions." He hastened to add. "I want you four to be careful when you get back to school," Sirius said. "Keep up with your lessons and the D.A. I think it is a great idea to practice as much as you can. Be careful, though. Umbridge is in tight with Fudge and I don't trust him at all. I've heard rumours of him accusing people of dabbling with the Dark Arts to discredit them. If you have any problems, let me know." It ended up being the best Christmas break ever for Harry. He wasn't exactly sure what had changed for Sirius, but the change was quite obvious. He and Sirius had been working out in the gym every day, talking and getting to know each other. It was great spending time with his godfather just hanging out. Mr Weasley had come back from St. Mungo's and had fully recovered from his injuries. The last night before they were to return to Hogwarts, Harry was having trouble sleeping. For once, he really did not want to return to Hogwarts. With Professor Umbridge not actually teaching them defence and no Quidditch, he would really rather stay with Sirius. The only bright spots were his friends and the DA. He really enjoyed teaching and knowing that he was doing so against Umbridge's decree made it even better. Blushing, he thought back to the last DA lesson before the break. His first kiss somehow wasn't quite what he had imagined it would be. He liked Cho, but something was missing. A creak outside his door made him look up. He smiled, it was Ginny. Getting up he left the room he shared with Ron and together they made their way downstairs. After they arrived in the kitchen, Harry made the hot chocolate while Ginny sat at the table. "Were you having a nightmare, too?" Ginny asked softly. "Me? No, I was just having trouble sleeping," Harry replied as he sat down next to Ginny, sliding her a cup of hot chocolate. When Ginny didn't say anything he continued, "For the first time ever, I don't want to go back to school. I mean, private lessons with Snape, what did I ever do to deserve that? It's been so nice not having to worry about Umbridge and…I like hanging out with Sirius." Harry blushed slightly as he admitted that. Ginny smiled. "It's been really nice watching you two. He really loves you, you know." Harry's smile lit up the room. "I know. It's amazing, I have someone there for me. I've never had that before." His smile faded as he looked over at his companion. "Nightmare?" Ginny gave him a half-hearted smile, "Did you ever notice how many damn snakes there are in this place? They are all over the bloody place – on the sinks, on the wallpaper, our room even has snake drawer pulls. I guess I just…I was in the Chamber and I can still see that Basilisk." Harry reached out for her hand while she continued, "This time I let the Basilisk loose on the whole school and…Hermione died and Colin died…at least this time I woke up before you died." Harry squeezed her hand comfortingly. "I hate nightmares." Looking around the kitchen he smiled. "Too bad you didn't mention the snakes before, we could have had a snake hunt." Ginny looked at him for a moment before laughing. "I can just see that now. We could sneak up on the bathroom taps or drawer pulls and attack them from behind." "I'd let you kill as many as you want, I know Sirius wouldn't mind." Harry laughed. It was with mixed feelings that Harry boarded the Knight Bus the next day. Looking around at his companions, he thought at least he was surrounded by friends.