the most famous example, and the subject of our talk tonight, Rathlin Island, just off the coast of Ireland. "Now the island itself is recorded as having only about six or seven dozen permanent residents, all Muggles, mostly fishing families. However, as we all know, Rathlin island also happens to be home of the famed Rathlin Academy, which houses a student body of sixteen hundred, from all over the world, having both a primary school and a secondary school, accepting Muggles and wizards alike. Of course, in the Muggle world, it's known simply as an arts school. "What's amazing about Rathlin to me, however, is in fact the secondary school. You see, after a student completes the already-exclusive primary school, they must next test into the secondary school, the Academy proper, where they choose their major field of study. For the select few Muggles that pass, and enter into the Academy, tradition dictates that they be let in on the truth of the existence of wizards. Those who accept and tolerate this fact, and swear their own secrecy on the matter, are allowed admission to the Academy. The few who don't have their memories modified, and are ejected back to their homes. "From there, Rathlin becomes a Re-integrationists dream. While classes are distinct between Muggle and wizarding students, they still live together, befriend one another, form lifelong friendships and relationships. It was this, my friends, that inspired me to run for Wizengamot. "Now friends…" Just then, the chandelier hanging above began to shake loose in its moorings, as a rhythmic thump reverberated off the creaking walls, like the ticking of a clock. An awkward silence filled the room, before Sebastian began to clear his throat. "Friends...despite the coined term we use, 'wizarding world', to refer to wizarding society, the truth is that there is only one world, Planet Earth, and we share it with Muggles. While I would not call Muggle existence 'miserable' as I once did, they do suffer from societal ills that would be unthinkable to we wizards." He clicked the button again, and shuffled through a slide each depicting starving African children, a bald, emaciated man in a hospital gown, and a smog-choked London. "Starvation, diseases such as cancer and AIDS, homelessness, pollution; all things, you'll notice, are easily solvable with magic. Were it not for the Statute of Secrecy, we could magically produce enough food to feed the entire Muggle population on earth for decades, all in less than a day. We could provide more reliable, and faster-working medicines and potions, and instruct Muggle doctors in their production. We could transfigure all the carbon dioxide in Earth's atmosphere into rainclouds! "In the case of pollution, this is an especially dire situation. Due to ever-rising carbon levels in Earth's atmosphere, both Muggle and wizarding scientists agree that over the next several decades, the planet's climate will be irreversibly changed, due to the greenhouse effect. This is something that affects both wizards and Muggles alike, yet it is something we are powerless to do anything about. To do so would reveal us to the world. "And my friends...that's what we are going to talk about today. Over the course of this evening, myself and several other experts will, using Rathlin Academy as a model, outline my own Seven Year Plan, on how we, as a collective wizarding society, can reintegrate magical persons into Muggle society, for the first time in a thousand years, following an abolition of the Statute of Secrecy, and how, in doing so, we can increase the quality of life for Muggles everywhere, for the mutual benefit of all humanity. My friends...let's begin." It was at this point that the rally commenced in earnest. He described to us in detail how he'd first have us present ourselves to the parts of all non-executive branches of Muggle governments, who don't already know. From there, spend some time acclimating before going to the Muggle media, and so on and so forth, all leading up to year seven, when we open all wizarding borders to their Muggle counterparts. Everyday Muggles will, for the first time, be allowed to shop at wizard stores, and one day even attend wizard schools. Damn respectable effort he's put into all of this, considering it will probably never happen (don't tell him that though, else he'll give you an earful). Even if he was elected to Wizengamot, and somehow got appointed Minister at some point, the British Ministry of Magic doesn't have anywhere near the authority to implement what he proposes. That power would rest solely with the International Confederation of Wizards. Now he knows this, mind you, and you know what he said? "One step at a time, Sherrod. Every movement starts small." He's got commendable optimism, that man; tragic, but commendable. In any case, this letter has gone on a bit too long, and I'd hate to overburden ol' Doyle with too heavy a parcel, poor bird. So I'll just leave you by saying I eagerly await seeing you and Colm again, at which time we simply must have tea and biscuits at that spot in the village we like. My treat. Your humble guardian, Sherrod To whom this concerns, Your message was well-received. We shan't attempt to contact you in person again, and not least because President Hudson has submitted a formal statement to the press announcing her condemnation of your recent activities. Not that it matters. We've left no paper trail, and all of Waterman's family are either dead or in Britain. Besides that, he was a pretentious simpleton. He will not be missed. In any case, please accept the enclosed bearer bond as your final payment for services rendered, as well as this friendly reminder to our agreement: Wherever you go, whatever you do, stay out of Rocky Mountains. It would be in your best interest to do so. — D Sherrod Howe is property of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle Finn and Colm Negus are property of kleinnak