up in the city with the Dursleys, had never seen the stars, not the way Ginny had. So again, she hadn't understood what was so special about them. A twig broke to Harry's left and he jumped. It was pitch black in the forest now, so dark he couldn't hold his hand up in front of his face and still see it. The moon was not bright enough for that tonight and the stars were bright only in the context of the dark sky around them. That was why he had not noticed how dark it was around him: he'd been staring up at the sky, but now, looking around him, he felt apprehensive. Why had he thought it was a good idea for him, Harry Potter, to go to a forest alone without putting up any sort of protective spells? There were still dark wizards in the world. He was not completely safe. Voldemort supporters still lurked. Another twig broke and Harry jumped to his feet and pulled out his wand. "Who is there?" The forest was silent, betraying nothing. Harry's eyes darted all around, trying to make out something in the darkness, trying to discern who or what had made the twigs crack. Then he heard the leaves rustle and more twigs crack. He whipped his wand around, trying to figure out where exactly the noise was coming from, but still he saw nothing. Then a white figure emerged from the trees. It looked like a ghost and Harry raised his wand, pointing it at the figure, determined to destroy it should it pose a threat, but then it spoke and the voice it used was one Harry was familiar with, one he hadn't expected to hear out in the middle of nowhere. "Harry Potter? Is that you?" Luna Lovegood asked. She walked into the dim patch of light shining in Harry's clearing, but it wasn't enough to see more than just the shape of her, just enough to tell her pale white hair was much longer than he'd ever seen it and she was wearing a thin white sleeveless dress with equally thin white straps, hanging it from her thin shoulders. He watched her tilt her head to one side, but he could see nothing else, no expression. He didn't like it. Not because he didn't trust her, but because he didn't like not being able to see the emotions on anyone. After living with the Dursleys, he'd learned it was important to be able to see what others were thinking to gauge their reactions. He raised his wand, this time away from her, in a less threatening gesture and murmured, " Lumos !" The clearing lit up in the silvery light of his wand and instantly he could see Luna much more clearly. She looked different than she had the last time he'd seen her. Her white blonde hair was very long and yet, surprisingly clean. He had a feeling she magicked it clean, there was no other way to keep such long hair looking so nice. The dress she wore looked like a sundress mixed with a nightgown. It was made of nightgown-ish fabric, but styled like a sundress. She wasn't wearing any shoes and she appeared to be much thinner than he'd ever seen her, as though she hadn't been eating very much of anything. She looked like a nymph or rather something like a Muggle painter might depict a nymph. For the first time since he'd met her when he was fifteen, he truly appreciated how beautiful she was. "What are you doing here?" he asked her before he could stop himself. Luna, who had been moving slowly towards him, seemed taken aback by the question. She stopped moving and was silent for a long time, but when she spoke again it was not to answer. It was to ask a question of her own: "Are you sure you want to stay in that tent? I have someplace much more comfortable, if you would like." She smiled then, but it wasn't the smile Harry had seen on her face before. It looked more…defeated was the only word he could think of. And as she turned to lead him to…wherever it was she was staying, her posture and movement suggested defeat as well. Harry left the tent where it was, doubting that anyone would come upon it and thinking he could come get it in the morning. But that wasn't really what was on his mind as he held his wand aloft for both of them, leading the way through the forest. He found himself focusing more and more on Luna, her appearance, her expressions, her movements. It was all very different from the Luna he'd met when he was fourteen. He wondered when this had changed, if she'd been like this at Hogwarts and he'd just never noticed. Something has happened to her, he thought. And then a worse thought came to mind. Someone has hurt her. And then a strange thought came to mind, one he didn't expect and which hardly sounded like his own. In fact, he felt almost certain the voice wasn't his own and had come to him from some otherworldly source, giving him the information he needed when he needed it. Memories have hurt her. Yes, someone has hurt her, but memories have too. Memories? He thought, stepping around a fallen log. All he had were his wand and Invisibility Cloak. How could memories hurt her this badly? But even as he thought it, he knew it was hypocritical. He wouldn't be here if it were not. NOTE: ok so! i'm working on this fanfic right now. i'm praying to holy god i finish it. i have no outline for a reason and i'm just writing what comes to me. i have a general idea, but no sort of definitive plan of how to get there. anyway, i hope y'all like this! as always pls read and review!