crosses his arms. "Happy, Hermione Jane?" I don't hold back my enthusiasm. "Very. Very, Harry James." I should've known then, somehow, that it was all about to go downhill. The next time I see him is over two weeks later. I call in often over the next few days and talk with Kreacher but he has no idea where Harry is. I take to dropping in to Grimmauld Place as part of my daily routine. I don't know why because I've told Kreacher to alert me as soon as Harry gets back and I actually believe he will. But an anxiety is gnawing at my gut and I've found it can only be soothed by being at the most Noble House of Black. Ron knows something is up with me. He's getting irritated that I won't stay at the Burrow anymore, that we've only had the occasional dinner lately. And I know it's wrong but part of me wants to test him in some way, to be a bit unobtainable and see how he handles it for a while. I recall the way I felt when he left us on the Horcrux hunt and I know it's a little childish but I take some sort of sick satisfaction from his pining for me now. My training is going well; I'm enjoying study again. I think if I could just find Harry, everything would be right. I ask for Kreacher's help to levitate a large couch into the kitchen in front of the fireplace and he does so without grumbling. I think he spends a bit of time waiting there too, for the familiar popping sound that will signal Harry flooing home. As it happens, when he finally turns up he doesn't come through the fireplace. In fact, I'm not sure where he comes from because I'm asleep, dozing on the couch after two glasses of red wine and too much staring into the golden flames. He touches my arm and I jolt awake, focusing slowly on his face. I'm wide awake in a second once I do, and reach out to grab his arm instantly, as if to check he's real. He smiles at that, and then sits on the arm rest of the couch. It's then that I notice his hair. It is short, shorter than I've ever seen it, cropped close to his scalp. It makes his eyes stand out more if that's possible. "Harry...your hair!" He runs a hand through it like he usually does but there is no messy length for his fingers to get stuck in and he just ends up rubbing his head. He doesn't speak though. I can't stop staring at him, my instant relief that he's finally there giving way to a million questions all trying to get out of me at once. Instead I find I can only gape at him, at his scar, stark on his forehead now that no hair covers it, his dark t-shirt exposing arms that are slightly tanned. His jeans are dark also, and he wears boots, black boots that look sort of army issue. And, I realise with a jolt, he's not wearing glasses. He rubs his face and I get then that he is uncomfortable under my scrutiny. "How...How are you?" I stammer. He grins, and I realise for the first time that his haircut suits him. "Hungry." Kreacher cracks into the room abruptly, giving me the fright of my life, and goes about quickly arranging some supper. I look at the clock – it's 1am. Harry sits on the couch and eats and those questions bubble up in me again. I try to order them but his physical presence is distracting me, he looks and seems so different. He even smells different; I catch a hint of cigarette smoke on him. I stare at the fire again, and finally settle on something to say. "I've been worried about you." I clear my throat. "We've been worried." He makes a grunt and shrugs his shoulders, finishing his mouthful. "You don't need to. I'm fine." He seems relaxed, so I ask him. "Where've you been?" He glances at me then grabs a long drink of beer that Kreacher has provided. He answers looking into the fire. "I got that job." I feel my eyes widen. "That's great!" He doesn't react and I prod him. "Isn't it?" "Yeah" he says, looking at his plate. He remains silent. I raise my eyebrows. "So..?" "So...what?" "So what is it?" He stands up and takes his empty plate to his sink. "It's just some contract stuff. I'm not really sure yet." He comes back to sit next to me and puts his hand on my shoulder. Some of his old warmth is in his eyes. "But how's your training going?" I know he is trying to change the subject but I'm so happy he seems better that I play along. "It's great actually. I'm really enjoying it." He smiles; a genuine one. "That's great. You'll be really good at it." There is some strange sadness in his tone that scares me, and I shift closer to him instinctively. Had I known that it would be the last time I'd see him for almost a year, would I have said something more? Would I have asked him, begged him to tell me what he was doing, where he'd really been? I don't know, but when he puts his arm around me and draws me against him, the two of us sipping our drinks and staring at the fire in warm companionship, I'm shamefully pleased and so giddy, that I don't say anything. In fact I fall asleep again, nestled into his shoulder. I think I feel him kiss the top of my head but that might've been a dream because when I wake, it is morning, the fire is low and I'm cold. And he is gone. Lyrics credit(in order); Come Undone by Duran Duran, Beautiful Disaster by Kelly Clarkson.