as his cursed sword makes it corporeal enough to cut. There's an answering scream somewhere else and Wikhn's look is positively feral. "Headcount?" Hadrian repeats, turning to get an eyeful of an ash-covered, blood-spattered and thoroughly delighted , Wikhn. He can't deny that the sight is turning him on in more ways than one. "You're enjoying this aren't you?" "Whatever gave me away?" "Get that smirk off your face." "Make me." "Is that a challenge?" "That's a promise." "Keep it up and you'll have to promise something more." Wikhn laughs darkly. His fae allure is surging to the forefront and it's enticing in the best and worst of ways. He loves the thrill of the fight and it's only ever obvious in moments like this. The vampires are even shying away from him and the Goblins haven't learned to-yet. In fact, the unexpected skirmish is such a delight, that he's feeling generous enough to finally swallow the original spark of irritation that set this whole mess in motion. The vampires are even shying away from him and the Goblins haven't learned to-yet. In fact, the unexpected skirmish is such a delight, that he's feeling generous enough to finally swallow the original spark of irritation that set this whole mess in motion. Generous enough to forgive. Possibly. He won't turn down bribes or otherwise, if Hadrian is willing to grovel to him. He is a Gheyo King after all and pride must be soothed. "I'm serious," Hadrian growls. He can feel the shift in Wikhn's temper as the fae's magic ghosts over his skin. Because all earlier irritation has fled and he can feel the bloodlust starting to simmer up in his veins. The battlelust will be right behind it and he wants. Wants so very much to have his lovely King in his bed tonight. Especially the way he is now. Wikhn blows him a kiss and strikes a pose that is too tempting—too telling—right before spinning in a half-circle, fast enough to send the newly severed heads flying. "So am I," Wikhn purrs. "So am I." "Wikhn-!" "Higher headcount," Wikhn sing-songs. And Hadrian throws himself into the battle with a vengeance. He wins, of course. Because he's Hadrian and he had a goal. And probably because Wikhn brought the final traitor up to him and waited for Hadrian to finish him off-and thus earn one more 'head' than he had. It's his own way of apologizing. The fight is over now and the place is a mess, naturally. From the sounds of it, the conference hub might be blown away if the sandstorm gets any worse. They'll need to leave this place before it falls apart. But their own Gheyos-and those of the other three Circles-are already giving into their instincts. There's too much blood and magic in the air, after all and Wikhn's the only fae present. His fairy dust is liberally swirling through the agitated air. It's been a good fight and the battlelust makes itself known in a singular wave. Wikhn's wicked grin promises all sorts of things and Hadrian doesn't know whether he can trust it. Yet. After all, his apology hasn't quite been accepted. He lets Wikhn guide the bloody, sloppy kiss that happens next, groaning as the slender, pointed fingers dig into his aching side. "Forgiven," Wikhn murmurs against his split lip. "Now fuck me." That, Hadrian thinks, he can do quite well. The next morning, Wikhn lounges comfortably in Hadrian's soft bed. He's still healing from their fight-and their night-and the faint sheen of fairy dust is a testament to that. Hadrian gives an annoyed grumble, because that stuff gets everywhere and the smug look on Wikhn's face says that he's doing it on purpose. It aids his healing, but doesn't necessarily always have to be so—shimmery. Right now, it collects in the fading scratches, claw and bite marks from their fantastic night. "Stop complaining, grumpy pants." Wikhn hums. He nuzzles along Hadrian's collarbone, inhaling the scent of sweat and sex. "Oh?" Hadrian drawls, tilting his head forward to allow more of Wikhn's soft, nibbling lips. "Or else what?" "Shut up." Wikhn kisses him to shut him up and it works. Hadrian can't find it in himself to be annoyed, especially when Wikhn looks so disgustingly pleased with himself. "...I'm sorry about the cup." Wikhn hums. "Dahlia gave it to me." Hadrian stiffens. Now he's actually sorry, because a gift from a former ACE is something that is significantly treasured. "And her ACE gave it to her, who got it from her ACE, who got it from King-" And Hadrian doesn't want to hear it anymore. "Sorry, sorry, sorry!" Wikhn pulls him closer for a bite, drinking easily and slowly-enough to work them up again. Hadrian groans, when he pulls away, feeling his entire body flush with sensation, as newly sensitized skin begins to relay everything to him. This is the advantage to the fairy dust all over his bed. "...bastard." "You know you love it," Wikhn snarks. "C'mon or did I wear you out already?" "...you're doing this on purpose, aren't you?" Hadrian groans, because fae stamina is certainly different from dragel stamina, considering how busy the night was. "Am I?" "Suppose I shut that pretty mouth of yours?" "You think my mouth is pretty? Aw, honey." "And filthy." Hadrian mutters. He doesn't give Wikhn a chance to complain, but the lack of protest somehow makes him think that Wikhn doesn't mind in the least. This is NOT TBDH-canon. Like most of my prompts, this was written in a single draft writing session and has not been extensively proofed. I just wanted to write something for Easter(Happy Easter you guys!), and this came out instead. So here, have some Hadrian and Wikhn being EXTREMELY petty about pointless things. Because they are dorks like that. Chapter 102 is at about 5k right now. Whew. I hope to work on it some more this holiday weekend. As always, THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT! ~Scion