with the scorching sun beating on his back and pondering his godfather's last words to him. What had he meant by I won't make the same mistake again ? That he wouldn't get caught by the ministry and sent to Azkaban for another thirteen years? And what about the other part of his message, would he really come back for him? How could he anyway? It's not like he could just walk up to the Dursleys' house, knock on the front door and demand Harry be packed and ready in five minutes. They'd have no safe place to go since Sirius was a fugitive and Dumbledore would never allow Harry to leave the Dursleys' home. He hadn't with the Weasleys and he definitely wouldn't with his godfather. But still, even knowing that it couldn't possibly happen, he still held out hope that it would. Leaving the Dursleys was something that he had always dreamed would happen. It didn't matter to him how it happened; whether a long-lost relative came to spring him away or the Weasley boys managed to break him out. He just wanted to be rid of the oppressive cloud that fell upon him whenever he came back from school for the summer. Harry leaned forward and rubbed his hands over his face then abruptly stood and looked up at the sky. His baggy clothes weighed down on him and made the heat even more unbearable than it would normally be. He brushed the hair out of his forehead and started to head his way out of the park. He was about to push his way out the gate when a shadow fell over him blocking out the sun. Startled, he gazed up above him and was struck speechless by the sight before him. A hippogriff, the same one that he had given to Sirius in order to escape, was diving down towards him at an alarming speed. Before he could scramble out of Buckbeak's way the stunning white hippogriff changed course and lightly landed right next to him. Harry had been so focused on the animal that he hadn't even checked to see if there was a rider. He walked around Buckbeak, patting him on the beak on his way, and was once again stunned by what he was seeing. His godfather, his convict of a godfather, was sitting on Buckbeak's back with a shit-eating grin on his face and a twinkle in his eye that Harry had never seen before. It had only been one week since the last time he saw him and he already looked miles better. Behind him Sirius sat his best friend and companion Remus Lupin and though he looked a bit queasy after the no doubt crazy ride, he still had enough energy to smile brightly at Harry. "What the bloody hell are you two doing here! Sirius, you shouldn't have come, what if the ministry catches you again or-" before Harry could finish his sentence Sirius had jumped down from Buckbeak and taken his godson into a crushing hug. "What do you mean what am I doing here? I told you I would come back for you and that is exactly what I'm doing. Me and Moony here just had to get a few things straightened out before we could come and get you." he explained while gesturing to his best friend who sent a quick "Hi Harry" his way. "Wha-? Are you serious? Am I really leaving this place?" Harry sputtered. "Like Sirius said, we would've come sooner if it hadn't been for some...complications" Remus explained. "What complications? Did something happen?" "Nothing for you to worry about now, we'll explain once we reach the safe house" Sirius mounted Buckbeak again and the hippogriff spread his wings wide open, ready to take flight once again. "Wait Sirius, I can't leave now in broad daylight! They'll think I was kidnapped or something and send out a search party to look for me." though Harry wanted nothing more than to head off with his godfather and Remus -who he had come to view as some sort of uncle- he still had to be realistic and face the hard truth that it couldn't be that easy. "Do you think we haven't thought this through Harry? We only came down here to tell you of our plan. We won't actually be taking you away right now," Remus said, "we'll wait until midnight so that your aunt and uncle can vouch that they saw you go to bed and you can use that time to pack your belongings." Harry was still slightly sceptical. "But how will you even get me out of there? I can't go out through the front door, they'll hear me coming down the stairs and the windows still have those bars from last year." "Like we said, we have it all figured out Harry. All you have to do is have dinner with the muggles and then head to your room to pack your things and wait for us to come get you." Sirius reassured his godson then turned to Remus "We better get going now before anyone suspects why he's been out here so long in this god-damn weather." he wiped the sweat gathering on his brow and gestured for Remus to get on behind him. Remus looked apprehensively at the spot behind Sirius then turned to Harry and clapped him on his shoulder. "Just a few more hours Harry and then you'll be free from those people once and for all." With one last look at his former student Remus reluctantly mounted Buckbeak and held on to Sirius with a white-knuckled grip. Sirius glanced back at his friend in amusement then turned back to Harry and said "See you soon pup!"; with that he kicked Buckbeak on the side and the hippogriff shot towards the sky like a cannon. Harry shielded his eyes from the sun and watched them until they were only a small speck in the sky.