death, as the last two words he'd ever hear were spoken. " Avada Kedavra!" Harry climbed off of Snape's cooling corpse, tucking both wands into his sleeves after conjuring holsters for them. He grinned and stretched, changing his ratty clothes into a fine set of robes with a tailored shirt and pants underneath. His holey sneakers changed in dark leather boots, his hair lengthened and grew, his skin cleared up and his vision fixed itself all curtesy of his unblocked metaphoric gift. Just another thing that Dumbledore had felt the need to lock away from him, right along with the majority of his memories, personality and magic. He grinned back down at the corpse on the chair, he'd felt the reaction that Snape had had to him sitting in his lap and had found it rather funny. It was oh so obvious that the dark haired man wasn't on the light side that it wasn't funny, and while Harry hadn't been able to resist climbing on top of him to get up close and personal while tormenting his Professor before his death the arousal he'd caused the man had been an entirely unintended side effect. But a very interesting one at that, Harry had been too young to use such charms before Dumbledore had interfered, but after seeing just how much what had happened had disconcerted his teacher. Harry was now old enough and more than willing to explore such things in greater depths, but later of course. Right now, Harry had far more important things to do than indulge in his favourite hobby. With a snap of his fingers, Harry extinguished all the flames in the room before skipping over to the door. Humming an off tune, he thought it might be parts of a funeral march but he wasn't one hundred percent sure, he wandered down the corridor with a giddy smile on his face. Merlin it was good to be himself once more! Harry was almost disgusted with the way he'd been acting ever since the old coot put the block in his brain. Befriending poor as dirt and low powered Weasleys? Actually talking to mudbloods and making nice with them? Turning away an obvious ally in the form of the Malfoy scion, and saying no to the offer or more power from lil ole Tom? Dear lord above he'd been wasting time, all those days spent in class where he hadn't paid attention, nights where he could have been studying magic wasted on blood traitors and chess! Oh the horror! First things first he had to make all this right, he needed to cozy up with a rather sexy looking snakey Dark Lord and finally put himself on the side he was meant to be on in this stupid war. Of course to do so he needed to give the man a gift, repayment for screwing up so many of his plans and pushing back the date of his return. Harry stopped walking, almost tumbling down a flight of stairs because he'd stopped with one foot still lifted in the air. But what does one get the greatest Dark Lord ever? Flowers? No, no man Dark Lord or not would ever want to be gifted with flowers. Rare and powerful artefacts? A good idea, but he had no way of getting any tonight and Harry didn't want to wait a single day longer than he had too to fix the mess of his life. Hm… The gift needed to be special, unique even, it needed to be both an apology and a token of his sincerity in joining the dark side of the war. The trouble was, other than his head in a box, Harry couldn't think of anything of equal value- Oh. Oh this would be perfect. With a dark grin Harry conjured a knife, before stalking forwards at a swift pace his spirits high once more. Oh the Dark Lord was just going to adore his gift! It was several hours later when Harry stood before the Dark Lord, coated in blood carrying a box and grinning manically that the Voldemort lifted an eyebrow. It was shortly after that, that for the first time in years that Voldemort grinned as the head of his enemy tumbled out of the box and onto the ground at his feet. And it was for the first time ever that he laughed freely and loudly as Harry Potter knelt at his feet and swore loyalty after telling him his tale, holding his arm out happily to receive his mark and take a place of honour at his side. A wide manic grin stretched Harry's his cheeks wide while the severed head of one Albus Dumbledore, lay bloody and lifeless at his feet and his arm burned with the brand of ownership placed there by the greatest Dark Lord of all time. He stood when told to, taking his new place at Voldemort's left hand side. The same place that Harry would always stand, before, during and after Voldemort claimed rulership over the entire wizarding world after he bought them to their knees. End Authors Note: Done! Wow, only took me two hours to write this. The idea just sort of hit and the words flowed like magic, magic! Also listening to the Bloodborne soundtrack really seemed to help get me into the mindset for those gory scenes, I guess using music to set the mood really does help after all! ;) Be aware that I don't have a beta, so there will be mistakes. I have read it over, but I will miss things. I am only human after all. Anyway, I have other things in the works but this is my first ever story! I'm so proud of me, so please favourite and review if you liked it. I am always open to feedback, and hopefully I will have some more thing's up for you to read some time in the future. Love and Hugs, S xxoo