"Samanwhyne Chapman," she called and Sam stepped up to the seat. She looked kind of nervous as the hat was placed on her. It took a few minutes as I watched her head turn slightly. At one point she frowned and looked up to the hat, trying to look at it, before the hat spoke. "Gryffindor!" It said and I was kind of sad that we wouldn't be in the same house. None the less I was happy she got a good house all be it not Ravenclaw. She smiled as she passed me to go sit at her house table. "Scarter Maestro," I gulped as my name was read and I stepped up. Sitting down on the slightly uncomfortable chair my back stiffened as the hat was placed on my head. "Hmm, another one, hey? I bet you'd expect to be in Ravenclaw. You are smart just like your family, but I sense something different. You like knowledge, but you are more determined than the others," the hat said and I could feel my eyes roll. "Of course I am! I know I'm much smarter than them and I will prove I'm the best no matter what it takes," I almost growled. "There is fire in you I see and yes you are smart, but you lack the wisdom, you're very naïve. You know Ravenclaw walks hand in hand with one other house, but they do differ in how they achieve and use their knowledge," he rambled. "Wait what? If I'm not going to Ravenclaw where else are you going to put me?" I frowned, more like scowled. "Slytherin!" He announced and my eyes widened. I could feel my body turn cold as two faint gasps caught my attention. Standing shakily I make my way to my house and sit down as they clap. I could see a few frowns even from the pure blooded Slytherin's that I knew of. I just sat there as the other kids got sorted, too distraught to pay attention. My mind was blank, I couldn't even think. By the time sound returned to my ears and I looked up, there was food on the table and everyone was eating. I didn't feel all that hungry. Now my parents will know I'm a disappointment. Astra will be having fun picking on me and Garrus...I know he said he didn't mind me being in a different house, but even he must be disappointed, maybe even embarrassed of me now. My eyes roamed over the other tables. Sam was enjoying the food. Astra looked to me with a smirk I did not like and Garrus…he wasn't even looking at me. "Aw, is the poor dejected Ravenclaw going to cry?" I heard that idiot Draco snicker. "Shove off Malfoy!" I growled, giving him my best glare. He gulped, but shrugged it off. I didn't listen to what he said as I just picked at the chicken in front of me. If I'm going to be a Slytherin then so be it. I will be the best bloody Slytherin there ever was, no matter who stands in my way. After dinner we formed groups of two again and to my surprise I saw Dana walking beside me. "You got duped too?" I asked trying to feel slightly better. She looked like she was about to murder someone. I just let it die there and focused on walking. Our common room was beautiful. It was dark and mysterious, also underwater. That was kind of scary. I never really liked the thought of being underwater to the point I'd say it would make me terrified. There were an overabundance of candles and skulls, things preserved in jars and green everywhere. We got told that the password would change every two weeks and to check the notice board. Also, no other house students were allowed in here. We got placed into rooms and both Dana and I gaped in horror as we learned that we would be rooming together. We wanted to protest but got shut up quickly with a stern glare. Begrudgingly we walked to our room and started packing out our things. Despite my roommate being who she was I couldn't help but marvel at the beauty of the room. Our beds were ancient four-posters with green silk hangings, the bedspreads embroidered with silver thread and silver lanterns hang from the ceilings. Shadow jumped up onto my bed and gave a long yawn as he stretched. I watched as his claws started padding at the sheets. "Oh, why are you tired you lazy cat?" I chuckled and scratched behind his chewed ear. "Juniper, what happened to you?" I looked to see my roommate hold up her pet rat. Its fur was wet and matted and it looked frightened half to death. My eyes widened as I looked to Shadow, he was licking his muzzle. "Shadow you didn't, bad cat!" I scolded him and went to smack his rump, but he just hissed and pawed at my hand. "I am deeply sorry Dana, Shadow was probably just playing," I apologized and she glared at me. I gulped. She hugged her poor pet to her chest and cooed to it. All I could do was shake my head at Shadow as he turned onto his back, exposing his tummy. "Oh, now you want love? You best behave yourself, go chase other rats, this one is off limits," I grumbled and scratch his furry tummy. I smiled as he purred. Good to see you made it till the end dear readers! I hope you enjoyed the read and that you would be so kind as to check out sammywolf19's version of the story. Her's follows different from mine, with a different writing style and back story to yours truly. Please be so kind as to leave a review on your way out. It helps a lot and spurs us on. Think of it as payment? No? Well good day to you! X3