next day," Draco pointed at the man with his wife. "This was the first murder you committed, and no one was expected a nationwide terror. He was blamed for the deaths of his parents." "Stop it," Luna begged. "He was sent to Azkaban for life. The only problem was that he was a Squib. He had no magical ability. He died in Azkaban within the first month — does that sound familiar?" "I'm begging you." "His wife committed suicide after his death." "No…" "And his children are now orphans." "Alright!" Luna suddenly screamed. She lunged across the table, sweeping the photographs aside. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I never wanted to hurt innocent people…I never…" her body heaved with sobs, and she collapsed over the table, crying loudly into her arms. Draco dragged Luna away from the table and pulled her into his chest. Her tears soaked through his shirt almost instantly. She wasn't sobbing delicately, the way he used to see his mother cry — her face was swollen and red, her nose was running, and she was choking on her sobs. "I'm sorry," her voice was muffled into his chest. "I'm sorry." "I'm not the one you need to apologise to." oOo On the fourth day, Luna had made up her mind. "I have to go to the Ministry," she murmured through the darkness of Narcissa's bedroom. Draco had spent the night sitting in the chair opposite the bed, even though Luna hadn't slept a wink. "I have to turn myself over to Harry." "Think about what you're saying," Draco replied. "They'll send you to Azkaban. If you stay here…you can live out your life in peace. No one needs ever know that it was you who committed all those acts." "But how could I live in peace if I can't live with myself?" They spent the rest of the day in silence. oOo When Draco opened his eyes on the fifth day, he hoped that Luna had changed her mind. He didn't quite know why. These five days seemed to have lasted an eternity. He felt as though he had spent a lifetime with Luna; nurturing her back to health and normalcy. The woman before him now was nothing like the creature he had found back in the cave. She had accepted her remorse. She was sorry for what she had done. He had fallen asleep in the bed beside Luna. She was under the quilt in a nightgown, and he was laying on top of the blankets, still fully dressed in yesterday's clothes. He turned onto his side to stare at the sleeping woman. She looked so peaceful. Slowly, he leaned over and pressed a chaste kiss to her lips. And suddenly, she was kissing him back, her lips full of warmth and life. He tangled his fingers in her hair and she wound her arms around his torso, sliding her fingers underneath his shirt. He ached for her with a passion he didn't know he possessed. She rolled on top of him and sat up, pulling her nightgown over her head. oOo When Draco held Luna in his embrace twenty minutes later, both of them naked and still gasping for breath, he felt a lump in his throat. "I don't want you to go," he confessed. "I don't think you're a monster. You don't deserve to go to Azkaban." "I have to pay for my crimes, Draco." oOo "Witness for the charged: Harry Potter," Kingsley Shacklebolt's voice boomed through the Wizengamot. Draco stood in his pew, staring out longingly at Luna. She looked tinier and frailer than ever in the enormous, shackled chair and the striped nightshirt that fell to her ankles. "Xenophilius Lovegood was sentenced to Azkaban for a crime that many witches and wizards were also guilty of," Harry said to the Wizengamot. He stood in front of his old friend protectively, and Draco felt a surge of respect for his old enemy. Despite what Luna had done, Harry had still forgiven her. "When he died, no one was there to help Luna when she suffered a mental break." There was a murmur through the court. Harry continued a spiel of reasons as to why Luna shouldn't be incarcerated. He brought up the names of wizards and witches from the past who had been given easy punishments for their crimes. He shouted himself hoarse, doing his best to convince the court that Luna was remorseful. His voice droned out to Draco after a while. He could do nothing but stare ahead at Luna, whose grey eyes watched Harry all the while. He could tell that she was full of surprise that he was so defensive of her, and awed by his loyalty, despite the awful things she had done. "I think we've heard enough," Kingsley said at last. "It's time for the court to make a decision. Those in favour of incarceration in Azkaban prison for life, raise your hand." There was a steady flurry of movement across the court. Draco didn't dare look to see how many people rose their hands. "Those in favour of house arrest for life and having her wand snapped, raise your hand." Another flurry of movement. Kinglsey rapped his gavel loudly. "It has been decided. Luna Lovegood will remain under house arrest for the remainder of her life, with the exception of the immediate thirty metres around the house. House of arrest is the Malfoy Manor, and Luna will be subject to random inspections frequently. Any attempts to break the rules set by this house arrest," Kingsley paused to take a breath. "Will result in immediate incarceration with no chance of a Hearing." Draco exhaled a breath he hadn't realised he'd been holding. She was free. She was free to live with him. He met her eyes across the court, and realised that those silvery orbs looked even more familiar than ever. Despite all the horrible things that she had done, she was going to be just fine.