Aunt Dorea laughed. "Auntie! No! Stop lying like that!" Eva stomped her feet, willing her cheeks to stop heating up so hard. Aunt Dorea patted her cheeks, her grin and twinkling eyes that James inherited making it clear that she found great enjoyment in her niece's embarrassment. "I only ever speak the truth, dear Eva." "Eva, why is your face so red?" James asked, having finished his whispered conversation with his father. "You look weird," he added with a tilted head. "Shut it! I'm going! Bye Uncle Charles!" Eva left in a whirlwind. James running after her and screaming for her to wait. . Hey Eva! Why did you blush so hard when I introduced you to Sirius?! "Oh my god, he noticed!" Eva wailed. "What is it?" Charlotte asked as Eva started hitting her bed with her feet, face down in her pillow. "Why are you screaming in your pillow?" Eva left the confine of her pillow, her hair were a mess on her face but Charlotte could still see Eva widened eyes, mortification clearly apparent. "James — you know, my cousin— introduced me to his new friend this morning and he really was the cutest boy I've ever seen and I froze like an idiot and apparently blushed like a moron and even James noticed! If James noticed it means that his friend did too! MERLIN, I'M SO ASHAMED!" She wailed before her face hit the pillow once again and the sound of muffled screaming reached Charlotte's ears once again. DO YOU HAVE A CRUSH ON HIM YOU CAN'T HE IS MY FRIEND GO MOON OVER TEDDY TONKS There are two other boys in our room— Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew! Both of them don't talk! It's a little bit weird! BUT DON'T TRY TO STEAL SIRIUS HE IS MY FRIEND NOT YOURS Goodnight James. HAHAHA YOU DO HAVE A CRUSH ON HIM Sweet dreams. DON'T DREAM ABOUT SIRIUS PLEASE MY FRIEND NOT YOURS REMEMBER Go to sleep already! SIRIUS = MINE I get it! I'm not interested in a small First Year Gryffindor! GREAT BYE EVA . "Hey Eva!" "Oh my god, no. Hide me!" Eva ushered her friend, putting her between her and the Gryffindor menace who was waving to her, beam on his face even though it was seven and a half in the morning. "EVA!" "Why is your cousin so loud? It's breakfast! It's not allowed to talk this loud at breakfast!" Charlotte grouched, a heavy frown twisting her face. "Just go to the table! Ignore him!" They walked quickly the length of the Great Entrance but when they put behind them the doors of the Great Hall, someone tapped on Eva's shoulder. James was arching his brows at her. "Why are you walking so weirdly?" Sirius, the cute friend, was next to him. He was fidgeting on his feet and playing with the end of his red and gold tie. He wasn't looking at any of them, just letting his gaze wander around the Hufflepuff's and Slytherin's tables which were next to each other. His brows were furrowed and the end of his lips turned down. Eva straightened up, letting go of the back of Charlotte's jumper. "I don't walk weirdly." She heard Charlotte snort behind her. She continued to turn her nose up at the two First Year. Godamnit, why did James have to befriend the best looking First Year boy of all time? This heat on her cheeks was really uncomfortable. James grinned. "You really do. So, how is it going?" "Hum, good?" She said, cupping the back of her neck with her hand and using all her willpower to not evade James' eyes. "Had any dreams?" Eva did a double take. "W-what?" She saw from the corner of her eyes that the Sirius boy looked weirdly at James too at his question asked with too much cheer. "You know, dreamed about anybody?" The memory hit her. "No, I didn't," she gritted between her teeth, glaring at him. "And you?" "Nope." Adding even more to the weirdness of the moment, James let his eyes wander around the busy Great Hall, seemingly not caring about ending the discussion properly. "James?" Eva said, staring at him with furrowed brows. He focused back on her. "Yeah?" "Are you all right?" "Yeah, I'm great!" He grinned. "We're going to have our first lesson with McGonagall! I can't wait to see if she is as horrendous as you told me! So, we'll be leaving you now! Bye Eva! Bye Charlotte!" "He knows my name?" Charlotte muttered. Eva stared after the two boys. Sirius hurriedly following after James. As she was still staring at them, she did not miss Sirius looking back at her. She forced herself to smile. He looked away. Her smile fell. "Why does that boy make me feel so stupid?" "What? I didn't hear you." "Nothing, let's go to eat something. I need something in my stomach if Rosier and Mulciber decide to be bullies during Charms." "I don't understand why they focus so much on you." "Me neither. Hey, Ted is waving! Should we sit with them?" "Hum, I don't know...You know I'm not really comfortable with boys..." "Come on, it'll be a laugh!" . I HOPE BLUSHING ISN'T CONTAGIOUS BECAUSE SIRIUS WAS BLUSHING AT BREAKFAST TOO Of course it isn't contagious! But stupidity is! Be careful! I AM NOT STUPID I DID THE TRANSFIGURATION SPELL RIGHT THE FIRST TIME I TRIED AND MCGONAGALL GAVE FIVE POINTS TO GRYFFINDOR Oh my god, please don't become McGonagall's pet. I will never forgive you. So here is the first chapter titled " First Year's Mess " because those cousins are a lovely mess. I hope you enjoyed the back and forth between Eva and James via writing because I enjoyed writing it very much! For once I wrote fast! It doesn't happen often haha Tell me what you think of it because it will motivate me to write the oncoming chapters :)) Thank you!