is all consuming. You are angry, hurt, and confused. As the woman you love, loves another. I know how that feels Mr Weasley. I stood where you are once, as the woman I loved danced with another, loved another. I remember all too well the feelings that were invoked in me. I have no doubt that Potter told you of my memories of Lily. He did spout them off to the rest of the Wizarding World, I don't believe he would have missed you out." Ron looked at the man suspiciously and nodded his head, "Yeah he told me." Severus sighed and took another step forward, he could tell that the young wizard wasn't going to make it easy for him. "Then you know that Lily was my best friend before we entered Hogwarts. Growing up I became infatuated with her, I loved her more than anything and anyone else in the world. I thought…. well I thought we were meant to be, that we would have the fairy tale story. But then she met Potter." Although Potter junior had told the Wizarding World of his memories, Severus had never openly spoke about his love for Lily with anyone except Dumbledore. Not even Hermione knew all the details. He didn't want people to feel sorry for him. "No offence Snape, but what's that got to do with me." Ron spat, already knowing where the older wizard was going with the story. In a way, he wanted to both hear it, and at the same time, didn't. "I saw the way you were looking at Hermione. She has been your best friend since you were eleven. You have been through so much together. It is only natural that you fell in love with her. But instead of being together, you have to watch her love someone else, someone you see as an enemy. Just like Lily and I. But not only did I ruin any chances of us being together and having our happily ever after. I ruined everything including our friendship and trust. It's too late for me to make amends for that Mr Weasley, but it's not too late for you. Hermione loves you, as a friend only." Severus said gently, not wanting the younger wizard to get the wrong idea. Hermione was his witch after all. "She misses you Mr Weasley, I myself can't understand it, but I do not wish to see her unhappy. Having you in her life, would undoubtedly make her happier." "Why are you telling me this?" Ron whispered quietly, the sorrow clearly sounding in his voice. Severus sighed, feeling exasperated. "As I said, I know how you are feeling. I do not wish for you to feel that way. Plus, I want the woman that I love to be completely happy, if that means having you in her life, then I will do what I can to make that happen." Ron heard the tenderness in the older wizard's voice, he genuinely meant what he said. Which eased the pain in Ron's chest slightly? "You really do love her." Ron said, more as a statement than a question. He saw truth soften Snape's usually harsh features. "I do Mr Weasley. So much so that after tonight I wish to propose to her. But before I do, I would like your blessing." Ron gasped at the revelation, unable to hide his shock. "You-you're going to propose?" Ron stammered. "What about your feelings for Lily. I thought you still loved her?" Ron asked, feeling once again suspicious. If he was losing Hermione to another man, then he wanted to make sure it was too someone who deserved her. Someone who would never hurt her, and who would be completely true and faithful to her. Unable to hide his frustration, Severus pinched the bridge of his nose. When would people stop asking this bloody infuriating question? Wasn't he allowed to have a past? Looking at the young wizard Severus said, "Lily Potter was my past Mr Weasley. Yes, I loved her and yes, I will always love her. But I realised a long time ago that what I felt for her was friendship, not a romantic love. Hermione is my present and my future. What I have with her, it's so much more. And knowing that she returns my love, well it's everything. Someday, you will get your second chance, and when you do, you will know. You will feel the difference. Until then it will be hard, and it will hurt, I won't lie. But Hermione needs you, you are her best friend. Don't make the same mistake I did, and ruin everything that you have." Severus turned, and walked away without looking back. He had done his part, now it was up to the ginger haired Weasley boy. For now, he had his witch to find. Watching the dark wizard leave, no billowing black robes in sight, Ron stood rooted to the spot, as if someone had shot a stunner at him. Did he really just have that conversation with his feared Potion's Professor? Unable to stop it, a huge grin spread across his face, as he tried to take in the absurdity of what had just happened. Snape had just given him some really good help, and for the first time in a long time, Ron felt lighter. He thought back over everything Snape had just said, and realised he was right. He really didn't want to lose Hermione completely, and if that meant letting go of any romantic feelings he harboured, despite how painful it would be, then he would. Hermione was worth it. Everyone thought Ron was childish and immature, but now it was time to prove them all wrong and to man up. With some determination, Ron went back into the castle. He would not make Snape's mistake. Ron Weasley had a friendship to save and a wizard to thank. Just a little short story. I hope you liked it. Xx