did you pull that one off?" "Let's just say, I just put my best foot forward," Terry replied smugly, laughing to himself. Professor Sprout's Little Shop of Horrors "Professor Sprout," called Hermione, peeking her head into the doorway. "I got your note and... what are you doing here?" "The same as you I expect," replied Draco, rolling his eyes. "Really, for the so called smartest witch of our age, you'd think you'd have a little less trouble putting two and two together." "I'm here because Professor Sprout asked me to help with the replanting of the Devil's Snare due to my expertise with this particular plant," replied Hermione haughtily. "I highly doubt you would be here for the same reason." "Well, I am. Perhaps Professor Sprout recognizes my genius." "Perhaps Professor Sprout is smoking too much of that plant she keeps hidden in the off limits section of the greenhouse," Hermione retorted. Draco laughed. "That was a good one. I didn't know you had a sense of humor. Of course, it seems like lately I'm finding out a lot of surprising things about you." Hermione blushed. "About last night..." she began. "You don't have to explain," Draco reassured her. "It happens to a lot of girls." "I... what?" "That loss of self control. I guess I'm just irresistible." Hermione scowled. "Believe me, you are plenty resistible." Draco smirked. "Is that why you grabbed my face and practically devoured me whole with that kiss?" "That was..." "The potion? I think we both know that's not true." "I was going to say a temporary case of insanity. And for your information, psychology has proven that the Placebo Effect can be just as powerful–" "I'll say," said Draco, smirking again. "You enjoyed that kiss as much as I did," said Hermione, jabbing him in the chest. "So, you're admitting you enjoyed it?" "No!" exclaimed Hermione quickly. "I think we should stop talking about it. It just makes me frustrated." "Sexually frustrated?" Hermione glared at him and then looked at her watch. "Where is Professor Sprout? This is turning out to be a complete waste of time." "You know, maybe we should just do it." Hermione's eyes nearly popped out of her head. "Do it?" she repeated in a strangle voice. "Re-pot the plants. We don't need to wait for Professor Sprout." Hermione let out the breath she was holding. "I don't think that's a good idea, Malfoy. It could be dangerous." "Scared of a little plant, Granger?" "Devil's Snare can be deadly," Hermione lectured. "Oh, if you don't think you can handle it," began Malfoy. "Oh, I can handle it. It just so happens I have real life experience handling it. I saved Harry and Ron from a nasty batch of it first year. But..." Malfoy wasn't listening. He had already reached out to grab the plant and was pulling it out of the pot. Hermione watched in fascination as a vine immediately slithered its way up one of his legs. "Um, Malfoy," began Hermione. "No offense, but I'm a little busy here. As you can see, I am perfectly capable of doing this without your help. Why don't you just sit back and enjoy the show?" He raised his eyebrows up and down suggestively. "Okay," said Hermione with a shrug. The Devil's Snare had now entwined itself around both of his legs without him noticing. It really was a clever little plant. Vines systematically began climbing and wrapping themselves around every part of his body. By the time Draco finally realized what was happening, it was too late. The plant tightened its hold and pulled, putting him in the awful predicament of being held spread eagle in front of a very amused Hermione Granger. "You're getting off on this, aren't you?" "A little bit," she admitted, unable to hide her smile It's the Hard-Knock Life for Anthony Goldstein "Mr. Goldstein," said Pomona in surprise. "What are you doing slinking around my greenhouse after curfew? And with a camera no less." "I, er, was just plant watching," said Anthony, grasping at straws. "Oh! Well, that's all right then," said Pomona, sounding pleased. "I'm a proud plant watcher myself. I guess I can refrain from taking off points this time since it's for such a worthy cause. However, next time, be sure to get my permission first." "Yes, ma'am. Thank you, ma'am," said Anthony, turning quickly to go. "Did you get any good pictures?" Pomona asked interestedly. "A few maybe," said Anthony uncomfortably. "You'll have to make me copies." "Um, I'll see what I can do," said Anthony. "They might not turn out quite proper." "Which plant were you trying to capture?" "The Devil's Snare." "Ooh! That's a feisty one. I hope you got some good action shots." "I think I did," said Anthony, his face turning red. "I really should be going." "Are you sure you got a good angle from here? Let me see," said Pomona, climbing up to the spot he had been standing. "Oh, Professor, don't–" "Oh, my," said Pomona, pressing her nose against the window. "Dear me. That is not a proper use of Devil's Snare at all." Anthony clamored up beside her to see what was going on. He lifted up the camera to get a particularly interesting shot, but Professor Sprout snatched it from his hands. "I'll be taking that as well as twenty House points." "But Professor," protested Anthony. "Spying on other students is unseemly, Mr. Goldstein. You should be ashamed of yourself." "I'm unseemly? But what about them. They're... they're..." "Yes, they certainly are," said Pomona, taking one last look and clucking her tongue in disapproval. "We should give them some privacy." "But aren't you going to do something about it?" asked Anthony incredulously. "I try not to entangle myself in such affairs. I prefer to 'vine' my own business." Anthony stared at her in disbelief. "That would have been funny if you really were a plant watcher. Now off to bed with you." Intermission