telling him this. After a moment Potter continued in a sad tone, "He's into Cho anyway. Everyone knows that." Why was she this sad? Did she have a crush on Diggory? This was stupid! But then again hadn't that been the reason Draco had followed her tonight? Before he could stop it, he found himself asking, "And what about you? Who sets your heart on fire?" With baited breath and a pounding heart, Draco waited for the girl's reply. But all she did was let his collar go in surprise, mumbling, "As if I'd tell you that." Exactly. What had he expected, really? That she would spill her heart to him? She wasn't even looking at him. Instead her gaze was fixated on the ground in front of her, seemingly embarrassed. When Draco realized what that very likely meant, his heart sank, bereft of all energy. But he didn't show her that. He couldn't. So, he faked a smile and declared triumphantly, "There is someone! There really is someone. I can't wait to find out who the unlucky chap is. Probably Longbottom or some other loser, right?" He laughed but it sounded hollow even to his own ears. What was wrong with him? Why did it feel like someone was squeezing his heart in an iron grip? Why was it suddenly so hard to breathe? Potter looked tired. Of course she looks tired, it's way past midnight! She was saying something now, but it was hard to follow her words when there was a weird sensation in his ears that turned every spoken thing into a foggy mess. All he heard was Neville and better dating material and you . You . Then Potter turned around again, snapping Draco out of his daze. She was walking away again. But Draco still hadn't gotten any answers from her! He wasn't going to let her leave him like this. Not before she answered at least one of his questions! So, how did he stop her? "It's not Diggory though, is it?" Draco called, grabbing the first best thought from his mind. This time Potter didn't stop. She turned around for a moment. Just long enough to call out, "Guess you'll have to find out at the Yule Ball along with everyone else." There was a cheeky grin on her face. B rat , Draco thought sourly, starting to follow her, when the visor of his helmet came down and turned the world black. Hastily, he shoved the visor back up, but the Gryffindor had already vanished around a corner. When Draco got to the corner, he found nothing but an empty hallway. "Damn it," he cursed running a hand through his hair, but he couldn't even do that because of the helmet! Growing more frustrated by the moment, Draco tried to pull the helmet off his head. It wouldn't budge. His head was stuck inside the blasted thing. A manic laugh left his throat. Then another. Then another. Then it was completely quiet again. He really hated Haley Potter. Why did she always have to turn his life into a complicated mess? "I think you should try one a size bigger." What the-? Who had said that? Draco turned around and found a girl standing there. The girl had dirty blond hair that fell down to her waist and round blue eyes that were directed straight at him. "Who-Who do you think you're-" Draco started but the girl continued talking without listening. "I know some people think that you can see the future, if you put on a knight's helmet on a full moon night. But I think that's only a myth. I tried it myself, you know." What on earth was this girl talking about? Draco frowned. "Oh and it's not even full moon yet. But you could try again tomorrow if you wanted." Now the Slytherin wasn't too sure whether he was indeed sleep-walking or not. And if he was… what kind of dream was this? The girl was watching him, like she was waiting for an answer. Well, he hoped she was good at waiting because he certainly didn't feel up for this nonsense tonight. Or possibly ever. It seemed like she was done waiting for an answer. Or maybe she hadn't been waiting in the first place? In any case the girl was looking at the helmet again in a contemplative way and murmured, "You really should have tried a bigger size. Your head is too big." Draco gaped at her. Who did that girl think she was? Talking to him like this! The girl stepped closer to him until she was only about three steps away from him. Then she reached up to her face and drew a wand from behind her left ear. "What are you-?" There was a wand in his face and before he could reach for his own wand the girl had whispered, " Engorgio " and with a flick her wand was gone again. With a contend little smile the girl stepped back again and watched him curiously. "There. Now it fits properly." Draco blinked in confusion. Who was this girl? He wanted to ask but she would probably interrupt him again. "Well, then," the girl said after a moment, "Goodnight, Draco Malfoy." Draco watched her leave in the direction she had come from. Absentmindedly he grabbed the helmet on his head and pulled. His head was finally free! But now it was filled with questions. … A/N: Hello everyone! Another SoY sidefic! I present to you... Draco's POV! I have to say it's so much fun to write from his perspective. He is such an arrogant drama queen! And I wanted to give him a sidekick. So he got Luna :) I adore her so much! I won't rewrite the whole fic in this POV but I will add scenes that I feel are interesting enough to include them here. Leave me your thoughts? Enjoy people! Till next time, Feather :)