a party, later on, but it had been mired with politics and formalities, and she never quite enjoyed those. Her position in the Ministry had created an invisible barrier between herself and her former colleagues, and in the end it had been just Harry and herself, in a café in Paris. A brief respite from the war that had coloured every aspect of her life. She had never quite realized up until then how much she craved a moment of normalcy, without the looming threat of death and destruction around every corner. She recalled how they had sat together after a particularly brutal mission, taking shots of Firewiskey in a futile attempt to drown out the guilt they felt. It didn't work, of course, and she still remembered the sticky feeling of half-dried blood on her hands, the look of terror in the face of the man she had just killed, the conjured knife lodged in his throat. She had seen Harry at his most vulnerable that moment. They had held each other, craving contact as to reassure themselves that they were still human despite the everything they had done. The glimpses of memory were gone as fast as they came, but others replaced them, and Amelia thought back to most meaningful moments between them, even as she desperately tried to reassert control over her traitorous mind. She squeezed her eyes shut, but it didn't stop the images that continued to flash through her mind. She could almost feel the icy wind now, chilling her to the bone, as she thought back to how Harry and herself had lead a group of hit-wizards through the snow-covered mountains where the Death Eaters had set up a save house. He had tried to convince her to remain at the Ministry, but she had hated the thought of standing by while everyone else risked their lives. So she had been there when the world suddenly caught fire, the ice brought to the boiling point in the fraction of a second. She had seen several of her men disintegrate before her eyes, powerless before the devouring, otherworldly heat of Fiendfyre. She had thought herself dead, then, but Harry had subdued the fire, and she had lived. Amelia shook her head, the numbness from that moment still lingering on her mind. He had saved her life that day. And here she was, about to repay him by banishing him from this world, while he was still unconscious from the battle he fought to save their community. And she knew that this was so wrong, that she should step forward now, stop Saul before he started the ritual. But she also knew that she wouldn't, and she hated herself for it. She watched as Saul raised the staff, the golden eagle glinting in the candlelight. She felt a tingle of magic in the air as he swung it downwards. She stood silently as the point of no return passed, and she couldn't help but feel the tiniest bit relieved that the choice had been taken from her, as much as she loathed herself for it. With a loud crash, the bottom end of the staff connected with the floor, accompanied by an intoxicating rush of magic that made her feel pure euphoria and washed away all other thoughts. Regaining her senses, Amelia hurriedly steadied herself when realized that she had almost been brought to to her knees. Still light-headed, she tried her best to stop her limbs from shivering in the magically charged atmosphere. She looked at Saul, who seemed entirely unaffected. His face set in determination, he began to chant. " Exaudi Trivia orationem meam et ne despexeris deprecationem mea. Pertenta animam meam et iudica me dignus qui dedit donum magicae. Expellet ab hoc seculo qui obtulit in inanis inritus et ignis entropia. " Amelia felt an almost imperceptible shift in the magic that saturated the air the moment the last word echoed through the chamber. Then, before her eyes, Harry slowly rose into the air, his limbs hanging loosely downwards, before he came to a stop two meters above the ground. The bowls with the potion started to blaze with a blinding viridian light, drowning out the meagre illumination of the candles and touching the entire chamber into a otherworldly blue hue. Flowing upwards through invisible pathways, the potion divided into thin strands of glowing liquid and drew the edges of a spherical shape into the air - a Dodecahedron, if Amelia's memory of half-forgotten Arithmancy lessons was to be believed - with Harry's unconscious body at its centre. Faster than Amelia could comprehend, the magic that had filled the chamber suddenly contracted onto the levitating body. For a brief moment, the surface of the Dodecahedron coalesced, breaking reality, refracting space and time in impossible configurations. Then the light extinguished. It was over. Amelia let out a breath she didn't realize she had been holding. In the darkness, vivid after-images burned into her cornea were the only thing visible. The sudden withdrawal of magic left her feeling oddly empty, her mind still numb from what she just witnessed. Slowly, her eyes readjusted to the dim candlelight. Harry was gone. The only thing left from the ritual were empty bowls and the smell of ozone. Saul sat on the edge of the platform, the Roman Aquilia held loosely in his hands, his face lined with exhaustion. Amelia stumbled over and sat down beside him. It was only then that it hit her. Harry was gone. All at once, the grief, guilt and self-loathing came crushing down on her, and for once, she didn't have the strength to hold it in. She felt a phantom weight crushing her chest as she broke out in muffled sobs. Saul held her tightly in a gesture of comfort, empty though it was. She barely noticed when he brought up the wand to her face, speaking the incantation with a weary voice and a hint of regret. " Oblivate ."