in relief. He felt her body slide up his body until her head appeared from the blankets. She grinned at him, as if they had not been engaging in sexual activity just moments earlier. He could only stare at her in awe, he had no idea how he got so lucky. If only he could wake up to her every morning. "You're perfect," he didn't mean to say that out loud, but he had to let her know. Rose creased her brows and frowned. "You don't have to say that, you know. Just because I blew you, doesn't mean you have to feel obligated to say it" "What? I'm not just saying that because you've given me the best night of my life. You have no idea. I've been completely in love with you since fourth year and I mean it when I say you're perfect. As cheesy as it sounds, you're perfect for me" the words spilled out of his mouth and he reached out to stroke her cheeks with one hand, and another around her waist. "I-," Rose began, she didn't know what to say. There was silence. "Why did you leave me? After the Gryffindor party, why did you leave me?" He asked with a pang of sadness. She looked away from him, all the while mindlessly stroking his chest with her hands. "I was embarrassed. As much as I enjoyed it, I couldn't believe I lost my virginity in an abandoned classroom. I always pictured a romantic dinner date and..." "That was your first time?" Scorpius asked in awe. Clearly he had been too drunk to remember the details of the encounter, but he wanted to kick himself for ruining it for her. "Yes... and I wanted you to be the first. You were the only person I could picture myself with, but we were graduating and I never thought I would really see you again. I didn't think twice, and jumped at the opportunity." "Rose, I'm so sorry. I know I must've caused you so much pain" "I was hoping you'd come talk to me," Rose replied, "I know it's ridiculous as I was the one who left, but a part of me thought that if you really wanted me, you would've come for me" "I was scared that you didn't want me the way I wanted you." Her eyes watered from hearing his heartfelt confession. Not wanting to cry in front of him, she tried to lighten the mood. "It's a good thing I decided that I spent enough time moping after you and actually do something about it" "What're you talking about?" "My house isn't flooding at all, and even if it were, I could have gone to my parents' home, the Burrow, or any of my other cousins'. I knew it was Haz and Al's anniversary and that he would be spending the night with her. So I merely suggested that he could lend his room to me." "You did all that to get in my bed?" Scorpius wondered, "Who would've known Rose Weasley had such a Slytherin side to her" He leaned upwards to give her a kiss. As their lips met, the kiss became more desperate. Scorpius could feel himself harden. As much as he would like to go another round, he knew he had more pressing matters to discuss. "So, where does this leave us?" He asked, slightly breathless from the kiss. "What do you want?" She replied hesitantly "You know how I feel, Rose, I want you. I want us" She responded by kissing him again. "We should go get some food," Scorpius said after a while, "I'm starving" Rose nodded in response, as they slid out of the bed and he put on his underwear and she took his shirt. They began to continue making the dinner from last night, when they heard the opening of the front door. "Scorp? I got you soup," shouted Al Smelling food, Al immediately headed to the kitchen. He dropped his bags in surprise at the sight before him. "What is going on?" He asked with uncertainty. Before him, he saw his best friend standing in the middle of the kitchen, with a mass of hair standing behind him. Before he could ask who she was, the girl had lifted her head. "Rose-?" Al exclaimed, "What the fuck is this?" "Hmmm… Well, we… yea," Rose struggled to form her words "Were you here all along?" Al asked as realisation dawned upon him, "Holy fuck, you were fucking in the bedroom this morning, weren't you? That's disgusting. Why would you traumatise me like that?" "Stop being such a drama queen, Al. We're adults and we do adult things," Scorpius explained, "No offence, mate, but do you mind giving us some time to sort ourselves out?" He glanced down at his state of undress "Ugh yea, I'm out of here. I'll be back tonight. Please try not to ruin every surface in this flat," Al groaned, as he was walking towards the Floo, he turned back, "By the way just so you know, Scorp, if you hurt her…" he spun his wand. "Got it, now get out of her," Scorpius said light-heartedly. It could've gone much worse, he thought. As Al flooed out of the house, Scorpius turned to face Rose. She looked adorable with her extremely red face. "Well, that was awkward," Rose said "If you think that was awkward, imagine what it would be like if we told your whole family that I'm your boyfriend" "So is that what you are now?" Rose smirked, "I never remember agreeing to those exact terms" "You are infuriating, Rose Weasley, but I love you anyway. Will you be my girlfriend?" "Yes" A/N: Hope you guys enjoyed it. I was actually really nervous about publishing this story! Leave a review if you liked it, it would mean a great deal to me. Also, let me know if you want more Scorose stories in the future!