her a wink, "Actually, I assumed a proposal, a wedding, and purchasing a new home was plenty for a week." Ron furrowed his eyebrows, turning to look at her quickly, "you don't like it?" Hermione realized what Ron thought, quickly leaning on her elbow, turning to shadow over Ron. "I do! I do love it! It will be lovely to get away for a few days. I simply adore the beach," Hermione reassured him, resting a hand on his bare chest, and meeting his lips gently. "Good. You had me worried there for a second. I've arranged for Ginny and Harry to bring Rose tomorrow, so she can stay with us for a bit. I was worried she wouldn't do well being away from us for more than two nights." Hermione grinned again, running her hand along Ron's toned chest. Ron's breath hitched, feeling her delicate fingers being goosebumps upon his skin. "So that means we'll have one more night to ourselves..." Hermione whispered, trailing her hand lower to his stomach. Ron swallowed as Hermione was leaning closer to him, it didn't help that her adroit fingers were lowering themselves on his freckled skin, "and a few hours in the morning," he added, his voice husky. "We'll have to make the most of it then..." Hermione leaned in closer as her skillful fingers threaded through the ginger hair that trailed from his belly button on down. Just as Ron thought he would receive a lovely wedding gift from his wife, she pecked him on the lips, and sprung from the floor, laughing wholeheartedly as she ran around the corner to the stairs. Ron remained stunned, watching her firm bum, that he was thrilled to be refamiliarizing himself with, jiggling slightly as she exited the room. "Woman's going to kill me," Ron chuckled to himself, as he stood, adjusting uncomfortably now that his manhood had been reawakened. A crooked grin spread across his features as he heard their shower turn on. He picked up his speed as he headed toward her. ... They certainly made the most of their time alone at the hotel. Spending most of the night awake, and most of the morning lounging about, both figuring they would be out and about when Rose was there. As much as they enjoyed the time just the two of them, they were yearning to see their daughter again. It was the longest time Hermione had ever been away from her daughter, and she was already feeling the anxiety of her being away. Promptly at 11:30, Harry and Ginny Apparated into their muggle hotel room with Rose. Harry had checked about fifteen times that the time was correct, and again, right before coming, that the pair was fully dressed and not up to anything, lest scarring the three of them. Hermione felt tears prickle her eyes as she saw Rose's excitement, instantly wanting down and into her mum's arms. She swallowed them down as she met her daughter, squeezing her gently, and breathing in her scent. Rose stretched in Hermione's arms to Ron next, wrapping herself around his abdomen like a monkey. "I must say, she's loads easier when we're both feeling well," Ginny chuckled, now knowing that it wasn't their lack of parenting ability that sent Rose home the last time they attempted to keep her overnight, but, instead a bout of influenza, causing Rose as well as Ginny to be off their game. "She was quite the trooper this time, even though there may have been a few tears around bedtime. And it wasn't just Harry's! She really missed you two," Ginny sighed, hearing Harry scoff at her words. "Only kidding, love. Harry was a trooper as well," she kissed him on the cheek, before linking her arm through his, to watch the reuniting family. "Well, I'm glad she wasn't too much trouble, she can get a bit grumpy sometimes," Hermione commented, as she reached over to smooth down her curls, sighing with a smile as they sprung back up instantly. "Want'a join us for lunch? There's a restaurant down the way that looks good, Hermione looked them up and said their known for their fish and chips, and mince pies" Ron suggested to his sister, and brother in law. "No, we couldn't intrude, it is your honeymoon after all," Harry shook his head. Ginny raised her eyebrow at her husband. "Most newlyweds don't honeymoon with their almost three-year-old," Hermione chuckled, "Join us. It'll be our treat since you watched Rose." "Well, when you put it that way. Let's go!" Ginny grinned. ... A few hours later, and Rose was sleeping peacefully in the middle of their hotel bed, with Ron lying beside her. Rose's hand stretched out, resting on Ron's scarred arm. "I think somebody missed their Daddy," Hermione whispered, exiting the loo, and pacing over to the bed. She stretched out next to Rose, sandwiching her in the middle. "She did," Ron sighed, eyes glued on his daughter. "And I notice she's not in her playpen?" Hermione smirked at Ron, knowing he was the one who insisted the tot start sleeping in a room of her own in the new house, which Hermione had gladly agreed to. "I assume someone missed their daughter a bit more than he'd like to admit." "Oh, I missed her alright. She's got me wrapped around her little finger, she does," Ron beamed at her, glancing over to Hermione. "She'll be sleeping in her own room at the house, but, I figured a kip wouldn't hurt anyone." Hermione grinned back, watching as Ron's eyes slid slowly shut. A/N: Well, here is the start of the sequel to Three Years Later! It will explore the lives of Ron and Hermione as a newly married couple, and the years following. I truly hope you enjoy it. Once again, I cannot promise regular updates or lengths, but I will do my best! Please follow, share, and review! Or just let me know what you think!