By the looks of things, he and the owl beside him were the only creatures there capable of flight so he supposed they should pair up. He turned back to the owl. It was a beautiful bird, although quite slight, which he presumed meant it was female. Noticing his stare, the owl turned her huge eyes to his. Severus arched his brow at her, meaning shall we? He hoped the expression was conveyed adequately on a hawk's face. Evidently it was, for the owl gave a cheery hoot that was oddly endearing. . Trying not to look too pleased that Severus and Hermione had managed to pair up with each other unawares, Minerva cast a spell over the seekers to temporarily deafen and blind them so the hiders could scamper into the forest and conceal themselves. When they had had sufficient time to hide, she released the seekers from the spells. She was glad the R.A.S. committee had agreed to let her run the event, since it had been her idea- all the better to observe Severus and Hermione. She turned her gaze back to the seekers. "On your marks... get set... go!" As the other seekers raced into the forest on foot, hoof and paw, the owl and the falcon soared into the sky. They were quite a good team, Hermione thought, turning her gaze to the south of the forest as the falcon peeled away from her to land on a beaver's shoulder several feet below them. As the falcon's talons tapped gently on his shoulder, the beaver transformed into a middle-aged man with a chestnut-coloured moustache. "Dammit," the wizard said, using his wand to transfigure a fallen branch nearby into a broomstick. "I suppose I'd better go and sit with the others that have been found. D'you have any idea which way it is out of the forest?" Severus raised his left wing in the direction of Hagrid's cabin. The hiders that had been found were settling down on picnic blankets there and getting to know one another. There were quite a few the last time he and the owl had flown nearby. "Thanks," the wizard said, clambering onto the broomstick. He opened his mouth again but was interrupted by loud hooting. Without a second glance for the Animagus he had just found peeking out of the hollow log he was hiding in, Severus kicked off the ground and flapped his wings furiously to rise above the tree tops. He found his partner flying in loop-de-loops, hooting excitedly. Severus wasn't prone to using words like "adorable" or "cute", but he conceded to himself that this owl was quite sweet. She was gesturing wildly with her wing towards the south of the forest, where a fountain of red sparks were hovering mid-air over Hagrid's cabin, signalling that the game was over. It seemed she was as new to flying as he was, for every time her wing jabbed towards the sparks, she lost about 3 foot in height and had to flap her wings madly to regain her position. Smiling, Severus jerked his head in the direction she was pointing, and they began to fly towards Hagrid's cabin. . There was quite a crowd sat outside on the picnic blankets, huddled in little groups chattering and drinking the tea the Hogwarts house-elves had provided. A number of the Animagi were famous from both sides of the war, although those from the Dark side must have had relatively minor roles to escape Azkaban or to have been released already. The owl and the falcon came to rest a little way away, smiling at each other- as well as birds can. "Alright," Minerva called, noticing their arrival. "We'll be announcing the winners soon, so if those that are still in Animagus form would like to transform..." There was a pause, then: " You ?" "You?" Severus and Hermione stood, dumbfounded, facing each other. Hermione was speechless, staring at the man she had rowed with so frequently since taking a job at Hogwarts, the man that she loved and who hated her, who was apparently the falcon that she had teamed up with for the game of hide and seek- whom she had enjoyed pairing up with. "You're an Animagus?" Severus said stupidly. The witch he loved smiled amusedly. "I think I demonstrated that, Professor Snape." "Q-quite," he stammered. "I didn't know you had learnt to transform, Professor Granger." "Hermione," she said, a blush rising to her cheeks immediately. "Have you been an Animagus long, Professor Snape?" "Severus," he corrected her. "And no, just recently actually." He shrugged uncomfortably. "I suppose we didn't have chance to mention it in between rows." Hermione looked sheepish. "No," she agreed. "I suppose not." Thinking of the smiles Hermione had thrown his way in owl form during the game, Severus mustered all his courage. "If you would like- I, well, I would like the start over. If you want." Severus was horribly uncomfortable, and Hermione too was awkward. She managed a mischievous smile. "Alright. Well, my name's Hermione. What's yours?" If he hadn't felt so self-conscious, Severus would have scoffed at her, but as it was he smirked and replied, "Severus. It's nice to meet you, Hermione." She blushed. "Erm, there's not much tea leftover by the looks of things, so would you like to come with me to my quarters and get a cup of tea there perhaps?" She had rushed the question, but Severus seemed to understand and nodded. Without a word, the two of them rose to their feet and slipped away unnoticed back to the castle. . "We're going to announce our winners," Minerva called, hushing the crowd of Animagi. "They are Severus Snape and Hermione Granger. Severus and Hermione?" She glanced round wildly. The winners were nowhere to be seen. Hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it, it's just a fun little piece! Looking forward to writing some more Of Snakes and Lions soon :)