some things. What did she know? Number one: Malfoy was a git. Nothing new there. Number two: He was an arrogant, annoying, little ferret. Number three: He used every chance he got to humiliate her and – and… that wasn't right. Last year… at the Yule Ball… he had been acting surprisingly nice toward her. To be fair, Malfoy had also spent a big part of that night annoying the hell out of her… but… he'd also been… really sweet . Haley couldn't believe she'd actually just thought that. Malfoy? Sweet? That was as contradictory as Ron without an appetite! This was exactly why she had been avoiding thinking about this in the first place! Because it inevitably lead her to the uncomfortable question of why . Why had he been so nice? Why had he made sure, she got away from Snape without getting scolded or worse? Why had he done that? Why had he – he… kissed her? Did he… was there a chance that he… liked … her? But that wasn't possible, was it? Haley remembered the note then. The first one. Where he'd asked her to meet up in the kitchens. Haley had waited but Malfoy had never shown up! That should be proof enough, right? He had been fooling her all along. And then the second note… Don't die. He couldn't have written something nice, like Good luck! Or You can do it! It had all been a ploy to unsettle her. Make her ponder over everything uselessly, so that she would fail. So that she would end up dying. Just like Cedric had. Haley suppressed a sob. "Haley, what's wrong?" Hermione's question pulled her out of her worrying spiral, with brutal force. "Sorry, what?" "You've been… staring at the same spot for minutes. I'm not stupid, Haley, I do notice when people stop listening to me." She didn't sound like she was annoyed, more like genuinely worried. "I just – I'm just… tired. It's all been a little much lately." It helped that she had to yawn for real in that second. She really was tired after all. "Of course. I understand," Hermione said in an understanding tone, "but… you know… hypothetically speaking, if there was something else on your mind that you wanted to talk about, but you weren't sure who to turn to... you could always tell me . You know that, right?" Hermione really was too observant for her own good. And in that moment there was nothing Haley wanted to do more than to just tell her . Everything. But where would she start? What was she supposed to leave out? Should she just blurt it all out like 'You know that guy from Slytherin, who always calls you a mudblood, and gets a kick out of being mean to people? Yeah, that one, well turns out, he can be quite nice if he wants to be. He even kind of kissed me at the Yule Ball. And now I don't know what to make of all of this and if it means something. Or if I even want it to mean something. Because it might as well all be one big prank but maybe it's not. And then there's also the whole thing where his father's a Death Eater, which I, like, saw with my own eyes. S o we're technically enemies. But it could be worse , right?' Yeah, that sounded like a good plan. "Thanks, Hermione. I'll … keep that in mind." Haley whispered with a soft smile. Hermione sighed, understanding that whatever it was that her friend had on her mind, she wasn't ready to talk about it yet. "I'm gonna head up to bed," Haley said with a yawn, "See you tomorrow. And congrats on being a prefect again." "Thank you. I won't be too long either. Good night, Haley." "Good night," Haley waved, getting up and trying to escape without having anyone question her leaving. It wasn't too difficult. Everyone was busy celebrating. Haley shook her head in annoyance as she climbed up the stairs tiredly. She didn't understand how they could be so relaxed with everything that was happening. She wanted to forget about her worries, too. She wanted to lie in her bed for once, without having to brace herself for another nightmare. As she was lying there, staring at the black ceiling above, she tried desperately not to think about a blond boy, who she'd see again tomorrow. A boy who might or might not like her. Who she might find a tiny bit likable herself. "Stop it," Haley whispered to the darkness, "It doesn't matter. He's the son of a Death Eater. He's your enemy. It doesn't matter." Have you forgotten what they' ve d one to Cedric? A voice said in her head. Of course she hadn't forgotten about that. How could she? But he hasn't done it. He wasn't even there , said another voice, He's not a Death Eater. "It doesn't matter," Haley whispered. There was no voice that answered this time. In her head or other. … A/N: Hello my dear readers :) First of all, thank you for reading! I'm so happy that I can finally present the first chapter of my sequel to you! For now it's still a little angsty but... well that will change soon. And it's not too angsty I think. Hopefully now you understand why the last chapter of SoY was so Cedric-heavy. It was necessary to make the impact his death has on Haley more evident. Next chapter we'll see some more Hogwarts people on the Hogwarts Express. Yay! I might not be able to update often because things around here will get pretty busy soon. I'll still try not to let you guys wait too long though! There will be an update for A little Braver soon. So keep your eyes open for that, if you follow that :) Have fun and leave me your thoughts, Feather :)