inside, Scorpius turned around and looked at the giant family. "Thankyou, you all made me feel welcomed today, and I just want you all to know that I had a great time." He smiled at them. "You're welcomed back here anytime sweetheart, you'll always have a place here with us." Molly Weasley said as she and the rest of the Weasley/Potter clan smiled at him as he left. Harry was disgusted by what he had witnessed today. No one deserves to face that type of bigotry, no matter what Scorpius's parents had done in the past. Ron was also fuming inside, a part of him wanted to hunt down those prats who did that to the boy. Regardless of how he felt about Scorpius, he couldn't help but be reminded of the same thing happening to Hermione. Rose felt a wave of guilt. She had been so mean to Scorpius during their first 3 years, thinking the worst of him, only to find out her own house had done such a disgusting act like this. Albus knew his best friend had always faced prejudice, he just didn't know to what extent until now. Hermione arrived at Malfoy Manor with Scorpius. She waited in his living room until he got on a new change of clothes. Scorpius walked back in and looked at Hermione for a few seconds before taking a seat next to her. They sat in silence for a while as Hermione thought about what had happened. She felt partially responsible for this. She had done so much in the Ministry to make the wizarding world safer for muggle-borns and half-bloods, but she neglected purebloods. She even had measures in place that would at times favor any non-purebloods. It wasn't until now that she realized all she did was become what she had always hated. She had unintentionally encouraged discrimination against purebloods and she hated herself for that. "I'm sorry if I ruined the evening Mrs. Weasley, I really did enjoy myself though." Scorpius said. Hermione was shocked by his apology. "You didn't ruin it Scorpius, everyone was just startled by the sudden turn of events." She said. Scorpius stayed silent once again. Hermione look towards him as she lifted up her left sleeve. "It happened to me to once." She said. Scorpius looked over to her in confusion. That is until he saw her looking down at her arm. He had been so caught up in thinking about his own problem that he forgot Hermione had a similar experience to his. "My great aunt did that to you." He stated. "My father told me the story." "Yes, she did, I still remember it as if it was yesterday. It's been 19 years and the wound has long since healed, but the emotional scars never go away." She stated. Scorpius couldn't help but feel hatred towards himself, hatred for being a Malfoy. "I'm sorry for everything my family put you through." Scorpius said while looking at her with a pained expression. Hermione cupped a hand on his face. "Oh… honey, don't you ever apologize for that alright?" She hated his great aunt and his grandparents, and to some extent she still didn't like Draco too much, but it wasn't Scorpius's fault. "Don't you ever think that I blame you for any of this, because I don't, you are a great kid Scorpius, and don't you ever think twice about that." "That really means a lot to hear you say that, thank you Mrs. Weasley, you… well, you kind of remind me of my mum, she always knew what to say during times like these." Scorpius said trying to hide the blush growing on his face. Hermione smiled. "Well I'm glad I could help, and you know you could always talk to me about anything, don't ever be afraid of coming to me if you need something." "I will Mrs. Weasley." Scorpius replied, smiling at the woman who he was beginning to see as a mother figure. "Well Scorpius, I had better get going, and I want you in bed early today mister, after that fall you took you need your rest." She scolded. "Yes Mrs. Weasley, before you go can I ask you something?" "Sure, what's on your mind." She replied. "Did you really punch my father in the face when you were in school?" He asked. Hermione's eyes widened and her face turned red. "Who told you that?" "Uh… Rose's uncle George." Scorpius shifted. Hermione shook her head, making a mental note to kill George when she returned. "Yes… I did, and it was wrong of me to do… but your father well." "Asked for it?" Scorpius finished. "Yes, but that was still wrong on my part, that's a story for another day however." She said. "Alright, I think that's pretty funny though." He replied. "Goodnight Mrs. Weasley." "Goodnight Scorpius." She smiled, but stopped herself remembered to ask one more thing. "Scorpius, I know you aren't up for it right now, but when you feel more comfortable, I would like you to point out the Gryffindors who did that to you, as Minister for Magic I can't let something like that go unpunished." Hermione instructed him. Scorpius hesitated before nodding. "I will." As Hermione floo'd back to the burrow she had a lot on her mind. She promised herself however that after today, she would no longer look at bigotry and prejudice as just black and white. As she learned today bigotry wasn't only purebloods hating half-bloods and muggle-borns or muggle-borns being called mud-bloods. Today Hermione learned that bigotry knows no limits, and even those you think will never be hurt or affected by it, are not safe from its grasp. A/N: I hope you enjoyed. Please leave reviews, they really help motivate me to write these stories. Also make sure to check out my other one shots and review those if you haven't yet. Share if you like and I hope you all have a wonderful day.