"I believe that's a question for both her and Harry Monsieur Delacour," Sirius answered, apparently knowing the man. Together and separately Fleur and Harry gave their accounts of what happened, starting with their own separate flight from the Death Eaters and ending with the Ministry officials attempting to Stun them. Hermione's grip on Harry's arm tightened as he spoke and Ron's face went became more ashen with every word. He looked ashamed that he hadn't been there, though there was really no way for him to have been. "So eez zis 'ow ze Ministry does zings 'ere?" Monsieur Delacour questioned, looking directly at Crouch. "My daughter and zis young man fought bravely and you accuse zem of being ze ones 'oo put zat in ze sky?" "They're the only ones here!" Crouch insisted. "One of them had to do it." "Did you not listen to their story Crouch?" Sirius demanded. "They both gave the same description of the man who did it." To the surprise of everyone there Harry suddenly burst into laughter. "Are you really that stupid? Voldemort killed my parents when I was a year old and Fleur was still a toddler living in France when he was defeated. Who the hell would we learn that spell from? Or are you suggesting that we regularly associate with Death Eaters?" Sirius clapped Harry on the shoulder and gave him a mirthful smile. Hermione looked shocked that Harry would talk to a Ministry employee like that while Ron was clearly trying not to laugh. Fleur was watching the whole scene with interest, impressed at Harry's reasoning and willingness to stand up for both of them, especially against a government official. "You can always bring us in for questioning but think how people would respond to that. How many people would demand that you find who really did this instead of wasting time and effort questioning two teens who obviously had nothing to do with it? Is that something you really wanna deal with?" Crouch glared at Harry but the teen could see the hesitation in his eye, the hesitation that told the Boy-Who-Lived that his words had the desired effect. "Spread out and see what you can find," Crouch ordered the Ministry officials. "Maybe we'll get lucky and our man was sloppy. Make sure none of the others get away either. We might be able to learn something from them." Crouch looked at Harry and gave a slight jerk of his head. "Do you remember anything about this man Mr. Potter?" Harry shook his head but Fleur spoke up. "Eet seemed like 'e flicked 'is tongue out, almost like a snake." The older man looked at her in disbelief, muttered a quick thanks, and rushed off, barking out orders even as he was leaving. "I wonder what that was all about," Ron commented, causing Harry to shrug in indifference. "So what's gonna happen now Sirius?" "We'll be staying at the Burrow tonight and then going to my house tomorrow. What happened here wasn't an isolated incident. Something's coming and I'm gonna do what I can to help you prepare for it." Harry nodded, unsure how Sirius was going to accomplish that but he wasn't going to say that. He noticed Fleur walking up to him again out the corner of his eye and turned his head to face her. "It was nice to meet you 'Arry Potter, though I wish eet 'ad been under better circumstances." She gave him a piece of parchment with her address on it. "Feel free to write to me anytime you want." "Thanks Fleur. It was good to meet you too. I'm glad you were by my side tonight." Fleur smiled at him and walked back over to her father, leaving the teen with Hermione and Ron. Author's Note: I want to quickly clarify four things. First of all the reason that Harry was able to resist the Veela is because of his strength of will. Just as he's able to throw off the Imperious Curse he's also able to resist other things that affect his mind, he just has more of a natural affinity for it in this story. Second the reason that Sirius knows Fleur's father will be revealed later so don't assume that I'm blowing it off. Third this will not have any Ron bashing in it. I understand why many people dislike Ron but I don't see him as a terrible friend who wants everything that Harry has. I see him as a teenager who grew up in a family that had nothing and felt that his parents overlooked him in favor of his siblings yet was also able to grow at his own pace and never had anything incredibly terrible happen to him, which makes him rather immature compared to Harry and Hermione. Harry has everything that Ron wants, fortune, fame, and notoriety, and in his immaturity often forgets why Harry has these things. I don't believe that Ron is a bed person or a terrible friend, I believe he's simply an immature teenager who too often doesn't look at what he doesn't really want to see. That being said, Ron will take several hits this story. I'm not going to let him simply act like he does in canon and have Harry simply forgive him. Finally, and most important, Fleur will not be the same as she in most other fanfiction stories. I'm going to attempt to keep her much closer to canon. Yes she has the allure that Veela are known for but it's not uncontrollable for her. She will attract the attention of many men but because of her natural beauty, not because of any outside influence. For those of you wondering this is why Ron didn't lose his mind when he saw her. She also won't be able to change like the full blooded Veela can. If this disappoints anyone then I truly apologize but I'm trying my best to not turn this into a cliche.