was told he fell in, his boat was in the back so I didn't anything before he was in the water" she said simply. "He was pushed, I was in the boat next to him" Rose said as Albus and Quinton nodded as both boys were in her boat. Quinton put a finger on his chin and looked up slightly "Actually now that I think about it, Scorpius went through a lot of bullying in first year" he said as Albus looked down a little. "Oh yea, he was… there were a lot more than one occasion where he would walk out of his dorm drenched with water or his clothes were missing" Madalyn said a little sad. Nickola nodded "There was also the time where Leo and his lackey's enchanted paper birds to follow him around for three days, they'd attack him every time he tried to talk" she said as she too grew saddened by the memory. "That's not even the worst thing they did, after they found out his mother was hospitalised, they stole a picture he had of him and his mother and played keep away through the halls before beating him up" Albus said almost darkly. Rose looked down as she remembers that morning as the first time she ever talked to Scorpius. Rose was walking to breakfast when she heard laughter and the sounds of footsteps coming from a nearby corridor. Rose looked around a corner and saw three Slytherin boys throwing something between one another, as a fourth boy tried to get whatever it was that they were throwing. Not knowing what to do in that situation, she hid around the corner and watched. They eventually flung the object across the ground, stopping not far from where Rose was hiding, breaking it in the process. When the boy tried to run after it, the other three boys proceeded to beat him up. She knows she would have never stood a chance against the three of them, but Rose still regrets hiding from them instead of helping. When they finished, Rose picked up the object. It was an expensive looking photo frame with a picture of the boy and who she guessed was his mother. They looked so happy. She rushed over to the boy and sat him up against the wall "This is what you wanted right?" she asked as she handed the picture to him "I'm afraid the frame is broken… but the photo is still okay" she said with a nervous smile. The boy looked down at the photo and quietly thanked her as Rose could have sworn she saw a tear stream down his face before he got up "Thank you for this, but I suggest you avoid interacting with me… I don't want them to start targeting you for talking to me" he said before limping away. Quinton hummed "But that was all first year, right? Haven't they stopped?" he asked. Albus shrugged "As far as I know they haven't done anything, but that's more because Scorpius doesn't react to it anymore, they got bored with it I suppose" he said. Of course there's more to it than that. Albus had gotten sick of their behavious and didn't want to stand by, so he went to the Scamander Twins. Lorcan and Lysander Scamander are well known for having ways of gathering interesting information on almost everyone in the school. Albus managed to get some information on each of the boys who were tormenting Scorpius and threatened to tell their parents what he knew. Needless to say, the bullying stopped after that, but now they just treat Scorpius like he's not even there. "Who's Scorpius?" Hugo asked confused. All five third years looked to Hugo, having forgotten he was even there "He's the Malfoy boy dad keeps telling me to beat intellectually" Rose said blankly as Hugo nodded, knowing immediately who they were talking about now. Several hours of Hugo drilling the five older kids about Hogwarts later, they eventually reached the very place Hugo didn't stop talking about. As all the students spilled out onto the platform, Rose, Hugo and Albus were welcomed by the familiar old voice of Hagrid, the gamekeeper at Hogwarts and a close family-friend of theirs, yelling out so all the first years could find him. "Well if it isn't Hugo" Hagrid said as the first years gathered around him "I can't believe you're already starting your first year, time sure flies, don't it?" he said with a chuckle. Rose put a hand on Hugo's shoulder "Follow Hagrid and do as he says, I'll see you later" she said before she and the other four third years walked off to the carriages. "Boy, your brother sure loves to talk" Nickola said with a slight laugh. Rose laughed along with her "Yea, he usually does that when he's nervous… dads been telling him constantly this past week about how great Gryffindor is and how he should try to get into Gryffindor" she said a little dramatically. Suddenly, Rose felt something hook behind her neck and push her forwards, almost causing her to fall over before the very thing that pushed her also kept her upright. "Where were you?" Danielle asked as she steadied Rose's stance and unhooked her arm from the red head's neck. "Sorry, I kind of stole her" Madalyn said as Nikola was busy laughing at the shocked expression Rose had on her face at Danielle's sudden hug. Danielle smiled "Oh really? Sucks for you then 'cause dad was riding with us and bought heaps of sweets from the trolley" she said as Rose made a slightly saddened look. "Really?" Rose asked. Tyson appeared behind them "No, she's lying, dad took our flying car here, we were with your cousins James and Fred and their friends Damien and Keely" he said as Danielle grumbled. "Tyson, you're no fun" Danielle said jokingly as the group of third years all piled onto one of the carriages.