foot, Owen Crabbe bruised it terribly," she said. Lucius had taken her arms up for the waltz, but he dropped them. "Are you injured?" he asked. "No," she replied, "it's just slightly swollen and bruised, but I can still dance." "I've never stepped on anyone," he mentioned, smiling softly, "You're in luck." He was an excellent dancer. She had only been his partner during line dances, which didn't require a great deal of finesse. Waltzing required them to dance closer, for him to lead. He was an immaculate, perfect dancer. He never faltered or hesitated in taking her around the floor, his footsteps were lithe. And even as she stepped and winced painfully over her foot, they somehow made it look graceful. When the music ended, she was impressed and still in shock. "You're—oh, you're very good," she said, sheepishly. He laughed and bowed to her. She curtseyed. "Come with me," he told her. She was confused, but did as he said. He escorted her off of the floor and out of the ballroom, into the foyer. She kept her hand on his elbow. He turned down the corridor where the kitchens were located, and pushed open the door. The kitchen was brightly lit, but completely empty. She expected more house elves to be in the room, but they weren't in sight. "Here, let me help you up," he said. He picked her up by the waist and placed her on the counter. He moved to a drawer and found a dish cloth, and then moved to an ice box and placed the ice in the cloth. He wrapped it neatly and walked back over to her. She lifted her skirts to the ankle and he pulled her shoe off to assess the damage. Her foot was bruised from her toes to her ankle and swollen. He pressed the ice against her foot tenderly. "You shouldn't be dancing on this," he advised. She shrugged. "I broke my ankle last summer and danced though it." He looked up in alarm. Clearly he didn't understand the desperate plight single young women faced. Of course he didn't, she thought. He was the fish they were all trying to catch. "Well, remind me to never underestimate your resolve," he replied, smiling warmly up at her. She was taken aback by his grace and kindness. For someone that had looked so morose on the balcony, desperately trying to avoid his own birthday party, he was…well, nice. "Aren't you concerned that your parents are trying to find you again?" she asked him, "Certainly since it's your birthday, you have a long list of dance partners." He looked away from her and adjusted the ice on her foot. "Sure, but I'm sure they would be understanding since you've been injured." Ah, she understood now. He was using her as an excuse to avoid dancing, because dancing meant he had to meet women. And if he avoided them at all costs, then he wouldn't have to choose one to marry. It wasn't a well thought out scheme, or even a smart one, but she understood why he was here now. "I think I'm cured, Mr. Malfoy," she told him, pulling her foot away and standing up, "Thank you, however, for your help." He nodded. He tried to help her down from the counter, but she slipped off herself. Her foot was throbbing painfully, but she shoved her shoe on. She refused to limp in front of him. He escorted her back to the ballroom. The dancing was over—which meant they were in for another monologue from Abraxas, who seemed to particularly enjoy himself in those moments. He lifted his wand to his throat so that everyone could hear him, though Abraxas could be so loud that it hardly mattered. "If anyone has eyes on my son, please let me know now!" The crowd tittered and laughed politely. They looked around and spotted him next to her. "Ah, thank you, Narcissa, for bringing the scoundrel back," he said, and motioned for Lucius to come forward. He moved through the groups to the center of the room. "Today is a momentous day. It's the seventeenth anniversary of the day my life forever changed, because Lucius was born. I cannot convey the amount of gratitude I have that everyone in our community is here to celebrate the occasion. I wish your families the very best. Please, let's continue dancing. I'll stop blathering on, let's get on with it, then!" He dropped his wand and laughed. He clapped the man nearest him on the shoulder roughly. The music started again, and the dancing continued. Narcissa went through her card. She nearly slapped one of her partners when he stepped on the same injured foot, but she bit her tongue until she couldn't feel the pain anymore, and moved along to the next partner. It was 1:00 AM before the party officially ended, but there were still dancers and drinking. Everyone in her family was exhausted, however, and said goodnight to the Malfoys, who looked less cheery than they had hours ago, and sleep deprived. They walked the family to the door. "I am so happy you came out tonight, Cygnus," Abraxas said, "It's always a pleasure. And your lovely wife and daughters, of course." He bowed to them and they curtseyed. Ophelia hugged Druella warmly. "I will be at your house for the weekly meeting, despite the late night!" she laughed lightly. Her mother had some sort of community club for the wives and they did projects of some sort, but Narcissa didn't know the details; it sounded horrendously boring. Her mother was the leader and hostess, so all of the wives sat in her salon for a few hours each week. The carriage was in front of the house, and they climbed in sleepily. Bellatrix leaned her head against Andromeda and fell asleep almost instantly. And Narcissa lifted her legs up and took off her shoes. The night was finally over.