to death showed up. The twins turned him into a dog, and fed him a pigs guts, of course. At one, after a nice lunch Harry stuck killing curses in the three prisoners who were already dead, can never be to sure, and all five of Toms lawyers. Claus made a note. Fred and George rolled around laughing. Katie Bell still didn't talk much and she had nightmares every night. The Twins were not best pleased. They all went to Liverpool. Some Serbs had forted up in a bunch of containers up past Bootle. They were waiting for a container ship to load them to escape. The police had, finally, managed to clear the lines of fire, and the container company moved what they could. DLP Harry stepped from the shower into the sunken tub that was full of witches "What a cock up." Tonks chuckled darkly "They couldn't know it was Russians, Serbs, and Georgians." Daphne shook her head "If the Georgians hadn't started shooting at the Russians, and the Serbs at the Georgians, we would have been in trouble." Hermione scowled "You must offer terms your Grace." She said in a deep voice. Harry chuckled "I did what he wanted me to, in three languages. Kill yourselves or we will kill you. He didn't think it was funny at all. He wrote another note. I may have to gas those baszzards again." Hermione leaned over and pecked him on the lips "Thank you Harry." Luna stepped down in the tub "Nope they stick with the no prison will hold you story, and are useful. Well Daphne makes them useful. Oh and Andromeda." Harry lay his head back "So I have to put up with this?" "Uh huh, oh and we have to make Nuremgard disappear. We are out of space." Tracey frowned "Azkaban?" Luna shook her head "The dementors are going back there. Another month and we can pour the tunnel to their section full of concrete and see if they starve to death. Hmmm we need a permanent light, and few mirrors." The girls got working on that and Harry smiled. DLP Claus watched as they levitated drums of plutonium and enriched uranium down the tunnel and vanished the barrels. He backed away from the glow and watched as the cement appeared and filled the tunnel. Harry smiled at him "Two birds, one stone." Claus nodded "As a German I have to admire your efficiency. As a human I am a bit appalled at your genocidal tendencies." "Meh Demons. I'm sure we missed a pair. Now you wanted to see the prisoners from the Bootle fight?" Harry asked. Claus sighed and found himself in front of a gate with 'For the Greater Good' in German on it. He chuckled "I told them it was you." Harry grinned at him. DLP Selwyn writhed under the Cruciatus "Forty three thousand front line fighters Selwyn. Where do you think I am going to replace them from? You morons have been laying on your asses for too long. Time to get you stuck in this fight." The other death eaters stood frozen as Selwyn was tortured mercilessly. The Dark Lord was a bit moody today. DLP Bulstrode looked at Crabbe and Goyle "My daughter found the charm. Both charms. It might suck all the power out of a few of us but we can cast it." Goyle scratched his chin "What for. Your daughter is one of the few left. We'll put her behind it with the boys. The other breeders and a couple boys apiece too. Don't matter if we have no power left. Potter will kill us anyway." Crabbe and Bulstrode nodded. DLP "Meet you on the fields of Bannockburn. In Stirling? Are you drunk?" Harry looked at Tom and tossed a killing curse at him. Tom glared and dodged "Where then?" Harry shrugged "Between Swanage and Dorchester on the Dorset coast. Bring all your idiots." Tom dodged five killing curses, returned a Cruciatus and screamed "Fine!" Claus looked at Harry "The Lulworth ranges your Grace?" Harry just grinned back. Hermione sent a lot of emails while the twins worked over their test subject of the day. DLP Harry whistled watching bombs, gun runs, naval gunfire, indirect from towed and self-propelled artillery, and direct fire from tanks and IFVs chew Voldemort's forces to pieces. The wards had gone up this morning before dawn, before the death eaters and their allies were awake. Anti portkey and Anti Apparition and they were trapped against the country wards on the sea side of the killing zone. It was pretty freaking impressive. Eventually he walked out in front of his forces and after an hour or so they came to Riddles position. Nagini lay dead beside him. Harry squatted down by the armless legless barley alive Riddle "I snuck that tiara into the hole we cemented the Dementors in. Well in the concrete plug in the hole." He expanded a glass jar shrank the dying riddle and put him in it. He then fused the friction fit lid onto it. As the wraith filled the jar he vanished the remains. "Hello Tom. So do you want to sit on the mantle or do you want me to seal you up in a concrete block and drop you in the ocean? What? I'm afraid I can't hear you Tom." Luna stepped up and took the jar. "Don't play with that Harry. You don't know where it's been. I have the perfect place for it." DLP No one noticed the stone in the dead circle being levitated. One young girl did hear the airy voice "Do or do not, there is no try." She ran looking for her mum. Luna hollowed out a pocket, levitated the jar in it and then eased the stone back down on the runed impervious jar. She looked at Tom with glowing, nearly white, blue eyes. If he had had a body Tom would have lost control of his bladder.