it to me?" Harry sighed, sometimes his cousin was just flat out stupid. Harry and Dudley had been waiting for what seemed like forever, eventually Dudley had gotten bored and turned on the telly. Harry would've joined him but his curiosity had won out and instead he sat at the door trying to hear into the kitchen. The best he got was a few murmured words, never a whole sentence. Eventually the talking stopped and Harry quickly moved away from his spot at the door. He didn't want to get caught eavesdropping again, getting caught would mean no dinner for a week, or at least that is what had happened the last time he got caught. A minute or so later Vernon came through the door, and without a word to the two waiting boys he sat down on the sofa and began to read his newspaper. From in the kitchen the sounds of Aunt Petunia washing up the breakfast dishes could be heard. For the rest of the day Harry thought about the letter, when he wasn't doing chores of course. The main thoughts had been on the contents of the letter. Being someone who had never received a letter before Harry really had no idea what to expect. It obviously wasn't some kind of bill or advertisement. Whoever it had written the letter obviously knew Harry somehow, they had even known he was stuck sleeping under the stairs in that nasty cupboard. It was then that Harry's mind had gone to work. Contrary to the popular belief Harry wasn't stupid, he just wasn't allowed to be smarter than Dudley. Of course that meant he had to portray himself as dumber than rocks, but if it kept the Dursleys from bullying him then it was worth it. So the truth was that Harry was rather brilliant, he had a quick mind that seemed able to make connections between concepts that most others couldn't make, or couldn't understand. His teachers thought it was amazing, the Dursleys didn't. Harry made quite a few connections when it came to the letter, although most of them just brought up more questions than they answered. For one, these people had been watching the Dursley family, or maybe just him specifically. There was no other way for them to know about where he slept. The next thing he realized is that whoever it was must have some kind of title, as only nobles would put a family crest on a letter. The script on the letter also appeared to be written with a fountain pen, or some sort of old writing utensil which furthered the belief that some noble would have sent it. What other kind of person would use an old way of writing just to look fancy. Those few things brought forth several new questions. Who would spend time spying on the Dursleys? The general experience of being near the Dursleys was enough to make Harry disgusted. More importantly why would they care enough to do so. And also, what on earth would a noble want with him, he was after all just Harry, nothing special. Who would've thought one letter could bring so many questions, or so much trouble. The letters came without end that week. After receiving upwards of a hundred letters Uncle Vernon took a board and his drill and covered the mail slot on the door. That didn't really accomplish anything though because the letters seemed determined to get in the house no matter what. Aunt Petunia found them inside every egg she cracked, Dudley found them in the bottles of morning milk, and Uncle Vernon even found them in his morning newspaper. That wasn't even the strangest part, no, the strangest thing was that the letters all appeared to be delivered by owls. Harry had noticed that before Uncle Vernon had boarded up the mail slot the owls would swoop in, release the letter, and fly away and land somewhere on the house. It was almost as if they were waiting for something. This went on until Sunday, that was when things got a little, interesting. They were sitting in the living room at the time, well the Dursleys were, Harry was serving them tea. During a lull in the conversation Uncle Vernon decided to speak, much to Harry's displeasure. "I love Sundays you know. Best day of the week in my opinion. Do you know why that is Dudley?" He asked, almost merrily Dudley shook his head, bit thick that one. "Because there's no post on Sunday" Harry said dourly "Right you are boy, no post on Sunday" he said with a laugh As they say, famous last words. It started with a low rumbling sound, almost like the sound of a thousand pages turning. Then a single letter shot out from the fireplace, right past his Uncle's face. There was silence. Then chaos erupted, thousands upon thousands of letters came streaming down the chimney, blasting into the room. Dudley and Aunt Petunia were screaming while Uncle Vernon bellowed like a wounded bull. Harry danced around trying to grab a letter out of the air. He snatched one and bolted for his cupboard, Uncle Vernon crashing after him. He almost made it. Sprinting out into the front hall toward his cupboard Harry could barely believe what was happening around him. All he could think about however, was reading that letter. Amidst the chaos the board over the mail slot had come off and the letters came shooting out of it with just as much fury as in the living room. Unfortunately that didn't deter Uncle Vernon from grabbing Harry and taking the letter from his grasp. A brief struggle between them ensued, which Harry promptly lost. Dudley and Aunt Petunia hovered nervously at the edge of the hall as Uncle Vernon uttered those fateful words. "That's it! We're going! We'll go far far away, far enough that they'll never find us!" And Harry's hopes came crashing down.