he felt an overwhelming urge to hug her. Caught off guard by his own thoughts he had already thrown his arms around the girl before he had realised what he was doing. He felt her stiffen in his embrace, clearly not expecting the sudden contact, but to his amazement, she soon relaxed and tentatively brought her own arms up. At this point, Harry knew his life would change, and it would change for the better. "I'm Harry. Harry Potter," he whispered still holding the girl in his arms. "Pleased to meet you," she answered politely and both giggled at their childish display of a formal greeting. "I'm Hermione Granger." It was a heart-warming sight, the two children holding each other tightly. But for the two of them, it was much more, the beginning of a friendship, closer than everything they had imagined. ••• Hermione was laughing. She couldn't help it, this was just too funny. And the sight of Harry didn't help either. He was pouting and looked like an upset five years old. It was just too adorable. They had finally moved from the floor and were now looking for the hidden entrance to Platform 9¾. Though actually, it was more like Hermione showing Harry where the enchanted pillar was. To Harry's annoyance and Hermione's amusement, it was one of the columns that he had already examined. It wasn't that the girl was laughing at Harry because he didn't find the entrance, no, with the nonexisting explanation from Hagrid there was no way Harry would have never found it on his own – after all, this entrance was designed to keep everyone non-magical away and thus was untraceable with muggle means. The funny thing about this all was Harry's reaction. He was throwing a fit about Hagrid not telling him and wizards being too secretive – and witches as well he had added to her delight. And while he didn't really mean anything of what he said, it was still hilarious. "Come on, Harry, I'm sure he'd just forgotten to tell you," Hermione reassured him. Harry nodded hesitantly but wasn't convinced yet. There was this nagging feeling that it was part of something bigger than just the forgetfulness of the kind half-giant. "But what if he hasn't just forgotten to tell?" Harry continued to press this matter. "I would have never found the entrance on my own and no one could predict that I would be running into somebody who'd help me. You said so yourself, chances to meet a wizard here are pretty low." "You're right," Hermione said. She paused for a second before going on. "Maybe he wanted you to meet someone who would be new to this world as well. So you wouldn't be alone." "Or maybe he just didn't want me in Hogwarts at all," Harry muttered unhappily to himself yet loud enough for Hermione to hear him. "That's not a nice thing to say, Harry. You barely know him and he doesn't know you. Why should he hold a grudge against you." I was wondering about the same thing all the time, back in school, until I just accepted that no one really likes me. "I don't know, he knew my parents. Maybe they…" he broke off realising his mistake. Hagrid had spoken so highly about his parents they must have been close friends. "No, that doesn't fit…" "See," the girl said happily. "No need to get all paranoid. Although… It could be that he'd spoken to a magical family to show you the way to the platform." "That would make sense. Hagrid seemed so disappointed that he couldn't accompany me himself. Asking someone to pick me up might be his way of setting things right." "You want to wait then?" Harry's gaze searched one of the prominent clocks that were scattered all over the station. It showed 7:10, by far enough time to get to the hidden train especially since he now knew about the entrance. Still, the thought of waiting for someone who he didn't even know whether they should come or not didn't appeal to him so he only shook his head. "No, I'm sure it's best to go through the wall as soon as possible. The train must be crowded and the trip will surely be more comfortable if we find a seat," he said. "Also, if anybody should try to meet me here, they'll also find us on the train." Hermione nodded in agreement and they approached the portal together, each with their own share of bags and boxes (and a cage in Harry's case). Standing in front of the massive wall, Harry suddenly felt very small. It was not because of the large column but rather what they represented that made him so nervous. Stepping through would mark the beginning of an entirely new life and he wasn't sure if he was up to the challenge. Sure, there was nothing to lose except for the Dursleys – and that was more likely an improvement – but there was so much that could go wrong anyways. It felt like he was moving in a different country without a chance to prepare himself. He glanced at the girl beside him, looking for comfort or reassurance or whatever he had hoped he would find. Instead, he saw a girl just as frightened as him, maybe even more so. Silent tears rolled down her cheeks and her hands were clutching the handles of her trolley so fiercely, it seemed she had to forcibly stop herself from turning and running away. Harry slowly reached out and brushed with his free hand over hers. To Harry's satisfaction, Hermione didn't withdraw her hand. Instead, she took his hand into hers and squeezed it, tightly but not enough to be uncomfortable. Neither said a word, but they felt the other and that was so much better. Together they started to run, hands still tightly entwined, towards their new life on the other side of the wall.