her back to the burrow while the boys and Ginny searched your apartment. The first place they checked was Fred's room. According to Ginny, it still smells like him you know? In a good way though. It was hard for all of us." "I haven't opened that door in a year. It hurt too much to see the life in there. It was always closed. I don't think I can ever open it and empty it. Someone else will have to for me." Hermione nodded, "Understandable. I can do it if you need me to. It'll be hard for the rest of the family, so I can do it." "Thanks Hermione. So, you haven't told mum yet that I'm alive?" he asked, squeezing her hands. "No, I came straight here to make sure that you weren't knocking on death's door with a major gunshot wound." Hermione mumbled. "Shall we head home?" George nodded and stood, followed by Hermione. He led her back to his room, "All I have are my clothes. I left my wand back at my flat." "I know, we found it in your nightstand drawer." George grabbed his pants and went into the bathroom. Hermione caught a glimpse of the sheet covering the mirror, and she wanted to hug George again. He came out a few minutes later wearing his jeans but still had his hospital shirt on. "My shirt is soaked in blood, they washed it, but it stained. I had them throw it away." Hermione nodded her head. "Come on, let's find a nurse and swim through paperwork." Four hours later, they were back on the streets in muggle London looking for a safe space to disapparate. "Hermione, can we get ice cream first? I would just get some in Diagon Alley, but like I said, I'm not ready to deal with wizards just yet." She nodded and led him to a sweet shop a few blocks over. With a sad look in her eyes, she mumbled, "I used to come here with my mum years ago." "I never asked, were you able to restore their memories?" He asked. "No, it was permanent and not even the ministry could help. So I let them be. I check in with them time to time. They had another child. The Australian wizarding community has been watching him for just in case he's also a magical child. He's three and his name is Jason. Jason Earl Granger. He also has curly hair and looks like my dad. He hasn't shown any signs yet, and I'm torn on if I want him to be magical like me or normal. He'd most definitely find out about me, and I look exactly like our mum, so it wouldn't be hard to figure out. And I don't want him to be torn about his parents never remembering me. But on the other hand, I want to get to know him and help him grow up. Whatever happens, it will hurt." She whispered. "You've been dealing with this all on your own haven't you?" George asked, slipping his hand into hers and offering a small squeeze. "Yeah. Ron isn't good with that feelings stuff and he wouldn't understand. Not that many people would understand." "I'm sorry. I wish I could help. But I'm kinda fucked up myself. Just so you know, you have been the strongest of us all. And I never thanked you for sitting with me when Fred was buried. You'll never know how much that meant to me." George said. "Did Fred ever tell you? He was my first kiss. When Ron yelled at me at the Yule ball, Fred took me away from the stair case and to the astronomy tower. First kiss, under the stars, absolutely perfect. I always had a crush on him." Hermione said dreamily, with a look similar to Luna's. "Actually, he never told me that," George chuckled, "Guess the prat had some secrets that he kept to himself. Never would have expected that. If you had a crush on him, why are you with Ron? Is it because of convenience?" "Yeah. I mean I love him, and I can love him romantically, but it almost seems as if it's just what everyone expects of me. And there isn't much I can do to stop it, your mother is already planning our wedding even though Ron hasn't even proposed. Or probably thought about proposing. He is rather thick." Hermione mused. George laughed for real that time, "Yes, yes he is. You would have been perfect for Fred. Were you going to do anything about your crush when it was all over?" "Yes, yes I was. We actually had a good snog at Bill and Fleur's wedding. Guess he never told you about that either. But then everything went to hell when the ministry fell obviously and I had to take Harry and Ron out of there." Hermione reminisced. "Again, that prat never told me about that! How many times have you guys made out?" "Only a few. Once you guys left Hogwarts, I couldn't see him that much." "Well, you would have made him happy. I'm sorry for what could have been." George smiled painfully. "And I'm sorry too. Now, let's get that ice cream and return to reality." Hermione forced out, tears brimming her eyes. George nodded and they continued to the ice cream shop, and then returned to his flat where Hermione sent a patronus to Molly, letting her know that the George was still alive, and that he would see her tomorrow. Hermoine stayed with George that night. He invited her into his bed. They found comfort in each other, even if only for one night. George never attempted again. Hermione found him a muggle therapist who married a wizard, so she was aware of the wizarding world. Talking helped, and so did a few antidepressants. Hermione went on to marry Ron. Out of convenience. They never spoke of that night again.