not deny his little girl's simplest wish. Minerva immediately allowed for his private quarters to accommodate his daughter, but she promised with a very heavy threat that she wanted to know how and when did he have a daughter and why she knew nothing of it until now. Though there were far too many questions and no answers he really wish to give, only a few select staff member's knew of Phoenix's existence and were sworn to secrecy until he felt ready to introduce her to the place he called home and had family. The true winter months rolled in with piles and piles of snow, Phoenix began to grow at an alarming rate, faster than most yet not too out of the ordinary to cause concern. Her tantrums would cause random acts around the castle such as an indoor winter snow day inside the Potion's classroom, causing all students to evacuate and Minerva to show up later by floo. The Transfiguration classroom became a living fish tank after she wanted to see a real fish from a book he had been reading her for bedtime stories, it took hours to figure out just how the hell all the water actually stayed within the classroom when the door was opened. He had never been one for Christmas, a useless celebration in his eyes, but with Phoenix, he wanted to give her the world and more, even if she didn't understand it yet. That Christmas caused more chaos around the castle than the Golden Trio could ever accomplish in seven years, and Phoenix did it in one week. The Astronomy tower still resembles a giant candycane, not fully being able to remove the pepermint coloration. The front doors had at some point been turned to chocolate and nearly the entire student body couldn't show for classes the next day due to 'stomach' aches, it did not stop there. She had managed accidently to get every water spout to pour flavored water for a short period of time until he came back looking like a rainbow from taking a shower, she did not know that the water would stain. The end of the week, New Years, set the Weasley twins to shame. When of course the rumor of what happened back in nineteen ninty-five spread, every known body was going to Hogsmeade where George had set up shop with his wife Angelina, selling every known firework possible to the students of Hogwarts. He had snuck her out while the castle was empty but could not contain her magic, for every hundred steps, he would leave the ground as she became over excited, then touch down again shortly afterward. Where he thought she might do something horrifically bad, the only thing she managed to do when she couldn't see Minerva was turn the headmistress's chair into cotton candy. He was floored as he watched Minerva wiggle for a moment then take a piece of the chair and eat it, a small smile playing her lips as the entire hall, including professors, looked appauled. Spring came and went with no incident except for turning his bathroom into a giant sized pool so she could swim, he was not angry for the fact that some how she had managed to turn it back. The years slowly went by and he wondered several times when waking up to a fully awake, wild-haired toddler using his stomach and bladder as a trampoline, how he had not gone crazy. But then there were those moments when he was holding his growing girl and watching her take her first steps, beginning to run, calling him daddy, that just seem to wipe her slate clean. By the age of three she was already up to his waist and could knock him on his arse if he was not careful, she had become increasingly better at handling her magic thanks to the training he had personalised for her, Hogwarts has been accident free for two and half years save turning Minvera's chair once again into a sweet when she knew the woman was secretly craving said sweet. Several more years were passing and he was being increasingly nervous, the time for his little girl to start school was fast approaching, only one year away. He has been doing everything he can to prepare her, but in reality, it is he who needs preparing. He looks at her as she stares at him from the breakfast table, she is wearing a robe nearly identical to his, her arms crossed over her chest in the best Snape fasion possible, the signature scowl comes into play. Six years of accidental practice seems to be paying off as he is leaning against the kitchen counter and facing her with his hands resting upon the edge, she is tapping her foot on the floor and raises a brow. "Well father?" She mockingly uses his tone that he has used on her since as long as she can remember. "Well what Phoenix? Do you really expect me to let you out when I am not ready to reveal your exsistence yet?" "What does it matter? I will be a student here next year, I just want to have a little fun in the snow. You know, be. A. Kid." "Why, after all this time question me on my judgment?" He signs and walks over to the table and sits down, folding his fingers together and resting his chin upon them. "I love you very much and I..." "I know father, you can't tell me, not yet. I promise I won't be long, I'll use the disillusioning charm you taught me...so pleeeaaasssseeee." "Urgh..." He unfolds his hand to wipe his face, "Fine, one hour. Now off with you." Their agreements continued on like this and she proved herself worthy of his trust to be out for at least an hour a day without being caught, he had to formulate a plan, to introduce Phoenix before she starts school.