Severus sunk to his knees, cupping her bruised little face in his calloused palms. His daughter . He had found her. "Circe." He breathed, nearly dizzy. "Are you alright?" She squeaked, looking highly concerned. "They told you I abandoned you?" "Sir?" Circe frowned, clearly unsettled with all the sudden affection. "Your parents." Severus questioned. "What were told about your parent?" "They were gypsies." She recited. "They sold me to my Master when I was born." Severus shuddered harshly at such an ugly reminder that indentured servitude was not yet outlawed in the magical communities of Romania. He shuddered even more violently at the realization that he had gotten his own child into such a situation. "Gather her things." Severus demanded of the hag. "But she hadn't got anything." The Hag protested. "And all matters aside, the child has got quite a lot of mopping left to do." Severus felt his face flush with color at the callous confession, his rage only increased by the fact that his daughter had not protested and proclaimed ownership of anything at all. Rising to his feet, and once more retrieving his wand, Severus pointed the object at the hag with barely suppressed intentions of murder. "She will not be mopping anything." He declared. "I am reclaiming my daughter." "Your daug...your daughter?" The Hag looked positively scandalized by the very idea. "You cannot just steal the girl." She spluttered. "You sold her!" "I did no such thing!" Severus roared, eliciting a yelp of fear from both hag and child. Not wanting to instill any fear of him into his daughter, Severus once more placed his hand atop her half-curls, subconsciously entwining his fingers in the oily locks. "Come along, child." Severus prodded, eager to be far away from this hellish manor and the village that homed it. "You cannot take her!" The hag cried, moving to seize the girl. Giving in to sheer rage and impulse, Severus released his hold on the child and advanced on the hag, effectively pushing her up against the wall without laying a finger on her. Pressing his mouth as close as he could to her warped ear without having to press his lips to it, he grabbed up a fistful of her ratty hair and rendered her incapable of escape. "Don't make you kill you." The hag's face drained of all color and she nodded eagerly, fat tears racing down her heavily lined face. But while leaving the manor proved easy enough, convincing Circe to leave the property was no small ordeal. Petrified, the young girl refused to budge any further than the silver gates. "Circe, we need to leave. Now ." "I can't." She persisted, shaking her head wildly. "My Master will kill me." At a loss, Severus kneeled in the dirt, grabbing up both of Circe's hands in his own. "He will never find us." He promised. "And even if he did, I would not let him harm you." Rather than reply, his daughter shook her head once more, fiercely hugging the mailbox with all her might. Fearing for both their safety if they tarried any longer, Severus succumbed to pressure and yanked Circe away from the mailbox as gently as he could. Screaming loudly, and then bursting into tears, the girl yowled loudly and earned herself several howls from the hungry wolves hiding in the woods. Knowing how important it was to be far away from Romania as quickly as possible, Severus threw the scrawny girl over his shoulder and all but ran out of the gates. Wasting no time in warning his child as to what was about to happen, Severus removed his wand and apparated. As might be expected from a person unaccustomed to apparating, and a young child atop of it all, Circe released a torrential flood of vomit down his back upon their landing in his living room. Before Severus could even set the sobbing child down, and summon a potion to sooth her stomach, she vomited once more, the sickening scent nearly eliciting the same response in Severus. Waving his wand, Severus summoned the aforementioned vial, hoping to coax it down his daughter's throats before any more of her supper ended up on his back. "Drink this." Severus requested, depositing her in a chair he seldom used. "I can't." She protested, clutching her stomach. "My tummy hurts." "This will settle your stomach." Severus clarified, uncorking the vial. Looking uncertain, the child sniffed the liquid and turned green. Thankfully, Severus was able to thrust a bucket into her lap before she threw up for a third time. And a fourth time. Breaking into sobs at the great discomfort she was surely feeling, Circe clutched the bucket and nearly filled it before the dry heaving began. "Circe," Severus frowned, pressing the vial to her lips, "Drink." Wore out from the events of that evening, as well as the vomiting, his child bonelessly obeyed and gulped down the foul-smelling liquid in two swigs. Casting a pitiful look his way, Circe stuck out her tongue and tried to scrape away the unpleasant taste with her dirty fingernails. Sympathizing with his only child, Severus summoned a nearly empty carton of orange juice and placed it into her hands. Smiling weakly, she opened the cardboard with fumbling fingers and gulped the liquid down greedily. "Do you feel better?" "Not really." Circe muttered, rubbing the vomit away from her face. Throwing a ratty rag into her lap, Severus pulled the lever on the chair Circe sat in and forced it into a reclining position. "Try closing your eyes." Severus advised, draping a gray blanket over her small frame. Obediently, she obeyed, snapping her dark eyes shut before stretching herself out on the chair. It was not long at all before she fell asleep, the telltale sign of soft snores alerting Severus to the fact. It was only then that he allowed himself to relax, the fear and very real danger of being apprehended in Romania far behind them.