"I plan to finish my apprenticeship then go into private brewing." He rubbed a thumb against Remus' hand. "We plan to finish fixing this place, make something of it-" Harry made a humming sound and gestured for them to look at him while he hastily chewed his food. "That's what I wanted to ask. What did you do to Mrs. Black?" Remus laughed and choked on his food at the same time. Draco leaned back in his chair with a lazy smile. "Ever heard of turpentine? Wonderful muggle invention." Harry's mouth hung open as he processed the words. Draco had used a muggle invention to murder Mrs. Black. A muggle chemical. The irony was almost too much for him. He laughed with Remus. "Draco." Lucius said impatiently, cutting through the laughter. Draco coughed out of his laughter and cleared his throat. "Anyway, as I was saying. I shall finish my apprenticeship, fix this house up and then.. who knows?" he sent Remus a sideways glance. "Perhaps we'll travel, spend some time together… children…" he finished quietly, sending a small smile to Remus. "I hardly think that children are a viable option to you Draco." Lucius snapped. Remus' eyes flashed. "Lucius!" Harry gasped. "Yes, Mister Potter?" he asked with a haughty expression. "How do you suggest that they have said child? Where would the foetus gestate?" "There are other ways!" Harry snapped. "There's a lot of children who were orphaned after the war, they could easily adopt." "Harry what you fail to understand is that Mr. Lupin is, in fact, a dangerous animal and there would be no orphanage that would allow him custody of the child." Gone was the Lucius that Harry had gotten to know over the past two days, this Lucius reminded him of when he had first met the Elder Malfoy. Draco seemed to stiffen and close in on himself. Remus looked at his lover with concerned eyes. Harry gripped the arm of his chair tightly. He inched closer to Lucius and glowered at the other man. He opened his mouth to unleash an explosion of insults at the other male when he was halted by the sound of Remus clearing his throat. As all eyes fell to him, Remus closed his eyes and sighed heavily. "Draco would you like to show Harry the remains of Mrs. Black?" he sent Draco a pointed look. Draco eyed Remus for a few moments before nodding. He leaned forward and brushed his lips against his lovers before rising from his seat. He looked over at Harry and shrugged his shoulder towards the door. "Come on Potter." Harry opened his mouth to protest, he stopped however at the expression on Draco's face. "Okay." He nodded and followed after the Malfoy. Once they were out of the room he rounded on Draco. "Are you seriously okay with them being alone? Aren't you concerned about what they are going to do? Or say ?" Draco looked at Harry with a raised brow. "We're going to listen Potter, believe it or not, I am more concerned for my father than I am for Remus." He reached into his pocket and pulled out a set of extendable ears. "Shall we?" X "What-" Lucius began but was cut off. "Mr. Malfoy, I have been patient. I have been respectful. I have been nothing but kind to you." Something flashed in his eyes. "I have done it all for Draco, because despite everything that you done he still loves you. He wants you to approve of him." "How could I possibly approve of this thing that he has with you?" Lucius countered. "It is an affront to his family name." Remus let out a growl. "I do not care how you feel. You will respect Draco's decision." Golden eyes locked with steel. "And why should I do that?" Lucius asked stiffly. Harry had to give the man credit, it wasn't every day that someone stood up to Remus this close to full moon. X It was some fifteen minutes later when Lucius Malfoy left the dining room and found Draco showing Harry the remains of Mrs. Black. "Potter." He caught the boy's attention. "Yes?" Harry scanned the Malfoy and as pleased when he could see no visible wounds. "Please wait for me at the front door." Harry almost protested but the almost pleading expression of Lucius' caused him to nod and leave the room. When he reached the front door he found Remus standing there. "How did you do?" he asked. Remus smiled. "They're talking. That says something." "He damn well should be talking to Draco. Especially after you chewed him out." Harry chuckled. "I would not let him know that you were listening in on the conversation." Remus quipped and when Harry sent him a questioning look he tapped his nose. "I know you were there." He smiled in a way that reminded Harry of Sirius. Harry tried to find his words. No words would come. Not that it mattered anyway as Lucius, followed by Draco. Stepped into the hallway. "It is time for us to leave, Harry." He offered Remus a small nod before turning to his son. "Good evening Draco. I shall see you this weekend." With one last glance at Remus, he left. Harry scratched his head and stared at the door. "Never a dull moment." He glanced at Remus and Draco. "Thanks for dinner." Remus smiled. "Anytime." Waving at the pair he walked out of the door and nearly crashed into Lucius. "Watch where you are going Potter." Lucius snapped. Harry wanted to snap back, but he instead smiled knowingly. "Are you cranky because you got in trouble with Remus? It's okay, you can tell me, he's pretty scary, isn't he?" "You have no idea what you are talking about Potter." "Oh?" Harry said coyly. "Enlighten me then?" he linked arms with the older man. "Drinks at the manor?" Lucius smiled and the apparated away. A/N: I hope you guys enjoyed it!