was taken to a dark, underground room. It was large. Way bigger than any room at the orphanage, even the dining room. It was dark with throbbing blue and red lights. Deep music pulsed and jumped, making it hard to hear anything. Other kids were there. Most all were older than Draco by several years. All of them were on tables like food laid out at a buffet. Some were crying, some lay like broken dolls. Men were pushing into the holes between their legs and into their mouths. Then Draco was lifted onto a table. The leash was tied to a bar hanging from the ceiling. He didn't have enough slack to get down. Men – all ages and sizes – came over to look him over. They touched and petted his skin, sometimes pinching. Draco begged them to stop at first. He looked for help in each face, but their eyes were shinning like Sean's. He stopped speaking after that. He had no idea how long he was groped when suddenly a hand cupped the back of Draco's neck, pulling his head down so that it was nearly level with the table's edge. The position made the collar cut into his throat painfully, but the bastard didn't care. ... (edit) As Draco watched the man violently heave, he began to smile. No one would touch him without consequence again. xXx Draco hissed in pain. He woke covered in bruises. The ground he lay on was swaying. It was dark. Squinting he could make out other shapes, could hear the soft sounds of kids crying. It was very familiar, and for a split second he thought he was back at the orphanage. Then a door opened above him and spilled light into the room. The room was large and filled with dozens of dirty kids. They stared back at him with big, scared eyes. A man stomped down the wooden stairs and came right up to Draco. Draco screamed and kicked as he was lifted. His whole body hurt. The man didn't even flinch. He simply brought his fist up and bashed it into Draco's skull. Draco went limp, and the man carried him up the stairs, down a hall, and into a very small bedroom. "I'm your master now, boy," the man growled in Draco's ear. He was holding Draco close to his chest, his meaty hand squeezing Draco's face painfully hard. "Bought you off some crazy fool convinced that you were poisonous or something. Least you were cheap. I'm going to need you to do a job for me. If you can't do that, you'll be worthless." The man's face loomed inches from Draco's own. "You know what happens to useless boys on my boat?" "Stop!" Draco choked out, terrified, as his legs were prized apart. "No! Please! I'll be good! I'll be good!" "Oh, you'll be good. Now what do you say to your generous master?" Draco was nearly hyperventilating. "Please!" "Please what?" the man yelled, slapping him in the face. "Please, Master!" Draco screamed out just as he began to feel blood trickle down his leg. The man pulled him up so he was kneeling on the bed and they were eye to eye. "I'm going to punish you for being so slow to understand. I don't need a stupid boy running around. You can take an inch of this baton for five minutes or you can take a beating for an hour. Which is it, boy?" Draco sobbed, but he knew his answer. He knew what his answer would always be if given the choice. "The beating, Master." Master grinned at him and smoothed back his hair. "You're strong, boy. What's your name?" "Draco," he answered, voice dull and choked with tears. "Got a fancy name there, little slut," the man said with a laugh. "Listen to me, Draco. This can either break you or make you stronger." The man moved Draco's body so that he was lying on his belly over his knees. The boy was naked. His pale white skin was already marked and dirty, but the man anticipated the heat and furious red color he'd create. The little slut had his eyes closed and his hands fisted in the man's pants down by his calf. He smoothed his hand over the soft skin, his heart already picking up. "You can take the pain inside. Let it live and breathe, and then it will be over. Or you can fight it and it will chip away at you until you're as good as dead." The man leaned down so that his mouth was tickling Draco's ear. "How can you beat me if you're dead, boy? You've got to kill me, don't you? Like all those other bastards. Survive, Draco. You survive until you figure out how to take me straight to Hell with you." Draco screamed shamelessly as he was spanked brutally, his tender insides blazed in agony. The man brought his hand down again and again. He loved the little fox-like yips and yelps. The boy's blond hair was plastered to his head with sweat, his whole body damp with it, soaked in pain. They were only twenty minutes in and the boy was already limp as a noodle and sobbing weakly. The skin was red hot. They boy would be black and blue when the man was done. Maybe even unconscious. Grinning, he raked his nails down the boy's back, drawing blood and fresh screams, just checking to see if the boy was still with him, then he resumed the beating. He laughed as the slut began to wail brokenly. … (edit) "You're mine now, slut. Mine. I own you." Chapter End. Please Review. I need to know if this is worth pursuing. If you want the unedited version, you can find it on adult-fanfiction dot org. It is also unedited on Archive Of Our Own, but again it is very dark and very graphic. You have to be 18+.