Hogsmeade this year." "You'll have a chance," said Amara. "For sure." Tessie nodded and resumed her rolling. Not wanting to disturb her, Amara left the room. -OOOOO- Amara stood in the lounge facing her family, whilst Jesse and Adrien stood waiting in the hall. It was time to say goodbye, and Amara was not ready. Mrs Matthews had already burst into tears, and Mr Matthews had his arm around her. Tessie looked on the verge of tears and Ethan couldn't keep his eyes still to stop himself from tearing up too. Amara, who wanted to show that she was strong enough to do this, was fiddling with her charm bracelet, Mr Matthews said goodbye first. He gave her a Dad hug and held on for a good few minutes. "You look after yourself out there," he said gruffly. "Be brave – show them what you're made of. And you can always come to France." He leant back and put some of her hair behind her ear. "We'll see each other again." Amara tried not to blubber when Ethan and Tessie said goodbye next, both of them hugging her tight and telling her to stay alive and save the world. Then it was just her mother. She had reduced her tears to sniffles as she flung her arms around her daughter. She had no words, instead she poured her emotions into the hug and Amara couldn't help but let some tears slip. But then the warmth of the hug was gone and Jesse and Adrien were leading them out the door and into the car. Adrien paused in the doorway. "Fred'll be here soon, stay safe and see you later," he said before leaving the doorway and getting in the car. Amara waved from her place by the door until the car drove away. She shut it carefully and locked it. It was then when the tears came, and she sank down onto the wall and crouched on the floor. Her family was gone and she didn't know when she'd see them again, if ever. She was going on a trip but they didn't know where and Voldemort was getting even stronger. Amara stayed in the position on the floor until a warm set of arms wrapped around her and she flinched back. Looking up, she saw the warm brown eyes of Fred Weasley staring back at her, concern etched in his usually smiling face. Without bothering to do the security questions, Amara cried into the front of his shirt, and he hugged her tightly. After five minutes Amara was cried out and she retracted herself from his arms and rubbed her face. Fred stayed on the floor with her. "Let's get you home, huh?" Amara nodded. "I'll just go to the bathroom," she sniffed. "My stuff's in the living room." She went into the downstairs bathroom and saw her reflection in the mirror. Her face was red and blotchy and she scowled at it. She pressed a wet flannel onto her face before getting out her wand and fixing herself up again. She didn't want the rest of the occupants in the Burrow to see her like that. She returned to the living room and found Fred next to her rucksack. He seemed confused. "You're seriously only taking this?" Amara nodded. "I put an extension charm on it," she said. "Ah that explains it," said Fred, nodded as he shouldered the rucksack. "Right, we better get going, Mum'll go crazy if we're late." "We never did the security questions," said Amara as she went and stood next to him. Fred nodded and a light frown appeared. He then grinned and leant down to kiss her rather passionately, with his arms around her waist. Amara blinked when he pulled away. "Well, I guess that answers it," she said, grinning slightly. "We'll have to apparate outside, won't we?" "Jesse lifted the charm so I could get into the house," said Fred. "He'll put it back when he gets back." Amara nodded then held Fred's hand. He turned on the spot and they disappeared – the last vision of Amara's house fading quite suddenly as she was pressed into the familiar suffocating feeling of Apparation. They appeared just beyond the gate of the Burrow and Amara had barely got her surroundings back before Fred started pulling her through it. "George and I took the day off," said Fred as they walked. "And tomorrow. Just when everyone's arriving." "Won't it hurt the business?" "Nah," said Fred. "Anyway, it's not getting any busier at the moment … not with …" he frowned before grinning again. "You're worth it anyway." Amara grinned a dazzling smile in his direction as they got closer to the Burrow. Fred stopped before they got their and put his arms around her. "I have to do this before we get inside – you know what Mum's like, and with the Wedding, well, it's crazy in there at the moment." Amara giggled as Fred leant down and kissed her on the lips. Amara responded back with enthusiasm as she was able to forget that her parents were gone – she was merely visiting the Weasley's in summer … "Dear Merlin get a room," came the sound of George as Fred and Amara continued what they were doing. Amara and Fred broke apart and saw a smirking George looking at them with crossed arms, with Ron and Bill behind him. Bill was grinning but Ron looked faintly disgusted. "Fred she's like my sister – don't do that when I'm around," he said. Amara laughed as Fred grinned. "This was empty before you prats showed up," said Fred. "We were hoping there was more to go around," said George and Ron groaned before punching him on the shoulder. "Shut up George!" Amara was laughing fully now, and with Fred's arm around her waist, they joined the boys and walked towards the house, not before she gave them all a hug. George was very disappointed.