on the older witch and wizard. "Madam Snape is currently being looked after." replied The Headmaster. "If you want any new information, I suppose it would be best if you would wait in the office until we can include anything further." The boys nodded stiffly and made their way toward Madam Pomfrey's office. The Headmaster knew better than to tell them to return to their rooms. With Harry's invisibility cloak and disillusionment charms so readily available there was no way either boy would listen. The Golden trio's entire tenure at Hogwarts was proof of that. When they were safely out of sight , Dumbledore cast a strong silencing charm then turned his attention back to a sullen Poppy Pomfrey. "How bad?" asked Dumbledore with a grave expression. "It's not as bad as we initially believed." replied Poppy much to her own relief. "She's just been exhausted mentally, physically, and of course emotionally." The Headmaster let the relief wash over him as well. Although the noting of how truly exhausted Hermione Granger had been gave him pause. "Yes." he said as his blue eyes scanned the unconscious young witch briefly. "I can imagine we all have been at some point." Poppy looked over the young witch rather fondly. She fought bravely in the wake of the second war's final battle and had more grace and dignity than anyone the old med-witch had ever known. "I'm afraid...there's more to add to Miss Granger's problems as of late." she said looking quite serious. "More?" asked The Headmaster fearing the answer to his question. "Albus...there's no easy way to say this...but..." began Poppy looking at the Headmaster rather intently. "She's pregnant." Dumbledore had gone quite pale as he looked over Hermione and then back at Harry and Ron who were waiting patiently for some news in her office. "How far along?" he asked already knowing the answer. "About a month." replied Poppy thoughtfully. "Severus?" asked Dumbledore as if in disbelief. Poppy nodded firmly. She had known that due to their marriage that The Potions Professor and Hermione had been together. This wasn't the first time she and The Headmaster have had to discuss something like this. She had no doubt that the snarky wizard had sired this child. Hermione took her wedding vows quite seriously despite the initial agreement that it was to be of convenience. The Headmaster looked positively shaken. He knew being a single mother would mean that Hermione had her work cut out for her. A wave of guilt washed over him. "That poor boy." said Poppy sadly remembering the often controversial Severus Snape. "I couldn't imagine what it had been like for the poor girl when she finds out...her husband was killed and now she's expecting a baby that he'll never be around to help her raise." The Headmaster had been silent as he looked over at the sleeping pregnant witch in question. This was not what he had in mind for her when he practically twisted Severus Snape's arm and forced this marriage. He had only sought to protect Miss Granger from the crushing regime Voldemort had in place and Minister Fudge's backward administration in the ministry of magic. "Severus." he said in a voice full of sorrow as his blue eyes hedged toward tears. "I am so very sorry my boy..." Harry and Ron appear restless as they waited in the office. The news Madam Pomfrey had given Dumbledore seemed to have upset even him. "I'll go and break the news." said Poppy evenly. The Headmaster nodded absently. His gaze shifted toward the sleeping witch as Poppy disappeared back behind the office door. "I know that you miss him terribly, Hermione." he said softly. "But you must get through this...you must not let this grief overwhelm you...you have a child to consider...his child...It would be a shame to squander the precious gift that Severus has given you." The young Gryffindor witch shifted some in her sleep. It had seemed that his words struck home. The Headmaster looked back up to see Madam Pomfrey had given Harry and Ron the news. The daunted look on Harry's already pale face showed that even more guilt had set in. As Poppy continued, his green eyes held more sorrow and slow tears streamed down his pale cheeks. "What have I done?" he asked in a broken tone before his knees gave out and he found himself on the floor in utter shock. Ron did his best to try and console his friend. "Harry." he began but had been unable to find the words. The red head had been quite choked up as well. "She's never going to forgive me." said Harry trembling. "She's never even going to speak to me again!" The reality had hit him like a ton of bricks. His best friend was never going to want to have anything to do with him again, he had lost her for good. The anxiety and agony set in slowly bring a chill to the blood in his veins making it like ice. "What have I done?" said Harry looking back the office window. "What have I done?" The tears came more frequent now. The Headmaster saw something wash over the boy that he had not seen in many years, the familiarity of it's keen sting not missed by him in the least. The question burned in the boy's chest as it once had another. The emerald green eyed wizard's face had been grim and contorted with the weight of the guilt threatening to consume him. Yes, it was a feeling he knew all to well and had seen only once on the outside as it were. This had certainly not been the outcome of what he had imagined all those months ago when he called Severus Snape to his office. It had certainly not been one that he would have chosen for either of them, but fate it seemed... had other plans for them all that seemingly distant and fateful afternoon...