A black flame washed her. Her hair straightened quite a bit and got significantly darker. Her eyes also, terrifyingly enough, turned completely black for a moment and then when that receded had a lavender ring around the irises that was hard to see unless you were close. Eyegouge stepped close and peered up at her then grunted "Must be a Black cadet line. That ring loves you. I can't wait to see what the Lady's ring does for you. Lord Potter Black how do you feel about the same deal for the Black assets as you made for the Potter Assets?" Sirius stepped in at that point "First we want to annul the marriages of Narcissa Black and Bellatrix Black, reclaim their dowries, cast them from the house, and stop their stipends. Next we will reinstate Andromeda Black nee Tonks, recognize her daughter Nymphadora Tonks, and give her the dowry she is owed. We will also put Nymphadora's dowry in trust." Eyegouge rubbed his boney long fingered hands together "Now we're talking Black business. How about recalling all the loans?" Hermione broke in "I want to see a list of all loans outstanding from both Potter and Black." The two Goblins looked at Harry who nodded. TFS A working lunch passed, then a break for tea and finally Eyegouge and Bonecrusher looked at Harry grinning Eyegouge got his bid in first "I'll give you a million galleons for your affianced Lord Black." "Million two." Bonecrusher upped the bid. Harry held his hand up "You don't have enough gold. I'm sure Hermione and her team would be glad to consult for, let's say a thousand galleons an hour." Hermione beamed at him and snogged him breathless. Sirius barked a laugh. "Get us the documents and after our meeting at seven we will know when we are going, we'll sign them then and we will let you know where we end up." TFS They got to the In and Out without much trouble and everyone sat in a small lounge relaxing and talking. Roger made arrangements for a private room and when the Brigadier arrived with several people they went to the private dining room. The Brigadier introduced his party, Mr. Croaker, Mr. Smythe, Ms. Gambol and Mrs. Stella Rimington Director of MI5. After Harry introduced their group and everyone was seated Roger looked thoughtful "Mrs. Rimington I didn't know you knew of the magical world?" Stella smiled "The Magical Ministry keeps us informed in a rather hit or miss fashion. We have other sources." She smiled. Sirius nodded "Every disaffected half-blood, muggle born and squib I'd imagine." Stella looked at Sirius "You're surprisingly calm for a mass murderer Lord Black." Sirius laughed "Yes, disarming isn't it. Actually I was never tried and I didn't do it. Peter Pettigrew betrayed Lord and Lady Potter to their deaths and then killed those mug erh mundane, I think by accident, hitting a gas main with a bombarda trying to kill me when I cornered the rat. He cut off or lost a finger and fled down the sewers in his animagus form. He resurfaced later and as of June helped Riddle regain some sort of body." Stella nodded "Why don't we start at the beginning, say Halloween of 1981." A dinner with conversation that really wasn't really conducive to eating proceeded for two hours. At the end Stella turned to Ms. Gambol "Well." Ms. Gambol nodded "They believe every word is true." Hermione narrowed her eyes at the young woman "Empath?" Stella smiled at her "You are as bright as they say. Yes Ms. Gambol is sort of my own lie detector. The problem being if you are lying but you don't know you are she can't tell. I believe that her evaluation backed up by other sources proves you all are telling the truth. Lord Potter, you realize by now Albus Dumbledore intends to use you as a weapon, and soon. He doesn't seem to care if you or your line survives it. I also believe he would be happy if you did not." Harry nodded "I do." Stella nodded "Your plan seems most reasonable in that case. I do rather wish we could avoid Lady Potter returning to Hogwarts." Hermione sat smiling goofily and the others chuckled "I believe we should put all of you, the Grangers and Potters on a plane tonight. I have a Hawker 800 waiting, it will take you to Nashville where a US counterterrorism unit of the FBI magical section will pick you up and take you to your farm." Harry looked surprised and Roger told him "I told the Brigadier your choice of location." Harry nodded "And Hermione going to school?" Mr. Croaker spoke for the first time "Minnie and I go way back. I'll get the Book or a working copy from her." Remus looked at the man "DoM?" Croaker shrugged and nodded "The Department Head actually." Stella nodded "Failing that Lady Potter will return, and we will send a few agents to Hogsmeade, aside from the one we are trying to put in Hogwarts." Everyone agreed and before they knew it the Grangers and the Potters were on a Royal Airforce executive jet with Mr. Smythe headed for the US. Roger looked around "We don't have passports or anything." Mr. Smythe grinned "Your man Dobby brought everything as soon as you said yes lord Potter. Hedwig is in the aft Galley being doted on by a senior airman right now. Your bill at Gorings is closed and your car is in your garage at home. Remus and Sirius are building a cover for the Grangers being on vacation in France for when it's discovered you have done a runner Lord Potter." Harry grimaced "Can we go with Harry please?" Smythe grinned "No. Her majesty directly instructed us that Her Lord Potter Black was to be treated with all respect. I believe she has plans for you my Lord." Harry slumped in his seat "Great."