the Pottery, Remus looked at Tonks "Dora." She cut him off before he got started "Dora my ass, you had your chance Remus I begged you even. This is Harry's now." She rubbed a hand over a heart shaped ass. Remus sighed "I know it's just that I can't believe you are going to stay with him. What would your mother say?" "Seriously? Have you not seen her making moon eyes at Harry? He fucks the snot out of her. Her opinion is that she may not be able to save Tonks but if she generates Blacks then I can save Tonks. Just like Amelia is going to be generating McCallans and Susan will save Bones. Daphne will save Greengrass and Astoria will be Lady Potter. All of these witches have lines to save, you need to go find a witch somewhere who has a brother. Britain has too few witches of the blood of noble houses left for them to do anything but repopulate their house. That's aside from the fact that while you were pushing me away Harry was my comfort. I finally grew a brain and took what was not only in front of me but was worshipping me. I'm not looking back now, I am repaying that all consuming worshipful love with everything I have. Hey I know, you can find one of the death eater whores Daphne is reeducating, get in on the ground floor. They'll be all young and gushy mentally and your 'poor, pitiful, angst ridden werewolf' act will go down a treat with one of them. Giselle Parkinson or Narcissa Malfoy spring to mind. They always were weak minded. Not Pansy though Harry is going to be fucking Parkinson's out of her until she dies." Remus stood in stunned silence as Tonks turned on her heal and left the library. Pomona Sprout nodded "I always liked that one and she is exactly correct. Marriages will be few for at least twenty years. You wizards who managed to survive will need widows or witches with brothers. Harry and Neville will be repopulating lots of lines and the Weasley brothers maybe a few. " Remus's mouth worked a few minutes "What about the first-generation witches?" Pomona laughed "It's all about houses now Remus. They will want their own to be strong, as strong as they can make it through either powerful offspring or money and political power. You wizards better get busy making yourself attractive if you plan on ever getting laid again." Sgt Major Jones nodded from his seat in the loveseat beside her "Yep, they've the bit between their teeth now, it will be all alliances and power comparisons and every social interaction will be charged with purpose. Maybe time for me to move on, the killing is nearly done here and the Politics will take over." Pomona arched a brow "And you think Minerva and I will just let you go? Not to mention Bathsheba and Poppy. Septima is already in Harry's rotation. You have duties here Sergeantt Major! You already have two heirs in the states." "Erh, uh, well, erh." Jones gulped as Remus fled the library as the SMAG was taken under fire in a very neat L shaped ambush. UWUWUWUW Voldemort walked through the wardline after dropping the last of nine death eaters dried up husk of a corpse. Breaking a fidelius was hard, hard on your minions anyway. He watched the two companies of Russian mercenaries sweep past him. "Sergei." "My Lord." The Russian narrowly avoided rolling his eyes. Fucking dilettantes should stay out of what they don't know. "Do not lose them. I want all of them. We will torture them into insanity in the middle of Diagon alley. It will show the populace who to fear!" Sergei barley suppressed the snort, thank god for chemical protective clothes and mask "Yes My Lord." These 'fear' dependent despots never lasted long. They were all the same. He briefly wondered whether or not they were all of the same intelligence level, what could be the common denominator. He had seen black, white, and yellow ones so it wasn't race. Sergei watched as the front door of the mansion was kicked open by the lead stack of four and the world came apart at the seams. UWUWUWUWUW Harry blinked as the room went white "Uh should napalm do that? I thought orangy flames and black smoke." SGM Jones grinned disturbingly "Not when you load it with powdered aluminum and magnesium. Oh oh look they tried to run and the foo gas caught them!" Daphne flinched as the wall of flame leapt up around the manor. She looked closely at the Russians nearest the manor. "It is just like you said SGM. The Russian NBC protective gear is melting." SGM Jones nodded "The Tabun'll still get them. Voldemort went for a bubble head charm but why is he trying to get in the house, why didn't he apperate away or at least try?" Hermione shrugged "No idea. Doesn't matter though, all his combat forces are dead and the Ministry building is nearly empty now. Dobby and his crew will have it stripped and the last of the tabun in there in two more minutes." UWUWUWUW Voldemort pushed on through dead and dying Russians and death eaters. Making it into the house he cast his revealing spell again and saw the lights in the smoke. Furiously casting the killing curse he hit all the lights he could see but got no change. He charged the nearest and screamed in frustration as he found the dummy soaked in blood. He lost control of his magic in his rage and the former home of the Edgecombe family, already stressed near collapse by explosions heat and magic, sublimed to gas. Voldemort collapsed, and in the mirrors the crowd watching saw Harry appear in a Tyvek suit and bubble head charm under a hood and cast the killing curse on the magically exhausted Dark Lord.