shall I?' 'I'll go,' said Sirius. 'You stay here with Minerva, talk more about the plan. ' 'Are you happy to raise the boy, both of you, Remus?' Minerva asked, as Sirius padded up the stairs to check on the infant. 'There's no question of him going anywhere else. We're the only family he has.' 'You're certainly right about that; I went to see those Dursleys and they are utterly dreadful. They're the worst kind of mugs. Harry couldn't possibly live there.' 'And that is why …' Sirius began, as he re-entered the room with a gurgling little boy in his arms. 'he won't be.' 'But how will we keep him hidden?' questioned Professor McGonagall faintly, leaning back in the chair. 'He'll be famous - a legend - I wouldn't be surprised if today is known as Harry Potter Day in future - there will be books written about Harry - every child in our world will know his name!' 'Exactly,' said Sirius, looking very seriously towards her. 'We will disappear. We won't be the only ones, plenty will. He cannot be famous, not before he's strong enough to defend himself. He will grow up away from it all, until he's ready.' Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed and then said, 'Yes, yes you're right, of course. But how will you explain your disappearance to the Order … to the Ministry?' She eyed the infant cautiously as she spoke. 'That's where you come in.' 'You think it - wise - to entrust the task to one person alone?' 'There is nobody more reliable.' said Sirius. 'Flattered as I am, Sirius,' said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, 'do you really think me capable to it?' A low gurgling had broken the quiet of the room. It grew steadily louder as they looked, all three of them, towards the small boy in Sirius' lap; it swelled to a wail as the infant's face reddened. If the boy was slight, his size could not be compared to the noise emerging from him. He was barely the length of Sirius' forearm, barely more than a stone heavy. Remus rose without reluctance and slipped out to the kitchen to bottle a feed before returning and passing the milk to his husband. The boy taking the bottle readily in his own two hands and suckling eagerly as his wails subsided. 'The wee bairn,' said Minerva, with a warm heart. 'He hasn't a clue.' 'Nor will he,' Remus interjected calmly, his hand resting on Sirius' shoulder as he spoke. 'We will make sure that he remains clueless until he is ready.' McGonagall leant forward to eye the boy gleefully. Amongst the bundle of blankets, was a gleeful and red-faced young child. Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped scar, like a bolt of lightning. 'Is that where -?' whispered Professor McGonagall. 'Yes,' said Sirius. 'He'll have that scar for ever.' 'Won't it make him … more noticeable, Sirius?' 'Perhaps, but not in the muggle world, not where we're going. Well, if that's all Minerva, we've got packing to do, and you've got a rumour to spread.' Remus took Harry in his arms and stood to take him back to his crib. 'May I - if I'm not to see the boy again for a decade?' asked Minerva. Rising from her chair, she crossed the take the boy in her arms. Then, suddenly, bit back a meager whimper. 'There, there, Minerva. It's best this way.' Remus offered with a wry smile and a pat of her upper arm. 'Sorry,' sniffled McGonagall, blinking back tears. 'I can't bear to think of it - Lily and James dead - and poor young Harry hidden from the world he saved -' 'It's dreadful, but it's the only way forward.' Sirius added softly as he gingerly took a hold of the boy and drew back. He watched as the boy drifted easily to sleep, tucked comfortably in his godfather's arms. For a full minute, the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Minerva's cheeks dampened, Remus smiled wryly and the familiar mischievous smirk residing on Sirius' face seemed to falter. 'Well,' said Minerva finally, 'that's that. We've no business dragging it out. We may as well get on with what we have to.' 'Yeah.' said Remus in a slightly softened voice. 'We'd best get to packing. G'night Minerva.' Drawing in a deep breath, Remus exited the room silently. 'We'll send news as often as we can, which won't be often at all, I expect, Minerva,' said Sirius, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall bit her lip in reply. Sirius straightened up and walked towards the door frame, pausing to watch the woman cross to the fireplace and take a handful of floo powder. She drew in a deep breath, caught one last glimpse of the young boy who would soon be a legend, and cast the powder down beneath her feet before uttering 'The Three Broomsticks'. 'Good Luck Harry,' she murmured. Stepping out into the empty pub before exhaling heavily. A chill ruffled the curtains of 12 Grimmauld Place, even with the windows closed, and this would be the most noise the house would host for some years. Harry Potter rolled over inside his crib without waking up. One small hand closed on the blanket his mother had made for him and he slept on, not knowing she was gone, not knowing his life was a disaster waiting to happen, not knowing he would be taken from his crib in a few hours time by his godfather as they left their home for the very last time, nor that he would never see the peculiar lady from downstairs again. He couldn't know that at this very moment, he was preparing to be hidden from a world where people all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices 'To Harry Potter - the boy who killed You-Know-Who.'