suspicious at all. Maybe if you looked around, you'd see that your stunt attracted much more attention than I ever did." She was right. The boys Grace was talking to were staring at the group in concern. A family of three kept glancing over to make sure the twins were okay. Onlookers left a wide berth between themselves and the group, but they all looked at the scene curiously. "For Merlin's sake, these muggles don't know anything. Listen here, you shouldn't have been standing there for so long, or shrieking so loudly. There's a hidden entrance for a reason, and if you were there for any longer somebody else would have noticed." "Well you shouldn't grab strangers tight enough to bruise and then expect them to be alright with that." "I wasn't going to hurt you, I was –" "How the hell was I supposed to know you weren't trying to hurt me? For all I know, you could have dragged me off to an alley somewhere where no one would hear me scream. You certainly look the part." Alastor looked insulted, at the fact she thought he'd hurt her or because of the appearance comment, she didn't know. King's Cross Station was getting busier with each passing moment. "Will you keep your voice down? You're drawing more attention than your number before." " I honestly don't care. I've done nothing wrong. You're the one who came up to me, you're the one who yelled at me, you're the one that handled this situation completely wrong. Do not try to blame this on me. I'm the one with bruises on my wrist." Rose's eyes glinted dangerously. Who did this guy think he was, hurting her then not taking the blame? Grace looked nervously between her sister and Alastor. She knew enough by now that when Rose's eyes did that, she had to put a stop to it as quickly as possible. She put a hand on her sister's shoulder, pulling her back. Her hand trembled, not because of her own nerves but because of how angry Rose was beneath it. Not a good sign. "Rose, come on, we should go find our parents, and I left all of our stuff over there so anybody could steal it. Come on... Rose, please." Rose wasn't listening. She was too busy thinking of ways to kill this man in a bloodless fashion. "Girls, there you are!" The arrival of her parents brought Rose out of her stupor, and she finally looked away from Alastor. Grace let out a big sigh of relief. She hated having to deal with Rose when she got like this. Their parents looked between the group of red-heads, Alastor and the other guy, and their daughters. "Seriously?" their mum looked to Rose. "When I left you were panicking and now you're fighting with an Auror? You couldn't have waited until you were with people your own age?" "He started it," Rose mumbled. Which was true. "Arthur, so good to see you again! Of course, I didn't expect to meet up quite like this but I guess it'll do." The red-headed man with the glasses chuckled and shook their dad's hand. "Likewise Stuart. I'm guessing these beautiful young ladies are your daughters?" What the hell. Did Dad know these people? Guilt tightened Rose's stomach. If they were friends of her dad, then she'd feel at least a little badly about what happened. Then again , she thought, looking at Alastor who was still glowering at her, maybe not. Their dad came up behind the twins, passing them their teas and hugged them. "Yes, this is Rose and this is Grace. Like I told you at work, they're starting Hogwarts today." Rose forced a smile at her name and sipped her tea. "Rose here," he patted her shoulder, a little harder than necessary, making her tea slosh out of the cup, "was freaking out a little bit because she couldn't find the platform." The red-heads sniggered in the back. The twins glared at them. "She found it all right," Alastor said. Stuart looked at him a little weirdly. "Well that's good. How's it going Mad-Eye? You alright?" Grace and Rose shared a look before all the tension between them finally disappeared and they laughed so hard, they had to hold onto each other to keep from falling over. Everybody looked at them then, but they were too busy dying of laughter to notice. "Ignore them, it happens all the time. I'm Kara by the way. You work at the ministry too, right?" She stuck out her hand to shake Arthurs. As the adults started talking, the girls slowly calmed down. "Well that was interesting." Rose looked at her twin and shook her head. "So interesting. At least we know I still remember shit from karate." The two stood quietly off to the side, sipping their tea and listening to the adults talk about work. Apparently their dad worked with Arthur. Awkward. "Hey mum, we're gonna go grab our stuff. I kind of left it over there when Rose..." Grace trailed off awkwardly. "And we should probably get going. The train leaves at eleven and," she checked the time, "it's almost quarter to." The two made their way over to their stuff, stopping first to collect the trolley Rose had left by the wall, then to the Grace's trolley. Nobody was looking at the group anymore, perhaps because of the arrival of their parents or maybe because of the laughing fit the two had done. Either way, there were no longer eyes on their backs and that made Rose happy. At the time she was too mad to care about who saw her, but now she let her embarrassment creep onto her cheeks and kept her head down. "So, how many numbers did you get?" Rose asked, leaning against the wall while Grace tried (and failed) to heave her trunk back onto the trolley. "Well, you know how well these accents work."