was Voldemort's specialty?" asked Harry. "The Dark Arts, especially the Unforgivables." answered Dumbledore. "Although powerful, such fields of study naturally come with a great many dangers. And that is leaving aside the moral implications of his chosen spell repertoire." "And you?" "I think you already know that answer — Transfiguration. My knowledge on the subject is second to none." Harry nodded, he knew that; Dumbledore's first job at Hogwarts was as a Transfiguration professor after all. "There is a distinct advantage that Transfiguration masters have over others. A skilled Transfiguration master can transfigure any object or material into anything as long as they know the theory behind their spell. Simply by animating or levitating your creations they can be used to deflect almost any curse, eliminating the need to be able to recognize all the spells. Many people do not consider it useful because Transfiguration requires much more practice in order to gain a strong enough handling of the magic to utilize in a fight. nevertheless, it's ceiling equals or even exceeds the abilities of a person who specializes in curses." "And people have less experience fighting transfigurations, so that adds to the edge," Harry noted. "Was there ever anyone who didn't specialize in a specific discipline?" Harry inquired. Dumbledore paused, a shadow crept over his face. "Of all recent great wizards, there was only one that was not truly a specialized wizard, and that was Grindelwald. Though when I say he was not specialized in a certain area of magic, I mean it in context of wizards at his level. He would be able to beat any Hogwarts professor in their area of expertise with relative ease." "Huh. If Grindelwald was so well-versed in magic, how did you beat him?" His hand shot towards the Hogwarts model moving it a few feet to the left and placing it onto the many papers and trinkets crowding the desk. The miniature Hagrid's escapades with the giant acromantulas were being entirely too distracting. "Arrogance, among other reasons. His versatility played a part in his downfall. I believe that a muggle fighter, Chuck Lee, once said, 'I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times,' the same concept can be applied with magic. I was a master at transfiguration even at that time. I had no equals in the field. He, on the other hand, spent his early adulthood plotting and indulging in political machinations. When we came to wands despite — all his advantages, I was the more skilled wizard. He tried to overwhelm me with the wide expanse of attacks he could use, but I was able to use transfiguration to fend off his attacks without really caring what type of spells they were. He simply didn't have the mastery in any one facet of magic to overcome my mastery of transfiguration. His inability to get past my defenses allowed me to use my array of curses to put him on the defensive and in the end, I won." Harry wondered at the sad tone. He knew that Grindelwald and Dumbledore were once friends, but he doubted that he would have much moral conflict in fighting his friend if he tried to take over the world. "Then that's what you're suggesting? I should focus on transfiguration, like you?" "That question is something you have to answer yourself. While I believe that gaining battle aptitude in Transfiguration along with excelling at Curses and Charms is important, I cannot make this decision for you." Dumbledore answered. "So it's my choice?" Dumbledore's expression was warm, like a grandfather's, his eyes twinkling with reflected candlelight. "It has always been your choice, Harry. I can observe you and make conclusions about your magical aptitudes, but if I force you to do something you do not love, you will not reach your fullest potential. I love Transfiguration, and it's driven me to take this art to new heights. I went on my own and found a master to teach me all of the intricacies of the discipline. You have to find something that you love, something you will do anything to learn more about. I will support you and teach you anything, so long as that it prepares you for what must be done." "But isn't Transfiguration your expertise? Wouldn't it be best that I learned it under you?" asked Harry. Dumbledore laughed. "In my old age, I have been able to expand my knowledge to many different types of magic and believe I am also one of the most knowledge wizards on Arithmancy and Charms in the world." Harry nodded; it was different, having a choice. For so long his life had been structured by Dumbledore he barely knew anything else. He'd learn magical theory, read historical texts, practice spells, duel his mentor. It was the reality he had been living in ever since he was seven, after being told about his parents' killer. He loved Dumbledore, though. He had always been looking out for his best interest, and if he would have to sacrifice the naivety of his childhood for the opportunity at an adulthood he would happily oblige. This new choice, however, was something different. It marked his ascension into an adult, a person capable of making his choices. He would finally have control of his skills as a wizard, and control of his destiny. Dumbledore seemed to notice Harry's deep thoughts, and reached into a bowl next to him, grabbing a sherbert lemon. Holding it out to him Dumbledore gave him smile. "Harry, you do not have to decide what you want to be an expert at right now. We have time. Go get changed for dinner. When you come back down we will talk about our plans for the Quidditch World Cup. We'll come back to this topic when the festivities are done." Harry gave Dumbledore a nod in agreement, and popped the candy into his mouth. Yum!