his toddler fork and scooped up a bit of sausege before bringing it up to his mouth. He was rewarded with a smile and he realized she wasn't going to hurt him for eating. However instead of digging in like he wanted too, he knew better and took slow and deliberate bites so he wouldn't be sick later. Severus made sure Draco was okay before he pulled the witch a few spaces away from them before spelling a charm around them. It was a 2 way silencing spell, one in which the children couldn't hear them, but they could hear the boys. He then fixed her with his trademark glare of his. "I'm getting a picture in my head about their home life and I dont like it one bit," he started out darkly. "Then you'll hate their scans," she told him softly as she accioed them from her office. Severus closed his eyes silently as he took a breathe. "Tell me about Longbottom first," he requested as Potter's behavior was screaming at him and he had a feeling he knew why that was. "Neville has brusing on his arms and over his body. Though when I questioned him, he told me that was to be expected as his family thinks he's a squib so his Uncle likes to throw him from time to time. To makes sure he's magical of course," she said grimly. Severus stilled as he turned too looked at the Longbottom child, only to find him giggling as he talked with the other two. He had heard a few of his Slytherins, Draco in particular teasing him for being a squib. But that was harmless, as everyone knew you wouldn't get an invitation to Hogwarts if you were. But this, throwing a child of five just so he could show magic was abuse, very much so. It explained so much, of why the child had always been afraid of him. "I see," he said with barely reatrained anger. "Anything else?" "He's deathly afraid of fire, as his Uncle locked him up in his room after setting his curtains on fire with Incendio," she rushed out quickly, before her emotions could seep through. "When was this?" He seethed out, so many things were starting to fall into place. How could he be so wrong, how could he not see? "About 4 months ago, he told me his Uncle said it was a birthday present to himself as he didn't burn to death," Poppy said shakily. "I'll kill him," he vowed. "It does explain so much," he murmured to himself. Poppy allowed a small smile to grace her face for a moment. Never would she ever think Severus would be on Neville's side, but child abuse was something else entirely. And she was very glad that the shy boy had this man's support. He may not know it yet, but Severus would be there for him. "Aside from that, he's healthy?" He asked her, needing to be thorough as that was his nature. "Physically speaking yes, I will heal his bruises after I take photos of the evidence. Emotionally speaking I cannot say," she said softly. As her oath as a healer this could not be swept under the rug. "I know," he said softly, and he did know having been there. "Now tell me about Potter," Poppy shook her head sadly as she looked at the dour man in front of her, but she couldn't let her emotions rule her. Not today and definitly not about this subject. "He's neglected, starved and routinely abused. He addresses himself as a freak and it only goes down hill from there," Severus was trying to control the murderous feeling in his chest he was feeling towards Potter's relatives. "I always knew Petunia was a jealous bint but I didn't think she would be abusive to her sister's child," he said with a look of disgust. "I should have seen, the signs are there," he muttered to himself. Poppy ignored that, not about to rip a bandaid off a bleeding wound. She knew why he didn't see, he let his prejiduce and hatred of a dead man cloud his judgment and condemned a child for the father's sins. A father the boy didn't even know. "Also, all things magic is forbidden. He gets in trouble just for saying the word so I have no doubt he gets beaten for preforming accidental magic." "He will not be going back there," Severus told her vehemently. "It's not me you need to convince," she told his quietly. "As a healer its your duty to disclose of this information to WCS," he told her as he stared her down. Was she neglecting her duties and sending children back into their abusive homes? "Don't go there Severus, I'm only saying Albus isn't going to like this," she said quietly. "Its out of his hands anyway, he had a chance and he failed. I will definitely be talking to him about this," he promised her. He prided himself on saving his students from having to suffer through an abusive home, and something like this had slipped through the cracks? And on Lily's child no less? What had he done? "Of that I have no doubt," she said as she turned to see the children were almost done. Severus shook his head as she canceled the charm and made her way back to the boys. He walked slowly as he headed to them, his opinion had shifted and broken. How could he be so blind? How had he not seen? He had no one but to blame for shook the depressing thought away before the grief could eat at him. He would be fixing them, and making sure both boys knew their worth. He had a lot of things to make up for and at the moment could finally start to see the silverlining in this situation. He would make this work, he wouldn't fail them, not again.