Lupin and Peter were done with dinner and went up to the common room. About an hour into their homework, Sirius noticed that Lily still wasn't back and wondered if she was okay. When Sirius decided to look for her, he stood up and went into his dormitory for the map. He made it appear and searched for Lily's name. At last, after looking in the library, the classrooms, the bathrooms, and even the Owlery, Sirius found her in the astronomy tower. He closed the map and left the common room, telling his friends he needed a book from the library. When Sirius managed to get to the Astronomy tower, he paused at the door and saw Lily by the brick edge of the tower, clutching her knees and sobbing her heart out, completely wet from the rain. He pulled out his wand and used a magical umbrella for shade and walked up to her slowly; he could hear her muttering something as she cried. "They're dead… they're dead… they're dead…" "Lily?" Sirius said and she looked up and moved her wet hair out of her eyes. "What's wrong? Who's dead?" Lily cried even harder and Sirius got down on his knees to talk to her, careful to try to shied her with the magical umbrella. "M-M-My p-p-parents." Lily sobbed. "Th-Th-They died in a c-c-car c-c-crash." "A car crash?" Sirius repeated. "I'm… I'm really sorry, Lily." Without so much as a warning, Lily flung herself onto him and hugged him, crying into his black school robes and holding on for support. Sirius's arms were forced into her hold and so the charm that kept them dry vanished. Sirius slowly started to get as wet as Lily, but he found that he didn't care. "W-W-What am I g-g-going t-to d-do?!" She howled. "P-P-Petunia won't w-want anything t-to d-do w-with me! They w-were m-my f-f-family! I-I-I… I'm all alone." "Hey, hey." Sirius said to cut off her blubbering. "Come on, Lily. Don't be stupid. You're not alone. You know we'll be there for you. You're one of us now. We'll even go with you to the funeral." "R-Really?" Lily asked and tried to come down a little. "Thank you… really, thank you, Padfoot." "It's okay." Sirius said and slightly-awkwardly patted her hair, not sure if he was acting correctly, but it felt right and it seemed to help Lily, who still cried but quieter and calmer. Sirius looked out into the rainy night and Lily had her own teary eyes closed, her face still into his robes. Hard to imagine how much she seemed to hate him, hate them all, and now she saw them as friends. She needed them, and they would all be there for her. Especially, Sirius thought with a smile to himself, especially James. ~ Years went by since Lily's parents died. Seventh year was a good one, with dreams of what life after Hogwarts looks like, and yet even more work and exams than before, but it was all worth it for what was to come. It was that year that Sirius discovered Lily's love for James far before she did, and helped her see them. Sirius then had the job of talking James into asking her out one more time. They were graduating soon, they may not see each other again. What was to lose? And so James invited Lily to a Hogmead trip with her in February and she surprised James with a yes. While Sirius, Lupin and Peter hung out at the Three Broomsticks alone to talk about how it might have gone down, either in a duel or a kiss, and Lily and James walked around and got to freely talk for the first time. Years past and Lily and James still saw each other. The Marauders and Lily made sure to not let their adult lives stop them from being friends. Soon James needed a push to propose and Sirius was there to give it. Of course, she said yes. At the wedding, Sirius was made best man, but before he stood behind James he walked Lily up since her father couldn't do it. Despite the rise of Voldemort, despite Muggles and Muggle-lovers dying left and right, they were still able to have fun and enjoy life. Through their work with the Order and everything else, life still flourished and they tried not to let it affect them from doing what they wanted. Like, build a family. When James and Lily told the news of how they were going to have a baby, it was hard to tell who was more excited: they soon-to-be parents or their friends. When little Harry was finally born at the end of July, everyone came to Godric's Hollow. Sirius got to hold him right after the parents did. He looked down at the baby and Lily said just as James opened his mouth, "Looks like he likes his godfather." Sirius looked up and repeated in stupidity, "Godfather?" Lily nodded and James said, "Well, yeah. You're already practically Uncle Sirius, mate." Sirius smiled at the honor of being godfather and Lupin couldn't agree more. Peter nodded with a grin, knowing he was the only one deserving of the title. Sirius looked back down at the baby and observed him. He was small for a newborn and had a little tuff of hair on top of his head that looked just James'. Sirius knew he'd probably look just like James when he grew up. Funny, how right outside their door there was a war going on, how everyone in that room was fighting in it, and yet, despite all that, they were able to enjoy this normal moment. This moment they were fighting for. This life they were fighting for. Sirius gave the baby back to his mother and watched as her caring arms made the little boy feel so loved, and the new godfather suddenly felt like he couldn't be happier, to see Lily with Harry Potter.