him. His dark eyes seemed to lighten when he saw there was life still in the young man. "Who are you?" he asked defensive. "I believe I'm the guy that saved your life." replied Lucius with a grin. "Well, I didn't ask for it." replied Severus defensive. "I didn't need you to." replied Lucius still with that cool smile. Severus had been stunned. "Why did you save me?" he asked bitterly. "Somebody had to." replied Lucius causally. "We Slytherins have to stick together." Lucius walked away without a single thanks and Severus looked around for his books.} Hermione had tears running down her cheeks. She did not understand what was happening. Had she just seen Snape's memory? how was that even possible. Snape's expression had not changed but her body had begun to crave his antics. The sensations he was sending through her warped her senses. were unlike anything she had ever experienced before and she still could neither move nor turn from his gaze. His obsidian gaze never shifted focus and she felt herself become pulled in once more. { Pain: Spinner's End (1977)... He's back ...He's back and he's going to kill me...(No...No...Not again...Please No...Dread...Horror...He's Here!} Panic filled a teenage Severus Snape as he looked around his room. His pale skin looked ghostly and his thin frame had been covered by faded, over grown clothes, most likely hand-me downs from his father's own wardrobe. His lengthy black hair at his shoulders as if hiding his eyes from the world. Tobias Snape kicked open the door to Severus' bedroom. "Get your ass out here you little freak!" he shouted. Severus knew it was futile to hide but he couldn't help it...It was the only comfort he knew. Tears streamed down his cheeks. (Stop it!...stop crying no wonder they call you Snivellus...Stop crying this instant...crying is for the weak and so is hiding.) "I'm here father." said the quiet voice of Severus Snape. He revealed himself from behind the wardrobe. Tobias glared at him with unbridled hatred. "You little Freak!" he yelled. "You haven't learned a damn thing!" It wasn't long before Severus felt the stinging of his father's leather belt. Tobias Snape layed into Severus for what seemed like hours before he finally let up. "Stand up!" demanded Tobias enraged. Severus did as he was told only to have his father's fist knock him back down. "Don't you ever make me look for you again!" warned Tobias as he stormed out of the room. Severus was left alone his body sore from the abuse and his nose bleeding. He looked down at blood fighting back the tears that swelled threatening to come-forth. {No! this was your own damn fault...you shouldn't have been so weak Snivellus...no wonder one loves you...you don't deserve it."} Severus crawled in agony toward his bed. He slowly reached for a book with a green leather back. He opened the pages and started reading, doing nothing about the mess his room had been or his bloodied nose except wiping it with his sleeve as if it were simply running. {No one loves you because you don't deserve it...} Unable to hold back the impending conclusion to this most unsavory union, Severus Snape reached his end releasing deep into the warm unwilling young witch much The Dark Lord's immense satisfaction. Despite his intentions to make it as painless and clinical as possible for her, it was by far the greatest ounce of pleasure as far as experiences go for the dour wizard. Once more gaining control over his senses, Snape pulled away from Hermione Granger taking care to go about fixing her attire in the wake of his assault. If the sympathetic gesture had been appalling to The Dark Lord, he did not say and allowed Snape to get to his feet without incident. The show had been over and the already mentally drained Potions Master left her as quickly as he had descended upon her. For her part, Hermione Granger remained silent as the other death eaters watched her with their ghostly faces twisted in excitement over her misfortune. The most giddy at the prospect of her torment though vastly internal by this point had been Bellatrix LeStrange of course. The brave Gryffindor witch had not moved from that spot on the floor as if she were still being held there via the force of Snape's violent assault. Her mind was reeling from what happened but her thoughts drifted to what she had seen some place far away beyond the hate filled glares of the despot and his followers. It had been so distracting that she had hardly heard what was going on around her. "Lucius-s-s-s." hissed Voldemort. "Dispose of this trash...ensure that Potter knows-s-s." Lucius Malfoy got up from his seat and walked briskly over to Hermione Granger. He reached down and picked her up holding her small form across his arms. she dangled freely dead weight from the loss of consciousness. As Lucius stepped toward the door he was stopped by the Dark Lord. "One more thing Lucius-s-s-s." hissed Voldemort. He waved a hand and the words Mud-blood were carved into the flesh of Hermione's exposed right forearm. Severus Snape stood dutifully at Voldemort's side with not a single indication that the incident that occurred had any affect on him. The violated young witch's amber eyes fell upon the man she once trusted explicitly. His obsidian gaze had been blank as he awaited the orders of his serpent master. "You may go now." Voldemort decreed. "You as well S-S-Severus-s-s-s." "Thank you, my Lord." said Snape bowing dutifully. Lucius and Snape ventured out of the death eater headquarters and into different directions. Hermione had been beaten within an inch of her life, starved, poked, prodded, and ravaged by her Potions Professor. Now she was finally going to get to go home or at least back to Hogwarts, where there were no monstrous death eaters...with the apparent exception of Severus Snape. And most importantly, no Voldemort.