about her. He couldn't continue to spend his days acting as though nothing was wrong when the desire to be with her was so strong that it was almost killing him. Try as he might, nothing seemed to help him move on and leave his feelings for her behind. So he did the only thing he knew that could possibly work and left England. He had no idea how long it would take, if his feelings would ever change at all, but he was prepared to be gone for a least a few years. He knew that not saying anything was even more pathetic and hurtful but he just couldn't bring himself to say goodbye to Hermione. If he wasn't going to see her before he left then he didn't think it was fair to see anyone else either so he didn't inform anyone but the Minister. Truthfully it wasn't as simple as just moving on, he needed to completely forget about Hermione. It was a task that was next to impossible but he knew that was the only way. He didn't just simply love Hermione, it had grown to be so much more than that. It was true that they were just friends but he knew in his heart that she was the one as the Muggles would say. He was sure beyond a shadow of a doubt that if the two of them were ever in a relationship that it would be a lasting one. That's what made it so hard for him. He knew he should have told her how he felt but he just couldn't bring himself to. If, no when she rejected him it would absolutely crush him. For once he had to be selfish and do what he felt was best for him. He spent the first few months travelling around the world and seeing various sights, both magical and Muggle. It was nice and succeeded in making him forget about Hermione, but only temporarily. Once he had seen everything he wanted to see he thought of how nice it would have been if she had been with him and the emotions he hadn't been thinking about returned with a vengeance. Apparently merely being away wasn't enough and he started trying to find something to do that would help him. He finally found what he was looking for in the form of aiding others, especially physical labor. All thoughts of Hermione, and home in general, were pushed from his head as he travelled from place to place helping people. Weeks turned into months and months turned into years. Before he realized it Harry had been away from England for five years. He was sure that everyone had forgotten about him until one day when he randomly received a letter from Ron. It was the first piece of mail he had gotten the entire time he had been gone and he was confused as to why he would even get anything after this long. His first thought was that something terrible had happened but he quickly dismissed that notion, knowing that Ron would have done more than send a letter if that was the case. As it turned out Ron had been trying to reach him for years and this was the first letter that had found him. The more Harry read the more he realized how much he missed everyone and decided that returning home to visit couldn't be a bad thing. He even wanted to visit Hermione. He knew that his feelings for her hadn't diminished at all, though he had been successful in his attempt to not think about them or her, but he decided that since he wouldn't be staying he could risk it. It wasn't difficult to find out where she lived and late in the afternoon he paid her a visit. He stepped off the Knight Bus in front of a well maintained house in the middle of Muggle London. If it had been anyone other than Hermione he might have been suspicious but he knew that she had always one foot in both worlds. He walked up to the door and firmly knocked, waiting for her to answer it. He wasn't quite sure what to expect but it wasn't what he saw. "Can I help you?" the man asked. He was almost the same height as Harry, had messy brown hair, and glasses. The resemblance was almost uncanny and Harry was sure that the man was a Muggle since he had no idea who Harry was. "Er is Hermione home?" The man eyed Harry for an uncomfortable long time. "What do you want with my wife?" Harry felt his heart sink at the question but he didn't let it show. "I'm an old friend of hers. I'm back in town for a few days and I was hoping to see her." "Who is it sweetheart?" Harry heard Hermione ask from somewhere behind the door. Even after five years the sound of her voice made his heart beat faster. She suddenly appeared in the doorway holding who could only be her young son on her hip. Her eyes met his and Harry felt his breath hitch. "Harry." The look of longing in her eyes and guilt on her face finally made him realize he had made the biggest mistake of his life. It hurt him more than being away from her for the past five years. Author's Note: I know that some people will probably take issue with the fact that Harry and Hermione are both acting very differently than they do in canon (let's be honest Hermione would never stay with someone who cheated on her, let alone continue to date anyone like him) but I want to show how much it can affect us whenever we think someone we love with all our heart doesn't feel the same way. It can drive us to do things that we normally wouldn't do and oftentimes we don't think rationally.