it." said Harry. "There was a moment when Snape arrived...he attacked the werewolf but they both went tumbling and then I heard him shouting...it seemed like he was in a lot of pain..." "Bloody hell." said Ron stunned by what he was hearing. "Maybe...maybe...Snape's dead." Hermione felt a sudden surge of anger. She couldn't imagine Professor Snape being overtaken by anything let alone a where wolf the man had been so formidable and intimidating much of the time it was almost impossible to in vision him being human. Let alone being capable of a thing like dying. "He's not dead!" she said irate more from the overwhelming sense of guilt than anything. "Professor Snape could still be alive." Harry wasn't too sure about that but said nothing further to avoid upsetting his friend. While it was true that he had no love loss for Snape, the man had done his best to save them from the werewolf. Going so far as to put his own body on the line to keep the beast from harming them. The green eyed wizard had no idea what possessed the dour man to do such a thing but he knew that neither of them would be alive if he hadn't. "Maybe he did get away." he said more to ease his friend's mind. "It's Snape remember...he's always got some kind of plan...he is a Slytherin after all..." "Well that's true." said Ron trying to be helpful. "The greasy git's like a bloody cockroach...he's survived this long...maybe he just went back to the dungeons once the coast was clear." Hermione glared at both Harry and Ron for a moment. She knew that they were just trying to make her feel better. "I've got to get Sirius to Hogwarts before the dementors come for him." said Harry turning his attention to his godfather. "You and Ron go and get Dumbledore." said Hermione. "I'm going to try and look for Professor Snape." "Are you mental?" asked Ron. "There's a bloody werewolf running loose." "I am not leaving here until we know for sure if Professor Snape is alright." said Hermione. "Take Sirius back to the school and get Dumbledore." "Mione." said Harry. Hermione narrowed her eyes at her green eyed friend. "I-I can't leave him, Harry..." she said. "Any more than you could Sirius." Harry nodded. "But the werewolf." he said. "I know what to do if Professor Lupin comes back." said Hermione. "Now hurry before the dementors come." Harry nodded. There was no telling Hermione "No" once she set her mind to something. The two wizards made their way back to Hogwarts with Sirius in tow. Hermione headed back toward the last place Harry had seen Snape. Slowly, carefully, the bushy haired witch made her way down the hill to the bottom. She could see the blood and tracks from an unintended decent though one was much larger than the other. Steeling herself against the possible grisly outcome, she ventured until she came across a downed ebony clad figure beneath a broken tree. Hermione quickened her steps and saw that the figure was in fact Professor Severus Snape. The pale wizard had been unconscious and badly injured with numerous rips and slashes in both his notoriously pale flesh and his trademark ebony attire in tatters. Fighting back tears at the sight of the once formidable man in such a fragile state, Hermione lifted her wand to get a better view of him. She could see the stress lines in his sallow pale face and the dirt as well as blood that had been smeared on it as a result of his battle with the werewolf. The bushy haired witch kneeled down beside her fallen professor taking care to look out for Lupin and dementors. With a well timed levitation spell, Hermione lifted Snape's broken body from the ground and got him to The Whomping willow. He had not moved with the exception of taking slow shallow breaths. Hermione felt nothing but sadness as she registered the large bite on his right shoulder. If she was correct in her observations than Professor Snape's condition was far worse than she could have ever imagined. The Whomping Willow, Hogwarts... Severus Snape's blood seemed to be boiling in his veins as he lied half conscious on a strange floor. He had lost a great deal of blood and the searing white-hot pain in his right shoulder was almost unbearable. Fear coursed through him as he lingered in this state unsure wither he would live or die but he noted the amber eyes of the young witch Hermione Granger as she did her best to tend to him. Stupid girl. She should have gone back to Hogwarts by now. There was no telling when Lupin would return. "It's going to be okay, Professor." she said as if trying to soothe him. No sooner had the girl said this did the doors to the hideaway burst open. "Severus!" called the voice of Headmaster Albus Dumbledore it was frantic with worry. "Miss Granger!" "In here Professor Dumbledore!" called Hermione not leaving Snape's side. The Headmaster made his way toward her and was treated to the sight of a bloody and battered Severus Snape clad in tattered ebony robes. His raven hair had been soaked in blood was well. The blue eyes of Albus Dumbledore softened as he kneeled beside the younger wizard. "Miss Granger, go back to the castle." he instructed and turned his attention to his Potions Professor. "Severus, I'm so sorry my boy..." Snape could not reply as he again lost consciousness. As everything faded into blackness, all he knew was that he heard the familiar voice of Albus Dumbledore and he knew the stubborn young witch would be alright. He fell away feeling his body become weightless despite the blood still boiling in his veins. The pounding of his own frantic heart had been the last thing he heard and then there was nothing but vast blackness and unyielding warmth.