sobs escape her and she ran past Severus and into the castle. But before she was completely gone she heard Severus softly say, "But I love you, Lily." Lily sighed as she walked up to the Astronomy Tower, wanting to be left alone. Even now a year later she was still being reminded about the fact that Severus had called her a Mudblood. Sure, he had tried several times to apologize and had begged for her forgiveness, but she refused to give it. And now that she had tossed Severus aside, James had weaseled his way into his spot. Yes, she was starting to find him charming, but he couldn't replace Severus in her heart, though she would never admit it. Though James kept saying that they would be a couple by the time they graduated next year, she wasn't so sure. Opening the door to the Astronomy Tower, she started when she saw a familiar dark haired figure standing at the railing. Actually now that she looked closer, the figure was standing on the other side of the railing. Gasping she said, "Severus!" Severus looked behind him and gave her a small smile before softly saying, "Hello, Lily." " What are you doing?!" Lily cried as she rushed over to him. "Get back on this side of the railing right now!" " No, Lily," Severus said shaking his head. "I'm not going to. I'm finally going to find a sense of peace." " By committing suicide?!" " I will be doing everyone a favor. No one cares for me, anyway." " That's not true! People do care for you, Severus! I still care for you!" Severus' black eyes widened a fraction before he shook his head, a humorless chuckle coming from his mouth. Looking back down at the ground he said, "I know you are just saying that to save me, but I don't need it, Lily. After all, you told me to stay out of your life, and I'm going to fulfill your wish." Lily's eyes filled with tears as she grabbed his arm. Shaking him slightly she pleaded, "Please, Sev, don't do this! We can talk this out! We can get you help! Just please, don't jump! Please…" Severus turned around while still holding onto the railing to face his only love, taking one hand off the railing to gently stroke her red hair. A sad, loving smile appeared on Severus' face as he caressed Lily's cheek and he said, "I love you, Lily Evans. I always have and will." Just like two years prior, thin lips gently pressed against Lily's, the kiss making Lily sob before she kissed him back. Pulling away the dark haired wizard smiled once more before saying, "Goodbye, Lily." " Sev," Lily said as he took his wand and held it to his throat. "Sev, don't." Closing his eyes, Severus said, "Sectumsempra." Lily watched in horror as Severus' neck was sliced open and he fell back from the railing and down towards the ground. Leaning over the edge she called out, "Sev! SEV! NO!" A sickening thud was heard and the cries of the students from below were heard. Lily quickly ran from the Astronomy Tower down to the courtyard where the crowd was. Professors McGonagall, Flitwick, and Slughorn were trying to get the crowd of students to leave, but none did. Lily pushed her way to the front and gasped at the sight before her before she ran forward and dropped down next to Severus' body. Severus' body was sprawled out on the concrete as blood spilled from his neck. His pale face was paler than it ever had been and his black eyes were open, seemingly gazing at her. But what broke Lily was the tear that was slowly running down the side of his face. Lily's sobs wracked her body as she lifted Severus' head to her chest, not minding his blood covering her as she held him. A scream filled with pain and anguish filled the air, Lily not recognizing it as her own at first. Shaking as she held onto Severus, she said, "No, please. Please, Sev, I love you. Don't leave me." Everyone watched the scene in front of them in gloom as Gryffindor Lily Evans mourned and wept over the dead body of Slytherin Severus Snape. Some of them couldn't help but feel grief and cried along with the redhead. The professors watched on with melancholy expressions on their faces, tears standing in their eyes as they witnessed a pure love finally being returned moments too late. Lily sobbed as she saw the memory as clear as the day it had happened. She had tried to move on, even going so far as to date and marry James, but she knew she was only fooling herself. She couldn't move on and quite frankly didn't want to. All she wanted was to be with Severus once more. Her parents were dead, her sister acted like she didn't exist, and she had no children. Therefore, she had no qualms about what she was about to do. Looking down at her finger she took off her wedding ring and dropped it on the pier before looking back out at the roaring waves. Taking a deep breath she said, "I'm coming, Sev. I'll see you soon." Jumping into the water Lily let the waves roll her around for a while before her she resurfaced. Taking her wand she held it to her heart before closing her eyes and saying, "Avada Kadavra." There was a flash of green before a young woman's body sank back down into the water, being pulled out further into the ocean and washed away, never to be seen again. The only proof that she had once been there was the ring laying on the pier and her wand that was floating atop the water. And no one would know that at that moment, a young woman was reuniting with the man that she loved always.