moment it's very unlikely she could take down Fang. The toss up between making her own potions, buying from a sketching looking bloke in Knockturn Alley or stopping at St Mungos was actually more conflicting then she'd like, if she went to St Mungos she'd have to demand an oath she did not need this coming to light yet, if she went to Knockturn Alley and was recognized or challenged she'd have no backup and as much as she genuinely enjoyed potions the thought of a non-stop day or two of it for the necessary quantities wasn't going anywhere near her to do list. Something to debate over later than, worst comes to worst give a finders fee to the Goblins and hire someone private who no doubt is used to discretion from patients. If all things go to plan in the trunk shop and either an extra room for a gym and equipment is there than that's self explanatory, if not she'll throw a confusion charm to her relatives and order a home delivery from Argos. Well each to their own. Although admittedly she deliberately held herself back in classes and picked up the practical stuff one way or the other, Violet couldn't tell you half of the things she was suppose to know and technically hadn't finished her Hogwarts education, ah saving the world good on the CV, hell on the attendance level. So a trip to Flourish & Blotts was in order, not to mention it was time to stop worrying about living up to the wrong people's expectations of her cough Snape cough. Violet had been to the future and knew what lay ahead, due to this her mundane education also needed to be taken up several notches, between technology and history alone she had much to learn, Unfortunately another slight complication came in the matter of her being an heiress to a previously pureblood line, before with the issue of the lack of bank statements and letters and then the slight of breaking into the unbreakable the goblins hadn't been very forthcoming with the knowledge of her family estate. The fact that nearly every girl in Gryffindor tower used hair care products invented by her grandfather and she'd been none the wiser until a throw away comment from Lavender said spoke a lot about her lack of traditions and integration between worlds. If it weren't for the elves who helped her find the time travel spell asking permission to look through her vaults she wouldn't have even known there were objects in there instead of just gold. She'd been able to read some of her grandfather and fathers journals but time always seemed to be dedicated elsewhere, now she knew about the little potions that shouldn't be a problem. The traditions of wizards and their culture wasn't just for the dark and pureblood, funny how that never came up in the order meetings or gossiping in the common room, the joys of the Ministry unconsciously screwing over muggleborns by banning those in the know to teach them and opening celebrate holidays instead giving into Christian teachings, their lack of knowledge and respect was one of the original arguements Voldermort used to gain allies, after all those who don't bother to learn the history and culture behind their gift the mudbloods don't deserve them. Bill, Tonks and oddly Percy gave her the cliff notes of The Old Ways and hadn't she felt terrible receiving such a gift- her lifeline from the abuse of the Dursleys' and unnatural lucky streak besting foes in the most unmatched battles without giving thanks to where it was needed and deserved. Research was needed to properly give thanks especially after her success of time travel, no doubt someone In fact she'd committed so many faux-pas it's no wonder she had few friends when the going got tough, note the tri-wizard tournament debacle. Unaware of her rights, position and powers had left her handing off the spoon of information Dumbledore was serving her, running through hoops on a merry chase for every last drop, always a minute too late to save someone; ...Cedric, Sirius, Fred, Remus, Tonks, Snape... Something Violet wished she could put off was the bank trip, although necessary to clean up the wreck Dumbledore had knowingly landed her in. She dread to think what would be revealed when she finally had all the information laid out to see. Oh! Speaking of Dumbledore creating problems she screamed into her pillow, a lawyer would be needed from somewhere to deal with; her name being used against her will (and prepare for the slander eventually coming her way), Sirius not having a trial, abuse from guardians, fan mail and business deals are where exactly? Checking no marriage contract was actually drawn up - be it a trick or a real threat last time she didn't care she wasn't allowing any one else to rule her decisions and the small matter of taking care of Godrics Hallow Cottage, if you want a monument to honor the dead don't make it my childhood home. Noticing the bright rays now filtering through the slits of the air vent on the door and the sound of a flushing chain it would appear to be approaching 8:30am. Safely nestled down, protected by from those of the Dursley persuasion Violet allowed herself a nap before the inevitable trip to London later on, not to mention wanting to avoid her 'family' for as long as possible. Snuggling down and throwing the lists on the floor, Violets mind began to calm and for the first time in years fell straight to sleep without a care. (Of woes and tears shed, blood and love lost, may i find my hearts desire once again through sacrific and loss - Google translate so who knows what it actually says. Thank you! Please review so I know how badly I'm doing, already working on the next chapter . Serenade Sailing - 27 February 2017