He said, "at least, I'd like us to be…I mean…I know we don't really know each other…but hey, you have to start somewhere when you want a new friend, right?" She smiled, "I guess your right…" She said, looking at him again, he wasn't looking at her, but across the lake, his green eyes scanning the horizon as the sun slowly dipped down, "but…never mind." She mumbled, looking down. "What?" he asked, looking at her. "It's nothing," she said, "Just…incomplete thoughts trying to form words." Harry looked at her curiously, but didn't push it, he looked back across the lake. Daphne snuck a look at him, and then slowly leaned her head against his shoulder, he looked down at her, but said nothing, instead he let his head rest atop hers, "still don't want to say anything on those incomplete thoughts?" he asked. She shrugged, "maybe I will…maybe I won't…maybe I'm waiting…" "Waiting for what?" he asked. "A sign?" she said, "something to tell me 'this won't backfire,' or 'this won't seem so sudden." "Hmm…" "Do you really see me as a friend?" she asked, "I mean…we only talked twice…one of those times was literally five minutes ago." "I know…but I became friends with Ron from simply sharing a couple of sweets with him." He smiled at the memory, "I haven't shared any sweets with you, but I think sharing homework and a cold is a close second." "We do not have colds." She said, and then sneezed, making Harry laugh. "I think you do at the very least." He said, looking up at her blouse, "I think your stuff is dry enough, and I'm not too scared of walking into Hogwarts covered in water." She looked at him, then nodded, standing up, "turn back around." She ordered, and Harry complied, going slightly red, Daphne quickly got out of his sweater and put on her blouse, buttoning it up, "alright." she said, crossing her arms. Harry turned around, "well then…guess I'll see you-" "Tomorrow," she said quickly, "in the morning, after breakfast? Right here?" Harry blinked, "Um…sure, yeah I can do that." He said with a grin. Daphne smiled back and started walking away, "Daphne!" Harry said, making her turn around, her eyes widened slightly as she saw a small dragon fly over, it was a Norwegian Ridgeback, barely the size of her palm, which it landed on and gave a small roar, butting it's head against her thumb, she laughed and looked at Harry, who was grinning from ear to ear. "Is that a good enough sign?" he asked curiously, "or should I try to turn the tree into a dragon?" She shook her head, 'I think this is a good sign." She said with a smile, before turning around and starting to walk again, "See you tomorrow Harry." "See you…Daphne…" Daphne walked into the Slytherin common room, smoothing her blouse out as she did. "And where've you been?" Pansy asked as she saw the heiress walk in. "Lake," she said, "dozed off a little, I'm just gonna go ahead and go to bed." She said, walking towards the girls' dormitories. "What's that in you hand?" Millicent asked, standing up. "What?" she asked, looking down at her hand, that held the now sleeping Norwegian Ridgeback, it's tail wrapped around her thumb, 'Oh, I conjured this little one up while I was down there." She said, "Just didn't…change him back." "Well you better hope it doesn't start breathing fire on our stuff!" Pansy huffed. "He won't, don't worry." Daphne said, walking out again, she went over to her bed and quickly stripped out of her wet clothes and put on her sleepwear, then realized something, the sweater that she had carried in with her wasn't hers, it was Harrys, she picked it up off the floor quickly, looking at it, she looked at the door, and then pulled her night gown off and put the sweater on, it fit her like a short dress, she then put her nightgown into her trunk and got into the bed, making sure her curtains were drawn, she knew that if anyone saw her in a Gryffindor sweater, they wouldn't be too happy, but she didn't care, it was thicker and warmer then hers, and the dungeons were cold that time of the year, she laid down and curled up, looking at the Norwegian Ridgeback as it flew feebly up to the bedpost and curled up on top of it, ready to drop off into sleep. "g'night." Daphne whispered to the dragon. It, in return, gave a small growl, before closing its eyes, Daphne smiled and closed her eyes, drifting off to sleep. / Harry walked into the common room, a smile on his face. "There you are." Hermione said with a smile from her spot beside the fireplace, "we were wondering what was keeping you." "Just relaxing by the lake." Harry said, "lost track of time." "Well your just in time to beat Ron at Chess." Hermione said, motioning over to the redheaded strategist who was currently beating Dean, with a gloomy looking Seamus watching, "he's' beaten almost everyone in this room." "What about Percy?" Harry asked. "Won't play." Hermione said, "So what do you say? Think you can do it?" "Yeah…maybe…' Hermione looked at him, "what's wrong?" she asked curiously, "you look…distracted." "What? No, everything's fine, just…tired…I think I'll just go up to bed…beat Ron another day." Harry walked past the game and up the stairs leading to the boys dormitory, when he reached his room he fell on to the bed, not even bothering to change out of his clothes, he rolled over and looked at the ceiling, his thoughts on a certain Slytherin girl, in truth, he wanted to get to sleep as soon as he could so he could wake up and see her the next day, and as he laid there, on the edge of sleep, a single thought came to his mind. "…She still has my sweater…"