"Tell me!" Harry yelled back, advanced on him. The kitchen door burst open, and Aunt Petunia ran in. "Harry Potter, calm yourself!" she gasped. "You'll wake up the whole neighborhood." "But- but he won't tell me about it!" "About what?" Petunia turned to her husband, glaring at him in disgust. "Blew up, she did," he growled. "Not my fault. She had it coming." His uncle's eyelids drooped as he took another gulp of the scotch. Petunia's face paled; she grabbed Harry's elbow, and dragged him through the door into the front hall. She slammed the kitchen door shut. One of the stained glass panels cracked. "Your uncle doesn't know what he's talking about," she said in a hushed voice. "He was talking about my mother!" "She didn't exactly blow up." "Then what happened?" "I've told you before, she and your father died in a car crash." "Then-" "The gas tank exploded. That's what your uncle was talking about. Here, take this," she shoved a ratty rucksack into my arms, "pack your things." "But-" "Don't ask questions!" she snapped, and stomped away, upstairs. Harry sighed, and opened his cupboard door. The packing went quickly, and, after retrieving the last few socks from under his bed, he latched the flap of the bag shut, and left his cupboard. Dropping it at the foot of the stairs, he climbed them dejectedly, and went into his aunt's room. She stood by the window, staring down at something in her hands. Harry stepped forward, glancing at the suitcase on the bed. It was full of neatly folded clothes. He glanced back at his aunt. She hadn't notice him. Harry turned to the dresser, and checked the drawers. They were empty. He went to the closet, and started to remove his aunt dresses. He laid the first load out on the bed, so his aunt could select the ones she wanted to keep. "Aunt Petunia?" "What?" she turned around, hiding whatever it was behind her back. "Where's your hanging bag?" "My- oh, on the closet shelf." Harry nodded, and fetched the bag. He put in the dresses and skirt suits he knew his aunt liked best, while Petunia finished with the suitcase. After a while, Dudley wandered in to report he had packed his favorite toys and all his clothes. Aunt Petunia then stunned both Harry and Dudley by telling her son that he had to leave his toys behind. Dudley whined and cried, but Aunt Petunia was firm. Eventually, Dudley, grumbling under his breath, agreed and went to put the toys back. After that, Aunt Petunia called a taxi company, and arranged for transport to London. Finally, Aunt Petunia was ready to leave. Both Dudley and Harry pitched in to carry her bags downstairs, Dudley taking her purse and Harry taking the suitcase and hanging bag. The clock read 9:58. Aunt Petunia wrote Uncle Vernon a note, and she taped it to the kitchen door. Uncle Vernon was slumped over on the table. Dudley waved half-heartedly at him as he left the house. Harry grabbed his rucksack, and carted it along with his aunt's bags out to the driveway. The taxi pulled up, and Harry loaded the bags into the trunk, and tossed his aunt's purse in the front seat. Then, the front door burst open. Uncle Vernon strode across the front lawn. Aunt Petunia shielded Dudley behind her. Harry had a brief vision of a red haired woman doing the same thing in front of him. "Where are you going?" Uncle Vernon growled. Aunt Petunia clenched her jaw. "I told you, I'm leaving. I've had enough of your drinking and faithlessness. I'm taking these two with me." "And I told you," Vernon stuck his ruddy purple face in hers, "I won't let you go." "If you touch me, or my son," Aunt Petunia squeaked, "You'll be arrested!" Vernon grabbed her arm. The taxi driver honked his horn. Harry rushed forward and Dudley gasped. "You're not going anywhere," Vernon sneered. "Dudley, get in the house." Dudley whimpered, shrinking against the taxi. "I told you to get in the house!" Vernon snapped. "Get in the taxi," Petunia said. "Ignore her!" "Dudley, get in the car." Dudley opened the car door, and climbed in. Vernon glared at his wife. "You dare defy me?" "I'm keeping my son safe." Harry felt a twinge of sadness. What about his safety? "It's your safety you should be worried about," Vernon hissed, and he slugged her in the gut. Aunt Petunia fell to her knees, crying out in pain. Harry yelled "Stop!" Lights turned on along the street. Vernon kicked Aunt Petunia, she collapsed with a grunt, and he turned on Harry. Harry backed away, into the road. "This is your fault," Vernon growled. "If you weren't such a nuisance-" "Don't blame me, I didn't make you drink!" Harry said quickly. "Argh, but you were the reason. We should have left you on the street, you filthy thing." Harry felt anger boil up inside him. "Sometimes I wish you did!" Harry snapped. "You drove her away from me!" "You did it on your own!" Vernon lunged at him, hands outstretched; his bloodshot eyes alight with fury. Harry reacted instinctively: He held his hands out in front of him, and shut his eyes. There was a flash of golden light, and Harry peeked through his lashes. His uncle sat on his rump on the pavement. There was a shimmery substance between Harry and his uncle. Confused, Harry lowered his arms, and stared at his dazed uncle. "Harry, get in the car!" his aunt snapped. Harry shook his head, and the shimmering wall vanished. "Now!" Harry did as he was told, and climbed into the taxi. His aunt took the front seat. "What the hell just happened there?" the taxi driver asked. "Just take us to King's Cross Station, in London," Petunia snapped. "Quickly!" The driver floored the accelerator, and in no time at all, they were rolling down the highway to London.