bolt of light flew from his wand into Luna, and her world faded to black to the sound of Ginny's screaming. Luna woke up in a cold, dark room. Her head and arms were sore, it felt like she had been laying there a while, as her joints were stiff. Sitting up in the murky darkness, she quickly came to realize that she was, indeed, not on the train to Hogwarts anymore—she was in someone's dungeon. Her heart began to beat faster, and she felt panic overwhelm her. "Hello?" She called out, hearing movement in the distance. Whatever it was began to shuffle towards her, but she still didn't know who (or what) it was… panic set in, and she let out a scream as the creature loomed above her. "Miss Lovegood?" Garrick Ollivander whispered. His beady old eyes were watering, and incredulity shone through his gaze. "What on earth are you doing here?" he asked, shoulders slumping in defeat. "I see you have no wand, so this is no rescue mission…" He said, resigned to the fact that he was still stuck in this disgusting dark dungeon. "Where am I?" Luna whispered, heartbeat slowing. She took a few deep breaths, reminding herself that at least there was someone she knew there—she may not be safe, but she wasn't alone. "Malfoy Manor… or at least, the dungeon of it," Ollivander whispered back to her. "I suspect you're here because of your father, if you want the truth… The Death Eaters didn't like what he was saying about Harry Potter, oh no they didn't…. not one bit," Ollivander hissed, a frown morphing his face into a scary mask. Luna shuddered at the sight, to which Ollivander paid no mind. "Heard them talking about doing something about it, so I assume that has to be why you're here." He pursed his lips, looking down at Luna. "They're punishing him by taking you," He explained, no care for the girl's feelings. A sob escaped Luna's lips as she devolved into tears. Luna wasn't ever a person who cried, but at this moment, she wept. She wept for her father, who by now had to know she was gone—for Ginny and Neville, who had to watch her be taken, and for herself—she was the one trapped in the Malfoy's home, and none of them. She was the one who was going to be there for whatever was to happen to her. None of them were going to show up to save her, she already knew. Nearly the moment she started crying, the door to the dungeon banged open, startling both Ollivander and Luna, who let out a shriek. "The master would like to speak with you," Peter Pettigrew squeaked at Luna. "It's not going to be fun," He laughed, waving his silver hand at them. "Well, get up!" he screeched, waving his wand, which jerked Luna upright. She marched towards the door, up the stairs, and straight into the eyes of the Dark Lord. Luna froze, terrified, as she realized who was in front of her. She stared into the snake-like eyes of Lord Voldemort, completely immobilized. "Miss Lovegood," He hissed, circling her with his wand outstretched. "It's so wonderful of you to join us," He smiled, laughing. The Death Eaters surrounding them guffawed, alerting Luna to their presence. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Draco Malfoy, his face contorted into a painful grimace. Other than Luna, he seemed like the only one who didn't want to be there. Voldemort spoke again, tearing Luna's attention away from her classmate. "Your father has been rather unwise, publishing the stories in his….. paper," Voldemort hovered over the word, a laugh evident underneath his voice. "The Quibbler. Such a fine and reputable source of information," he hissed, raising his wand as his followers again laughed. "What he has said cannot go unpunished, which is why you are here," Voldemort whispered, all trace of humor gone from his features. "Crucio!" he cried, stabbing his wand down at Luna, who quickly devolved into a screaming, writhing mess on the floor. The pain ended as quickly as it came, and Wormtail rushed over to help her stand. "Thank you, Wormtail," Voldemort growled, brandishing his wand at Luna again. She cringed away, at which he laughed. "I am not going to hurt you anymore," he told her. "That is not what we have you here for." He put his wand away, and walked to sit down at the table. Luna trembled, tears streaming silently down her face. She had never known pain so great, and she would never like to again. She was just happy that she wasn't dead….. yet. "Please, come sit with me," Lord Voldemort asked, his voice conversational. "Everyone, come sit at the table," he called out to the Death Eaters. As Luna sat down, she met the eyes of Bellatrix Lestrange sitting across the table from her, and ice again shot through her veins as she thought of Neville's parents. Was she to meet the same fate? "Miss Luna, it has come to our attention that our dear friends Harry, Hermione, and Ron care a great deal about you," Voldemort began, eliciting quiet laughs from the Death Eaters surrounding the table. "Which, along with your father's transgressions…. Is why you are here," he finished, sweeping his arm to gesture to the surrounding space. Luna furrowed her brow, not exactly following what was happening. One moment, she was being tortured, the next, she was sitting at a table with the most dangerous and deadliest Death Eaters known to the Wizarding World. What is going on? She asked herself, a new wave of terror sweeping through her body. "Luna Lovegood," Lord Voldemort continued, turning his gaze to the trembling witch. "You're going to become a Death Eater," he whispered, as the table erupted in laughter. A/N: I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. Please review, let me know what you think- I'm appreciative of all feedback.