prepared earlier came floating into the room and settled in the middle of the dining table, and Ron quirked a smile. Slowly, everyone began to dig into the meal, and individual conversations started up again. For once not rushing to the food, Ron sat silently and looked around the table. An image flashed across his mind – a young, black-haired woman, lying bloodied and unseeing on the ground. He swallowed, forcing the image away, and shook his head to clear it. And with a sudden, swift certainty, he realized one of them was going to die before the school year was over. Please, he thought, if it has to be one of us, let it be me. Don't take any of them. Harry, as if sensing his sudden melancholy, gave him a sharp look, and Ron grinned at his friend and reached for the mash like nothing was wrong. Two more days until their return to school. Granger Household London, England September 1 st , 1996 Hermione sat silently on her windowseat, knees tucked to her chest as she stared out at the ever-present rain. Her trunk was packed and waiting at the bottom of the stairs. Crookshanks, whom she had captured twenty minutes earlier, was yowling pitifully in his carrier. Her parents sat in the kitchen, waiting nervously for the arrival of Snape, Lupin, and Tonks. They'd done fairly well that morning, she reflected. They had only begged her to transfer to an American or Australian school twice. She'd rather expected worse. But Hermione had put her foot down, and informed her parents that she wasn't going to let any jumped-up Hitler copycat force her out of her own country, her own life, and they had gone quiet and let it go. If they noticed her shelves and closets were a bit more barren than they would usually be before her yearly departure, if they noticed the note left on their bed, they made no comment. A soft rustling sound near her door drew her eyes, and she looked over to see Daniel Granger standing in the doorway. "All set to go, Pumpkin?" he asked softly, and she smiled. Shuffling his feet nervously, the man hovered in the doorway a moment before walking in to sit on the edge of her bed. He looked at his daughter as if he were trying to memorize her face, his eyes suspiciously bright. "Hermione," he said haltingly, "I know your – your professor explained to us that this... that what's wrong with you is rather bad." Hermione said nothing. "But I want you to know your mother and I, we won't give up on you. We won't leave you. And you're a fighter, you always have been. We know you'll beat this thing." Tears in his eyes, Daniel Granger looked into the eyes of his only child. "I just need to hear you say that you know you will." Hermione flinched. "Daddy," she whispered, "I – " "I saw the note," he interrupted. "And I understand why you want to protect us. I'm telling you now, you do not have our permission to meddle with our memories and send us away. You are not the parent here, and you have no right to take away our memories of you." She flinched again, and still she was silent. "If we have to live in that ridiculous headquarters of yours, so be it!" he added forcefully. "But I refuse to forget you." Hermione wrapped her arms around herself and stared out the window. "It's safer that way." Daniel Granger shook his head, crossing the room to kneel next to his daughter. With a sad smile, he took her chilled hands in his. "It's pointless that way," he replied, and Hermione choked back a sob. Releasing her hands, he stood and pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Someday," he said softly as he stood, "I imagine you'll understand." Turning, he left the room, nodding to the entering Professor Snape as he left. The dour professor froze in the doorway, taking in his student's tear-streaked face. She turned and looked at him challengingly, and he bit back a curse. "It's not too late to change your mind," he said instead. Hermione shook her head. "Very well," said the professor, and turning on his heel, he stalked into the kitchen. Dan and Emma Granger looked up at him from their kitchen table, sad smiles on their faces. "She's doing worse today," Emma told him softly, and Snape grimaced. "There have been many studies proving a connection between physical and mental well-being," he replied, his hand clenched around his wand in his pocket. "Unfortunately, as she tires, her depression will likely worsen. There are potions to combat it, and there is the old-fashioned remedy of company, but only so much can be done." Emma Granger closed her eyes, tears prickling at the corners. "Promise me," she whispered, as her husband grasped her hand. "Promise you'll look after her." Severus Snape looked at the muggle woman and said softly, "I promise." He drew his wand, trained on the woman and her husband. Hermione crept carefully down the hallway, careful to avoid the creaky steps. She paused outside the kitchen door and listened with bated breath. "-promise," Professor Snape said quietly. A pause, and then – " Obliviate, " he intoned, and Hermione sagged against the wall, tears of loss, tears of relief, streaming down her face. Moments later, the professor came through the kitchen doors, looking unsurprised to see her there. "Get everything," he said tersely, sliding a vial holding a clump of light brown hair into his pocket. "Lupin and Tonks will be here any minute now." She nodded and moved silently to the front hallway, where her trunk and Crookshanks waited, and within the space of ten minutes, all magic had vanished from the house. Hermione Granger walked out the door of her childhood home, never to return. A/N: Review if you have something to say. ~*~SeraphinArgento