they did find some way to fire her, she found that she didn't much care. She had Harry. That was more than she'd ever dreamed could happen. Half hour later, Minerva took her seat at the teacher's table. The going away feast had been set up on the Quidditch Pitch, which had existing weather protection charms in place that she only needed to activate should it start to rain. She spotted Harry talking to Hermione and Ronald, who were seated next to the rest of the Weasley clan. The way he was fidgeting in his seat told Minerva that whatever he was going to do was going to happen soon, and she fiddled with her Claddagh ring at the thought. She was ready for this. She was ready to be his in the open. Pomona and Poppy took notice to her action, and she blushed. "When are you going to introduce us to your mystery suitor?" Poppy inquired. The whole fact that she had a beau had become a source of endless chatter among the staff, especially those who had known her the longest. "By the end of the day," she said. "We've kept our relationship quiet for a good reason, but we agreed that after today, there would be no more hiding. I expect he'll do something terribly Gryffindor by way of announcement. Trust me, when he makes his move, you won't miss it." Pomona grinned. "What does he look like?" At that moment, Harry stood from his table and started to weave toward where she was seated. "Dark hair," she whispered, still watching him. "Green eyes. Glasses. He's very handsome." Harry was almost to her by now, and the others had not yet noticed. "His smile makes me melt," she continued. "And his kisses taste like heaven." And there he was. "Professors," he greeted the table. "Might I borrow the Headmistress for a minute?" She chuckled. "Really, Harry?" "Really," he said, grinning at his lover. She stood and moved to the other side of the table where he was standing, and when he took her hand and kneeled on one knee, the staff exploded in gasps, and the rest of the people looked their way in confusion. "Oh Merlin…" she whispered, realizing what he was about to to. "I knew you were special the day we met, and it didn't take long before I could honestly claim to care for you," he began. "A year ago, we met under some unusual circumstances, and it allowed me to see you in a different manner - to see you as a woman. At that point, well, how could I not fall in love with you? At Christmas, I gave you a ring as a promise that I was committed to being the man in your life, for as long as you'd have me, and today, I ask if you'll consent to me making that promise again, this time in a more binding manner which will allow us to share our love away from the shadows, and begin to build a life together. Minerva McGonagall… will you marry me?" There was no noise at all as Harry pulled the ring off her right hand, and positioned it at the tip of her left ring finger, waiting for her answer. She was blushing and grinning like a fool as she nodded her head and forced out on word. " Yes ," she said. He let out the breath he'd obviously been holding, slipped the ring in place to signify an engagement, and stood. Harry wasted no time at all lunging forward and pressing a kiss to her lips, which she responded to with such enthusiasm that she was hardly aware of the cheers and chatter that had erupted around them. As the kiss slowly ended, the couple turned toward the teacher's table. Poppy was fanning herself and taking deep breaths. "Minerva!" she exclaimed. Minerva raised an eyebrow. "I believe you all know Harold Potter." Harry chuckled, remember the letter where Minerva had explained what she'd told the staff about the identity of her suitor. "We're sorry for the deception," he said kindly. "Though I'm sure you all understand why we needed to keep things quiet for the duration of the school year." "Obviously," Filius replied, looking amused. "Well done… Harry , and congratulations to you and Minerva." "Thank you, Filius ," Harry replied in kind. "I know we can count on all of your support." The whole staff body nodded, even those who seemed unsure about the match. He was still Harry Potter, the man who killed the evil that was Voldemort, and none of them were inclined to go against him. "I'm sure Molly is anxious to rebuke me in full measure," Minerva said with a surprise. "Shall we go join your friends, love?" He grinned, and pressed another lingering kiss to her lips. "Let's. She'll get over it, I promise. Her primary concern is my happiness, and besides, Ron and Hermione will help keep her under control." "Well that's something," she said as they began walking toward the Weasley family. Minerva looked at everyone watching them, and was a bit surprised to find out that the greater percentage of people here were offering thumbs up and congratulations, obviously in support of their relationship. Certainly there were some who looked appalled, and some who looked angry, but on a whole it seemed that the people were, at the least, accepting. "I love you so much," Harry whispered, wrapping an arm around her waist. "And I love you," she whispered in reply, saying the words for the first time. This, to no surprise, resulted in Harry spinning her around and catching her in another toe curling kiss. As always, he tasted like heaven. XOX PLEASE REVIEW! I've got a crazy couple of weeks ahead of me in prep for a cross country move, which is super stressful, and I could very much use the pick me up. You guys are the best!