he would have to study hard to make up for all the training and studying he should have done had he grown up with his rightful guardians. It read: Hey Prongslet, If you're reading this, that means I was killed – probably in the war – before you were eleven. I'm very sorry about that, but I hope that you have had a happy life so far with any of the people we specifically mentioned in our will to take care of you as your new guardians. In case you haven't had access to our will yet (if you're reading this before your eleventh birthday) then these are the people that you were supposed to go to in order: Lord Franklin 'Frank' and Lady Alice Longbottom – Alice is your sworn godmother, as your mother is sworn godmother of Heir Apparent Neville Longbottom, Frank and Alice's son. I campaigned hard to get your sworn godfather, Heir Apparent Sirius Black, to be first on the list, but your mother refused, since Frank and Alice are both more responsible than Sirius is (and I have to agree). Heir Apparent Sirius Black (could also be Lord Sirius Black by the time you're reading, as a lot can happen and the current Lord Black is getting rather old) – Sirius is your sworn godfather, as I would be Sirius' if Sirius had a child. Lord Cygnus and Lady Isabel Greengrass – Close friends, although we were in different Hogwarts Houses, but we became close after we graduated at Hogwarts and Hogwarts Houses no longer mattered. You're also betrothed to their eldest daughter, Daphne, which I'll explain (although I suspect your mother may have also explained about the betrothal in her letter). Lady Amelia Bones – A very close friend from within the DMLE, and firmly on our side unlike several top-ranking Ministry officials who are suspected of being Death Eaters *cough, cough* Lucius Malfoy *cough, cough*. Amelia's niece was also part of the circle of children you used to play with. Others in the circle include Daphne, Neville, Tracey Davis, Hannah Abbott and Luna Lovegood (Luna should be in the same year as you in Hogwarts, since your mother and I wrote a letter to the School Governors as Lord and Lady Potter stating that Luna should be in the same year since she was born on September 2nd, and only missed out being in your year by a day. Plus, we could see how close you seven had become). As you're about to turn eleven, I hope you're ready to take up the Headship of the Most Noble and Most Ancient House of Potter. When you come of age at seventeen or if you become emancipated, whichever comes first, you will also take up your Lordship. The House of Potter can trace its wizarding roots back to Merlin's time, and has produced many outstanding witches and wizards. I certainly hope you're one! Now, about the betrothal. A few generations ago, then there was a huge Muggle war and the Potters and Greengrasses were nearly wiped out in the male line. So your great-grandfather and Daphne's great-grandfather sat down and decided that if either of the Houses didn't have a male heir, then the Heir Apparent and the Heiress Apparent of the two Houses would be betrothed and get married when the Heir was of age (don't worry, Daphne's only a week older than you, as her birthday's on July 24th), to make sure that the Houses would still continue. This is you and Daphne, as the Greengrasses don't have a male heir. It's also unbreakable. You also have to learn about the House of Potter. We're openly in alliance with the Houses of Longbottom and Bones, as they're both "Light" Houses, and secretly in alliance with the Houses of Greengrass and Black, as they're "Grey" and "Dark" Houses, respectively. Please approach the Heads of all of the Houses with care, especially the latter two. I hope you've also been playing loads of pranks, and continue to be a mini-Marauder along with the rest of us. But as your mother wants me to put it in, I hope you've been training and studying hard to get ready. Remember, we'll always love you and we'll be watching you from wherever we end up. I hope you have a long and happy life with Daphne and have lots of sons and daughters of your own. Love, Lord James 'Prongs' Charles Potter of the Most Noble and Most Ancient House of Potter (don't ask me why I have to put this in, but your mother insisted) Harry quickly stuffed the letters back into their envelopes before they could be damaged by anything after he had finished reading. Then he set aside the envelopes and started eating his first proper meal – ever – which was sandwiches and a drink called "butterbeer", which was what Harry had first seen on the tabletops when he had first arrived at the Leaky Cauldron. He then remained at the table for a while and began to read An Introduction to the Wizarding World , hoping that would give him some kind of knowledge about how the new world worked, before noticing that everybody who wasn't currently slumped over the tables was quickly disappearing. Then he made his way back up to his room. Back in his room, he first sorted his memories of the day into the correct sections of the section labeled "Magic", before reviewing his mental to-do list and falling asleep – his first night in a real bed. Hey guys! I'm Shadow of the Blue Moon. What do you think about this fanfic? Is it too long (not all the chapters will be as long as this one)? Do you like how it's going? Do you want anything to be different? Please review and follow, and I'll hopefully be posting my next chapter soon! Shadow of the Blue Moon x Chapter Word Count (rounded to nearest 100): 7,700