have been summoned here tonight." Kingsley said as his dark eyes swept the length of the table, coming to rest on Ron and Hermione. "Why isn't Harry here?" Hermione interrupted, asking what many of them were surely thinking. "Harry is still with the Dursley's. His connection to Voldemort has grown stronger since the death of Albus Dumbledore, and it would be counter-productive to our mission for Voldemort to become aware of our plans." Kingsley said with an air of clinical detachment that pissed Hermione off. "Counter-productive?" She scoffed, "You expect him to defeat Voldemort, yet you keep him in the dark. He's not some pawn for you to play with, he's got every right-" Hermione ranted before being interrupted by Kingsley. "You're absolutely right, Miss Granger, and this decision was not made lightly. It is critical that this information stays within these walls. He cannot, under any circumstances, know about what is discussed here tonight, at least not until the proper time. Is that understood?" Kingsley asked with a tone of finality. Hermione glared at him, wanting to make sure he knew that she absolutely did not agree with this decision, and said through gritted teeth, "Understood." Kingsley nodded, and then looked around the room again, continuing as if he hadn't been interrupted. "As most of you have heard by now, Minister Scrimgeour was found murdered last week, and I have been appointed by the Wizengamot to take his place as Minister of Magic. Thankfully, there are many amongst them who are still loyal to the light." Kingsley said as his eyes swept over everyone in the room, "Due to the overt attack on the Ministry, as well as the recent rise of attacks on innocent Muggles, the failsafe has been triggered." Kingsley explained. "Failsafe? What failsafe?" Remus asked as he looked between Kingsley and McGonagall, wondering if she knew what he was talking about. "I believe he means me." Another familiar voice said as he stepped out of the shadows and into the room. A collective gasp was heard from just about everyone at the table, save for Kingsley. Hermione shot out of her seat, "You were dead! Harry watched you die! Harry said Snape…he killed you! And all this time Harry's been blaming himself…" Hermione said angrily, her fists clenched at her sides as she stared at the face of someone she used to trust. "He did indeed, Miss Granger, on my orders ." Dumbledore said solemnly as his watery blue eyes pierced into Her brown ones. A murmur was heard as everyone at the table began to talk at once. "Silence!" shouted Dumbledore, once again having everyone's attention in the room focused on him. "You made a horcrux, didn't you." Hermione said in disbelief, the pieces all clicking into place, "That's the only explanation. You were dead. It's the only way you can be standing here right now." Hermione whispered, the rest of the room silently watching the exchange between Hermione and Dumbledore. "Yes, Miss Granger, I did. I've always known you were the brightest witch of your age." He admitted, watching a look of betrayal form on Hermione's face. She was still in shock from seeing Albus Dumbledore standing before her, but her hand flew to her mouth when he admitted to having made a horcrux. " Murder , Professor, You of all people!…Who was it?" she demanded angrily. "Grindelwald." Dumbledore answered simply, with a hint of regret in his voice. "But, why?" Hermione pleaded, needing to know that the man whom she and her friends had trusted with their lives for the past six years wasn't just as evil as the man who they'd been fighting in a war against all of this time. "There are some misconceptions about Horcruxes, which considering the subject matter, is often overlooked. They are a dark form of magic, to be sure. To create one, one must take a life; that is certainly true. However, unlike an unforgivable, intent is not necessary. Voldemort, has intentionally murdered his victims in order to create most of his horcruxes. A death, even accidental, or in self-defense, can still result in the creation of a horcrux. I killed Grindelwald in self-defense, and in turn created a single horcrux. It has been hidden away all these years, and the secret was entrusted to only one other person. A person whom I trusted, and still trust with my life." Dumbledore responded. He extended his hand towards another figure who stepped from the shadows into the room, and another collective gasp was heard. Hermione's face twisted in anger as she launched herself towards the black –clad man, before Remus Lupin restrained her. "You're a traitor!" Hermione screamed at Snape, struggling in Lupin's grasp. It was very unlike her to lash out like that, but in that moment, after everything she had been led to believe by the people she trusted most, she didn't care. "He was following my orders, Miss Granger." Dumbledore said sadly, "I'm sorry I could not tell you, but you must understand that it is essentia l that Voldemort must continue to believe that I am dead, and in order for that to Happen, Harry must also believe it." Hermione glared at her former Headmaster, and the black-clad man at his side, as she pushed out of Remus' grasp and stormed from the room, slamming the door loudly, Ron and Ginny quickly following after her. "Well, that went about as well as I could expect." Albus Dumbledore sighed. AN: Ahhh! Another fic! I couldn't help myself...this one just popped in there, sorta like the Staypuft Marshmallow Man, and I had to get it out into the world. I already have five chapters written, but it is a WIP. Are you loving this? Hating it? Have questions? Leave me a review! If you review anonymously, I won't be able to answer you directly, but I will do my best to address your comments in the Author's notes at the end of each chapter! xo