front, followed by Nick and I in the rear. As we entered the waiting room for the headmaster's office, we didn't even have time to sit down before a soft voice came from inside the office. "No need to sit down, come on in. I've been expecting you." We entered the room and say the headmaster standing behind the chair of his desk. "Please, sit." He motioned for us to sit in the chairs in front of his desk. We sat down, me on the right, Luna in the middle, and Nick on the left. The headmaster placed his hands down on the back of the chair and spoke. "Now I have brought you three here today because professor Snape has gotten it through his head that it was you who attacked Malfoy and his friends, and I had to tell him, that it must be impossible for that to be true. I told Severus that there was no possible way for three first-year students to both create the antidote for the petrified students, but also to create and use such a complex, and well put together spell." He smiled at us. "Am I right?" He asked. None of us said anything, but rather, just smiled in return. He swept his gaze across all of us and landed on Nick. "Now would I be wrong in thinking that you did all of this work creating an antidote, so that you could cure your friend Alexa?" Nick looked down. "Well sir, I did it to save all the other petrified students as well." He said softly. "But I don't think it'd be crazy of you to say that." Nick smiled at the headmaster. "Please, no need to call me 'sir' just call me Dumbledore." He said calmly. "And your secrets safe with me." Dumbledore winked at Nick, and then turned to the rest of us. "And if that's the case then you might want to head to the infirmary, I heard that they're going to be administering the antidote soon." Nick's face lightened at that. "Thanks Dumbledore! We'll head down there immediately." Nick stood up, and then looked at us, we smiled and got up with him. "Please do, and give the girls a warm hello from me." We nodded, and started to leave the office, before Dumbledore called out one last time. "Oh, and Shepard?" I turned to face him, he looked at me, and then looked away. "Nevermind, perhaps another time." He said before turning away. I turned back as we started to head towards the infirmary. I wondered what he was going to say. As we walked through the doors to the infirmary, we caught them just in time, a nurse was walking up to Alexa's bed to administer the antidote, and let Nick do the honors on hearing that he was the one who created it. Nick stood at the side of Alexa's bed, and slowly poured the elixir into her mouth. He then placed the empty flask next to her bed. Alexa's body relaxed as soon as he placed the flask on the table. She blinked, sat up, and looked around. "What's going on?" She asked "You were petrified by the basilisk, and we had to create an antidote to un-petrify you." Nick replied. "Nick created the antidote." I said. "He worked for days on it." "Didn't sleep or eat until it was finished in fact." Chimed Luna from beside me. Alexa looked at Nick and smiled. "Thank you so much Nick!" She got up and hugged him, he hugged her back, albeit a bit awkwardly, but still hugged her back. Nick looked at me and Luna through the embrace, and gave us a big smile. We looked at each other and laughed. After the embrace was over, she looked over at Luna and I and said. "I don't know about you guys, but I'm starving. Would you like to go to the dining hall and get something to eat?" I looked over to Luna, just now realizing exactly how hungry I really was. She nodded, probably feeling the same thing that I was feeling. "That sounds great Alexa." I said, and we all started walking towards the dining hall. "I'm going to miss you guys." I say as I look back at the train. I turn around to face Nick and Luna, and I can feel a lot of emotions welling up inside of me. "Let's try to write each other every week, ok?" I said looking at the two of them. They both nod, I see Nick look over my shoulder, and he waves. "There's my parents, I gotta go, I'll try to visit when I can." He said before giving us one last embrace and farewell. "I'll see you two soon hopefully." He said. Nick turned around and started walking towards his family. I turn back to Luna. "I'm really gonna miss you Loony," I said with a smile. "Don't act like you're not going to see me again" She said, returning my smile. I felt tears well up in my eyes. "Look who's the strong one now." I said, wiping tears from my eyes. She comes in and gives me a warm hug. "Both of us." She said tears clouding her eyes as well. I look up and see my family waving to me. "That's my parents, I'd better go. I'll see you when I see you?" I ask, she nods in return. We embrace one last time before saying our final goodbyes. I walked over to my family, and my father pats my shoulder. "Good to see you again Shepard, how was your first year at Hogwarts?" He asks, I look up at him, with a smile on my face. "Incredible." END Thank you so much for reading, if you liked it, why not add it to your favorites? And if you want a part two, go ahead and add me to your watch list, and leave a comment below :)