a cold and hooded grey figure. He does not acknowledge the shiver that passes through his body; he suddenly feels very cold and old, staring up at the hollow sockets of what he presumes are Death's eyes. A thin mouth twitches and a head is tilted. Death does not turn away from his raging fury, and Harry is left glaring beyond the shadows, his body unmoving in front of Teddy's coffin, his hands clenched into fists, shaking. He revels in these moments more than anything and shows his anger like a proud wound, for only in his dreams can he allow his hands to shake and form tears that leave wet streaks on his cheeks. "Harry," Hermione whispers, and the steady tone of her voice startles him. He looks back again to the coffin where Teddy's body is put to rest, his godson whom Death took. He wills his hand to steady itself as he reaches over to brush down a strand of hair from the unmoving body. He looks so peaceful with his hands folded and eyes closed. Harry looks away. Later, when everyone had left, Death awaits him in the shadows, his figure swishing against the night wind gently, and the tree leaves move with him. Harry steps in front of him and those bottomless eyes drown him. He feels a dark amusement creeping upon the creature of the underworld and the funeral around the dissipates into smoke. Some days Death's shadow is preferable to Voldemort's child demon, for Death does not actively try to wish him an early demise; Death is only patiently waiting for the inevitable end. And on other days, perhaps the cruel laughter of Tom Riddle is preferable to Death's quiet hilarity. At least Riddle was unstable and thus unpredictable. Death only reminded him of the things he was already painfully aware of. What good is the Master of Death, if he cannot save his only godson? Death asks, ready to be conversational and friendly. Such a pitiful title. You suffer, child, from things you cannot control. Harry reels. Before he can control his tongue, demands are pouring out of his mouth. I want him back, Harry spits, and only in his dreams can he raise the right amount of righteous fury and the old hunger for retribution. I want my godson back, you had no right to take him away from me— Did I take anything unjustly, Death says, Do you think death is whimsical in its prey? He is a child! Harry shouts, and somewhere inside, a call cries out: take me instead, take me, but not him. Never him. You speak like your deceased mother. But death does not work like that. You, of all people, should know this. Death speaks as if he is smiling under his hooded cloak. You have accepted death when you were barely an adult. And yet in some ways, you are no better than a child. You have other things to worry about, do you not? Death flexes his spindly fingers. You have ghosts inside you that you must vanquish. And perhaps after, we shall talk again. When you have sufficiently learned the meaning of your pitiful existence. Harry stares. Death asks softly, Why have you returned to the living, Harry Potter? Answer that first, and perhaps we can have a discussion like equals. Until then, curb your ignorant demands unto me. Death banishes him; he wakes up, his mouth open and heart racing. The room greets him with its dark shadows. Harry lets out a breath. . . . Harry would later say to his befuddled friends: Malfoy's changed. He's not out to kill me (yet). He's perfectly civil (unless you count the one time he threw his teacup in a fit of tantrum). The war is over; let bygones be bygones (except he flaunts his Mark, never bothers to hide it under his robes). Ron and Hermione look back at him, worry clear in their eyes, and Harry tries to give them a smile. It doesn't work and he soon gives up. "But Harry," Ron tries. "It's, it's still the same Malfoy, yeah? The Draco Malfoy we know?" He twitches and waves his hands in the air, as if he could conjure Malfoy's lack of charm into a physical presence. "And you said yes?" "It wouldn't be Harry if he refused," Hermione says wearily, and gives him a quick smile a moment later, somewhat apologetic. Her fake smile is better than whatever he had managed to show, and he appreciates the effort. "But Harry, Ron's right. It's Malfoy, and you two had never quite an…amicable relationship." She places her words strategically and carefully, but Harry is not fooled. He reads between the lines: You were enemies throughout the years; he mocked you for your very existence; you almost killed him once; he saved you when it mattered; you saved him amidst our own death looming above us. She does not need to say her words, for Harry is too aware of the unspoken history between them. He shrugs helplessly and Ron at least, stops trying to convey his lackluster objections with his hands. "He's different," he says, his words as careful as Hermione, "And so am I. It's been years since the war ended, and well. The war's changed us, you know. It changed even Malfoy, I'll bet." And as he tries to believe this, Tom's voice laughs, Death chuckles, and his mind rattles with the cacophony of voices. Do not play the fool, Harry . Tom's voice is soft and mesmerizing, and Harry tries his hardest to shake it away. The war had never ended for you. You are still fumbling in the middle of it. Why else would you tuck me in inside your silly little head? Fuck if I know, Harry thinks spitefully, maybe I'm just waiting for you at your orphanage, so I can go ahead and kill you again. Riddle, predictably, does not answer to that. Draft: 2016-11-29