still imbedded in my skin, dripping blood onto the floor. I could feel my body continue to weaken, and struggled to stand again, swaying slightly as I moved and edged myself towards where Riddle stood. The basilisk was still thrashing behind me, albeit weakly, dying a slow death from the wound I had inflicted. I was in no danger from that now. I was probably already dead I realised with a start. Basilisk venom was a death sentence as far as I knew. There was no cure. With every step I took I could feel the strength ebbing away from me, bit by bit. By the time I reached where Riddle stood, I had stumbled onto my knees and was barely able to move. As angry as Riddle was, I could see a sinister smile cross his features. "You're already dead. It's over Potter. Soon I will have absorbed dear Ginny's essence and my rebirth will be complete. Killing the basilisk means nothing. You have achieved nothing " he spat. I was now on my hands, not having the strength to look upon his face. I felt something in my hands as they scraped the floor. A book…what the…Oh right the diary I thought. The Diary… The Diary! Suddenly a thought came to me. This was what was controlling Ginny. All of Voldemort's strength at this point came from this book so if the book was destroyed… I grabbed onto the fang that was protruding from my shoulder and wrenched it free with a horrific roar, the pain sending a scream through my mouth that was barely human. I didn't think about it, neither did I try to slowly slide it out. I did it as cleanly as I could, knowing it would hurt like hell. I could hear the blood spray on the floor and feel the warm liquid running through my fingers as I handled the tooth. I then opened the diary. "What are you doing?" I heard Riddle's voice demand, as I saw his shadow move towards me. I could almost feel him breathing down my neck. I opened the book, not caring which page it came upon, for they were all blank and I knew this. I glanced at the figure walking slowly towards me, though I couldn't see him very well, as my vision had now become blurry, and dizziness started to overcome me. Realising I had very little time, I took as deep a breath as I could and slammed the Basilisk tooth as hard as I could into the diary. "Nooo-aaaah!" It screamed, as the sharp tooth tore through the pages. Black ink spilled over my hand, drenching it. As I looked up, I could see the outline of Riddle on his knees screaming, blood dripping from his eyes. I drew my arm back and stabbed into the book again, barely able to see what I was hitting. By now, the black ink was spraying from the diary like a fountain of blood. My hand was completely covered in the stuff, and the book was still bleeding as I wrenched it free again. I could not see Riddle clearly but from what I could gather, flecks of blood were dripping from Ginny's body as black smoke escaped from her mouth. An ear splitting scream filled the Chamber, so harsh and biting that it was scary to behold. The smoke broke away as soon as it touched the air, never forming a defining shape, evaporating as soon as it left her. Voldemort I thought. I could literally feel the pain in those screams, as the thing that was possessing Ginny was expelled from her, slowly dying. It was obvious it was fighting but it was no use, as the book that once held the memory was now destroyed. I did not know how it worked, neither did I care. All I cared about was the fact that I'd won… he was beaten. As the last of the smoke left her mouth, she slumped to the floor on her hands, breathing heavily. She shook her head briefly before she started to cry. I now had so little energy I completely collapsed on the floor, unable hold my own weight any longer. Using the last of my strength I rolled over to my side so I could face Ginny. I wanted, no needed to make sure she was okay. "Ginny" my voice came out in barely a whisper. She looked at me, or at least that's what I thought she was doing. I couldn't really see her. "Harry!" she shouted, before rushing towards me. "I'm sorry…I tried to fight him…I just couldn't…he was too strong" she rattled on frantically before trailing off. "Harry, you're hurt!" she said in a panicked voice. "Don't worry about me… please just get out of here. At the start of the Chamber there is a door…it should still be open but if not say open " I said, slipping consciously into parseltongue at the end. I was barely speaking in whispers; such was the weakness that I felt. "But what about you?" she nearly shouted. "I can't leave you here…you'll die" she said with a whimper. By now my eyes were nearly closed. "I'm already dead." I breathed. I faintly registered the sound of the phoenix that assisted me earlier resounding in the Chamber, its mournful cries like a symphonic theme to my death. It felt almost poetic. I hardly sensed it land when its feet touched the floor, barely registering its presence. I was seconds from death. I barely felt the tears drop as it leant over my body, neither did I feel it use its incredible strength to turn me over and cry on my back. I registered none of this. And as I closed my eyes, the last thought I had was the hope that Ginny would be ok, mixed with the satisfaction, that at least my death had saved a life. That at least, counted for something.