for another kiss before loosening it and slipping it from his neck. Her hands trembled with need as she clumsily began to unbutton his oxford, while he continued to bring her closer to her orgasm. He felt her whole body tense just before she came with a strangled cry, and she watched him through hooded eyes as he slipped his fingers into his mouth to taste her essence. "Please tell me you have a condom" she said unable to wait much longer. He froze, realizing he did not, in fact, have a condom on him. He was sure he had some back in his dorm room, but that wouldn't help at the moment. "I uh…don't' actually… Have one on me that is." He said gritting his teeth in frustration. "Fuck." Hermione said as she let her head drop back down to the table with an audible thump. "Apparently not." Tom sighed leaning against the table next to her, annoyed that things had come to a screeching halt. Hermione sat up and noticed his still bulging trousers, and bit her lip nervously. "I um…I could maybe…you know, help you with that?" she said pointing towards his crotch awkwardly. His eyes darkened at the thought, "Have you ever done it before?" "Well, no, but how hard can it be?" she shrugged, hopping off the table to stand in front of him. "Very hard, I assure you" he said giving her a naughty grin. She knelt down in front of him, reaching for his buckle, her brow furrowed in concentration. Never let it be said that Hermione Granger does anything by halves. As she unzipped his pants, and pulled his boxers down a bit, she had a small moment of panic when she came face to face with his cock. It was much bigger than she expected it to be, and she realized she had no idea, other than the 'putting it in her mouth' part, how to please him. "So I just…suck on it then?" she asked, her small hand wrapping around his cock as he let out a hiss. "Christ, Granger, your hands are cold." She glared up at him and then refocused herself on her task, "alright then, he we go." She muttered parting her lips and taking the head of his cock into her mouth. As soon as her tongue made contact with his cock, he jerked his hips forward practically gagging her. "Bloody Hell…" he groaned fisting his hands into her hair. She soon found a rhythm he seemed to like, sucking him in as far as she could, and then allowing him to draw back and thrust in again. Periodically, she swirled her tongue around the tip, which to her delight caused him to groan every time she did it. Before long, his movements became more erratic, and his breathing more shallow as he squeezed his eyes shut, leaning back to grip the table with both hands. "Fuck, I'm coming…" he managed to say just as she felt the salty liquid coat the back of her throat. She wasn't sure what the proper etiquette was in this circumstance; should she swallow it, or wait until he was finished and casually spit it out? Not seeing any way around it, she swallowed, her eyes watering from the effort. As she stood, wiping the excess drool from her chin, she picked up his discarded tie and handed it to him with a smirk. "Well, you certainly earned your title." He remarked casually, giving her a naughty grin. "What title?" she asked in confusion as she buttoned her blouse and smoothed her hands through her riotous hair. "Head Girl." Tom chuckled and she slapped him playfully on the arm as he tucked his shirt back in and straightened his tie. An awkward silence descended on them, as he watched her pack up her bag, surely there was no way she could concentrate on her paper after what they had just done. "So um…I don't suppose you…well, I mean, you don't have to if you don't want to…" he stammered She bit back a smirk at seeing him so uncharacteristically flustered. "Spit it out, Riddle." She said biting back a grin He glanced down at his feet, giving her a genuine smile for the first time, and her heart stuttered to a stop. He had fucking dimples. Of course he did . "I was wondering if you wanted to go to Hogsmeade with me tomorrow…if you aren't going with someone else that is…" he said meeting her eyes again with a look that was so hopeful, it made her chest constrict. "You want to go to Hogsmeade with me ?" she asked in disbelief "Obviously, otherwise I wouldn't have asked." he chuckled She eyed him speculatively weighing the pros and cons of accepting his offer. There had to be an angle; Tom Riddle did nothing without purpose. "Really Granger, it's only Hogsmeade, not a marriage proposal." He said lifting is bag over his shoulder and giving her an annoyed look. "Okay then." She finally said and he seemed to relax. "Good. I'll pick you up at eleven. Oh, before I forget to ask, did you by chance finish the paper that Professor Sinestra assigned?" He asked giving her a questioning look. "No, I was going to start it tonight, but someone distracted me…" she laughed. He smirked, "Oh. Well, seeing as how I've already finished, I'd be happy to look it over for you before you turn it in." He said nonchalantly as he turned and opened the door, before he tossed "See you tomorrow, Granger." Over his shoulder as he walked away. She stood there gaping after him, wishing she had something to throw. Of course he'd finished the damn paper a week early, the twat-waffle. As she headed up the stairs to her dorm that night, she couldn't help but allow herself a small secretive smile at the thought of how she'd thoroughly messed up his perfectly perfect hair.