a quill, he signed the bottom of it and then sent it to Anna's desk so she could begin processing it. "Mr Potter, I deem this placement is causing you significant harm and that you need to be moved to a safe place while your care order is being created. Do you have a place you would like to stay?" The boy shrugged lightly. "Ron and Hermione are my only friends, but I don't want to impose on their families." Severus' eyes narrowed. "Pack your belongings and be ready to leave in five minutes or less." "Sir, my school things are in my old room." Harry jumped to his feet, already gathering his clothes and any other belongs he had in the room. "I will retrieve them as I tell your aunt and uncle about my decision." Severus dismissed the spells from the door and opened it. "Meet me at the bottom of the steps with all the rest you wish from here." Potter's 'Yes, sir' followed him down the stairs. Severus opened the cupboard on his way to the kitchen. A flick of his wand had all Potter's things packed up neatly and sitting near the front door. Stepping into the kitchen, he took in the small family waiting on him. He let his attention rest on the boy who was close to Potter's age. A quick flick of his wand had the child's data recorded in his notebook. "Mr and Mrs Dursley, Mr Potter will be leaving your dubious care in two minutes. Mr Dursley has expressed his opinion of the boy's placement. Mrs Dursley, do you have one?" Severus didn't let his gaze leave the youngest Dursley as he spoke. Out of the corner of his eye, he watched the boy's parents begin to get nervous. The youngest Dursley's eyes were widening in shock before filling with a touch of uncertainty. "Dumbledore said he had to remain here – that he was only safe here." Petunia darted a glance towards the stairwell. "He was obviously wrong – this place is not safe for a child." Severus watched as the cousin frowned, questions darting behind his blue eyes. "I will be reporting my findings to the local authorities as well as to the Ministry of Magic and by tomorrow at the latest I will have the interim order and then his care order as soon as it is hammered out." With one last sweeping glare, he strode out of the kitchen, collected Potter at the foot of the stairwell, and they left the house. §§§§§ Molly Weasley's eyes darted from the boy to the man. The visit was unexpected though it did make her youngest's concerns valid. "Professor Snape, I didn't know you worked for Child Arrangements Programme." "And no one shall learn it from you or Potter. It allows me to observe students and families without them … hiding things." Snape glared at both of them. Molly smothered a grin while she nodded. "Of course. Now, you wish to place Mr Potter here while his final arrangements are made?" "Mr Potter indicated this as one of the two places he would feel safe, Mrs Weasley. The Child Arrangements Programme Department will compensate you for his care until we determine his final placement. If you wish to be considered as such, and Mr Potter agrees, then your family needs to apply." Molly glanced at the boy before looking out the back window where the rest of her children were entering the back garden. "He can stay here and we can see how he fits in. May I contact you if we decide he can remain?" Severus nodded. "I'm currently his case manager. If that changes, you shall be informed." "Good," Molly offered her hand while waving her other towards the floo. "You best be heading out. The children are almost to the door." Severus shook her hand before turning to the boy. "If you need me, just post me. I will come." "Yes, sir," Potter's eyes darted from the Professor to the door. "You might want to hurry, sir." Molly watched as the formidable man vanished through the fireplace as Ron rushed through the door. §§§§§ Severus watched as Potter and his two friends sat at the Gryffindor table. It had taken just over a week to have the boy's care finalised. Samantha Wiggens, who typically handled the placement and care order forms had cheered when the Weasley family filled in the appropriate ones, and Potter had expressed his desire to remain in their custody. His own notes about Mr Dursley's wish help to speed up the proceedings. Those notes – cleaned up for the Muggle authorities – had the Dursleys under the watch of the local authorities for their treatment of Dudley Dursley. Poppy had stopped by his lab during the summer while he was there brewing, and he had filled her in on what details he was capable of. Shaking his slightly, Severus was amazed he had found the time to check up on all his cases, investigate the new ones, brew the Infirmary potions, and then still have a moment to be trained on the duties Albus and Minerva wanted him to learn. Shifting his attention to the main doors, Severus watched the first years come in. He was lucky to be back in time to sit down to dinner. Potter had posted him this morning when he and the youngest Weasley boy couldn't enter the train platform. He had flooed and Apparated there immediately, but a good bit of the day was spent reporting the malfunction to the authorities and then getting the boys – with all their belongings – to Hogwarts. It was during dinner he spotted Minerva's worried look at Potter and wondered if he should let her know that the boy was safe now. Deciding against it – there was no need to bring any attention to the change of the boy's living arrangements yet – he dug into his meal.