where Lewis was standing. They started making conversation and pointing out to some girls. Henry and the Ravenclaw girl were snogging at the other end of the table, and after some minutes, they disappeared into the dance floor. "If you feel uncomfortable, I can take you home." offered Jordan over the music to Victoire. She hadn't notice how close he was to her, and how apart from everybody they had become. "No!" Victoire immediately responded. "I'm fine! I want to do this." "My offer still applies if you change your mind." Jordan pressed. "Thanks." Victoire took a sip from her drink. It tasted sweet, but it burned her throat slightly. She took another larger gulp from it, and she started feeling lightheaded. As the music and the people engulfed her, she drank her drink with more confidence. She started swaying with the music, and when her drink had gone, she had completely forgotten about Teddy ignoring her and had started to openly dance. She ordered a second drink, and after that, she ordered a third one. "Jordan!" she said over the music, for the boy hadn't lose track of her the entire night. "Come dance with me!" Jordan obliged. He led her into the dance floor, and grabbed her by her narrow waist. She placed her hands on his shoulders and started moving wildly and sexyly. She brushed her body to Jordan's a couple times, and as she was starting to enjoy the music, and Jordan was moving as wildly as she was, never letting her escape his hands, Victoire felt a hand on her shoulder and she instinctively turned around. "Teddy!" she giggled, throwing herself into his arms. She heard him telling Jordan off and making some threats about keeping his hands to himself. "You've drunk enough, Vicky." Teddy said to her, and closing his arms over her body, he hugged her. "I'll take you home." "I'm completely sober." Victoire said, hugging him back. "Let's dance." She moved inside his arms, her hips swaying and her arms tossing in a dangerous manner. Teddy remained serious and still, and his hands tried to contain Victoire's movements. But he failed miserably. The girl moved crazily, and he was desperately trying to stop anyone else from touching her. "Vic, please stop." he implored into her ear. She hugged him by his neck, and brushed her lips to his cheek. She erupted in giggles, making Teddy stiffly disjoin her arms so he could stand straight again. He holded her hand and led her to the table with their drinks. She took a swing from her fourth glass before Teddy could stop her. "Oi, Victoire." he called to her, taking the glass from her hands. "Grab your purse, I'm taking you home." "No!" Victoire said in a loud voice. "I can't go home! I'm drunk!" Bill is going to assassinate me, Teddy thought. He grabbed her purse with one hand, and took her hand in his with the other one. He could do a Sobering Charm to her, a trick he had recently acquired, but the club was full of muggles and he needed to take her out. He pulled her towards the exit, Victoire protesting and throwing her other arm in the air. The backstreet of the club was full of drunk people and puke, so he kept walking towards the alley where they had Apparated into. And as they walked, he felt his heart hammering inside his chest. Why did he felt the urge to punch Jordan in the face just then? "Oi, Teddy!" Victoire called from behind him. "What?" he was in a foul mood. "Where are we going?" she stood her ground at the beginning of the alley. They were apart from the crowded street and there was no one else in sight. "I thought we were staying at Jordan's." "There was a change of plans." Teddy said, looking over her glossy expression and rosy cheeks. She was certainly drunk. "I'll sober you up in a jiffy and then I'll take you home." "No!" she whined, throwing herself into his arms again. "I want to stay!" "Come on, Victoire. Hold still." Teddy struggled with Victoire's antics, she wanted to hug him and stay drunk, she was discovering it to be a not so bad sensation. But Teddy kept pulling her from him and trying to aim his wand at her. "No, Teddy." she said, hugging him even tighter. He sighed and relaxed his body, figuring he could wait until she calmed down to charm her. He patted her head. "Let's stay." Victoire said, glancing up to his face. "I love you." "I love you, too." he said, looking down and seeing her shy smile. "No, you don't get it." she said, frowning. "What is it?" "I love you." and then she raised herself on her tiptoes and pulling his shirt, she kissed him on the mouth. Teddy was so shocked he didn't even have time to pull apart. His stomach somersaulted and his eyes automatically closed. The kiss was simple and tender, and even though Victoire was drunk, she didn't try to deepen it. Their lips just touched for the briefest of instants, and yet, for Teddy, it felt like an eternity. Victoire finally separated her head, and giggled into his chest. She hugged him tightly again and after some minutes, she was calmed enough for Teddy to do the spell. A soft red glow emanated from his wand, and when it was over, Victoire held her head between her hands. "I feel like my head might explode." she said, wincing. "It's a secondary effect." he said, shrugging. "I'll take you home now." "Why are you blushing? I didn't mean to..." she asked, grabbing Teddy's arm so he could Apparate them back into Shell Cottage. "For no reason." he said, shaking his head and making his blush go away. Victoire noticed his hair had taken a pinkish glow before she felt the tug at the back of her belly botton.