ladders in the middle of the night was not Hope's favourite pastime, but it was her own fault. She should have found the time to look in the attic before her last night in Number Four, but she'd been busy making plans for leaving and there had really been no time to check the attic to see if there was anything of value for her to take with her, which she doubted, but better safe than sorry. The wooden ladder creaked as she climbed it with a small flashlight lodged in her mouth, sending rays of light across the walls as she pulled herself up, fully in the attic. She almost wished she'd been given the attic as a room instead, because of how wide it was, but the white sheets over nearly everything would have been a bit unnerving whenever she awoke from a nightmare. Hope took the flashlight in her hand, sending the light over the sheets, catching one that had slipped off a rectangular-shaped item, revealing two faded letter, L and E. Lily Evans was Hope's mother. The dark-haired girl crept across the floor to whip the sheet off the trunk, tracing fingers over the letters that had been faded by age. Why did Petunia even keep her sister's trunk? Especially given how there had always seemed to be some animosity between them (Hope was taking that from how Petunia could hardly bear to look Hope in the eye, the same eyes she must have shared with her mother, if Mr. Ollivander was to be believed). Hope undid the clasp and opened the trunk, releasing a small cough from the dust dislodged, but it made sense, since it had been untouched longer than Hope had been living at Number Four. Within were a number of books that made Hope smile; so her bookish nature was something she had inherited from her mother. There were crisp uniform shirts and skirts on top of dark robes and red and gold ties that were in need of a good washing. And there was a small photograph that must have been taped to the inside of the trunk's lid, but had long since fallen off when gravity could no longer be denied. Hope lifted it, shining the light down on it, wincing as the light shone a bit too brightly on it. She blinked rapidly to clear her eyes of the spots dancing before them before looking down at the picture once more. It was of two people, a young woman with dark red hair that fell down her shoulders in loose waves and green eyes that shone in the sun, while the man had spectacles set over glowing hazel eyes and his dark hair was wild and untamed. Hope smoothed the dust from the moving image. James Potter and Lily Evans were wearing dark graduation caps and robes lined with red. Her father had his arms wrapped around her mother's waist, ducking to press a kiss to her cheek as she laughed. The watch on Hope's wrist gave a sudden beep, and Hope jolted at the sound. The alarm had been set for ten minutes to midnight, since midnight was when the cab was coming to pick her up, unbeknownst to her slumbering relatives. Hope dropped the photo back into the trunk, clasped it shut once more before dragging it on its wheels as silently as she could manage to the opening that led down to the hallway just outside Petunia and Vernon's room. She couldn't help but grimace and pray Thanatos that she wouldn't wake anyone up with her attempts to take the trunk down. So Hope grabbed the handles of the trunk on one side, silently grunting at the weight as she lowered it as carefully as possible down. Her muscles burned from the effort, but at least it worked and the trunk didn't open half-way down, spilling out its contents and awakening the whole house. Lady Luck (which was to say Tyche) was on her side, it seemed and Hope gave a sigh of relief as she climbed down after the trunk, only wincing slightly at the creaking of the ladder as she landed lightly on the ground. She folded up the stairs that had extended before silently shutting the door behind them. Now for the stairs. Hope couldn't help but sag her shoulders a little as she rolled the trunk to the stairs. If she was someone that didn't care about waking anyone up, she would have just simply dragged the trunk down the stairs, but Hope did care, because Hope was so close to freedom and nothing was going to stop her from reaching it, even if she had to be extra cautious. But she made it down the stairs just as the cab pulled up to the drive and she looped her messenger bag over one shoulder, opening the door with the other. And this was when Hope Potter's life truly began. AN: Whoa, that's got to be my longest Hope Potter chapter ever! I'm pretty sure that Looking Beyond's chapters never reached 10K. Ragnok the goblin Head of Gringotts is a really interesting character, I found when I was actually writing interactions between him and Hope, which I hadn't really done in Looking Beyond. He's a bit more respectful to those whose vaults he's personally in charge of, and Hope, in return, respects him for being upfront with her. Ragnok kind of took over Hagrid's role in the book, but he didn't explain things that Hagrid might've, like about Hope's parents' death, but I think I'm going to have Remus explain that to her. I think the new trio of this fic is going to be Hope, Daphne, and Hermione, or else I wouldn't have bothered bringing her in so early. I like to think that this Hope is willing to do a lot more than LB!Hope, who never even tried to leave Number Four until after fifth year. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE REVIEW!