to all others it is forbidden as the name implies," Dumbledore said. "And now I would like to begin one of our school's longest traditions: the mage-line rescript. It is not only a mark of our school's prestige and rich history, it has also- in recent history- been the spark for the magical curiosity and ingenuity within the minds of young hogwarts students such as yourselves for generations long past," He spoke, presently in the full swing of his speech. "For those that are called on today may not only step into the world as scholars of this majestic force that binds us but as knights of all wizard kind! Aye Aye!" "Aye Aye" the whole hall responded back. The grey-bearded headmaster paused, presumably to catch his breath, before continuing "So we shall start from the seventh year maguses: Adrian Belby, Kristen Maxworth, Ny...". At the moment, Harry's heart was pounding so loudly he couldn't hear the voice of anyone else. He'd failed the screening. He had seen some of these people perform sorcery before- what he had done was merely a magician's trick in comparison. He'd failed so... Wait a minute- s ince when had this become a life or death situation for me? No, he needed to clear his mind of all that now. It didn't matter that he be just like his father and Sirius . Yeah, being a mage would be cool but not being one wasn't the end of the world. No, it also didn't matter that he stand with the other mages either or be better than Ron Weasley and Neville Longbottom. Honestly, it scared that he thought of that last one enough for it to even cross his mind. Was- am I really so consumed by this? That couldn't be true, could it? One thing was for certain though, I a- "Harry!" someone next to him yelled, breaking him out of his thoughts. And I was right about to have an epiphany. "What is it Justin?" He asked tiredly. At the moment, he just wanted to sleep. "Mate your name was just called on the Rescript!" Ernie supplied . "Really?" He asked dumbly. "Yeah you, Longbottom and Weasley were the only ones from our year called, though I think people were mostly interested in you". Harry was wide awake now. He couldn't believe it! He'd made the Rescript! And ahead of the pricks like Malfoy and Smith to boot! Yea, he'd had a moment there but it could be sorted out later. Right now, He wanted to take in the current admiration. This was going to be fun. Sadly, in this case only the opposite was true. It was the same across every other table, they all simply stared at him. Was he some new sort of Hufflepuff symbol or something? Even while they whispered excitedly to each other, they continued give him long, appraising looks. A particular emotion playing on their faces. Was it awe? Or more likely respect? He didn't know why, but he felt much more akin to a prized pony now than a dignified person. Still, Ernie's statement wasn't too surprising though. Neville and Ron had been touted as mages since first year. Harry on the other hand was an unknown quantity who now stood amongst the two supposed magical 'juggernauts' of their year. Apparently Dumbledore had also announced that they should stay behind with the other first year mages for information on their new class timetables once the feast was over. As it came to pass, all he did was give them a sheet with their revised class schedules and told them that their house masters would now be their actual mentors, in the strictest sense of the word. The job fell unto the head of houses to teach their students the art of sorcery. A few students murmured about this though there was nothing really spectacular about it. Then again, they had interesting housemasters. For all her other merits, Professor Sprout didn't look to be the most thrilling of people. Later that night, Harry lay in bed, quietly contemplating the evening's events. The rest of his dorm mates had already gone to sleep. Strangely enough, the whole night hadn't brought him the happiness he thought it would. The initial elation he'd had when he learnt that his name was announced had quickly died. He had expected to gain at least some closure from tonight's occasion. Alas, as Harry Potter went to bed that night, issues in his mind lay unresolved. The entire day neither good nor bad. Simply grey , for lack of a better term, like a foreshadowing cast by the morning's cloudy sky. Meanwhile, in the farthest depths of the forest, a man stood crouched in front of a small hill. His dark eyes surveying the small body of water before him. Riddle says the artifact should be somewhere here but I can't trace anything Rayner said. This would definitely be the last time he took on another side mission for him. It had been two years since he'd been sent on this goose chase, two whole years! Not even one, but two! Too bad he couldn't just abandon it; the man had his ways of some how tracking his movements. And so with a resigned will, he tried for what was probably the hundredth time that day to sense any magical residue in the area. Simply to check if it was maybe nearby. All that came up pointed towards the pond once again. Oh that's actually really funny, hehehe Rayner thought hysterically. This assignment was going to be the death of him. Author's Notes: Leave a review to help a brother out! For those of you who have read my old chapters(can't really call them stories since they only had one part), I promise to keep updating this one. I've even gotten a beta reader now to ensure there will be much fewer mistakes. So as I said before, a review would be nice.