by numerous people speaking Mandarin, but after that you will need to put some effort into learning the language. I would recommend letting us translate." Harry bit his bottom lip as he considered the idea. "How many times can I use the spell before I feel the repercussions?" "Seven is the maximum number of times in twenty-four hours." He turned onto a small hedge-lined street. "Oh." Harry glanced about, obviously worried about this evening now. "Don't worry, Harry. Just remain near those I told you to, and you will be fine," Severus directed Harry to walk through a large gate into a garden. The path up to the door was lined with potted plants, their branches heavy with tiny oranges. The pots were decorated with red ribbons and there were red packets tied to the branches. Harry's wide eyed stare moved from the plants, to the koi pond in the garden and then to Lanfen and Mingyu approaching them. "Severus, Yun said you were bringing a guest?" Mingyu glanced at Harry before returning his dark gaze to Severus. Severus nodded. "Yes, this is Mr Harry Potter from Britain." He turned slightly towards Harry. "Harry, these are my parents, Sung Mingyu and Lanfen." "It is nice to meet you, Mr and Mrs Sung." Harry smiled at them and gave a deeper bow. "It is nice to meet you as well, Mr Potter." Mingyu bowed slightly before facing Severus. "Are you helping with the fireworks or in the kitchen?" "Harry and I will help you with the fireworks, it's Lui's turn to help in the kitchen." Severus wasn't sure what to make of Harry's relieved expression. §§§§§§ Later that evening, Severus watched as Harry dawned on his event persona. He smiled, talked, and laughed, but he also made sure to stay with dad, mama and Lui. The green outfit Ping had thrown together proved why the man was a master tailor. His own rich blue and gold was also a testament of the man's skill. Several of the aunties watched both of them as they moved about the room. It was out of sheer habit from the classroom that Severus kept an ear on the conversations. To his exasperation, most of the aunts and elder cousins were busy matchmaking. The sight of Yanyu standing beside Lui, watching Yun playing with the other children was the only warning he needed that those ladies were very powerful in their own right. He would have to be very careful if he didn't want to be their next victim after Lui. Severus started when he heard Aunt Meixui's question to Bohai. "Another Englishman? How many are going to be invading?" Jiao answered, her reprimand clear to those who knew her. "Do you wish Severus not to be here?" Meixui quickly shook her head. "No, he's my nephew, but this other boy? Why is he here?" "He's Severus' childhood friend's son," said Bohai, his voice loud enough to carry to all the listening ears. Severus leaned close enough to whisper to Harry, "Grandfather just told everyone you are the son of my childhood friend. It's a good reason for you to be here, one you should exploit." Harry shot a surprised look at him. "They know about my Mum?" Severus nodded and continued walking through the room, studying his family's faces, hoping to discover that Aunt Meixui was alone in her opinion. She had seemed mollified with Bohai's explanation at least. To his relief, the rest seem to be content with that explanation as well. Mama called them all to the feast not long afterwards. Severus watched Harry's face go slack in disbelief as they approached the main table. The sight of those wide green eyes taking in the many dishes on the table reminded him of himself at his first Reunion dinner. Exhorting the elders at his table to eat, Severus picked up his chopsticks and nodded in approval when Harry did the same. They dug in, enjoying a whole steamed fish basted in sweet and spicy sauce, deep fried prawns, pork twice cooked, braised pork belly, a whole roast chicken and various other seafood and vegetable dishes. Severus was kept busy, eating, catching up on family gossip and translating the dishes and their significance to Harry who just nodded and ate with enjoyment. Looking at the happy faces around him and then glancing at the smaller table nearby for the children, Severus realised he had had sorely missed coming home for this. It was as good as he remembered. §§§§§§ After the fireworks was over, Severus led Harry towards his home. "I can't believe the amount of food, and the sheer number of dishes!" Harry was grinning from ear to ear. "It was better than a feast at Hogwarts. I didn't know there was that many ways to cook prawns or chicken. I think you said one dish had feet, and didn't I see you eating a fish's eye? Eww! How could you eat that?" "Because it's tasty, and they let me have one since it has been years since I was able to come home for this event. Yes, the dish of braised phoenix claws are actually chicken feet." Severus was hoping his excited guest would settle down, but doubted it. Harry wasn't known to do what he wanted. "The rice … it was nothing like the rice back home." Harry skipped a few steps ahead. "I am stuffed! I am glad people liked our fireworks. I was worried that I would mess them up." Severus opened the front door and pointed Harry towards his room. "Remember to wear all new clothes tomorrow, do up your bed but no sweeping the floor, and please sleep well. Goodnight, Harry." "You're going to bed already? Severus, I'm still wide awake! I'm sure I shan't sleep a wink tonight. Alright, goodnight then." Striding to his own room, Severus closed his door behind him, praying he would survive having Harry around for the next twenty days or so.