the kitchens, 'hasn't eaten properly in, like, two weeks. Make him the best dinner he's ever had.' Greg sat down on a squat stool beside a worktop-come-table on one side of the kitchen, and waited for Joshua to join him. 'This time I know I really mean it,' he grinned, watching the house-elves busy themselves with the task he had given them, planting a plateful of steaming cuts of meat, garnished with a generous helping of fresh salad, in front of the other boy. 'Thank you,' Joshua mumbled, through a mouthful of steak, and the elves beamed. 'Can we be getting anything for you, master?' The lead elf turned to Greg. 'Oh, no,' he hesitated as he saw the elf's expression falter. 'Well,' he corrected himself, 'just a glass of lemonade, please.' No sooner than he had asked for it, a glass – full to the brim – had appeared on the table by his side. 'Thanks,' Greg smiled, leaving the elves to return to whatever they had been doing before the two boys had disturbed them, and allowing Joshua to finish his meal uninterrupted. 'Good?' He ventured, a little more than a quarter of an hour later, as his friend polished off the last of the meat. 'Yes,' Joshua nodded, wiping the juices away from his mouth with the back of his hand. 'Awesome,' he grinned. Greg laughed. 'Cool,' he swallowed the last mouthful of his lemonade. 'Did you have any plans for the rest of the day?' Joshua shook his head. 'I never really thought about it,' he admitted. 'I suppose we could explore the castle,' he offered, 'all the places no one ever goes... there's meant to be secret passages and everything.' 'Yeah, alright,' Greg smiled. 'Why not?' 'Hey, Josh, you live here!' Greg coughed through a mouthful of dust as the two children stumbled out of a cupboard that Greg thought couldn't have been opened in more than a century. 'How come you didn't know that was full of junk?' 'Do you know how big this castle is?' The other boy laughed through a cough of his own. 'I bet there's bits even McGonagall doesn't know about properly...' Greg shrugged. 'Do you think anyone knows about every room at Hogwarts?' 'Maybe,' Joshua led his friend up a wide staircase, 'but who cares? It's not exploring if you know where you're going, is it? Wouldn't it be cool if we found somewhere that none of the other kids knew about...?' Greg nodded, enthusiastically, 'as long as we could find it again...' he paused for a moment's thought. 'Things keep changing as well, like the staircases, don't they?' 'Yeah,' Joshua recalled. 'We got so lost once in the first week of term... We went one way, then we realised it was a dead end, so we tried to go back, but then the staircase had gone all together.' 'Sucks to be a first-year,' Greg observed, 'unless you don't have to muck around with all these bloody staircases, and have a nice, sensible dungeon to spend your time in...' 'Piss off,' Joshua laughed, leading the other boy along a wide corridor on the seventh floor. 'It's a freezing cold dungeon, isn't it?' 'We've got these things called fireplaces,' Greg slowed his voice to a patronising pace. 'You might have heard of them,' he smirked, 'and we can turn them off, too, so we can sleep at night when it's hot as well.' 'Whatever,' Joshua ignored his friend's jibe, heading further along the corridor, only to turn back and retrace his steps when he noticed the other boy hadn't followed. 'Come on, Greg,' he nagged, 'that's just a dumb painting of St Barnabas, trying to train trolls to do ballet. I wanna see what's in the East Tower.' 'Fine...' Greg muttered, turning to follow his friend, only to stop dead in his tracks as a wide door appeared in the wall on his left. 'Um, Josh,' he called down the corridor. 'What?' The Gryffindor turned round. 'Greg... you said...' he tailed off, noticing the doorway that had made the other boy call his name. 'That wasn't there before,' his voice wavered. 'Was it?' Greg shook his head. 'Shall we go in?' Joshua suggested, but the other boy baulked at his friend's idea. 'Are you sure?' Greg shuddered. 'We don't know what's in there. It just appeared as you walked past it...' 'What's the worst thing it could be?' Joshua shot back. Greg raised his eyebrows. 'I don't even want to think about the answer to that question.' 'Alright,' Joshua nodded, slowly, retracing his steps again to stand beside his friend. 'Wands out,' he proposed. 'We'll go in together.' The Gryffindor gripped his wand tightly in his right hand, before reaching for the ornate door handle with his left, and pulling it toward him. 'What on earth...' Greg followed Joshua through the doorway, carefully closing it behind him, as the two boys paced slowly into a room that Greg thought looked almost exactly like one corner of the school library, right down to the colour and shape of the furniture that lay scattered around. It was no wider than his own bedroom, although the set of windows that gazed out over the school's vast grounds was at least three times as high as his own room's walls. On either side of a small circular table and a set of low stools, there stood a pair of high, but sparsely populated, bookcases, although neither boy paid any heed to the books within. 'What on earth is this place?' Joshua blinked, turning to his friend, only to stop, mid-motion, as a fresh piece of parchment appeared in the centre of the table. 'Hang on... Did that just...' Greg nodded, scrambling to sit on one of the low stools, and dragging the parchment towards himself. 'This is the Room of Requirement,' he read out a clear script that snaked across the page in front of him. 'It is what you wish it to be.'