consciously fight to continue charging. I couldn't back down now though, to retreat now would be to surrender and cripple any self-confidence my father would have around me, and so I leapt. My eyes only beginning to close as he loosened the tight grip on his wand just in time to catch a mini-missile that slammed into him with a padded thump before tiny arms were wrapping around his chest from underneath his armpits. My eyes shut closed I ignored the rigid tension of his frame that left me ever so slightly worried before I dipped my head into the crook of dad's neck and sighed. It would be a long road. I just didn't realise how long. After the first hug rather than freeze awkwardly, instead my father would flinch away from me as though burnt by scalding water. It hurt. Still every time I did so I would see the same hurt mixed in his own eyes, only mixed with shame. So I continued to push; hugging harder and longer every time until the heat of my body began to thaw whichever fear he held to hold me. Then one day, almost four months after my relentless pursuit something changed. This time rather than freeze or flinch he reacted, clutching me closer. It wasn't exactly a hug since his hands were busy gripping my armpit but still it was closer than I'd ever gotten before from him… and it felt like magic. Speaking of magic I hadn't mentioned it much. The truth is it I didn't think of it often, living for four years with the existence of the house elves was more than enough to disenchant myself to the basics. After all the novelty of a wand flick erasing a smudge of dirt wore off quickly the same way a brand new washing machine would. And it wasn't as if anyone in the house often exhibited spectacular magic like a dragon made of fire. That would be irresponsible and Mum would be livid if anyone damaged the wooden flooring. So over time I forgot about the true wonder of magic as it settled into the back of my thoughts. That wasn't to say I ever forgot about the existence of magic. That would be impossible, for my past life had given me one advantage to the rest of my world. I could sense magic. Where others could be born with a sensitivity or even learn it my past life's lack of magic meant I had a distinct feel for what was different between our two lives. Such as the magic that pumped through my veins giving my body a subtle strength which was probably the reason I'd never been sick in this life. How if I concentrated I could feel the flow and how it clumped into a ball in the center of my chest. The same way I could feel the way the ambient magic would seep into the pores of my skin especially around my hands. It left me extremely self-aware. That wasn't even touching on the magic outside my body. The way I could feel the wards of Malfoy manor welcoming me like an elderly grandparent, a feeling of safety and serenity as it wrapped around me like a well worn blanket or a warm hug. While in the rare few other homes I'd went to, the wards had felt like persistent nannies forever watching for naughty little girls. I never gave them a reason to show their potential punishments. As a result most people assumed I was a little angel in a horde of demonic toddlers (it wasn't really wrong so I didn't correct them.) In purebloods culture it was common to restrict children to social gatherings and play dates where their parents would constantly watch them to ensure they wouldn't create any grudges at a young age. It meant I hadn't ever been to the Ministry of Magic or Diagon Alley, two places I had to admit I longed to see just to feel the magic in the air. Nevermind Hogwarts. Still I suppose on the positive side I'd been in more mansions than in my past life, and feeling the difference between the growling guard dog wards of the Crabbe family in contrast to the soft welcoming of the Greengrass wards and everything in between was amazing. People even more so. When I felt for father his presence felt like an arctic tundra with blizzard winds, though rather than hurt me they felt protective as if they could feel my own probing magic. In contrast mothers was a desert with deep caverns which hid the treasure she held dear. Draco's was an igloo hiding a soft fire within. Each of them was fascinating…. and yet one day I realised I couldn't feel my own. The shock was terrifying and left me horribly confused. With no explanation my mind quickly turned to the worse. The possibility I was a squib. Now I know what you're thinking, 'your not a squib, you can sense magic'. The truth is so can any squib unlucky enough. After all a squib is born with enough magic to resist the passive effects of muggle repellent wards or drink a potion, but they can't use the magic in their body. It's a horrible fate; to be looking in on a world of wonder and yet never be truly part of it. So I ignored it, burrowing my head in the sand (Like so many other Wizards with problems. Hmm. Maybe it's genetic.) and hiding it behind excuses. After all I was the pureblood daughter of Lucius Malfoy and Narcissa Malfoy nee Black, two of the strongest bloodlines of my time. I was part of the genetic jackpot with a golden ticket before it even began, nothing like the muggleborns who relied on pure luck. To even suggest I would become anything other than a magnificent witch was ridiculous and so I squashed those niggling fears under my heel.