and walk; Lucius" Lily mumbled loudly, in mid chew as Severus cut the other teen off. The girl glancing around quickly, and stuffing her mouth too full for renting, completely used to the situation. A loud, clanging bell sounding from the downstairs hallway; as the gates opened to let through their visitor. "Right-o" a woman laughed, falling through the doors, Slytherine robes cut skin tight around the well-defined figure; a big smooch placed on the top of the red head. Bellatrix pulling a carefully moving man in. "Good…day" Mr Collins, their accountant said, visiting on matters of their muggle business only; staring at Severus, the boy suddenly fighting an urge to drape himself into the newspaper. Bella`s firm grip placing the lawyer on the bench. The man holding umbrella in one hand and grey briefcase in the other, thin whiskers wet. "Healing well? " slightly annoyed, smooth voice said, Lucius stepping out from the fireplace. His hands casually touching the scared neck under the hair line; Severus shuddering as his hair was tugged back; jaw bone traced the half- human calculating the depth of one of the wound treated the previous evening. Placing a lazy kiss on the forehead while he was at it. Lucius buttoned up his own robes quickly throwing the thin wool over lap of his lover; casually rolling up the sleeves of muggle shirt for breakfast. Long silver eyelashes almost scratching the surface of his glasses, as he gazed at the visitor. Bellatrix whispering with blushing Lily. "Er..."Mr Collins spoke loudly, uncertain whether or not he should talk "Mr Malfoy." Severus eyes flickering up and down, finishing his tea. "Yes" the blond leaned forward, clearing his throat "I got your letters. We should indeed move our funds, the muggle crisis crashing through the shares." "It is for the best…" Collins explained "…economy does rebound, but…" "We understand." Lucius agreed. "Your investments have been adequately so far" Lily perking up, smiling softly. "The documents" She said softly. The man cherry picking old sheet of paper from his bag, the silver haired teen signed it; the iron pen slashing his finger, hungrily using blood as ink. Lucius smiling instantly, already walking the man to the doors. Those necessary brief visits, holding them all on edge. Collins nodding his goodbyes as he rolled the old paper up, overlooking as he carefully escaped, stepping down the old steps, his knees high; magical field throwing him out in west London;12 Grimmauld Place once again. "Purebloods" the man signed, stumbling back home breathing out in relief "Gold is the corpse of value..." Fundamentally he couldn't care less for the recommendation Ministry had against the people; each of such visits his own personal riot, regardless of how many Dark Lords he helped making right now; the images of odd teenagers with eyes of adults something society is going to pay for one way or another. In his opinion, sooner is better. Not that he would say it out loud. "We have time" Malfoy gasped; needing the touch more than air, magic unbalanced and raw crawling up his spine as emotions and hormones exploded turning rain into pyrotechnical madness of smells and colors; leashing out and biting as his arousal brushed against naked thigh. Severus turned away just in time, still human jaws smashing together an inch from his neck; the teen pushed into garden shed, with delicacy of Babylonian whore, the room providing no comforts. The door cracking, as they leaned on it making out. Grey human eyes bleeding into silver, skin slowly transforming into scales under his fingertips. Magic as music, demanding her playtime. Reminding of times when sex was just mating. The kisses bruising at best, magical exhaustion refueled. "Wait" Lucius meowed their cocks brushing together; pheromones rich as dragon breathed in sharply. "No" Arms wrapping around blond head, pulling the dragon closer. Malfoy going blind, arching his back as cartilage grew from his spine. Severus not letting go, heavy breathing painful under his palms. Being taller Severus pressed forward reminding of main event, swallowing the words. Metallic empty gaze mirroring his movement like a snake, mesmerized in trans. Secondary doubting, always too adorable to be ignored; young potion master grabbing some ass in return. The blond leaned forward, breathing deeper. Presenting delicious neck to the mate, Severus fidgeting and wrapping himself closer, legs entwined. This was painful; he knew, biting the silver scales in animal gesture as hard as he could, the rib cage responding with shivering but not transforming. Thin calcium tubes cracking up in pieces as the teen pressed forward motionless, scales drying out. Soft stroking settling down the muffled cry, continuous stroking teasing as boys moved in rhythmic strokes arousing them both. Wrist wrapped, supporting sexes as the boys panted in each other's ears rubbing one off like kids. Magic feeding. Warning & writer message. This story, right now, is my rough draft. I have been creating it for 15 years,and only now started to activly write it down. I publish minimum of 2500, and around 3000-6000 a week. So,I can not do gramma nazi editing at the same time. So, duh, live with it. I will hit 100 K by the end of summer, and have planned two full weeks just for work with betas and gramma. I am looking for betas right now, so jump on board with a pm. # What you do need to know is that this is a very dark fanfiction that includes realistic war, rape and sex, different magical structures and different view on magic as whole. This is not canon. This is a separate world, build loosely around structures from the Harry Potter books. This is everything I wished to change, honeslty as much as I love HP, Harry is a f moron of plotholes. This is the only chapter with Easter Eggs and clues into other arcs. Arcs I have not written yet, so maybe not the best way to start this off. But whatever. Have fun. Shelk.