"That Angelina owes me a Galleon!" Harry had simply accepted the news with a wry twist of his lips. Hermione found that she wasn't really surprised that he'd somehow known ages before she and Ron that things weren't going to pan out. He had a knack for seeing the bigger picture of things. He'd held Hermione as she cried, assuring her that it wasn't stupid to be upset, even though she'd always sort of known it was going to end one day. Ginny had been more than a little confused (apparently Harry's intuitive nature wasn't something the youngest Weasley shared), even more so when Ron and Hermione insisted that this hadn't been brought about because of a row they'd had. Finally, she'd asked, "Are you both still coming to my Quidditch game?" Hermione scoffed. "We're still friends, Ginny. We're leaving things amicably. There's no hard feelings." "Of course we'll go," Ron agreed, laughing and throwing a protective arm over Hermione's shoulders. Ginny relaxed. "Oh, well if that's the case, then alright," she said, with a bit of a shrug. As long as they were still going to be the same four friends they'd always been, she truly didn't seem to care if Ron and Hermione were romantically intertwined or not. Harry stifled a smile. "My wife. Such a tactful woman. Should've been a diplomat, really. She's wasting her life away with those Harpies, when she could be negotiating delicate peace treaties." She'd stuck her tongue out at him, which he'd taken as a ready invitation to kiss, leaving her squealing with surprise and laughter. "Still here," Ron said, loudly. Pointedly. Beneath the miasma of sadness, Hermione felt a twinge of that happiness she'd felt on the night before Ron ended things, and fought back a small laugh as she thought, Maybe things really will be alright. So life wasn't going to plan, exactly. All things considered – and as much as she did truly love Ron, as one of her best and closest friends – she could finally admit to herself that maybe it was a good thing that her life had suddenly decided to go bottoms up on her. 0o0o0o0o0 Their resolution to remain friends made the first few weeks occasionally awkward. Hermione would find herself stepping close to him automatically when saying goodbye, looking for a kiss. Ron would, every once in a while, wrap his arm around her waist when he wasn't thinking. After that first awkward period, though, things relaxed, and she discovered that being friends with Ron wasn't as hard as she'd pictured it might be. In fact, it was amazingly easy, sometimes, something she rather thought could almost entirely be attributed to him. Although a hothead of epic proportions, Hermione was still left occasionally breathless by the amount of love and passion that could be found in a single person, and even if they'd realized they didn't want to be together, it seemed he had no trouble allowing that love to manifest platonically. Sometimes, he'd look across the table at her when they were at the pub with all their friends, his gaze warm, and she'd feel more content than she could remember feeling since Barcelona. The teenaged love they'd felt for each other settled, becoming a steady thrum of something steadier, and more sure, and she realized that she almost felt as close to him as she did to Harry, sometimes. And with Harry and Ginny being so wrapped up in their family life, Hermione found that the sudden lack of pressure on her relationship with Ron made her want to spend much more time with him as just friends. She even inquired about his dating, once, although he'd shrugged and said he wasn't in a hurry to rush into anything. "Really?" she asked, surprised. Honestly, the Ron she knew before being involved with him had always been blundering through one relationship after a next, almost desperate to never be alone. He thought for a moment, and then nodded, slowly. "You know, it's so hard to think of myself as separate from you, sometimes? I think it's time I get to know myself as... well, as Ron. Ron-Without-Hermione. I feel like I haven't seen that bloke in years," he added, in a dry tone. "Oh, you poor thing, getting shagged on the regular for four years. How trying that must have been for you," she snipped. "Don't you make light. Going back to my hand has been bloody awful," he admitted. She snorted with laughter. "What about you? Not that you were ever one to fall headfirst into relationships." She shook her head, sobering a bit. "There's no one I know of that I even fancy, if I'm being honest. And to be perfectly honest, I've looked around the office some, trying to see some of the people at the Ministry as potential boyfriends, but... I just can't imagine it with any of them. Maybe I'm destined to be alone." "Don't be daft," he said, sipping his beer. "You still have that blasted cat." She slapped his arm, making him spill some of his ale, forcing an indignant shout out of him. But she was smiling, and so was he, and Hermione realized that she rather liked Ronald Weasley, even without the aid of that little crush she'd always had on him. She'd always kind of morbidly wondered if, had she not been a teensy bit in love with him all these years, they might never have been friends at all. As they shared in laughter, she sipped her own ale and realized, I'm happy. For real. I'm actually very happy. She felt confident, for the first time in several weeks, that everything was going to be just fine. That feeling persisted, and then she knew everything was going to work out for the best, after all. 0o0o0o0o0 That is, until seven months later, when the Daily Prophet landed on her breakfast table with the screaming headline: Ministry passes scandalous "Marriage Law"! TBC...