an eyebrow at her. "How long does Veritaserum need to brew for?" "-A lunar cycle." "And its color and smell?" "-Clear and odorless." "A bezoar that cures poisoning must come from the stomach of what mammal?" "-A goat." "What is a good healing herb to use?" "-Dittany." "And, tell me, how should one use it effectively?" "-By eating it whole." "What is Panacea?" "-A supposed cure for all diseases" "And the alchemists who worked on panacea used what ingredients?" "-Salt, vinegar, Sal Ammoniac, urine, and Sulphur Vive." Snape stopped his questioning, folding his arms across his chest and sitting back in his chair. For a brief moment he actually looked pleased with her, before his expression returned to its concealed, guarded state. The rest of the room swirled around them and came back into view. During his interrogation it had seemed like they were the only two in the room and Hermione had completely forgotten about everyone else. She inhaled slowly and pried her eyes away from his to glance at the other faculty members. Everyone sat gaping at her. McGonagall quickly collected herself, straightening in her chair, and gathering the parchments in front of her as she cleared her throat. "Thank you, Ms. Granger, for that display of knowledge. I think that concludes our questions." She looked down both sides of the table to verify. "Thank you for this opportunity," Hermione said softly, as she rose. She swept her eyes across the six faculty members, bowing her head. She left quickly, her heart racing. "Well, obviously she's perfect!" Keighly burst out the minute the door closed behind her, his brown eyes wide with amazement. "Hermione? Are you home?" Hermione heard the voice coming from her fireplace in the next room. Hermione laid aside her book and moved to her parlor. It was Tuesday, four days since her faculty interview. "I am," she responded as she closed in on the fireplace. She saw McGonagall's face forming. "May I floo in?" "Yes, of course." Hermione stepped back, preparing to meet the headmistress. McGonagall flooed in, stepping out of the fireplace, and wiping soot off her black robe. "Would you like some tea?" Hermione offered, moving towards the kitchen. "Oh, yes please!" Hermione quickly brewed the tea, setting out milk and sugar, unsure of how McGonagall preferred to take it. She handed a spoon to the older woman and then grabbed yellow teacups and saucers from the cabinet. "These are lovely," McGonagall said, admiring the tea set. "Thank you," Hermione smiled. "They were a birthday present from Luna." "Oh, lovely Luna. Is she still traveling?" "Yes, she's keeping quite busy." Hermione joined McGonagall at the table, pouring the tea. They both sipped the hot drink for a few seconds. Hermione's cup clinked against its saucer as she replaced it, looking at McGonagall expectantly. She felt calm. "Well, my dear, the job is yours if you want it." Hermione burst into a huge grin, jumping up from the table abruptly and throwing her arms around McGonagall, catching the headmistress off guard. "Oh my gosh! I'm sorry! I guess that's not very appropriate now that you're my boss!" Hermione's face went crimson with embarrassment, her hands flying to cover her gaping mouth. "Please forgive me!" she cried out. McGonagall only laughed. "Of course, of course." She took a drink of her tea and swallowed, giving Hermione a curious look as the young woman returned to her seat. "You do realize that Severus may always be looking over your shoulder? I will try to manage him, but you know…the man will always do what he wants." Hermione sighed. "Yes, I suppose he will. I will be fine. I'm not afraid of him." "No I daresay you handled his questions quite well. But afraid or not, he will most likely be frustrating to work with I suspect." The grin returned to Hermione's face. "Well, good thing I'm stubborn." A/N #1 -This song is my main inspiration for the story. You can find a link to listen to it in my profile. It's not your eyes, It's not what you say, It's not your laughter that gives you away You're just lonely, you've been lonely, too long. All your acting, Your thin disguise, All your perfectly delivered lies They don't fool me, You've been lonely, too long. Let me in the wall, you've built around, A nd we can light a match and burn it down Let me hold your hand and dance 'round and 'round the flame, In front of us, Dust to Dust. You've held your head up, You've fought the fight, You bear the scars, You've done your time Listen to me, You've been lonely, too long. You're like a mirror, reflecting me Takes one to know one, so take it from me You've been lonely, too long We've been lonely, too long. - Dust to Dust by The Civil Wars A/N #2 : This is my 1st fanfic story (that I've seriously pursued). I started it 3 weeks ago & have been working on it daily. I have pieces of a lot of chapters already drafted. I've been doing a lot of research for it to make it plausible and work within JKR's wonderfully crafted universe. I'm also trying to include some canonical elements (like dialogue & some events). I don't have a beta, if anyone wants to volunteer (for grammar, characterization, plot issues) let me know and we can chat. Sources Used : HP Books & Movies, Pottermore essays, Harry Potter wikia, Harry Potter Lexicon canon essays (very interesting/useful) Quote used in Trelawney's prophecy is from the Prisoner of Azkaban For the 1st chapter I found the site Hogwarts Is Here for the RPG potions courses they offer extremely useful Inspiration to write : Caeria's Pet Project (The Mother of all Severus Snape/Hermione Granger fics) & I make a reference to her story in the interview section ;) Look it up & read it if you haven't already. Thank you for reading!