feel it, being pressed so closely to him, he kissed her gently once more. Exhausted and still feeling the effects of the elf wine, Hermione had passed out. A knock on her compartment door brought Hermione back to the present. "Come in." Hermione said, reaching for her ticket next to her, she stood as the door opened, disrupting the snoozing half kneazle. An older witch in pantsuit uniform came in. "Good evening young lady, your ticket?" Hermione handed over her ticket. " I see it's just you in this compartment? Well goodness that takes care of our overbooked passenger. I'll let the station master know we found room, thank you dear." and before Hermione could get a word in edgewise, the conductor apperated. So much for booking a whole compartment, sighed Hermione as she sat back down. Pulling out a tomb from her bag, she curled her legs up under her and pulled a throw from her bag as well. She hadn't realized how tired she was, and nodded off while reading, Crookshanks snoring quietly at her side. Severus's point of view He had booked his trip in advance, only to discover as he boarded, that there had been a mix up with his booking. The old hag had said something about being overbooked and to wait in the lounge car as she finished checking in passengers. She'd better figure something out he scowled. His trip to New York to procure rare potions ingredients, would keep him busy for most the summer till fall. This travel to New York was supposed to be a break before he arrived. He had booked a compartment to himself, this wasn't his first trip on the Aurora. This time he didn't want to share quarters, but to enjoy some peace and quiet, and perhaps reflect on a recent event with a bothersome know it all. "Ah wonderful new dear, I've thankfully found you room with another passenger. Last compartment on the right, off you go now." Before Severus could lodge a complaint though. she apperated with a pop, leaving a grumbling, surley wizard. Collecting his suitcase, he walked briskly to the back of the train. He politely knocked, but when no answer came, he slowly opened the door, peering into the main compartment. It seemed that the other occupant he was to share the cabin with, was sound asleep. Slight feminine snoring could be heard from underneath the throw covering said occupant. Next to the slumbering blanket, sat an aloof half kneazle. It's yellow eyes watched as Severus settled in for the long trip, taking the empty, overstuffed bench opposite said ginger kneazle, sighing as his aching joints relaxed. As he perused his cabin, his ex-spy skills noticed the book perching precariously on the table. Curiosity getting the best of himself, he pulled the tomb closer...'Moste Potent Potions' Embossed the cover and as he turned the soft cover over (curiosity peeked) he froze. "Damn!..." he muttered an oath as he read the note inscribed on the inside cover, 'To one Miss Hermione Granger: May this original masterpiece inspire your future works' signed by the author. Curious indeed to have such a priceless tomb in her possession. More bothersome though was the unwanted confrontation that was surely to take place when she roused from her slumber... Stretching Hermione yawned as her stomach grumbled loudly. Somehow she had managed to lay down on the bench while sleeping, and as she sat up dizziness oddly enough, forced her head back down on her makeshift pillow. As she closed her eyes, hoping for it to pass, she realized she wasn't alone... As he observed her waking, Severus pondered his options. It was now dark out, and not wanting to wake the sleeping occupant (further prolonging the inevitable) he had missed the dinner hour. Just as his hunger voiced it's presence, Hermione was waking. With a sigh he folded the paper he was reading, as she sat upright, only to quickly compel herself to lay back down, squeezing hers eyes shut. "Feeling under the weather Miss Granger?" he sneered. He watched as recognition mixed with other fleeting emotions, cross her face. "Son of a b...!" she curses but as usual Severus was quicker to the punch "Tsk tsk...who knew the brains of the Golden Trio could spew such fowl language..." he said with a scowl. As she slowly sat up, he managed to hear her mumble something about having kissed her fowl mouth. "Obviously. Let's address the your issues right now shall we? As it is a long trip that we must share... together unfortunately , I have no desire to rehash the past, nor do I wish to discuss that mistake ." he paused, waiting for her to retaliate. As he met her gaze of dismay mixed with hate, he continued. " As this is my only holiday till this train reaches its destination, I plan to enjoy it in peace...AND in a relatively, relaxing and quiet trip Miss Granger." he continued as she tried to voice her opinion " Make no mistake, do not goad me, for I will not tolerate nor do I have the patience for your know it all tendencies!"... Angered beyond words at how he could act as if nothing happened between them, she quickly leaned forward, as she fearlessly faced him. " Make no mistake Professor," and standing she picked her tomb up " I certainly will never desire any future association with you, whatever our past mistakes have been!" and with a toss of her riotous curls, she stepped into the kitchen, the door swinging shut behind her... Severus pinched the bridge of his nose, fatigue overruling his hunger, he stepped into the adjoining suite. Picking the empty bed closest, he stripped down to his black jeans, and with a heavy sigh, attempted to get what sleep he could attempt. Please feel free to review :) My first fanfic story... I do enjoy constructive criticism over my favorite brew, coffee :)