relief vanished at the words spoken by his mate, his shoulders slumped in defeat. "I don't care anymore, Snape. Go and play your games with someone else. I have had enough of this." Severus was frozen, his world spinning out of control, ever hope and dream he had entertained since the first drop of Harry's blood touched his lips falling around him. His mate was leaving him, walking away slowly, cuddling a cat – something he was allergic to, something that could be seen as a weapon against him. 'I can't let him continue. I can't lose him! Not now, not so close.' Silently, he rushed to catch up and with a soft touch on Harry's shoulder, he forced him to stop again. "Ask." Snape knew he was begging, knew it was in his voice, but he couldn't let Harry take another step without him trying. Harry didn't turn about, instead, he stared into the cat's blue eyes, and Severus finally figured out why the teen had assumed he and that beast were the same. "Why is the colour of your eyes changing?" Oh, what he could say to answer that. What he could do to explain the answer to that. He stepped closer, fighting his need to press against Harry, to smell him, to taste him. "Because of the same reason your scent changes all the time. Emotions." Severus waited for Harry to walk off, to speak, to turn about, to do something. He knew he wouldn't move until something happened. Another question wasn't the response he expected. "What do you feel when they turn ice blue?" Severus felt his lids drop as lust surged through him. His calm place was lost. He was riding the wings of desire, need, and wants. His mate was standing before, asking questions, wanting answers. Leaning forwards, close enough to Harry's ear for his breath to brush the shell of it, close enough to smell the mixture of scents rising from the teen's neck, to feel the pull of his mate's blood, he whispered, "Lust." He knew the moment the cat's claws drew blood. His fangs, which he had been glad had not elongated, did. Harry spun about, and Severus could feel his mate's gaze darting from his fangs to his eyes. "Lust for what?" Harry's eyes travelled between Severus' eyes and fangs again. "For blood?" 'No, not just any blood. For yours, and not just your blood, but for you. All of you.' Severus could practically feel the blood sliding down Harry's arm to his hand. He couldn't let that precious fluid fall to the ground. He lifted the bloody hand to his lips and inhaled the air over the wound. Harry watched him for a second and then saved both of them by tearing his hand from Severus' touch and licked down the blood himself. Severus stared at the smear of blood on Harry's lips, it was calling him. He did his best to ignore it, forcing a smirk on his face as he spoke, "See you tomorrow, Mr Potter. I wish you luck on your Potions examination, I believe you will need it." HPSS::SSHP Harry was asleep, a well earned and needed sleep, and Severus watched him, curling his bonded closer to his chest. An empty vial of Blood Replenisher sat on the nightstand, and Severus finally felt full. He had lived off of sour tasting blood for practically an entire year, barely able to drink it, practically starving himself due to the taste and his body's near rejection of it. He gorged himself on Harry's blood tonight and should be sleepy, but he couldn't fall asleep – no matter that it was him who had class in the morning. He had almost lost his mate earlier and the fear of that still clung to his heart. Oh, he had dragged Harry away from the exam the moment Mrs Frickshaw said he was done, pulled him through the corridors to his quarters. The sight of his mate in his rooms almost made him lose it – he had pressed Harry into a wall, pinning the teen. Some part of his mind reminded him to speak the words that proved that Harry was no longer a student before kissing him senseless. The whine from Harry as his fang nipped at that delicious lower lip brought him up short – he refused to bond to the teen without his knowledge. It was that determination that almost ended it all. Harry had misunderstood just what he wanted, just what being his mate entailed. He had been lost in a mental world of petrichor, Harry's blood, and finally feeling Harry's skin under his hand when his mate's no caused his world to crash around him. He pictured years of sour blood, barely staving off his hunger the only way he could, destroying any lust and craving left in him. Lying here now, he was glad Harry didn't let him push him out the door. He would never betray the no spoken, but the temptation had been more than he wanted to endure. The teen had been as hard headed as was his wont, and argued. He had fought as any preordained mate would have – denying that anyone else could satisfy his mate. Severus felt the same pull, and when Harry offered his blood once again, he couldn't refuse. Nothing was going to stop him, nothing but the need to reassure his mate. Relief let him explain just how wrong Harry was about only being wanted as a blood bank. The rest of the afternoon and evening was a set of memories that were even better than every one of his dreams this year. With his eyelids drifting down, Severus tugged the covers over them both. Tomorrow morning would be soon enough for a shower, and then he would face leaving his newly bonded to face a bunch of dunderheads, but he could do it. Harry would be waiting for him when he returned.