you need it. Go over the curriculum today and tomorrow and make sure you know what you are teaching." Everyone nodded, and the meeting continued. §§§§§§§ After the meeting, Severus returned to his office and the mound of paperwork sitting on it. An owl flew in, dropping another load of post onto the top of the rest. Quickly moving them off the already sorted piles, he treated the bird and then scanned through what was delivered. At the bottom was a copy of the Daily Prophet and the special edition of Potions Quarterly – he received his a day before the stand release as promised. Studying the picture that the periodical had chosen for the cover, he silently decided that the editor had made a fine choice. It was one that the photographer had randomly snapped of him working in a lab while in Greece. Tidwell's right arm and leg were visible on the edge but the editor had mainly covered that up with words about what was on the inside. Quickly reading the list, he wasn't sure he wanted to read it but knew he would. He had promised the reporter dire consequences if his position at Hogwarts was mentioned in there. The list of articles contained interviews from the master who trained him and some of his fellow apprentices, and members of his Guild House. There was an entire section devoted to the eighth-ranked masters and their impressions on him. The bulk of the periodical was about him – who he was, what he had invented and modified, his opinion on the up and coming on the potions community, techniques he preferred, and so on. They got their information through researching him and from his interview – the one that Tidwell had commented about at the meeting. Potions Quarterly wasn't the only ones to send reporters and photographers to follow him about. The High Guild Council had called in the media from the entire world. Most of them only attended a press conference where they asked him simple questions. Luckily he had caught Rita Skeeter and her entourage before it. With just a few words, he secured a private interview with her. She had still attended the press conference but didn't ask anything. Flipping open the Daily Prophet he blinked at Skeeter's headline. Is Headmaster Severus Snape destined to be another Salazar Slytherin? A smile curled his lips. Skeeter hit the nail on the head – that was his main goal. The Potions Guild announced that Severus Snape achieved his ninth rank and is the only ninth rank in the entire world! When we talked, Headmaster Snape said he would continue to strive to obtain the elusive tenth rank – the highest awarded by the Potions Guild. The last Master to have received it was Salazar Slytherin himself. Does the Headmaster have a chance? Skimming the rest of the article, he let his smile broaden. Running beside his interview was an interview of Master Albright by Skeeter as well. The Head of the Guild Branch explained that the branch had kept quiet about Severus' rank so as not to let You-know-who about it. He then proceeded to quote what Severus told them before he had left for Greece. Flipping the paper closed, he glanced back at the Potions Quarterly. Skeeter had asked why he had offered her a private interview, but he never bothered to explain it to her. In truth, it was quite simple. The entire past two wars had been a tempest in a teapot – bad for the people in the teapot and watched by the ones outside the teapot. The rest of the world heard the name Voldemort, knew things were getting ugly in the UK but didn't have the specifics. His name had never appeared in the papers outside of the British ones, not even when he killed Albus. The fall of the Ministry took precedence over the change of leadership at Hogwarts internationally. By cornering Skeeter, he kept his doings out of the international press, and also kept Hogwarts out of it as well. Last thing he need was to be constantly bothered by dunderhead Potions Masters while he was attempting to run the school. §§§§§§§ Sinking into his seat in Filius' office, Severus set three potion vials onto the table next to the scotch bottle, and then offered his copy of Potions Quarterly to Filius. Minerva poured him a glass as Pomona came in carrying her tin of biscuits. Filius looked at the periodical, grinned, and then glanced over all of them before speaking. "Are we going to include Sinistra as she is taking over Slytherin?" "Are you going to exclude me as I'm now Headmaster?" Severus countered. He knew Filius would read and share the periodical soon. "No, to both," Pomona set the tin onto the table before taking her seat. "At least, no to Sinistra for now. We've got to get the feel of her as a Head of House. We might eventually invite her, but not now." She turned to look at Severus, her face serious. "And you will never be excluded." "Of course Severus will be invited." Minerva said quickly and then asked, "What will Sinistra bring? She can't come empty handed." Filius turned to Severus. "I agree with Pomona, you won't be excluded – we need your contribution too much, and you're a founding member." He looked at Minerva next. "Too true – we started this group based on contributions, so she will have to come up with something." Glancing at Pomona, he frowned slightly. "Making her wait might be detrimental. She would benefit from seeing her students in our classes and learning the ones she doesn't teach that way." Severus leant forward, setting his glass onto the table. "I hear she has access to some excellent tea cakes that would go perfectly with Pomona's biscuits." The others smiled and silently agreed to call on her tomorrow to see if she would agree to join them.