Ron began, turning back toward his father. "And we're all willing to do this." Hermione grabbed his hand. "No," he shook her away. "There has to be another way." "Afraid not, Harry," George laughed at him. "Besides, why should you always get to have fun?" Fred's words made Arthur roll his eyes. "Now that it's sorted I'll be needing some of this." Moody pulled a tuft of hair from Harry's head. "And we're ready to depart." He dropped the hair into the beaker, swirled it for a few moments before tipping it into six small glasses he conjured. Harry watched bewildered as Fleur moved to take one. "For my sister," she offered as a way of explanation before downing the golden liquid. "You lot are mental." Harry watched as his friends morphed into what he saw in the mirror every day in various states of dress. "Now, you all know who you're to be partnered with," Moody commanded, watching as the six 'Potters' went to their respective adult protector. Hagrid was left smiling at him. Harry smiled weakly in return. HPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHPHP This was the closest Severus had been to Harry in eleven weeks. He gripped the wand in his hand. The door to the Dursleys' house flung open and brooms burst out. They were quickly enveloped by a barrage of curses. The Dark Lord's cackle was heard even over all the screams and Severus could feel his heart crawl its way up his throat. Mundungus had performed as the memory charm ordered him to. Countless 'Potters' soared through the sky on the back of brooms. His mask firmly in place, Severus soared after one of the Potters, firing curses that just fell short. Without the bond in place Severus couldn't tell which one was his real mate, so neither could Voldemort. That one. Severus froze in mid-air. Artemis? Mate is down there, guard him! Severus looked, fury tightening his knuckles. Harry was paired with the half giant! He scanned the mass of people, the multitude of coloured spells. Moody soared pass with a copy pressed against his back. Green flashes of the killing curse exploded around them, and suddenly Severus understood. Voldemort will believe they would have placed Potter with Moody. A motorbike rose into the air, the majority of the Death Eaters leaving it alone, none believing the Order would pair their only hope with a half giant. Severus followed, still firing mediocre hexes into the sky. Harry had changed since Severus had last seen him. His face seemed hardened, his eyes jaded. He wasn't wearing anything warmer than a light sweater, showing Severus that his body had also changed in the passing weeks. Green eyes were scanning the flying figures; not for danger, for Severus. A scream shattered the air. As Severus turned he saw Moody falling through the sky, the clone apparating away. The clones were beginning to separate, drawing some of the fire away, but the majority had doubled back. "Expelliarmus!" Blood fell from his lip as Severus tore into it in frustration. It prevented him from screaming his irritation at Harry's mistake. At once the Death Eaters fell on him and Hagrid, even Voldemort halted in pursuit. He sped up, 'accidently' catching his colleagues in the back with some of his nastier curses. He didn't realise how close he was to Harry until he caught a flash of green eyes. Time slowed as eyes locked. Even though Severus was wearing a mask he knew Harry had recognized him. His mate's face froze as he looked at him, those expressive eyes widening in hurt. Harry began to shake as they hung there, together in this suspended time. Severus had done this to him. He could see himself in Harry, the demons the boy now had lurking behind his eyes. These were fears Severus battled with every day, his morals, his choices in life. He had brought Harry into this conflicted world, stripped him finally of his youthful innocence. There was so much Severus wanted to say, so much he wanted to convey in his eyes. He wanted to snatch Harry away, never letting him out of his sight again. He could feel his fingers leave his broom, almost stretching towards Harry in yearning. I'm sorry; he tried to send across to Harry. I'm sorry I had to put you through this… But he couldn't hear, couldn't understand what Severus tried so desperately to tell him silently. The curse Harry threw caught the shell of his ear. Severus smiled under the mask, returning a curse. Harry understood their positions. "Harry Potter! Today you shall die!" Severus's stomach clenched in agony as he looked upon the face of his master, looming before his mate. Now was not the time to face Voldemort. Things were not in place. "Hedwig!" The anguished cry caught Severus' attention, and he watched the snowy body of Hedwig plummet to the ground, still trapped within her cage. Harry stood facing Voldemort, his face contorted in anger. Voldemort fired a curse, but Harry was quicker erecting a shield like Severus had taught him. It took on a purple shimmer, and Severus watched as Harry's eyes widened in realization. It took only seconds for Harry to act, pulling strength from Severus's own magic. A golden beam reinforced with his own magic burst from Harry's wand, his arm shaking with the intensity of it. The curse struck true, sending Voldemort spiralling out of control. In the few moments of time they had, Harry looked over once again to where Severus was hovering. Had Harry found the note? Had he understood why Severus had done what he did? Severus watched, in slow motion as Harry drew his wand once again pointing it at Severus' chest. There was a bright flash followed by a dull ache of pain, which spread across his chest like caressing fingers. Their nails dug in, ripping skin and Severus was falling… falling through the night sky. Green eyes watched him the entire way. TBC