actually," Draco felt himself say in disbelief. Did he really just agree to this? "I can use it for my homework for Binns." A grin was reaching her eyes and he was realizing that this decision may have been a mistake. "Oh wonderful," Granger smiled, "This is just wonderful. Well it all started...no I can't have you standing here in the family hall. We'll meet in the drawing room in ten minutes; there are a few blank portraits just for this purpose." She didn't wait for him to agree, simply nodded once and then disappeared from view. "She's been quite lonely with Tom and Bellatrix living here," Abraxas told Draco suddenly, causing the boy to look from the now empty frame to his Grandfather, "Tom had even gone so far as to perform a charm locking her into a frame so she was forced to watch herself be tortured on the floor, it was cruel-Tom was just being cruel. I think she just wants to talk to you; she hasn't been able to talk to someone in quite a while..." "What about father?" "He's too ashamed of himself to visit...it really is too bad, Myone is quite a forgiving person; she doesn't blame him. But he's still refusing to speak to her; perhaps after you know everything you can talk to him and convince him to come see her. He's still her son, despite everything." Draco nodded and stood there, he was not expecting today to go this way. "Well get going, she's probably already down there wiggling in her chair in anticipation." Draco nodded once, and turned quickly heading down to the drawing room. His grandfather was right as it turned out, she was already there, fidgeting and wiggling, a brightness on her face that he'd only seen a handful of times and never because she was going to be talking to him. "Oh," she smiled delightedly, clasping her hands in front of her from the 7 foot portrait, making her life-size in the drawing room. The portrait also contained a small loveseat with a decorative rug on the floor, both decorated in Slytherin Colors. He couldn't help but wonder what Granger thought of sitting in a Slytherin room, it then dawned on him that this wasn't Hermione Granger. Hermione Granger was an 18 year old girl who'd threaten to hex him when he attempted to get into their shared bathroom to piss while she was in the shower. Hermione Granger was an 18 year old girl who ran around with Potthead and Weaslebee and rose her hand to answer every question. This woman was Myone Malfoy who was actually excited to see him. She was the one who forgave Lucius Malfoy, something Hermione Granger would never do. This was Myone Malfoy who went to school with the Dark Lord and who apparently knew her well enough to personally despise her. This woman was his Grandmother. He could see the delight on her face as she spotted him and he couldn't help but smile back in return. He nodded once and acknowledged her, "Grandmother." Her smile got impossibly larger at the term which seemed to be contagious, he coughed and hid it quickly, but he was almost positive that she'd spotted it. "Take a seat dear," she smiled, motioning with her hand to the matching loveseat in front of the portrait. He wondered if it was planned that way before quickly realizing that he'd never really put much thought into the fact that there was a painting in the drawing room that was just of a couch; that thought slightly disturbing him. How many other things did he pass on a constant basis and simply ignore. He sat down on the couch and ignored that train of thought. It was easier that way. "Hurry up Brax, you're taking too long. If you don't get your arse in here, I'm starting without you; you were the one that wanted to join us, not the other way around." Draco smirked as she yelled at her husband; one of the most well respected Malfoys for centuries, in her traditional Granger-like way, apparently there was still a little bit of Granger in there. "I'm coming, I'm coming," Draco heard the man huff, before he joined his wife on the couch and lounged back, one arm draping along the back of the couch and behind his wife while the other arm rested on the arm of the couch. Grang...Grandmother sat beside him; back straight with her hands neatly folded on her lap and her ankles crossed. Draco could tell they were happy, despite their situation...being dead. They seemed to find comfort in one another and he knew they were in love. He remembered when his parents were like that, before he'd told his father about the strange boy in Madam Malkins that fateful day in Diagon Alley. Maybe Abraxas was right, maybe he could get his father and grandmother back into each other's good graces; maybe he could get his father to be happy again. "So," she began with a smile, "Where was I...ah yes it all started one day in January..." And there we have ourselves a prologue. Let me know if anything isn't canon besides epilogue. I threw that mostly out the window. I don't mind Ron, but Ron and Hermione just wouldn't work long term. They are way to prone for divorce and I just don't see that as a popular thing in the Wizarding World. I had an old account on Fanfiction that I wanted to use but even after three years it hasn't let me do anything; no responding to PMs, no Doc uploading, no nothing. And I wasn't banned or anything...I still get alerts when someone favorites my stories...I just can't tell them that I can't add to it. I think it's a glitch in my account. I had that account for so many years and now it's garbage. I'm really sad. Oh well...fresh start I guess. ~Shn4zy~