eyes were constantly roving over the room. Lucius bet the boy already had escape routes planned if they moved to quickly to corner him. He noticed Severus had moved to the next gallery over and Lucius staid in this one. The boy walked slowly while throwing him a rather curious look into the gallery that Severus had entered five minutes before. Lucius hung back, the boy was suspicious already and he didn't want to frighten the child. He could clearly see the boy was alone and no guardian was around him. Severus saw the boy's face as he entered the gallery of statues, the boy clearly looked shaken and disturbed by something. He watched as the child took deep breaths and let them out slowly as he shot glances back towards the way he had came. Severus did a silent disillusionment charm on himself so he wouldn't startle the child as he came near the statue which he now stood by. "Calm down, deep breaths." The child whispered softly to himself. "Nothing to worry about unless he follows to the next two halls. If he does, just time to leave. Keep the promise, got to stay hidden, can't be noticed." Severus sent a silencing charm on his shoes so he could follow the boy. He didn't like what he heard already, this boy was hiding from someone and clearly he needed help. Severus followed him and watched his movements. The boy showed signs of abuse in his actions as well a few scars that he just noticed on the boy's arm that wasn't covered by his shirt. They were old and healed, but scars none the less. He saw the boy peer around another statue and he looked toward the door and saw Lucius come in. "Okay, stay calm. Maybe he is really just looking at the sculptures. Nope, he isn't, that is twice now with that look and I don't know what that look is." The boy said softly. Severus noticed the concerned look Lucius had sent the boy. The boy hadn't recognized the look, meaning he had never been shown this look before from someone. He followed the boy who picked up his pace as he looked between three choices for different halls, the boy chose the one on the right and headed to it and this time instead of walking he moved to the wall and put his back side to it as he watched the door. Severus smiled, the boy was partially hidden behind a plant and the bench that was blocking a full escape to the door, but it would also give the boy a clear advantage of watching the watcher. Severus leaned against the wall next to the boy who was barely breathing. The boy clearly had the skill of being quiet and staying hidden, this hadn't been the first time this child had to use this skill, it was too well honed. That in and of itself didn't sit right with him. Lucius walked through the door and walked over to the next set of statues that was across the room before he started looking for the boy. Severus watched as the boy had moved like a cat stalking its prey silently as he headed back out before Lucius saw him. Severus followed the boy who was now walking quickly back the way he had come, clearly in panic and flight mode. Instead of leaving the museum that he thought the boy would do, he went into the gift shop and started looking around. Severus had to move carefully with all the people around and to make sure he didn't knock into anyone. He wanted something that the boy was wearing that he could enchant, he saw the watch and cast a silent tracking charm on the boy's watch. He would be able to locate the boy again. Severus figured he would let the boy enjoy the museum and not chase him out of it, he could find the child later tonight and check up on him. He turned and left the shop to go find Lucius. Harry's heart pounded in his chest. He didn't see the blonde man anymore nor the other one who had been in the room as well. Harry had felt pretty well spooked but he was slowly calming back down now that he had given them the slip. He looked around the shop and came across the watches. The one he had was old and didn't work half the time. This had been on his list of things to get, he picked one up and found the children's shirts as well for the tube. Harry added up the two items in his hand and went to see what the art supplies would cost. He could also get a small drawing pad and a small pack of drawing pencils. He went and paid for the purchases. Harry was pleased that he had enough in his pockets to pay for the purchase. Taking his time he walked out with his bag as he looked around the museum. The artwork was beautiful. He made sure to peer inside the next room to make sure the blonde man wasn't in there before he stepped inside. Harry noted that they were a family. He had seen the blonde man and what he thought might be his wife and his son. The dark haired man was with a woman, but some of the looks he was sending her didn't appear to Harry that he liked her very much. Anytime he ventured into a room they were in he made sure he stuck to a family that had several kids with it so he could blend in. All said and done, he enjoyed the museum. On his way out, Harry discarded his old watch and replaced it with the new one. He tossed the old one in a trash bin that was outside the tube station and went down to head back to the flat.