know what you mean," he blurted out, though a part of him knew she was right, at least on his behalf. "Bullshit!" she screeched, appearing a little demented. Her fingers reached for her wand and Draco gripped the hilt of his defensively, afraid that she was going to start firing curses at him. "Do you think I'm stupid, Draco? Do you think I can't tell?" Another step closer, another step back. "You've lusted after her for years and I've stood by, hoping that it was just a figment of my imagination. Hoping that you would forget about her once we were properly engaged." Draco held up his hands in an attempt to get her to calm down. "Daphne..." It didn't work. If anything, his actions only made her more irritated. "No!" she shrieked, throwing her hands up in the air. "For once, you can fucking listen when I talk to you!" He immediately fell silent, his eyes watching her wand hand quivering slightly. "I want to you to tell me the truth, and if you fucking lie, Merlin have mercy on you because I sure as hell won't. Are you in love with my sister?" Draco opened his mouth but no words came out. His throat had gone dry. A part of him was torn between lying and telling her about his true feelings for Astoria. Either way, he was sure to be hexed into the next century. Daphne was anything but understanding at the best of times. "Well?" "Yes," he muttered. "Yes, I'm in love with Astoria. I've been in love with her since that Christmas Eve two years ago, when I kissed her under the mistletoe. And I kissed her today in the kitchen, when she was preparing that slice for your mother." Daphne's bottom lip quivered dangerously and Draco prepared himself for an outburst. "That little bitch!" Her voice was deathly quiet. "Don't blame Astoria," he told her immediately, holding out his hand as a sort of truce. "It was all me; she didn't want to do anything to upset you. She loves you." Daphne slapped his hand away and glared at him. Liquid shimmered in the depths of her blue eyes and she blinked her lids rapidly. "What about me? We're getting married, for Merlin's sake! I don't care what has happened with Astoria! You and I are staying together... we'll work through this." Draco sighed and shook his head. "No, Daphne. We're not. I can't go through with this anymore." Her eyes widened and she gaped at him. "What? No – we're just having a... rough patch... you'll see – things will turn around." "No, Daphne. I'm done. Our marriage is off." Without another glance at her, he turned on his heel and headed for the door. Daphne lunged for him and grasped his arm. "Draco! Wait, you don't mean that." He shrugged her off and continued walking. "Don't, Daphne. I can't do this. I can't marry someone I have no feelings for." "But think of your family. This is what they want. I'm what they want! It will help both of us – clear our families' dark pasts. Surely, you won't rob your family of this chance to become powerful again?" She was really clutching at straws now and it almost make him laugh at her desperation. She was trying to guilt him into staying. But that wouldn't work. Nothing would. He didn't love Astoria. The arrangement had been made by his parents in a hope that the Malfoy name could restore some sliver of glory. Draco had played no part in the arrangement, and he loathed being treated like a pawn. It wasn't up to his mother to decide who he married. He would have to find that out himself. "Let me go, Daphne. Save your dignity." He left the room, even though it was his own house he was leaving. He didn't care, he just needed to get away from her. "If you walk away, Draco Malfoy, you can never marry me. I hope you know what you are doing." He smiled wryly as he pulled on his travelling cloak. "I hope so too." Not long after he had walked out on Daphne, Draco found himself outside Astoria's flat. He didn't know what he was going to say, but he needed to speak with her – to tell her that things were finally over between him and Daphne. Astoria opened the door timidly and froze when she saw who it was. Draco felt those familiar tingling feelings shudder up his spine at the sight of her. "I left Daphne," he blurted out immediately, before she even had a chance to speak. Her dark eyes widened in shock and she gaped at him. "What do you mean, you left Daphne?" she gasped. "Exactly that," he told her. "I've left her and now I can be with you." Astoria faltered and toyed with the ended of her curly hair, wrapping one chocolate ringlet around her finger. "Draco, I don't know if that's such a good idea. I mean... she's my sister." He sighed in frustration and ran a hand roughly through his hair. "Dammit Astoria, I don't care! I love you. He closed the distance between them in two strides and captured her lips in a searing kiss. She hesitated against him for the briefest of moments, before wrapping her hands around his neck and kissing him back ferociously. Draco walked them backwards into her house and shut the door as he pulled away. The pair stared deeply into each other's eyes, both breathing heavy. Draco noticed the pink colour of her cheeks and smirked smugly. "I love you too," Astoria whispered softly, beaming up at him. He stroked her cheek and brushed some of her hair away from her face. "So what happens now?" He shrugged. "I don't know," he admitted. "But I like not knowing." Astoria smiled and it was then that Draco knew he had made the right decision. ... Fin