them. We will return shortly." And with that, Professor Snape rose from his chair and walked over to the pensive. They stood side-by-side before plunging their faces into the basin. When they reemerged almost 20 minutes later they looked very serious and grave. "Professors?" Hermione asked. Dumbledore sat down with a heavy sigh in the chair behind his desk. Snape stood behind him. "Miss Granger, Mr. Weasley, I am going to have to ask you to refrain from sharing certain elements of your memory with the authorities when they come. We cannot allow it to be common knowledge that Harry Potter is the son of a dark wizard." "Then you believe Black? He really is Harry's father?" Ron asked. He had been nearly silent for most of the night. Dumbledore turned to look at Ron. "I believe it is a possibility. Sirius Black was a very dear friend of Lily and James Potter. He was also, in his youth, and extraordinarily handsome and charismatic young man. It is not beyond the realm of possibility that Lilly might have… That she could have succumbed to his charms." Snape gave a derisive snort and tossed his hair at the description of Black. The four discussed the memory at length until they were finally interrupted by a ministry official come to investigate the events of the night and the surprising appearance of Peter Pettigrew. ~.~.~.~.{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}{}.~.~.~.~ Ron and Hermione were sitting in the headmaster's office for the sixth time in so many hours. They were explaining what happened in the shack to what felt like the 100th person. This time it was to the head of Magical Law Enforcement. "No, like I said, the dog dragged me there," Ron said, exasperated. "...and by the dog, you mean Black. Who I am supposed to believe is an unregistered animagus, that Harry Potter has seen several times this year on the school grounds." The ministry official scoffed. "Exactly, and then Harry and I followed them through the tunnel under the Whomping Willow to the Shrieking Shack," Hermione added. "Where Black transformed back into a man and had Pettigrew with him." The ministry official continued. "Well, no. I mean, Scabbers had been living with us for years. So, I guess, technically I had him," stammered Ron. "So you were the one harboring a Death Eater? Were you also the one who killed him?" It had taken a while to convince the authorities that Pettigrew was the Death Eater, but the faint dark mark on his arm seemed to convince them eventually. "You can't be serious! For the millionth time, Black killed Pettigrew! He killed him, then he grabbed Harry, then they disapparated. Then, Professor Lupin got there and started fixing me up. Then Snape came and gave Professor Lupin a drink, for some reason, and we all came back to the castle." Ron explained. Hermione started to look nervous and fidget in her chair in front of Professor Dumbledore's desk. Looking not at all convinced, the head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement sent them back to Gryffindor tower. He turned to Dumbledore who had been sitting quietly, patiently waiting for the children's interrogation to end. "Well, it's the same story that they told the last three officers I sent. I don't really know what you and the minister expect me to do at this point. The tracer on Potter's wand isn't picking anything up. Either he's left the country, Black has snapped his wand, or it's been abandoned. We simply have no way of tracing him. I'm sorry Albus, but he's gone... and considering who captured him, he may very well be dead." "That's not good enough! He's the boy who lived. Don't you understand? We need him!" Dumbledore said, voice rising as he stood. The DMLE head sat down in Ron's vacated chair, staring glumly at the floor. "Albus, I understand well enough. He may have defeated Voldemort when he was a baby, but the ministry has no more tools to find him than any other lost teenager. We will keep a lookout for him, but that's all we can do. My hands are tied." ~.~ Chapter End Notes Author's Note: Thank you for clicking on my story. I appreciate your interest and hope that you enjoy the story. I know that this first chapter seems to be … basically a C&P of the climax of the second and third books… it gets better from here lol! I just needed to establish a few events before the story really started. Please give it a couple chapters before judging it too hard :) This is my first fic. I would like to give you fair warning. I have been told there are spelling errors that are very annoying to some readers. I am dyslexic and I honestly do not see the errors when I am staring at them. If you feel the need to tell me when you see typing/spelling errors, please be kind enough to limit yourself to private messaging rather than reviewing and please point out exactly where the errors you find offensive are. This way I can fix them for you. Simply posting a review that my spelling is poor and that I should proofread is unhelpful (it's bullying) and counterproductive as it only serves to make me sad and want to give up. I have a team of betas (See my profile for a list of these wonderful people! They are fabulous!) but this is a big project and I can use all the help I can get. If you like the story and would like to beta, please private message me. If you like the story and you would like to offer to beta one, two, or a handful of chapters, please private message me. Also, I would love input on how readers would like the story to progress so please feel free to review with suggestions. I hope that you continue to read (and review) and enjoy the story.