me by my name. You always called me Granger." "And you've always called me Malfoy. But you don't have to. You can call me Draco." "I-I'm not sure I want to," she said shaking her head. "Why not? You don't like my name?" he wondered. "No, the name is fine. But then it'll seem like we really are friends or something. And we're not. I don't even know why I'm here with you tonight," she stammered awkwardly. "You're here because you had nothing better to do. You don't have to make it a thing. I know you don't like me," he said with a tinge of disappointment in his voice as he sipped more of his beer. "I could have still said no. I guess I just wondered what it'd be like to spend the evening with you." "Really?" "Yeah." "Why?" "I don't know the answer to that question," she admitted with a laugh. "You're just sort of a mystery to me. Maybe I thought I'd get some answers if I went out with you?" "What kind of answers are you looking for? I'm sort of an open book. Ask me anything," he offered holding his arms open wide to welcome her questions. "Why me? Why tonight? Why not just go alone?" she shot back quickly. "Good question. I do not know the answer to that either. I suppose I just wanted to see what an evening with you would be like too?" he echoed her earlier sentiments about him. "So then neither of us really knows what the hell we're doing here right?" she chuckled softly. "Not entirely, no." "I need another drink," she said after a long pause where they both just stared at each other uncomfortably. They called over the waitress and he ordered another beer and she another glass of wine. Then they just sat in silence for a bit. Neither of them knowing exactly what to say. Finally when the drinks arrived, Draco spoke again. "So do you want to play pool?" he offered her just to have something to say. "Are you as good at pool as you are at darts?" she asked with a grin. "I'm not bad. I'm not saying I'm good, but I've been known to win a few times." "You're going to wipe the floor with me, aren't you?" "Probably." "Fine, let's play," she said getting up from the table and walking over to the pool area. They got their game set up and played for a while until Draco did inevitably win. But it was a close game. And Hermione found herself having a lot of fun with him. They'd give each other shit and try to knock each other's shots to hell. But they were laughing the entire time. When Draco won, Hermione threw her pool cue down and cursed under her breath. "Damn it! You stupid fucker!" she muttered. "What did you just say?" he laughed at her crude language because he was surprised she knew words like that. "You heard me. You fucker. I can't believe I lost!" she pouted about it. "I didn't know you knew how to swear," he chuckled. "Of course I do. I'm not eleven anymore, in case you hadn't noticed. Plus I went out with Ron and his mouth will scare the sailors away. I learned a lot of bad words from him," she said with a goofy smile as she was starting to feel slightly tipsy from her wine. "Well good, then I can swear in front of you and not worry about it. I was policing my mouth somewhat. But I learned to talk like a Muggle spending all my time in dives like this. It's hard to go back to being a proper gentlemen. I wish I could see my father's face when I drop an F-bomb in his direction but I don't have the stones to do it. I pretend to be a very good boy around him. If only he knew." "I would love to be a fly on the wall when you called your dad a name he deserves." "Yeah like a motherfucking racist snob?" Draco laughed. "Exactly! That's what I was thinking to call him," she giggled back at him. "If only." "I'd call him that if I saw him again. He can't take my money away from me." "True. Although I'd hate to subject you to him. I know he's probably one of your least favorite people." "Definitely up there in the top five, yeah. You used to make the list too," she informed him. "I did? How am I ranking now? Still up there?" he asked with a raised eyebrow. "No, I think you're sort of okay, Malfoy. I had a good time tonight," she confessed feeling surprised. "I had a good time too," he nodded his head in agreement. And for a minute they both just stood there together staring into each other's eyes. It was the most uncomfortable moment, but at the same time, neither of them could look away. But finally Hermione averted her eyes and looked at her shoes. She didn't know what was happening between them or why she'd even gone out with him to begin with. But she meant what she said. She kind of sort of liked him a little. He was nothing like she remembered. And for his part, he found himself just wanting to be in Hermione's company. She was pretty and amusing to him. Especially when she was swearing, because he'd never seen that side to her. And he liked it. She was always so untouchable to him, but now she was feeling a little more human. They weren't so different after all really. And they both realized that as they stood there in the bar not saying a word. They just knew they both had fun. And maybe they'd even do it again? Stranger things have happened. To be continued…. Please leave feedback! I love reviews! They keep me writing faster….