address Fudge's question: "You see, a couple of months ago, I found that uniform at the edge of the Forbidden Forest, and gathered that it must have belonged to Sirius Black. Since Mr. Lupin is trained in the Dark Arts, I brought it to him in hopes that he would be able to tell me if it contained any sort of dark magic, and therefore by definition any sort of clue where Black might be hiding. Unfortunately, he wasn't able to do so." Dumbledore then turned to Remus, "Since its important that we stay on top of this matter, I would like to give this to Severus to see if he might be able to uncover…" here he looked at Fudge, then at Umbridge, "…any secrets it might possess." Fudge and Umbridge looked at each other and frowned. Slowly, Fudge released the uniform. "Well then," he said, clapping Remus on the forearm. "I do apologize for any inconvenience we may have caused you. No hard feelings, I hope." "Of course not," Remus replied, his voice edged with sarcasm. "I just had the most lovely idea," Umbridge simpered. "Why don't the Minister and I help you put all of this right and then join you for Christmas dinner?" "I think you'd better leave," Dumbledore said, while Kia and Remus glared at her. "Both of you." Umbridge looked affronted as she stepped outside. Fudge crammed his lime green bowler hat on his head, muttering as he slammed the door behind him. For a few minutes nobody spoke. Finally, Dumbledore went to the door and stuck his head outside… "They're gone," he said simply, locking and latching the door behind them. Kia buried her head in her hands, sobbing with relief while Remus transformed Buckbeak back into a hippogriff. Sirius resumed his human form and looped his arm around her shoulder. "Ki," he said simply. "It will be okay, baby. I promise! It will be okay." She embraced him, buried her face in his shoulder, and clung to him for dear life. "I don't understand," Remus said. "How did you…" "Kingsley Shacklebolt sent me an owl saying that he'd overheard them planning to search a home in Hogsmeade for information regarding a matter that had caused a great deal of embarrassment to the Ministry," Dumbledore said. "I put two and two together and came here to warn you." "How can we ever thank you?" Kia said. "Well, I can see that the goose is ruined," Dumbledore replied. "But if I could talk you out of a slice of that lemon tart, and maybe a small Sherry…" "Of course," Kia said. "But I'm afraid we don't have any Sherry. Only Port…" "That will do nicely," Dumbledore assured her. Remus waved his wand, clearing away the dinner dishes and leaving only those necessary for dessert. Sirius turned on the tea kettle, and Kia retrieved the glasses and the wine. "Dumbledore finished his tart, took a sip of Port, then looked directly at Sirius: "Is there any way at all that I can persuade you to do the prudent thing?" "I've already told you I'm not going back to Grimmauld Place," Sirius replied. "You'd be safer there," Dumbledore said. "And your family can no longer…" "There's still that bloody house-elf!" Sirius reminded him. "And my mother's portrait. No…just no." "Are there any more charms we can put on this house?" Kia asked. "Or maybe on my flat?" "See, that's the trouble," Dumbledore said, "As I'm sure you've realized, the Ministry has been keeping an eye on both you and Remus, and will continue to do so for as long as Sirius is at large. Whether he stays here or at your flat, there's always a chance he'll be discovered. "But Grimmauld Place has been charmed in such a way that the Ministry cannot access it. From what I understand it's a complex charm…with a bit of dark magic involved, but he would be safe there, and the two of you would be able to visit him, or even move in if you like." Sirius rested his forehead in his hand and shook his head. "I can't" he said simply. "I just can't." Dumbledore sighed. "I'll look into some stronger charms then, for the time being. But you may wish to keep the option in mind, if only as a last resort." Dumbledore left. Sirius, Remus, and Kia ate what was left of their dinner and gave the ruined goose to Buckbeak. None of them said much, and Sirius could tell that they were worried. If the truth were to be known, he was worried as well. Not for himself. He'd been through hell and back, and although he would never be the quite the same as he was before, he was beginning to feel better with every passing day. But he couldn't allow Remus and Kia to risk any more on his behalf. And he wouldn't go back to Grimmauld Place. There was only one place worse as far as he was concerned, and was Azkaban. He waited until Kia was asleep, then untangled himself from her arms and slipped downstairs, transformed Buckbeak, and put him into a gift bag. Then he found a pen and a piece of paper and scribbled out a note: " Please burn this after you read it. I know what the green one and the pink one are capable of and I won't put either of you in danger. Please don't search for me. I'll be in contact as soon as the dust settles. I love you both." He left the note on the table and changed into his prison uniform. He saw the cloak Harry had given him hanging on the coat rack and draped it around his shoulders, thankful that Hermione had suggested the gift. He cracked the door, then assumed his animagus form. Then, he took the gift bag which held Buckbeak in his mouth, and headed back towards the mountains from whence he came. ~Finite Incantatem