immediately let go and took a step back. James stepped forward a bit, arm raised as if to put it on Sirius' shoulder, but thought better of it. Remus had also come closer but only looked at Sirius in concern. "Don't-" Sirius choked out, "Don't do that again." "I won't, I'm sorry," Marlene responded quickly, "I should've realized you were-" James quickly covered her mouth, giving the tiniest of glares. "My dad used to tell me," Remus began tentatively, "that there's some lady that brings around candy during the train ride…" "That's a great idea! I'll buy us all something, as an acquaintance, hopefully future friend." James lowered his hand, Marlene looked ashamed of herself. "Perhaps I will stay in here," Remus answered the question from not long ago. "You all seem like an interesting bunch." Sirius gave a choked laugh. The two of them quickly made their way from the compartment, only to return several long minutes later with a small worn and torn trunk. James looked out the window, pretending not to notice. Marlene bit her lip and stared. She wanted to say something, but after what happened with Sirius, she didn't trust herself. Together-though there was really only need for one-the two boys lifted the trunk onto the rack and then sat down. Remus sat awkwardly in the corner near the door, as if preparing to bolt. Holding himself with regained confidence, Sirius sat next to the window but he eyed everyone wearily. James sat on the other bench, close to the window but contemplating when he should start rambling. And Marlene wondered if she should move into a similar position as Remus, just to clear the tension. "Mars," James finally said, "you still haven't opened your gift. I'm prepared enough to open for you. If you don't want to, that is." The only girl in the room glared at him, "Of course I want to open it, James. It's my gift." Bending down from the bench, the blonde looked under the seat. The pink box with the white ribbon had fallen over as an aftermath of Marlene and Sirius jumping from seat to seat. It lay on its side, the bow having come untied. Picking it up gingerly, the girl placed it on her lap and delicately began to peel off the paper." "Your upbringing is showing through," Sirius said, acting as if nothing had happened. The only reply he received was a tongue. Once the wrapping paper had been taken off, a rectangular white glossy box was left. The top was soon thrown off, hitting James in the face. Marlene paused all her actions and stared inside. It was medium sized, she supposed, for what it was. And was black with long circular lens that protruded from the center. There were several little buttons and one large one near the bottom that was a pale blue. It most definitely did not look like it belonged. "What is it?" James asked, bouncing on his bum. "Well, I'm certain it's a camera, but there's this blue button that I don't think goes there." "There's a letter," Remus pointed to the back of the box. Marlene picked it up and began to read. "Out loud if you well." ` She rolled her eyes. "You're such a baby, James," but she cleared her throat anyhow and began to read- " Dear Marley McMisty-" Marlene rolled her eyes at the nickname she had received when she was five, "- and Jamesickle (who we know will be reading over the shoulder), This is a muggle camera. That mean that whenever you take a photo, they will not move, or talk, or respond, in any way-" " My mum has one of those," Remus interrupted. "Shush," Sirius replied. " -The odd thing though, is that whenever you press the blue button that Uncle Alfred-" "I have an Uncle Alphard." "That's nice." " -added in, the next twenty or so photos that you take will be colored. Of course, you can always concoct a potion to make the photo's move, but we wanted you to be able to capture things in the moment. You don't have to charge it either. The closer it is to magic, the more it can be used. Photos-of course-come out near the bottom. Also, the paper used for the photo is in the even tinier pink pocket-sized box beside the camera. It's hooked up to its 'twin' over here so that Dad or I can refill it anytime and it'll pop over here. Vice Versa. There are charms to keep it from getting broken or smashed, though dad will more than likely have to redo the charms each year. "Keep me updated on what's happening over there. Both of you. I'm always open to receiving letters from you, James. You know I'll reply. "Love, Adam." Flipping the card over, there was a large pink heart drawn on the front. "That's so cool! I've always wanted something muggle, but Mum and Dad never go out into the muggle world." Sirius snorted at James, "My parents would kill me if I ever did." Marlene bounced up to her feet and set the box on the seat. "Where's the lid?" Someone tossed it at her and she placed it neatly behind the box at an angle, then she placed the card-heart side up- in the box and lifted the camera out. "What on earth are you doing, McKinnon?" "Well, it's a camera, yes? So I've decided to take a picture. My first ever." "I figured, but why all the moving and repositioning?" "It has to look nice, that's why. Now hush! I'm trying to concentrate. The Picture-as it would later be deemed-was finally taken. Twice. Once with the letter unopened and the second with it unfolded. "There," Marlene said, satisfied. She held to photographs in her hand. "Now where to place these?" No one answered. Sitting in silence. Yes, Marlene thought, Hogwarts would be gaining plenty of awkward people this year.