where his head was. "Put those on for now, but buy your own for next time!" Draco wished he could just literally die for what had to be the fifth time that day. At least the clothes seemed to be clean, albeit wrinkled. How had this become his life? The first order of business was to visit the widow of the man who had fallen from the office building. Draco sat on a couch beside Harry in her revoltingly lavender sitting room, and wondered if he'd ever been a part of anything so bloody surreal. There were little framed photos of every ugly toy poodle that the woman had ever owned on every flat surface in the room – the walls, the tables, etc. It reminded him so much of Umbridge's office that it made him literally nauseous. It was no wonder the poor bloke had offed himself. And, to top it all off, he was wearing Harry fucking Potter's pants that were just a little too tight in the crotch. Potter just sat there, feeding the woman some story about how they were paranormal investigators who wanted to research the circumstances concerning her husband's death. It wasn't entirely a lie. Draco squirmed uncomfortably and stared at the odd little brass Kirin statue above the mantle. It was the only thing in the room that wasn't pink or lavender. He wondered if he could cast the killing curse on himself. At least it would be over quickly, and maybe painlessly. "Isn't that right, Draco?" Draco blinked and stared blankly at Harry. "Yes, of course." He said smoothly, not entirely sure what he was agreeing to. Maybe, if he was lucky, Potter had been talking about how good of an idea it would be to go back to the Ministry now. Or, maybe that he should just obliviate himself so he never had to remember wearing Potter's pants. "So, we'll talk to the next family and see where to go from there." Harry said, ushering Draco out of the house. "You could at least try to contribute!" He hissed once they were outside. "I'm wearing your bloody pants!" Draco snapped as Harry vanished into thin air, apparating to the next location without him. "You absolute wanker!" He shouted and followed. "What the hell do pants have to do with anything?" Harry demanded as they made their way up a somewhat isolated looking side street. This muggle was a little more well off and lived in what looked to be a Victorian style mansion complete with gaudy lion statues lining the driveway. Old money, Draco reasoned and fell into step beside Harry. Apparently muggles weren't so different from wizards when it came to showing off wealth and status. He poked the nose of one of the two huge granite lion statues guarding the front door with his index figure. "Pants have everything to with it, especially when the seams are squeezing the life out of your bollocks!" Draco growled under his breath. Harry made a gagging noise and took a few steps away from Draco. "Never mention your bollocks to me again. Also, keep those pants because if you give them back to me I'm going to light them on fire." "Is that how you deal with all your problems, Potter? Light them on fire? Like the Prophet this morning?" Draco drawled. "Shut up, Malfoy!" Harry barked and rang the bell. "I'm not gay." He added in a whisper. "For someone who's 'not gay' you care an awful lot about my bollocks." Draco quipped without missing a beat. "Just shut up!" Harry repeated, red in the face. Draco barely managed not to laugh, but there was no helping the smug expression on his face. After ringing the bell a few times, they agreed that no one was home and decided to sneak inside and have a look. Draco cast a quick charm to check for anything living nearby, but the mansion was empty. Slowly, he followed Harry who apparently had no concept of self-preservation and had simply walked right in through the front door. The place reminded him somewhat of his own home – Antiques everywhere, and paintings that covered every inch of the walls. The paintings didn't move, of course, or remind him of how much of a disgrace he was to the Malfoy name at every given opportunity. It was almost unnerving that they were still. "We're never going to find anything in all this crap." Harry complained. "I don't know; they're obviously an old family and maybe collectors of some sort. It's possible there could be something cursed in here, or old magical items." Draco supplied, and tapped his wand lightly against one of the many paintings. It was a portrait of a stern looking old man in a muggle business suit. He continued to stare lifelessly back at Draco. Draco scowled at him and turned around. "You take the ground floor, I'll have a look upstairs." He suggested. "Whatever." Harry mumbled and headed into what looked like the drawing room. Draco made his way up the stairs cautiously, casting a silencing charm before he set foot on them. The very top one still creaked. He decided that he hated this house. It was dusty, smelled of mildew, and something else. ...Something else he was trying to pretend he didn't recognize. One thing was certain, no one had been here in some time. Perhaps the unfortunate owner hadn't actually lived in the mansion. Uncertainly, Draco pushed open the closed door of the master bedroom and stepped into near total darkness. "Lumos," He mumbled and pointed his wand into the room. ...And almost screamed like a little girl at the sight before him. There was a dead body in the middle of the floor, contorted into a horrible position. She hadn't been there long, maybe a day or two, but not long enough to really start to decompose. "Potter! Get up here!" Draco called from the top of the stairs.