stepped daintily over the mess and strode out of the Hall after Malfoy, and her words echoed in Harry's memory. I didn't think even you were that dense. "Oh," he said, understanding suddenly, " Oh ." He dropped his toast and jumped to his feet, hauling his bag onto his shoulder. "Sorry, Ron, I, uh, I gotta go." He caught up to them in the next corridor, gasping for breath, the air burning through his lungs. "You idiot !" he shouted, grabbing Malfoy by the shoulder and ignoring Pansy entirely, "Why didn't you tell me that's how you felt?" Malfoy glared at him. "You should have known, " he said petulantly, voice small and drowned in hurt. Harry laughed, relieved. "Yeah, well," he said, "I'm a Gryffindork, remember? We're pretty dense." Pansy slapped him — hard. "Ow! What the - what the hell was that for?" Pansy ignored him. "You OK, Draco?" He waved her off. "Yeah, yeah, I'm fine," he said, but he never took his eyes off Harry, as if he feared he might disappear. Harry smirked at him. "So… can I kiss you now?" Malfoy rolled his eyes. "That is not how I want to come out, thanks ever so." His hand shot out suddenly, wrapping around her wrist. "Come on, Pansy. We've plotting to do." Harry watched them go, feeling a little lost, until Malfoy looked over his shoulder imperiously. "Well? Are you coming, Potter?" He grinned. "Not yet, but I'm sure you could do something about that." He trotted after them, ignoring Pansy's exaggerated retching sounds. Harry cleared his throat nervously. "So… we're really doing this?" He adjusted his tie, fumbling it between suddenly sweaty fingers. Malfoy glared at him. "Are you telling me that you've changed your mind again , Potter?" "No," Harry said hurriedly, "of course not. I just know how difficult this is going to be. I mean," he added weakly, under Malfoy's withering glare, "it's me. And, well, you. And everyone is going to pester us, and ask a million questions, and we won't have a minute's peace, and—" Malfoy cut off the flow of words by pressing a quick kiss to his lips. "And we've got the invisibility cloak, and the map, and I'm the dreaded ex-Death Eater, and you're the bloody Chosen One — you can just wave your hand or something and say 'let me be, peasants' and they'll have to leave us alone." Harry snorted, but felt the jitters in his stomach ease. "I love you, you know. You insufferable prat." He stilled, startled at the words that had just slipped out, quite against his will, and Malfoy positively froze, his gray eyes going wider than Harry had ever seen them. And then he crashed their mouths together in what was most definitely the best kiss of Harry's life. "I love you, too, you impossible Gryffindork idiot," he said fondly, eyes dancing with laughter. "Now, come on, before you mess up your tie. Again ." He paused. "It suits you, you know," he said awkwardly. Then he grinned. "I always knew you'd look good in Slytherin green." Harry laughed. "Liar. Though I must admit that Gryffindor red looks much more dignified on you than anyone else I've seen." "Naturally," Malfoy said, preening. "Come on, prat," Harry said fondly, lacing their fingers together and tugging him into the Great Hall. There was no reaction. Well, a few people stared, and there was a bit of pointing and gaping, and quite a lot of whispering, but… Nothing like Harry had expected. He felt oddly wrong-footed. When they reached the Gryffindor table, Ron scooted down the bench to make room for them, then patted Harry on the head as, not knowing what else to do, he sat, pulling Malfoy down with him. "Knew you were in love, mate," he said cheerfully around a mouthful of bacon. "Ron!" Hermione scolded, "Don't talk with your mouth full! It makes you look like a heathen! Hullo, Harry, Draco." Harry knew he was bright red, and his only consolation was that Malfoy was, too. He was adorable, in fact. Harry couldn't help kissing him on the cheek, and there was a chorus of "awwwww," and then Seamus leaned around Dean to slap Harry on the back. "Did you think we didn't know, mate?" he asked, shaking his head. Ginny nodded vigorously from across the table. "Yeah, Harry, you've been kinda obvious." He sighed. "I hate you all," he said, with rather more fondness than he meant, because Malfoy was leaning against his side, and he was soft and warm, and not really pointy at all. Malfoy was already deep in discussion with Hermione over last night's Potions reading — which Harry hadn't bothered to do yet — and talking about their last study session, and when did that happen? He stared at Ron, peacefully munching through more food than any one person should have been able to eat. "So… you're really not mad?" Ron shrugged. "I mean, I personally think you're off your rocker for choosing him , but… Nah, mate. We're happy for you, really. 'Specially after the past week. No offense, but you've been hell to be around." "Yeah," Ginny added, "a real downer." "Thanks," Harry said drily, stealing a slice of bacon off her plate. She swatted at him good-naturedly as he crunched into it happily. "Rude," she said. Then, after studying him for an uncomfortable moment, chin propped on her hand, she said, "Green suits you." Harry grinned. He was… content. He looked over at the Slytherin table, out of habit, even though he knew Malfoy wasn't there, and he met Pansy's gaze. She gave him what he now realized was a mock glare, and then lifted her coffee mug in silent toast before turning back to her conversation with Blaise. Malfoy's fingers curled around his under the table, squeezing softly, and he squeezed them back. He supposed he could do with a bit of contentment, after everything. ~The End~