was dead set on keeping the one I had" Harry continued. Hermione pulled the messy haired boy into a hug. "It's alright Harry, I don't blame you at all," she said. "I promise to take your side more often and to listen to you more" Harry vowed. /Scene Break/ The rest of the summer went well as Harry and Hermione spent every day together making their bond grow in strength even though they had no idea they were doing just that. What also happened was that Harry started to take his academics more seriously and made a change from just Divination and added Arithmancy and Ancient Runes to it. They discussed Muggle Studies and Hermione decided to drop it and they sent letters to Professor McGonagall so she could make the proper changes. Harry was also was having the best summer of his life. He went to a lot of places that he's heard about and he felt that this was better then being at the Burrow. Hermione enjoyed having a friend over since she never had one over before and the fact that it was Harry made it better. She always felt a strong connection with the green-eyed messy haired boy ever since she met him on the train. She did all she could to be close to him, but was always forced back by a certain redhead, but that all changed Halloween night. That night changed her life, she thought that she'd never have a friend and it'll a be a repeat of her primary school days. But that changed when a troll appeared in the bathroom and she thought she was as good as dead that's when he came. Harry Potter came there to save her. After that she stuck close to him in hopes to repay the debt she owed. She read about life debts and knew she owed Harry one. She didn't owe one to Ron since he was the reason why she was in danger and you couldn't make a life debt if you're the one who caused the one to be in danger in the first place. /Scene Break/ It was a week and a half before Harry and Hermione had to leave for Hogwarts and with the Grangers they decided to stay at the Leaky Cauldron. "This is so great Harry, we're going to have the same classes" Hermione said smiling. "I know, but what do you think Ron's going to do?" Harry asked. "He'll be upset, but that shouldn't worry you, Harry. You've always been selfless. I think you need to be selfish once and awhile" Hermione said. Harry nodded. "Alright now that's settled let's see what's in these books" Hermione said. Harry had to laugh as he watched Hermione pour over all the new information that was right in front of her. He could see how her eyes sparkled as she read this new information and wondered if he could somehow bring that out in her himself. He noticed how she bit her bottom lip as she read, which made him want to kiss her. This made thought made him stop in his tracks. Kiss Hermione? Do I want to really kiss Hermione? he thought. /Scene Break/ The Weasleys showed up with the usual chaos that comes when the group of redheads make an appearance anywhere. "Hey mate" Ron greeted. "Hey Ron, how was Egypt?" Harry asked. "Great, it's nice to go somewhere new, so how was your summer?" Ron said. "Excellent, I spent it with Hermione" Harry said smiling. Ron frowned for a second, but immediately smiled quickly hoping for the two not to notice. Sadly for him Hermione did and she knew what it was about. She knew that Ron fancied her a bit, but she never saw him in that light and probably never will as she knew that all they ever do was argue and that wasn't a sturdy basis for a good relationship. Now Harry on the other hand, she could see as he cared for her for one and that and they got along so well. "Come on, we better get going since Ron still needs to get his books for the year" Hermione said. Harry nodded and followed with Ron right behind him. /Scene Break/ The trio entered the Magical Menagerie so Hermione can get a familiar while Ron stopped off by the counter to get Scabbers checked. "See anything that tickles your fancy?" Harry asked. Hermione shook her head, but her eyes never left the animals. "NO CROOKSHANKS!" the shopkeeper shouted. Harry and Hermione turned around to find a clawed paw stretch from its cage and try to scalp Ron. "Bloody hell" Ron screamed as he tried to cover his head and protect Scabbers at the same time. He then ran out of the shop like a bat out of hell. "I'll go check on Ron, you stay here and find your pet" Harry said to Hermione. Hermione nodded. Outside Harry found Ron trying to console a terrified Scabbers. "It's alright Scabbers that thing won't hurt you" Ron said calmly. "You alright Ron?" Harry asked. "Yeah, but poor Scabbers, look" Ron said pitifully. Harry saw that the rat had more bald spots on its body and looked skinner than ever. Just then Hermione came out carrying a wicker case and a big grin on her face. When the two boys found out what Hermione got for a familiar Ron was livid. "You bought that monster!" Ron shouted. "Crookshanks isn't a monster Ron, he's just misunderstood" Hermione said. Ron glared at the wicker case muttering something about hexes. "Come on Ron, Crookshanks is a cat and cats go after rats" Harry said. "You're taking her side?" Ron accused. "I'm not taking any side, I'm just stating a fact" Harry said with a sigh. This didn't sit well with Ron and he stormed off back to the Leaky Cauldron with Harry and Hermione following behind. A/N: tell me what you think of this one.