got to Simone and Potter, "What is the meaning of this? I was pulled from overseeing an exam to find fifth years—a few of my own, might I add—fighting like children. This is hardly the appropriate behavior for young adults. Now I demand an explanation this instance!" James began his spiel before anyone else could say a thing, "It's not what it looks like, Professor. We were only playing around when these two," he gestured to Simone and Severus, "butted in and tried to start something with us." Sirius jumped in enthusiastically, "That's right, Professor. Snape is always causing trouble for us and it looks like Serapeum has decided to take a page out of his book and come at us too." Simone rolled her eyes again, this time so dramatically and hard that no one would have been surprised to see them rolled out of the girl's head. McGonagall cocked an eyebrow at James, "Mr. Potter, I assure you that I am no fool. If you expect me to believe you and your friends didn't have a hand in this dispute at all then prepare to be sorely disappointed. Now how about someone try telling me the truth this time?" "Potter and his cronies were just doing what they do best, Professor," Simone was all too glad to explain, "harassing someone two on one when they have their guard down, purely for kicks and giggles." "That's not true!" James insisted. "Yeah, she's lying," Peter simpered. It didn't go without notice that the portly young lad was trying to use James and Sirius as shields while he antagonized Simone; just in case she decided to direct her attentions to him. Simone crossed her arms and looked away, shaking her head. The cowardly little worm wasn't even worthy of a response in her book. McGonagall sighed. "Nevermind," she said in frustration, "The Headmaster will sort this out. Now, up to his office with the lot of you." Simone stepped away from McGonagall, "With all do respect, Professor, it would be in Severus' best interest if he was looked over by Madam Pomfrey first. He did basically get dropped on his head." Simone moved to heft one of Snape's arms over her shoulder, silencing any protest he may have made with a harsh, stern glare. "Thea and I will escort him and proceed to the Headmaster's office post haste," Simone continued as her shy friend came to gently place a guiding hand on Snape's other arm. McGonagall mulled over the request, "I'm not sure..." "I'll go with them if it makes you feel better, Professor," Offered a Hufflepuff prefect, one of the few prefects to have missed most of the fight and only just arrived on the scene. "Well I suppose if a Prefect accompanies them, then it is alright," McGonagall relented before turning back to Simone, "Miss Serapeum, I suppose I cannot fault you for being concerned for a classmate's well being. Now off you go, and no funny business." "It's my pleasure, Professor McGonagall," Simone replied politely, "After all, someone should care about him." By the lake, Lily kept her back to Simone, but her posture was rigid. McGonagall appeared not to have noticed the implications of Simone's words or if she did she choose not to touch upon them in order to keep the whole debacle from continuing any longer, "Mr. Potter, Mr. Black, I trust the pair of you should know the way to the Headmaster's office by heart at this rate? Off with you." James and Sirius headed up the hill towards the castle with their professor, giving their 'fans' some charming smiles as they went. Trailing behind them at a more sedate pace, Simone all but dragged a stubborn Snape off the grounds with minimal help from Thea, the Hufflepuff prefect following them. As they passed Remus, Simone paused. Without looking at him, she hissed in a low tone, "If you're so afraid your friends will abandon you if you don't let them get away with everything, then they're not very good friends, are they you coward?" With that, Simone resumed dragging Snape inside, leaving behind her a few choice people very conflicted, and perhaps a little ashamed. And there's chapter one down! I hope this is off to a good start. Just want to let everyone know that if Jilly is your OTP, you'll probably be sorely disappointed. Sorry :( Feedback is always appreciated. Reviews feed the plot bunny. I will be honest, I am not a fan of James Potter. The fact that his own friends admit he continued to hex Snape behind Lily's back to pretend he had changed means he won her heart under false pretenses. His lack of concern for her in school goes against all claims of him being a good person; he seemed to not care at all how harming her friend may harm her. Also, his refusal to take no for an answer and even telling her he would only stop attacking Snape if she dated him is behavior that in today's age would have surely gotten him a restraining order. 15 is old enough to respect a girl's choice to say no and to know better than to emotionally manipulate her or threaten her friends to make her say yes. That being said, I will NOT be trashing him completely. He's flawed and a jerk with some worrisome tendencies, but it is clear he has a heart at least when it comes to his friends. So he deserves to not be destroyed character-wise. Instead I wish to give him a chance to do the maturing he clearly never did in canon. Please do not spam me with hate reviews if you are a James fan/snape hater. If it isn't criticism on how to improve my writing, then the negativity you bring isn't welcome. The only good "It sucks" is a "it sucks and here's how to fix it". Feedback is always welcome. Reviews feed the plot bunny.