thinking of Ron." "Ron? Oh god, did you want to kiss him instead?" Draco wondered. "No! Totally not. I just meant I thought of Ron and wondered if he'd kill me for kissing his sister. I didn't want to ruin our friendship," I clarified. "So then you never had a thing for your friend Ron?" "No! Never. You do realize that just because someone is gay, which I'm not even sure I am, doesn't mean we want to kiss every guy we know. We can just be friends with people," I told him vehemently. "I know that. But still. I'm curious. You wanna kiss me?" Draco asked and I felt my face turn red with fire. I was so glad it was dark and he couldn't tell. At least I didn't think he could tell. "You wish," I shot back at him before taking the bottle back and chugging it. Draco laughed. "I don't wish that. Believe me. I don't wanna kiss you, Potter." "Well I certainly don't wanna kiss you, Malfoy," I lied. "That's where I draw a line. I don't care if you like guys, just don't kiss me ," he said, which deflated me instantly, even if I shouldn't be surprised. "Well don't worry. I'm not gonna kiss you. You're not my type," I lied again. "Good." "Wonderful." "Perfect." "Yes, it is perfect," I said with a sigh. "Think Hermione will ever go out with me?" he asked, changing the subject thankfully. "Doubtful. She thinks you suck," I informed him. "What have I really done to her lately? I mean sure, in school I was a fucker, but I've matured." "She still doesn't like you. She has a long memory." "I've been working with her now for almost a year. You'd think she'd get over it by now." "Why are you working with her anyway? Don't you have endless piles of family money? Why do you work?" I wondered drunkenly. Draco shrugged and took a swig. "I don't want to be my father. He has no life. He just sits at home by the fire staring at his priceless knick knacks. I wanted to do something." "Magical creatures? You don't even like magical creatures. Not since Buckbeak attacked you," I laughed slightly. "Shut up. That fucking thing was a menace. And I do like magical creatures. Some of them. I liked Dobby. He was my elf, even if he thought you were awesome. He was mine first," Draco said. "Dobby was miserable at your house." "Not because of me. I treated him good. My father on the other hand was not so kind. But my father never is. To anyone. Not even to me," Draco lamented, taking another drink. "Do you see him much?" I wondered softly. "Nah, not really. My mum I see more. My father thinks I'm wasting my life at the Ministry in a stupid job. But anything less than Minister of Magic would be considered menial and stupid to him. I don't care what he thinks." "I'm tired of being in training. How much more should I have to prove myself to these people? I think I can catch some bad guys now. But they say I need more experience," I explained with irritation. "I think you're just notorious for leaping into things without always thinking them through. You've got a wicked hero complex. Maybe they just want you to think more? I mean you did do some dumb shit that I'm amazed you didn't die from," Draco chuckled. "Like what?" I said indignantly. "Like attacking a mountain troll. Or flying a car to school." "I didn't fly the car. Ron did. And what was I supposed to do about the troll? It was going after Hermione!" "You also saved my ass once in the Room of Requirement. You could have died and should have left me, but you didn't." "I wasn't gonna leave you in there," I said with a shrug. "Why not? I deserved it," he admitted. "No you didn't. It's all water under the bridge anyway. I'd do it again. I'd do it all again," I smiled at him slightly. "See, this is why they probably don't trust you. You admit to doing some misguidedly stupid things and aren't even sorry about it," Draco ribbed me and poked my side. "Yeah, yeah. I'm not sure why trouble always finds me, but it does." "Think we should go back inside? I wanna see Hermione some more," Draco said, shifting the subject. "We could go back inside." I gathered up the bottle and brushed my pants off. Draco did the same and we headed inside to find Hermione asleep on the couch. "Damn. She's out cold," Draco sighed. "Well I guess this is my cue to go home." I wanted to tell him not to leave and to stay with me and talk more. I could talk all night to him, really. But Draco was ready to leave. The person he wanted to spend time with was asleep. He wasn't there for me. I had to try and remind myself of that. But we had bonded. He couldn't deny that. Could he? I mean, secrets were shared. At least my secrets. He didn't share any with me. But I still didn't want him to go. He did anyway. I just thanked him for not spoiling my confidences in him and he patted me on the back and said not to worry. And then he apparated away. Just like that. I sat down on the couch next to Hermione and put her feet in my lap. She had the telly on some channel with infomercials on it and I just watched this amazing blender while I rubbed her feet and tried to keep the room from spinning around me. I was very drunk. And kind of lonely. But I resolved to buck it up and just let myself pass out on the couch and slip into a blissful coma calm. To be continued….