the end of the table. He grabbed her hand when she met him at the end of the table and bowed over it, placing a light kiss on the back of her hand. "My dear," he said mockingly. He could see her eyes narrow and the anger that flashed behind them before she tried to jerk her hand away. He tightened his grip on her hand, not allowing her to remove it from his grasp. Instead he drew her closer to him and placed his hand on her back, leading her over towards the official. The ceremony was performed just like the rest of them. Their clasped hands, forcing them to look at each other. Their eyes boring into each other. He could feel the power of the magic surrounding them and filling them up with the magic that would bind them forever. He could feel it wash over his body, the magic making him feel more powerful than he ever was. As the ceremony ended, he could see the awe in Granger's eyes as she felt the magic enter her body. The official grabbed them by the shoulders and turned them to face the rest of the room. As he made his way to his seat he could feel the connection he now had with Granger. He could feel her discomfort. His eyes glanced at her and he was met with her frightened eyes. She could feel their connection too. "Excellent," the Minister began, "Now that all the ceremonies have been performed, we will discuss housing, we have provided housing for you bunch. You will all be living on the same street. We hope that this will help you accept this and create a cohesive married life with each other while still having the support of your friends. It is getting late so we will perform the unbreakable vow ceremony for confidentiality and then we will allow you to leave. Parent's you will be able to contact your children tomorrow but tonight we request that you leave them alone so they can get to know their partner. You will all floo into your respective houses. Tomorrow we will owl you with the rest of the information that we did not get to discuss tonight. Also, before we finish I want to inform you that these matches were made using our formulas. We decided to inform you early of your partners to help the rest of the wizarding world accept this law, but these would have been your matches regardless. Please remember that these are your partners in life now. You should be able to achieve happiness with each other if you can get over your prejudices. Now, everyone please clasp hands." Once all of the members of the room stood and clasped hands the minister proceeded to start the incantation for the unbreakable vow. Once again, power infiltrated the room and swirled around all of their connected hands. The pulsing signifying the end of the incantation. His mother turned towards him and touched his cheek, before turning and leaving with his father in tow. All of the parents left their children to go home, whispering promises of contacting them tomorrow, and giving them false well wishes for a happy marriage. All of the children looked strained and exhausted from the day. Draco had to admit that he was drained. This day had taken a lot out of him. Old magic was strong and powerful, and they had performed it twice today, and if that wasn't enough his whole life had changed. The couples slowly paired off with their intended as they made their way to the fireplace. He made his way towards Hermione and placed his hand on her back guiding her towards the fireplace that would floo them to their new house. Theirs. What a weird thought. He had to share his life with Hermione Granger. One third of the golden trio, how fitting, that the girl that he taunted in school would now be his cherished wife he thought with a sneer. As he made his way toward the fireplace he noticed that all of his Slytherins were performing their rightful duties in their arranged marriages. All of the men stood close to their new wives with their hands on their back guiding them. That is what they were supposed to be. The guiding force in the marriage, the protector, the ones that took care of their families. All of the Slytherin girls were grabbing onto their new husbands, letting them lead them, letting their husbands feel needed. The Slytherins were not going to be the problem in these arranged marriages. They would do their duty to ensure a successful marriage. As the couples slowly disappeared into the floo network, he could see how uncomfortable the Gryffindors were with the situation and the attention they were receiving from their Slytherin counterparts. Even he could feel how stiff Hermione felt beneath his hand on her back, the magic that bound them making him hyperaware of her discomfort. They slowly followed the line of couples towards the fireplaces, one by one, disappearing to their new homes. The minister stepped in front of their path before they could floo to their new home. "I do not want to add more pressure onto either of you," the Minister said quickly, "but you both will be the main couple in this movement. You will have extra responsibilities than the other couples, so you will always need to be on your best behavior. You are both smart enough to understand the importance of this law and what it will mean if you fail even in the slightest." He placed two keys into their palms and moved out of their way. He gestured for them to walk through the fireplace to their new home. His threat echoing in their heads. Draco took a deep breath and stepped through the fireplace with Hermione beside him. The flames enveloping him in and covering him with warmth.