setting her glass on the night table. "Never." "Have you had a proper girlfriend?" "Not really." "When was the last time you had sex?" with her question, Tonks straddled him. Remus was immediately taken aback, she had not even touched his arm before, and there she was on top of him, looking down at his face, and his eyes widened. "What are you doing?" his voice came out calmer than he was feeling. "Should I--Should I get off?" she stammered, her face turning into an embarrassed red blob. "I thought you wanted to." "I do." Remus whispered, his heartbeat increasing at an alarming rate. His trousers were feeling extremely tight with Tonks's hot pussy over them. "But…" "I knew I had seen you looking at me like that." she said, and then she leaned in to kiss him. She let their lips lock in a casual way, as if they always did that kind of thing. Her hands were pressing down his chest and her legs embraced his under his knees. "Oh, Merlin." Remus hotly sighed into her lips, and letting go of the empty glass, he firmly grabbed Tonks's hips, pressing her core even more to his now painful erection. She rubbed herself over him, moving her hands slowly to his shoulders, and then running them over his arms, making Remus's skin bristle. He grabbed her lips with his, biting slightly her bottom one, and then introducing his tongue. He opened his eyes briefly, taking a glimpse of a red-lipped Tonks, her heaving chest that was threatening to spill out of her blouse, and the way her hair was all messed up from her last position on the bed. That's when the thought assaulted Remus's drunken mind again. He pictured her smiling at him, her pregnant belly sticking out of her shirt, her soft hands caressing the baby bump with affection and tenderness. He smiled at the thought and kept kissing her. She pulled his thinning hair slightly, making him moan into her mouth. Their breathing was becoming erratic, and their hands were getting restless. He pulled her blouse above her head, revealing a lacy black underwear, her breasts were perky and their color a bit more clear than the rest of her skin. He squeezed her breasts. Tonks's head rolled back, her hips still uncontrollably moving back and forth, she moaned and then turned to look at Remus once again. She smiled, and with shaking hands she started unbuttoning Remus's shirt. They couldn't control themselves any longer, they furiously started removing their clothes, their limbs flailing one way or the other, making sure every button was undone, every zipper unzipped and every part of their bodies uncovered. At some point, Tonks had stood up from him, and he had stood up from the bed, and they were both standing up in front of the other, looking at themselves, shame pushed all the way to the back of their minds thanks to the alcohol. "You're beautiful." Remus whispered, stepping closer to her, his chest heaving and looking in awe at the roundness of her breasts and the wetness of her sex. He grabbed her by the waist, pulling her closer to him, she parted her lips, her hands flat against his chest. Remus kissed her, introducing his tongue inside her mouth instantly, squeezing her with his hands, and letting all his emotions pour into her. He grabbed her ass, and with a little jump from her, he managed to lift her up and she immediately wrapped her legs around his middle. His erection was crushed between her folds, soaking wet. Remus walked to the bed again, not leaving her lips for even a second. He placed Tonks delicately on his bed, climbing on top of her, still kissing her mouth and then her earlobe, her neck, all the way down to her breasts, taking her right nipple into his mouth. "Ugh." Tonks said, getting her hands away from Remus's head and taking them over her face. She squirmed a bit and then she said: "I'm not feeling well." "Huh?" Remus asked. He turned his face to see her, but he couldn't. In that instant, Tonks shoved him away and ran to the bathroom, leaving the door open. Remus could hear her gagging inside the bathroom. His mind felt hazy, too, but as he stayed laying down on the bed, he realised he was not in risk of becoming sick. He was not drunk anymore, at least it didn't feel like it, he was at worst tipsy. "Are you alright?" he asked, standing up from the bed and walking towards the bathroom. He watched Tonks's naked figure kneeling down in front of the toilet, her arms around the seat, covering her face but puking her guts out. For some reason, he didn't find it repelling. Tonks was in need, and that was the only thing that his mind could register. "Let me help you." he kneeled down beside her, grabbing her hair to get it out of the way, and caressing her back in a delicate manner. Tonks didn't stop vomiting for several minutes, and once all her stomach content had emptied itself, she incorporated, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. "Sorry." she whispered, smiling up to him. Her eyes were watery, and her face was red and messy. Remus observed her smile with special attention. He had never seen a more sincere smile in his life, her whole expression melted Remus away, and just as he was helping her up and taking her back to the bed, he knew: he was falling in love. They put on their underwear again, and without saying a word, both of them got into bed. He held her for awhile, until her breathing deepen and she no longer moved a muscle. He climbed out of bed then, dressed himself and went downstairs into the Library. He flopped down on the huge couch, and without a second thought he fell asleep.