to startle the child into realizing what they'd done wrong. Severus rubbed his forehead. "The home was filled with abuse. It was like attending a reenactment of the Witch Trials. They've been made to believe she is possessed by evil, and that her accidental magic is caused by this evil. They have tried many methods to exorcise these demons. The girl is so thin, her bones press against her flesh, and that flesh looks paper thin. Looking into their thoughts... they've whipped her with a strap until she passed out, tried an exorcism," at his words Narcissa gasped. "Once she stopped breathing during some 'treatment' of making her try to crawl through blankets held tightly closed. The girl had to fight her way through it. They were vile acts. Worse than anything I ever saw the Dark Lord perform." Lucius looked at his knew that Severus's childhood had been wretched, and he supposed that was what was upsetting Severus. He knew he had to let his friend finish speaking. But he did have to wonder why Albus would personally go and retrieve this girl. Albus Dumbledore rarely did anything without having a plan of action. "She is a highly intelligent child. She's been at the castle for a week, and spends most of her free time in the library." Snape grimaced. "When we first arrived at the child's home, I asked Albus why we were doing the job that Minerva normally carries out. There is a prophecy." All three Malfoy's leaned back with a gasp. It would have been amusing, if not for the reason. "I thought the only prophecy was dealing with the Potter boy," Lucius hissed. "As did I my friend, as did I," Severus sneered. "He informed me ten feet from the girl's door. He stated that it was better for the Dark Lord to only know of one prophecy. It's taken me the better part of this week, but I have located the prophecy… without having to go to the bloody Ministry." He rubbed his face with both hands. "He said that she would help determine the way in which the war ends. Who will rule." He held out a small sheet of parchment to Lucius. Lucius opened the folded paper, and read out loud. "Strong; her heart and soul, as pure as any Pureblood born. Her blood will bring her pain. To our own society, a shining beacon of hope and brilliance. Though, for now she is still a fragile flame. The girl, powerful, in mind, body and abilities. All whether she stands with the bird born of fire, or he who shall not be named." "He's planning on using her as a chess piece in his little games then?" Lucius muttered. "Yes. He has already begun the whispers of blood purity, the hatred between the different houses. He's filling her with fear of Purebloods and Slytherins. He talks of the Dark Lord, and how the Dark Lord wishes all Muggle-Born dead. And he wishes to put her in the path of Potter, and the youngest Weasley boy. He wants to mold her into the perfect little Order member. I wouldn't be surprised if he's already planning a betrothal for her." "How is the girl taking to these machinations?" Narcissa asked softly. "I do not know. I have only seen her at meals," he sighed. "He is going to try to cajole the hat into putting her into Gryffindor." Draco wanted to gag. Gryffindors… stupid sods. He thought the Headmaster was supposed to be all honest; the supposed leader of the light. Besides, why did the old man think he needed to talk the hat into anything? She was a muggle-born, it's not like it would put her in Slytherin. "Will someone be named her Guardian?" Narcissa questioned. Her mind was already spinning and planning with all of the possibilities. She met her husband's eyes for but a moment, but had a feeling he too was considering all. "Dumbledore wishes for me to be the girl's Guardian. I expect he thinks that will pull me more into the Order, perhaps he thinks he can use her as a spy for him to make sure I follow his rules." Now Lucius looked concerned. "Do you think he suspects that you are not truly loyal to his cause?" Snape waved this away. "No. I am protected from him. I simply believe that anything he has that can draw the Order of the Phoenix closer, anything that will give him the upper-hand, that is what he looks for. He probably believes that the Dark Lord will banish me if I am raising the child, instead of killing her." "That's ridiculous. He really does not know our Lord at all, does he? You are far too valued by our Lord for him to care whether or not you are guiding a child of any birth. The Dark Lord himself initiated three Muggle-borns before he passed. The man simply had high standards." Narcissa said, and then motioned the elves to deliver dessert. "So, he wishes for you to watch over the little Muggle-born…" Suddenly Narcissa gave a bright smile, she knew he would do so. As soon as he'd described the girl's suffering she'd known. "Well, I think that as your closest, and dearest friends, you should introduce us to the little love." Snape raised one eyebrow. "Oh, come now, Severus, if that man has been filling the girl's head with horror stories of Purebloods hating Muggle-borns, don't you think it would be wise to let her meet some of these 'monsters'?" the elegant blonde woman smiled smugly. Albus had informed Severus that the Potions Master would be taking the little chit to get her school supplies. The Headmaster had not looked happy at the time, and had not even given the Potions Professor time to decline before moving away at an agitated pace. Now, Severus had to locate the girl. He had a feeling she was in the Library.