to one of the other orphan girls to come in. "Miss Granger, this is Kelly Hanson. She'll show you to your room." The matron said in a tone that was a clear dismissal. Hermione rose from her seat silently, and picked up her suitcase following the blond girl out of the office and to the stairs. Once they were out of ear shot from the older woman, the girl, Kelly, turned to her, "You have nice clothes. You should hide them." She whispered to Hermione, who gave her a confused look. "Why?" Hermione asked "Because some of the other girls might try to steal them." Kelly said shrugging as if it were obvious. Hermione gaped at her, wondering how her life could have possibly ended up this way; she was supposed to be on holiday this summer with her parents in Greece, but in the blink of an eye, everything had changed. Had she not been away at boarding school when the fire broke out, she would have likely met the same fate. Now, she was an orphan; a ' street urchin ' as her mother would have said. Her mind drifted back to the last time she saw him at the beach, and she wondered if she would ever see him again. It seemed like a miracle then, just as she reached the top of the stairs, when Tom stepped out of his room and met her surprised gaze. "Tom!" Hermione said as relief flooded through her, and she flung herself into his arms. She had known he had come from 'lower means', but he had never mentioned that he was an orphan, and she never asked. The thought that she wouldn't be alone after all filled her with immense relief. Kelly watched in shock as the new girl threw her arms around Tom Riddle's neck. None of the other kids at the orphanage would dare to even look at him, never mind embrace him willingly as this girl was. Tom wrapped his arms around her tentatively, scowling at Kelly who read his message loud and clear and walked back down the stairs and out of sight. "Thank God, you're here, Tom. This has all been like some horrible nightmare…" Hermione was saying as he leaned back from her and grasped her hand in his. She followed him to the empty room across the hall from his that she assumed was to be hers. "I heard about your parents; their picture was in the newspaper. I'm sorry." He said giving her an unreadable look as she sat on the bare mattress across from him, once again dissolving into tears. "Everything is gone." Hermione whispered as her shoulders shook, wiping her eyes on a small white handkerchief she held in her small fist. He sat beside on her on the bed and pulled her against him, feeling her curls tickle his chin. "Well, you have me now." He said and she tilted her face to look up at him gratefully, giving him a watery smile. "Goodness, I haven't even asked you about Hogwarts! Is it as amazing as it sounded?" she asked grateful to change the subject. Tom smiled, a real genuine smile, "Its better . I can't wait for you to see it." He said, his dark eyes glittering. "I did get my Hogwarts letter, you were right; I am a witch. My parents thought it was all rubbish of course, and weren't going to let me attend." She said sadly, looking back down. He tilted her chin back up to meet his eyes, "Now there's nothing stopping you." He said as he brushed a curl behind her ear. She nodded, giving him a small half smile, "So tell me about it. What's it like there?" she asked. "It's a castle , Hermione. A real honest-to-god castle. They have four different houses there, Slytherin, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, and Hufflepuff. I'm in Slytherin house of course, though you'll have to be sorted by the hat to find out which one you'll be in." he explained. "The hat?" Hermione asked curiously. He smile and held up his hand for her to wait a moment while he ran to get something. When he came back to her room, he was holding a large, leather bound book. On the cover, it said, Hogwarts: A History. "This will tell you all about Hogwarts." He said as he handed her the book, and pulled her up off the bare mattress. "I'll tell you what; I'll help you get settled in, and then we can read together." He said and she beamed at him. The two worked silently, making her bed with the plain cotton sheets and gray wool blanket that Wool's provided to all of the children, and hung up her clothes in the closet. She took Kelly's warning to heart, and hid some of her nicer dresses that her mother had bought for her inside a hidden compartment she had found in her armoire. When they were finished, Tom slipped behind her on the bed and pulled her back against his chest and held up Hogwarts: A History so that they could read it together. He had already read it, of course, but he enjoyed it so much he decided to read it again. After two hours, he felt her breathing even out, and realized she had fallen asleep. It was close to light's out anyway, so he gently lifted her so that he could get up, and then carefully placed her back down on the bed, covering her with the grey blanket. He left her room quietly and made his way back to his own. He woke sometime in the night, to the sound of his door opening, and he smiled when he saw a familiar head of brown curls quickly crossing his room and climbing into bed with him. He curled up behind her, and felt his body relax back into sleep as he inhaled the scent of her lavender and vanilla shampoo.