replacement. We can cover it, what with the millions of galleons in our vault. Thank you dear." She looked at me then said "We are going to have to put you to sleep and numb the area around your right eye before we remove it. I will tell you now, the new eye is going to look a bit big compared to your other eye and it is going to hurt for a few days. I will be keeping you asleep for a few days as well as give you some things to undo some of the damage done to your body. From being stuck in a cupboard for who knows how long and not getting a lot to eat has stunted your growth. By the time you wake up in a few days time the damage from that will be gone and corrected. Sadly, I will not be able to get rid of the scars, they have already healed and it is too late to heal them. I'm sorry sweetie. Is there anything you want to know or say before you are put to sleep for a few days?" Thinking about what I wanted to know immediately, only one thing came to my mind. Trying not to sound rude, I asked them "I have one question, what exactly are you? I don't mean to be rude or anything but aside from me thinking I was the only one who did things like that, I have never seen anyone like you." Emma smiled and I felt Hermione tighten her grip on my hand and when I looked at her she seemed really scared. Emma said, "That is a bit difficult to answer. You see, we are a rare type of werewolf. While they are cursed and are forced into changing at full moons and have to deal with the, shall we say beast within them. While they look quite ugly when they transform looking like a deformed bear/wolf, we only look like a much bigger human. We grow a thick full coat and have increased strength and senses. We reach a height around nine feet tall and are quite fast. There are more to us than that but I will explain it in more detail in a few days after you wake up. If you are having a bit of a hard time picturing what we look like when we have changed, you may ask us to show you when you wake up. That's another difference between us and normal werewolves. We aren't forced to change and we don't have a beast in us. We can also do partial transformations, as you can see right now. Now, I am going to put you under, we will all be there when you wake back up sweetie, Good night." With that, my world went dark. Authors note Alright ladies and gentleman! First chapter has been completed, and if it does not meet the standards some are looking for I sincerely apologise. This is my first fanfiction and while this chapter is complete, I will not be posting it until i have edited it of all mistakes. I am using Google Docs because when i was working on it in Microsoft Word, the software decided to stop being compatible with my laptop. If i was using Word, I would already have completed fixing all the mistakes but for some reason, Google Docs does not like to automatically correct my 'I's. Moving on, I delved into the wonderful community of Fanfiction almost 4 years ago when i was 12. Since then I have most likely read over 5000 fanfictions ranging from PG to M. I like the pairing of Harry and Hermione as well as Harry and Tonks. This will be a Harry/Hermione fic but they won't start a relationship until they are in 4th year. Sirius will be free and he will not die. Harry is going to be Dark as well as the Grangers and Sirius. Dumbledore and Weasley bashing as well as Malfoy and Voldemort bashing. Having a Horcrux inside of Harry is still undecided or the use of Horcruxes for that matter. I don't know where i am going with this but we will find out together ^^ Also please no negativity, only constructive criticism and please no vulgar language. I will only be using that type of language when the situation Harry is in danger or similar situations. I don't really like cursing, I don't see the point in it but i will only use it for the effect it seems to have. However, I may or may not write lemons, and if i do i may use more vulgar language but it won't be overpowering the material with all caps. As always, if you do not like what i have written or am writing, depends on when i am working on something, please don't continue reading it or post negative comments. I am a quiet guy who likes to stay out of conflict so please, if you don't like what i am writing you are within your rights to stop reading the material. You are also within your rights to comment what you wish but please save us both the head ache and stop reading it. That is what I do, I don't criticize other writers because I have just started, but I have stopped reading a fanfiction because I either don't like it, it is too short, or there are a bunch of grammatical and spelling mistakes. That is just me though. I count anything under 75 thousand words short and if there are over half the amount of chapters as there are words, for example 50 chapters and the amount of words are 51 thousand. I just can't bring myself to read it. So for this fanfic and future ones there will be at least 5-10 thousand words per chapter, I like long fanfictions. Until next time friends Edited 16Feb2017 at 11:05 p.m. Shadowphin22 signing off