"I belong to no one bastards!" Hermione sunk her teeth in Dolohov's meaty fingers. "ARGH BITCH YOU'LL PAY!" Surprisingly Lucius grabbed Hermione by her waist and threw her behind him levelling a scowl in Dolohov's direction. The Death Eater skulked off sulking and sucking on his injured digits. Lucius turned around: "If I could make up for what happened in my home I..." Hermione was shocked when Lucius locked lips with hers: "You were so brave and strong – you made me question my whole life's ethos with how you handled the continued use of the Cruciatus and then her blade," he lifted the arm that bore that ugly scar and would do so for the rest of her life. "If I could," he swung her to his body and gruffly kissed her again. "Sorry, Miss Granger, so sorry!" he sighed. "Malfoy..." she barely finished when she knocked the older Wizard aside with her body casting a wandless protego and held it until the hex rebounded off the wall and back on the caster which turned out to be Mrs Goyle: "Apologise later – fight now!" she said scrambling up and grabbing her companions hand to make a mad dash for the second safest and most importantly, nearest place. The dungeons! "That was Lucius?" Lily gasped in disbelief as she doubled over massaging a stitch. "Wow, who'd have thought he'd wind up dishy!" she winced then: "Sorry, that sounded callous didn't it? I just witnessed my husband's death." Lily and Ginny had a lot in common, no wonder Harry was in love with her. "Also, he's one of them." Not to mention unspoken reason number four, Hermione thought snidely, you still have feelings for Snape and perhaps always had done. "Time Travel is disorienting and can sometimes make you forget who you are – you have been flung forward 17 years into the future, seen two of your friends look much older than you and currently speaking to someone who was barely alive herself at the time. A little disorientation is natural." Once they reached the dank dungeons Hermione opened the Potions store cupboard and shoved Lily inside – heavily warding the room doing so. It was then that the Dark Lord's voice rang triumphant: "I HAVE KILLED HARRY POTTER!" Everyone gathered around the rubble outside – including Hermione: "All those who wish to surrender, no harm shall befall you – if you are of non-magical lineage I will be lenient – I am a just and true leader of men as is proven by my loyal Death Eaters – come see your fallen figurehead as I shall now take my rightful place in the World!" Everything stopped. The Order gathered one side, the Death Eaters the other. Hermione tried to remain mixed with the crowd behind bigger men. "I particularly request one Miss Granger to come forward," Order Members held her behind them forming a human shield around her amongst the detritus. Using his extraordinary powers Hermione was flung towards the Dark Lord at his feet. He curled his long, reptilian digits around her hair and tilted her chin up. "Such power in one so small," he hissed as he bent down. "Now," he pulled her up and held her in front of him. "Miss Granger you have caused quite a stir amongst my faithful – Scabior, Antonin Dolohov, Lucius Malfoy, Rabastan Lestrange – oh yes, I can comprehend why, such beauty and such awesome scent of power..." "GET YOUR SNAKEY 'ANDS OFF 'ER!" Ron yelled his complexion turning purple. "The youngest Weasley male," sneered the Dark Lord, "blood traitor of the ultimate of blood traitor families," Lord Voldemort mocked. "Miss Granger, you must keep your pets on a leash." The Death Eaters laughed as Hermione winced with his claws digging in: "But no, if anyone was to hold you as their pet it would be me – as leader I demand the highest quality of the spoils." Hermione tried to keep quiet – maybe act as if she would acquiesce. Harry's mother turned up out of the blue – Snape was alive. So was Remus. Lucius Malfoy was not as faithful as the Dark Lord thought and it was clear that another Horcrux had been destroyed leaving only Nagini. "Anyone else can cross the line freely." McGonagall paled as she saw her favourite charge of all time being held in HIS clutches. Finally Neville stepped forward. Hermione tuned out their conversation except, why was Neville holding the Sorting Hat and he drew the sword of Gryffindor out then he... YES! HE MURDERED NAGINI leaving Voldemort mortal. The smirk plastered across Hermione's lips was ignored by the Dark Lord who only knocked her legs out from under her and was prepared to rape her then and there if it were not for the fact that Harry leapt up alive. It was then, after Harry told everyone that Snape was Dumbledore's man all along – that it was the Dark Lord's murder of his mother that brought Snape to his senses. When it was revealed that Snape never was a Death Eater and always held the school's interests at heart that Hermione felt proud. Stunned as the rest of them when Harry revealed that it was Draco Malfoy that was the true heir to the Elder Wand. Draco paled at the thought. Considering the power that wand yielded it was wise of Draco to cower behind his mother. It seemed Remus managed to hide Severus away properly and she had warded Lily in... Snape's 'death' was the impetus Harry needed. With a clash of spells – Voldemort finally crumpled to the ground due to the power he knew not... Love! Now, thought Hermione, I have to get some real answers from Lily and Professor Snape. The Thief of Death had finally paid for his crime by dying... * The Future Of The Reason The Wise Men Brought News **Shines Above All Untrustworthy ***Power False Lily ****This Is In The Blood