protective spell, Lils." The doorbell rang again… and again… till Lily finally swung open the front door to be greeted by a man with long black hair and a leather jacket, accompanied by a girl with lengthy blonde hair and an enthusiastic smile on her face. "Lils!" Marlene jumped on her friend, wrapping her arms around her. "Marls… Sirius…" Lily said, muffled in her friend's jacket. "Can we come in?" Sirius asked, stepping inside the house and walking towards the living room, "Already am. Where's Prongs?" Lily looked back at Sirius, "By the T.V." "Been a while since I've been here," Marlene said, surveying the house with her bright blue eyes. Lily closed the door and lead Marlene into the living room where Sirius took hold of Harry, who hadn't given up crying. "What'd you do to my god-son?" Sirius looked up at James who crossed his arms against his chest. Marlene rushed over to Harry, softly running her hand across the back of his head. "Maybe he needs his god-mother." "No, I'm definitely the cooler god-parent." Sirius insisted, rocking Harry lightly. "Guys… crying baby…" James interrupted. "Right… I've got an idea," Sirius placed his god-son in the bassinet by the couch, watching as Harry's cheeks turned bright red. "Prongs, go get the Taylor." "We tried that last night Sirius-" "-But not with us here." Sirius said, interrupting Lily. James quickly left and came back with his guitar, handing it over to his mate as everybody sat down on the couch around the bassinet. Sirius tuned the guitar, fixing the capo down the neck of the instrument and laying it comfortably on his leg. "Gona' be like old times." Sirius said, grinning up at the three and looking down at the crying baby boy before him. He fixed his fingers on the D chord, and began finger picking a lovely, light tune. Marlene smiled, parting her lips and singing, "Little darling, it's been a long cold lonely winter." She looked up at her best mate, sitting across from her. Lily shrugged, thinking 'why not'. "Little darling, it feels like years since it's been here." " Here comes the sun…" The four of them harmonized beautifully in Harry's ears; so much so that it seized his crying, for only now his wandering eyes were looking upon each of them curiously. " Here comes the sun, and I say. It's alright." After a miracle's work from the four, Harry was fast asleep. Sirius put the guitar down, kissing Harry lightly on his forehead and shifting the bassinet farther from the group so they wouldn't wake him. He slumped back down into the couch, kicking his feet up on the table, and relaxing his arms along the back of the couch. "Beautiful work my fellow Beatles." James ran his fingers through his unruly hair, "Thanks a lot Pad's… we needed it…" "I know you did, you just didn't want to admit it." Marlene nodded, "Yeah, everybody needs help sometimes, so don't hesitate to ask." "We're here for you." Sirius agreed. "I appreciate everything, I do… so don't take this the wrong way when I ask… why are you here?" Lily added, leaning against James. "When I called James didn't sound too convincing on the phone... he also hung up on me when I had information to tell you two… Wait a minute, is that a pink cat?" Sirius raised his eyebrows as he watched the furry pink cat hop onto the couch beside Marlene. James leaned forward, fully attentive. "What is it, did Dumbledore say anything?" "Has anything happened? Anything cleared up?" Lily asked hopefully. Sirius shook his head, "No. Unfortunately there's no news from Dumbledore yet, but I've got news myself. I've been having suspicions lately." "Suspicions?" James looked at him puzzled. "Now hear me out, because this sounds from left field." "It's about Remus." Marlene said; gaining the perturbed looks from Lily and James. Sirius sat forward, looking at the two gravely now, "Remus hasn't been seen for a while, we're not sure where he is right now. It's weird, he just shows up out of nowhere sometimes, at first we thought it was just the transformations… then we found out a bit of information from The Order. Apparently Voldemort has been gaining followers; Werewolves. He's already got Fenrir, so it makes sense he'd join too." Lily's brows drew together, "Just because he's a werewolf you think he'd join the Death Eaters?" "That, and because he's already rejected by the wizarding world anyways. You remember how depressed he was about never finding a job, don't you Prongs? It just doesn't sit right with me…" James' expression hardened "Say this is true… what do we do? Aren't we safe under protection anyways, you're the secret-keeper, not him." Sirius drew a heavy breath, "Exactly why I'm here… so I've decided to resign last night." " You what?!" James and Lily exclaimed. "I think it's for the best, Voldemort might be onto me with my suspicions. I can't put Harry at risk…" Lily turned her neck to face Harry, watching his small chest rise and fall underneath the covers. Her chest tightened in fear for her baby boy. The two couldn't piece together why anybody would want to hurt their Harry; he is the center of their world, their little miracle. It nearly broke Lily's heart to hear she had to be under protection the first time, to hear she wouldn't be able to bring Harry to her friend's house, or have walks along the street, or family outings. Now, to hear that a fellow Marauder could be against them?... She wishes she could give Harry a better life than this. Lily's lips trembled slightly as her emerald green eyes gazed into Sirius', "Who's our new secret-keeper?" "It'll be someone Voldemort would never suspect, the weakest of the bunch. I promise you this will all work out…" "Who is it Sirius?" James asked anxiously. Sirius gave the two a convincing look of reassurance, "Wormtail."