are to call her that term of which you, Bella, are especially fond of. She is to be considered as you would regard me, her orders are my orders – if she does not want to wear a dress, find another to her liking – I want her in the splendour she deserves and desires." "Yes, My Lord!" they mumbled. "I must be slightly deaf for I swore I saw your lips move but the only one I heard with absolute clarity was Narcissa," he pointed his wand at Bella, Lucius and Draco in turn. "Now say it and mean it!" he snarled. "Yes, My Lord!" the voices were louder but Bella still sounded insincere in her acquiescence. "Bella, why does your insubordination not surprise me?" he sighed as he silkily drawled out a Crucio as if he was handing her a cookie. Bella twisted and writhed in agony. Pride in her blood and status as a Death Eater were her downfall in this regard for she refused to wince or scream. "CRUCIO!" he yelled eyes glowing bright red under the darkness of the torture. After five minutes he lifted the spell: "Next time," he knelt down to Bella's level. Taking pleasure at the sight of her frothing at the mouth. It was short-lived by the way she stared at him with such wide-eyed devotion he turned away in disgust: "I will leave it on you for 10 minutes, is that understood, Bellatrix?" "Y-yes M-My L-Lord," her teeth chattered as she continued gazing in admiration. "I-I s-shall d-do a-as y-you c-command and treat Miss Granger with respect as I would you, my Lord." "Good, does anyone else have any objections?" The Malfoy men paled more than usual and shook their heads in silent obeisance. One the Dark Lord much preferred. Narcissa had picked up Hermione when her Lord put her down considerately on the floor. "My Lord," Narcissa said. Elegantly bowing before him as she kept her tight hold on the limp girl in her arms. "The girl weighs nothing is she to be permitted food and drink?" "Anything she desires she is to be given," he smiled down at Narcissa, yes she deviated from his original plan, but she was such a pleasant witch. Bellatrix was his favourite at one time but he'd switched to Narcissa as he observed her bare her downfall with dignity. For that alone, she deserved his respect. "Even if that means Draco," he looked at the young man who's eyes glittered hopefully. "Lucius," the older wizard affected a disinterested air, yet he was not fooling anyone, he wished to sample the young Gryffindor's carnal delights, "or," he fixed Bellatrix with such a spiteful sneer that she coward and trembled before him, "even Rodolphus." "Yes my Lord." The Dark Lord stroked Narcissa's cheeks fondly. "You have done well, my sweet little child," Narcissa kept her eyes lowered, on her knees. "Allow your mother's heart to take over for you and think of how you would like her mother to treat your son, Narcissa!" "As you wish, so it shall be done," Narcissa murmured politely. Bellatrix did not like this one iota but she was nothing if not loyal and if her Lord wanted them to play nice with the.. the... what was going on? Another short, sharp, shock whipped at her. Not saying the word was different to thinking it surely? Yet, as she did think on the word again to test her theory, another spark lashed viciously against her throat. Oh, so her Lord entered a properly binding contract. They could not hurt the little... b.r... buurrr... buurrattt brat, wow – that was hard. Bellatrix did not wish to speak a slur if it took that much effort to think it. Well, so her Lord was forcing her to play nice. She wondered what she had done to so disappoint her Lord. "Why do you suppose our Lord is doing this, Cissy?" Bellatrix asked her sister. The elegant blonde woman shook her head: "I do not know but we had all best do as our Lord commands," Narcissa advised. "I, for one, want to stay alive through this. So you had best put your interest in him aside for now and behave." Bella sulked, hating it when Narcissa was right! Hermione awoke later in a darkened room, on a soft bed, and the sounds of a bath being run. A rustling of skirts, mixed with voices muttering in harsh, rough whispers, showed that she was not alone. She vaguely recognised one of the voices but she did not hear it well enough to place a name to it. Groggily, she looked around and discovered she was in an opulent bedchamber, on a bed of silk and feathers, and a bathroom adjacent to the bedroom. Immediately, she sat up, regretting her actions as her head pounded and the room swayed violently in her vision, she flopped back down on the bed. A cornucopia of questions assaulted her brain. Where was she? Was she in a vivid dream? Perhaps a nightmare that had yet to occur? More likely the latter, as she could only recall one thing: The last person to have been with her was the Dark Lord. That meant these voices belonged to followers. Followers who would kill her before they would look at her. Hermione gulped in fright as she fumbled for her wand and panicked when she could not find it. Helpless, alone, and likely to die. Hermione refused to cry... AN : This will be Hermione multi. What do you think the Dark Lord meant by Queen? What will the reactions be to others of the inner-circle? What wasn't said by the vow he made. And what will Harry do now he is all alone? Answers in a review, please? Failing that, a postcard will do the trick... Side Note : I also have a Live Journal account, SilverLioness80 if any of you also use LJ, feel free to friend me.