remember me by." It was then that he leapt into the air, holding onto Fawkes tail feathers, flying away as gracefully as he walked. She sighed when she saw her lover being whisked away in to the fathomless night not knowing when, or if, she was going to see him again. "Be safe, Severus." With that she spun on her heels and began walking down the steps. Carefully making her way back to the Gryffindor Tower. The Pink Lady was not amused at the Head Girls antics. Tutting as she let her charge in before she could be caught by that odious Carrow fellow. Disapproving she may be, but she still loved and protected all her charges. Quietly, Hermione slipped back into her shared dorms and sniffed in Severus one more time before setting the pendant underneath her pillow. Then she clambered into bed and rested her head back. The time her wand flashed was earlier than she thought. It was only 2:30am. She had been up later than that to do her homework. When she closed her eyes she thought she heard whispering. Confused, Hermione sleepily opened her eyes. Only to hear Lavender talking about Won Won in her sleep. Parvati was whistling through her nose. Neither were whispering in her ear. Shrugging her shoulders Hermione settled back into Morpheus arms. The last thing she knew was the heady scents of autumnal nights and herbs from Severus' cloak. The next morning she woke up surprisingly bright and inexplicably chirpy. Showering with glee. Humming Girls Just Wanna Have Fun by Cyndi Lauper as she washed her hair. Hermione then picked up her bottle of Trésor by Lancôme, a gift from her parents, and spritzed a little on the insides of her wrist, the crook of the arms, the same for the knees as she was wearing a skirt, behind her ears and a tiny bit on the base of her throat. A rich and beautiful scent that Hermione wished she could bathe in. "Someone's happy," said Parvati. "She got laid that's why!" Lavender smirked. "I bet she won't tell us either!" "Got that right," Hermione muttered. "Who I sleep with is not yours, or the schools, business. Don't want to give Carrow another reason to lick his lips at me!" "Ugh!" shuddered Lavender. "I know we've had our differences in the past, Hermione, but if he does hurt you – you can come to us – you know that, right?" Her heart grew within her as the Pride gathered to protect her. Remembering it was these two girls who tried to coax her out of the bathroom in their first year, prior the troll. The only time she had regretted not listening to them. "I will, Lavender, I promise," Hermione decided to hug the other girl as a show of solidarity. Parvati joined in. "Mmm that's lovely," Parvati said, "can I use some, please?" "Sure," Hermione shrugged as she took the bottle out of her toiletry bag. "You do not need much of it. It has excellent longevity and brilliant sillage." "This from a girl who does not read Teen Witch!" Lavender giggled. "Ta, Hermione." The bushy haired girl shrugged her shoulders and walked out to get dressed. Making sure to pin her Head Girl badge on the centre of the knot of her perfectly straight tie. The Horcrux must have slipped from under the pillow during the night as it was now twinkling from the centre of her mattress. She supposed it would be safer with her than up here unguarded. She pulled it up and wrapped it around her wrist as she had done so last night. There they were again, the whispers. Now she definitely knew that her dorm mates were not responsible as she was alone. Clearly there was something, or someone here, that should not be. After a thorough check of the room finding no one Hermione sighed. "If Peeves got in here I shall have to talk to The Bloody Baron!" She swept her hair behind her ear and picked up her bag. " Hermione ," clear as the lovely sunshine day outside, " Hermione ," she narrowed her eyes with suspicion, " hello Hermione. " She gulped as she remembered what she said to Harry in his second year. Hearing voices no one else can, is a dangerous sign. " Do not worry, Hermione, I wish to protect you. " Her throat ran dry. " Wear me, Hermione. " The Horcrux it had to be. " I do not want to hurt you! " Hermione wanted to block the voice out. The lonely sounding voice was tugging at her soft heart. " Please, Hermione, all I want to be is your friend. I know you, Hermione, I know how clever you are. It has been frightfully dull, " she had entered the common room feeling a little heady and lethargic. " Please, Hermione, allow me to be your friend, you are dear to the Wizarding World. You could be dear to me. I want you to be dear to me. Just say hello to me, Hermione. " She was not sure that she should, however she did feel rather lonely without Harry and Ron. " That's it, Hermione, " the voice seemed to be inside her head. " I am your friend, I am the one you can trust, I can help you fulfil your potential in the way no one else can ," her heart weighed heavy in her chest. " All. You. Have. To. Do. Is. Just. Say. Hello. " Hermione opened her mouth to speak... AN : For some reason the Doctor Who theme tune echoed in my head at the end of this chapter... The older one, from the 80's. When a story took a month or so to tell. This was first written over ten years ago and I decided to revive it with the letters AU which allows us writers of fanfiction to get away with everything.