lost in his insanity. And it was insanity. He knew that. It was a burden he would forever live with, worsened by his soul being thrusted back into his body. That part he didn't recall, nor how it came to be. But he was here and alive and ready to take revenge for his master's demise. That was the only purpose he had. Without his Dark Lord he was nothing but a boy neglected by his father and suffocated by his mother. He refused to be that boy again. That boy was a disgrace, a cancerous whelp that had found salvation in the Dark Lord. He howled in annoyance. His sweet revenge for his master could only be completed once Harry Potter was dead. Preferably, Barty wanted him to be squirming in pain at his feet first. But yes. Harry Potter needed to die. Of the year Barty had spent with the famous Harry Potter disguised as Mad-Eye Moody, Barty had learnt two things about him: One, the boy definitely lived up to his name but lacked sheer common sense. Two, his friends were his everything. Suddenly, a cruel smile played on his quivering lips. He recalled a certain little witch, a brave little lion with mangled hair that had spat out the Killing Curse to him on his first lesson with the miscreants. Oh, he had singled her out on purpose after the wretch had interrupted his game with the snivelling Longbottom. His thoughts paused as the room spun for a moment. His eyelids drooped for a second, waiting for darkness to take hold of him, but like a flash he was in control again. Yes, the witch had ended his pleasure of being able to torture the child of Frank and Alice Longbottom without so much as touching him...just by screaming for him to stop. The scream had been a wake up call and a memory all at once. He had been so transfixed on the squirming insect, of Neville's distorted face struggling not to faint, that when the girl's shrill cry rang out he was pulled back to when he had tortured the Longbottoms. Bellatrix, Rabastan and Rodolphus Lestrange had had what they needed from the broken aurors. However, Barty had taken no part in it, only watching hungrily, and when it was done eagerness had poured out of his body. He had wanted a turn. And it was Bellatrix Lestrange that had fed that desire. She told him to have fun . To do it . He hadn't needed anymore persuading. Like a rabid dog released, he had lunged at Frank Longbottom first. Hearing his whimpered and withered screams had been bliss . Finally, he was hearing someone else's pained cries instead of his own. And then, oh then little Alice Longbottom had screamed at him to stop. So he did. So he did it to her instead. If Barty Crouch Jr was sure of anything, his Cruciatus Curse had been the one to send Frank and Alice Longbottom into insanity. His tattered mind relished in that memory, before he and the others had been caught and sent to Azkaban. He shuddered. No. His mind was wandering too far away from his objective. He needed to think about the little lion. Granger. If he was to kill Harry Potter than he would do it through her. He could have done it as easily through the Weasley runt, but really, where was the fun in that? He finally stopped pacing. Barty was quite perturbed at why he had decided to apparate to the Riddle House. It had been the last time he had seen his master, in this very house, and after lighting up King's Cross with his dark mark all his thoughts had drawn him here. No wonder the Dark Lord had killed his muggle father in this house, it was awful and cold and luxurious in a sickening way. He believed very few knew of the Dark Lord's true blood status but it made no real difference, the Dark Lord's power was all the more extraordinary by being a half-blood. He had been trusted with that information. Only he and Pettigrew. The room spun again. Ice crackled in his chest at the momentary lapse in his control and by the time he regained it blood was dribbling down his chin. He hastened to the dusty mirror above the fireplace and swiped the dust away with a hand. What met him in the reflection was wild, black eyes and greasy dark hair and a chunk ripped out of his bottom lip. He had bitten a chunk of his own lip. With the wand he had stolen from a drunken wizard stumbling out of the Leaky Cauldron, Barty muttered a few words and slowly the chunk began to rise like yeasted bread until his dry lips were whole again. He lapped up his own blood, the copper tase keeping his mind in the present. He couldn't afford to relapse this regularly. He decided it then. While he saw the crazed, yet determined man in the mirror, Barty decided he would indeed go after Granger. The little lion would be hard to break and her smart little brain would know to shield herself against the Imperius Curse and Legilimency alike. No matter. Barty prided himself in being a skilled Legilimens and would be able to read her thoughts with ease as soon as she met his eyes. If he intimidated her enough, he could break down those barriers of hers. The thought made him tremble with sadistic pleasure. And as he looked around the dismal room, Barty realised he had the perfect place to put her. Once I had the idea I couldn't stop myself from writing it, especially after reading so many Barty Crouch Jr fanfics last night. Not sure when I'll update this but I will attempt to. Also, I haven't decided if this will be a BartyxHermione fanfic yet or not...we'll see in the future.