just smiled at him. Finally, the song ended. Harry and Ron didn't even need to talk to each other as they shuffled off the dance floor. Harry felt like McGonagall was sending them glares for coping out on dancing so quick. But she just said that one dance. "Want to go before someone asks you to dance with them?" asked Ron, his breath tickling Harry's neck. "Yes," said Harry, standing quickly. They headed out to the fairy garden, thankfully not too many students had come out here yet, most probably still wanting to dance. But Harry and Ron still looked around until they found a bench in what seemed a nice secluded spot. They sat down, bumping shoulders. Ron used a warming spell, muttering something about dress robes being made to hold the spell longer. "Thank you for coming with me," said Harry, giving Ron a smile. "I couldn't imagine what would have happened if I had to ask someone else." Ron smiled and then blushed. "Sorry about all that," said Ron and then sighed. Then he seemed to steel himself and looks over at Harry looking very serious. "Is this… are we… my mom will expect…" Ron collapses on himself, face in his hands. Harry tries to figure out what he meant. Then Ron turned and there was a moment where Harry could have pulled back, and he probably should have, because Ron doesn't so much kiss him as headbutt him with his lips. Harry falls over and tries not to laugh. That had to be the worst attempt to kiss someone ever. "I'm an idiot," said Ron, and Harry sat back onto the bench and smiled at his friend. This was ok. Harry hadn't ever considered it before. Being with Ron as more as a friend. To have a relationship with him. What would that even entail? Did he want that? Did he feel like he was attracted to Ron? He had never really considered it? Even after this hole December debacle, it was mostly what other people wanted. Doing what was easy. But Harry looked at the chess pin he'd given to Ron, blushing the frills away from it. He touched the one Ron had given to him. Then he looked up to see Ron had turned the same color as his hair. Harry slowly leaned in, being careful to try to actually have a nice kiss. Their lips touch. It's brief, just a brush of chapped lips against each other. There's no sparks. There's just them. There's just warmth, and even after their faces move away, Harry smiles and snuggles in for a moment. "Ok," said Harry. Because his heart is pounding, and he's smiling, and this is all he wants. "You want this right?" "Yes," said Ron, but there is a moment. Harry takes a breath, and stops acting silly, and looks up at his friend who quickly tries to explain his hesitation. "It's just… after everything and what I've been brought up to believe. My parents always promised I could date a girl if I wanted to and there was Hermione and suddenly everyone said I had to be with you. And it wasn't you, you're my best friend. It was that I had to be with you," said Ron nervously. "Hermione?" asked Harry. Ron shrugged, and Harry's sure he couldn't turn redder. "It's just, she's so snappy," said Ron. Harry isn't sure what to say here. Is Ron really happy? Does he really want to go out with Harry, or is he still feeling pressured? "But Harry, when I thought about what would have happened in the Second Task if I was the Champion, you were my precious person." Harry was sure they were about to kiss again when someone crashed into their little corner. They quickly sprang apart, putting about a foot between them. It was Krum holding drinks. "Vara is Herm-own-ninny?" he asked, holding out his drinks. "Why would we know?" asked Ron sounding very short with the other champion. Krum made a face. "She is your friend," he pointed out. Ron snorted, looking away. "We thought she was still dancing with you," said Harry, trying to break the tension as Ron sulked. Victor shrugged. Then looked funny at Harry. "Herm-own-ninny tells me you vere never really going out," said Victor, his voice sounding skeptical. "No, that was just Rita Skeeter causing…" Harry looked for a word. Victor nodded. "Yes, I know reporters like her. My mom has a wonderful system for discrediting them," said Victor, his smile taking on an almost evil edge. "I could help you with her." "You'll send your mother after Rita Skeeter?" asked Ron, sounding both confused and impressed. Krum laughed shaking his head. "She is too far avay, but Herm-own-ninny is very smart," said Krum. "I think she would enjoy that," Harry couldn't help but say. Krum nodded then looked down at his drinks. "Harry, Ron," said Hermione coming around the corner. She smiled at Krum and took one of their drinks. Then she turned back to Ron and Harry with a disappointed frown. "You need to come back to the ball, the professors are starting to miss you. You don't want rumors to start do you." "Oh, Hermione," said Ron. Hermione glared at him and Krum laughed. "I'll get everyone a drink," Krum said disappearing into the maze. Hermione pointed to make Harry and Ron walk in front of her so she could watch him. Ron groaned, standing. Harry stood and then jumped in surprise when Ron surprised him with a quick kiss. Hermione groaned and then laughed. Going and standing between them and throwing her arms over their shoulders. Harry and Ron shared a look over her head. All smiles, still the three best of friends. But they were growing up, and things would change, but they would figure it out together. And no matter what, Harry knew Ron would always be one of his Precious People. He would always be his family.