he wiped them away, he spotted a young girl with bushy brown hair and brown eyes. She couldn't be older than eleven. "And who are you?" he asked. He had never seen her before. The child just snorted and crossed her arms. In the meantime, Sirius disappeared. "No wonder you don't recognise me as you abandoned me before I was even born," she said, her voice full of contempt. "Hermione?" he asked. He couldn't believe it. His child, his little precious child who wasn't even born yet, was standing before him. Being a lot older than she should be. "That would be me," she answered, even though Regulus could feel that she didn't want to be with him here. And he couldn't blame her for that. "I'm sorry, my dear," he started. He had no idea what else he should say now. It was all his fault and he deserved the worst. "Don't bother, father ," said the little witch. "Because I'll never forgive you." There was a moment of silence. The wizard had a feeling as if his daughter had just smacked him across the face. Sweet Merlin. She hated him. "Hermione..." "How could you?" she began angrily, and he didn't even have a chance to finish his sentence. "How could you leave me? How could you do this to me?" "I wanted you to be safe... I wanted you to be proud of me," he whispered. "Proud of you?" the girl snorted. "Why should I be proud of a Death Eater? The one who abandoned his family?" It was when Regulus realised what just happened. He ordered Kreacher not to inform anyone about what happened to him if he wasn't able to return home. And it seemed that he wasn't – Hermione thought that he just abandoned her. "I needed a father," she continued, "and all I got is the title of the heir." In pure-blood families, there was a hierarchy. The most important person in family was of course the head. The head of family was responsible for representing the family in Wizengamot and head's decision considering any decisions in the family was law. Other members were obligated to fulfil whatever the head wanted. The head has a power to disown or bring back to the family whoever they want. The current head of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black was Regulus' father, Orion Black. The second most important person was the heir (or the heiress). The heir was future head of the family and the person the family protected the most. If something happened to the head, the heir was becoming the leader of the family no matter how old he or she was. At this moment, Regulus himself was the heir (but it seemed that it won't last long). His brother should have been the heir, however, he was disowned as soon as he announced that his beliefs differed from the rest of the Blacks. It was important, because if Orion died before his older son was disowned, Sirius would be untouchable and could chance the family politics. "Do you even know how hard it is for me? Do you know what people whisper behind my back? That I'm the coward Death Eater's brat. Grandmother Walburga and aunt Narcissa are too overprotective over me. I can't even go alone to the garden because they are afraid that I'll disappear just like you." "My dear..." "Forget it, father ," she spat. "You've ruined my life. And for that – I hate you with all my heart. I won't forgive you. Ever." And with those words, the girl turned on her heel and walked away. "Hermione, please, come back!" he cried after his daughter and intended to get up but he wasn't able to. He was too weak. "Please, child, come back! I did this for you. Please, forgive me. I love you, Hermione, please, come back!" But she never returned. She didn't even bother to look at him again. The wizard started crying again. He was in pain and he felt miserable. Hermione was right. He had ruined everything. He was pathetic. "Master Regulus?" he heard a voice and felt as someone shook him. "Master Regulus?" He opened his eyes, taking a deep breath. He was lying on the ground, shaking terribly. The old house-elf was standing next to him, looking at him with fear. "Kreacher?" he whispered. He wasn't able to talk louder. "What happened?" "You passed out, Master," said the small creature. "You had hallucinations and were calling the unborn Mistress." The Black heir sighed with relief. It was just a dream. A nightmare. His daughter didn't hate him. It all happened just in his head. There was still a chance to fix everything. "Did you switch the lockets?" he asked. "No, Master," Kreacher lowered his ears. "There's still one more cup of potion to drink." "Help me to get up," he said, and with the house-elf's help, he got up from the ground. "And give me the goblet. Then switch lockets and take us home." "Yes, Master," said Kreacher, and a moment later, the boy started drinking the last portion of the liquid. The old creature was about to switch lockets, when suddenly he heard as something fell to the ground. The house-elf turned his head and saw as the unconscious wizard rolled into the water surrounding the island. Kreacher wanted to save his master, but before he could do anything, he had to switch lockets as it was his order which he was unable to disobey. Then, he rushed towards his master, but it was already too late. Unknown to Regulus, date 19th September, 1979 didn't appeared only next to his name on the family tree. The same date ended the life of Charlotte Black née Delacour who died right after she gave birth to her little daughter, and it started the life of Hermione Jean Black. The heiress of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black. Thoughts ?