been trained to call his elders 'sir' or something - most families raise their children that way," Ron said, having the most experience on the pureblood front, out of the three of them. "I wonder what house he'll be in?" Harry said. "Slytherin," Hermione said. "Likewise," Harry said. "What on Earth makes you think that?" Ron asked. "According to you, Ronald, he's a pureblood, and from a pretty high-up family too, and if that is true, it's quite likely that he'll end up in the pureblood-supremacist house. Also, I'm unaware of whether either of you noticed, but there's something not right about him; not bad, or anything, just, not good…" Hermione said, turning to look out of the window. "Cryptic as always, 'Mione," Harry replied. "We're going to need to be more cryptic this year, now that Voldemort is back - we can't risk anything, especially with Malfoy - his family will be at the centre of it all." "What about everyone else? They all thought you were lying last year," Ron said. "We'll just have to deal with their stubborn-headedness - there's not much more we can do if we have no evidence," Harry said. "No evidence except Cedric Diggory's death, or the Dementor attack, or any of the attacks on both wizards and Muggles!" Ron shouted. "There's no proof it was Death Eaters, or Voldemort - until there's rock solid proof that he really is back, we have no choice but deal with it." It was less than an hour between Will and the giant's interaction before the train stopped at the station - it was now pitch black, except for the lights in the station. "All first years join me!" Another giant shouted - this giant was different, though; he made everyone else look like dwarfs - he was very tall and very large, and he had a very bushy brown beard. Making his way through the large crowd, Will found himself with the other first years, crowding around this giant. "My name is Rubeus Hagrid - I will be taking you to the boats to the castle - if everyone could group into four or five," he said. It was very quickly apparent that everyone had already met prior to the occasion, so whilst everyone else was in groups, Will stood in the middle, alone. "Just join that group over there," Hagrid said, pointing to a group of three, made up of a larger than life boy, who could have easily been two people, and a pair of identical twins, who were exactly the same, down to the same vacant expression they wore. "Follow me!" Hagrid shouted. It was a rather long trip, just to reach the boats - they walked for about twenty minutes, which gave time for Will's nerves to build up; he had no idea what to expect, and although his nerves had laid dormant for the past two days, because he was more excited to finally be out of Trius, the council estate in Swansea, he was now rather terrified. Once they had reached the boats, however, all his nerves disappeared once more - it was truly a magical sight - towering over the lake was a castle, that had a copious amount of towers, and statues littered across the building; it sat on top of what could only be described as a mountain - all the candle lights in the castle were lit, creating an orange glow around the castle. The masterpiece was reflected in the lake below, only adding to the magic. "One group at a time into the boats - begin sailing ahead, but don't row too far until everyone is on the water." The boats that Hagrid was talking about were small wooden rowing boats that had certainly gone through a great ordeal, but weren't unsafe - at the front, there was a lantern hanging on a stick, and there seemed to be no oars. Then again, this was Hogwarts - they probably rowed themselves. Group by group, they stepped onto the six boats, Will's group being the last. "If anyone falls in, we're not going back," said the snobby-looking, chubby boy who had an even higher pointed nose than everyone else Will had seen so far. He had a slicked back, trimmed head of white-blonde hair that was almost the same colour as his paper-white skin, the black robes only making his skin look even more transparent, and eyes that were unnaturally blue, standing out on his porcelain skin. "Especially you," he said, poking his fat finger into Will's thin chest, twisting his finger hard into the skin, though the clothes - Will knew that the single act would leave another bruise on his multicoloured chest. " You fall in and we'll leave you to the merpeople - they may look nice on the outside, but will eat you up in seconds," he spat, removing his finger from Will's chest, dramatically swooping his robes in a superior manner, as he turned round to board the small wooden boat, that Will thought would skin as soon as the boy stepped on it. Unfortunately, it stayed afloat. "I won't fall in, sir," Will muttered to himself, even though none of the others had heard him, his nerves, which seemed to be fluctuating at the same rate as his heart was beating, returning - what if everyone was like the boy? His encounter with the group of nice-seeming giant was being pushed to the back of his brain because of his experience with this boy. The group of four climbed into the boat, Will being placed at the back, so that, according to the pig-like boy, the group weren't forced to look at the back of his ugly head, and the boat began moving, joining the rest of the boats that began their journey to the ancient castle ahead of them. Even with everyone else on the boat, it seemed to stay afloat, almost floating above the water, like magic.