was delightfully impressed, oh he knew his price. Why, the arrangements were made right here, play the crowd right and he'd be wed before the morning. The Manor felt the loss of a Mistress keenly, as did the Elves, some of them even making so bold about finding a young witch so there could be more babies. This could go his way if he held to the facts. "Anyone else?" Kingsley asked. Wary of the gleam in Lucius' eyes, he arched his eyebrow in Lucius direction who replied in kind. "Does anyone else have a say in whether this marriage ought to be?" A man stood up. A man that made Hermione's complexion pale considerably, he helped up a woman that finally opened the dam within Hermione's emotional walls. They breached and collapsed. Instantly tears coursed down her cheeks, streaking her face with the make-up Ginny spent hours perfecting, as her sole focus was on the couple standing beside Lucius. "We do!" they said as one. "Mum?" her voice wobbled. "Dad?" The couple hurried crablike out of the row. Once in the aisle they ran to their daughter, Hermione met them in the middle of the rushing into their arms, hugging each other fiercely grasping onto each other. Hermione drowned in her fathers scent of Bleu de Chanel and her mothers Chanel No5. Hermione's mother shushed and smoothed her hair, her father just remained quiet but sobbed all the same on his precious daughter's shoulder. They parted and Hermione took in the sight of her amazing and wonderful parents whom she thought she had lost forever. "How... what... when..." Her father laughed: "A long story, my joy," he said. "Oh but look at how wonderful you are my brave, beautiful, sweet little girl!" Her mother just continued touching Hermione's face, arms, hands, hair just to feel her underneath her fingers and hands. "Darling," she whispered again and again, "my gorgeous little flower!" she hugged her again. Another voice broke through the re-union. Ronald had been revived, not kindly, by Harry who glared hatefully at him. "Excuse my French, but what the bloody hell is going on here? Who invited Lucius bloody Malfoy? And What Is This Damned Rite of Gryffindor? As for Pansy Parkinson, who'd believe I'd sleep with that bitch once, let alone repeating the horrible experience of seeing her pug face over and again?" Pansy's eyes welled up. That was not what he said to her a week ago when he was ranting at the wedding. He was kind, loving, forgiving of her treatment of him in school. Well, Pansy would show him. She reached inside her handbag and pulled out a miniature pensive that she enlarged on the grounds. Then she pulled out several vials of wispy memories. "Here is the proof Minister Shacklebolt," she declared triumphantly. Molly had fainted. Ginny had begun berating her brother at the altar. Severus sidled up to Lucius. "Is the Rite a real thing or something you made up?" he asked. "Why, old friend, you wound me," Lucius smiled. A real smile that crinkled around his eyes and mouth. "It is a real Rite. Once the hubbub has died down and all the guests are out of the way and family only remaining I shall go into it." "This is going to be a long horrible night I can feel it," Severus moaned. "Oh lighten up old boy, we have a wonder in our midst, gaze upon a family reunited – oblivious to everyone but themselves – see how Miss Granger is glowing with love at holding her parents once more. The spark of adoration in their eyes. That is surely a positive for this night, is it not?" "There is the matter of the price to be paid," snarled Severus. "Ah yes," Lucius turned and smirked. "I shall discuss that later as well. Severus," he patted the other man's back. "You must learn to take things as they come." A life time of being Lucius friend made Severus chary of the blond man's motive. Instead, Lucius stood there, admiring the warmth sparkling in Hermione's eyes. Suddenly she turned her gaze to Lucius and, even though she did not know how or why yet she kept on looking at him and eventually mouthed: Thank you , to him before turning her attention back to Helen and Alexander Granger, her parents that she loved more than anything else in the world. It took hours for the chaos to desist and the friends portion of the guests to leave. Molly had recovered and was determined to look into poor Pansy's memories. She wanted to see for herself the kind of child she had bred into this world. No matter how sick she may feel in doing so. Narrator What happened next is for another time, dear reader, for as night descends even I – the narrator of this sordid tale – must close my eyes to sleep; awaiting a fairer day than the last. Alas, though, spare a thought for the characters in the story, for most, if not all, do not sleep on the night that the most scandalous bonding ceremony in Wizarding Britain, took place. Do not fret, there is more to come, explanations to give and more scandals to reveal in every licentious little detail. How did the Granger's recover from enforced amnesia? Why did Ronald propose to Hermione if he was seeing another? What was Lucius motive in the first place? So I go, to leave you and ponder on these questions, as well as the revelations already shown. I bid you all good night. AN : This is kind of different to my usual style but I had so much fun writing it x All mistakes are my own x Just a nudge, if you are on Facebook I do have an Author's page, called Silver Lioness , please - if you are there like and follow, you will get plunny ideas mentioned, sneak peeks, artworks, and more!