find a tall red haired boy, whose jaw had dropped at the sight of the man. Harry, however, didn't seem fazed by the man's size. To Hermione's surprise, he'd grinned and greeted the man like an old friend. "How do you know him?" Hermione demanded, her voice coming off much ruder than she'd expected. "He's Hagrid, the one who took me to Diagon Alley to buy all my school things," Harry explained. "Wow. I had no idea he looked like this ," Neville replied, his eyes roving over the giant gamekeeper. Further conversation was halted as Hagrid explained that they'd be getting to the castle by boat. They'd be crossing the Great Lake by groups of four. Hermione, Harry, and Neville were joined in their boat by a blond girl in pigtails who'd introduced herself as Hannah Abbott. After the introductions, no one felt like talking. It just didn't seem to be the time. Hogwarts Castle loomed over them, and Hermione spent the entire boat ride taking in the sight of it, still hardly daring to believe that this was to be her school for the next seven years. It felt like something out of a dream. They disembarked after what felt like no time, and Hagrid led the way inside the castle. Everyone stared in silence. Though they'd only seen the entrance so far, Hermione figured if the rest of the castle was as grand as that, it would make for an interesting year. All too soon the woman Hermione recognized as Professor McGonagall was leading them into the Great Hall. Hermione immediately recognized the ceiling that was bewitched to look like the night sky, which she eagerly told Harry, who nodded in amazement. Professor McGonagall led them to the front of the hall, where they stood facing the rest of the students. They sat at four long tables, which Hermione understood to represent the four houses. They stood, waiting and watching as Professor McGonagall placed an old hat on top of a stool. "When I say your name, you will come forth and place the hat on your head. After you have been Sorted into your House, you will sit at the appropriate table." She waited until they'd all given affirmative nods, then called, "ABBOTT, HANNAH!" The girl who'd joined Harry, Hermione, and Neville in their boat nervously stepped forth and sat on the stool. She'd worn the hat for not even a minute before the hat declared her a Hufflepuff. Down the line they went. All too soon it was Hermione's turn. Her heart was racing about a mile a minute as she sat down and placed the hat on top of her head. "Hmm," whispered a voice inside her head. Hermione started. "Well, this is difficult. So many qualities…I see quite a bit of ambition…But there's also an impressive desire for knowledge…And courage…So much courage…Where should I put you?" Hermione didn't say anything, but thought about the conversation she'd had with her friends back on the train. How they didn't seem too keen on Slytherin, and how Gryffindor seemed to be the house they wanted most. Somehow the hat seemed to know this, because it said, "Gryffindor appeals to you, I see. You would do well there. But Ravenclaw also seems to be a good fit. You would do well in Ravenclaw. But the courage I sense…Gryffindor would serve you well." Hermione wasn't sure if she was imagining it, but she thought she could sense the crowd's growing impatience. How long would she be given before the hat was taken off her head and Professor McGonagall declared her House for her? "I think the answer is clear. Though both Houses would serve you well, it would be more prudent to put you in…GRYFFINDOR!" The last word was announced to the entire Great Hall, which erupted into applause. Relieved, Hermione took off the hat and hurried to join the Gryffindor table. She shook hands with the older Gryffindors nearest her before turning to watch the rest of the Sorting. Finally it was Neville's turn. His face paled as he stepped forth to put on the hat. He sat there for what felt like ages before the hat announced that he, too, would be a Gryffindor. Pleased, Hermione beamed as Neville took a seat beside her. They sat through several more students, and then it was Harry's turn. Hermione crossed her fingers as he placed the hat on his head. She barely registered the intrigued murmuring that had sprung up at the mention of his name. "GRYFFINDOR!" The hat announced after a few minutes. Hermione joined her fellow house mates as they jumped to their feet and applauded their excitement that the famous Harry Potter would join them. Hermione, Neville, and Harry all whispered their amazement that they'd all been placed in the same house, and Hermione barely registered the final two students that got placed. A boy named Ron Weasley became a Gryffindor, and tried to squeeze in to sit on Harry's other side, while Blaise Zabini became a Slytherin. "This is going to be an excellent year!" Hermione couldn't help but exclaim after they'd nearly put themselves into a food coma after the feast. A boy who could only be Ron Weasley's brother due to the red hair immediately stood up and asked for the first years to follow them to their dormitory. All too soon it was time for bed. Hermione bade Neville and Harry goodnight before turning to go into the girl's dormitory. She was immediately followed in by the two other female Gryffindor first years, who bombarded her with questions about Harry Potter. "What's he like?" "He seems so nice." "How'd you become friends already?" Hermione answered their questions well into the night, and by the time they finally got into bed, it was well past midnight. She fell into a peaceful sleep, dreaming about the classes she'd be starting the following day. It had easily been the best day of her life.