Seven This was it. When the bet ended. When two people found true love. When she won fifty Galleons. During fifth year, every other teacher in the faculty had bet against her. Meaning that of she won she would be rich. And if she lost... Well, hullo to another twenty years of teaching. She could see it. Everyone could see it. The SLYTHERINS could see it. Including Snape too. Anyone could tell from his dark and brooding manner that he watched Lily and James laugh and talk through jealous eyes. Now, all that was needed was for Potter to ask her out on a date. She couldn't blame him for being hesitant. After being shot down so many times, it was obvious one more refusal could do some serious damage. He probably treasured Evans as a friend too much to ask her out. But didn't the foolish boy see that Evans liked him back? She always blushed and twirled her hair around him. They were so often together that they were practically joined at the hip. Whenever she was in class teaching, she could see Evans looking at Potter, then hurriedly looking down at her parchment and taking notes again. The girl seemed a bit in denial. Then again, if you liked a person who used to come up with the most awful pick up lines, that was completely understandable. Oh, he was going to find out soon. She was not the best actress in Hogwarts. In fact, she was quite far from it. McGonagall could tell that all her friends had figured it out, and kept winking slyly and smiling insanely whenever Potter was around. Then Evans would blush madly and then whack them over the head with a book. One day, in the Great Hall, she saw Potter approach Evans. It was dinner, and she really did not want a foodfight to break out. Otherwise Filch would throw another great big fit. Of course she wasn't using it as an excuse to watch them like a hawk. Her Animagus was a cat, for Merlin's sake! Cats had much better eyesight and hearing. She saw Evans have a look of fear, freezing like a deer in headlights. There was a suspicious glint in Potter's eyes. "Hello, Lily," he drawled. She quickly regained her composure and looked at him coolly. Except her eyes had a wild, frenzied look to them that were darting around, looking for an escape route. Obviously McGonagall wasn't the only observant one. A glint like that spelt one thing: T-R-O-U-B-L-E. And S-E-C-R-E-T-S. Both of which were fatal to Lily Evans. So being the amazing, cool and admired Transfiguration professor she was, she did the one thing she could: She sat back, relaxed, and watched the Galleons roll in. "Hello, James," she said back politely. They had moved to first name status. What an achievement! "What can I do for you?" "Well, you see…" Everyone else was still talking and laughing with their group of friends, and McGonagall was the only one eyeing them subtly. "I've heard a rumour somewhere." Oh, just SNOG her already Potter! "And what does that have to do with me?" She threw back defiantly. He gave a feral grin before leaning in closer to her. "Well, I've heard that someone likes me," he said. Finally. FINALLY he hit the jackpot! She amusedly watched Evans turn red, then pure white as all the blood rushed from her face pure terror. Oh yes, she definitely liked him. "And?" She inquired, trying not to act like their closeness bothered het. "And I've heard," he said softly. "It's a particular redhead with green eyes." She froze. Evans completely froze up. Her body was going into lockdown mode. "Hell," Potter said, leaning back. "I didn't know I had that kind of effect on her." He snapped his fingers in front of her frantically. "Lily? Lily? God, is she always this dramatic?" She finally met his gaze. "Uh." Then she stood up and fled. SO MUCH FOR GRYFFINDOR COURAGE. Now it would be up to her, Minerva McGonagall, to fix this. They would really be the death of her. "May I see Miss Evans after class today?" She asked at the end of her Transfiguration lesson. "Everyone else is free to go." Potter wasn't in this Transfiguration NEWT class, for some reason a lot of Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs had chosen to take it. She saw Evans gulp and turn white. "Now, I know you have been, ah, confronted, lately about… your slight… crush... on Potter." In response, she gaped at her. "Wh-… I… that…" She interrupted her stammering. "Now I would usually be ecstatic about that. But running from him in the Great Hall like a Slytherin or Ravenclaw? Not very smart, considering you are Head Girl and near the top at every class. I want you to march up to Potter, and tell him how you really feel. Because I want to see you become Lily Potter and I want that thousand Galleons badly. Do you understand me?" "You… you BET on us? Professor! I-" "No excuses! Move it!" She physically shoved her out of the classroom. "And I expect results within five minutes!" Ah, how sweet it was to see Evans' look of panic. And how sweet it was when she marched up to Potter, smacked away all the other girls crowding around him, and snogged him in the middle of the Great Hall. And how sweet that he responded. Of course, she couldn't have predicted the massive PDA that would haunt the seventh years for the rest of the term. Seeing them locked together at their arms was so, so disgustingly… couple-y. But it was so, so, SO worth it when she won that thousand Galleons from all the other teachers. She just hoped she was invited to their wedding. And she expected a heartfelt, thank you speech from both of them. She was the one who got Lily and James Potter together, after all.