him to life was going to be one satisfied witch indeed. "Hermione, you realise once we've mated I will fiercely protect you against anything," he puffed out as he thrust deeper into her making sure she knew what and whom she belonged to now. "I will not take interlopers. This is the only reason why you are permitted to tell your friends of this. I. Will. Not. Tolerate. Boys. Drooling. Over. You. When. You. Are. MINE!" The last word yelled as he came inside her, his legs jolting furiously with the might of his orgasm, as Hermione dug her nails deeply into his flesh. The sounds of Hermione's panting was a romantic symphony to his ears, breasts bouncing with every thrust downwards, as she continued squeezing his rod with her own brand of possessiveness. Still seeking her own true fulfilment. Snape, being the unselfish lover that he was, angled down his delicious digits to her clit: "Come, Hermione, come be my mate." "Yes," she breathed as he played and rolled her clit around his thumb and forefinger. "Repeat after me: I Am Severus Snape Witch, I Belong to no other man!" This was cruel, he knew, but he wanted to hear it being said. The Veela demanded to know that it was in control. Panting with darkened eyes that Severus found too captivating, cheeks red and gleaming from their exercise, lips swollen and parted. Snape had never seen anything more beautiful in his life and could not wait to see her round with child. "I belong to Severus Snape, no other man shall have me!" she purred. "Not quoted directly from the source?" he mocked. "My if this is what Eros Embrace does to your brain I may make you write essays in the throes of passion." "You always tell me to paraphrase," she replied. "Please help me come, sir!" It was the sir that made him cave in. His penis had hardened within her and he thrust whilst pinching her clit – the harder the thrust the tighter the pinch until Hermione screamed so loud he was certain it went into the veil to mock Black. Once the haze had settled, Hermione slowly slipped off Snape and gazed shyly up at him through her lashes: "I cannot wait to be bitten by you, and be yours forever-more, Severus," she dragged his head down by the nape of his neck to kiss him once more before she let go and shakily got dressed. "By the way," she smirked a little, "Black was hopeless in bed – there is such a thing as being too gentlemanly – he was far too needy . You're just right." "Because we are meant to be, the Veela within knows this, and does what will only give you the greatest of pleasure, now no one can hurt you without me knowing it." Hmm, she licked her lips, so I am now Severus Snape's mate – and I do not seem overly bothered by this. Should this be concerning? Oh Merlin, he said I can tell Ron and Harry – how in Godric's Name – am I supposed to get that into normal everyday conversation? Bewildered by what happened she decided to walk down to the Great Hall and mull things over in her head whilst peering up at the enchanted sky lying flat on her back on the table. If she was told off – she would just move onto the bench. Once he was on his own, Severus rushed his robes back on and dashed to the Floo: "Albus, gather the Order, I need to make a confession." Two hours later everyone was seated around the large sitting room of Grimmauld Place. Severus could feel someone's eyes on him and he turned to see whom it was. Fleur widened her eyes in surprise. Bill turned and nodded at his old teacher as did Charlie. Remus however glared blackly at Snape. "Well, Severus, what is this meeting you desired to be about?" Albus blue eyes twinkled. "I have been keeping a secret from everyone," Severus sighed. "There was a time when my mother's side of the family were contracted, for a time, to marry Veela's – the eldest son seemed to always succeed in finding a Veela mate. This was centuries ago and suddenly the practice died out. However," he took in a deep breath. "My Veela has been dormant, so much so I did not know it was there. At first it was awoken by a friend of the past but she clearly was not meant to be as..." "You would die," Fleur murmured, "yes, it iz sad, no!" "Then it went dormant completely after she married someone else, so I thought little of it until today when it suddenly found someone and this time my Veela would not take no for an answer. I have yet to claim her in the truest sense of the word but..." he decided to look at Fleur hoping she could restore the calm for when the torrent of abuse was going to be hurled at him: "I have seduced her thoroughly enough making my intentions known clearly, as my mate is not a dunderhead, she would know the significance." "May we know who the mate is?" Arthur asked. Good old sturdy Arthur, this would be the point where the Order Meeting would descend into anarchy: "This is the part I am dreading to relate to you, but tell it so I must," he sank down on the chair he had previously been sitting on, "you see," he sighed, "it turns out my mate is... um... Hermione Granger..." … Deathly silence rang over all ... AN : So this idea has been sitting around for awhile now. Four different types of callings. Same witch. One Order Member, one Spy, two Death Eaters... poor Hermione... sigh... Anyway... I wanted to get this up before I go on my holiday. This will be a little more smutty than my usual...