However, she won't because the foliage changes, and there are challenges to overcome. When she is inside the house, she will be trapped there until the baby is born. We will know through the wards who the baby belongs to," he looked at Lucius a little wary of the reason why the blond with an heir already wanted to play. The more players the less likely he'd get a chance! "That person is eliminated from playing again. Once the Maze accepts the three players – all three players has to impregnate her. She could be here for years if that is the case. Oh and yes, Bellatrix will be able to let in more players if others desire to join." "I'd like to play then," said a voice behind them. All three men jumped out of their skin, until they saw Severus Snape and, rather bewilderingly, Kingsley Shacklebolt standing there. Severus Snape was no surprise to them. He'd been wanting a chance to play since he was an awkward, gangly youth. Kingsley's presence, however, did shock them. What was an Order member doing here? "I would like to be permitted to play!" Three eyebrows arched with precise precision – Kingsley Shacklebolt – Head Auror, willing to play with a fertility hedge to get witch unknown, pregnant? They were rubbing their hands with glee. More the merrier. The more rounded and pregnant whoever she was, was for the better. Rabastan though was rather petulant. Two more bowls of runic silver, filled with crystal clear water, appeared by their feet. Both Severus and Kingsley prepared their feet the way the other three did. "We must get her out of here," Kingsley muttered to Severus. "This is the first known Fertility Hedge in Britain. This Hedge is the reason we have the sacred twenty-eight," hissed Severus as he set aside his dragon hide boots and plain black cashmere socks whilst rolling the hem of his trousers up to reveal skinny white shins. "If either of us mates with Hermione perhaps there would be a sacred 29... do not mess with this hedge. It lures in the female by stimulating and awakening her sexuality. Her Inner Nymph, if Hermione has been trapped here then we all have to bed her when it is our turn. There is no escape for Hermione until she has a child from each and everyone of us!" "Why did you not stop her from entering then?" snapped the Auror. "Because the hedge almost killed her familiar, Crookshanks is not just a pet, but he is her familiar. Crookshanks is in there now, thankfully the hedge does know the difference between human and animal." Kingsley nodded, they were both ready. Walking with purpose towards the heavy oak door oval at the top and square at the bottom, with the iron handle and key: "Ready men" Rabastan said with a smirk. "One, two, three, I turn the key;" which he did and they all heard the click. "Four, five, six – to hide amongst the sticks," bad poetry there, Severus thought. "Seven, eight, nine, whoever you are witch you'll be theirs and mine." The door opened, a light golden glow emanated through the lock. This meant their instincts were right, there was a witch inside. For muggles it emitted a purple glow and opened much more slowly. As if reluctant to allow its Wizards to mate with a lesser known species. "Ten, eleven, twelve; in we delve," the door grew wider to accommodate all five men. "Thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, divide three is the number of our team. Sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen and twenty: We will all love the witch a-plenty..." The chant being said by the youngest brother as was tradition, the men stepped through the door. The maze opened up one tunnel of foliage for one to go through, for it closed as soon as Lucius – the honoured guest, casually sauntered in first. Next was Rodolphus the eldest Lestrange and eldest overall. Holding a cocky swagger as he was determined to find this witch first. Rabastan was next, he left with a florid bow to the other two. "Glad to make your acquaintance, Shacklebolt. Happy hunting good fellows all!" The mouth opened once again and Severus, being next eldest, stepped through; "No heroics, Kingsley, we play this game as honourably as we can, understood?" then he spun on his heel, his cloak flapping in the breeze from the tunnel. Kingsley waited patiently, and the hedge opened for him too. He stepped through and turned around to find the mouth had closed. He was sealed inside with three Death Eaters, a spy and a young witch oblivious to the entire scenario. Kingsley hated himself for his lust towards Hermione but he could not help it. From the first moment he saw her in dingy Grimmauld Place, he found himself captivated by her easy charm and smiles. "I'm coming for you, Hermione," he sighed as he looked at the many paths forking like a ladies fan to different sections of the Maze. Confidently, he took the one third from the left. "Please be safe..." AN : So there you have it, Hermione is trapped and is now being hunted by five gorgeous hunky Slyth... er Dea... er... Wizards... lol. By the way, I am serious about those pancake recipes. If I was to add more than another wizard to this situation - out of these three which one would you like to join: Antonin Dolohov , with Luke Evans as the fancast. Thorfinn Rowle portrayed in my head by Lee Pace . Or Fenrir Greyback portrayed in my head by Idris Elba . Also, I hope the french is perfect. NOTE : I am partaking in two writing events. My energies will be on them until they are finished. I may update any of my stories as soon as I can but one of them is really close to the deadline and I have not started. I wrote this on holiday.