at joining their ranks. If Voldemort were totally honest, the kind of honesty he showed no one else, he was almost impressed. Using the love-sick adorations of a schoolgirl to target Potter's lust had never occurred to him. It had been decades since he had last chosen seduction as his weapon of choice. "Did you interrogate him, or was all this just you having fun?" "He claimed he didn't know anything." She looked down, now all scolded little girl. "Then I just had some fun." "After bringing him here to me, I will not begrudge you some entertainment. But I do need that information." Gliding forwards, he stroked Potter's cheek and then ripped his finger away, hiding his reaction from his followers as best he could. His skin still sizzled where it had touched the boy's flesh. The protection Potter received from his grandfather, of course. It had been five years since he last felt that searing pain, and he had let it slip from his mind. Now he was reminded. Seizing Potter by the hair this time, he pulled the boy's head up until they were glaring at each other. "I suppose I'll just have to take it myself." The defiance in the boy's eyes shattered as he ripped his way into Potter's mind. He searched for memories of the blasted Order of the Phoenix, and they came like a flood at his command. Names, faces; not essential information since he was sure his followers could recognize many of the members, but he could still do something with that information. The news that their headquarters was located at Longbottom Manor was welcome, for he had proven that even the Fidelius was no perfect defense. Plans, plans…. He scoffed. At any other time, he would have been happy with the Light's foolish insistence on turning away another wand, but right now it meant that Potter had only the vaguest ideas about what the Order was up to. How irritating. Voldemort nearly pulled out, but then a thought crossed his mind. Sirius Black had fought alongside the Order in the trap he had set up while he attacked Hogsmeade. What would Potter know about the necromancer in their midst? He looked again. A minute later, he ceased his Legilimency and looked unseeing into the distance. Barely did he notice Potter slump bonelessly into the Lestranges' arms. "A sister," he whispered to himself. He knew there had been a second baby that Halloween night. He had blown her absence off, thinking perhaps the other child had died in childhood while he lurked in Albania. The fact that no one knew she existed supported that conclusion. That Potter and Black had been born on the same day he had thought only an ironic coincidence. Bellatrix's insistence that she had never given birth was dismissed as the product of thirteen years spent in Azkaban. And all along, the answer had been staring him in the face. Now that he knew the truth, how Black had fought him on such even ground made perfect sense. He had wasted his time focusing on Potter, on the much-lauded Boy-Who-Lived, but that title meant less than nothing. Potter was not the one named by prophecy as someone who could vanquish him; Black was. To make matters worse, he understood Black. The girl was just so much like the woman she had claimed as her mother. All that time he had spent on tasks other than pursuing her death? That was time she had spent working towards his. He had believed all his life that there was no good or evil, only power and those too weak or stupid to seek it. Black was neither. Combine that drive with her destiny and the dark secrets of magic not even he had known about until recently, and she truly could be his equal. He actually regretted that he was going to have to kill her. Were he still mortal, she would have made a most excellent heir. But those were thoughts for later. He patted Potter on the head, careful to keep the boy's hair as a barrier between their bare skin. "That was quite helpful, Danny Potter. Thank you for bringing us this information. I can only imagine how much it cost you." A quiet snicker came from Bellatrix before she sashayed up to her captive. "Too bad, itty bitty Potty. Looks like your usefulness has run out." "Just get on with it," Potter spat out. Voldemort rolled his eyes and turned away from the boy's empty bravado. He had other things to worry about. "I'm not scared of you. There are worse fates than death." The Dark Lord stopped in his tracks as a terrible, awful idea made its presence known. Nergui had said that soul magic was incredible in its flexibility, hadn't he? "Did you know," he said, turning around to look down at the mindless figurehead of the Light, "your dear Dumbledore has said that to me on more than one occasion." That earned a superior smile from the boy. "I, of course, disagreed vehemently on just as many. But while I was enjoying my vacation, I realized something. Neither he nor I have ever put that claim to the test, me because there are few instance in which keeping people alive is more useful than killing them and him because he does not have the stomach for torture or murder." He smiled, the expression rather pleasant all things considered. "I guess we'll just have to find out who's right." "He's already tried to escape," Rodolphus warned. "Did until Bellatrix broke him enough, that is." "Let me worry about that, Rodolphus." Potter's face paled with the realization of just how terrible his situation was, and Voldemort nodded. "My time away wasn't just so I could find some rest and relaxation. I've been waiting to try out a few things. "I have plans for how to make Potter a perfectly polite and proper houseguest." Silently Watches out.