guy he was and what he would do if he had prefect privileges when he was fooling around with girls. "I didn't really sign-up for that, you know." Remus laughed, "you didn't sign up at all, mate." "True," James laughed, patting Remus on the back. Lily groaned, shutting her eyes and tapping her clipboard against her forehead; just thinking , why, why, why… Finally, the train jerked and Lily nearly fell back on James, but she immediately fixed herself straight and hugged the clipboard tightly against her chest. "Right, I want sixth years leading first years up to the castle. Seventh years will lead them to their dormitories. Questions?" Lily watched as everybody began to stand up, grabbing their items and pooling out of the compartment, nearly knocking the red-head over. "No? No quest- oh, okay. Excuse me then." She waited till all the prefects had left the room, and all that seemed to be left was James Potter, standing before her with that stupid puzzled look on his face. She supposed this would be a good time for one of his annoying plans or gestures he had been pulling on her for years. They were alone together in this compartment, what would stop him? Shooting heart shaped fireworks in the middle of a Gryffindor versus Slytherin quidditch match never stopped him. James ruffed up his hair a bit, tapping the clipboard against his side for he didn't necessarily know what to say. There she was, Lily Evans. Standing there, with her wide emerald green eyes, her long red hair that complimented her cool skin tone. She had gotten taller last he saw her, amongst other things, but he wasn't allowed to think that way anymore. Well, it wasn't that he wasn't 'allowed' per-say; he just wasn't allowed to have her… so what was the point? He moved his eyes around the ceiling of the cart, trying to keep them from gazing the length of her legs that always seemed to look sexy in that grey skirt. "So, I better get going then." James insisted, which caught Lily by surprise. Maybe she heard him wrong? "Sorry?" Lily said, getting a double-take. "I said, I should leave. Looks like the train's almost empty," James said, looking out the window at the first years now being directed towards the castle. "Leave?" She was still a bit surprised. James raised an eyebrow, "Is that alright? Did you need to go over anything else?" Lily shook her head, more so to shake some sense into herself, "No. No you're free to leave." She watched as James walked out of the compartment; then she stood there. Clipboard against her chest, the train blowing its departure whistle, and the very last students making noise outside from getting off the train. She decided to not think much about it, if this is how James was going to be, she didn't want to jinx it. After the sorting ceremony, students were now getting ready to turn in. Marlene made her way to the Gryffindor tower, entering the girls' dormitory and finding her red-headed friend sitting at the edge of her bed. She kicked off her shoes, throwing her robe down on the floor and running over to Lily's bed. Landing on the mattress with a loud spring, she wrapped her arms around Lily's torso, resting her chin on the girl's shoulder. "Watcha' doin?" Marlene asked, looking over at the parchment Lily was holding. "Ah, I see. Writing the annual, 'I've reached school safely,' letter?" Lily grinned, pushing Marlene off, "They're muggles, they worry." Marlene rolled over so she was laying on the bed, propping her head up with her elbow, "Do they know? I mean about… well you know." Her lips thinning, as the conversation took a serious turn. "They don't quite understand it." Lily said, unsure if that's a good thing or not. "Don't think we quite understand it ourselves." Marlene laughed lightly, shifting over so she was sitting beside Lily. Lily nodded, her thumbs creating imprints on the parchment, "You're right. I'll never understand how they can believe murder is justice." Marlene pressed her lips together. It was hard to think about Voldemort and his Death Eater followers. It always brought back memories of her father, and as much as she would want to block out any remembrance of his death – she knew it was inevitable. She couldn't stop what was happening now, but she vowed for her father that she would participate in the downfall of Voldemort some day. Lily draped an arm around Marlene's back. It was as if she knew what she was feeling at the exact moment she was feeling it. That was a reason Marlene loved Lily so much; only a true friend knew those sort of things, and Lily seemed to always be right on target. "Love you, Marls." Lily said, leaning her head against Marlene's so her red hair draped across her neck. "Love you too, Lils." Between the two of them, silence fell short after they sat there just staring into their own hands and feet. Marlene finally stood up, stretching out her arms and legs and walking over towards her own bed. Throwing off her uniform, she got dressed in her sleep wear and got inside her covers. She turned off her light, and the room grew dark; though Marlene could barely see Lily's eyes stare at her from across the room. "We'll be okay, Marls." Lily assured her lightly. Marlene turned over on her side, tucking her hand inside her pillow and looking off into the darkness by the door. "I know." She said somberly, but wasn't sure if Lily heard it that way. "I'm just fucking happy to be back at Hogwarts," She said in a more uplifting tone, hoping to end the night on a less despondent note. And with that, the two girls fell into a night's sleep. A/N: Thank you for reading! Reviews would be lovely! :) Have a great day