what the hell where you thinking!" She dragged him to a table that had just been vacated and told him to wait while she went to get drinks. "Psst!" Fred and George looked towards the table next to them. A guy in Hufflepuff was trying to get their attention. "What?" George asked, clearly confused. "Could you get me a date with your friend?" He pointed to Roxana who was standing at the bar. George's eyes widened, as did his brothers, "We'll ask her, mate." That was definitely not what they'd been expecting. Since when where guys interested in their Ana? It wasn't allowed, at least it wasn't in their opinion. "Here you go." Roxana placed the butterbeers in front of the two boys sat down next to Fred. She looked at the table next to them and realized it was the one from earlier. The boy who'd made eye contact kept stealing glances her way, but everytime she'd look back at him questioningly, he'd get embarrassed. After a few minutes, her nails dug into the table, with annoyance. Fred, sensing her frustration, put an arm around her shoulders; but she didn't relax. So. a few minutes later the twins chugged down their butterbeers and left as quickly as possible. "I guess you weren't interested?" George asked Roxana, on their way to the castle. "Interested? What are you talking about?" She asked with sarcasm. The twins stopped and stared at her as if she were delusional. Roxana tried not to chuckle. "That Hufflepuff was totally into you." Fred told her in shock, going even further by pointing to the building they had just left. Roxana rolled her eyes, "He should have found the courage to come up to me himself." George and Fred both sighed in relief. October 19th, 1991 Gryffindor Girls Dormitory Keys. Keys everywhere. There was a locked door. All Roxana knew was that she was supposed to get the right key to unlock it. She couldn't reach any of them and there was no other way out. The walls started closing in on her. The keys, along with the door disappeared and in its place a playground with a grass field appeared. She was six years old again, and making flower chains from the daisies in the grass. A tan boy with light brown hair and dark bluish eyes, came running towards her laughing. Her second grade friend Tyler Davis. " Roxy! Were playing tag! You're it!" He quickly touched her shoulder and sprinted off. The daisy chain lay forgotten as Roxana ran to catch him. Even though she did ballet, her stamina couldn't compete with that of a soccer players. While she was bent down gasping for breath, hands on her knees, she couldn't help overhearing a nearby conversation between her best friend and Tyler's cousin. " He feels sorry for her. That's why he plays and talks to her. She's strange, always carrying books around." " I know. I mean, I'm only her friend because I don't understand math. She always lets me cheat off her work, I don't even have to ask." " And where was she from again? Romania, I've never even heard of it." Roxana ran and ran and ran until she was far out of sight in a small forest, where she fell down onto the dirt and cried. As the year continued, the work load started getting much more rigorous. Most breaks were filled with studying or doing work, at least for Hermione and Roxana. They meet every night after dinner to work together. Only Saturdays where free days; Hermione would read in the library, while Roxana went into Hogsmeade with the twins. It was a week before Halloween and nearly curfew time. Roxana was putting her books in her bag when she heard Hermione sniff. "What's wrong?" She asked worriedly. Hermione had already packed up, so she busied herself with her nails as she answered, "It's Ron, again." "What's he done this time?" Ron Weasley had been behaving awfully towards Hermione. Roxana had told Fred and George about her friends dilemma, but they just said to ignore him. At that statement, Roxana wanted to demand how Hermione could ignore him when she had each and every class with him. The poor girl hadn't made friends her age yet. "He made fun of me in potions class again. We learned how to make the cure for boils today and I'd studied about it already, so I was the only one able to do it." Hermione whimpered and Roxana felt sick sense of dejavu. "I'm sorry, Hermione. Don't take his words to heart. Alright?" They walked towards their dorm room. Roxana was already formulating ways on how to scold the youngest male red head. October 24th, 1991 Gryffindor Common Room "Good night Hermione. I'll be up in a few minutes." Roxana smiled at the first year that started climbing the stairs. "Hey Harry, how are you?" She sweetly asked the boy that was sitting in front of the fireplace with Ron. "I'm alright. I just really don't like potions class." He pointed towards a long piece of parchment. Roxana recognized it as the essay that Hermione had finished a week earlier. "Maybe Hermione could help you." She smiled and turned her attention to the other boy; her smile instantly dropping. It took all her might to not start yelling at him. "About Hermione… Ron whats your problem with the girl? What has she done to you, other than gaining house points for her work ethic?" She raised her eyebrows waiting for his answer and crossed her arms over her chest. "Uh…" Ron looked towards Harry, who busied himself with his homework. "Just leave her alone." She turned her back on him. "Oh, Harry. Congrats, again on making Seeker. Fred and George can't wait for the first game." Roxana told him proudly as she made her way up to the dormitory. She hoped she had gotten through to Ron. A/N: Thanks for reading.