her stumble a bit on her way to the bar, he too was somewhat unsure on his feet but followed as promised. He would get answers no matter what. … Very rarely he allowed himself to drink to the point of complete obliteration, not anymore at least. However, it seemed that without meaning to, he had made an exception the day before. Sirius's head felt like someone had mistaken it for a bludger the night before. His tongue was dry in his mouth, the texture not unlike that of sandpaper. Swearing under his breath he attempted to open his eyes, chanting to Merlin for some mercy, hoping not to find the curtains wide open. Apparently, all his hardship in his life exempted him from the silly suffering of regular life, as he found the room pitch black. It took several moments for him to muster the strength to move but when he finally did his head swam and everything seemed to move with him as he approached the bathroom. His trusted hangover potion was in its usual place and instantly solved all balance problems, at least. It would take at least half an hour to have all his senses to work properly. After the usual cleaning spells on his teeth and the respective freshening charms, the animagus decided he was too tired to be up and about. He headed back to his bed for a few more hours of sleep. Just as he was about to surrender himself to Morpheus he moved and the bed cried in pain. The bed cried in pain… ? Dread settled in Sirius's stomach as a hand made it's way to the other end of the bed and found himself with a handful of curves. He swore internally and hoped this wasn't a monumental fuck up, not after the incident at the Weasley's last year. How was he to know that was Ron's new girlfriend? The whole event was for them to meet her! In any case, his hands did an exploration of their own, as was procedure in cases such as this. He went first along her arms, trying to find her hands in search of a ring. The woman in question let out a soft moan but remained otherwise passed out. Sirius couldn't really make her out in the darkness but in his search, he found that she was still dressed. Odd. Sirius himself was in his boxers, as he usually slept, however, it was unusual for him to be wearing them after a night of drunken sex. Maybe she just passed out here , he thought. Yes, perhaps this was all an innocent misunderstanding. Then he froze as his fingers found a ring in his perusal. No matter if she was dressed, a married woman sleeping in his bed spelt out trouble. Fuck. Sirius thought he wouldn't have to deal with this sort of problems anymore and what was worse… he'd lost a bet to Remus. Fucker. As he was removing his hand the animagus felt the mystery woman shift and grab a hold of his arm and pressed it against her front. Soft, well-filled breasts were all he could feel and for a moment his mind grew clouded and he went half hard. No, no. It's been a while bu I am not this weak , he told himself. Maybe once upon a time, he wouldn't have given a flying fuck if she was married or not, she was in his bed. That would have been more than enough. Lately, however, he found himself trying to be better, a "decent" man. Ugh, how he hated that word. The blame laid at the feet of the resident bookworm, as most of the recent changes in his life did. Since Hermione had moved into Grimmauld Place he often found himself being nursed after a night out, she would make him breakfast and hand him potions to help out. He would tell her that she shouldn't waste her time with incorrigible ex-convicts, but she would only smile and simply say "You're a decent man, Sirius" and move along. It was annoying too, to discover she had such a profound effect on him, without even meaning to. The sleeping woman who had kidnapped his arm brought him back to reality when she turned around and blended her whole body his. Her perfect arse was now lined up with his crotch and she'd somehow manoeuvred one of her legs between his. He couldn't help the moan that escaped him and he almost gave in to the temptation. That was, until, a mass of hair attacked him and Sirius had to pull back to be able to breathe. She didn't seem to notice this as she started to pull his fingers, one by one, into her mouth. While her hair seemed intent on killing him, he lost focus once more at the feel of her tongue on his middle finger, her teeth scraping lightly as she went pulled it slowly out of her mouth. The rumble in his chest was genuine and he knew he had to stop this or things would get out of hand very soon. Sirius was trying to be a decent man but he was still a man… and he was still Sirius. Before he could say anything, however, her mouth was on his ring finger and she stopped her movements immediately upon finding a ring. It took a moment for Sirius to process that information. The animagus didn't wear rings. Her mouth slowly abandoned the exploration of his hands and she slowly retreated to her side of the bed. As she did, his senses finally seemed to be coming back and a familiar smell enveloped his senses. Familiar and yet he couldn't place it. Who was this woman? "Sirius, why are you wearing a wedding ring?" His stomach did all manner of gymnastics at the sound of her voice. Oh, fuck, was he going to be in so much trouble for this.