met." "Why would she feel the need to check you out when she already has the man of her dreams in Vernon, the walking tugboat?" "Rawr! Bit catty, Evans." "She's my sister. I'm the only one who's allowed to be catty." Lily was smiling, but her eyes were sad. James wrapped his arm tighter around her. "Hey. Listen, I know she turned down the wedding invitation, but she sent us that lovely gift and card, didn't she? Come on, Lily, you know she would have been there if she could. "Yeah," agreed Lily, though she sounded doubtful. "I just ... I thought after Mum and Dad, we might... we might get closer..." "I know," said James softly, pulling her even closer to him. "I know. But it's hard, Lily. You're both so busy...and your Mum and Dad was such a shock..." "She blames me." The voice was small, muffled. "She doesn't," James promised. " I blame me." There were tears in her eyes now, and as much as James tried to wipe them away, they wouldn't stop falling. He wished with all his might that he had done something, shown up at the Dursley's door, somehow done the impossible and persuaded Lily's sister to come to the wedding. And as for Snivell- Severus - well, James' attempts to persuade him to come to the wedding didn't even bide thinking about... James just let Lily cry quietly for a while, rubbing her back in soothing circles. The cat was circling the room now, most likely looking for something to eat. James eyed it warily, giving it a menacing look whenever it came nearby. Finally Lily's sobs subsided, and she extracted herself from her husband's chest. "Sorry." She offered him a watery smile. "Sorry. I didn't mean to ruin it." "You didn't ruin anything." "I did." Lily sniffed. "I ruined the moment. We were so happy, talking about the baby and all. I ruin everything." "Lily, you know what happened to your Mum and Dad wasn't your fault, right?" "It was." "It wasn't." Lily sighed and then hiccoughed. "Maybe if I'd just been there to protect them-" An image of Lily facing down four Death Eaters singlehandedly in her parents kitchen filled James' mind and he shoved it away as quick as he could. "Don't even finish that sentence." "But James, they went after them because of me. Because I wouldn't join him." She looked away from him, focusing instead on the fireplace. "They did it because of me." "They did it," James told her fiercely, "Because they are bad, bad people who don't deserve to live in the same universe as you. Or your parents." He grabbed her hand, which was lying between them on the couch. "We'll fight them, Lily," he told her earnestly. "We'll beat them." Lily looked back at him. "Yeah. Yeah, I know." She squeezed his hand and leaned back against the couch cushions once more. James flung his arm around her shoulders. "Tuney's expecting too, isn't she?" he asked casually, attempting to steer the conversation in a different direction. "Perhaps the two of you could bond over that. Motherhood, I mean." "Perhaps." Lily sniffed and wiped her nose on the back of her hand. "Perhaps we could." "Provided, of course, it is a baby that comes out of her and not a miniature walrus." Lily smacked him over the back of the head but she was giggling. "You're mean. I'm sure Vernon has plenty of redeeming qualities." "He has plenty of flesh, whatever about the rest of him," noted James grimly. "Honestly, I relish the idea of a fight between him and Voldy. Vernon could flatten him - physically flatten - in a second." "If we plonked Vernon in the middle of a battle between the Order and the Death Eaters, he'd run for the hills." " Can he run?" wondered James dolefully as Lily thumped him. "Seriously! How much do you want to bet we can persuade Mooney to deploy him as our secret weapon?" "I don't want to talk about Vernon anymore," said Lily, but she was laughing. "Let's talk about us. And today." James smiled. "Today. Today was great, wasn't it?" "It was." "Best day of my life." When Lily looked at him in surprise, he clicked his tongue at her. "Don't look at me like that, Evans! You know full well this was the best day of my life. It was a pretty significant one. You became my wife, remember?" "Yeah, I remember. I was there." "Good." "For what it's worth, this was the best day of my life too." She cleared her throat. "I discovered your debilitating fear of cats." "Oh, here we go again-" "And," Lily continued, leaning closer to him, "I married the love of my life. So. Not a bad day's work, all in all." James looked down at her, his wife, and his heart was full. "No," he whispered. "Not a bad day's work." He leaned down and kissed her, hard. When he pulled back, she was pink in the face and breathing heavily. "I love you, James." "I tolerate you, Lily." "Go on," she teased. "Go on, husband. Tell me you love me." He looked once more at her, at his beautiful, glowing, pregnant-although -not-showing-it-yet wife, and knew that wherever 14 year old him was, not even he could be happier than James was in this present moment. "I love you, Lily," he told her sincerely, and her smile lit up the room. They fell asleep together on the old couch, still in their wedding clothes. Lily Evans and James Potter, the union that everyone saw coming but nobody believed would ever really happen; the two magnets that pushed and pushed but were eventually pulled together anyway. Their love - their whirlwind, crazy, one of a kind love - was calm and peaceful that night as they slept together on the first piece of furniture in their new home, the cat snoring softly at their feet.