left hand showed that to be true. The stairs the man had made into a makeshift chair were in front of one of Magical Britain's high class nightclubs; "The Thestral". A place where the young gathered; more muggle-ish appearances and more wild habits were acceptable amongst the Thestral's clientele. That's the only reason not many bothered to look twice at the young man getting over a hangover on the steps leading to the club's side entrance. You couldn't tell if you did not pay extremely close attention but the man's other hand held a joint. Weed. Not many wizards were fond of joints. No. The problem didn't lie with doing drugs. It lay with using muggle means to smoke such a fascinating plant. You see, even amongst the younger generations a glass pipe was more acceptable than rolling paper. The man took a look at the join in his hand. Unlit. He blinked in resignation and blew a small breath at the joint's tip. It lit. He took a drag. He took a ship from the scotch. A drag. A ship. And so on, so on until a figure approached him. Neither tall, neither short. The figure wore all white. A long white robe that reached till their ankles. The robe looked to be of a military cut. Tighter than those used for common wear, but still not restrictive in movement. The sleeves were rolled up above the elbows. White, leather gloves covering the figure's forearms. The robe was fastened with a small, golden chain. The same colour of the markings the hood had. Said hood was thrown over the wearer's head, covering most of their face, save for their mouth. Under the robe one could see a dragonhide, sleeveless vest being worn on top of a plain, brown shirt. Judging by the style of the robe, the vest and the bumps in the chest area the figure was that of a woman. A woman that most likely belonged to a paramilitary organization. The vest was adorned with brown, leather bandoliers carrying multiple potions and poisons, a dagger and a wand holster. The lower part of her uniform consisted of a pair of white, cargo pants held in place by a brown, leather belt. A seethed sword slightly visible on her left hip. A dagger strapped on her right hip and two wand holsters on both her ankles. As the woman approached the young man she took of her hood. She shook her head. Raven black hair shook wildly, but elegantly around her face. Letting out a sigh she closed in and forcefully turned the young man's head to face her. Ice blue eyes stared into his bright blue ones. The woman looked dangerous, but serene. A calmness before the storm. Something like a benevolent goddess. Sweet and generous but ready to decimate her foes. "Yo!" She greeted the man, in a very informal fashion. The man didn't reply. He merely shook his head hello, and threw her a questioning look. "It's over" she said. Her voice soft and swift. The man didn't reply this time either. He shook his head in surprise. Throwing another questioning glance at her. A glance that was met by the woman's fierce stare. Finally, the young man opened his mouth. "How many?" his voice was rough, like metal grinding on gravel. It took him almost all his strength to ask. "Around seventy thousand total. Two or three to take him down. It was a family." The man paled in front of the answer. His eyes going wide with fear and surprise, shame and guilt. He again mustered all his strength and forced the voice out of his dried throat. "Who?" He wasn't sure if he needed to know the answer to the question. Hell he wasn't sure if he even wanted to ask. But one thing was for sure. He knew he HAD to at least ask. He knew he had to show the tiniest amount of curiosity and respect. "The Potters. Well, whatever remained of them. More than half of the members were killed off in the previous war. Most of their cadets died out too in the meanwhile. And now in this war only the current head and his family had remained. Until now that is." "Fuck." The answer was harder than it should have be. Maybe. Maybe, because they –the Potters- were distant cousins. Maybe because he wasn't ready to face the truth yet. Maybe because he wasn't mentally stable to handle the truth .Not now, not ever. "Tom?" the question came, but no response. The young man was lost on his own world. "Tom!" Shouted the girl a few seconds later. "What?" the same, long drawl with the same, rough, crippled voice. "Are you alright?" Asked the woman. Concern for Tom showing in her icy, blue eyes. Her face was much softer now. She cared about him. She really did. And it hurt her to see him this way, even though he really kind off deserved it. "Of course. Of course" came the dismissal reply. His voice still rough and worn-out but his throat more used to speaking now. "Just…just. Let me make a note to myself." He took out a small notebook. A diary probably. It's over, thin, leathery and black. A snap of his fingers and a quill also appeared. Tom spoke as he wrote down on his diary. "Note to self, number 698; When trying to create a horcrux using an old demonology artifact, first check if it's possessed by a demon that will then possess your body and bring forth destruction." AN: Okay, so…nothing much to say in an AN. This is but the first chapter. Just, review if you can so I know the flaws I have. Also…I am looking for someone to beta what I write so anyone who would volunteer is appreciated. Credits: House Sarwyck, its words and coat of arms are taken from GRR Martin's books, A Song of Ice and Fire.