taking dad so long?" Cokeworth: Spinners End Henry Evans arrived at 33 Spinner's End with slight trepidation. The door was already opened; there was mess and disarray everywhere, he covered his nose with a hanky that he kept in his pockets as the scent of gas threw it's tangy stench throughout the house. Quickly he rushed to the woman lying in the oven and turned everything off – there was a slight moan from the frail Eileen Snape – Henry cursed. Everything else could wait, he had to get her into the fresh air, put her in recovery position and get to the nearest public phone box to ring 999. He took her out of the front and laid her on the tiny concrete patch that divided the house from the pavement. A neighbour opened the door and ran up to the prone woman. "I called 999," the woman said. Henry glanced up and smiled. "Where's the kid?" "The kid is safe at my home, Mrs Vaughan." "Allus knew that Tobias Snape was a bad'un. Whatever she saw in him I can't imagine," Henry nodded in full agreement. His concern was on the little woman lying helplessly on the concrete ground. "I will look after her, you go home to yours, Henry Evans." "No," Henry said. "His son saved my girl, so now I owe it to the boy to help his mother. I will telephone them from the hospital." Within the hour Eileen was still unconscious but on her way to hospital, Henry sighed with relief when she was rushed to theatre. Whilst he was pacing he rubbed the back of his head and felt angry – angrier than when he was fighting the Nazi's. He was certain that some decent German died at Tobias Snape's hand. Henry had to guard some temporary POWS at one time, with his little knowledge of German, he managed to banter with them sometimes. The older ones showed him pictures of their families. It was a strange camaraderie that can only exist between prisoner and guard. Mutual respect for the enemy and a realisation that some circumstances were beyond individual control. Tobias Snape would have just shot them for being German. Slowly, he made it to the row of call boxes and put in the money needed for a call. The phone connected. The heavenly tones of his wife answered the phone. He told her what had happened in Spinners End. That he would stay in the hospital until he knew Eileen was out of danger. Henry would have to get a taxi home. His wife supported him in his decision. Offering her own hope that Eileen would pull through. Cokeworth: Thread Needle Street Severus dropped the pile of parchment he was constructing a letter on and looked up, hating the hushed voices of his friend's mother, in his experience adults spoke like that when there was nothing good happening. Lily, now modest, quietly sat by his side and held onto him. In fact she did not like it when he had to go to the lavatory. Severus always assured her he would return shortly. When Fern had put the handle back in the rest she turned around and eyed Severus with pity. Dread filled his stomach and he wanted to be sick. He kept his gaze steady however as Fern walked up to him. "Henry," she hesitated. "Henry, went to fetch your mother only she was found – her head in the oven – she is in hospital now," she gently reassured the suddenly vulnerable young man. "Mrs Vaughan suggests it was not done of her own will. Henry is staying at the hospital until she pulls through, and she will. Severus," Fern cupped his cheek which she was stunned to find wet with tears. Shocked; Severus nodded silently. "She will be more than okay, Severus." Gulping, Severus turned his face away from Fern and just rested it on Lily's shoulder still quietly letting out his tears. Lily hugged him to her and Fern watched, eyes moistening with tears, as the two youths emotionally supported each other. Because they were so lost in each other Fern left them to it. Severus and Lily had a strange bond that was inexplicable yet charming at the same time. She was awfully pleased that they had made up, though she wished circumstances were different. No matter, she decided firmly, the point is, they were friends again. Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Hermione shook her head and glanced around and over her shoulder. She was back at Hogwarts, awesome, she grinned. Yet that meant that Harry was fighting for his life back at the ministry. No, hang on, she furrowed her brow. That's not right. Shaking her head as she wondered where the name Prince came from. The last thing she recalled with perfect clarity was the wonderful time-turners smashing to smithereens through a high speed duelling chase through the Department of Mysteries. Time-Turners! That is it. She must have gone back in time to before they went to the Ministry. So all she had to do was wait for Ginny, Neville and Luna to run across the grassy way to the forest. Then she could slip in quite easily. Quickly forming the decision to trust Professor Snape... no, Prince... Professor Prince... Why that surname again? Shaking her head to jiggle her thoughts back to the matter at hand, Hermione decided to tell the only Professor she knew who was part of the Order that Harry had rushed into a trap set by You-Know-Who and... Rowena's cat, she groaned, she must have hit her head somewhere along the journey. Why was her mind stubbornly informing her that her best friend was Harry Prince? She did not know anyone called Harry Prince. As she was about to open the gates a cough sounded behind her. Hermione turned around and promptly fainted! AN : So, who do you think is behind Hermione that caused her to faint?