parents will hate me?" "They will be glad to see you – too much so to be angry," Narcissa's eyes warmed as she observed the girl shrink back again. "Hermione, come, take my hand, there are ways to get to places – one which you unwittingly utilised. Now, do not be scared, it is perfectly safe." Oh this was wonderful, Hermione sighed, it seemed like they were going to do magic together. She had no one to explain her episodes with. Lucius and Draco came back with smiles on their faces. "Shall we go then?" Lucius asked as he took Hermione's other hand whilst the boy, Draco, completed the circle by standing and holding one each of his hands in his parent's spare ones. "Close your eyes, Hermione." She did and with a crack found she was home again. Immediately, her mother ran out of the house and picked her daughter up into her arms and wept uncontrollably. "It is all right, mum," Hermione said, "I went on the most marvellous adventure – here let me introduce you to the Malfoys," in her excitement she missed the pale look her mother offered to Lucius. "Can they come in?" Hermione asked in all innocence. "Yes," Helen Granger said quietly. "Come in; all of you, and let us talk about what you've been up to for the past two days, young lady!" Hermione knew she was in trouble. Draco was sulking much too much as he was moaning about why he could not just take Hermione to the Manor and have her as his sister. Both children missing the awkward looks Lucius Malfoy and Helen Granger were giving each other. Narcissa was remarking to herself how nice a home it was for Muggles whilst gently stirring her milk in her tea. Hermione did not know then, or care, that this was not a reunion after a massively awesome adventure but the start of something infinitely bigger. October the 31st of that year she was adopted by the Malfoys. Henceforth, she was now known as Adhara Hermione Malfoy. Draco Lucius Malfoy's big sister! The first few weeks she spent in her new lavish bedroom in tears as she could not help but speculate on why her parents did not want her any more but she got no satisfactory an answer by herself. No one else would tell her what happened to them either. Her new parents were filthy rich and she had all the horses her heart was set on. Her own mini-pet farm with rabbits, ponies and guinea pigs. Indoor heated swimming pool which she used daily. She found out there really were flying broomsticks and carpets. Despite this she missed her parents. Not that the Malfoys were not particularly cruel, and at least she would never see Danger Daryl again. Narcissa was a particularly doting mother. Lavishing all the sort of dresses she wanted; varying shades of greens, yellows, purples, and blues. Lucius was a busy but doting father on his new daughter giving her little trinkets, ribbons and bows to match her dresses, and any pet she set her heart on. But the fact remained. They were not her parents. About the only thing that cheered her up was her new younger brother, Draco, who went out of his way to make her smile. Her house elf Dobby who adored her. Most of all, dear Uncle Severus, who indulged her with all sorts of sweet treats her mother would then confiscate and scold the man so for trying to make her daughter fat. Oh being Adhara Hermione Malfoy was not so bad but, she sighed, it was nothing like being Hermione Jean Granger. Little did she know that in ten years time – her life was about to take a darker turn. For as she grew, the prettier she became. Elegance dictated her stance. Poised in every movement she made. Comportment was beyond compare, graceful movements showed in every toe step she made. No one could doubt her intelligence since she was sorted in Ravenclaw. Ten years later her new fathers friends turned out scarier than Danger Daryl. First there was her Uncle Rodolphus who made her squirm in her seat with just a smile. Antonin Dolohov; who made no secret of his desire for her, he grew to be dangerous beyond expectations. Rabastan who's light, sea green eyes, shone with lust as he observed her; the list went on. Then there were her brother's friends, Blaise Zabini who made her feel like a queen at the Yule Ball. Theodore Nott who was the shyest and sweetest. Adrian Pucey, tall, muscular and gorgeous outrageously flirting with her at every opportunity. Not to mention her own friends. She was not blind to the longing looks Ronald Weasley offered her. Nor was she unaware of how Neville Longbottom stammered around her. Then there was Ernie McMillan and Terence Boot. Oh, Adhara Hermione was not without charms. By her 17th birthday, Lucius Malfoy had to go through many marriage proposals from Pureblood parents wishing to secure her hand, and her dowry, for their own. One above all else took to her. Red eyed, serpentine, but mesmerizing in his own way. Her heart thumped whenever she thought about him. Let this story be about Adhara Hermione Malfoy. Doting daughter, clever student, friends with the Boy-Who-Lived but could also understand the Dark Lord's views too. Adhara Hermione Malfoy's life truly began to be complicated the summer after the Triwizard Tournament when poor Cedric Diggory was murdered by a lowly rat so Harry told it. The scariest of her whole life was the night she met Lord Voldemort... AN : The story from now on, will start from the night of Voldemorts return but there will be flashbacks to previous years. Also, I will try not to make this a Snamione... it will be very hard for me not too, but I am sure my beta, Vino Amore , will slap me if I went there...