it and sprinkled it over the bloody groin. He jumped away, startled, when Dudley thrashed in pain. His mouth stretched in a silent scream and face contorted in pain. Harry stared at it in fascination as he held out his hand to caress his cheek. It had only added to the pain, Harry noted happily. Harry pulled his hand away and cleaned it on his too big shirt that had smudges and spatters of blood when he didn't notice that it made contact with it. He wasn't satisfied as he could still feel a bit of the powdery substance on his hands so he washed it with water, wiping it on his shirt again. He grabbed the unopened jar of chili powder and tapped it with his finger. "Next is the spicy thing we call the chili powder! It would have been better if we had the chili itself but… it'll do." Harry opened the jar and scooped some on his finger and tasted it. He hummed at the taste. "It tastes good too, though Treacle Tarts are waaayy better." He scooped some once more and looked for a place to rub it on. His eyes landed on the crying face of his cousin and he licked his upper lip in anticipation. He slowly sprinkled it around the face and laughed at the faces Dudley made. He sprinkled some more until he deemed it enough, not wanting to waste such a flavorful spice. Then he rubbed it around, enjoying the noises his cousin made. "Pathetic." He quickly pulled his hand away as Dudley attempted to bite it. "Ah-ah. You ain't doin' any eatin', ya pig. An' I ain't doin' any, either." Harry giggled at his butchered attempt to imitate Hagrid's accent. He lightly tapped Duddykins' nose in admonishment before he stood up straight. Harry, you should stop now. If you break him, you won't have a much fun once you kill all of them. Harry jumped in surprise. Merlin, Tommy! Don't scare the daylights out of me! Harry got the impression that Tommy was staring at him. Oh, well. He was right anyway. This… bonding session has served its purpose anyway. "Now Duddykins, we'll probably continue our game at a later time but Harry Potty—" Harry giggled at this. "Needs to finish some adult things." Harry quickly cleaned his hands and made his way back to the living room where his Aunty and Uncle never left their positions. He giggled. Of course they can't, although Aunty Petty looked worse for wear. Her red, puffy, unblinking eyes were rimmed with tears and her wrinkles got more pronounced because of the stress. Uncle Verny looked like a good foot stool though. He destroyed the television and repaired it, careful to prevent the runes he had etched to appear again. Once it was done, it was a normal television once more. He clapped his hands loudly to gain their attention. Uncle Verny glared at him hatefully, beady eyes dilated with anger and face flushed yet pale with fear. Aunty Petty only looked on in defeat and fear. Harry grinned brightly at them and removed the silencing charm he put on them. As soon as he had done this, however, his Uncle exploded in roars of anger that had him casting the spell again. "Dear Merlin, Uncle! Won't you ever shut up?" Harry snapped, grin never fading away. "So anyway, I want a deal from you." Here, he looked his uncle in the eye. "Basically, I want free reign. You leave me alone and Dudders won't die. So, deal?" He removed the spell once again. "DEVIL! FREAK! YOU'RE AN ABOMINATION! NO WAY WILL I EVER MAKE A DEAL WITH YOU!" Harry's grin widened. "So you want your precious Duddykins to die? Well, that works for me, too." He went to turn around but his aunt finally said something. "VERNON SHUT UP! Please… Harry. I-We'd do anything to save Dudley. Please don't kill him. Please…" Harry looked at her, biting on his lower lip. "Really? But dear Uncle Verny here said no and isn't he the one to create decisions here? Not you. Never you." "Please, Harry. What would your mother- what would Lily say-" "Shut up woman!" Harry roared in anger, his magic flaring around the room putting pressure around them. "How dare- HOW DARE YOU SAY HER NAME! HOW DARE YOU EVEN SAY MY NAME WHEN YOU NEVER HAD BEFORE?! IT'S ALWAYS FREAK OR BOY! WHY USE IT WHEN YOU NEVER HAD! AND DON'T- DON'T YOU DARE DRAG MY PARENTS HERE! THEY'RE NOT HERE- NEVER HAD BEEN! IT'S ONLY—" He cut himself off, tears running down his flushed face. It was only Tommy who had been there for him. Not even his so called friends had been there for him. Not even Sirius. Not even the memory of his parents. It was only Tom. "Please. Harry. Don't kill Dudley." Harry didn't know why but he found himself agreeing. They were pathetic. They were worthless human beings. But he still did. He could here Tommy say that he did the right decision to agree. He still needed to keep up his act and without the Dursleys, that wouldn't be possible. He gathered himself and pasted another grin on his face. "You're going to a vacation for the rest of summer." :::…~~~-0-~~~…::: Chapter End. :::…~~~-0-~~~…::: *Cackles* You know, it really isn't graphic… is it? I really wish I could make it more graphic (and believable) but I'm afraid my rather stunted grammar can't handle that. And yes, I am aware that sex transplants didn't happen anywhere in the 90's. IT LACKS BLOOD! *sobs* Right! Watch this vid~ It's the "Dark Lord Funk" A Harry Potter parody of Bruno Mars' Uptown Funk. www . youtube watch ? v = zbdvogFyZZM Or you could just search it in youtube. It's damn funny. *replays* *cackles* Anyway, should I continue? I won't publish the proceeding chapters unless I finished the entire story and received at least one positive feedback.