the castle. This was going to be difficult but she was done with trading insults for the day. Lucius oozed up beside Professor Snape and loosely wrapped an arm protectively around Draco's shoulders. Say whatever I like about the man, she fumed a little, even I cannot deny they truly love each other, both father and son. What must the elusive Mrs Malfoy be like? She does not seem to care about her son's education. As she moved closer to the group she heard a few cat calls thrown her way. Intending to ignore them she ploughed on. Until... "No Potty and Weasel, mudblood?" sneered Draco. There was the gloat ever present in his gray eyes. "I heard they're failing every essay because you refuse to help them now." "I refuse to help dolts who thinks broomsticks are more important than their own lives!" Hermione said as coldly as she could. "If a Firebolt holds some secret scroll that could cure Extreme Prattery In Blonds... I may change my mind," here she imperiously flicked her hair over her shoulder. Tilted her head coquettishly to the side, smirked which revealed one cute dimple... That. Lucius. Wanted. To. Own! Hermione felt brave enough to challenge Lucius with an arched eyebrow equal in contempt to his own. "Till then I shall keep my feet on the ground, my friends alive, and your scores in tests down ." Gods girl, Lucius gripped the cane tighter than he usually could as he tried not to be too overtly aroused by this 14 year old's calm retort to his son's teasing. If anyone deserved to be ravaged in his favourite room it was her. The moment she was in his Manor he would demand to be with her. "You know what I think?" Draco said, boosted by the fact that he was surrounded by his Quidditch team, his father and his godfather who was notoriously despicable to Gryffindors. Not at all flustered by Hermione's confident comeback. "I think Potty and Weasel realised what it's like to hang out with the trash and decided to clean themselves up a bit." Out of the corner of her eye she noticed Snape was not smirking. Instead his fathomless onyx hard gaze seemed to be closed to the world, as if he was meditating so as not to lose his self-control in front of everyone but; who was making him lose his control in the first place? Then she looked at Lucius who was just as passive. Her rescue came from the most unexpected source. "Leave it, Draco," all eyes rested on a tall Viking like blond. The one Hermione ogled at earlier as he flew with such grace. "Even I know she can hex you sideways to the end of the century." "Rowle, right?" Lucius said looking at the hulking brute. Rowle nodded. "I believe that Miss Granger is the lucky one – it cannot be easy to be the brains behind the brawn especially as she probably holds more power than Potter and Weasley combined." Draco's jaw looked like it would dislocate from shock as it widened in disbelief at his father's words. She turned and saw Rowle blush under Lucius admonishment. "Well, as much as I love to hang around with vituperative vipers I must dash. Essays do not write themselves." With another confident flick of hair over her shoulder, she left the scene. Lightly striding back inside the castle. Unaware of a pair of sky blue Nordic eyes sweeping up and down her body as her hips swayed. Neither could she feel silver turn to molten lust. Or black become volcanic smoke as her pert bottom jiggled as she started a light jog. When the Dark Lord wins, Lucius thought, I will ask her for spoils. By the looks on Zaradan – who had just joined the group, Thorfinn's, and Severus faces, Lucius sighed, I had best stake a claim soon. Zaradan was not dark per se, he was more a thunder grey. His violet gaze turned indigo under Lust's sweet spell. I had best be her friend now, he sighed, and if I am to work tirelessly on this case for the spoilt Prince of Slytherin then I will be all a friend can be. Hell, I best take in when the Hogsmeades trips are so I can 'accidentally' bump into her in Honeydukes or Zonkos, eventually she'll be grown up enough. Hell, she looks it now! Thorfinn scowled his Viking best. His Finnish mother Tarja was the one responsible for his looks, swiping his long blond locks aside – hair so straight that Lavender Brown often frowned in jealousy over how beautifully kept that hunk of a Slytherin had his hair. Something that made Hermione roll her eyes when her dorm mate complained how unfair the universe was. His icy gaze settled with cold thoughts: One day Princess, he mused, I will do to you what you caught me doing last year and you will love it! The only one that kept his thoughts somewhat pure, and for the darkness within that was quite a feat, was Professor Snape. He scowled as he observed the boys and men around him panting after Miss Granger like she was a bitch in heat. This was a major concern for him, one he had to bring up with Dumbledore later. Obviously, he was worried about how he too was starting to see the potential within her. There would be no point in rescuing her from these people if she could not be saved from him – still, he sighed, he foresaw the problem that could become Hermione Jean Granger. A problem that did not manifest itself until two years later … She was a Fifth Year, and Thorfinn was in his last … The first time that one of these four men got to reveal one of her secrets... War was upon everyone – and with war everything else becomes imperative – including matters of the heart...