into her. "Luna," he moaned, as he felt her walls grip his rod. In an act of passionate desperation, he scratched down her ribs. Losing his battle to remain in control. "Lu – na!" Luna flipped back so she was on top and mimicked his movements onto him. Desperate to hear her final scream he reached between their bodies and began gruffly playing with her clit. Her walls finally trapped him inside her. She threw her head back and screamed. "CHARLIE!" Seconds after, Luna collapsed on top of the spent man beneath her. Sprawled inelegantly around his body, allowing their sweat to mingle. Heavy breaths fell on each other's shoulders adding to the goosebumps already pimpling their skin. "After that," Charlie had trouble gaining breath, as they lay in each other's arms. "I don't think I want to let you go." "Would you let me explore my own private theories?" Luna asked. "If I stayed here, would you allow me to be... me?" her voice small, for the first time in her life suddenly aware of how odd she was and felt insecure about it. "Charlie, your friends won't make fun of you for being with me?" "Of course you can be whoever you bloody hell want to be," Charlie exclaimed, holding her face in both his hands, roughly brushing stuck hairs behind her ears, "I find you interesting," he kissed down below her lobe again to illustrate the point he was making at how interesting he did find her. "As for my friends, we're all mad here, we chose to care for dragons for Merlin's sake," Luna giggled at Charlie's carefree assessment. "Your theories could make for some great dinner conversations." Luna levered herself up and kissed his sweaty, salty lips and licked her lips afterwards to draw as much of him as possible in her. "Thank you," she said simply as she snuggled in his embrace feeling more powerful that night in her sense of self than she had ever felt before. "Thank you also for making me feel beautiful." "That's because you are bloody gorgeous, Luna, who has said otherwise?" Shrugging, Luna lowered her lashes watching her fingers draw lazy circles around his nipples. "As you are the first to have me," the only one if I have my way, Charlie vowed. "Then it is understandable I have never felt... this... before," with soft sigh of regret she gazed back into his lovely eyes. "I was asked out at several times at school and was stood up each and every time. The only people to treat me with respect before now were Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny and Neville. They were the only people, other than my parents, who saw any worth in me." "Those were moronic boys," Charlie said as he cuddled her close and kissed the top of her head. "You have always needed a man," he tilted her chin up with the tip of his middle finger. "I think I can take you for the rest of my life, as long as you will have me?" With the sensations of her orgasm still bringing a buzz to her head, Luna leapt up and hugged him fiercely: "YES!" she screamed. Smirking with pride as he held her in his arms Charlie was devising a thank-you note to Hermione as he drowsed off to sleep, arms full of happy sated witch. " To The Editor Hello Hermione, this is my letter of resignation. I have fallen in love and am staying here in Romania with my fiancée. It is Charlie Weasley and he says I am his angel. I am sorry for this suddenness I wasn't expecting it myself. I hope you can find someone suitable soon enough. Luna Lovegood. Ex-Quibbler Reporter. " Hermione smiled as the owl flew off. Her plan had worked; she couldn't wait to tell Molly. She had already got in a new Reporter in the form of Dennis Creevey. " Hi Hermione, Can I say thank you for sending me an angel when I did not realise I needed one. If my mother is behind this thank her also. Luna and I will be arranging our forthcoming nuptials at the Burrow. I thought you might want to be the first to know. Sometimes it is wonderful having interfering friends. Love Charlie (soon to be Mr Lovegood... there are enough Weasley's left to carry on the family name, no one to carry on hers) Weasley." The door to her office flung wide open and in walked her boyfriend, reformed Death Eater, Thorfinn Rowle. "Hello darling," Thorfinn greeted. Before leaning down to kiss her on the lips. "Good news or bad?" "Good, Luna Lovegood is going to be another Mrs Weasley – or Mrs Lovegood, as Charlie is being unconventional yet again and taking his wife's name," she smiled a little at that. She had better understanding of familial magic since she started dating men from the other side of the war. "So she no longer works for me, I've killed two metaphorical birds with two equally metaphorical stones!" "You're going to have to say those words one day," Thorfinn sighed rolling his eyes in exasperation. "Whatever happened to the tough little witch I fell for?" "I can't Finn," Hermione said despondently. "Luna's a friend and I just couldn't set her in the office and say 'you're fired!' like I'm Alan Sugar..." she caught the blank look on her blond hulk of a boyfriend. "Muggle reference," she muttered. Her father loved the Apprentice and made her watch it with him. "It just doesn't work like that for me." "Oh, whatever, you're too soft you are!" "Perhaps," Hermione smiled. Inspired, she sat herself on Thorfinn's lap. "But you're not darling!" Thorfinn smirked wickedly. AN : I still think these two should have ended up together, they grew up in the same area, they know each other through friends, he makes much more sense than a character that has never been mentioned in the books... ever!