de-gnoming to hearing explosions from Fred and George's room, the house was bursting with the unexpected. Whereas at her house, it was usually very quiet and everybody was secretive. Phoenix never knew how her mother had died, but the rest of her family, even the ones who were not blood related, knew the exact circumstances in which she had died. They all thought that she was 'too young to understand'. She hated it and often had to escape from the house, climbing down from her bedroom window with the help of the large apple tree that stood beside it because she needed to have time to think. "Are you excited for the match then Nix?" Edmund asked Phoenix, flicking his wand through the air lazily and levitating the television remote towards him, causing the television screen to go to static momentarily. Electricity and magic never did mix. "Ed, don't you dare change the channel, I want to see what the weather will be like tomorrow!" Cecilia snapped, shooting her son a withering look. Edmund groaned childishly, the remote falling mid-air, smashing onto the stone floor, the back of the remote burst and two batteries rolled out of it. "Well done Ed," Phoenix clapped, her voice oozing with sarcasm. She watched Cecilia flick her wand with ease and two batteries came soring out of a drawer beside their father. "I'm looking very forward to it; I've never been to a real Quidditch match before." "Well I suppose we will see you there, me and Will managed to get tickets, not as good as your tickets though. Arthur told us. You're in for a treat Nix." Edmund smiled at her and she smiled back and returned to playing with her hair. "Quidditch sounds positively dangerous." Phoenix's father began and she rolled her eyes, "make sure that you take care of yourself and be sure to- ARRRRRRGH!" The fireplace suddenly came alive, green fire began to rise in the air and Andrei jumped about ten feet into the air and swore loudly, and Cecilia yelled at her husband " ANDREI !". The reason that Andrei had screamed was standing in front of the fireplace, looking around as though Christmas had come early, Mr. Weasley. He was tall, thin and balding but the hair the little hair that remained was a flaming red, he straightened his glasses and brushed his long green robes before approaching the family. "Hello," Arthur said brightly, smiling around at everyone "arrived just on time, I see. Fred should be arriving just about now," The fire once again burned a bright green and a grinning Fred Weasley came into view, waving around at everyone. "Good afternoon," Fred grinned, smiling lopsidedly at Phoenix before he plonked himself down in the seat beside her. He gave her a one-armed hug, waved around at her elder step-brothers and focused his attention on the movie that was playing on the television, making Phoenix roll her eyes. The fire glowed once again and Fred's twin, George appeared, identical to his twin down to the last freckle. "Sorry to scare you Andrei," Arthur apologised quickly, "I wanted to take a Muggle car here but Cecilia informed me that traffic is horrendous." "Hi Pixy," George smiled down at Phoenix as he sat on the other side of Phoenix. His smile was just as lopsided as his twin. Phoenix scrunched her nose at George's nickname for her, Pixy. He had given it to her because for the fact she was tiny compared to him and Fred, she barely reached their shoulders. "How's your summer been so far?" "I bet it's been miserable without us," Fred stated, smiling at his twin before looking down at Phoenix. She did not want to admit that her summer had indeed been miserable without them. She merely didn't want to give them such satisfaction, "It's been alright I suppose," She lied. Overall, it had been her worst summer yet; she spent most of her nights walking around the lake and most of her days reading muggle novels, unless Will or Ed had a day off work where they could spend the day skateboarding through the small village of Little Hartburgh. Nearly every night, she had desperately been trying to listen into her family's' hushed conversations, but they always immediately ceased when Phoenix came into the room. She hated how secretive everything seemed to be. George frowned at Phoenix, clearly not believing her and he looked at his twin, who didn't seem to catch on as he was too busy staring at the television screen, "Televisions are weird" Fred said, shaking his head. "They are ingenious!" Arthur goggled, making the twins roll their eyes and Phoenix laugh, "But we're here to bring Phoenix to the Burrow, not to watch the televivy," Arthur said impatiently and Phoenix couldn't help but grin when Mr. Weasley pronounced television wrong. The twins and Phoenix got to their feet, as did Phoenix's family so that they could say goodbye to her as Fred grabbed Phoenix's trunk and George took Silvano's cage. "Well we will see you a Christmas hopefully," Her father beamed down at her, engulfing his daughter into a big hug and planting a kiss on top of her head. "I doubt she will want to come home for Christmas, what with everything that is going to be happening at Hogwarts." William said, smirking as Phoenix went to hug Cecilia. "What's happening at Hogwarts?" Phoenix, Fred and George all asked at once. Edmund punched him on the arm and mumbled something about 'top secret information' before he too hugged Phoenix. "Be careful now Nix," Edmund said as he hugged her tightly, kissing the top of her head like her father had, "Make sure you look after her, won't you boys?" "We always look after her." Fred quipped, waving his hand through the air with a not so convincing smirk upon his face. "Right," Mr Weasley said firmly, clapping his hands together, "All set? Let's go- Oh plugs!" REVIEW!