of the state and your Freedom to travel would have been more important than being in a 10 x 5 damp, leaking, cold cell floor." At this Scabior stood up and walked over to her in a sort of mesmerising sway as if he and the fire were one. He reached out and scrunched up her free hair in his hand and brought the thick wavy locks to his nose and sniffed. She refused to be cowed by such behaviour. Though, she grimaced, it was not fear she should have worried about but another type of emotion... A rather physical emotion that dampened her knickers and caused her pupils to dilate. "What's your answer?" she said huskily. "My price is now what my price was then ," he sighed, stepping up to her, making sure she felt the length of his body nearing her. "You will have to refresh my memory," Hermione said as he danced his fingertips down the column of her throat. "I will hunt your undesirables for your Ministry ," he leaned in and smirked as he caught signs of arousal. "No matter who they are, beautiful, but I want more than freedom and a pardon." Hermione's throat felt like the sahara had invaded her body. When was the last time she had a glass of water? She could not remember. Now it felt important information she should be able to recall. "Th-those are our terms," she stammered. Her heart beat bruisingly against her chest. "T-take it or..." "My terms are this," he whispered. "I worked in a gang before, I still require help now. So," he said as he rested a hand on her hip to keep her there. It was nice that he could still intimidate the sweetly fragrant witch. "I am allowed to be an honorary Auror. I work with Potter or no one, and I will only report to you." "Th-that seems..." "And," he pressed a long finger against her quivering mouth. "As I may be a flight risk I request that if anyone has to be my keeper I will be kept by you." "In other words..." "In other words, beautiful, my price is your time." Gulping down her feelings, Hermione nodded. Hoping that he would let her go now. No such hope. "Then you can run along to Minister Shackles, and tell him that I work with you and Potter." He brushed his lips ever so tenderly along her cheekbone, pleased with the gasp she emitted from his feather light touch. "I'll be back in a week with a contract and a setup. Plus, the Minister," she said sternly as she tried to dissuade his hand from creeping under her black a-line skirt. "Now. If you do not mind Mr Scabior. I..." "When I'm out of here," Scabior whispered. "I will have freedom and that includes all over access to you, beautiful." Hermione did not respond, she just locked eyes with his. "WARDEN!" she yelled. "Nice try, sweetheart," Scabior smiled. The moment Hermione walked into the Ministry showers she felt clean. Having him drooling over her brought back memories of that night. However, going to him for help was her idea, so she'd live with it. The consequences be damned. Once in a clean set of robes, Hermione walked over to the lifts and stated her destination. Unfortunately a light lilac-gloved hand held the door open for her. "Miss Granger," a silken voice whispered in her ear. "Mr Malfoy," Hermione sighed as she walked to the lift with Lucius, her shadow, following her in. "I am sure my answer is the same as it was four hours ago," she said once the doors were closed. "You know that we would work well together, Miss Granger, so why are you refusing the position." "Because it is in your house." "It's changed." "So Draco and Remus have told me. There is still one problem," Hermione sighed. "What is that?" Lucius asked. "Look in a mirror," she timed that just right for her to step out into the wide reception area of the Minister's office. "Miss Hermione Granger to see Minister Shacklebolt," she said to the elderly receptionist. "Go right in," the witch said. Lucius watched the young witch walk off with a smirk plastered across his face. He had made his own demands to the Minister for his help. "Yes," Kingsley looked up. Hermione sighed again trying to keep her hormones under control. Why was it always the ones you want to look at you... won't? "Hermione, sit down, did your idea come off as you expected?" "Yes and no, Minister," she said. "Mr Scabior says he will help but he will only work for Harry and I." "Ah, so he has made demands of you?" "Sort of personal ones," Hermione mumbled. "I have had an idea of my own," Kingsley smiled. "Inspired by yours actually," he tapped the door three times and in walked... "You know Lucius, he's offered to work with us to capture these renegades too." Hermione groaned. This was not her day! "What was our terms, Minister?" Lucius smooth silk voice whispered over Hermione's already tenderised flesh. "Mr Malfoy will work with the Prisoner, Mr Potter, You, and Mr Zabini." "Is Mr Malfoy aware of the Prisoner I have chosen for this little charade?" "Do tell, Miss Granger," Hermione smiled as she got the files out. "Thank you." Hermione sniffed as she awaited Lucius response. She glanced up at the lack of even a sigh and saw his eyes. Cold, grey eyes that read the information with nothing but hatred in them. "I take it the deal is off, Mr Malfoy?" "Au contraire," Lucius smiled so tightly Hermione was sure it was pulling skin painfully over his face. "Well, I expect you, Mr Potter, Mr Zabini and the approbate in my home next week. Good day Minister, Miss Granger." That was odd, why did Lucius despise Scabior so much? AN : Hmm, why indeed? Answers on a postcard please...