just," she sighed, "just want to make sure of something." "Of what?" Severus asked. "I just," Lily started to sob. "I want to make sure I'm not... not... mak... making a mistake!" "Why would you think that?" "Perhaps allow the lady some food and warmth, first, Severus?" Lucius smiled, "I will apparate this delightful vision to my home. I have many guest suites. I can provide you with all you need, Miss Evans." "Why would you do this for me?" Lily asked suddenly allowing caution to dictate her next move. "Simple," Lucius shrugged. "Severus is a dear friend of mine, we look after our own, if," he sighed as he tucked a fire red coil of hair behind her ear. He made sure he looked deeply into the most beautiful pair of green eyes he had ever seen. He decided then and there he would love to see those eyes lust darkened for him: "you are here to help Severus it is only my pleasure to help you in advance." Stunned by his speech and by the way Lucius pupils definitely dilated at the sight of her Lily coughed: "Erm, er... thank you, Mr Malfoy." Smirking, Lucius lifted Lily's pale hand to his lips and pressed a kiss to her knuckles. Allowing his teeth to graze gently against it. Lily gulped. James had never made her feel like that before. Yet, here this man she had only known as a terrified 11 year old, looking at her like he could eat her. Severus sandwiched her in with his volcanic gaze burning through her flimsy party dress and his outer robe – smelling of leather, basil, rosemary and sandalwood. That was the problem, she discovered, James did not smell right. With Severus, she smelled home. Finbar stood at her side smiling and tilting his head to the side: "In some ways our Master has his priorities all wrong," he sighed as he confidently stroked up and down her arm. "Pretty maidens like you ought to be cherished." Death Eaters – they are Death Eaters! They follow your enemy! THEY CAN KILL YOU EVANS, GO BACK HOME. Except, where was home now? She was certain that it was definitely not in James Potter's arms. Regulus stepped to completely block her in: "Lily, it is all right. I won't hurt you." "Neither of us will," Lucius affirmed. "Our Master has actually wished to meet you for some time. Your talents are incomparable. A Potions Mistress in the making." "Charms and Transfiguration too," Lily said allowing pride to colour her tone. "What choice do I have?" Truthfully, Lily had no choice. She had come from being uncertain about her hasty decision to run off without telling anyone. To self-pity as she lay shivering in the cold, damp earth. To now realising that James Potter was still a boy – here she was surrounded by men. Even sweet Reg was more a man than James Potter. How had she been so blinded? What was she afraid of before? Being alone? No, she had talent, she could be known for something much better than Mrs Potter the wife of the so-called hunk of Gryffindor. No, what she realised she was missing was... perspective. Here it was, delivered to her in four different but wonderful specimens. Dark, saturnine, fair and bold. For the first time in her life, Lily did not feel like a freak, an outsider. She most certainly did not feel like the trophy wife. Surely that is what she would end up as if she married James Potter. She remembered what James said his Armontentia smelled like – it was not her that was for sure! "What will your wife say?" ventured Lily trying to hang on to one thin thread that still hung in her brain that screamed: Bad Idea! Lucius chuckled and leaned over to whisper in her ear: "My marriage is rather... open, shall we say," Lily's throat tightened at the thought of being in that sort of marriage. "All Death Eater marriages are, mostly, some remain loyal due to love. I care for Narcissa a great deal," his lips brushed the highest point of her cheek, "but our needs are not always met, shall we say?" Blushing Lily lowered her gaze to the floor where, she realised, she could only see feet. "Enough flirting, Lucius," Regulus sighed, "and get her somewhere warm for Merlin's sake!" With that statement, all four men paced back but still kept her locked in until Lucius was the only one who stepped forward: "Hold on tight, my dear," he whispered as he snaked his arm around her waist. "I have a feeling the night has only just begun." Lily hid her face in Lucius robes at the implication of his sentence whispered only for her to hear it. The blush spread down her neck and Lucius grinned. What did this Witch see in a buffoon like James Potter anyway? Once they left Finbar grinned at Severus and Regulus: "A real pant-stretcher that one, I'm tellin' you." Severus scowled thunderously back and Regulus lips thinned in disapproval. "What?" shrugged the Irishman, "don't pretend you both weren't thinkin' it. I can assure you gentlemen," he bowed floridly, "that Lucius was already sporting the effect she had on him..." As Fin and Reg Disapparated both men swore they could hear the sound of Severus grinding his teeth together at the mere thought that Lucius Malfoy would get to her before she had talked to him. What was it, she said? Ah yes... It was not her words that gave her away but her eyes. "She's having second thoughts," Severus smiled to himself. "I was right, she accepted out of grace rather than love!" AN : Hermione will also be in this as stated at the top but not for a couple more chapters... lol, she has to be born first... I just decided I wanted to give the limelight to another even more neglected Muggleborn - Lily Evans.