have time for this right now." She said as she began to walk past Ernest but he stepped aside and blocked her. "Can't we talk?" "'Bout what?" "How was your summer?" Victoria rolled her eyes, "Let's see, three months without you stopping me in the hallways constantly trying to make a move? I'd say excellent." "Bit harsh don't you think? Didn't miss me at least a tad?" Ernest pressed on teasingly. "Don't make me laugh, Macmillan. Can I get by now?" Ernest sighed deeply, shifting aside and stretching out his arm to allow Victoria's passageway clear. " Mimbulus mimbletonia ." The portrait swung open, and Victoria walked on through to the Gryffindor common room. Upon entering Victoria could already hear loud shouts coming from inside. "-You are NOT allowed to be selling these to younger students!" A girl's voice shouted determinedly from inside the common room. "Come on!" Two familiar boy's voices said in unison. Victoria continued through the small entry way then noticed Fred and George Weasely standing in a corner; Fred holding a clipboard and quill, and George with an opened box of odd objects. "Loosen up, Granger." Fred said, throwing the clipboard to his side as George lowered the box down for a third year boy to look at the objects. Hermione threw her fists to her side, turning red as she stomped between the boy and George, closing the box and grabbing it in her hold. "I am prefect, and as such, I have to confiscate these." "Hermione, come on… don't you think you're being a bit… irrational." Ron said as he peered above his potions book timorously. Hermione shot him a deadly look causing him to duck back out of sight, then continued to waltz upstairs into the girl's dormitory with the box of objects. Victoria laughed silently as she approached the twins. "Rough day for business, aye?" "We knew Granger was passionate, but merlin does she scare us sometimes." Fred said raising his eyebrows as George nodded in agreement. "And ickle-prefect-Ron over there stood behind a book the entire time." George shouted. Ron put his book down upon noticing the coast was clear, "What do you expect me to do? She's worse than mum!" "What are you selling?" Victoria asked, peaking at the clipboard in Fred's hand. "We-" "Ms. McKinnon-" "Are selling homemade hex-candy." The twins both said. "Homemade hex-candy? What on earth?" Victoria asked with a perturbed expression. "Show her George." "Right, Fred." George shuffled through his pants pocket, taking out two small balls one red and one yellow. "This, McKinnon will get you out of any class-" George began. "With no questions asked." Fred finished. "What do they do?" "Well, the red one will give you a nose bleed. Though it gushes out quite fast, so it's messy…" George said. "And once you're out of class, pop the yellow one in your mouth, and the bleeding ceases. Free period!" "Excellent, have you gotten it to work?" "Well…" Fred said, as the two twins turned their bodies revealing a second year sitting on a chair behind them holding a large towel under their nose. "The yellow one isn't perfected yet… he's been bleeding for half an hour now." "Am I going to pass out from blood loss?" The boy said, as blood dripped down and reached the cracks in his lips. Victoria winced, revolted at the scene. "You'll be okay, just keep quiet around Granger." George said handing the boy another towel. "Anyways, do you two have any new fireworks? Stink pellets, something I can work with." Victoria asked. The boys pondered for a moment, before Fred grabbed his pack and began shuffling through it. He took out two small brown balls and a larger red ball. "Complimentary, my dear prankster." "Are you serious?" Victoria said, grabbing the objects out of Fred's hand. "From one trouble maker to another." George said, and the twins smiled. "What am I going to do next year when you're gone?" Victoria said whimsically as she shoved the objects in her pack. "Continue the legendary pranks we have taught you since first year." George suggested "Then find a successor." Fred said laughing. Victoria grinned and waved the two off, heading for the girl's dormitory. The room was dark with what Victoria can assume four beds already filled with presumably sleeping girls. She slinked over to her bed in the corner, throwing her pack down as she heavily fell to her bed. Reaching up for her ribbon and letting her hair fall, she proceeded to kick off her shoes and change into her sleepwear. As she laid down on her bed, throwing the covers over her body she turned to her side and pulled on the thin chain that connected to a very dim light. She reached over on the nightstand's drawer and opened it up, grabbing a small, thin notebook. She pulled back the ribbon that closed the notebook, and opened it. Inside she grabbed the photograph she had looked at the previous day. Like most pictures in the wizarding world, this one moved. Victoria watched as a young girl with long blonde curly hair smiled through the picture. She assumed the photo was much larger, because it was torn and burnt in areas. The other people around the woman were hard to make out or impossible due to the burns and tears. Yet, that didn't matter to Victoria, she had this one photo with the one person she loved the most completely decipherable. Though she couldn't help but wonder, if any of the other people in the photograph were the other people that went missing from her life… like possibly her father. Footsteps creaked their way up the staircase, causing her heart to pound in surprise as she quickly shoved the picture back into the notebook, placing it inside the nightstand and turning off the dim light as she rolled over and closed her eyes. It wasn't long till she eventually drifted into a deep night's sleep.