news of James being Head Boy surprisingly well and actually hadn't yelled at him. Yes, it was a miracle. Of course, she still had doubts, but for someone so previously prejudiced it was very surprising. Maybe in sixth year they had worn her down a bit. Sirius knew this was James' last chance for her to like him. After Hogwarts, they would most likely pursue different careers and never see each other again. He also knew that James knew, too, but didn't want to acknowledge it. Sirius supposed having a crush on a girl for eight years then realizing you would never see her again was a bit daunting. They had been civil to each other for a few weeks. It had been quite mind-blowing. A few students were still waiting for a big blow up, holding a pair of earmuffs borrowed from Professor Sprout in case there was a row again. They certainly did not want their eardrums to explode. Sirius was surprised that James didn't mention asking Lily out. He thought that since they had become friendly with each other, he would be able to ask her out without her snapping back at him. When he asked this question to James, James just sighed and ruffled his hair. "It's complicated, Padfoot. I mean, I still like her, but I'm not dumb enough to try to show off for her or use romantic gestures to get her. I know we're just friends right now, but I really don't want to mess it up. Everything's perfect now. Why mess it up for an absurd chance? It's not worth the risk." "It's not worth the risk?" Sirius asked quietly. "What's not worth the risk? Lily Evans, the girl of your dreams since you met her actually liking you back but you'll never know because you were too cowardly to ask or try? James, the days of her snapping when you ask her out are over. The worst she'll say is no, that you guys are just friends." James looked up disbelievingly. "Sirius-" He shook his head. "No. I've heard enough." He walked away as James just stared. Again. It was strange, really. When he had first met her, he really hadn't liked her. No, she was a pain in the arse. Around second and third year, he had been hopeful, but fourth year had ruined everything. Fifth year was the biggest blow out of all, though sixth year had repaired a few things. But all of this was for James. He needed to talk to Evans. He eventually found her packing up after a Transfiguration class, putting her quill and parchment away. "Oh, hi, Black," she said, glancing up. "You know, it's interesting how you call James by his given name and not Potter, but you call me by my last name," he remarked. She blushed. Faintly. But it had been there. Just another piece of evidence in one of his fairly correct guesses. "What do you want? You obviously didn't come here to make idle conversation with me," she said, standing up fully and putting her hands on her hips. "I am just here to confirm the fact that you like James Potter," he stated. She gaped at him, turning fire truck red. "Black-" "Aha!" He said triumphantly, pointing at her. "There it is! Evidence!" "Wha-? Are you crazy? Of course I don't like him," she shot back at him. "Ah, but all your actions seem to say the opposite. You act friendly towards him when in fifth year you couldn't even stand the sight of him. You turned red when I made that casual remark about last names when in sixth year you would have given a catty retort like "Oh, so does that make us boyfriend and girlfriend? Because then if it does, you're married to Remus and Peter." You didn't outright deny it when I accused you, when previously you would have IMMEDIATELY talked over me and give me a good slap. Instead, you stuttered and gaped because you didn't expect me to figure it out. Plus, the fact that you're not even saying anything does not help your case at all." She opened her mouth. Then closed it. Then opened her mouth again and out came a weak "How did you know?" He shrugged. "I'm a love guru. And also, everyone eventually falls for the charms of Prongs. It just took him seven years to break through your defenses." "You- you won't TELL him, right?" "Truthfully, Evans, if he was a normal person and acted reasonably, he would lord it over you and tease you at every available opportunity, because that's quite frankly what you deserve. That's what I would do. But because he still loves you, he would never dream of doing that kind of thing to you. So no, I won't. But if you want a relationship, Evans, you are going to have to take the first step. The guy's tired of rejection, he's not gonna ask you for the millionth time so he can be sneered at. But I will tell you this- he will never ever say no." She blinked, and then Sirius was gone. "How did he get so smart?" She wondered aloud. He peeked back from the doorway and called out, "It's not so hard, Evans. All of Hogwarts except James knows you're lusting after him. It's for the sake of the first years who don't do well with all the sexual tension between you two." Thus leaving her stammering and red again. When he saw the two of them laughing and holding hands together walking down the streets of Hogsmeade, he couldn't help but think this: Lily Evans isn't quite so bad after all. And when he sees her walk down the aisle to where James is waiting, his hazel eyes brimming with happiness, he knows it was all worth it in the end. Every single second. Lily Evans was the only girl in the world deserving of James.