well enough and you must make sure no one sees her beauty except you." "I am not even sure I can see her..." "You have to, Severus, she is a beautiful girl. No more thinking of me. I have absolved you of all the guilt," Lily sighed stroking his hair. "I loved you – we both suffered due to foolish youthful arrogance – you have to decide whether you wish for death or to love and be loved now." "Yes but surely there are others in the Order that would hel..." "Not really, Dumbledore's focus is all on my son, he's not thinking about Hermione – he only views her as Potter's best friend, the one who can get him out of scrapes. He does not see her heart shattering every time she receives a letter from her parents." "I am still not sure," he sighed. "I have been nothing but a cantankerous beast to her – why would she listen to me?" "I will give you three tips – they are," Lily sighed. " Request do not demand. Thank yous would not go amiss either. Perhaps one or two public compliments . Nothing drastic but you have her in lessons, utilise her need to be praised." Severus felt Lily's presence fade from his arms. "Don't go, Lily! I'll cock it up – I know I will!" "Be kind, be clever, be with her how you were with me. Mess up? Apologise! she's a lot more forgiving than I am. Smile at her occasionally and encourage her. Remember – you have six months to make her trust you, fall in love with you, confide in you and help you." Severus sighed: "Anything else my dear Jedi?" "Let her in your personal space," Lily said. "What about your son he..." "She can keep secrets, Sev," Lily's voice sounded vague. Dawn was breaking and his time with Lily was over. The moment the sun broke open he was left alone contemplating all what the apparition had said. Today, he sighed, was going to be the start on his pathway to hell, still that was where the road led that was paved with good intentions. After he had showered and dressed he thought that there was merit to what Lily had said – seducing Hermione Granger from under Dumbledore's nose held some sort of appeal. The Dark Lord could not object as he was after any titbit of information regarding Potter and the darkness of the act would most certainly hold some merit in his dark heart. He would love the thought of the muggleborn betraying those she supposedly loves. In fact he began to look forward to the day ahead... Miss Granger won't know what came to her when he accosted her with Slytherin charms, grace and etiquette. He washed his hair three times that morning, brushed it properly and added a sleek and shine charm that Lucius taught him. He smirked as he abandoned the heavy duty black set and brought out his lighter fabric, emerald green robes he wore for special occasions. He may have to introduce colour to his wardrobe. Making a note to ask Narcissa for guidance in that respect. Narcissa would do anything; even befriend Hermione if he so asked, especially if it meant Draco did not have to kill Dumbledore. He wondered if any of the Malfoy had any visitors that night. Lily had said there was no time for baby steps, which was his normal approach – he hated to have to be Gryffindorian about this endeavour. If he was going to woo Miss Granger, by the founders and their families, he would do it! Bewitch. Ensnare. Teach. A reptilian smirk spread across his face, oh I can do that to her, he smiled. I can unleash myself upon you, he thought as he buttoned up his frilled tunic. By the time I am through with you I will ruin you for any other wizard who comes along, perhaps even make sure no other wizard touches you from the day after I bed you. Simmer. Boil. Stir. Just like emotions, he knew he could entice hatred and fear but he had other things he could do for Hermione. The Yule Ball proved that the cygnet had become a flourishing swan. He could entice her heart to yearn, make her ache between the thighs, he could bring out the lusts within her. Use her devotion to study and show her other ways of being studious. Then when finished he would demand she stayed behind next year – for how could he continue – if she was under the first layer of skin now, then how would it be at the end of six months when he had taken her to bed not once but several times? Now, what was a good reason to keep her here... something that would stop her well-intentioned but utterly drastic measures she could make for herself. It would change plans but he was adaptable, so was she, it was a trait Muggleborns were good at. Half-Bloods too. Once he used his voice for sensual charm he'd probably have half the witches begging to be bedded. Why not? It is about time he had some fun. He will, of course, be only taking the actually graceful Miss Granger to bed. By now he was certain that he would introduce her to Narcissa. It is about time she understood her older sister's decision. If he could re unite a family that would be more of a bonus. Yes, he smiled as he clasped the outer robes together with the silver snake like buckle that rested below the chest bone. Time to shine, Severus, but only a little. What worked for Ebenezer Scrooge won't work for you, so you have to take this calmly. Miss Hermione Granger – the bane of his life – would be in for an incredible shock! Little did he know that he was the one in for the surprise.