preferred to keep a low profile, trying to live her life without making the news. " ... famous Estignis, who's rumoured of having the ability to talk to the beasts themselves, descendant, maybe, of a hybrid race, we'll never know for sure. Another candidate might be the well known greek Tamer, Portokalis, who discovered the breed of non-winged dragons that live near the magical area of Santorini." " Those dragons are rather small and barely dangerous, though. I'm not sure that it'll help him classify for the top five picks, Mel." " You may be right, Kar. However, his work on the field is undeniably important even if it isn't very glamorous." " When we come back, we'll keep discussing potential candidates for transfer to work on the case of the legendary dragon Ancalagon, who's been found alive in a cave in Vietnam. You are listening to the Wizarding Wireless Network News, we'll be right back after some word from our sponsor, Nimbus 2012." At this, Mila tapped her wand over the wooden radio and it went silent. Hermione was the first to speak, per usual. "I remain sceptical," she said. "The chances of it being Ancalagon are very slim, more so given the fact that they managed to relocate him to Romania. I don't think it would be possible to move a dragon half that size. It's either a publicity stunt of some sort or they're trying to get the best Tamers to transfer to their reserve. They'd have to stay at least two seasons given transfer regulations." Hermione had never been particularly shy about her opinions but now she owned them in a completely different way. Her job had helped her in regards to becoming more assertive. A moment of doubt in the field could mean losing a limb. "Well, I think it is Ancalagon and I'm going to apply right now for a transfer to Romania. I chose this program over theirs and I think I have a chance of getting my place back if I apply sooner rather than later!" With that, Grog skipped towards the entrance of the tent and was gone without waiting for a reply. It didn't take long for Mila to jump at the unsuspecting witch, excitement gripping her just as it had the young trainee. "I think this is a sign, Plamŭk. You walked in this morning saying that you don't want to stay in Bulgaria and I think I'm in need of a change of scenery as well. Let's go to Romania together!" The healer's voice was deep, very persuasive and if she was honest with herself, the passion in her voice was even contagious. "That's not exactly what I had in mind. I miss my family, I need to find solid ground again. And I don't believe for a second that the dragon they found is Ancalagon. It's absurd to even entertain the notion! I can't believe they're making such a fuss about this," said Hermione, her voice dripping with annoyance. It was preposterous to think that there was a two thousand and five-hundred-year-old dragon in the Romanian reserve. Idiots, the lot of them. "I'm not saying it is. I'm saying there's a dragon big enough and old enough to be thought of as Ancalagon in Romania right now. Wouldn't you want to be part of the team that works on the case? Think about your research. You've already discovered two more uses for dragon's blood and that was before…" She cut her speech short, noticing the frown forming in Hermione's face. This wouldn't be the way to convince her, knowing Hermione didn't like to talk about her accident. "All I'm saying is there's no Dragon Tamer in the field that can do what you do, and even if they could, I'm sure it would be a botched half arsed version of what you could accomplish," said Mila, almost holding her breath. It was smart, appealing to her intellect, to her curiosity. The Tamer in her wanted to see this dragon, because she was right, even if it wasn't the real thing it had to be formidable to have caused such a commotion. Dragons were big, it was their nature. How big was this creature that had the international community in uproar? Then there was the researcher in her. The dragon had to be old, very old to have been thought to be the millennial creature. A scale or even a fragment of a claw could be invaluable for her current investigation. The Tamer silently cursed the healer in her head, knowing that she had started a mental wheel she very rarely managed to stop. The possibilities were endless and Hermione had to see them through. "Fine, I'll think about it," said Hermione. They both knew she had already made up her mind, but what else could she say? She wasn't going to roll over and expose her soft scaled underbelly. "Good. I'll get my paperwork sorted and started. If you're leaving, be it for Romania or Scotland, I think it's a good time to try my luck somewhere else anyway. See you later!" And with that the healer walked out of the tent, leaving behind a very annoyed Hermione. This actually gave her an opening. It was the perfect excuse to leave Bulgaria without being questioned about her relationship. It wouldn't betray her break up, at least not as fast as relocating to a different reserve for no reason like she originally had planned would have done. Romania it is, then. At least for the time being. I'll be back home after my curiosity is sated and enough time has passed so the press won't hound me with questions about Viktor. I'll just say the distance put too much pressure on our relationship and we simply grew apart or some such nonsense, she thought. When did my life turn into this? she wondered. Hermione sighed and walked out, deciding she better start the paperwork sooner rather than later.