mother. That did not lessen his love for Ginny by any stretch. It was Ginny's temper and loyalty that attracted him to her in the first place. That and she had the sexiest form in a Quidditch uniform he had ever seen. A light knock, a quivering handle, and the door opened. Quietly, Kingsley walked in the room. "Molly has said that lunch was being served. I have informed Ginevra." Harry nodded and stood up. He looked up and smiled slightly. "Who have you kissed?" Harry asked, as he noticed a bit of lipstick on Kingsley's white cravat. Kingsley glanced down at where Harry was gazing intently at his neck covering. "Oh, just some girl I met." Harry narrowed his eyes and smiled knowingly at the older man. "Yeah, right!" The two men walked out of the room and made their way back to the dining room where they saw Ginny and Hermione whispering to each other. Harry narrowed his eyes; Kingsley decided not to let his naturally suspicious nature take over, as he had seen these two girls whisper like this before. It was then Harry looked at Hermione's lips – smudged lipstick a startlingly familiar shade to the one on his potential boss cravat and collar. Lunch was a very quiet affair. Molly had deliberately placed the girls as far from the men as possible so no hanky panky could occur under the table. Hermione looked at Ginny and nodded. "Mum, why don't you put your feet up and Hermione and I will clear up and cook dinner," Ginny said. Molly narrowed her eyes but decided to suspend judgement. "I could do with a rest." The girls ate the tomato soup quietly. When everyone had finished they started clearing up the table. Ginny brought Molly a cup of tea and told her to go to the sitting room. When Molly was out of the room Harry turned on them. "What are you two up to?" he asked. "Nothing Harry," Hermione singsonged; looking as innocent as a child. "That's right," Ginny replied. "We just want to give mum a rest that's all." Kingsley shook his head trying not to laugh. If women were up to something they'd hardly confess all to the opposite sex. "Come on, Harry," Kingsley steered Harry out of the kitchen. "Perhaps you can help me with something." Ginny and Hermione watched them walk out of the room. They checked their watches. "That was so lucky that you had some of that potion spare," Ginny sighed. "But," she peered up and down her friend's attire, "where was it hidden?" Smirking slightly, Hermione lifted the skirt of her dress where the empty vial rested in the skimpy band of her mint green silk underwear. "Be prepared," Hermione winked cheekily. "If I heard it once I heard it a thousand times from my dad," with that she let the skirt fall. Gasping, wide eyed, Ginny glanced up at her friend with naked awe. "Right," she shook her head to get back on task. "Mum should be off like a light now," her eyes sparkled mischief. "I'll go and slip that infernal contraption off her wrist. I have had training from the twins." Hermione nodded. "I'll clean up the kitchen." Moments later a triumphant Ginny bounced into the kitchen and held the watch up like a trophy. Infectiously, Ginny giggled at a bemused but proud friend. "She was snoring with her mouth wide open and everything it was so comical." "Do not be cruel, Ginny," Hermione's lips twitched at the corner of her mouth as if tempted to laugh along with the red head. "All right, I have conspired with you, now tell me why you're in a fit over my mother?" Blushing furiously, Hermione circled her feet on the floor as she looked at anywhere but at her fellow Gryffindor. "Please do not freak out," Hermione implored with shining eyes. "Witches Oath!" Ginny saluted. "ItsKingsleyShackleboltandIlikehimverymuch!" Hermione rushed out. "It is who and what. Slow down, fellow Lioness of mine." The brunette took a deep calming breath to centre herself. "It's Kingsley," Hermione puffed out. "I have not told anyone, Ginny. I mean," her eyes drooped. Ginny was put in mind of a wilting rose. "He's gorgeous, brave, clever, sweet..." "Whoh, whoh, whoh," Ginny urged Hermione to calm down again. "You do not have to justify anything with me, Hermione. You like who you like. No one can dictate that to you, you hear?" Hermione snorted. "You don't think it weird that I like Kingsley?" "Hell no!" Ginny exclaimed. "He's hot isn't he?" "Scorching," Hermione sighed. "When he kissed my mouth I was so charged with emotion I could barely contain it!" "And then my mother had to go and spoil it, eh?" Hermione rolled her eyes. She smirked slightly and took the watch in her soapy hands. "If I wasn't fearing the reprisals and didn't respect the amount of work it took to make this watch I'd dump it in the water right now." "We can't do that," Ginny sighed. "Though it is awfully tempting." She shrugged her shoulders and placed it down her cleavage. Ginny watched bug eyed. "That is a temporary measure, where should we hide it?" "The last place where mum will think of finding it," Ginny said. "And I'm not going to tell you either in case you chicken out and decide to tell her in one of your ' honest ' moments." Hermione scowled. "I don't get them any more!" "Don't you?" Ginny asked. She picked up a towel and began wiping up. "We're getting our men tonight whether mother likes it or not." "Do your parents still do it?" Hermione asked with genuine curiosity. Ginny screwed up her face. "Yuck! Hermione," she pretended to gag. "Some of us like to keep our food in our stomachs!" Hermione laughed. She sighed as she contemplated how she could go about gaining Kingsley's undivided attention later whilst Ginny was contemplating the same thing about Harry.