radiating all over the world, the phoenix flew forward with the crown and gently placing it on his head before allowing him to pick up the staff and sword, The King has returned... Way back in yonder, of times of old, when the founders of modern magical Europe emerged, the names of these people were Godric Gryffindor, Rowena Ravenclaw, Helga Hufflepuff and Salazar Slytherin, each were amazing wizards and founded things in their own right. Godric created the ministry of magic's in the absence of the king and created the magical community of godric's hollow. Rowena was smart and loved books, and she was the one who founded the mundane & magical national libraries in every country in Europe in the hope that books would be preserved forever and for anyone to see. Helga Hufflepuff was a gentle and caring person and she set up the first ever magical hospital which rapidly grew worldwide. She also set up Diagon Alley, a specific place for wizards to shop. Contrary to popular belief Salazar was not a dark, evil wizard, he was nice and kind, he set up Knockturn Alley where no matter what the species they could turn up, shop and not be prejudiced by other people. These four amazing wizards came together and set up the magical school we know and love today called Hogwarts. One day a seer from the line of Nostradamus came to them and explained a vision that he had, in the future disaster will strike the magical world, evil will reign for centuries upon centuries. The founders rightfully thought they needed to do something, especially to protect their heirs, they did not know how long into the future it would be but this did not matter to them. Three weeks later Godric had married Helga and Rowena had Married Salazar. They loved each other and wanted their heirs to be just as close in the future, so they put a tiny piece of their souls into the marriage contract so that when the world will need them the most, they can come together, marry once again and help the young couple in what they must do. Harry was overwhelmed, in one day he had become king of magical Europe. How the hell did that happen? Stupid Umbridge. The ministries may be done but all the discriminatory laws that the Wizengamot have passed still stand, he had to address his nation today, he knew exactly what he was going to say, and it won't be just the wizards he will be addressing, he will be addressing every magical being in Europe. From Goblins to Centaurs, the Fay to Veela. None would be ignored under his rule First before his addressing the nation, it was time to consider all his finances, of all his accounts, same with Hermione, Neville & Luna, each got their own report. Literally there was too much to even list on one piece of parchment like usually happens, the goblins had to use 36 pieces for Harry, 24 for Neville, Luna and Hermione. It was complete and utter madness, they pretty much own Magical Europe, they owned thousands of properties between them, 50 Quidditch Teams, 500,000 Magical and Mundane Businesses, shares in over 10 million magical and mundane businesses, some long extinct that could be revived, others at their peak, the goblins invested wisely. Harry decided that he is going to disband the old ICW and Wizengamot and create the new Crown Council, made up of advisors from around the world that will vote on what new laws should be made, even though the king's power is absolute. Neville was stood to his right-hand side, was Hermione on his left, Luna to the left of her. They were on a big stage, in front of the memory orbs playing this to every wizard, witch, magical being and creature in Europe. "Today I address you, not only as your king but as your equal, I have been given this illustrious position through my heritage and I vow to make this continent the best in the world once more, we have been in dark times, ruled by bigoted purebloods for the past 500 years and it is time to stop, no more I say, standing here today I hereby disband the European ICW and the European Wizengamot's and hereby create the new Crown Council, like the Wizengamot they vote on new laws that should be passed around the continent however they are loyal to throne, this council is made up of all different being's around the continent so we can do what's best for them. These three wizard to the side of me will be joining the council, their titles have upped from Lord to Baron and Lady's to Baroness's. Any wizard from the former Wizengamot that I believe to be worthy of a lordship and is loyal to the crown will receive a new place on the council. I am opening up places on the council to the magical races of Goblins, Vampires, Hags, Giant's, House-Elves, High Elven, Dwarves, Veela, Werewolves, Ghost's, Merpeople, Centaurs, Acromantulas, Sphinx's, Manticores, Dementors, Diricawls, Augureys, Fwoopers, Pixies, The Fay, Trolls, Leprechauns and any other Sentient Magical Being that feels they should have a place on this council. I will be contacting each of these contingents individually and recruiting them from all over the continent to join us. I will do my best for you and will not let any of you down. It is time for change, I am change. SO I SAY IT SO MOTE IT BE." Harry turned on his heel and left the stage, descending to his throne, next to his throne he had commissioned a Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff and Slytherin throne to be placed at his right and left hand side's appropriately, where Neville, Luna and Hermione now sat, these four people were amicably chatting about what had just happened, but they were not the only ones, the whole of magical Europe was pretty much speechless.