in on asking about Cunobelenus's whereabouts. " Athair, that reminds me. The draoidh was wondering if you knew the whereabouts of Cunobelenus. He has not shown up for the last three lessons and he is unaware of where Cunobelenus resides at moonup. " If Belenus had been watching his Athair closer, he would have seen a slight twitch just under one of his eyes that lasted only for a couple of seconds before he answered. " Cunobelenus has been sent out into the farther pastures to round up the stray animals that were left there when the bulk was brought back. " Belenus nodded slowly. That meant that Cunobelenus would be gone for at least another forenight. Which meant another lesson would pass before he returned. Not good. Belenus didn't voice any of his thoughts, instead turning to his Athair and saying " I will be sure to pass on his whereabouts. " Elder Aeron raised an eyebrow and said " Very well. I will inform you when the first of your lessons begin. " Belenus nodded and left the home area, aiming for the area that the draoidh had claimed as home. - RAON - Belenus found the draoidh just getting ready to bridle up his mount for a routine exercise time. He turned as he sensed Belenus's still young Gift approaching. He tilted his head slightly, sending slightly greyed brown hair tilting over his eyes. Belenus halted a few feet away and said " Muinear draoidh, I have information from the Elder Aeron on the current status of Cunobelenus. " The draoidh hid his slight frown. Cunobelenus was a bit of an enigma. The newly-named had seemed excited for the class and then had suddenly stopped appearing three forenights ago. He was beginning to believe that the newly-named was as bad as the rumors of the Tribe said that he was. He shook himself mentally out of his thoughts and spoke " Go on, oileanach. " Belenus breathed a silent sigh of relief and continued " Elder Aeron has informed me that Cunobelenus was sent to the farther pastures for strays that were not retrieved before the bulk herds returned. " The draoidh almost frowned openly this time. If the teen had been sent out to the farther pastures around three forenights ago, then why was he only just now being informed? He knew better than to ask that question to the Elder though. Since the Ceannard was currently out of the Tribe territory, the Elders were the ones in charge. Perhaps when the Ceannard returned he'd be able to ask the question. The way it looked now, it was like he was being encouraged to dislike Cunobelenus. That didn't sit well with his ideals but in the Tribe, it was how it went for any diobarach. Belenus was getting worried. The draoidh had not spoken for quite a bit of time and he was worried that it spoke ill of Cunobelenus's chances of continuing lessons when he returned. The draoidh's slightly gruff voice broke him out of his thoughts as he said " I thank you for passing the information on, oileanach. I will take that into consideration for the punishment that awaits Cunobelenus when he returns for missing lessons. Go about the rest of the sun's rays as you normally would. " Belenus knew a dismissal when he heard it and he was not stupid enough to try to argue it. He just hoped that Cunobelenus didn't get kicked out of the lessons. Okay, that's the beginning of this story. This is currently mostly memories that we are seeing so that's why it jumps about on who's thinking. Oh, and the language, mostly its ancient Celtic with hints of Greek. Yeah, I'm taking artistic license for that and when in time this happens because I don't feel like having to read about how many mistakes in this story I'm making in regards to timeline. Other mistakes, please feel free to point them out. This is a major AU type and I'm borrowing things from multiple stories later on. Most of the ideas, though, are from Miranda Flairgold's series, Amira Devant and her story Leaving it all behind, Toki Mirage's story Bloody skies, and…I think that's it when it comes to the major points. Anything that doesn't sound at all familiar means that it's either original or it's from a story you haven't read before, or it's an idea that you were having as well and I had no clue and used it and now you're probably paranoid that I can read minds, or something. Moving on, this story is using the Demon invasion idea from Miranda Flairgold, except this one has them looking different, different name, it's before Atlantis is destroyed, and they haven't been sealed yet, and also because the demons ( deamhan while we're watching the memories, and then it goes to Daeamon –random, not entirely sure is even a word- in the chapters in the future. So, there will be translations, because I'm sure a few of you are confused on some of the words in the chapter. So, without further ado— TRANSLATIONS: NAMES: Belenus: name of a sun god equated with Apollo, means bright or brilliant Cunobelenus: Hound of Belenus Aeron: Name of a masculine Welsh mythology deity that means Battle, slaughter Aileas: traced back to it's root form, in German, it basically means 'Noble Kind' OTHER: Cailean: Whelp, all of the children are named such until their naming in their eleventh year of life. Ceannard: Leader Ben: wife Màthair: mother Athair: Father Diobarach: outcast Neach-iùil: guide Isean: pup Leanaban: young child, baby Grian: Sun Draoidh: mage Muinear: Teacher, professor Oileanach: student Okay, I do believe that was all of them. I think. Anyway, if anyone can figure out what the draoidh said the gifts were in modern terming instead of the 'old way' that I did, then you get a cyber cookie. I hear that they are good. Until Next time.