as she pierced flesh in reaction to one particularly hard lunge into her. Then, she felt it, as she arched her back up, gutturally yelling out to Athena and Eros for the pleasure she was attaining at Zeus hands. She sat up and clutched onto his shoulders as she bounced back up and down on the pulsating shaft. In passions rage he turned her around and slammed her against the nearest wall where he continued to thrust and parry, making her feel so raw, so primal, that she began sobbing for relief. "Want... to... come... want... to... finish... can't... take... any more!" she cried as she pushed down as he thrust up. "Never... has... it... been... like... this!" she gasped out. Truly, Lucius knew how to make a girl wait but still she did not come. Did not want to end this dance. No matter how painful the wait may be, she knew deep inside, that it would pay off. Then Lucius groaned in her ear: "Want to come, my dear?" he asked as he nibbled and chewed her earlobe. "I wonder if I should let you come... After all, you have been torturing my thoughts, my soul the moment I saw you, dear Lily. My delicious," he kissed and suckled the base of her throat. "Delightful," he murmured as his member was fluttering inside her tight walls quite happily. "Precious Lily," he growled as he held one of her legs over his shoulder to change angle and boy did it work. Now he was thrusting so deep his sac was flush against her clit. With his other hand he secured her other leg around his hip and stopped thrusting for just a second as he watched Lily's aggravated gaze. "Oops, were you close?" he sighed. "What would you do for me in return for making you come?" Lily rolled her eyes. Trust a Slytherin to make a deal whilst in the throes of great sex: "I-I'll clean you off with m-my mouth," she stuttered shyly. Again it was something James, strangely, did not want her to do. "I-if y-you..." again lips crashed on lips. Lucius was overjoyed by that remark. He was expecting something else. Protect family or something. He would too. He would help protect her any way he could. "Excellent suggestion, my dear," he purred as he made sure she was secure. "All right," he smirked; "you want to come, then by all means," he thrust harder, faster, with his hand stroking and roughly massaging her lips and clit causing Lily's legs to quiver and shake. "Come!" he exclaimed. Lily did! She came with loud shout of exultant joy and Lucius name on her swollen lips as her green eyes sparkled amorously at him. With another two thrusts he threw back his head as his legs shook beneath him. Triumphantly, Lucius roared out her name. Riding on orgasm's wave, Lucius kissed her mouth hungrily, possessively, drinking in all the juices from her mouth. Never have neither been so thirsty before. Before he went flaccid, and when their thirst had been suitably quenched, Lily knelt down on the floor. Glancing at his rod a little nervously, Lily tentatively circled her tongue around his semen, come sodden, shaft. Confident in her ability, Lily licked around the hot flesh, making eye contact as she did so. Lucius had never seen anything so beautiful or perfect in his life than the Mudblood on the floor wantonly dishevelled. The ravages of lust freshly acquired on proud display. Not to mention her emerald green eyes, those eyes, would make even the purest of Slytherin wish to own and Lucius had them. Just as Lily was polishing off Lucius wand the door opened and Lily's gaze landed on a shocked Severus and an angry Abraxas. Without a care in the world – for Lucius was the Malfoy family Head now – so his father could only scold him, nothing more. As for Severus; Lucius sneered, did Severus think he really stood a chance? After Abraxas scolded his son for acting inappropriately for a Malfoy, and a Pureblood elite, he sent him away and looked at his watch. Soon... soon... now... "Ah, my dear Francine, I believe I owe you 200 galleons for your little act of sowing discord amongst the Marauders, those that have wronged Severus." The Slyther-slut smiled with her now healed mouth: "My Lord Abraxas, I was hoping for other forms of payment," she smirked. "Oh no, my dear girl, money it is." "Fine – then I double the price, 400 galleons or I tell Snape what this was all about!" Abraxas tutted and shook his head: "Four hundred? But a drop in the ocean," he said fairly cavalierly. "However, I will be willing to give you Five hundred if you spy on the charming Miss Evans for me, and notify me immediately when you have successfully trapped her." Pouting, Francine sighed: "Fine, Six hundred galleons and Lily Evans on a silver platter," she folded her arms across her ample bosom. "But, if I am successful, I wish for further negotiations between my father and you for the annulment of Lucius marriage so we could be as was originally arranged before my step mother put her boot in it... I do not ever want to go near that brute Goyle!" Abraxas smiled and steepled his fingers together, resting his chin on the highest point as he regarded the ambitious Witch in front of him... AN : This may be continued... Some of the actions in this story were out of my comfort zone sexually... so I thought I would take the chance on a couple people seem not to think about. Considering the amount of Lumione there are... shrugs... Lucius was born in 1954, as Lily and Sev started school in 1971 - that would have been Lucius last year at Hogwarts. So, in 1978 she would be 18. It is a shame we do not know when, exactly, Lucius was born...