hard that she's hiccupping. The laughter seems to make James realize that he's lost the Silent Game, and the realization makes him swear even louder. That boy is lucky his Grandmother is not here yet. While my children watch their brother struggle to his feet and fall a few times in the process, I see Scorpius turn to Rose and wink at her. To my surprise, she smiles back at him. I have no time to ponder this strange behavior though because eight more people have just landed in my fireplace. "Hello everyone! How are you this fine morning?" Teddy greeted cheerfully as he ducked out of the fireplace and dusted himself off. "Sorry we're a little late. Victoire here couldn't decide how to do her hair. JSP, why are you on the floor?" The kitchen filled with noise as we all simultaneously returned his salutations and Scorpius got up to help Molly carry all the food she brought. Introductions were made as breakfast was distributed, Al hitting his brother in the face with a piece of toast. "Family," Teddy addressed us, gesturing to the burly young man to his right, "This is my best mate and Best Man, Tony Matthews. Tony, these goofballs are my family: my godfather Harry; my "cousin" Rose; my fake sister Lily; the idiots Al and James; and their best friend, my cousin Scorpius." We each nodded as we were mentioned, James even going as far as bowing. Teddy and Tony took sat down in the chairs Rose conjured, and Victoire took over the introductions. "I know we were a bit older than you, but you may recognize my best friends from Hogwarts: Katie Wilson," the small brunette waved shyly, "and Sadie Witherspoon," the leggy, blond looked less than thrilled to be here. "Of course, you already know my siblings," Victoire continued, lightly elbowing her ash covered brother, Louis, and sister, Dominque. Once everyone had settled in their chairs, except for Molly who was busy making sure everyone was eating enough ("Louis, I made sure I brought extra potatoes because I know they're your favorite. Have some more, honey. Lily, darling, make sure you have one of the oranges. You need more fruit in your diet, young lady. Scorpius, dear, you've gotten much too thin. Has James been eating all the food at your place? Don't be shy, eat up!"), Victoire got down to business. "Ok, everyone, I know there are still about 5 months until the wedding, but there is still so much to do! We're going to go over the schedule of events before the wedding in a minute, but Teddy and I would like to thank you for agreeing to be a part of this process," she smiled dazzlingly around the table. "I know the wedding party is on the larger side, but you're all so important to us, and we're hoping you can help us with the planning." Taking a large bite from a sausage, Teddy whispered loudly to Scorpius, "The wedding party would have been smaller, but Victoire said it wasn't fair to make Al a groomsman without making James one too. The lady insisted. What could I do?" James didn't verbally retaliate, but casually tipped Teddy's juice glass into his lap. Ignoring the swearing of her fiancé as his pants soaked up the liquid, Victoire raised her voice a little and began detailing the schedule for the next few months: engagement party, dress and robe shopping, dance lessons (I wasn't really looking forward to those), more shopping, fitting appoints, rehearsals, and those were only the ones I remembered. The list went on. I don't remember doing half this stuff for my own wedding! As Victoire went over the notes her mother had made to share with the rest of them, my children and their friends started gradually losing interest. In fact, only Molly and Victoire's school friends seemed to be paying any attention to what was being said. James resumed stuffing his face with bacon and cinnamon rolls. Lily was examining her nails, looking for some flaw that wasn't there. Teddy was gazing at Victoire; she had his full attention, but he was obviously not listening to a word she spoke. Tony was leaning back in his seat, staring at the ceiling, and twirling his wand carelessly in his fingers. Rose put her arm on the table and rested her head in the crook of her elbow, hoping to catch a little bit more sleep. Taking advantage of her inattention, Scorpius was ripping off small pieces of his schedule, wadding them into little balls, and flicking them into Rose's hair. What is he, 5-years-old? Al, who was watching his friend with an exasperated expression, noticed me watching. Smirking, he shook his head and rolled his eyes before fighting his brother for the last piece of bacon. I continued to watch as it began to look like Rose had a horrible case of dandruff. One paper ball bounced off her cheek, but she didn't wake. Instead, she batted her hand in front of her face like she was trying to ward off the wrakspurts, then settled back into a comfortable position. I smiled at her fondly. It was cute. It was then that I noticed the barrage of paper missiles had ceased. I looked to Scorpius in puzzlement. The look on his face was one I didn't recognize, but it kind of felt like I should. It's for this reason that I make a note to observe the two of them throughout the wedding process. It should be good practice. Work is a bit boring at the moment. It's rare that I get to put my Auror skills to such a fun and unproductive use. They'll never see me coming. Should be fun. A/N: Sorry the chapter was so long. I promise that most won't be quite as lengthy. There was just a lot of background information that I wanted to clear up. Please let me know what you think.