the car." After about ten minutes Mr and Mrs Weasley appeared. "Boys!" Mrs Weasley exclaimed. "What are you doing here?" "We couldn't get through the barrier, mum." Ron told her. "Well, we'll just have to apparate won't we." she said, fussing with their clothes. "Now boys, hold onto us." Mr Weasley told them. "1-2-3!" Harry felt a tugging sensation before he was whipped away. His vision spun before his eyes, and when he came to his surroundings, he found himself outside of Hogwarts on the edge of the Forbidden Forest. "What was that?" Harry asked, trying to keep himself from retching up his food. "Apparition. Nasty experience for beginners." Mr Weasley told him. "Come on boys!" Mrs Weasley called, and they followed the adults through the castle gates into the castle. "Ah, Molly." Headmaster Dumbledore greeted them with twinkling eyes. "To what do I owe the pleasure?" "Harry and Ron weren't able to get through the barrier, so we brought them here." she said. "Thank god they didn't try anything foolish like flying the car here." Harry gave Ron a hidden grin and Ron grinned back. "Well, I suppose you boys can stay for lunch and get yourselves settled in the common room." he told them. Harry and Ron got to eat lunch at the Heads Table with Mr and Mrs Weasley. It was a disconcerting experience to be looking out at the Great Hall from above instead of looking up at the teachers. He was glad that he didn't have to be next to Snape though. Ron was, and Snape glared at him the entire time. Harry had the good luck of being next to Dumbledore. "Headmaster." Harry asked. "Why is the Forbidden Forest forbidden?" "It used to be called the Darkling Woods Harry, but after an incident involving your father, three of his friends, a tea party, a group of centaurs, Giant Spiders, and the Whomping Willow, it was forbidden. Of course that never stopped them, but it did help." "My dad is the reason it's forbidden?" Harry asked with wide eyes. "Oh yes." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "He and his friends were called the Marauders, and were the worst pranksters to hit Hogwarts. They would give Mr and Mr Weasley a run for their money." "What was their worst prank?" Harry asked curiously. This was so cool! Maybe he could be like his dad and pull some pranks. "I wish not to go into details, but it involved snakes, colored hair, and the teachers in very revealing muggle swimwear." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. Harry spewed pumpkin juice from his mouth at the image of Dumbledore in a Speedo. "Come on." Harry laughed after lunch, as they trudged up to Gryffindor tower. "McGonagall told me the password. It's wattlebird." "We get first pick at beds mate!" Ron said with vigour. "I call the one near the window and away from the bathroom." Harry said immediately. Everyone knew that at night, being near the bathroom or Seamus would mean death by stench. Ron grinned as they entered the common room, and set up their beds. "Chess?" Ron asked him, and they set up to play chess. As they played, the conversation turned to the incident in the bookshop. "Can you believe Malfoy?" Ron asked as his knight took Harry's bishop. "Strutting in but a few words from his sister and he backs down. I bet she's just as bad as him." "She didn't seem too bad." Harry said quietly. Ron looked at him like he'd grown a second head. "She's a Malfoy Harry, and a Slytherin to boot! They're all bad!" Harry stayed quiet and didn't argue, but the feeling in his gut told him that Ron was wrong. Soon it was time to go to the Great Hall. The boys stayed in a corner and joined the crowd of students entering so nobody noticed them. "Where were you?" Hermione Granger, they're best friend, asked as soon as she found them. Harry gave a grin at seeing her again. "We got locked out of the platform so we were apparated here." Ron told her in a quiet voice. "Ate lunch with the teachers." "Really?" Hermione asked, her brown eyes sparkling in fascination. "What was it like?" "Amazing." Harry told her. "We were above the entire hall." "They've started the sorting!" Hermione moaned. "Oh, we missed the song!" "Forget that." Ron muttered. Harry payed attention to only a few students. Luna Lovegood was put in Ravenclaw. Colin Creevy and Ginny Weasley in Gryffindor. Astoria Greengrass in Slytherin. Then, at the end of the Sorting Dumbledore stood up. "Before we start our sumptuous feast, I have a last student to be sorted. She is a transfer students from Beauxbatons Academy for Magic. Please welcome Miss Lyra Malfoy!" The pretty blonde entered the hall and sat on the stool. Harry saw her scan the hall with her grey eyes before they were blocked out by the hat. After a few minutes it called "SLYTHERIN!" "Obviously." Ron muttered. "Where else would a Malfoy go?" Harry stayed silent as she shot him a small smile and took a seat next to her brother. He saw Malfoy give her a smile, not a smirk or a mean grin, but a genuine smile. It was an abnormal expression to see on Malfoy's face. "Let the feast, begin!" Dumbledore announced, and food piled up on the tables. The mystery that was Lyra Malfoy flew from Harry's mind as he attacked the food with nearly as much vigour as Ron, albeit with more manners. "Really, you boys eat like starved animals." Hermione rolled her eyes at them. "Now that our feasts are done, let us all remember that the Forbidden Forest is, as it's name implies, Forbidden." Harry gave a grin as he remembered his dad. "Now pip pip! Off to bed!" Harry went to bed and closed his hangings. As he lay in bed, he fell asleep to dreams of pranks, green lights, flying cars, giant spiders, and Malfoys.