up in?" "Yes, Mistress Malfoy." Said the elf as he apparated away for a short while. "I like it Cissy." Said Lucius as he smiled down at his new son looking forward to having another child to look after and love as he loved his little dragon. "It is also fitting considering this will be the boy's rebirth so to speak." Said Severus as he looked down at the child in front of him. "You would be his godfather of course, Sev." Said Lucius to his friend who nodded at him. "Well I suppose that I should call both the magical and muggle child services here to explain the situation along with the Potter's personal goblin Griphook." Said Amelia as Fudge merely nodded acquiescing to what was going to happen, regardless of his opinion. "What about the Dursley's? We have to do something for when Dumbledore goes to find Harry when he doesn't arrive at the school for his first year." Asked Fudge causing all four heads in the room to turn to him in shock as they had not thought of the that. "What if we have Ms. Zambini go over to the Dursley household and do a memory charm on them? She has a mastery of charms on par with Professor Flitwick and the late Lily Potter." Said Narcissia as she smiled at the thought of her old Hogwarts friend. "Also with Severus here being a master of mind arts it would be easy for him to help her plant memories into their heads of Harry dying while in their care and getting rid of the body. This would serve two purposes: first and foremost to keep Dumbledore from being able to manipulate our son and second to throw mud in the old man's face regarding how he treated a revered member of the wizarding world." "That would be a wonderful idea my love." Said Lucius "Well regardless of what you plan on doing I have done all I can for Har—Phoenix at this moment right now he needs sleep. I placed him in a magical coma that should last for a few days allowing hi body to heal. Sev I'll need you to spell a nutrient potion along with some pepper-up potion into his system so that he can gain the nutrients faster and heal some of the damage done to him. Unfortunately he will have some side effects from the malnutrition though the only major one will be his height, he will always be small for his age also he will have to go through some physical therapy for some time." Said Serenity Malfoy as she began packing up her medical supplies before inclining her head towards her older brother and saying. "Do tell me when he is up for some visitors so I may spoil my new nephew." She then went out of the room to floo home. "Well it could be a hell of a lot worse." Said Severus as he saw Dobby return with the large reptile habitat for his godson's familiar. Then Rosie appeared in the room soon after. "Little Master is asleep. Little Master Draco has asked me to take his large office and turn it into a room for the new Little Master. Little Master Draco cannot wait for new Little Master to get better so theys can play." Said Rosie as all five adults smiled knowing that Draco would look out for his new brother. "I think that is a wonderful idea, Dobby help Rosie to prepare Phoenix's new room place his reptile habitat in their for him." Said Lucius as both elves apparated away, while both Amelia and Cornelius nodded to each other knowing that this was the best place for the child. "Alright you have my support to adopt him and I'll do everything in my power to ensure that Dumbledore never gets his hands on Mr. Potter." Said Fudge knowing that he could lose a powerful ally in Dumbledore should his part in the deceit ever got out, but seeing how the family was reacting he knew in his heart that it was the right thing to do. "Alright then let's get started on the paperwork involved. Severus how long would it take for you to make the blood adoption potion and the ritual?" "About two months total; that should be enough time for Phoenix to begin fully healing from his condition and also get used to being in a healthy family environment along with getting used to his new name, which will have to be used during the ritual." Replied Severus as he walked out of the room to his own quarters given to him by the Malfoys to begin making a list of supplies and do some research. "We'll be back in the morning Lucius and Narcissia." Said Amelia as she and the minister headed to the parlor to floo back to the Ministry of Magic. Narcissia stayed by her new son as Lucius led his two colleagues towards the parlor, gently caressing his head as she watched him sleep, his familiar had slithered up and was now curled protectively on his human's chest. Lucius walked back in and looked at the sleeping child as he placed a hand on his wife's shoulder. "Do not worry my love, we will ensure our new son has everything he could ever want and that nothing like this will happen to him ever again." Said Lucius as he gazed down at his child. "I know love, I just wish that he had never been placed with those creatures. It's barbaric what they did to him. I am so glad that Draco seems to be taken with him, he will make a great big brother." She said as a house-elf named Tweak appeared with some tea and biscuits for her master and mistress. The two thanked the elf as they sat on either side of their new son's bed waiting for him to wake up and be healed.