he passed by. I raised my head to glare at him. He looked down at me with an amused grin, which only made me madder. I guess he must have seen it on my face, since that amused grin vanished for a couple of seconds before being instantly replaced by his usual uncaring demeanor. "Well, Grey , I see you didn't manage to find a cure for your dilemma," he said with a grin. Why is he calling me 'Grey'? I am a redhead. I have red hair… Oh right. My… hair. My grey hair. Right. Time for my secret chant. Weasley, Weasley, Weasley. I relaxed as I saw my hair change colour before my eyes, back to its Weasley red. "Okaaay, so you did manage to find a cure," Zabini said, looking quite unsure of himself. Ha! I managed to make Blaise Zabini look unsure of himself. "Go away, Zabini," I said, in a bored-sounding voice, as I turned back towards the table. He leaned down next to me. "Just let me tell you this, Weasley, you better come prepared to the patrols," he whispered in my ear. Xxx "All right, Weasley, Blaise, you'll be patrolling the third-floor corridor tonight," Malfoy informed me and Zabini as Hermione stood beside him, looking extremely annoyed. Probably because every time she tried to say something, Malfoy silenced her. He's so controlling. "Okay, Draco," Zabini said pointedly. Weird. "We got it." Malfoy nodded to Zabini and Hermione offered me a parting smile. Together, they walked off, arguing about something or the other. I looked at Zabini, "Let's just get this over with." I started to walk away. He hurried after me. "We're supposed to stay together, Red." "We are. In case you didn't notice," I rolled my eyes at him. We walked along in silence for a while. Even though I had planned to ignore him for the rest of the patrol, I quickly realized that unless I wanted to die of boredom, I would need to say something. "So," I broke the silence. Zabini looked at me in surprise, but quickly composed himself. "So," he repeated, looking at me expectantly. I didn't know what to do. Flustered, I turned my head away from him, annoyed that I was a redhead. Well, technically, I wasn't anymore, what with my hair changing colour every five seconds, and all. Damn Fred and George! I had to think of something to say, quickly. So, I said the first thing that came to my mind. "How are things going with Amelia?" Forget Fred and George, damn me! Why did I have to say that? I was horrified with myself. "Who?" Zabini looked confused for a second, but then recognition dawned on him. "Oh, her, there's nothing going on with her. She was available, and I needed a snog." He smirked. "But, how do you know about her?" "I just heard it somewhere along the grapevine," I said coolly and looked away. He smirked at me again. "Admit it, Red, you're stalking me." "I am not!" I practically shouted, getting flustered. I'm not so sure why. I mean, it's not as if though he was right. "If I'm not mistaken, you're jealous," he smiled at me. Yes, actually smiled. Instead of smirked. For the first time - and probably the last - Blaise Zabini smiled. Has the world stopped spinning? Nope. Just that my head has started to. I was terribly confused, because of two things. First, he had accused me – wrongly – of stalking him, and second, he had smiled at me. But, it seemed he was smirking again, at my shock at his words. We had, by this time, stopped walking. I took a step closer to him. "I am not jealous of her, or any other of your little girlfriends," I whispered, trying to give off the impression that I was dangerous. Like that's gonna happen. Although, even if I do say so myself, I can throw a pretty good Bat-Bogey Hex. So, yeah, don't mess with me. He stepped closer as well. "C'mon, Red, admit it, you want me." As he talked, he leaned to the side slightly so his lips were directly over my ear. I couldn't breathe. He was that close to me. I took a step back and he took one forward. I realized that my back was pressed against the wall. I f he took one more step, our bodies would be pressed together. Not such a bad thought, actually. I realized that I should probably hex him. I had my hand on my wand, when, suddenly, I heard footsteps coming down the corridor. I placed my hands on his chest, and pushed back as hard as I could. Which was not very hard, unfortunately. I've gotta work on that. Thankfully, Zabini heard them too, so he moved away from me. I turned toward the footsteps and saw a stray student coming our way. That was a bit odd, as most students would try to be less obvious when they were trying to get back to their dorms after hours. After I had scolded her and told her to get back to bed – with Zabini standing by and doing nothing – I remembered that she a love-struck expression on her face. She had probably been returning from a late-night rendezvous with her boyfriend. I had noticed, also that she hadn't really seemed to care much when I had taken twenty points away from her house. A lot like one of Zabini's little fan girls, I thought. An awkward silence had descended upon us after the odd Zabini-almost-pressing-his-body-up-against-mine incident. I found it a bit strange when I discovered him openly watching me with a grin on his face, no less after what had just happened. Then again, he was Blaise Zabini – just one of those people it's impossible to embarrass. "What?" I said. It came out sharper than I had intended. "Nothing," he said. "Nothing at all." "Whatever."