was painfully stiff and his right hand felt like it was in an itchy glove, or wrapped in string. There were lines of stiffness and itches stretched up to almost his elbow. He tried to roll his head over to get a look, but he just succeeded in making himself feel ill so gave up and licked his lips instead. "Where... where am I?" His voice was scratchy and dry. He knew he wasn't in the hospital wing, although wherever he was did have a similar aesthetic of cleanliness and the slight smell of healing potions. A boisterous but friendly sounding voice sounded from the way Harry wasn't looking. He whipped his head around but regretted it almost immediately as the sudden movement made a wave of nausea roll over him. "You're in St. Mungo's, my boy. Artefact Accidents ward. I tell you, there was some worry about whether you should be here or up on the fourth floor! Now that you're awake, let me give you a little check up. Drink this. And this. Whoops, not this. Drink this. Now lie still for a minute." The large body attached to the voice handed his four potions, snatching one back after a second. Harry felt his headache clear and his dry throat moisten and looked up. The man, now Harry was looking at him, started casting all sorts of spells on him and making non-committal or pleased noises at the various flashes of light, coloured puffs of smoke or strange noises that emitted from his wand. After one final spell which let out a white flash with the noise of a cannon blast and released some dark green smoke that curled lazily in the air while giggling like an exceptionally small house elf, the man put his wand away and smiled down at Harry's prone form. "Excellent, that all looks well within accepted boundaries, considering that this has never happened before! I'm sure you have some questions, so fire away, I have a few minutes." Harry looked around again, trying to get his brain in gear. His thoughts seemed very sluggish. "OK..." Harry took a deep breath and then got out "Where am I, why am I here, how long have I been here, who are you, why are you here, where are my glasses, why can I see you perfectly without my glasses and how did I get here?" in one long stream, before adding as an afterthought "And where is my wand?" The man grinned at him, reassuringly. "Well then, sport, I'll answer those in a slightly different order if you don't mind. "As I said, you're in St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, on the ground floor, Artefact Accidents, in the Gervaise Ward. I am your healer, or if you are more comfortable with the term, your doctor, healer Darrin. You've been here three days because of a rather unique magical backlash you were at the centre of. We really have no idea what caused it, or the effect it could be having on you right now! Your glasses are on the table, just here. As for why you can see without them, well magic is a strange and wonderful thing. It may be that you slowly start to need glasses again over the next week, it may be that you never need to pick up another pair!" In Harry's opinion, the 'healer' was far too excited for not actually having any idea what was happening. Harry took his glasses and experimentally put them on. He blinked, still able to see just fine. He took them off and could read the writing on the headboard of the bed opposite from him. He filled this away for later and put his glasses back down. The healer continued with a broad, excited smile that showed very white teeth. "We've contacted your school healer, and you should be back in her familiar care by the end of the day! I just hope that she'll accredit me in any research paper she publishes off of this, it would do worlds for my career!" The healer then stood and walked briskly from the room without a backwards glance, leaving Harry gaping at his back. "Hey, my wand! Where's my wand?" Harry flopped back onto his pillow and scratched his nose. He froze, staring at his right arm. From the tips of his fingerers down to his elbow stretched a network of silvery scar tissue. Each scar seemed to lie over a vein, and was smooth as he ran unbelieving fingers over them. They itched, gently, persistently. It was uncomfortable. Harry tried to clench his fist, but the scars stretched and cramped painfully, the itching jumping up a notch to tiny needles digging into him. He rolled his wrist, and felt the skin all down his arm being pulled by the network of inflexible tissue. He could feel his pulse under the pulled taut scars as the skin around them twitched. Harry stayed, staring at his scars, for what seemed like hours, until a familiar mediwitch arrived to cart him back through the floo to Hogwarts. - I - End notes So, here's something that bubbled from my head one night. Like all my stuff, I'll work on it when I feel like it, so chapters may take a long time to come out, or may (As highly unlikely as it may be) be out within a week. I will put a second chapter of this out, if for the very least to explain what happened, and where Harry's wand has gone. If you liked it, a review telling me what you liked is always appreciated. If you didn't, taking a moment to help me improve will be good for your everlasting soul. Had to remove the link to the reference image of the veins in an arm as it wouldn't display, And after a very, very long time, I've gone through this with some minor edits for ease of reading.