died of dragon pox rather recently. The fact that Remus's last parent is going to die the same, slow, painful death as his was hitting him rather harder than he'd expected it to. After a while of sitting there in silence, Remus said, "Er. . . I got the job. Just want you to know." "That's great, congratulations!" Lily said. "Well, did you perform the Gravida Charm yet?" Remus asked Lily. "What? How did you—" "Come on, you were throwing up and clearly had no other symptoms of illness. Now you've got that charmed bean bag on your forehead," Remus said. "Yes, we're have twins. Boy and girl," Lily said, unable to suppress a grin even after the saddening news they'd just received. "Congrats, guys! You're going to make great parents. . . I'd love to stay but I think I need to go visit my dad at St. Mungo's," Remus said while walking toward the door. "Alright. Tell him we'll try and stop by sometime soon," Lily called after him. After about an hour, Sirius popped into their living room out of thin air. "What's up?" Sirius said, spotting James in the kitchen while Lily was asleep on the couch. "You said you had great new." "Well Remus has given us bad new as well. Which do you want to hear first?" James said. "Good." "Lily's pregnant with a boy and a girl." "That's incredi—!" " Shhh! The mother-to-be is asleep! " James hissed at Sirius. "Sorry. That's incredible. Two little Prongses running around Hogwarts, carrying on the marauder name. So what are you going to do, give one the cloak and the other the map?" "Are you kidding? Lily would flay me alive if I even mentioned the idea." "You're probably right. But in this case, we'll be able to tack up each of their first angry letters on the wall. If they weren't caught, how'd we get that piece of nostalgia? Anyway, what's the bad news?" Two weeks later Remus came bearing the news that Lyall Lupin passed. There weren't many people at the funeral, but those who did come managed to say some very touching words about Remus's father. In a couple month's time, everyone would have managed to fully cope with Lyall's death. James walked in and sat next to Lily whose stomach had already grown a considerable amount. "So, shall we pick up where we left off?" "We are not naming our son William!" Lily snapped. "Why not? How is William not better than Ignotus?" "It's a perfectly lovely name, and that's the name of your ancestor! He's the one that made your cloak!" "So what? Good wizard. Stupid name." "It's not stupid!" "Of course it is! And knowing our luck, he's going to go around having everyone call him Iggy , There's no way you want to put our son through that." Lily looked defeated. "Yes, perhaps you're right. But we're still not naming him William." "Why?" "His nickname will most likely be Willy. I can see it now. Tear stained letter from our son saying kids are going around chanting ' Willy's willy is silly' or some shit like that." James snorted. "Okay, yeah. You're right too. But what are we going to do? Every name either one of us thinks is good gets shot down. We were so lucky that your family has that flower name tradition. All we had to do is walk outside and be like, 'Oh. Violet. Good enough!'" "If it weren't for that she'd probably be back from her seventh year at Hogwarts and we'd still be bickering about what we should have named her." "I still don't get why Moony shot down Lyall," James said. "Yeah, I know. The one name we can agree on and he has to go play that friendship card. But you can't blame him. We both shot down Peter and Severus for the same reasons he did," Lily pointed out. James didn't say anything. "James?" Lily said. "Harry." "What?" "What do you think of Harry?" "Where'd you come up with that?" "It just popped into my head. I can't find anything wrong with it." Lily looked deep in thought. "Yeah. Harry and Violet Potter." "The new marauders." "Now what are we going to do about middle names?" Lily asked. James sighed. Six Months Later "Quick! We need to get my wife to a bed, she's in labor!" James shouted as soon as they entered St. Mungo's. "Come this way!" A female healer pushed through the people that filled the reception room to guide them toward the staircase. Instead of going upstairs, the witch tapped her wand on the railing and the staircase slid sideways to allow them into a secret ward. There were several empty beds here and the healer helped Lily into the nearest one. Once she'd lied down she began screaming in pain. "She's having a contraction," James said needlessly. The healer was the expert, after all. The healer pulled out her wand and started waving it over Lily muttering very fast incantations. James felt a little nervous watching it but knew they were most likely spells meant to guide Lily through the birthing process safely. Lily stopped screaming when the healer stopped muttering incantations. "I've regulated your blood flow so that once you're fully dilated, you'll be much safer. I've also given you a calming charm to help ease the tension and done the best I can to minimize the pain for you. "That's the best I can do for you now. I'll be back soon." Two hours passed and the healer came back to cast more spells on Lily. "You're halfway there. I've sped up the process a little bit. You should be ready to give birth to the first one in thirty minutes. Harry was born exactly thirty minutes before Violet was. Lily took one look at her two children in James's arms before her eyes slid shut and her head fell back on her pillow.