watch her, while she sat in her kitchen, looking out of the window, knowing he was there. It took almost six months for him to leave the thick bushes and let himself be seen by her. Even then, he just sat close to the first trees of the forest and did not move. When she had seen him, she was startled, but made no move to call for anyone. She just watched him. Months flew by, Fenrir did not change back unless he absolutely had to. He was one with his inner wolf, and more grateful for it than ever. Gradually, he came closer to her house during the full moons. She did not seem to mind. Three years after the battle someone tried to break into her house and curse her. Fenrir thought he recognised the man, that was when he became alarmed. When the man tried to break down her door, he intervened. He ripped the assailant to pieces, they could not even identify him afterwards. During the next full moon Hermione was outside for the first time. They just sat across from each other on the grass, staring at each other. At some point she went to bed and he stayed to watch out for her. It took another year for him to dare to sit next to her. The first time, she did not move. The second time, she was about to leave him and go to bed before she thought better of it and put her hand carefully onto his head. Just once, then she left. He did not show the next full moon, and she was sure she had overstepped an unspoken line. Meanwhile he hid in the bushes where he used to hide, blood coating his fur. A muggle huntsman had spotted him and thought him fair game. It was Fenrir's first encounter with a gun. When the pain became worse during the next day and he was sure he would not be around much longer he made his way to her backdoor, scratching it pathetically. She was not home and he passed out. When he awoke next, everything felt warm. He was comfortable. It was not a feeling he was accustomed to anymore. When he lifted his head and slowly peeled his eyes open he realised that he was in a house. Going by the smell, it was hers. He also realised when looking around that he was lying on her couch. In his human form. "I fixed you up as much as I could, but I needed to check that you were not further injured, so I had to force your change. I am sorry." Her voice was faint. He did not say anything, just turned his head so he could look at her. She had matured, the young girl who had saved him once was barely recognisable. "Thank you," he rasped. He had not used his voice in a long time. "You are welcome," she answered, her lips shifting into the smallest smile. After that, he simply stayed. She never asked him to leave, he never made an indication that he would. She never had visitors over, he never went further than into the forest behind her home. They did not talk much, both preferring quiet companionship. Sometimes he thought back to the time when he had wanted to rip her to pieces and sometimes she thought back to the time when she was about to alert the aurors and see him rotting in Azkaban. They never spoke about it. It took another year of him living in her home for him to kiss her. He was not a gentle man, never had been and never would be. So when she threw a fit about the ministry, some dunderheads that annoyed her when she was at work and her friend Ronald, who were making her day miserable, he thought he knew a solution to that. In the middle of her monologue he grabbed her head between his massive hands and kissed her hard. When he pulled away she stared at him, not moving. While he continued to move around the kitchen, she just stared at the wall, hands still up where she had placed them on his chest and eyes wide. It took her a few moments to realise that this really had happened. Then she spun around, grabbed him by the neck and kissed him as well. He towered over her, pressed her to the wall, her fingers digging into his neck and his sharp teeth biting down on her lower lip. In this simple moment, she did not care what he had done previously in his life. If she was honest, she had not cared about these things in a very long time. Neither did he care anymore. He had changed, he could not exactly explain when it had happened, but it had. He was not a good man, never had been, but if the price for being allowed close to this girl, his girl, was to behave as though he was, he would do whatever he could. On the other hand she had never been a bad person. But if being close to him would mean harboring a wanted war criminal, she would learn to be bad. No one ever came to know though. They lived in her cottage, peacefully undisturbed. She went to work, he went hunting - just deer and rabbit, no humans of course - and they spent the evenings mostly in silence. They were both content with their strange lives and would not change a thing. So they lived happily until the wolf's fur was grey and the girl's face was covered in wrinkles. One day they were found, the strange old lady that did not like visitors and her pet wolf, that had often been seen playing in the garden. She was lying in on her living room floor and he was curled around her, both cold and stiff but ultimately peaceful.