long," Marcus nodded approvingly. "It was actually Hermione's idea. Everyone may be calling me the hero, but me and Ron wouldn't have lasted five minutes without her," Harry chuckled. "There was never any doubt when you didn't show up for months who was keeping you hidden," Draco snorted. "My, Draco was that a compliment? While insulting me and Ron I think," Harry grinned. Draco looked at him quickly looking slightly worried but rolled his eyes when he saw the amusement. "What, I got extreme vindictive pleasure knowing that he was being thwarted at every move by an 18 year old muggleborn witch," Draco grinned viciously. The family all tensed slightly only to relax when Harry burst out into laughter. "Oh, I'll have to tell Hermione and Ron that one, it never occurred to us that way," Harry said through his laughter. "How are your friends?" Samuel asked. "There has not been much about them in the papers," "Oh they're in Australia at the minute tracking down Hermione's parents," Harry said lightly. "Tracking them?" Narcissa asked curiously. "Oh, Hermione wiped their memories to forget about her and their names before making them believe that they were moving to Australia, where she had arranged a house and practice for them. However she didn't include a memory for them not to like to travel and they decided to have a wander across Australia before settling. Her and Ron are on their trail," Harry chuckled. "Very inventive, I would very much like to meet this Hermione," Marcus said, amusement dancing in his eyes. There was silence for a few moments while everyone took some food or drink. "Can I ask how far along you are?" Harry asked Julia who was sitting next to Mikhail, the bump of her stomach clear now it wasn't hidden by the table. She fairly beamed happily at him as she nodded. "I'm five and half months now, a little girl," She grinned. "The first Malfoy girl in nearly five generations," Lucius added with a smile. "I'm sure she is going to be spoilt to death then," Harry smiled at June. "Congratulations, to both of you," "Thank you. We believe that the Weasley's will be expecting their first member of the next generation, and that your father's friend, Lupin, had a blessing of his own," Mikhail commented. "Oh yes, Fleur is due in a month, Remus and Tonks had a baby boy two weeks before the battle. Teddy. They asked me to be godfather," Harry knew that he grinned goofily every time he said or thought it but he had fallen in love with Teddy upon site. "I don't think they have to worry about babysitting, ever," Leander chuckled seeing the grin. "Remus joked they were going to have to search me before I left the house," Harry admitted sheepishly. "May…may I ask how Andromeda is doing?" Narcissa asked hesitantly sobering Harry up instantly. "She is…she is…coping. Her husband died earlier in the year, but with everything that has happened I don't think she really had time to accept it, and she was distracted with Tonks' pregnancy. But its hit now, she is struggling but it helps to have Remus, Tonks and Teddy in the house I think. She'll be alright," Harry answered honestly. "I did not know about her husband…I realise that this is an awkward question to ask you, but I would rather you were honest rather than try and spare my feelings, though I do not deserve that. Do you think she would talk with me?" Narcissa asked. Harry sat thoughtfully for a moment before speaking slowly. "I think it would be a long process, but if you write to her I believe she will respond, it may be a while of writing first before actually meeting each other again, Andromeda has practically wiped any Black family from her mind," Harry felt bad at Narcissa's wince but she nodded understandingly. "Thank you," She said softly. "The best way into her good books would be to send a present for Teddy with your letter, she has an incredible soft spot for him," Harry said cursing his easy heart. "I'm sorry but I will need to be going soon," Harry sighed as he looked at the clock. "Of course, what is it we can do for you Mr…Harry," Lucius corrected at the look he got. "It's actually about Headmaster Snape, I am partitioning for him to have his portrait made and hung in the Headmaster's office. I was hoping I could add your name to the list," Harry said quietly. The Malfoy's all stared at him slightly stunned. "May I ask why you are doing that for him. Yours and Severus's relationship is no great secret," Lucius asked. "He saved my life more times than I can count or probably know about, all the time he worked so hard for the light side at his own risk, going so far as to kill his mentor for it, he was a great man and he deserves to be respected," Harry said firmly. "We will all sign," Marcus said firmly. Harry smiled weakly but thankfully and pulled out the form he had with him. One by one all twelve Malfoy's signed their name. "There are a lot of light names on there already," Gregory commented. "They all owe him their lives," Harry huffed. "I have a feeling you can be very persuasive when you want to be," Gregory smirked, somehow it was unlike the usual Malfoy smirk, Gregory's made his heart speed up. Feeling his face heating up as well he stood as he tucked the parchment away safely. "When I want to be yes. Thank you very much for breakfast, it was lovely to meet you all," Harry smiled. There was a chorus of various replies, Marcus telling him to come back any time and to bring Hermione sometime, before he was able to leave. A pair of sea blue eyes locked on his back and stuck in his mind.