you wait until the end to speak or ask any questions, understood?" All four nodded so he continued. "Werewolves are pack animals, to survive they have to make a pack, in order to do this they have to have members of the pack. Now for Remus that pack was James, Sirius, Hermione and Peter." The four teens nodded in understanding. "When Peter betrayed the pack by hurting a member he was ostracised, now the Alpha… which is Remus, has to have a mate in order to survive. It could take years for this to occur, Remus would have no choice in the choosing of this mate, it would be totally up to the wolf." Remus tried to speak up at this point but Albus held his hand in front of him to silence the teen. "When the wolf picks his mate, no other will compare, he will protect her no matter what, even if it means him dying in the process. The wolf and mate are a very complicated thing, it seems the wolf, however, agrees with Remus that Hermione is a good match." Hermione smiled at Remus shyly, what did he see in her? "Now I don't know much more about werewolves and their mates, I will have to do further research on this, but what you must understand is the wolf has chosen. He may well have decided a long time ago or today, but what this means is he is going to be very protective over Hermione and only those he considers his pack will be able to be near her in times of danger, he also entrusts the pack to protect her when he is unable." James was shocked to say the least, they were a pack, that would explain why Remus didn't attack them during the full moon. "The most important part of Hermione being the wolf's mate is that even when he is in wolf form, Hermione will be able to approach him, without any danger, no matter if she's human or animal, she will come to no harm at the full moon." He paused and got up and went to the bookshelves and pulled a thick tome out and nodded. "I came across this book that covers everything that there is to know about werewolves and the many facets of their being, when I came across a chapter on mates." Remus sat forward in his chair, his interest in getting his hands on that book was now peaked. "It is believed that a werewolf will not find their mate until they are eighteen, however there are some cases, very rare cases, that a werewolf finds their mate before this age, this is known as a platinum mating." All four of the teens mouths dropped open in shock, a platinum mating? What would this mean for the pair? "It means that, when the wolf is ready to take their place as alpha, nothing will stand in his way when leading his pack. A young mating like we have here, this bond will be stronger, it will hold more power, no one will be able to break the bond that these two have." Remus thought to himself that Dumbledore had an uncanny ability to answer questions that hadn't been asked. "There's also one point I have neglected to explain, the pack as a whole, there is the Alpha, which is Remus, there is the Beta which is essentially the Alpha's right hand man, then you have the Zerox, which is the right hand man to the Beta, and the last but one of the most important parts of the pack, is called the Luna. This is the Alpha's mate and she essentially has rule over any decisions." Hermione was starting to get overwhelmed, all of this information to process, she couldn't process it this quick. Dumbledore seemed to the notice and frowned, then Remus turned to her and grabbed hold of her hand in a gesture of comfort and she seemed to relax. "The Alpha will not make a decision regarding the pack and it's inner workings, without her say so, the Beta and Zerox do not compare." Dumbledore however, decided to finish up, he knew that all of this information would be a big stress on four teens. "Now the last thing I will share with you tonight is, that no matter where the wolf's mate is he will be able to sense her, smell her and feel what she is feeling. If she is in danger, he will know and he will find her, to protect her." He looked around at the four teenagers in front of him and saw a look pass between them, they had experienced this last part with Peter Pettigrew; they didn't understand it at the time, but this was why Remus had found her, he felt her upset and immediately sought her out; to comfort. Albus dismissed them and watched as Remus held his hand out, assisted Hermione to stand, and put an arm protectively around her body. Little did they know that Sirius and James had fallen into protective positions, it was almost an instinct, like they would if they were wolves as well. They exited the office and Remus quickly diverted the way Hermione and he were going. When James and Sirius went to follow, he shook his head. He knew that Hermione and him would need to talk and come to terms with the knowledge that was thrust upon them. Remus was happy with his wolf for once. He was glad the wolf had picked Hermione so they could live out their lives together and maybe one day have a pack of their own. Hermione seemed to be taking it better than he thought she would as there were no hysterics, she almost looked content. He knew that there would be danger and speculation for them in the future, but he was prepared, and he had his two brothers to help protect his mate. Fin.