seven o'clock - the time he'd asked Alice Longbottom to arrive at. He had yet another task in informing another mother of their child's possible future - or lack thereof. And if strong, brave Lily Potter had begun falling apart just as she left his presence, there was no saying how valiant, sweet little Alice might fare. It is going to be harder to break Alice's heart than Lily's, he thought despondently, watching somberly as the clock chimed seven o'clock and the Floo activated, and Alice's pregnant form began to spin through the flames. At least Lily has had experience with emotional turmoil, as her time with Severus has well enough prepared her for. Poor Alice has yet to have her rose tinted glasses shattered by the heartache of losing someone nearest and dearest to her heart. She is but a young woman deeply entrenched in her love for her husband and growing child, even in the midst of such an atrocious war, it is not enough to cause her heartache. Well, after tonight, I will have remedied that. "Albus? What is all this about?" Alice queried uncertainly, brushing herself of the soot in his fireplace, even as she toddled her way towards his great desk. His dreadfully vague letter was hanging from her loosely curled fingertips. "I just got your letter, and it said you needed to speak with me urgently. Is everything alright? Did - did you need me for a mission for the Order?" She asked timidly, showing a great reluctance in risking herself, now that she'd finally resigned herself to being pregnant with her first child. It was a surprise when thoughtful, passionate Alice had acted so brashly in the face of action with Death Eaters - fighting them head on despite her pregnant state. It hadn't sunk in that she'd be carrying another life within her, that she held a serious responsibility to her child until he himself had moved her to the safe wing of the war. At face value, she believed him to be protecting her and her growing family. But as soon as he peels back the surface, it'll be clear to her wearied eyes that all wasn't good and pure of heart in war. Dumbledore sighed wearily, and, realizing his lemon drops had already dissolved, popped another two into his mouth and sucked soothingly on them. Alice watched him fuss about with nothing and everything on his desk with questioning eyes, an eyebrow raised uncertainly. "Please, sit down, Alice. We have much to discuss," he said quietly, waving at the seat Lily had sat in well over two hours ago. A seat I will never stop seeing them in, even well into the future when the war is done and Voldemort defeated. Their tears will be enough to cement the melancholy into the fabric and wood, and will provide me no escape from my horrific mistakes. "The portraits have been charmed," Alice observed, as if talking about the weather, looking around at the frozen portraits lining the walls as she carefully lowered herself into the squashy chair. Sir Phineas Nigellus did not look the slightest bit happy, having seemed to have spotted what Dumbledore had been doing at the very start, and had his mouth open in an angry snarl that made even Dumbledore want to cringe. Although, rarely did he have a smile on his painted face anyway. The Blacks rarely ever did, even when alive. "For your protection, I assure you," Dumbledore murmured, and steeled himself not to quail under Alice's suddenly sharp stare. "There are spies in Hogwarts?" Alice asked tersely, eyes hardening into that warrior glaze that Dumbledore always praised her for. It was the eyes of a soldier, a strategist in the field and one not unused to the sight of atrocities. It was the eyes of a mother bear gearing up to protect her cub. Dumbledore regarded her sagely, straightening his spine as he rolled the lemon drops over his tongue. A burst of the sour flavor warmed him immeasurably, and soothed his humming magic like the soft caress of a lover. Sweets often did that for the old wizard. "It is a possibility, although not one I find very likely. Given that the Dark Lord has called all of his servants to his side, even the Marked students here. He has grown in arrogance, enough to believe that he no longer needs spies in order to peak into our ranks," he said, not at all bitterly. It was an advantage, after all. And it made him feel better at over estimating his own reputation and presence. Alice shut her eyes and sucked in a deep breath, which seemed to actually have an effect in calming her temper. She opened her eyes after a moment and looked at him, a steel wall within her gaze. "What is it that you wanted to speak to me about?" She asked. Dumbledore took his own little breath, a little curious to see if breathing as deeply actually calmed one, or not. He wasn't surprised when it did; Alice was known for such quick fixes - her home-made herbal tea was one of the best teas he'd ever had the pleasure of tasting, especially when he'd have long, heated discussions with Minister Bagnold concerning the Dark Lord's recent massacres and plans. He sighed - and then sighed again when he realized he was sighing far too much in one day. And it had yet to end. The troubles of every leader when they are needed. No rest for days and reluctant of any privacy, a hand always knocking at his door for an ear to dribble into. "Albus?" Alice implored, eyebrows furrowing with heavy concern. "Would you like a lemon drop?" Dumbledore asked her, and then smiled wryly. "I find that Sherbet lemon helps to keep my fraying nerves calm in the midst of such troubling times . . ." It was going to be a long night, indeed.