sleep. It was a little childish, but preferable to engaging the insufferable know-it-all in conversation this late in the day, and out of lesson time. Hermione Granger had returned for the first term of the school year, along with many of her cohort, to finish and sit the NEWT exams they had missed during their final year, due to the war and their prominent roles in it. All of them had been offered complimentary NEWTs which many, lazier students such as Potter and Weasley had accepted, but a large contingent had opted to return to the rebuilt Hogwarts and sit the exams properly. Since the school numbers were down due to the many young lives lost in the war, there was space to house these extra students. The NEWTs had been now been taken the previous week, and this last week of term those older students were moving back home. His natural keen sense of hearing (one of his many bat-like qualities) meant he heard Granger tread lightly across the room towards him. He sensed her stand in front of his desk for a short while, she did not speak, perhaps out of fear of disturbing him, but she was definitely looking at him. He remained still. He heard papers move on his desk, and the scratching of a quill. Was she leaving him a note? He decided not to ask, but to continue his pretence of being asleep. Reading her note was liable to be much easier than have to talk to the annoying girl. He could still hear the continued scratching of the quill, and also sensed some regular light bursts of magic waft across him with her signature attached to them. Merlin, was she writing him a bloody essay? However, he could not 'wake' now without appearing ridiculous. At length, the writing stopped. Surely she must leave now? But no. He felt her move around to his side of the desk, and step extremely close to him. She was standing next to him, he presumed just watching him sleep. He could hear the soft inhale and exhale of her light breaths. All of a sudden, he felt a feather light touch between his eyebrows, where he had a deep furrow, a gentle pressure there, and she was rubbing softly, as if trying to ease the crease from his skin. At his lack of response or protest, she added another finger, and then another, massaging his tense brow, moving up until her fingers were gently soothing in small circles and pressing upon his stressed, lined forehead. "Professor Snape." She whispered as she ministered, as if she knew he was awake but did not want him to open his eyes or move, "Professor I am leaving this evening. I have visited all my professors to give my thanks before I leave Hogwarts for good, and you are no different." She paused. "Actually, that is not entirely true. You are different. I have never felt so utterly protected by someone as I have by you, Professor. You threw yourself before every danger for us, and we never realised, we never knew." She moved even closer, added her other small, cool hand to his forehead, and slid her fingers up to rake through his long hair, pushing the black strands away from his face. It felt utterly divine. When had he ever been touched with such tenderness? He had no idea why he was permitting this chit of a student to take such liberties with his person, but at that moment he was struggling to care. All he wanted was for her to continue, and he was damn sure she wouldn't if he was 'awake'. As she pushed his hair back in rhythmic strokes, her full breasts brushed against his face, she couldn't have any idea what she was doing to him, could she? He thanked the gods for his voluminous robes wrapped around him, concealing the slight straining at the front of his trousers. "I am sorry that we did not give you the respect you deserved, and I thank you for every sacrifice you have made." Her fingers continued to rub with hypnotising pressure on his forehead and scalp. "I can see you are tired, Professor Snape. I can only hope that one day you find the courage to live the life you desire, rather than what you feel is expected of you." She slid her hands slowly, and almost reluctantly, from his face, before leaning down and placing her lips close to his ear. "Be happy, Sir." He heard her walk back across the room, and the heavy clunk of the door as it closed behind her. He waited a few more seconds before he risked opening his eyes. She had gone. What the buggering fuck had that all been about? Why had she touched him in that manner, and more importantly, why had he allowed it? He reached under his robes to cup his trousered erection, which was hard and interested, and exhaled at the ridiculousness of his own appendage. As if a shag with a student was ever on the cards , he castigated himself, and his inappropriate bodily response. He sighed deeply, and pulled the essay parchments towards him again. To his surprise they were all marked, clearly and concisely in his favoured red ink. Flicking through them, she had even matched his handwriting and sarcastic style of commentary. That must have been the little bursts of magic he had felt. He chuckled in spite of himself. Granger, though he would never tell her, was already an outstanding witch; subtle and talented with the brightest future ahead of her. She'd done all his tedious marking for him, and done it perfectly, in a fraction of the time, using a spell he wished he knew. She had relaxed and quieted his mind with just her fingertips. Oh, and not forgetting; she had also just given him a top-class erection and walked out of his life forever.