who was looking more and more bemused. Suddenly Niniel raced across the floor and grabbed Fenrir's hand tugging him down so she could whisper in his ear. "Werewolf?" Fenrir tried. "Oh, we'll have to let him in!" Harry sighed. "Come see it! We made it ourselves," Niniel dragged the Alpha over. Harry had to cover his mouth at the sight of the larger man kneeling on the floor peering into the fort. "Its very good," He nodded. "Harry taught us how to make one!" Marie said excitedly from inside. "It looks cosy, why don't you put a few more pillows inside?" Fenrir suggested transfiguring a few more pillows before stepping back and moving back to Harry. "Are you sure you are ok?" "I'm fine, it is good having something to distract me to be honest," Harry shrugged from where he was sitting on the floor propped against the sofa. Fenrir frowned a little as he pressed his hand to Harry's forehead, taking and blanket and wrapping it around him. "Stop fussing, I am fine," He laughed. "Mm, 20 more minutes brats and then time for supper!" Fenrir called. "Aww!" The whine went around them all, even Patch looking fairly mulish at the thought of having to leave Harry. "Can you read us a little more before we go please Harry?" Niniel pleaded holding out the book. "Of course I can, everyone get comfy!" Harry clapped his hands. Fenrir watched with small awe as the five most unruly pups in his pack did as they were told, piling into the fort and making themselves comfy so they could see Harry. Honestly only the most Alpha werewolves could make this lot behave. He sat and listened as Harry read to them, his tone gentle and interesting as he read, his voice changing for the different parts. He even found himself enraptured in the story telling, listening and losing track of time, at least until Harry finished a chapter and closed the book with a grin. "I believe you got half an hour, time for supper guys," "What?" Fenrir blinked at the clock. "No complaining, you got longer!" He scolded when the expected whines started. "You can come back tomorrow and I will read more for you, but for now I am afraid I need to rest," Harry smiled shaking his head. "Are you ok Harry?" Theo frowned cupping Harry's face. "I am fine, just a little tired, I have not had so much good company in a long time, besides your Alpha, but he is a little less energetic," Fenrir found himself smirking at Harry for those words, and the younger man started spluttering while the kids looked between them confused. "Come on move it!" Fenrir ordered. "See you tomorrow Harry!" "Bye Harry!" "Thank you Harry!" "See you Harry!" Harry waved the kids out the room with a smile, watching fondly as they tripper over each other. Then he dropped his head back onto the sofa, he was a little more tired than he had realised, he wasn't used to so much company for such a long time. He started when a hand reached out and gently brushed over his forehead making him open his eyes. Fenrir's golden eyes were concerned s he looked down at Harry before he leant down and scooped Harry off of the floor. "Hey!" Harry protested. "I can walk now you know!" "You over did it Little One, you should have said something," Fenrir scolded placing Harry on the sofa gently. "I enjoyed spending time with them, it was worth it," Harry shrugged. "You liked them then?" Fenrir asked nonchalantly. "Yes I liked spending time with your cubs, and yes seeing them and getting to know them does make it even more tempting to stay," Harry rolled his eyes. "You aren't very subtle you know," "I am not trying to be subtle. I want you to stay," Fenrir shrugged as he sat down beside where Harry was lying on the sofa. Looking up with calm green eyes Harry searched the other man's face. "What about Voldemort, I am more trouble than use," Harry shook his head. "That's my problem and not yours Little One, I have made my decision and I will sort it out, if you wish to stay you have a place here," Fenrir shook his head. "You want me to stay?" Harry asked softly, unsurely, doubt in his green eyes. And that was enough for Fenrir to make a choice, the other had called to him since the moment he had set eyes on him, his scent had drew him in. There were no such things as destined mates or anything like that which literature, particularly muggle, liked to romanticise, but the wolf did allow them to scent those that were compatible with them, those that were right for them. It didn't always work out, but Harry was perfect for him he knew, his personality and demeanor, the time that they had spent together had told him that. Slowly, giving Harry time to change his mind he cupped the other man's cheek, leaning down to press their lips together. Harry gasped at the spark that passed between them, and the Alpha could not resist pressing just a little deeper. "Let me look after you Little One," Fenrir asked softly, brushing his fingers over Harry's cheeks. Harry stared up into golden eyes as his mind spun with everything that he was being offered, everything that he could have here, everything that he would be giving up staying. And did he place his trust in someone else again when he had been let down so often? Could he really trust Fenrir. The man had done nothing to show Harry couldn't trust him, but he had seen that change so often, could he really risk his heart, the one thing that he had left to himself? Would this man truly treasure it, or would he break it. Golden eyes were patiently watching him, waiting for his decision.