a little. Narcissa grimaced slightly and held out her hanky, but there was an amused look there as well, not harsh as it had been when she disliked Harry's manners at the start of this mess. "It will take time and work for both of you. But never doubt that you belong here Harry. This will always be your home," Narcissa said firmly. "Is it ok if I go back to my room?" Harry asked. "Yes of course, is everything ok?" She asked concerned. "Yes, it's just, it's all a little much, and I have a bit of a headache," "Ok, off you go," She helped him to his feet and took him to the bottom of the stairs before letting him trudge up them. His head was swirling and he wasn't really sure what to think anymore. They wanted him here, they wanted him, but they were as unsure in this as he was. It was such a mess, everything was. He didn't know how to speak to them, or act around them, and they were apparently in the same boat. Draco was angry and clearly didn't want him here. Such a mess. Despite the time he pulled on his pyjamas and climbed into bed, feeling the impending niggle of a bad headache, and he tried to make himself comfortable, pressing his face hard into the pillow to try and relieve some of the pressure building in his head. He startled slightly when there was a knock on the bedroom door before it opened. Lucius paused halfway in looking a little lost. "Is it ok if I come in?" He asked uncertainly. Harry blinked at him confused, before realising that he did not want to just walk into Harry's room and intrude the way he had that first morning. "Yes, of course," Harry nodded. "Thank you, your mother said you had a headache," Lucius said as he swept into the room, a tray hovering in behind him as he made his way quickly to Harry's bed. He perched gracefully on the side and caught the tray before setting it beside Harry on the bed. "Here, this is a headache reliever, it should take away the headache in an hour, there is also some tea, soup, sandwiches, biscuits, and a little bit of chocolate for after you have finished at least the soup or half a sandwich. We weren't sure what fillings you liked, so there is a choice of a few," "A few," Harry blinked down at the plate. there must have been seven or eight different fillings there. "These are things we are going to look forward to learning," Lucius smiled, honestly smiled as he reached out slowly, giving Harry time to pull away, before he tenderly brushed his fringe from his eyes. He caught Harry's wince however and pressed his hand to his forehead gently. "You are a little warm," "It's my headache, they make me feel a little washed out and hot," Harry explained. "That's not good, you need to take this now," Lucius held out the headache reliever, but Harry was just staring at him completely bemused by the concern he was being shown. He didn't really know what to do with it. "Harry?" "Sorry, I don't..." "You don't?" Lucius urged when Harry blushed and looked away. "No one normally bothers when I have a headache, or when I'm ill really," He shrugged still not looking at Lucius. "No one? What about the family you were sent to..." "Thank you," Harry interrupted quickly taking the vial and knocking it back. Lucius was looking at him piercingly, but he held out the tea silently for Harry to clear the taste of the potion when he pulled a face. "We want to be here for you, if you will let us," It was in Harry's mind to ask Lucius what he planned on doing with him in concern to Voldemort, what was going to happen with the man who wanted him dead, who the Malfoys worked for. He wanted to know exactly what they wanted from him. But he felt that the accusation would not be taken well at all, that it could cause more damage to an already shaky and difficult situation. "I'm sorry, we have gone from one extreme to the other, it must be very confusing for you. It will not be helping your headache. Rest, try and eat something before you go to sleep. Definitely when you wake up. If you want company, send one of the elves to come and get us," Lucius stood. He hesitated for a second and then he leant down and pressed his hand to Harry's forehead gently. He looked at Harry with something in his eyes that warmed the teen and made him uncomfortable at the same time. "Sleep well Harry," Lucius nodded before turning and leaving the room. Harry made himself comfortable again on the ridiculously comfortable bed, and reached out for what looked like a chicken sandwich. A quick spell told him that there was an anti-spill spell on the tray, so he nudged it a little further away and snuggled deeper into the covers. For the first time since he had been brought here this room felt a little less like a prison, a little more like what could possibly be his home. They had a lot of work on, and he had no idea if Draco would ever accept that they were brothers. Twins. He wasn't sure that he would ever be able to accept that himself. But there was...potential here. His body tingled from where Narcissa had hugged him tightly. His forehead warmed where Lucius had touched him. Tender touches that he had never know, tenderness and concern, and family. The way they had told him about the baby that they had lost, the love and mourning that they had done. For him. He had been wanted, so so so wanted and loved, and that was worth taking the chance on this.