okay mate, I'll watch out for her. You have nothing to worry about," Sirius said, slapping a hand on his shoulder as they made to leave. "Thanks, Sirius. I don't have a good feeling about this, and would rather know she was safe over being out here with us," he replied. "It'll be fine. See you on the other side!" Sirius said before grabbing Luna's arm and apparating out. Remus followed suit by apparating and once Peter had joined him they started toward their target "You okay, Pete? You seem a bit nervous," he asked the shorter boy. "It's this raid, it's making me antsy," he replied and Remus nodded, fully understanding how his friend was feeling. Remus couldn't shake the feeling that something terrible was going to happen, or that the something terrible was going to be surrounding Luna. "Let's get through this and then we can relax a bit," Remus said. They continued on, about to reach the main street of where they were all converging on when Peter started coughing loudly. Remus tried to get him to be quiet, but it was too late. They had been compromised, and the Death Eaters started firing spells in their direction. During the commotion, he saw Sirius go down and two burly men in masks grab Luna. His eyes flashed, as an inhuman growl erupted from him. He darted after them, but by the time he reached where they had been, they had apparated out. Remus fell to his knees in despair, his hands pulling at his hair in defeat. He had let the most important person in his life down. He should have listened to his wolf and forced her to stay away. It knew that something was going to happen to their mate and had tried to warn him, but he had failed. A wave of pure unadulterated, anger washed over him and he stood up, returning to the battle, flinging curses at Death Eaters and showing no mercy. All of his comrades that were still standing stopped and stared at him in action. They gazed around with wide eyes to see what had set him off, noticing that Luna was nowhere in sight. Instantly they were back in the fray, helping him defeat everyone so they could get back and find her. September 12, 1977 Remus frantically looked everywhere for her, and still hadn't seen or heard anything. It's been over a month since they started their search, and still nothing. When they had went on that raid, he had a feeling that something bad was going to happen but ignored it for the good of the mission. Now she was missing: his golden haired light had been taken from him, and he couldn't do a thing about it. Except search. The others had given up weeks ago, there was no sign of her anywhere. Remus, more determined than ever, couldn't give up hope. He needed her in his life. She had given him faith that he could be a good person. His mind raced back over the past months with her, remembering their first date, and her being her usual whimsical self. He laughed at his memory where she talked about something called a Nargle being responsible for some of his items being missing. He had known even then she was the person who had taken his sweater and his shirt. It was confirmed the night she had that nightmare, and Lily removing the ward on their dormitory so he could enter and help her. There she was, all tangled up in her bedding wearing his favourite shirt and he didn't mind one bit. She had once said that his scent comforted her when she was feeling lost and scared. He had been allowed to stay with her for the rest of the night and had never wanted to sleep without her by his side again. He hadn't slept a full night since. He couldn't let her be gone. He needed her as she needed him. Calling it a night, he made to leave when a blinding blue light flashed above him, a piece of parchment fluttering down to the ground at his feet. His hands shook as he opened it, reading the contents of the letter that seemed to be addressed to him. "Remus, I hope that this letter finds you in time. I have enclosed the coordinates and the people responsible of your moonlight's whereabouts.,Last time she was taken, there was no warning. This is your one chance to save her. By now she will have only been locked away, if you wait they will start to torture her for information. Be quick, Signed, Your saving grace" Beneath the signature lay the names of both a location and three men. He quickly apparated to James', knowing that Sirius would also be there. If he was lucky, maybe Dumbledore would be too. He landed in the living room with a pop! and stumbled forward. His friends stared at him for a moment at his sudden appearance. "I know where Luna is." Jumping into action, they began making a plan. Within an hour, the final details were made and they apparated to the letter's coordinates. They found themselves standing outside a house, ready to race in. The three friends exchanged looks. Sirius said he would go around back, James to the side and Remus through the front. They weren't taking any chances with Luna, she was too precious and too naive to deal with this kind of shit. Remus only had the one thing on his mind: getting his mate out. The others were here for that reason as well; however, they were also there to gather intel on the Death Eaters, Dumbledore's orders. As soon as they rescued Luna, he was going to ensure she was safe, then planned on making their mate bond official. He couldn't go through the stress of not being able to find her again. The end... or is it xx