he passed. Hermione, however, just simply addressed him saying, "Malfoy." She waited for his inevitable snarky response. "Granger," he said without skipping a beat or stopping his stride. He continued walking to check out. The two girls looked at each other, both with shocked expressions. There was no way Malfoy passed up the chance to ridicule them. As Draco left Madam Malkin's shop, he decided to head over to Obscurus Books. If I'm going to suffer through another year of school, I might as well have something to do in my free time. Since the war was over, Draco needed something to take his mind off things. All summer he immersed himself into reading any book he could get his hands on. His father was arrested for his part in the war, and Draco and his mother were pardoned of their crimes. Even though they were pardoned, Draco didn't think people would put it behind them any time soon. The blond-haired boy browsed the titles of the books in the store. He picked up quite a few books: Recent Developments in Wizardry, Dreadful Denizens of the Deep, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Home Life and Social Habits of British Muggles, Olde and Forgotten Bewitchments and Charmes, The Adventures of Martin Miggs, the Mad Muggle, the Healer's Helpmate, and Where There's a Wand, There's a Way. As he was leaving the book shop, he noticed that it wasn't nearly as bright outside as when he arrived in Diagon Alley. Checking his watch, he let out a deep sigh. Half past four , he thought. Time had really gotten away from him looking at those books. He had picked out eight of them, but he didn't think it would take him so long. As Draco prepared to leave, he noticed Hermione and Ginny heading towards the book shop. "Hermione, I really don't feel like book shopping," Ginny whined. "Well go hang out with Harry and Ron, I can just meet you when I'm done," Hermione said much to Ginny's delight. As Hermione watched Ginny skip merrily away, she turned to the bookstore. As she turned, she locked eyes with none other than Draco Malfoy. Why's he looking at me, she wondered. Do I have something in my hair? He's probably just making fun of me to himself, the bloody prat. Draco looked away and made his way home as Hermione entered the bookstore. Upon arriving at the Manor, Narcissa asked how his trip was. "Quite uneventful," he responded, "although, I did see Hermione Granger, and it made me think that she's probably Head Girl." "Good for her, I would have expected that," the blonde woman said. Without having to say the words, Draco and his mother both thought of the torture Hermione endured in the exact house they were in. "Well mother, I'll be off to my room. I'll probably go to visit some friends." In his room, Draco used his small fireplace to floo his friends. First up was Blaise Zabini. Sitting in front of the fire, Draco waited for his friend to appear in the fire. In a few seconds, a dark complexioned boy appeared in the flames. "Hey mate, how's it going," the boy inquired. "Pretty well my friend. Just returned home from Diagon Alley, had to do school shopping." "Oi, you didn't tell me when you were going, I went on Thursday and Theodore went on Tuesday. We could have all met up, been so long since I've seen you two." "I had completely forgotten until mother reminded me this morning that it wasn't very becoming of a Head Boy to be unprepared," Draco said. "Hey, congrats on Head Boy mate, I'm Slytherin prefect," Zabini said. "Congrats to you too, mate," Draco said, "are you particularly busy right now?" "No, why?" "I was just going to ask if you wanted to get together before school started is all," said Draco. "Yes, you can come round here, and I'll get Theo to come too," Blaise said before disappearing in the flames. Draco grabbed some floo powder and said, "Zabini Manor." Within seconds he was in an exquisite living room. His friend sat on an expensive looking white couch. "Theo should be right along," Blaise said. As soon as he finished speaking, Theodore Nott appeared next to Draco. The three boys sat on the white couch discussing the upcoming school year. As Theo and Blaise talked about the potions class they would be taking that year, Draco observed his friends. He idly thought about how he even managed to have friends. Theo and I both had fathers who were Death Eaters, so we can relate there of course. Although, his mother died so he was only raised by his father, poor bloke. Blaise on the other hand… I suspect the fact that we're both so hard to please is why we're friends. I'd even argue that he's harder to please than I am, and that's saying something. "So, Malfoy," Theo said, breaking Draco away from his thoughts, "any idea who Head Girl is?" Sighing deeply, Draco said, "I presume it is Granger." Both Theo and Blaise made a face at her name being mentioned. "Ah, well, you'll make it through mate," Blaise said sort of chuckling. Blaise was right. How terrible could it be. The boys continued to talk late into the night. Finally, around three o'clock in the morning, Draco flooed back to his Manor, and so did Theo. The next time he would see his friends would be Tuesday morning on the Hogwarts express. After a quick shower, Draco slipped down into his silk green sheet. It was only moments before he was fast asleep. Next Chapter: September 1st (Tuesday) "Its half past ten, and your train leaves at eleven o'clock on the dot!Now, I doubt any of you want to miss your last year, so best get moving," Mrs. Weasley yelled as Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny made their way onto platform nine and three-quarters.