same feeling they had in front of Alex at the office. Charlie bent his neck, cupping her chin with his rough hand, and pulled her to him. Their lips met in an explosion of bold, and both felt as though they could remain like this for an eternity. Reluctantly, Charlie pulled away, his lips curled into that handsome sideways grin. "Are you ready to try these on a dragon egg now?" Charlie asked, out of breath. Pansy nodded, not sure if she would be able to speak just yet. She wasn't even sure if she would be able to walk! Charlie took her hand and lead her to the nest. It was large an open, where large standalone lamps were placed about the straw, attempting to heat the eggs the best they could. "Okay. I'll leave you alone so you can concentrate on this. This is pretty important. Just holler if you need me." Said Charlie, hesitating long enough to kiss her chastely on her cheek. Pansy watched his back as he walked away and let out a breath. She turned to study the egg in front of her. It was large, green, and black. She racked her brain through all the dragon eggs she memorized, and figured that this one might be a Romanian Longhorn. She bent down and touched it, a little paranoid that the mother would come and snatch her head off any moment. That feeling was, though scary, very thrilling, and she was unable to stop the tremors of excitement. She took out her wand, waved it over the egg, and whispered, a little nervously " Apricity ." She waited. And waited. And waited some more. She yelled in frustration. "I'll just try again. No big deal." She took a deep breath, waved her wand over the egg again, and said " Apricity ." The egg glowed a light orange color and shuddered. Pansy kept doing this for three more hours until Charlie came in to check on her. "You need to go home and get some rest. You can try again tomorrow. It's a dragon egg. It's going to take a while." Charlie pulled her to her feet and tucked her hair behind her ear. And then he apparated them both back to the office. Pansy grabbed her bag and started heading out the door before Charlie caught her hand. "Why don't you let me take you out?" "Can I take a rain check? I would really like a shower. I'll see you in the morning." Ignoring Charlie's sad look, she took her hand from his, walked into the elevator, and apparated home. She hated to deny him, but she exhausted herself with her work today, and if she was being honest, she was feeling a bit hot herself, and needed to get some rest. Pansy woke up feeling highly angry with herself. Not only was she unsuccessful with the egg, but she turned down Charlie for a night out together! A night where they could be themselves. Not the teacher and the student roles they were forced to be these past weeks. Frustrated, she got up and dressed in almost record timing. She made herself breakfast and apparated to the Ministry, and walking to Alex's office, who stood at her presence. "Pansy! Good news! Charlie has already arrived, and I think you will be glad to hear that the egg stayed warm over night! I'm sure by the end of today, we will have us a baby Romanian Longhorn! Great job!" Pansy's spirit was lifted. She dropped her bag and immediately apparated to the nest where Charlie was waiting for her. "Did Alex tell you?" Charlie asked with his signature grin. Pansy beamed at him and nodded, throwing herself into his arms. Charlie spun her before placing a soft kiss over her lips. "If I succeed today, I will let you take me out. Now, go. Go before I skip the rest of the day to spend it with you." Charlie chuckled and went on his way. Pansy got right to work. Four hours passed, and Pansy called for Charlie. The dragon was almost ready! Just a few more waves of her wand, and he would be ready to see the world. "What is it?" Charlie came in and looked at the egg. "Wahoo! We are going to have a new Romanian Longhorn! I'm so excited. These, apart for Fireballs, are my absolute favorite dragons! You keep working on this, and I'll go get a few more people. This dragon has a bite to it!" Charlie ran off and Pansy turned to the egg. " Apricity ." Pansy waved her wand, and the next thing she knew, there was an explosion as the charm hit the egg. Apparently, the dragon had emerged its head from the egg, and decided to blow some fire right when Pansy did the charm. The next thing she knew was flying backwards through the air and landing on something hard. The air escaped her and she couldn't breathe. She heard yelling, and then Charlie was by her side, tears staining his face. "I didn't think he was that ready! Pansy, I'm so sorry. We called some medi-wizards. They're on their way! Please. Please hold on!" Charlie kissed Pansy all over her face. What was going on? Was he crying? She felt fine. Until she tried to speak. "Ch-Ch-Charlie… I…. I can't breathe." Charlie was murmuring. She couldn't see. "Anapneo! ANAPNEO! WHY ARE NONE OF THESE SPELLS WORKING?" Charlie yelled. He threw his wand and took Pansy into his arms. "We were going out tonight, remember? Stay with me, Princess. Please. You can't leave me just yet. You can't." Pansy shook her head. He kissed her. "I'm sorry, Charlie. Kiss me again. Please." She saw his face come up to hers and felt their lips touch. She heard the Medi-Wizards show up. She heard them tell Charlie they were too late. She heard his wails. And then she was gone.