dominance over me. But even that too soon lost it's ability to satiate his need. But there was nothing else he could do; I had already completely submitted to him. I obeyed his every command without complaint or fanfare. I guess that's when he started getting frustrated. I definitely remember that; his mercurial and unexplainable moods, his volatile anger that would emerge even when I did everything he told me to. Because it wasn't enough anymore. Who knows—maybe this is when he got so frustrated he tried to get me pregnant. I don't actually think it had anything to do with a baby as much as it did the idea of me being knocked up. Another claim of ownership, I guess. Well anyway, that worked about as well as the rest of his attempts, which is to say not at all. I frown, pensively. I wonder what changed all that. His motivations up until this point are fairly easy to unravel, but I can't find any explanation for the last few months. I don't know why I'm thinking on all of this so deeply right at this moment, when I'm curled up in his lap, having breakfast. Which is a first; I don't normally stick around for breakfast. I don't normally let him feed me strawberries, either. At first when he pulled me into his lap it seemed rather… sweet. Endearing. Romantic, even. Which is absurd and mildly horrifying, so I dug deeper to find the real reason for it all. Which is why I'm thinking all these really intensive thoughts about sexuality and fetishes so early in the morning. It definitely has less to do with the romance and a lot more to do with the whole domineering, possessive personality. But that isn't to say there isn't something strangely… affectionate about all of it. I lean against his chest, feeling slow and sleepy, head pillowed on his shoulder. One arm is wrapped tightly around me, and the other holds a fork with a slice of banana on it, moving up to him instead of me. I don't know what possesses me to lean up really quick and steal it from him, but I intercept it before it can make it to his mouth, claiming it for my own. I feel a mischievous smile light on my face when I see his expression. He doesn't punish me for this grievance; against all reason an amused look crosses his face and he stabs another piece, moving it towards me. I open my mouth to bite it, feeling really strange and—weird. I feel like I've lost my mind at some point during this day. This whole day makes no sense, but I find myself playing along with it anyway, categorizing everything he does and attempting to make sense of it. This goes about as well as you could imagine. First of all; no sexual exploits to speak of. Considering these past few months I guess it isn't all that strange—but in the grand scheme of things it kind of is. For all intent purposes, I'm sitting here doing my homework. Actually the dark lord is doing my homework, and I'm sitting here petting Nagini. "How do you not know the five basic laws of transmutation?" He snorts, looking genuinely confused. "What are they teaching you in that school?" I shrug somewhat defensively, holding a hand aloft for Nagini to wind around my arm. "We probably went over it at some point," I reply feebly, still a little hesitant to reply to him at all. The whole 'conversing' thing is really hard to come to terms with. "I probably just wasn't paying attention." His expression turns unreadable. "Yes," he turns away. "I suppose you would have much to distract you." I blink at that, wondering how the mood turned so bleak in a matter of seconds. Nagini leaves my hand in favor of curling up in my lap. What could he—oh. Oh. But I hadn't meant it to be accusatory at all; I wasn't blaming him for it or anything. Even though it kind of is his fault. I feel a change in subject is in order, but have no idea what to change it to. I'm not all that socially adept to begin with, but whatever grasp I have on polite conversation is not nearly enough to help me now. The only thing I know how to do with him is… sex. Though I don't know how useful that's going to be right now. I shift uneasily, drowning in silence. "I'm sleepy," I say, if only to break the quiet. He gives me an odd look, quill pausing. "You can retire whenever you like, Harry. I'm not keeping you here." I nod, fidgeting still. "Right," I bite my lip, rubbing Nagini almost absently. "But…" When I fail to finish, he looks up again. I wish he hadn't, though. Those quiet crimson eyes are doing funny things to something that feels suspiciously like my heart. "Will you come with me?" I think he is honestly surprised. He rises all the same though, pulling me up as well. Nagini slithers off of me as he apparates us both to the bedroom. It's only the late afternoon but already it looks as if it could be the dead of night, the world dark outside of the windows. I crawl into the bed, suddenly struck with a legitimate sleepiness. I was lying earlier, but now I actually kind of do want to sleep. I feel the bed dip behind me, turning around to see Voldemort watching me intensely. I turn back around, lying on my side but dragging one of his hands with me, pulling him against me. He seems caught off guard by the movement, stilling behind me for a moment; then he is grasping me tighter, until there's no space left between us. I'm sieged with a sudden awkwardness, but I lose it soon enough, drifting off in the warm circle of his arms.