frowned. She didn't much take to being called names. "No," she said, crossing her arms. "Don't give me that look, front-row," the man said. "I know you. You're probably here on a fellowship from your 4.0 bachelor's degree, renting an apartment with your perfect boyfriend. You haven't been drunk in at least three years and you only drink filtered water from Norwegian springs. At night you cry because of how dead all your accomplishments make you feel." Hermione couldn't even think for the rage that swelled up in her. He was uncannily right about a lot of that, but that didn't mean she was some priss - he didn't know her at all, and yet he was making some sort of rash judgment. "How can you say that? Who even are you?" "I get it, front-row. You think I'm wasting your oh-so-valuable time. I get paid more than your trust fund's worth in a single year, so my time's infinitely more valuable than yours. So I'll say it again. Answer. My. Question." She swallowed to dislodge her tongue from where it was sticking to the roof of her mouth. There was only one way to get him to stop eyeing her like a particularly tasty meal that he'd love to rip to shreds: to play his game. "Delusion," she guessed. "Correct," he said, smiling again in that odd, knowing way of his. "Delusion. We think ourselves on top of the world, we humans. We think we are magic. And so we do the impossible, and we think we'll never get caught. But us - it's our job to end those fantasies. To stop the magic. To cut the melody off half-way. When you think about it, we rather suck, don't we?" "Sounds like you made this guy up," Ron said through a mouthful of fries. Harry had a last-minute thing with the UN Ambassador and so couldn't make lunch. That was her friend, though - quite a hero complex, out there saving the world doing who-knew-what. Lucky for her, Ron was free, and they met at their favorite cafe downtown. Hermione popped a cherry tomato into her mouth, but she had the dignity to finish chewing before she spoke. "I swear. He drilled us on impossible crimes for an hour to prepare us for whatever case he's working on. He insulted most of the class. He had us riveted. I hate him for it." She kindly left out how thoroughly he'd insulted her. Lawyers were always observant, but how did he know about the boyfriend thing? About the alcohol thing? "I know you, " he'd said. A creeping sense of foreboding overtook her and she glanced over her shoulder, pulling at the sleeve of her sweater, curling into herself. "He never said why he took over for Riddle?" She shook her head. "He just said he'd see us Wednesday. He didn't even give a real name." She was going to look him up, but she felt rather stupid searching "irritating man with eyes as riveting as a car wreck and impeccable GQ style." "Didn't you say he works for Ollivander and McGonagall? You can probably find him on their database." "That's a good idea," she said. She had to know more about him - especially since sketches of him were plastered all over Ginny's wall. "Hey," Ron said, taking her hand. "He's just some pretentious recent graduate having a grand time messing with students. Don't let him get under your skin." She hadn't told Ron about the dreams. She never would. He was far too practical to understand. "How's the internship?" she asked, changing the subject. "Good as ever," he shrugged. "They mentioned making new hires this week. I think it's coming." Hermione smiled what she hoped was encouragingly and made a silent note to pick up one of those Fast and Furious movies he liked so much and a bottle of red for them after work on Friday when he most certainly did not receive that promotion. "Can I borrow your phone?" she asked. "Mine's dead." "Sure," he said, pulling it out of his pocket. She slid out of the chair and walked out onto the quiet cobblestone street. She dialed a number she had memorized and leaned against the brick of the cafe. It rang hollowly a few times before going straight to her friend's chipper voice. You've reached Ginevra Weasley, art student at the Institute. For business, feel free to call my studio at…" Hermione impatiently pushed the 1, and left her whispered voicemail. "Gin. It's me. My phone's dead, but I'll be with Ron for the next hour, so call me if you get out of the studio. I need to talk to you. Something — " She froze immediately when she saw him again. There — across the street. His hair was a bit longer on the top than the sides, and it blew in the breeze as he walked. His leather bag was slung over his shoulder, and he was looking intently at something on his phone screen as he walked into the coffee shop. She watched as he slid his phone in his back pocket, reached for the door, and held it open for the few people behind him, smiling brilliantly. He turned to look at the street, and when their eyes met he gave her a pretentious little wave. The chirp of the voicemail cutting her off shocked her out of her stupor, and she waved back, but he'd already went inside. So she hadn't made him up. He was real — opening doors for people. Ordering coffee. Not wanting to even consider the implications of that, she walked back into the restaurant and handed Ron his phone. "Everything all right?" he asked. "Yeah," she breathed, smoothing her hands on her jeans. And then, one more time, to convince herself: "Yeah." If you had fun reading this in any way, don't forget to leave a review - remember, they brighten my day!