his body as he looked down at Harry and took in his flushed cheeks, full, red kiss bruised lips, sparkling emerald eyes that were more alive than Bill had ever seen them which in turn sent a thrum of contentment through his chest. He couldn't stop himself from leaning forwards and placing light, teasing kisses on Harry's lips smiling as Harry grumbled and followed him up to capture his lips properly again. "Bill, please," Harry groaned as he wriggled underneath the redhead needing something more. "Are you sure Harry? I don't want you to regret anything," Bill sighed against Harry's lips as he held him still with one hand on his hip. "I want you Bill, everything, anything. I won't regret anything," Harry smiled gently as he brushed a light finger along the scar running down Bill's right cheek before leaning up to kiss him again. Bill smiled happily against Harry's lips before moving to drive Harry as mad as he could until the teen was writhing underneath him gasping and panting. When he entered his first finger into Harry's virgin entrance Harry let out a loud mewling noise and thrust down on the finger. Bill couldn't stop himself from kissing Harry again and adding a second finger. This time Harry tensed but he kissed back as passionately, Bill slowed down and started to prepare Harry slower already feeling a little guilty for hurting him but Harry was wriggling and thrusting down again. He scissored his fingers inside Harry as he started to nibble Harry's neck causing his breath to catch and him to mewl. When Bill removed his fingers after adding a third and fourth Harry let out an annoyed groan and thrust down trying to get him back. Bill chuckled huskily as he added lubrication to his hand before slicking up his cock. "Last chance to back out Harry," Bill panted as he leant over Harry's body. "I'm not backing out, now if you don't fuck me I will hex you!" Harry groaned yanking Bill towards him. Bill smiled and kissed Harry tenderly as he lined himself up and slowly started pushing into Harry's stretched and fluttering entrance. Harry gasped as the head of Bill's cock pushed through the ring of his muscles and slipped fully into the tight heat of Harry's body. "Merlin Harry, you're so tight, so hot," Bill groaned and he held himself still to allow Harry to adjust to him. Harry felt a slight burn but it was quickly overrun by the hot, possessive, filling feeling of having Bill inside him. He wrapped his arms and legs tighter around Bill's neck and waist before tightening himself around Bill's cock pulling an involuntary thrust and groan from the redhead. "Minx," Bill chucked before he pulled back and thrust deeply back into Harry's body causing them both to gasp. Bill set up a steady rhythm, getting faster when Harry pleaded for him to do so. At some point his hair had come out of its normal ponytail and was hanging down around them in sweaty tendrils, Harry had one hand fisted in it, his head was tilted back as he groaned and panted out his pleasure, Bill found himself thrusting harder and more desperately at the noises Harry made, the sound of flesh slapping off flesh resounding through the room making him hotter and more aroused than he had, he felt his body falling closer and closer to the edge. As Harry let out a small scream and gripped Bill's shoulder tightly letting Bill know that he had hit Harry's sweet spot. Grinning mischievously Bill thrust shallowly against the same spot pulling gasping yells from Harry. As he started thrusting deeper than before Harry's body easily matched the pattern he set up and they moved together desperately and hungrily, their lips met and they kissed passionately but sloppily, the mere need to be as close as possible driving them. Bill hit Harry's prostrate three times before he felt his body tightening around his cock, Harry let out a yell completely throwing back his head as he felt the spring in his abdomen snap and his orgasm washed over him in a heady rush of black and white, Bill managed only a couple more thrusts as Harry's walls rippled around him before he felt his orgasm pulled from him as well. He grunted as his hips moved shallowly as he emptied himself into Harry before collapsing weakly on top of him. They lay panting and clinging tightly to each other as their sweaty bodies cooled down. When he could finally move Bill rolled to the side so that he wasn't crushing Harry before reaching out and pulling Harry into his side. They lay silently just absorbing the warmth from each other's bodies and enjoying the afterglow until Harry shifted so he could lay his head on Bill's chest and throw his arm across Bill's stomach. "So, any regrets yourself?" Harry asked softly. "Absolutely not. Any yourself?" Bill smiled down at Harry's content and glowing face already knowing the answer. "None, are you still coming to my party then?" Harry grinned teasingly. "Hm well, now that I have had the best part..." Bill drew off teasingly before laughing when Harry whacked him. "The answer will have to be yes. I plan on telling everyone that I snagged the most gorgeous, kind, intelligent, brilliant guy in Britain," Bill said seriously before laughing when Harry scrunched his nose and blushed. "You need to get your head checked. Mm, I'm tired now," Harry smiled even as he yawned tiredly. "Then go to sleep Kitten. It's your birthday I think you can sleep in as long as you like," Bill said softly as he started running his fingers through Harry's hair. "Kitten?" Harry snickered. "You're like a cat, as well as cute and agile. So kitten yes. Now go to sleep you have a big day later," Bill laughed pulling him closer. Harry smiled slightly as he settled down against Bill's chest.