reciprocated. Leo led them away from the busy shops and toward the wooded area until they were alone. Hermione looked around as her world got blurry. The trees around her felt like they were closing in, suffocating her. She sat on a snow covered rock and put her head between her legs. "What is going on?" She looked toward Leo, but he was staring off in the opposite direction, adjusting his glasses nervously. Hermione suddenly realized why the Butterbeer tasted so bitter. "What did you give me?" Hermione tried to stand, realizing town wasn't that far away. Instead she fell forward into the snow. Hermione felt Leo's hands lift her and lean her against the rock so she was sitting up. The dizziness dulled her vision. Suddenly his face was right in front of hers. "I'm sorry." He whispered, his eyes were sincere. She wanted to know why he was doing this but that question was answered as quickly as it was thought. "Aww, look at the Mudblood now. Helpless." Pansy Parkinson walked into her line of sight. Blaise was standing just behind her. "You know it was hard convincing this Ravenclaw to spike your drink. But a few small threats can go a long way." Pansy laughed as she drew her wand. " Petrificus Totalus ." Hermione tried to move but the binding spell forced her still. She felt less groggy as the potion started to wear off. Apparently it wasn't very strong. Pansy looked toward Leo. "Leave." And just like that, he was gone. "Two against one? How classy." Hermione spoke, shivering from the melted snow beneath her. "You have to learn your lesson somehow. It was very hard to sneak out of Hogwarts. I'm going to make this worthwhile." Pansy pointed her wand at Hermione. "Blaise...what spell should we use on her first?" "I think we should use…" Blaise stopped. There was a rustling near the trees. He raised his wand toward the sound. Pansy followed suit. "Show yourself." "It's me." A familiar voice answered. Pansy's face lit up. "Draco!" She smiled as she gestured for him to join her. "How wonderful. We are about to teach this dirty blooded bitch a lesson." Draco walked forward and looked down at Hermione. She saw nothing in his eyes, not even a flash of emotion. She tried to break free of the bind, but the spell was strong. She laid there helpless. She hoped Harry and Ron were looking for her. Draco stood next to Pansy, sliding his arm around her and pulling her close to him. Blaise narrowed his eyes at Draco. It was so obvious that he was in love with Pansy. "What a perfectly disgusting couple." Hermione mumbled. "What the hell did you say?" Pansy kicked Hermione before lowering her wand to Hermione. "Wait." Draco said calmly. "Let me go first." "Of course." Pansy stepped aside, sneering at Hermione. "Wand?" Draco asked Pansy. "You never forget your wand." Blaise spoke from behind them. He looked bored now that Draco was here. "Even the best of us have our days, Blaise." Draco said, almost tired. "Wand?" Pansy handed it over with no hesitation. "Make her scream." Pansy demanded. Draco lowered the wand and Hermione closed her eyes, ready for pain. " Stupefy ." Draco yelled. Hermione opened her eyes to see Blaise on the floor, knocked out. Pansy looked scared. Draco pointed the wand at her. He also had another wand in his hands. His. He pointed his at Hermione. " Relashio ." She was unbound. She got up, took her wand out and pointed it at Pansy. " Petrificus Totalus ." Hermione bound Pansy. "What the hell, Draco?" Pansy looked confused. "Are you okay?" He inspected Hermione before pulling her into an embrace. She hugged him tightly. "Oh, you have got to be kidding me? You two? Your father will be very interested in hearing about this." "I have already informed him, but thank you for your concern, Pansy." Suddenly, there was rustling from behind them. Draco and Hermione stayed in each other's arms. "Get away from her, Malfoy!" Harry came into sight with Ron and Leo following him. His wand pointed at Draco. He looked around. "What the hell is going on?" "Stop!" Hermione shielded Draco with her body. "He saved me. I have some things to tell you guys." Hermione and Draco held each other's hands tightly, not wanting to let go for a second. Ron's jaw nearly dropped to the floor. "But first...we need to find a professor." Hermione and Draco held each other close that night. They sat by the Great Lake with the moonlight washing over them. A cool breeze from the frozen lake made Hermione shiver, causing Draco to hold her even closer, if that was possible. Hermione was glad to have Draco to herself. The last few hours had been dedicated to explaining everything to Harry and Ron. She told them how their romance had started the night of the Yule Ball the previous year, and how their relationship had been on and off since then. She didn't know what it was that drew her to him, but she couldn't help it. He was the worst and best person for her at the same time. "So you talked to your dad about us?" Hermione looked up at him and smiled. She finally had what she wanted. "Well...I explained everything in a long letter I sent him. I'm sure we will have a long talk when I'm home for winter break." Draco looked at Hermione. "I'm so sorry I didn't do this earlier. I was a coward. I was afraid of losing friends I never really had. You are worth so much more." Draco rested his head on the nape of Hermione's neck. "Draco?" "Yes, Hermione?" "You better come back after break." "I will. Unless I'm dead." Draco joked, kissing her neck gently. "Draco?" Hermione asked in a fragile voice. "Yeah?" He whispered on her bare skin. "Love me?" "Always."