have no idea what her first name is. She's kind of lonely." Scorpius and Rose took out their homework and got a head-start while they waited for Albus to come back. They were happy enough together to just sit there in a comfortable silence, writing essays. "Aren't you guys fun." Albus raised his one eyebrow at them which made Rose laugh so much, she spilt ink all over a piece of parchment. As they mopped it up, Albus realised that if he didn't speak, then there wouldn't be much conversation out of his friends other than the odd sentence. "So, Rose, how was history of magic? "It was great! I've got loads of notes ready for our next essay. Oh and Finley Norwood fell asleep again, Professor didn't notice until someone, although I suspect it was Grant who started it and loads of people joined in, started making objects hover around his head. Finley woke up when it all was loudly dropped on his desk and Professor gave him detention." "Rose," Albus gave his cousin a disbelieving look as he smirked. "You were the one who started the flying objects weren't you?" "She just said it was Grant. Who is Grant?" Scorpius asked. "Oh, he's in Gryffindor. He's the guy who has short brunette hair. His last name is Hathaway." "Oh no, you're not getting out of answering this Rose." Albus spoke up. Rose huffed. "Yeah, I started it. But Finley was snoring! It was pretty funny, you should've been there." "What's funny." Fred Weasley, Angelina and George's son and the brother of Roxanne, she was in her fourth year with James. Fred was in his fifth year with their cousin Lucy. "Apart from Albus's eyebrow." Albus growled and covered the missing eyebrow with his hand. "Rose floated objects around some guys head because he was sleeping in class." Fred burst out laughing. "Oh, Merlin! With stunts like that you might turn into James and Lorcan!" Rose smiled. "I don't think I'll ever be as bad as those two." Fred then went on to tell them how, last year, Lorcan and James had managed to slip ' Puking Pastilles' and ' Nosebleed Nougats' to most of the teachers and nearly the whole school had lessons cancelled thanks to them. THE DAY BEFORE SUMMER HOLIDAYS The trio lay side by side next to the lake. The warm sun beating down on them as a gentle breeze swooped over. Albus sighed. "Have you packed yet Rose?" "I've been packed for two days." "Typical. You'll be out having fun while I'll be stuck indoors packing." Huffed Albus. "I'll help you." Scorpius chimed in. The trio remained laying in the sun for a few more minutes. A comfortable silence for two of them but the tallest and palest of them was fidgeting. He opened and closed his mouth a few times. Knowing what he wanted to ask but not sure how. He was scared. But he didn't show it. "I-" he cleared his throat. Albus sat up to look down on his friend who was laying still. Scorpius continued. "I'm going abroad to France for two weeks with my parents. Then we're visiting family for a week in Sweden. Then three days in Belgium with friends of the family. But other than that I'll be home." Albus raised his eyebrows. Scorpius had told him this the other day so he must be planning to say something else. Rose lay the other side of Scorpius, listening but too lazy to open her eyes or sit up. "Well go on." "I'll write to you. You don't have to but, you know," Scorpius's voice trailed off as Rose suddenly shot up staring down at him with disapproving eyes. "Oh, yeah. And you think we won't write back?" She almost spat at him. "We have all been friends for a year now!" The boy under attack slowly sat up and squinted in the sun to see her towering above him. "Don't give us that whiny 'you don't have to but'" she mimicked him. Albus raised his eyebrows at her. Rose grabbed Albus' arms and pulled him up, then did the same to Scorpius. "Albus, go pack." Her cousin complied. Rose still had her hands gripped on Scorpius's forearms. "You astonish me sometimes Scorpius." He stared enquiringly into her eyes, not daring to look at her small hands holding him so close, in fear that she might let go. He liked being close to her. "We are friends. When we get back to Hogwarts for our second year, nothing would have changed. Me and Albus will not have abandoned you!" She now hugged him and spoke softly in his ear. "Don't doubt me Scorpius, please." Rose and Scorpius caught up to Albus and the three began to walk back to the castle. James and Lorcan came running out laughing their heads off. Professor Nye, the head of Hufflepuff and care of magical creatures teacher, came charging after them. James and Lorcan continued running and laughing all the way to Hagrid's house, before the half-giant hid them. Professor Nye stopped outside the doors and spoke in a loud voice. "Students, I warn you not to go near the library. As two students just set off dung bombs outside." The Librarian Madam Prince came coughing outside. "Just you wait until I find those brats who-" "Madam," Professor Nye tried to comfort her but it was no use. "If I could, I would ban them for life from even stepping a foot in my library. But apparently I can't. But be certain that they will not be allowed in for at least two months at the start of next year!" Rose looked at Albus and they began to laugh. Their cousin Victorie, who was in her last year, could be heard laughing behind them. They all knew that setting off a dung bomb just a few minutes ago had been the first time James and Lorcan had even been near the library.