quotes around dies. "He will have no control over the vaults and they will go to the next available heir. After the blood adoption you both can claim any lordships he has, and pass them down once his older, since there are twenty my recommendation is that you both take ten. Since Tom is also heir to some of those houses obviously they fall to him unless Severus shares them." He said to the four. "Now let's see what Severus has been hiding." He said pricking the potions master's finger. Severus Tobias Snape Father: Silenus Rookwood (deceased) Mother: Eileen Snape nee Prince (deceased) Blood Adopted Father: Tobias Snape (deceased) Heir : Rookwood Prince Snape Wroxton Runcorn Mordaunt Magical Ability : Animagus: black rabbit (registered) Severus looked at the piece of paper looking faint he was related to an unmentionable. "Wait every last one of our families is dead." He said finding it hard to be just a coincidence. "We are all pure-bloods. I was told I was a half-blood!" He exclaimed feeling suddenly sick he had been lied to and deceived. It was when Ragnok handed Severus the long list of vaults the three of them had. "Merlin!" Ragnok smiled and grabbed the blood adoption papers. "So do you still want to adopt the boy?" "Yes." Severus and Tom said in unison, the boy was far too powerful to fall into Dumbles hands. "Alright I will need more blood." He said as they all sliced their palms and placed them on the parchment followed by Severus and Tom dripping their blood into opened palm of the child. "So what's going to be the name?" "If we went with your father's name it would certainly put Dumbles underwear in a twist." Tom suggested looking at Severus. "Silenus would certainly surprise Dumbledore since for all he knows you still believe you are a Snape. Severus shook his head while he liked the name it wasn't right. "I like Demetrius or Xavier we could use Silenus or Corvinus as a middle name. "Demetrius Silenus Peverell-Snape or Xavier Corvinus Gaunt-Prince?" "I like the first one but instead Demetrius Silenus Gaunt-Snape." Tom suggested he decided after learning he was a pure-blood he didn't want the Gaunt line to die out, and he knew Dumbles might have a heart attack if the Gaunt line was resurrected since it was known for dark wizards and was the directed descendent from Slytherin meaning that if he had more children with Severus they would be directed lines of Slytherin and would have the ability of Parsel. "I thought you wanted Gaunt and Potter lines to die?" Severus said mulling the name over in his head. "I like it. Hello little Demetri." He cooed watching the baby. "Might as well scare Dumbles with the idea of another Gaunt. I might even have to tell Demetri about Helga down in the Chamber of Secrets." Tom grinned evilly watching the baby suddenly change to look exactly like them. His hair changed from a dirty brown to Severus's jet black hair, he got Tom's signature ice blue eyes, and turned slightly pail to match Severus's completion. Overall the child looked more like Severus with little bits of Tom mixed in. Ragnok smiled at the two fathers fawning over Demetri. "I'd suggest we burn the blood adoption papers from this night forward Harry Potter is dead, and Demetrius Gaunt was born August 5th 1980, so since males can get pregnant who carried it?" He asked filling out the birth certificate. "He looks the most like Severus." Tom suggested looking at Demetri. "Oh Dumbles might just have a heart attack the moment his name is called for the sorting hat. "Our little Slytherin." "Fine I carried him." Severus huffed angrily signing his name in delicate cursive under the technical mom slot as he watched Tom sign on the father line. He watched as Ragnok burned the blood adoption papers so that it would never be traced back to Harry Potter. He handed the young couple copies of all the inheritance tests and the birth certificate of one Demetrius Silenus Gaunt-Snape. "Follow Griphook for the purge." He said watching the four file out of his office with Narcissa now holding the baby. "Have a lovely night, I look forward to seeing what the little tike will do." "We are parents." Severus whispered to Tom everything suddenly seeming real and not just a plan. He watched Narcissa cuddle her son. "You will be the Godparents." He said to the two blondes next to him knowing it was exactly what Tom wanted. They sat in the purge room watching as Demetri's magic go all over the place. His magic creating a tsunami inside the room as the four of them looked stunned they knew he was an elemental it was surprising to see a two-year-old conjure a perfect tsunami. The four exited the purge room holding a very knocked out Demetri looking like a very normal two-year-old. "Narcissa he seems normal; do you still see anything wrong?" Tom asked watching the blonde wave her wand over the sleeping toddler as they walked out of the bank into the cool November air. "He seems normal, maybe the magical tsunami had something to do with everything healing." She said leaning against her husband since this night had taken a lot out of her magic wise. The apperation to Malfoy Manor was almost painful after the magical purge. "Your welcome to put Demetrius in with Draco, I'm sure they'll both sleep through the night." Lucius said wrapping his arm around her waist not wanting her to fall. AN: Yes in the books and movies Tom was born in the 1940's and is no where near the same as The Malfoy's or Severus but for this fanfiction to work it had to be done. :) Thank you all for reading and hope you enjoyed next update should be relatively soon since I do have up to chapter 4 written so far. :)