she hoped she wasn't being too forceful with everything. Walking in a comfortable silence to the jewellers they looked at the display cases, but Dudley kept pulling faces at everything they saw. Demelza checked her watch again. "We've got about an hour left, Dudley." "Oh, let me look in this last case and then we can go next door."Anxiously, he walked over to the last case he looked inside. Demelza stood at another case closeby, looking for something she could send to her sister for her birthday. About to give up on finding anything for her sister, she found something that might be perfect for his mother: a sterling silver chain with a pendant on one end. The pendant itself had two circles and a heart. She eyed the heart more intently, seeing two little footprints cut into it. She smiled at the two circles, thinking it would be perfect to engrave Dudley's name and birthdate or his mother's name. It was something her mother would have loved, maybe his would too. Calling him over, she showed him what she had found and his face lit up. it was perfect. The jeweller quickly engraved his name and his birthdate and wrapped it neatly in a little box. Having found the perfect item, they walked out of the store with forty five minutes left of their lunch breaks. They went into the digital media store to see what they could find there quickly. Ten minutes ticked by before Dudley found a digital frame he could put a microSD card in or a USB drive and have a slideshow of her favourite pictures. He had these at home already to give to her so she could place them on her computer, but this was way better. They quickly bought the frame and rushed to find a news agency. Picking out some wrapping paper and birthday card, they sat in the middle of the centre wrapping everything. "She's going to love these Dud, you did well!" Demelza said with a smile. "I couldn't have managed this without your help. You found the chain afterall," Touching his hand to hers he continued, "thank you for helping, I really appreciate it." After he pulled his hand away from hers, she could still feel where it had been. His hands were soft and had felt so good on hers. Shaking the feeling off quickly, she finished the last present and asked whether they should get some flowers now or if he wanted to go and get a coffee before going back to work. "I should probably get the flowers after work so they don't ruin, let's get that coffee" he said while standing and gathering the presents. It was a quick stop at the coffee stop and then a mad rush to get back to work, both again wishing they could have spent more time together. oOo Dudley had been attempting to do this for weeks now. When he had walked into that cafe, he had never in his wildest imagination thought he would meet one of the most amazing people She was everything he had dreamed of for his perfect girl and more. They had planned to meet for breakfast before going to work, and Dudley thought this was the perfect opportunity to ask her out on a proper date. She would be fresh and open-minded, willing to listen, and it would be a quieter atmosphere so he didn't chicken out because of the noise and the crowd. He walked into the cafe and saw her sitting in their wonted spot, waiting for him with their usual coffee order and a serving of raisin bread they both enjoyed. Perfect, he wouldn't be interrupted by a waitress; he could ask straight away and not overthink it in his head. Sitting down across from her with a smile, he took a sip of his coffee to build his courage up. She seemed to know he had something planned because she was silently eyeing him intently. "I wanted to ask you something and want you to really consider it. It's important." His words poured out of his mouth quickly, his nerves getting the better of him. "Anything Dudley." Swallowing hard, he took the plunge. "I wanted to know if you would go to dinner with me…" "Why would that be something I have to consider, I eat lunch with you everyday anyway." Her words made it evident to Dudley that she wasn't catching on. "Not any dinner, Demelza. I want to know if you would like to have dinner with me. On a date I've been trying to ask you for weeks." Dudley flicked his eyes down at the table, seeming to be suddenly interested in the design, not wanting her to see how nervous he was of her reply. "Dudley, look at me" she said in a forceful tone and continued once he made eye contact, "of course I would like to go on a date with you. I think that is a wonderful idea. I've been hoping that our lunches and friendship would go further for a while now." Dudley sighed in relief. "Oh thank god. I thought because I'm not exactly a ' top catch ' you wouldn't want to be with me." Demelza's face fell. How dare he think he wasn't good enough. "You are the perfect person for me, Dudley. We fit so well together and have fit together since day one. Never think you aren't enough for me." After they had gotten the tension out of the way, they had agreed on a time and date for their dinner, and Friday couldn't arrive fast enough. Their breakfast went easier after that, and they laughed together, both finding it funny neither had acted on their feelings sooner. Dudley walked Demelza to the train station, then strode back to the bank a happy man. He had forced himself out of his comfort zone, and in result snagged a date with his dream girl. oOo