anything in her entire life and as much as she loved her niece, she knew that in the long run Andromeda would provide the safest, most loving environment for her to grow up in. Narcissa could only provide a house, Andromeda could give her a home. Andromeda was left speechless at her sister's earnest explanation and uncharacteristic show of emotion. She'd never realized that Narcissa had felt just as stifled and trapped in their home as she had and was surprised with the amount of gentleness and care in which she seemed to handle their niece. It was obvious to anyone who looked at the way she was cradling the child in her arms with a tenderness that seemed foreign on her that she loved the girl very much and was finding it difficult to let her go. "Of course we'll take her!" A deep voice suddenly echoed through the quiet room startling both women and causing Andromeda to turn her head to the doorway of the living room. Leaning lazily against the door in his checked, fleecy pajamas, hair sticking up in every direction, shirt wrinkled from sleep and a tired, handsome smile tugging at the corners of his lips stood Teddy Tonks. He had his arms crossed casually across his chest and a nonchalant look on his face, as though he hadn't just agreed to take in the daughter of one of the most insane and volatile Death Eaters in Great Britain. Looking into his forest green eyes, Andromeda could tell he'd heard everything Narcissa had said about the kind of life the girl would have if she were to keep her. Andromeda could see the steely determination that'd set itself in his eyes. It was the same determination he'd set upon her in their Hogwarts days, the kind he used when he decided he wanted to keep Andromeda despite the danger from her family. Teddy wanted to keep his niece; he wanted her to grow up in a stable home with loving parents and an older sister who'd take care of her. And Andromeda would be lying if she said she didn't want that too. "Alright then" Andromeda said looking hesitantly between her sister and her husband, "But if we're going to do this, then we're going to do it properly" she said crossing the room to stand in front of her sister only inches away from the sleeping girl nestled in Narcissa's arms. She made sure to look her directly in the eyes before continuing with the conditions. In a situation like this one, it was important to remain specific. "Contact between you and the girl is strictly forbidden Narcissa. No money, no visitation, nothing. As far as she is concerned she's our daughter. Nymphadoras little sister". Narcissa's brow furrowed in despair as she realized that if she were to accept the terms, this would be the last time she would be able to properly see her niece. She would become nothing more than a distant memory to the girl she had all but raised the last three years and for the first time that night, Narcissa hesitated. "At least allow me to give her access to the Lestrange vaults, its hers by right and-" "That won't be necessary," Teddy cut across Narcissa's desperate plea. "If we give her access to those Gringotts Vaults then we're giving her access to her parents, and all of this will have been for nothing. Narcissa, I promise you we'll love her with all our hearts. She'll never want for anything, but you have to let her go". Teddy crossed the room to stand next to his wife, just inches away from Narcissa and the child, he let a loving grin slip passed his lips as he looked longingly down at the child. Narcissa watched in fascination as Andromeda leaned back and Teddy casually slipped his arm around her waist as they both gazed intently at their niece. They looked, in Narcissa's opinion, exactly how a young couple in love should look. Relaxed, happy and peaceful. This was, as much as it pained her to admit, the best place for her niece to grow up. "Alright, you have a deal. I wont contact her or give her money, I won't even tell Draco about her" Narcissa said, as she allowed her eyes to drift down to the sleeping child once more for her final goodbye. She took her time, allowing her gaze to drift from her perfect nose to her dark lashes and curly midnight hair to her small hands softly gripping the hem of Narcissa's coat. She gave her one last loving kiss on the forehead, before painstakingly handing her over and into Andromeda's waiting arms. She only took a moment to make sure that she hadn't woken the child, before swiftly turning from the newly made family and heading back down the dimly lit hallway. She'd only just opened the glass paneled door at the front of the house when she heard Teddy's voice drifting down the hall. "Wait!" he called. Narcissa stopped at the end of the hallway, her hand hovering over the door handle. "You forgot to mention her name" "It's Lyra" Narcissa replied without turning around, "Lyra Cassiopeia Lestrange" Without another word Narcissa strolled out of the house and back into the rain soaked streets where she disapparated. The loud CRACK echoing throughout the sleeping neighborhood. "Well, this has been an eventful night" Teddy declared with toothy grin as he turned to look at his wife who was still gently holding the newest member of the family. The tiny girl was just beginning to stir, blinking her steely grey eyes open glancing curiously around the room until they settled on the two smiling faces staring down at her. "Welcome to the family Lyra Tonks! That's the beginning! PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE. . .REMEMBER TO REVIEW! I plan on updating next Wednesday but if this chapter can get 15 reviews then i'll update it Tuesday evening instead!