to last. James and his group of Marauders caught her on her way back from meeting Narcissa. "We need to talk," James said, the obvious ringleader of this agreement. Remus sent her an apologetic look as the bliss slipped off her face. Peter looked around nervously, whilst Sirius looked smug. What did they know? "Why do we need to talk?" Lily snapped. "I'm not your property, Potter." "Relax, Lils." She glared at him as he used that dreaded nickname. "I'm just concerned about you." "Why on Earth would you be concerned about me?" He could not know about Narcissa. How would he know about Narcissa? "You're going to have to be concerned about yourself in a minute when I hex you." James sighed. "I was just wondering why you always came back to the Common Room lately looking like the Kneazle who got the cream." "That really isn't any of your business, James." She looked over his shoulder and spotted Dorcas, who smiled and beckoned her over. "Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to find better company than what you are." She left him staring at her, his mouth wide open. "What got her knickers in a twist?" Sirius asked. Lily felt much better when she hexed him. Narcissa was walking towards her Potions classroom when the two boys who followed Lucius Malfoy around dragged her into an empty classroom. She raised her wand to curse them until she saw Lucius walk out from behind them. "Hello, my beloved ," he snarled. She winced. In all of her fun, she had forgotten she was betrothed to Lucius. "Hello, Lucius," she said coolly. "What is the meaning of this arrangement?" "I'm here to talk to you about… certain activities you have been doing as of late." Her heart was thumping in her chest. "What activities?" she questioned, but her voice betrayed her slightly. "Let's just say some little birdy told me that that you have been seeing the Mudblood Evans in your spare time." Severus . Oh, how she was going to slit his throat, the nosy little snitch . "And what about it?" "I would like you to end it. Or you may find that it has some unfortunate consequences." He nodded at the bigger of his two cronies, who walked over to her and held the sides of her face before headbutting her. Her nose cracked as she turned to face her future husband, a dark glare in her eyes. "I believe Andromeda was disowned for loving that Mudblood. If you don't end it, you may find someone just tipping off your family about the fact you've let a Mudblood touch you. And if that doesn't stop you, my beloved, then I will have to start taking action on the pretty little redhead." "I will end it tonight," Narcissa said evenly. "Farewell, Lucius." The three men left, and Narcissa healed her broken nose and cleaned off any blood. She couldn't do anything about the dark bruises forming under her eyes. She straightened her skirts before making her way to Potions. "I'm sorry I'm late, Sir," she said. "That is fine, Miss Black, although may you refrain from being late in the future." "Of course." She moved over to where she sat, sliding into her seat. "We need to meet up," Narcissa said. "Same place, same time." Lily nodded briefly before turning back to her notebook. Narcissa really did not want to do this. She was going to miss the Mudblood too much. This is for her. Lily was waiting in their usual spot when Narcissa walked in, a dismayed expression on her face. Jumping off of the table, Lily walked over to her, her heart throbbing when Narcissa flinched away. "What's wrong?" "Nothing." Narcissa sighed, twirling her wand in her hand. "I'm sorry, Evans, but you're not worth the effort. I'm tired of this relationship. I want out." Lily could see the pain behind Narcissa's eyes but it did not register in her head. Instead, all she could hear was the sound of her heart plummeting to the floor and shattering into a million pieces. It was all a lie. You're not worth the effort. Lily's lip trembled. "So, you're ending it?" she managed to get out. "Yes. I'm not sorry." The sudden tears that sprung to her eyes surprised herself. She walked out of the room, her head held high as the tears streamed down her cheeks. She fled to the comfort of her Common Room, bumping straight into James. "Watch it, Lil—hey, are you alright?" She pressed her face to his chest, mumbling, "Nothing really matters." Narcissa sat with Severus the next Potions lesson. Lily did not even look in her direction as she sat with Sirius. The trauma Narcissa had suffered made her indifferent to her surroundings. She barely even paid attention to Severus glaring at her, or him muttering, "How did you get with her in five weeks when I didn't get with her in five years? " Even if she did hear someone she ignored them. Her heart hurt. This is all your fault you've hurt her you should have sacrificed your family for her you should have protected her from Lucius. She turned away. and leave me to die? Okay nobody died. But Lily's heart did. Excuse the argue scene I don't know where that one came from # love Jily I honestly tried, okay. I'm just tired and it's been a long day. A long week tbh… But I didn't fail my biology test so that's a bonus. Anywho. At this point I don't care if I get a Troll or wahtever, I did as much as I coulld so suck it (that's rude I apologise but I just pulled 2000 words out of my ass in 2 hours despite all of my worries) Hope you like it, Lexi. And I hope you got to the end. I finished this in the last/early hours when I should have been asleep... ~Butter