the kitchen when she calls for him, and she's pulling things out of boxes and putting them on plates. Amazing things—food he couldn't ever have imagined. "What is it?" He asks, excited, climbing onto one of the stools around the counter for a better look. She throws him a bemused look, "Oh, it's just takeout." She says, finishing up both plates and throwing the boxes and paper bag away. Again, glasses and silverware and napkins all glide their way to the table, folding and placing themselves until the whole thing looks fit for kings. It's some kind of fish on green leaves. He doesn't like fish and he doesn't like any kind of vegetable but it tastes so delicious he eats it all anyway. His favorite part though, is after they'd both finished, and Harry pulls something out of the fridge—his breath catches in his throat and his eyes grow wide. Ice cream. She laughs at his expression. "I knew it," she smirks, slyly, putting the bowl down for him to devour it. "Every kid likes ice cream." He doesn't like being called a kid, but he cannot find a reason to complain when he takes his first bite; he's never had ice cream before. It's just as amazing as everyone says it is. "What flavor is it?" He looks down; he can't tell from it's pink color. "Strawberry," she replies, smiling, as she scoops up some from her own bowl. "There's a lot of different flavors; we'll have to try them all until we find your favorite." This sounds like the best idea he's ever heard. . . . It's growing dark when he settles in for bed, tucked underneath a soft, downy comforter. He keeps rubbing the material between his fingers, as if to remind himself that this bed, this room, this house —is real. Harry makes sure he's comfortable and settled, even tucking the blankets around him. No one's ever tucked him in before, ever, not even when he was a little baby; and certainly not with such fondness as Harry, who brushes wayward hair from his face, and leans down to kiss his nose. "Are you sure you don't want a light?" She asks, when she straightens up. Tom shakes his head mutinously; he is far too old for night lights. "Alright then," Harry frowns, but doesn't press the matter. "Well, I'm just down the hall if you need anything, okay?" "Okay," he affirms, quiet, comfortable and warm in his sea of pillows and blankets. She smoothes a hand over his forehead, again. "Goodnight then, Tom." "Night, Harry," he mumbles, already feeling his eyes slip closed. It's been a long and exhausting day. Not a bad one by any means, but the excitement has left him very sleepy. He drifts off then, lulled into alluring dreams. But even with his exhaustion, he stirs at some time in the night. The sleep leaves him as shadows dance over his bed, the floor, the walls. They're just trees, he reminds himself. Just trees and wind. It's not working all that well. This is Harry's house, and Harry would never let anything happen to him. But this doesn't disregard the fact that this bed is new and this room is new and everything feels foreign to him; in a way that's mildly unsettling in the blackness of the night. He feels wary and out of sorts—and can't find his way back to sleep. He pulls his blanket up to his nose, as if to comfort himself. He liked holding it; it reminded him of Harry, even when it'd been months since he'd last seen her, and the thought of her always gave him comfort. But as he lies there and breathes in the familiar scent of the fabric, he remembers that the person in question is here. Not in some far flung region his imagination can't even conjure. She's here—just down the hall. This is how he finds his feet dragging himself quietly down the hallway; blanket in both hands. The hallway seems infinitely longer than it had looked during the daytime; every small sound makes him jump. He runs quickly to her door, opening it hesitantly. When he peaks his head in he can't see much of anything through the darkness; just small shifting parts illuminated by the speckled moonlight. "Harry?" He calls, fearful and unsteady. There's a rustle of sheets and fabric. "Mmm?" And then he can see her form rising up off the bed, rubbing blearily at one eye. "Tom, is that you?" "Yes," he replies in a small voice, shy and suddenly feeling very foolish. "What's wrong, Tomcat?" He shifts nervously, unwilling to admit to being scared of the dark. It seems so silly when he thinks of it like that—he's far too old to be scared of monsters under his bed. "I—" he fidgets, "I just... " She must read something in the silence between his words. "Did you have a bad dream?" He nods, even though that's not quite true. He can't remember whatever he dreamed, only what happened after. She makes a motion, beckoning him in. "Do you want to sleep with me tonight?" He nods again, before tearing away from the door and towards her voice. Her hands catch him as he nears the bed, lifting him up onto it. It's far too easy to relax into her embrace; all his fears seem foolish and flimsy when her arms are wrapped around him, all slipping away like water in his hands. She makes an indecipherable murmur, rolling to the side and pulling him with her. If he thought his new bed was comfortable, he clearly had never been in Harry's. He's not sure if it's really just that much softer, or that it's just that she's so close to him. And when he noses into the sheets, he can smell the soft scent of her hair in the fabric; so very familiar and comforting. He's out in a matter of moments.