a real man duels although that's probably because you wouldn't know either." His statement causes the crowd to hold their breath as they watch the two. Lucius begins to draw his wand from his cane to curse the boy who dared insult him or his family. His wife was walking up to his side at the time. Before Lucius even gets his wand a quarter of the way out he feels something sharp under his chin realizing that its James wand he gulps freezing where he is. " He is so fast how the hell did he do that." "IF you wish to draw that wand it had better be in a Lords Honor Duel Lord Malfoy or I will put you down before you have it halfway." Lucius looks at the boy before him and sees the fire in his eyes. "A Lords Honor Duel ha you may be the heir to the House of Yale but you didn't inherit their wisdom did you boy you know if I accept and win said duel anything and everything you own is mine. Your title your lands your gold if you have servants a wife or betrothed it will all be mine do you realize what you have left yourself open for boy. He snarled at James. "Yes, I do Lord Malfoy but if I win the same goes for you so shall I make it official. Lord Malfoy I challenge you to Lords Honor Duel right here right now for the way you have treated me if Lord Black will allow us to duel in his hall for the other houses to witness." Sirius looks stunned but nods his agreement to the duo. Lucius looks at the boy before him with a sneer did a mere boy really believe he could beat him Lord Malfoy former death eater he would show him his place. "I accept your challenge Heir Yale." They both walk to opposite sides of the stage an wait as Sirius raises the wards and strengthens them. "Ok um on 3,2,1 GO." Lucius draws his wand as fast as he can but the boy in front of him suddenly disappears. He looks around quickly confused as to where he went he couldn't have apparated out of the duel. The wards would never have allowed it. James cast a disillusionment charm the second he heard go and quickly jumped to the right. He cast a silencing spell on himself to silence his feet and breathing quickly making his way around the panicked man in front of him. He had just made it around behind Lucius as the man started casting wide spread banishment charms where James had started the duel. With a flick of his wand James drops his charms and points his wand at the shoulder of Lucius wand arm. " Brakkius " CRACK switching his aim quickly he hits the other shoulder " Brakkius " the left leg " Brakkius " right leg " Brakkius ." After the fourth incredibly loud crack Malfoy falls to the ground on his stomach screaming. James quickly silences the man then looks at the crowd. "I need two of the Ancient and Noble House to decide and call this duel please." He said this in such a calm way it was a few moments before Sirius responded. "James the rules here in Britain are a little different than in America. I'm sorry I forgot you didn't know in America the houses can call an Honor duel between Lords but here in Britain it can only be decided by finishing one's opponent or surrender." Sirius said these words with a grimace. James merely shrugged at this and quickly cast a mild painkilling charm on Lucius as he dropped his silencing charm. "Surrender so we can end this." Lucius spit blood at the boy standing above him. "FUCK you you'll meet your end when the dark lord returns." James merely shook his head placing the tip of his wand at the back of Malfoys neck. "Lords Ladies if you or your heirs do not wish to see this please look away." A voice came from the crowd. "He started this you won fair and square we won't dishonor your win end it quickly so you don't either." With a slight nod James mutters " Liboltas ". A pale-yellow bolt of lightning slips through the former Malfoy lords neck and just as quick as it appeared it was gone. The only sound that could be heard was a choked sob from Lady Malfoy as she slowly bowed before James. He motioned for her to stand and follow him into another room. Lily stands on the stage to address the crowd, "I'm sorry but in light of certain events we will be asking everyone to leave we hope you enjoyed your time with us." She Sirius and Harry started saying goodbye to the others as they prepared to depart. James shut the door behind him and Narcissa. Locking it as well he looked at his newly acquired servant. She was rather attractive with her slim build she looked many years younger than she was maybe in her later twenties. She had long blonde hair with a streak of black in it her body was slim but with luscious curves where they counted with perky 42d breast and a large round ass yes Narcissa Malfoy was many boys and men's picture of a wet dream. She was currently in an off-white button-down blouse and knee length black skirt. James stood before her as she looked at the floor. "You know what this means don't you?" A/N As always please review so I know if anyone else wants to read. This is revised as the original chapter had so many issues I could not even count. You can thank my new Beta Cerberus309 the girl has skills and I greatly appreciate what she has done I hope you all enjoy the story feel free to pm me.