His time in Azkaban has greatly thinned him. Hermione She is tallish at 5"10. Her hair is still fairly frizzy but has smoothed down some. She is skinny from the war but gained back enough to have a normal slightly on the skinny side figure. Rabastan He has dark red hair that is always slightly greasy. His skin is pale and his eyes are green and sunken. He has a slight cockney accent. He is 6"2. He is somewhat emaciated. His skin has taken on a yellowish waxy tint. Rodulphus He has the same colors as his brother but is taller (6"5) and more brutish. He is not as smart as his brother. His hair is darker and less greasy but shorter. Thorfinn He is tall and viking like. He has white yellow blond hair and grey blue eyes. One eye is a fair bit darker than the other. He is 6"5. He's a little self conscious about the mismatched eyes. Yaxley He has very yellow blond hair. His eyes are cold and grey. He has dark blunt features. His height is about 6"1. His skin color is weirdly tanned. Aloof is a key word. Regulus He has dark hair like his brother. He's not as handsome but still somewhat in a scumbag sort of way. His eyes are dark brown nearly black. He has a skinny body type but is fairly filled out. He's 5"11. Barty He is tall and thin. His hair is still straw colored. Azkaban has taken little toll on his appearance. He's a solid 6"0 and tries to intimidate Hermione. Dolohov He is shorter (5"9) than the rest of the people. He has dark hair, skin and eyes. He is (obviously) of Russian descent. He is stern looking. Draco, Snape, Narcissa, Bellatrix and Amycus are no different from the movies depiction's of them. Allowed to have wands Snape He had a choice in coming here and the ministry did not feel it necessary to restrict him further. This was mostly due to Kingsley vouching for him in the hearing. Astoria Her participation in the war was minimal at most and she could keep her wand with no restrictions. She is often pestered by other patients/inmates to do spells for them. Narcissa She has her wand but a few dueling/dark arts spells are restricted. Lucius He has quite a few restrictions. The dangerous or even vaguely dangerous spells cannot be cast. Alohmora or expalliamus cannot be cast. Not allowed to have wands Everyone else because they were either a death eater or a snatcher. Who people associate with Lucius Malfoy Draco Malfoy Narcissa Malfoy Astoria Malfoy Severus Snape Bellatrix Lestrange Fenrir Greyback Scabior Rodulphus Lestrange Thorfinn Rowle Corban Yaxley Antonin Dolohov Amycus Carrow Barty Crouch jr. Regulus Black Rabastan Lestrange Drabbles Amycus and Hermione It didn't take a genius to realize that Amycus was never going to get a job. He didn't exactly have an award winning personality. Quite the contrary, he either was pettily sadistic or lecherous. His charms were average, his potions abysmal and his transformations troll like. Sadly, his true skill lay in Occulemency and while it seems like this would be great for him getting a job it turns out few people want a former death eater poking around their head's. "Are you sure you wouldn't like to talk about it?" Hermione stopped and asked him as they worked their way through the sheet. He looked incredibly, pathetically, obviously and amazingly sad. "No." "Very well, let's get back to work." She paused and looked at him to make sure he was okay. "After three weeks of counseling would you rate yourself as better or worse off?" It was a ministry required question but still a necessary evil to see if she was helping them. With some of the more obviously mentally well patients she skipped these but for Amycus he needed as many people bothering to ask him something as he could get. "Worse." "If you said worse was this out of anything I have done or not done for you or for personal reasons?" "Personal Reasons." She deviated from the list. "Mr. Carrow, I suggest that you participate a little more in our sessions. I really think it could help you." Amycus had his gaze fixated on the wooden chair leg right next to Hermione's arm chair. Hermione wanted someone to help him. But it got tricky, he was more to blame for the war than the others. Lucius, while a git did eventually defect and Barty was obviously mentally unfit to understand the gravity of his actions. Carrow was sadistic and tortured her very schoolmates, his sister even more so. Yet, she wanted to help him (and all the other morally reprehensible criminals here), if only because he was antagonizing Bellatrix and an irritable Bellatrix was a force to be reckoned with. Most questions he didn't even answer. Saying it was a bit of a downer to be near him would be an understatement. From what she had heard his former self was sly and spoke with a lively cockney accent, his voice was now sullen and barely had a London accent at all. From photos she could tell that he used to be a little tan and pudgy. He now had waxy pale skin and barely ate. Carrow was getting up to leave. "Say something or you'll regret it." Hermione thought. As if sensing her desire to speak he got out the door before she could say a word. Hello, If you are one of the few who read this fic in the sea of other Harry Potter stories and you would like a particular drabble with some characters of your choice, all you would have to do would be to leave a request. I can't think of what else to write but maybe you could. If you spotted any canonical errors and would like to have them changed that would be peachy keen. As always Read and Review.