enthusiastically, making Draco smile. The next fews days caught Harmony, becoming more and more excited for her date with Draco and soon the weekend arrived. She was stood in the girls dormitories with Hermione trying to decide what to wear. "Hermione, I don't know what to wear. I've never been on a date before!" She frantically. "Har' it's going to be fine. You're going into hogsmeade so wear something casual, okay?" At Harmony's nod, she starts looking through her clothes. She decided on a pair of ripped denim jeans, paired with a long sleeved, ribbed, burgundy top : along with tanned ankle boots and a beanie. Hermione forced her to sit while she her makeup : she went with natural colours and winged eyeliner. She was sent to the bathroom to change into the outfit that 'mione had laid out for her. She walked out the bathroom to see that Hermione was ready to leave. It turned out that Blaise had asked her out on a date but she didn't want to date anyone so soon, so it was going to be her, Blaise, Pansy and others who wanted to join them. When the two reached the bottom of the grand staircase, they saw that the three slytherins were already there waiting. They heard the click of the girl's shoes and turned in the direction. Blaise and Pansy quickly dragged Hermione away, leaving Harmony and Draco on their own. Draco sauntered over to her and held out his hand for her. She took it and he placed a soft kiss against it, causing her to blush. "You look beautiful, Harmony." He whispered. "Thank you. You don't look so bad yourself." She replied playfully. He only rolls his eyes and offers his arm for her. She takes it gladly and they walked out the castle. In the Three Broomsticks, Draco pulled out Harmony's chair before sitting in the chair opposite. They had both decided on getting butterbeers even though they were of age now. They were sat talking idly about everything. "Remember in second year when everyone thought i was the heir of Slytherin?" Harmony asked. "Well not everyone." Draco scoffed. "I'm sorry but I couldn't imagine you the Heir of Slytherin back then." Harmony pouts at this, before continuing. "Yeah not everyone thought that. 'Mione, Ron and I all thought it was you." Draco only raised his perfectly groomed eyebrows. "So we brew a batch of polyjuice potion so we could sneak into the Slytherin common room to find out the truth. Ron and I took the hairs from Crabbe and Goyle." Draco's eyes widen as if he realised what she was talking about. Before he quotes himself from six years ago. "Why are you wearing glasses?" He imitates his twelve year old self. "Reading." Harmony replies, shocked that he even remembered that. "Reading? I didn't know you could read." And pulls the same confused look. They both laughed at themselves. "I guess it makes sense now, since i know that Goyle couldn't read." Draco adds. "I forgot to take off my glasses." She shrugged. "I can't believe you brewed polyjuice potion when you were twelve." "Actually Hermione brewed, we just watched her." "Granger might be a bit of a genius but she was only twelve." Their moment is ruined, however, when Ron walks over . "So first you lie about being a girl, and now you're on a date with death eater scum." He scoffs. "Don't call him that." She hisses. While standing up and pushing her chair away. "Yeah, what you going to do about." He taunts. "Weasley you do realise that just she's no longer in the disguise of Harry doesn't mean she didn't all those things she did as him. W both know she would be able to beat you in a duel." Draco says before Harmony can. Ron opens and closes his mouth like a fish. He knows that Malfoy's right but he didn't want to admit that. Eventually, he walks away looking defeated. Neither one of them knew that there was a reporter who had just heard the whole confrontation. The couple left the pub and walked the direction of the Shrieking shack. Draco laces their hands together as they walk down. He leans down to whisper in her ear : "I'll protect you if you get scared, after all the shack is haunted." He said playfully. "Please," She scoffed "The only thing this place was haunted by was a werewolf, every full moon. And shouldn't you be the one who's scared, considering you were attacked by an invisible man in third year." "What?-How?-Did Granger and Wea-" Harmony had a smile that was full of mischief on her face. "It was you! But, how?" "One of us own an invisibility cloak, courtesy to their father." Harmony says rather smug. "Wait, the rumours about you having an invisibility cloak are true." "Yup." Then she saw a change in his expression, as if he was trying to be serious. "You threw snowballs at me," He said slowly "and you dragged me across the snow by my feet." If he was trying to scare her, he was failing as she could see the amusement in his eyes. She took a step back and he took two forward. They did this until they were face to chest. Harmony tilted her head up to look him in the eyes. She was caught in his compelling silver eyes. "You gonna do something about it?" She whispers. "Yeah, I am." He leaned down and her lips in his. He was so gentle. His arms wrapped 'round her waist, while hers were around his neck. Their lips moved slowly against each others, and they were lost in their own world. They didn't hear the click or see the flash of the camera. They didn't know they would be on the front page of every newspaper, or that everyone would know the truth about Harmony. All that mattered right now, was each other.