to protect these people! Not surrender!' Castillo yelled. 'Protect them by standing down.' One of the attackers, at a curt nod, turned their wand to the side blasted at one of the few houses left standing on this side of town. The world again became dust and shrieks as masonry went flying, by sheer chance not striking any of the huddled townsfolk who hadn't had the chance to flee. Lily hurled herself over the wizard she was tending to and threw up a Shield spell to block fist-sized chunks of stone. 'Castillo!' called a new voice from the town, breathless and desperate. 'You heard him! Stand down! We can talk about this!' Lily's head whipped around to see Scorpius Malfoy sprinting out into the devastation. His wand was in his hand, but as she watched he shifted his grip to a useless one and opened his arms wide as he approached the attackers. Chest heaving, hair wild, he advanced on half a dozen wands locked right on his chest, and gone were any of the easy smiles. Fading sunlight made floating crystals of the settling dust, casting a glow all around him, but when he spoke there was no more of his flounce and attention grabbing. 'Nobody needs to get hurt any more. What're you after? Money? I can sort out money.' The wizard who'd yelled at Castillo turned to Scorpius, and Lily saw them both freeze. 'You,' said the wizard, wand not lowering. 'Didn't expect you out here.' ' Argyris ?' Scorpius' expression twisted. 'What do you want?' The wizard called Argyris, short and stocky, with almost remarkably unremarkable, plain features, gave a stiff shrug. 'I've got the wands. I don't answer that. You keep your people out the way so I can send someone into town.' Castillo side-stepped closer to Scorpius, wand levelled on the attackers. 'Mister Malfoy, you should go back inside -' 'No.' Argyris jerked his wand. 'Stay there, Auror.' Scorpius lifted a hand to Castillo. 'It's alright. It's fine. I know what I'm doing.' ' Sir -' 'He knows this situation better than you,' Argyris agreed. 'We go back some way.' 'Old friends ,' said Scorpius through gritted teeth, not looking away from the attackers. 'So I thought you were better than this, Argyris. Doing over a messed up town for what little money they've got?' Argyris snorted. 'Give me a little credit, Malfoy. I'm not rising to that bait. He taught us better.' ' He's dead. I thought you and the rest would have the sense to go to ground.' 'You thought that would last forever?' As Scorpius frowned, he continued. 'Step aside. This is the last warning.' Scorpius, shoulders tense, raised his hands, and did indeed step out of the way to the road leading deeper into the town. 'So long as nobody is hurt, Argyris. Let's be professionals.' 'Nobody will get hurt, so long as someone comes with us.' Argyris nodded to one of his lackeys, and a witch in long, dark robes tromped towards the huddled townsfolk. 'We need a guide and security.' Lily leaned back, trying to keep her and her patient, some distance away and still flat on the dusty, scorched ground, as unobtrusive as possible. Guilt surged in her alongside the relief when the witch emerged from the crowd dragging a middle-aged wizard by the arm. That didn't stop Scorpius. 'Hey, Argyris, there's no need for this. You need security? Take me. Everyone here works for me, they won't risk my head -' Perhaps he just meant to step forward to make a point. Perhaps he'd shifted his grip on his wand, looked like he was making ready to use it. But either rattled or correct, Argyris snapped out his wand, quicker, more ready, and blasted out a spell that hit Scorpius in the chest. The screaming started again. The spells started flying again, Castillo and the other Auror bursting into action. Argyris' men returned fire, some of the townsfolk started to run while others started to fight, but again the outside world rushed away from Lily. Maybe this was some dose of useful professionalism, letting her block out distractions so she could act. Maybe it was intentionally stupid, making her ignore dangers as she rushed through a firefight to get to someone injured. But the spells didn't hit her , the fighters didn't hit her , so it didn't matter; meant she could duck under magic rippling overhead and skid to her knees next to Scorpius Malfoy, plant her hands on his chest, already pumping out healing spells she knew better than, in this chaos and panic, her own name. Not just because she was a Healer. But because she knew, after all that had been lost and suffered by so many of her family, she couldn't possibly let her cousin's husband and brother's best friend die. A/N: So. Um. This happened. I know I swore I wouldn't come back to these characters, but then ideas came about, themes and issues I felt I'd not properly put to bed, and I need a bit of break from writing Not Fade Away over NaNo. I don't anticipate this to interfere with its posting schedule, and do not expect this story to be posted at a similar rate to past Stygian stories. This is a continuation of the characters whose stories needed finishing, of the themes which were not resolved, of the questions which were left unanswered. Because sometimes not answering questions is just a cop-out. Obviously this picks up very shortly after Oblivion's epilogue, and will continue from there. Do not assume this will deal with every single character Stygian handled; some are very much done. But evidently there will be some new focuses, too - just see the introduction of Lily as a more significant figure. Also the Cursed Child upset me in some ways and it drove me to finish this damned first chapter off. So, some day, onward! Back to old friends and fun times.