planned as they led them through the school, though Harry did think they nearly gave in when he applied his puppy dog eyes, which he had discovered worked shockingly well against the twins in his second year. They managed to resist however, and finally they stopped outside one of the many unused classrooms in the school. Fred and George unwrapped themselves from Harry, leaving his sides feeling a little cold, as they stepped to the door and grabbed the door handle, before looking at them as though ready to make a presentation. "Lady and Gentleman, you our honoured to be trusted..." "...with the secret workshop of Weasley Wizarding Wheezes!" They grinned before throwing open the door. Harry gasped with wonder and stepped inside the classroom, which had been transformed into what looked like a scientists laboratory, ok slightly like a mad scientist but he did not think the twins would be offended by that comparison. There were at least table long tables set up around the room, each covered with different products, half of them were covered with potions ingredients and equipment with several cauldrons bubbling merrily away, puffing out different coloured smoke and steam, one was even puffing out unicorn shaped bubbles. Those tables were pin neat and perfectly ordered. The other tables were covered with gears and metal, wood and various other materials, parchment covered in drawings and writings, plans and ideas were everywhere. And floating in the air were dozens of products, including what looked like little fairies who cooed and flew straight at Harry when they spotted him. He laughed happily as they playfully flicked his fringe, one perching on the edge of his glasses, as three more landed on his shoulders, the rest floating in front of his face. They were all giggling, which was a sound like tinkling wind chimes, and cooing at him. "Ladies, ladies, please!" George coughed waving them away. "They're fine, they're amazing! What are they for?" Harry asked raising his arms and smiling as they landed and made themselves comfy. "We haven't actually worked that out yet, they are complete charm and potion work, not real fairies. But they have a high level of consciousness as well," Fred explained. "This is...amazing," Harry sighed looking around the room again. He noted a few arm chairs, bean bags and even a large double bed. "Really? You like it?" George smiled. "I love it!" Harry beamed. "We took this room over when we were in third year, cast a load of spells to try and protect it. The House elves guard it for us as well," Fred explained. "We came up with an object that acts like a muggle hoover, makes their job a lot easier, so they help us in return," George shrugged. "We tried to give one to mum for Yule last year but she said she wouldn't encourage us," Fred looked away a little, forced cheer and rebellion on his face. "I will buy one off you!" Hermione said, making them start a little. They had actually, embarrassingly, forgotten slightly that she was there. "Sorry?" Fred blinked. "I want to buy one. My mum will love it! She is always wanting things from our world, and she will love something that can do the hoovering for her!" Hermione smiled. "Right, sure, we can do that! Tell us what her favourite colour is and approximately how tall she is and we will custom one for her!" George grinned happily plucking a blank piece of parchment from a pile. "You guys are brilliant!" Harry laughed spinning around trying to take everything in. The fairies giggling and flew into the air at the movement. "You really like it?" Fred asked. "I love it!" Harry said firmly. "Sirius would give both arms and legs to see this!" "How is he?" Fred asked gently, brushing Harry's fringe from his eyes. "As good as can be expected. He...he is actually planning on calling tonight, if you would like, maybe you would want to meet him, both of you?" "We would like that," Fred smiled. "Are you still planning on the joke shop?" Harry asked. "Yes, when we get enough, which hopefully with the money we are making from owl orders should be in the next few years, we are planning on going to Gringotts and getting a loan. If we have a base collateral to give them, then they will give us a fairly decent loan, especially if Bill will put in a word for us," "It sounds like you have a good plan," Harry smiled. "We do, there is a shop in Diagon that we have our eye on, hopefully it will still be there when we can afford to rent a place somewhere like Diagon," George responded wrapping himself around Harry from behind. "You're going to put poor Zonko out of business I hope you know," Harry said looking around himself. "We are nowhere near him!" Fred protested. "I don't know about that," Hermione muttered gazing intently at the fairy who had landed on her finger. The twins both stared at her wide eyed while Harry grinned happily. "See the brightest witch has spoken," He chuckled. "Harry!" Hermione flushed bright red. "This isn't teaching you the summoning charm, stop hanging off of him and lets get to this. Three days, we will have you perfect at it and you can show Ron and everyone else that they can go suck it!" Hermione ranted. "There are practically flames coming from her!" "I see what Ron means about her being a little scary sometimes," The twins blinked. "You should see her really fired up," Harry snickered as he moved to where Hermione indicated. "This isn't really fired up?!" Fred coughed as George hurried to dig out a box from under a pile of parchment for Harry to summon. "Nope!" Harry popped the P and grinned at Fred as he clearly tried to imagine Hermione even more fired. "Three days to go, lets do this!" Hermione smirked.