flesh caressing his. Hermione was a huge mess of want and need. She was shaking all over in anticipation as he began exploring and tasting every inch of her. He started at her nose, where he placed a simple sweet peck of his lips, and ended at her ankles, where he peppered small kisses around each foot before licking his way up one of her legs while prying them open so he could have a full view of her pretty pink glistening slit. He hooked one leg over his shoulder and lowered his head towards her bare mound. With the first swipe of his tongue on her clit, her hands found themselves buried within his soft hair. She grasped at the pale strands desperately when he inserted two fingers into her and began working them furiously in and out of her weeping entrance. She could feel his large erection pressing into her calf and she tried to move a little to get some friction going for him, but her brain was becoming overloaded with pleasure and she soon gave up. He stretched her with his glorious fingers and worked his hot mouth over her now swollen bundle of nerves. She knew it wouldn't be long before she completely fell apart. Her inner walls were soon contracting around his fingers and he sucked her throbbing clit between his teeth and softly nibbled. The sensation caused Hermione to cry out his name as the waves of pleasure crashed down on her. Her orgasm was all consuming, rolling over her entire body and causing her to release a sudden gush of fluids that now coated Draco's face. He slowed the pace of his fingers and lifted his head up so he could see her face. Flushed and sweating, her whole body was positively glowing in the dimly lit bedroom. He flicked his tongue out to taste the offerings her body had given him and a feral grin appeared on his face. "Absolutely delicious." "Who would've known you would have tasted this good?" His carnal words were working their own brand of magic on Hermione and she couldn't contain the moan at his sinful declarations. She urged him up with her knees, needing to feel the full weight of his body against her. She wanted every inch of her skin touching his and she wanted it now. Draco seemed to know exactly what she needed and covered her entire body with his, pressing her further into the bed and then wrapping her legs around him. He supported himself on his elbows and captured her lips with his. She could taste herself on his tongue and it was intoxicating. She felt powerful and wanted. She honestly couldn't remember feeling this way ever and she couldn't help asking herself where this sensation had been hiding all her life. She cried out loudly when he captured a hardened nipple in his mouth. He suckled at it harshly and rolled the other one between his finger,s tugging at it and twisting. It was almost too much for her to handle, but then she felt the tip of his cock cradled within her womanly folds and completely lost it. She bucked her hips up at him frantically, trying desperately to get more of him. Her fingernails dug into his well-toned back. She was positive she had broken skin. Then he finally positioned himself at her opening and pressed forward. He unlatched his mouth from her nipple with a loud pop to release a loud groan at the sensation of her slick passage gripping greedily at his cock. She sucked him in further and further until he was finally fully seated within her. Hermione's mouth opened wide at the feeling but no sound could escape. Her eyes fluttered shut and she finally let out a whimper when he removed himself completely and then reinserted his cock inch by agonizing inch, relishing in the noises she was making as he slowly began to take her body's pleasure center higher. Hermione's entire body was on fire beneath him as her nails dug into his back, leaving half-moon indents along his beautiful form. He kept up the rhythm for a few minutes before he began to plunge into her, relentlessly snapping his hips quicker and then harder as he felt her body begin to tense around him. He knew she was close, her cries of passion nearly incoherent now as his own release neared. He couldn't believe how attuned to her body he already was and the realization nearly knocked him over. He felt her whole body go rigid for a moment when her orgasm finally ripped through her. His name fell from her lips over and over. The sight of her release sent him into his own and he slowly thrusted into her, enjoying the feeling of her tight walls clenching and releasing around him and milking every last drop he had to offer. He dropped a kiss to her temple and kissed down the side of her face. Taking his time, he traced his fingertips along her flushed skin. He began murmuring about how beautiful she was and how nothing compared to what they just did. Hermione was speechless, partly because she had just had the most intense orgasm of her young life, and partly because Malfoy was being so, well, un-Malfoy-like. She had heard all the stories about his bachelor lifestyle from Ron, who was on the same team as Draco. She was expecting him to hop off her, slap her on the ass and be on his way. She was not expecting to feel the delicious weight of his body still nestled within her folds nearly ten minutes post-coital bliss. She wasn't expecting his hands to still be roaming her skin, tracing every scar with his fingertips as if he were trying to burn the memory of her body into his very soul. And she certainly wasn't expecting the owl from him three days later asking her to dinner.