his forehead. He was already going on the run. It no longer mattered if he used magic or not. Grabbing his wand, he waved his wand around his room like he had seen Tonks do it and concentrating on just his magical items, he smiled as they flew through the air and landed neatly in the trunk. "I am so gonna have to talk to Tonks about this…" he said softly as he closed and locked the trunk before shrinking it enough that he could put it in his old backpack. He was about to leave when he realized that dressed in his wizarding clothes wouldn't exactly blend him in and he started yanking clothes out of his closet, trying to ignore his blood that was dripping on the floor or the pain in his side. Distracted, he didn't notice when a soft light started to come from the corner of his room where his bed was until it got bright enough that it started to fill up the room. Whirling around, his mouth fell open when he saw that a light was surrounding Hedwig and was getting brighter with every passing second. Eventually he had to look away as the light intensified enough to rival that of the sun. He could only imagine what people looking at the house from the outside must be thinking. Then, just as suddenly, the light vanished and Harry blinked his eyes rapidly as they struggled to see after being exposed to such bright light. His vision was just starting to return when he heard a soft groan of pain. Looking back at the bed, he couldn't believe what he was seeing. Instead of Hedwig, there was now a beautiful young woman in her place. Even though she was completely nude, he couldn't take his gaze away from her eyes which were framed by pure white hair. Her eyes were exactly the same as Hedwig's, even though they were clearly betraying how much in pain she was in. Any doubt what had happened went away as soon as she spoke as he pain filled eyes locked onto his. "Please Master Harry…" she spoke in a soft melodious voice. Harry didn't know why, but deep down he got the feeling that she had been speaking to him the entire time he had known her. Why hadn't he understood her better when she was an owl? "Please…" she said softly again. "Just leave me and go… your more important…" Harry paled and took a step towards her before realizing that she was completely naked. Blushing, he quickly dug through his clothes till he found a long jacket and awkwardly helped her into it, even though she hissed with pain with every movement. "Master Harry." Hedwig protested weakly. "You don't have time for this… you must flee…" "No Hedwig…" he said softly as he looked into her incredible golden eyes. "There is no way at all that I am leaving you behind. We go together or we don't go at all." "Fine." Hedwig said with a painful sigh. "Then please just hurry. I'm sure we don't have much time left." Harry nodded and after a few minutes thinking dragged his shrunk trunk back out of the bag and after a few quick spells, had the bulging re shrunk trunk back in the bag. Thank god he had learned the feather light charm… "Hedwig." He said as he put on his jacket and shrugged on the backpack. "Do you have any idea where we can get medical help and a place to hide?" Hedwig tried to sit up but let out a cry of pain and fell back again with a loud whimper. Panting, she closed her eyes and appeared to be thinking hard, going through the places she went to as an owl and the people she had met. "Remus Lupin can help us." She said finally, her voice very soft. "And Padfoot's place is still safe." "But Dumbledore said…" he started to say but an exasperated sigh stopped him. "Master Harry." Hedwig said, her voice slightly louder with her frustration. "Just trust me on this." Harry opened his mouth to argue then closed it and merely nodded. Taking a quick glance around the room to make sure nothing was missed, he picked up a new sound in the distance that he hadn't heard before. Sirens. Lots of them. And getting closer with every passing second. He hurried over to Hedwig and muttered a quick apology as he scooped her up into his arms, wincing at her cries of pain and the muted crunch of broken bones grinding together. He still hadn't even wiped the blood out of his eyes. "I'm sorry Hedwig." He said softly. "I know I don't have a license, but I need to apparate us if we want to get away. I just know that this is going to hurt us both…. A lot…" Hedwig clung tighter to him. "It's ok Master Harry." She said softly, her close contact sending electric shocks through his body. "I trust you completely." As she spoke softly, her head lifted up and locked her golden eyes onto Harry's green eyes. Something happened then, something that Harry for the rest of his life couldn't explain no matter how hard he tried. As they were gazing into each other's eyes, their faces grew closer and closer together till finally their lips connect. Their eyes slowly closed as the kiss deepened slightly, so they both missed the brief flare of light that enveloped both of their bodies and filled the room before fading. That light would alter the destinies of dozens of people, and the two who caused it never even knew. With the sirens coming to a stop right outside of the house, and with their lips still connected, Harry turned on the spot and vanished with an explosive crack that shattered the wards surrounding the house and blew out every window in a block radius. They were free.