it's just hard," Harry said. "McGonagall, I never imagined her to die like this. She was just always there, even in my darkest thoughts I could picture her leading first years into the Great Hall for their Sorting or making sure the Quidditch Cup was prominently displayed in her office." Neville nodded as he wiped his own eyes and nose. "I know, I thought the same thing," he said. "McGonagall was a lot like Gran, just a survivor, too tough to die." Harry moved over to the next body and removed the shroud. This time it was Kingsley Shacklebolt. The tall black man's bald head was smooth and clean, even though Harry saw a great cut marring Kingsley's face, from his right ear all the way across his cheeks to his lips. His golden hoop earring was missing as well. "Kingsley was another person I never thought would die," Harry said. "I mean, he was one of the best Aurors ever, he had fought in the last war and fought Voldemort last August too. You know, I kind of thought that Kingsley would end up becoming Minister when this was all over. He knew right from wrong, and was willing to fight for it." Harry moved onto the third body after recovering Kingsley's face. It was Slughorn. "Slughorn, I thought would somehow survive just because that's what he was, a survivor," Harry said. "That he would just slink back into the shadows like before." Throwing the blanket back over the corpulent form of Horace Slughorn, Harry stood up and turned. "No," a broken whisper fell from Harry's lips when he saw the shrouded form that was easily identifiable due to its size. "It was Voldemort and Bellatrix," Neville said in a thick voice. "He was their last victim though. He dove in front of a couple of third years, protecting them and took a couple spells in the back. Voldemort and Bellatrix finished them off." "Hagrid," Harry's voice was as quiet as Death as he took in the shrouded form of Rubeus Hagrid, his first friend. Harry stumbled over to Hagrid's body and fell to his knees next to it. "No Hagrid, not you too," he whispered, bowing his head at the friendly half-giant's head. "He died a hero Harry," Neville said. "And he will be remembered as one." "And he knew that you were alive Harry," Luna said. "When you revealed yourself at the end, Hagrid knew that you would win and he was happy." Neville stepped over to Harry and put a hand on Harry's shaking shoulders. "What was that Harry?" Neville asked. "Where are their bodies?" Harry asked. Neville and Luna shivered at the frigid tone in Harry's voice. "Whose bodies?" Luna asked, though she already knew whom Harry was asking about. "Voldemort and Bellatrix," Harry growled. He raised his head and Luna swallowed thickly at the murderous look in Harry's dark green eyes. She could feel the magic pouring off Harry in his anger. "They are this way Harry," Neville said. "But why do you need to see them Harry. They are both dead, they can't hurt anyone any more." "This isn't about them hurting anyone Neville," Harry said. "This is about ending things, permanently and ensuring that these two will never return. Now show me." "Ok Harry, follow me," Neville said. Harry got to his feet and followed Neville and Luna through another door to the adjourning room where all the dead Death Eaters were kept. And just like the other room, there was a table at the front of the room where three bodies were laying: Voldemort, Bellatrix and Dolohov. "Leave me," Harry said, his voice thick and heavy. "Leave the room and do not look back, no matter what." Luna wanted to argue but Neville shook his head and steered her toward the door. He had an inkling of what Harry was going to do, and was not going to deny Harry this, even though he wanted Bellatrix's body for himself. Harry had his eyes closed until he heard the door close. He opened them and stared down at the three bodies in front of him. Memories of green lightening, his mother's screams and please for mercy, Sirius falling back through the Veil, and then Hermione being struck by a streak of purple flame. "You three have haunted me and my friends for far too long," Harry said withdrawing his wand from his pocket. "No more. No longer will any of you haunt me or anyone else ever again. You will not receive a funeral or any type of memorial, you and your ilk will fade from memory like the ashes from a fine." Harry raised his wand and Transfigured the table into a wide metal bowl, in which the three bodies slid to the bottom. " Flagrante! " Harry said. A stream of bright white flames flew from his wand and quickly engulfed the three corpses. The heat from the flames was so high that Harry was sure that he had lost some of his scruff and even his eyebrows were probably singed, but his gaze never wavered as the flames quickly consumed the three corpses. Within three minutes, the bodies were nothing but ashes; everything was gone, bones, robes and even their wands, were now nothing but ash. " Evanesco ," Harry muttered, slashing his wand through the air and Vanishing the ashes and the metal bowl. "It's over." Author's Note: There you have it, the first chapter of " A Chance? A Hope?" my newest story, my newest attempt to write a compelling, full-length fanfic that goes into a topic that is as convoluted as Harry Potter itself is, time travel. While time travel opens up a whole new dimension of topics to write, characters and ideas to delve into. I am about to start a new job, so updating might be a little haphazard but I'll do my best and hopefully you all like this Til next time, SlyNinjaKnight