world, "Is there something you're not telling your best friend?" Draco immediately pushed himself off Hermione. "No Blaise, nothing that concerns you. Mind your own bloody business before you regret it." He growled, annoyed at the disturbance, and walked away, but not before facing Hermione and speaking to her in a low voice," You might want to watch what you say to me, witch. You have no idea what you're getting yourself into." He sent her one last cold, meaningful stare and left, leaving Blaise to look at Hermione with a knowing smirk as she tried to hide her ragged breath and erratic heartbeat. "Come on, love, let's get you in before the snake slithers in." Blaise joked and look at the still cowering knight in the portrait, "Toads cross" he mumbled. The knight nodded and cleared his throat as he opened their door. Hermione followed him "But, aren't you a snake as well, Blaise?" She joked, but faltered a bit when Blaise gave her a meaningful look. "Some snakes are sneakier than others. As Draco's best mate and as your friend Granger, I do advise you to be careful." She rolled her eyes as she sat herself down on the carpeted floor near the fire where her books were piled up. "Thank you for your concern, Blaise, but I am not planning on doing anything." "Didn't look like nothing outside just now." Blaise laughed bitterly," Granger, you already turned him mad. You're already his." She glared at him as she grabbed for her Runes book, "I belong to no one." "Then you shouldn't have shagged his brains out." Blaise shrugged, "You did something to him. You forget that he is a Deatheather, almost a son to Voldemort." "No, he was pardoned," Hermione bit back," He did nothing but protect his parents from being tortured!" Blaise tutted as he waved her off. "You are so naïve Granger. But heed my words, in his mind, you belong to him." Hermione shrugged, "He can think whatever he wants. We had mind-blowing sex once, and I shouldn't even have told you." She stretched, "Now if you will excuse me, I have things to do tomorrow and I will rest now. Goodnight, Blaise. She stood up and halted when she noticed Blaise's grim expression. "I mean it. Be careful." Hermione slowly nodded. "Okay Blaise." She muttered, before she disappeared into her room. Blaise just sighed. ' This will end horribly.' "Gods, yes Malfoy," She moaned against his lips as he bucked his hips against hers. Hermione panted," Yes, like that." and threw her head back against the wall as he repeated the gesture, exposing her neck to him which he attacked with his mouth. " Why me?" Draco mumbled against her skin, gripping her arse hard In the process which was rewarded with a gasp. "There are plenty of others who can give you this." Her dark eyes bore into his and her tone turned sultry, "I can assure you, Malfoy, no one else can give me this." Draco growled in response," I hope you know what you're doing." Her eyes narrowed in challenge," Trust me," She said as she reached for the buttons of his pants between them," I know exactly what I'm doing." Draco would have been impressed by her subtle double meaning if he didn't have to focus hard on his control when her slender fingers brushed over the front of his pants. - Draco woke up from his dream, while pulling his wand from underneath his pillow and aiming it at where the sound came from. " Calm down mate, it's just me." Blaise muttered, wand pulled out as well. ' For incase' , Blaise thought darkly. As Draco's eyes adjusted to the dark and his mind became clear from sleep, he lowered his wand. " Alright," He said coolly, with a tint of annoyance, "Explain." Blaise put his wand back into his pocket and crossed his arms. "I've had something on my mind for a while." Draco threw the covers off his toned shirtless body," And you think that would interest me? Let alone at this time of night?" He replied smoothly. "When did you think that you could keep your mudblood while the Dark Lord had named your father his successor?" Grey eyes turned cold as he stared at his oldest companion. "I fucked her once, Zabini. Now get your romantic arse out of my room." He sneered. "Once? It was a few times in one night mate. And it was apparently very enjoyable to turn you fucked up mad about her, Draco." Blaise replied coolly as he ran a hand threw his hair." And she and I have turned close." Draco threw him a cold stare," Have you now? Interesting. Does she always want slytherins every time she wants a go?" Blaise barked out a laugh," No," His laugh faltered," but I've heard that Nott wanted to have a go at her. With or without her consent." His expression turned serious and noticed Draco's eyes turn dark. He ignored that and continued," I'd advise you keep an eye out on your witch. You might fool everyone else and yourself, but you won't ever be able to fool me." They both stared at each other, surrounded by a tense silence. Blaise noticed Draco's aura turn dangerously dark. "Fuck off, Blaise," Draco responded monotonously," Maybe you should focus on your infatuation with the she weasel and mind your own fucking business. I don't care about that witch – "They were cut off by a sudden stinging feeling on their left forearms, that only increased into pain. A pain that they both remember clearly and haven't felt for the past year. Blaise's expression turned grim, while Draco's turned cold. Grey eyes slowly moved from his Dark mark up to his best mate. Draco threw Blaise a dark smile while his eyes glinted with sinister meaning." I guess it's time. Let's go give him a proper welcome back." TO BE CONTINUED