on by birthright were too insignificant to deny two people of one another. Never being able to see him again seemed a worser fate to inflict upon herself. There must, somehow, be a way that she could continue being alongside Viktor at the very least. A letter. She could write him a letter. A new feeling of power swept over her, she could write him as a friend at the very least. Who knew what the future held, and if she were to give up on the mere inkling of hope she held she'd forever consider herself a fool. Opening her satchel, she retrieved a piece of paper, quill and ink. She contemplated how to begin, agonizing over the first line before deciding. Dear Viktor, I've no idea of your true intentions as we are always so careful as to not let them show. If I am wrong in my assumptions, please, burn this letter and pretend that I had never tried to cross the line between prince and lady, tutor and pupil, or friend and friend. The future is uncertain and it is something often feared, but I cannot see a future in which I do not have at least some connection with you. I care for you, and wish you the best in any endeavor you undertake, but I must ask what your intentions are with myself, a girl who can offer no monetary or political gain. I only have my wits and intelligence to offer in rivalry to the qualities I lack. I wish you good health and a happy future. Yours truly, Hermione Granger Hermione pursued the letter and near tore it to bits. How could she put such words into writing? If she had been wrong of her reading of Viktor earlier, she could very well be severing the ties between their families. She closed the letter and sealed it with his name so as to not misplace it within her satchel, but before she had a moment to close her satchel, a soft voice came to her ears. It was a sweet sound, but heartbroken, like it had lost their love to war gone by. It rose and fell with the tides, filling Hermione with a deep sadness. Was she right in her decision to write the letter? It was a lost love from the start. Words came through now, soft, delicate words as if whispering to the stars above about longing and desire. Words that spoke to Hermione's soul and made tears drip down her cheeks. She stood, hearing the song clearer now. It was coming from the ocean. Longing swept over her- she wanted to be closer to the music. It was something meant for her ears only; her feet grazed over the sand on as they made their way to the cold waters. Sweet love I held So close so dear Whom held my heart When far or near A man whose heart Is not mine to hold As I have but brains But not a lick of gold The icy waters were at Hermione's waist were unnaturally still, moving only when she stepped forward. The tears that had sprung from her eyes moments before would not stop pouring down. She only wanted to be happy with Viktor. The voice came to a hum, and cold, clammy hands wrapped like vices around Hermione's ankles. Hermione took one last step and was dragged down into the ocean. Only when she disappeared beneath the surface did the tides resume their natural state. Underneath the ocean, Hermione sank deeper and deeper into its depths. Her sight was all but gone; her breath was knocked out of her lungs as water filled it. Her body fought to wrench it out, to swim to the surface, but her mind rejected the notions. The hands that had held fast around her ankles moved up her legs, tearing her clothes away from her body as she went. Pieces of her blue dress floated in front of her unresponsive eyes. The hands tore at her dress, her undergarments, her bodice, leaving her body bare before the creature before her. The face that appeared before her was one she'd heard stories about, one that she had feared when she was young enough to believe. She believed now: Its skin was decayed and hung from its bones like an afterthought. Its coarse, tangled black hair billowed in the ocean around it as its cracked lips moved, humming the melody that had entranced Hermione- it was a revolting sight, one that any man or woman would scream and avert its eyes. The worst sight were its eyes, pure black iriss that wanted to devour its victims whole. It smiled wide, revealing rows of jagged, glinting teeth. She was going to die. A Siren was going to tear her throat out after entrancing her and defiling her after ripping her clothes from her body. There would be nothing left of her for her family to bury. She'd never go to a ball. She'd never marry. She'd never have children. She'd never live until old age. She'd never know what Viktor would do had she not gone down to the ocean. She'd never know anything. Hermione closed her eyes, not wanting her last image to be of the horrible sight in front of her. She fought to bring her parents and Viktor to the forefront of her mind. She thought of their kindness and love and held onto those memories as the hands clasped around her limp neck and what felt like the last bubble of air escape her lips. Suddenly, the hands slackened and fell away. Her mind blacked into nothing. Then, a pair of supple lips pressed into hers. A heart beat. A tingle in her fingertips. Finally, her eyes shot open and she gasped in a breath. Ending Author's Note: Please follow and review to inspire me. I am going to school, but I will try to be consistent in posting.