it – her dad just laughed and thought her hilarious, telling his wife to not squash their daughter's insightful, imaginative and determined nature – and Molly just picked up where her mother had left off. Hermione refused to count her firing as trouble, since she put the blame solely on the person responsible – Lavender. And besides, in her opinion, she didn't have a smart mouth anyway, preferring to call it politely correcting people when they were wrong . "So we've heard what the town knows, but what did she actually do?" Ginny asked. "Got the girls out and flashed them in Don's face," Hermione shrugged a shoulder, "I'm fairly certain he would have had to go home at lunch time to change his pants." Ginny screwed up her face and then laughed, "Eww! Thanks for the visual." Molly pursed her lips, in that disgusted, motherly way, "Girls," she warned, "You're not children, acting a little more grown up would be more appropriate." "Oh come on mum, you despise that man as much as the rest of the town," Ginny said, "And Hermione's right, Lavender's boobs would be the only action he would have seen in his entire life." Molly's lips twitched, and Ginny and Hermione both waited for the laughter. But they were disappointed when Molly schooled her features. "Come on Molly that was a little bit funny." Hermione coaxed. Molly narrowed her eyes, about to comment and thought better of it, "Well, I'll just cook dinner then, will I?" "Will I be able to eat what you're cooking?" Hermione gave her a sweet, sarcastic grin. Molly was not impressed with the fact that she was a vegetarian, and her attempts to cook concoctions of vegetables that did not belong together convinced Hermione that it was her way of pushing her back to the carnivorous way of life. "Of course you will. But unless you actually try it, you'll never know," she huffed and turned to the stove, flicking the switch making the gas burner jump to life. "Now go get dressed." Hermione trudged into the bedroom, cursing under her breath at having her house invaded by mothers that weren't hers. She stripped off, and had to admit that Molly may have been right, three days in the same clothes and she did in fact smell a little ripe. She stood under the shower for what was apparently an eternity, since Ginny was pounding on the door telling her to hurry her arse up. She dried off and pulled on clean pyjama pants and a ratty old t-shirt, returning to the kitchen, and she had to admit, whatever Molly was cooking smelled pretty good. She would just have to close her eyes when she ate it. Molly gave her the once over, "I thought I told you to get dressed?" "What?" Hermione looking down at herself; pyjama pants with the Cookie Monster plastered all over them and an old Rolling Stones t-shirt that had a rip down one side. "This is dressed." Molly rolled her eyes, "When did you last leave this flat?" Hermione shrugged and looked at Ginny, "Well," Ginny said looking as if she was calculating the days that had passed, "Seamus called Harry and me to collect you from the pub three days ago. Have you been anywhere since?" She shook her head, "Nope. But apparently I had more alcohol in my cupboards than I thought." "Well, you should probably go outside, I think some fresh air might be good for you." Molly suggested. "So, I'll open a window." Hermione was one of the few people, aside from Fred and George, who wouldn't let Molly control every aspect of her life. Answering back was something that just happened when she was around her. Molly just seemed to bring out the worst in her and she just couldn't seem to help herself. Molly threw her hands in the air, and muttered something about brats and their smart mouths under her breath. "Sorry, didn't catch that." Hermione crossed the room to open the window. "Never mind." Molly muttered and continued cooking. "So," Ginny began, "What are you planning to do with yourself?" Hermione's three day vodka-tequila -gin fuelled binge came with what she thought to be the most brilliant idea she had ever come up with: a bookshop. She would buy an empty shop front and fortunately for her, the shop that was below her flat had only recently been vacated and now stood empty. She would speak to the owners as soon as she could and buy it from them. And unlike Flourish and Blotts that was steeped in archaic traditions, would add a coffee machine and attract a bigger and better clientele. And the best part? She'd put that slimy bastard out of business. In fact, her goal was to have Lavender (and possibly Ernie, the jury was still out on him) come begging for a job and she would tell her in no uncertain terms, no. Well, in her head it was fuck off , but outwardly she would be polite. "That sounds awesome," Ginny said, "Let me know if I can help. I'd love to put that slimy bastard out of business." Molly frowned, "Is that really a good idea?" Ginny turned on her, "And why wouldn't it be?" "Well, it's just that Mr Blotts has had that book shop for years, and his family would be distraught if it went out of business." "And the fact that he fired me means nothing to you?" Hermione was incredulous. Molly was taking his side? "Of course it does, but maybe you could think of another shop. Maybe just a nice cafe, not books." Molly said. "No," she said firmly, "A book shop. It's what I've dreamed about my entire life, and maybe this was the kick in the arse I needed to do it. And if I happen to put Flourish and Blotts out of business in the process, well, that will be a bonus."