talk softly and quietly to her. Malfoy walks alongside me and pushes my shoulder with his. "You okay?" "Yeah, why woudn't I be?" He shrugs as a response and I help Blaise open the door for the room me and Ginny will stay in. He puts Ginny on the bed, as I start to remove her shoes and earrings. I kneel on the bed to try to accommodate the dead weight that is my best friend, but I'm momentarily blinded as Malfy turns on the lights. "What the hell?" I hear him mutter as I turn around and find my very NAKED cousin sprawled on the floor of the room. "Marco!" I yelp as I get off the bed and run to him as I hear an amused Blaise say Polo. I find his boxers under his head and throw them over his bits to cover the remains of his decency. "He's completely obliviated, Granger. Just put him to bed, as well." Malfoy says as he watches amused by the wall, while I try to talk to Marco. "God damn it, Marco." I mutter under my breath. . . . After I made sure Marco was comfortable (and covered) enough, I let him keep on sleeping on the floor. I mean, 1: where was I going to sleep if I put him on the bed?; 2: I let him suffer a bit for all the angst he put me through all night. Let him have a sore back in the morning, the bastard. Blaise went downstairs to end the party, and Malfoy kept me company while sleep tried to take me. "I'll stay with you." He had said while I watched people leave form the stairs. Now, my head was on his shoulder as I told him how my night had played out, where Ron and Harry had ditched us, and the story of how we all met. "What a strange group of friends you have there." "I know. But they're good people." I say around a yawn. "Looks like you're falling asleep on me granger. You better go to bed before I have to pick you up from the floor." He says helping me stand up. "Again." He adds. We walk the long hallway in silence, until we're in front of my room for the night. I can feel him breathing next to me and it reminds me of the way his lips were so close to mine right before I spotted Ginny a while ago. Damn her and her horrible timing. I wonder how good of a kisser he is. He looks like he knows a thing or two about kissing, giving the way he looks; I wouldn't be surprised if he had a Guinness World Record in beautifulness. I barely know the guy, so that could be possible, right? But to be honest, I want to get to know him. In the short hours of our relationship (could I call it a relationship?), I have gathered that he is a pretentious prat who criticizes everything, but he's also very funny, understandable and holds his ground when challenged. And those are qualities that I cherish in the opposite gender. I barely have experience in relationships and the romance area, I've only had the one boyfriend and that weird time Ron and I tried something (that ended when I gave him a kiss and he decided that was too weird. Like, what did he expect ?!), and that is it. But looking at Draco Malfoy, I think I could give it a try. I mean, if he even thinks of me in that way. I could be misunderstanding all of this, right? He could be looking for a quick fling. A Spring Fling! And here's me analyzing our future relationship! Damn it Hermione! But… I could at least give it a try, right? This is Spring Break. Who's going to blame me for having an adventure in Cancun, away from my family and its pressures, and with someone who I might not see in a close future? Yes, looking at Draco Malfoy, I think I'm going to give it a try. And before I can think or over analyze it any longer, I decide to be bold, and I say to him. "So… we never had our kiss." He looks at me with surprise written all over his face, eyebrows raised. I instantly blush and look at the floor. What was I thinking; he probably did it on impulse. Blame it on the alcohol. "Yes, well we got interrupted by your vomiting friend." He says, still looking at me. "But…" he stops me with a hand on my stomach, preventing me from walking on. "We've got time now." His hand moves to my waist while the other takes my face, his thumb on my cheekbone and his other fingers spread against the back of my ear. His face nears mine and I lick my lips in anticipation. "Marco." I say the moment his lips touch mine. Our lips move in sync, pulling and tasting. His taste is delicious; a mix of alcohol, lemon and him. Just Draco. He kisses me gently, but it isn't what I want, not after all this time. I knot a fist in his shirt, pulling him harder against me. He groans softly, and then his arms circle me completely, gathering me against him. His tongue touches mine, and I feel like I'm on fire, like I will never feel the same again after kissing him. It shows me that every other kiss I've had in my life has been wrong. My lungs scream for air, and I'm sure his do too, but we're still kissing, like our lives depended on it. We kiss and kiss and kiss until I feel a strong pressure on my head and the need for air is unbearable, and we break apart with a soft, wet sound. "Polo." He gasps against my lips with a grin. God Damnit, Marco.