didn't work before is that he didn't connect it to a stable source of electricity. Muggle electronics don't usually blend with magic, they weren't made to." Ginny took a small sip and noticed that her mum watched her with a bemused expression, "mum, what the muggles have done – it's amazing. Magic usually interferes with the mechanisms inside of some of what they created. But with proper shielding or changing some small parts of them, there is no end to what we could accomplish." She took another sip and sighed as its warmth hit her stomach, "they've created something called 'nuclear weapons', which take the smallest bits of the universe and explodes them, they can blow up things larger than a town!" Her mother began to look distinctly uncomfortable but she pushed on, impassioned by sharing what she learned, "and then they figured out how to harness that explosion and use it to power their homes, this stuff – why haven't we tried it their way before?" Her mum was a pureblood witch who tried her hardest not to be discriminatory. But, for all her goodwill towards the muggles, Ginny nursed the suspicion that her mum feared the them. "We don't need stuff like that to keep our houses warm." "But these concepts, if we apply them to some other spells, even household ones, we could create – " "Ginevra, this is not stuff that you can play around with – " Her mum was interrupted by the arrival of her dad and a stout man in a deep purple cloak. Her mum immediately stood and Ginny rushed to do the same. "I'd like you to meet Saul Croaker, an Unspeakable from the Department of Mysteries. Gin, he'd like to speak to you for a moment." Ginny stumbled when she tried to move her chair and bumped the table, spilling her mug of milk. Her mum went for her want to clean it up, but Mr. Croaker beat her to it. He didn't even say a spell to clean it up! Ginny looked up at the man with something like awe. The man, stout and fierce looking, smiled down at her, "hello Ginny, I've looked over some of your notes about muggle theories and their application to magic. Is it true you wrote this?" Ginny felt a thrum of annoyance run through her, who was he to not believe her dad! Her dad was one of the most trustworthy people she'd even known, "yes, I wrote them." Mr. Croaker, she noted, had a gimlet eye, which sparkled down at her, "I was especially interested in your theory about how we comprehend time and how earth rotates." From the corner of her eye, she could see her mum stiffen, but she was too excited by the prospect of discussion to consider it, "well, it would only make sense that if the way we comprehend time and space changes then we change. The textbook mentions something about a Sapir-Whorf hypothesis and how languages change our brain and – " Mr. Croaker chuckled and look at her father, "oh yes, I would be interested in having her apprentice under me." Her mum paled and her father laughed incredulously, "is that all it takes?" Ginny's head spun and she felt a bit sick, an apprenticeship? Would she still get to go to Hogwarts? She just met the man! "Oh yes, we'll teach her rudimentary concepts and she should be more than prepared for Hogwarts when she turns eleven. However, we'll need her to swear the same oaths the Unspeakables do." Her mum clutched at the table and whimpered, "oaths?" "Yes. She'll be considered an Unspeakable and an adult by the law." Then, the world exploded in sound. "Arthur! I will not stand – " "This is for her future! I – " While her parents were arguing, Ginny felt herself mentally search for a lifeline. Oaths? Becoming an adult?! She felt herself wobble a bit and felt a solid hand on her shoulder. Despite the noise in the room, when she looked up at Mr. Croaker, she felt strangely calm. "Mr. Croaker, will I learn new things as an unspeakable?" Mr. Croaker chuckled and lifted his hand from her shoulder, "yes." The strange calm she felt left, and in her panic, Ginny said rather loudly, "I want to join." Her parents paused, the house stilled, and the ringing in her ears died down. "Gin, you don't know – " Mr. Croaker put his hand on her shoulder and she felt a wave of calm wash over her, "if the girl wants to join, then she will join." Her mum looked about ready to explode, "you are not her mother !" "With all due respect, ma'am, her decision will be treated as an adult's is." It was a battle of will and ferociousness, between the quiet confidence Mr. Croaker exuded and the fiery passion of her mother. "I think that this would be best for Gin." Her mum looked at her dad, she looked betrayed. Her dad twisted the hems of his sleeves and shrugged, "this would secure her a career, and they would teach her things that we couldn't." "Arthur, she's six ." "Six and a half, actually." All the adults looked at her and she had a strange desire to giggle, "I'm six and a half and I want to apprentice under Mr. Croaker." Her mum teared up and Mr. Croaker let go of her shoulder, but that calmness didn't leave her this time. She made her decision. "Gin, you don't know what – " "Mum, I want to do this." As stubborn as her mum was, Ginny thought that she was more stubborn. She wouldn't lose this fight. "If that is Ginny's decision, I'll need her to come with me and give the oaths tonight." Her mum croaked out, "tonight?" Mr. Croaker stepped out from behind her, his posture was powerful looking, "yes, I intend to teach her as soon as possible."