they consider beneath them," she spat back at him. "You are beneath me! You're nothing but a thief," Draco was shaking. The words registered and Hermione stood dumbstruck, "And what is it exactly that have I stolen?" her voice now filled with confusion and not the anger that was there only moments ago. "Magic. That's what you and your kind do! Your race steals our magical knowledge and uses it for their own gain. You're nothing but vicious muggle filth." "That's bullshit and you know it. How the hell would only have stolen magic, that impossible. What kind of senseless logic is that, really? You've known me since I was eleven years old, I have always displayed magic since then, yes? So you are saying that I, a muggle child, under ten was able to steal magic successfully, without any means to do so? You know damned well that is crap! If I could steal magic, Malfoy. I would steal yours right now." Draco recoiled as if from a physical attack, his features now contorted with fear. He really did believe this nonsense. "I really cannot believe that it is this pathetic ideology that is at the heart of this war," Hermione said to no-one, her shoulders shrugged in defeat. "You are the reason for this war. You. You and your bastard kind. Without you, the wizard race would live in peace and harmony. You are the barbaric ones. You are the reason I live in hell!" Draco's face was a mask of pure hatred. Hermione could not contain the anger that was bubbling in her chest, her thoughts were racing at a mile a minute, most of them containing insults about this audacious prick. "What do you know of hell?" she spat in disgust. "I live my life knowing that there is a constant danger creeping up on me. I am not safe, my family and friends are not safe. At a moment's notice, any one or every one of us could be dead. I am persecuted for my birthright, which is out of my control. I am plagued by fear everywhere I go. All for some fucked up ideology. That is hell!" her cheeks were burning with rage and she could no longer control herself. "You know nothing. That fear you speak of, that is far away in some distant future. I am living it now. You fear death? I would welcome death right now. You know nothing of true hell. I feel it constantly. It snakes around my chest, suffocating me. It lingers in my every thought, my every move. I have been subjected to daily torture and beatings just for mere entertainment. I have been ridiculed and treated as lowly as a dog by those who were family friends, in years past. And now my family and I are sure to die, and there is not one thing I can do to change that" Draco was void of any anger now, his face was blank, his eyes expressionless, he looked close to catatonic. Hermione was horrified, she did not want to offend but she could not help that her mouth was agape as she stared at him, frozen to the spot. In the distance, thunder roared and then lightning struck and rumbled through the castle. Hermione tripped lost her footing as the torches went out, leaving a blanket of darkness in the room. Without really knowing what he was doing, Draco lunged forwards and caught her. Before she could register any confusion, his lips were on hers. He was kissing her. It was hard, but not unfriendly. Hermione was unsure of what to do. Draco deepened the kiss as he found her lips and kissed her tenderly, she couldn't help but get swept away in the moment. Gently gliding his fingers down to her back, he reached for her hips and pulled her into him. She felt his tongue graze her lips and she parted her mouth slightly in response. His hands stroked her back before he cupped her neck, holding her close to him. Hermione reached and wrapped her arms around Draco's shoulders. She traced the surprisingly noticeable outline of his broad, toned muscles, softly with her fingers. Causing him to gasp, ever so slightly. The heat between them was building which left them panting between kisses. Hermione followed the curve of his muscles down to his arms. Draco shuddered at her touch she traced further, down towards his wrist, as something in Draco changed. Every muscle in his body tensed, he stopped kissing her and drew in a sharp breath. He snapped and all but threw her off him with such force that she stumbled into the stool behind her. "Don't touch me, you filthy mudblood" he spat Hermione was so confused. What had just happened? And how had it led to this? Aware that the torches were now lit, Hermione turned away from the Slytherin, unable to face him. "You kissed me," she replied meekly "I did no such thing." Draco sneered. Hermione felt tears welling up, threatening to spill over. What had just happened? She was forced to try and hold them back as the Professor flung open the door and stormed through the classroom. "Well, I do not think you two have learned your lesson at all. One would think that a teacher could leave two sixth year students alone for five minutes, but sadly not. The two of you need constant babysitting, as you have just proven by having me pulled from a very important meeting to deal with your petty little arguments. You will both have detention with me for the rest of the week, where you will make up for this atrocious work tonight. Clear up your things and go. I will see you here at six pm tomorrow," Snape was livid. Once the greasy looking professor had dismissed them, Hermione quickly gathered her things and ran out of the room without a second glance at either Slytherin.