Ron Weasley's bitching that she was a frigid virgin, the lack of hymen proved that idiot wrong. This amazing witch had clearly just chosen not to debase herself with that sorry excuse for a wizard. Kingsley couldn't pretend he wasn't happy about that. Still he was clearly bigger than anything she had experienced, and so once he was fully seated in her, Kingsley paused and waited for a signal from her that she was ready for him to move. She gasped as he filled her and revelled in the delicious stretch that he was providing her. He was gritting his teeth, trying to hold on and not embarrass himself by losing it too early. Thankfully, the wait wasn't too long and Hermione finally gasped out while wrapping her still heel clad feet around his waist, "Kings, move. Please… oh Gods Kings! Move!" With that, he was off to the races. There would be time later for slow, but in that moment Kingsley had to have her and it had to be hard and fast. He wouldn't last for anything longer. Her heat was too tight and too perfect to allow for anything more. He began a steady and brutal rhythm, snapping his hips into hers and hitting his thighs against the front of his desk. He was sure it would leave a bruise and he couldn't bring himself to care. Hermione's wild and wanton moans let him know she had no problem with the fierce and animalistic pace he was setting. She began to meet him thrust for thrust by pushing her hips forward. She also rose up and wrapped her arms around his back, clutching at his sweaty expanse like a lifeline while moaning his name. He felt her sharp nails dig in as she approached her second peak of the afternoon and Kingsley hoped she left marks. He wanted reminders of this wonderful event for days to come. He knew that there would be more marks eventually but feeling her scratch and claw at his back for the first time was like a badge of pride for Kingsley and he loved the pain. He reached between them and tapped once on her throbbing clit. It sent her flying over the edge. She screamed "Kings! Yeeeesssss! I'm cummminggg!" He doubted that even his silencing spells had held that shriek and he hoped no one was in the lobby besides Lyra. When she went over the edge, she brought him along with her. He groaned out her name as he came, spilling himself deep inside of her. Then he suddenly lost any and all strength and fell forward, draping his sweaty body on top of hers. He could feel her panting and her heart still pounding rapidly, coming down from her orgasm. He was sporting a grin wider than most were accustomed to him wearing and it was purely because of the witch clinging to him. He heard a quiet,"Kings?" come from underneath him and he scrambled up. She smiled brightly at him and said, "Thank you, you were kind of squishing me." Hermione was blushing furiously and giggled when she saw the blush also rising on his cheeks. He smiled down and kissed her forehead, her nose and then finally her lips. She sighed as if holding her breath and admitted, "Thank you, that was just what I needed I was worried this was a one time thing." "WHAT!?" Kingsley barked. "Witch, did you not hear anything I said! This is not a one time thing! I can promise you that. You are mine now, Hermione Granger. I will not let you go without a fight and I can assure you I put up a hell of a fight." She smiled demurely and said, "I was listening but sometimes people say things like that just to get in someone's knickers and I wouldn't have blamed you…" She trailed off and Kingsley was not having any of that. He swept forward and wrapped the petite witch in his arms bridal style. "Well, I am not some people and I would never use you that way. No one should be used that way, but especially not a jewel like you Hermione. You are going to be my Queen, my darling, and I will clear my schedule until I can prove to you just how much I mean that…" She snuggled closer into his arms and he loved hearing her playful giggle as he held her close. "Kings, you told me you knew why I was coming and that what I felt wasn't a figment of my imagination… If it wasn't that then what was it? I had never really heard of anyone feeling anything quite like that. It was almost like the shocks I used to get from static electricity when I was younger. It was jarring but I also liked it. What in the world was it, Kings?" "Oh my little curious lioness. I should have known that you would not forget about that…" he chuckled in his deep baritone. "I promise that I will explain in due time but right now, I feel the need to worship you slowly and explore every inch of you that I missed." She gasped at what he was suggesting and then smiled widely, realizing that clearly this afternoon was far from over. Blushing bright red and with a sparkling smile, Hermione kissed his neck and said, "Well I can think of more than a few places you have missed if you are really intent on every inch that you missed." He grinned and kissed her passionately, then with a pop they were gone. He took his witch to his home, to his bedroom, to show her over and over again just how special and important she was to him. Kingsley was excited and happy at the prospect of spending every day for the rest of their lives reminding Hermione over and over again just how much he loved to feel their spark ignite.