her hand. She raised her wand at him. "Protego!" She shouted, casting a powerful Shield Charm that nearly knocked Isaac off his feet. "Impressive," he complimented. "Your Shield Charm has definitely improved, but you still use defensive spells. That's not going to work on me." He began his relentless attack, sending one spell after another, the sheer force of the spells knocking Emily back. She let out a grunt, hitting against the wall, her Shield Charm disappearing due to her broken concentration. She fired off a Stunner, but with a flick of his wand, Isaac easily blocked it with his own Shield Charm. He waited patiently, waiting for Emily to regain her composure. Ever the gentleman like he was raised to be, Isaac didn't dare to attack a helpless female. But Emily also knew the other reason why he didn't attack was to show her that he had the upper hand and if he wanted to, he could've ended the duel. "Trapped like a corner animal, you can only attack," Isaac told her with a triumphant smile, seeing that Emily was finally ready. A snake emerged from his wand, mouth opened wide. "Speculo!" The Mirror Charm reflected his attack, the snake bouncing off the charm and charging at its wielder instead. Isaac ducked just in time, the snake crashing into the wall behind him, turning into a cloud of black smoke upon impact. "Are you two finished?" They looked over to see a fifth-year Gryffindor standing there, a stern look crossing his face. Ethan Lee wasn't too happy to see his twin and Isaac dueling each other once more. The last time they had dueled unsupervised, a large chunk of wall had been reduced to dust. "What will the others think, seeing you two recklessly duel each other?" Ethan reprimanded them, both avoiding eye contact with him. He let out a sigh, directing his gaze at the older male. "Merlin, how did you become the Captain of the Dueling Club?" "With the help of a ruthless tactician," Isaac answered, his eyes sliding over to Emily. The two shared a grin with each other and Isaac held out a hand to Emily for a quick high-five. She slapped his hand before they bumped fists together. "There was no rules that said that I couldn't help him plan out his attacks," Emily defended, seeing the pointed look her twin gave her. "Are you sure you're not supposed be in Slytherin?" Isaac asked her. "You certainly have some of the traits within you. Cunning, ambitious, certain disregard of the rules…" "No, I'm Hufflepuff," She replied. "Although I think I might be hanging around Slytherins for too long now." "Ah, so we're a bad influence?" "Speak for yourself," Regulus Black scoffed, entering the room. "It's something Emily needs to have for survival." Emily was about retort back to Regulus about survival when a group of third-year Hufflepuffs entered the room, chattering loudly. They stopped, seeing the older group looking over at them. But a simple wave and smile from Emily placed them at ease. The other members slowly trickled into the room, sitting on the cushioned benches, awaiting for the announcements. Emily saw Ethan sitting in their unofficial seats and sat next to him. "Hey," she greeted her twin, nudging his shoulder with hers. She blinked, seeing his frown. "You okay?" "Are you?" He asked her. "You're the one who suddenly decided to take on the Dueling Captain—who is ranked number one out of the entire club!" "Ethan—" "Why didn't you kick his ass?" Her twin hissed. "Seriously, you had a chance and taken his spot!" Emily looked at her twin as if he had grown a second head. "Probably because no one would believe me and also I'm not ready to take him on." "That is true," Ethan nodded. "Isaac would easily defeat you in less than a minute." "I knew I can always count on you for moral support," Emily replied, giving him with a flat look. "Well, he does have a point," Regulus joined in, sitting behind the twins. "You lost to me in less than forty-five seconds." "That was in our first year!" She protested. "I've improved since then!" "Yes, but I'm still beating you, though." She rolled her eyes. "Don't worry, Regulus. I've noticed." Ethan and Regulus shared a laugh before Isaac moved to stand in front of the benches. Everyone fell silent, conversations abruptly ending as they all turned to face the Captain. "As you know, we will be having mock duels for the younger years in a couple of weeks. Anyone who is under fifth-year is welcome to participate but remember, you will have to sign up for the competition. So, in order to prepare the younger class men, we will be having practice for fourth-years and lower—" Excited whispers broke out, the younger class men turning to each other with a bright look on their faces. Isaac held up a hand and silence fell again, everyone watching him expectantly as he continued on. "The older students, fifth-years and above, will help me supervise. I ask you all to provide constructive criticism only. There's no need to put down our fellow members. Anyone who doesn't heed to my orders will be promptly kicked out of the club—permanently. Do not begin until I say so, understood?" He had the younger students separated into their respective years before dividing them up into pairs. The older students began walking around, making sure that there was enough room between each dueling pair, correcting their positions while they all waited for Isaac. "Wands at the ready!" The younger students held their wands in front of their faces, bowing politely to their opponents. Isaac glanced around, his eyes sweeping the room for any mischief. "Begin!" A/N: So, in my head, I'd like to think that Sirius and Regulus are identical twins. It makes it a more interresting dynamic as Regulus is the golden son and Sirius is the black sheep of the family.