Violet she probably wouldn't care," her voice faltered at the thought of her sister not caring about her dying. Harry placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. He still wasn't sure about Petunia liking her magical relatives, but his Mum seemed really horrified that a version of her sister would do what she did to him and that the wards around the house would make her sister do the same, if not worse, to her daughter. When Lily was calm again, he pulled his wand out and began waving it above Violet, who he will come to call sister. "What are you doing Harry?" Lily asked, slightly warily. She knew he wouldn't do anything to her daughter, but her nerves were still rather frayed. "Just checking the scar on her forehead," he answered absently. "When I got mine a piece of Voldemort's soul got attached to it." "What!?" she quietly exclaimed. Harry winced, "I didn't show that memory did I? I thought I had put them all in there, but I guess I missed one." He kept waving his wand over his sister as he continued speaking, "Anyway, yes that happened to me. To get rid of it I took another Killing Curse." At the horrified look on her face, he quickly reassured her, "I'm fine, Mum. The spell got rid of the parasite and I survived." "You've gone through so much Harry," Lily whispered, laying her head against his chest. "And we will make sure that Violet doesn't have to. At least not as much," he promised. "We can't stop it all?" she asked, upset that he didn't want to keep Violet from experiencing any of what he had been through. "As much as I want to Mum, I don't know if we can," he said, the pain and remorse in his voice calming her down. "With how different things are I don't know if we can go by what I know. I already plan on stopping Alice and Frank Longbottom from being tortured into insanity." "Alice and Frank?" Lily whispered, shock and horror on her face. "Who did that to them? And what about little Neville?" "Neville was fine. Very timid after living with his grandmother, but he really stepped up to the plate when he needed to," Harry said, grinning. His grin turned into a scowl, "As for who, it was Bellatrix Lestrange." "Not little Bella," she whispered, making Harry's head snap to her. "She's only eight." "Fuck!" he cursed under his breath. "Harry!" she reprimanded. Even if he was centuries old, she didn't want him to make a habit of cursing, especially around her daughter. "Sorry," he murmured. "It's just that one of Voldemort's Horcruxes had been in the Lestrange vault. Without Bellatrix I doubt it will be there and now we don't know where that could be." 'Of course there's also the chance he only made one of the bloody things.' "Horcrux?" she asked tentatively. If Voldemort created them she wasn't sure she wanted to know. "One of the most vile pieces of magic there are," Morana said, making Lily start. She'd practically forgotten she was there. "It actually is the reason Harry had a piece of Voldemort's soul stuck in his scar." "Are you saying he split his soul?" Lily asked, disgusted at the thought. "That's right," Harry said, finishing his diagnostic. "Well she's free of any piece of soul. Though I kind figured what with the lightning surrounding her, but I thought better safe than sorry." "Hmph, like I would let that thing reside inside the one I made a contract with," a voice suddenly spoke up. Harry's focus snapped to the bracelet on Violet's arm. Hearing the voice made something click in his mind. "No way," he whispered. "You're a Crimson Lord." "Indeed I am," the being confirmed. "But how do you know that? Not many know about Crimson Lords without being Flame Hazes or even Torches." "That is something I'm going to have to explain at some other time. What's your name?" He frowned slightly, "And for that matter don't Crimson Lords have Flames not lightning?" "Normally yes, but there are a few special Crimson Lords that are different. I am Nyx, Lightning of Hell, Goddess of Punishment," ** the now named Nyx said. 'I suppose that's why the lightning was nearly black. And of course the Crimson Lord my alternate gets is different. Since when has anything normal happened to me, even another version of me?' Harry thought. "Right, now before I forget, I need to leave so I can keep Sirius out of Azkaban." "Wait what!?" Lily exclaimed. "I'll explain later Mum. I need to go because I'm not sure when exactly it happened," he said. "What about Alice and Frank?" "Morana is going to keep an eye on them and inform me when they get attacked," he reassured her. "Why can't she do anything?" she asked, not accusing, but curious. "Death can't directly affect things too much," *** Harry answered. With that he apparated away. * I'm just going to head this off now. No the color had nothing to do with her name. That is somewhat explained at the end of the chapter. ** I know Nyx has nothing to do with punishments or lightning and barely has anything to do with the underworld, but I wanted to do something the opposite of Alastor and I couldn't come up with a name. I liked Nyx the most out of the Goddess names that showed up when I searched Underworld Goddesses *** I know it seems like she has done a lot, but the only actual thing she's done is make some bracelets for them. Otherwise she's just told Harry what Dumbledore has been up to. A/N: Yep, Shakugan no Shana is going to be a part of this story. The only thing I'm really wondering is if I should have Yuuji be a part of it or if I should give another character the Midnight Lost Child.