Draco joined them for a few moments of conversation, his eyes flicking to the necklace briefly, and then locking with Lucius's. He inclined his head in approval before disappearing back into the crowd. The following morning, Lucius settled into his study to attend to some paperwork, when he was interrupted by the sound of a knock at the door. "Enter." Hanpy trotted in, bowing deeply and keeping his eyes locked on the carpet between them. "Master Malfoy, Miss Granger requests your presence in the library." "Is she hurt?" he barked, pushing his chair away to stand. "Hanpy does not believe so, Master Malfoy. Hanpy—" Lucius twisted away, uninterested in the remainder of the elf's explanation. In his next breath, he arrived outside the library's entrance, and swung the door open. The lights blazed upstairs, in a north-wing alcove. As he ascended the stairs to the second floor, the hairs on his arms began to rise. She's in the fourth alcove. Well…shite. I should have told her not to break the seal… He strode into the small space; Hermione's back was to him. She was peering closely at a clear glass bottle, turning it slowly in her hand. He took a step toward her and found he had begun salivating . Lucius froze. Merlin, she hasn't opened it, has she? "Oh, hello, Lucius! Thank you for coming," she said excitedly. She held up a small vial, apparently decanted from the larger bottle. "This appears to be what Muggles call a pheromone. I have a question. The description seemed to indicate—" She swiveled around and he felt his face flush; at the sight of her, his cock begin to throb and weep. Shite. Things are degrading quickly. "...the scent only works on those who already are attracted to each other…" she finished weakly, colour flooding her own face. "Miss Granger, if you will excuse me…" Lucius spun away, Apparating directly into his chambers. He collapsed on the bed, and dragged his hand down his face. Merlin, how to make an arse out of myself. And with that thought, he wandered into the master bath, and summoned the coldest shower he was able to tolerate. o0o0o0o "My apologies for my behavior earlier in the library," Lucius said stiffly as he entered the dining room for dinner, trying—and succeeding—to keep from spinning his cane in his hand to distract himself. "Lucius, I'm so sorry," Hermione said as she rose from her chair, her brow furrowed. "I didn't mean to put you in that position." He held up his cane. "The top of this cane turns cold if the person you are conversing with is lying." He tossed it to her, and she caught it. "The dining room table is made of metal." He could see her honey eyes widen shock as the top of the cane turned icy. He took a step toward her. "Your eyes are blue," he said, staring at her intently. He saw her flinch and shift her fingers. He took another step. "I want to kiss you. I've wanted to kiss you for weeks." Lucius watched as Hermione readjusted her palm across the top of the cane. He knew it was turning warm in her hand. "Put that down," he said. "Because I am going to kiss you." Lucius closed the final space between them and finally, greedily pressed his lips to hers. Hermione tangled her fingers in his hair, and responded in kind. A sigh escaped her. And his cane clattered to the marble floor. o0o0o0o It had been a very long time since Lucius had taken his breakfast in the master suite; it had been even longer since he had shared it with someone else. He glanced at the witch nestled up next to him on the settee. She was wrapped in his dressing gown and her hair—Merlin her hair was disastrous, and, oddly enough…perfect. "You certainly do treat your indentured servants very well, Lucius," she teased, a very satisfied smile on her face. "Indentured servants? I don't recall having an indentured servant," he said, feigning forgetfulness. "But then again, I have so many servants here at the Manor, I might have forgotten one or two. Speaking of which, don't you have a library to tend to?" He tucked an errant curl behind her ear. "I do have something to attend to…but it's not a library." She leaned in and kissed him. Thoroughly. "Besides," she added breathlessly, "don't you have a house elf for that?" "Ah. That's something I need to rectify. Accio contract." The top drawer in his bureau opened, and a parchment flew to his hand. With one, swift motion, he ripped it in two. "You kept that in your bedroom?" Before he had a chance to answer, Lindy arrived in the suite with a soft POP. "Lindy is here to serve Master Malfoy and the Malfoy Library." "Welcome back, Lindy. I trust you will find everything in order." "Lindy will check the library, Master Malfoy. Lindy will check!" The creature smiled widely and skipped from the room. "I believe it's time you and I retired to the third floor alcove," he murmured to the witch at his side. "Retired? Isn't it morning?" "Yes, and yes," he said, rising and reaching for her hand to pull her to standing. "Is there a price to enter the alcove?" Hermione quipped. "We can pretend the price is a kiss." Hermione raised an eyebrow. "We could. But I believe, after last night, you will let me see the room anyway, Lucius." "Is that what you believe, Miss Granger ?" he whispered, pulling her closer. "We can also pretend that you will kiss me whether or not that is the price of entry." "Perhaps we will no longer need to pretend. About anything." She reached up to caress his lips with her fingertips. "What does the artifact on the third floor do?" "It's for play," Lucius murmured. "For play?" "For play, Hermione." He took her hand in his. "Come see."