myself like to accomplish at least 7 impossible things before breakfast." Dumbledore said with a smile. Hermione smiled back at him, recognising the nod to muggle literature. Her smile turned to a frown when she realised how much of a problem she had stumbled into. Terrible things had happened to those who tried to mess with time. But the time that she had come from was not something she ever wanted to return to. Perhaps she could change everything; give Harry a chance to grow up with his parents. She could destroy the horcruxes now in the past and defeat Voldemort before he became too much of a problem. Hermione looked into the professors eyes and spoke. "Things will change. I will not doom the world to the future I have seen." Shock was the first emotion that Hermione saw on Dumbledore's face; the next was sorrow. "I understand." The headmaster said after a few minutes silence. Hermione looked at him in surprise. She was expecting to have to fight the old man on the matter. "What?" "I understand your need to change the future. I can see it in your eyes. We lost, didn't we? The darkness overwhelmed the light." Hermione nodded. "There is so much that needs changing and not long to do it. We have less than 4 years to change the course of history, professor." If Hermione had the chance to change things then she was going to make sure that Harry grew up with his parents. She would make sure that the traitorous rat would never become the secret keeper for the Potters. /\\/\\/\\/\\ Give Your Heart a Break /\\/\\/\\/\\ Hermione had ended up enrolling at Hogwarts to complete her seventh year, as she would be able to make the most difference if the was in the castle. She was far too young to be a teacher, despite her knowledge level, and so she was a 'transfer student'. This cover also had the advantage of granting Hermione the chance to finish her education, something she had been unable to do due to the war in her time. She was to be Professor McGonagall's goddaughter, the transfiguration teacher had been informed of Hermione's situation and had readily accepted the role the headmaster asked her to undertake. McGonagall, or as she had asked Hermione to call her outside of class Minerva, was insistent that as Hermione was not leaving any time soon that she was going to take her role seriously as Godmother and Hermione's guardian. Her cover was that her parents had recently died, which in truth they had. The death eaters had tracked them down despite all Hermione had done to try and protect them. Hermione had also opted to change her name, using a ritual that Professor Dumbledore knew of, magically changing her name so that it would appear even on the Marauder's map. She was now known as Hermione Danson. Hermione's conversation with the sorting hat a few days later, once Madame Pomfrey had let her out of the hospital wing to visit the headmaster, was an interesting one to say the least. The hat was much intrigued by the fact that she had already been sorted by him once before. The hat had fixated on her first sorting for a few minutes before starting to actually sort her this time round. Apparently, although she had the thirst for knowledge needed for Ravenclaw and more than enough cunning to make it as a Slytherin the stupid hat had wanted to put her in Hufflepuff of all places. It took Hermione a good few minutes to convince the hat that Gryffindor was where she needed to be to most effectively stop the future that she had experienced. The only thing that influenced the hat's decision was when Hermione revealed that the hat would be destroyed should Hermione's future come to pass. The hat, when faced with its own mortality, gave in to Hermione's demand of being sorted into Gryffindor. After her sorting Hermione faced the daunting task of breakfast. The butterflies in her stomach wouldn't stop. It was like starting school all over again, which Hermione supposed she was, as nobody knew her in this time. She stood outside the doors to the Great Hall, debating with herself as to when she should go in. Everyone would already be at breakfast, and so if she entered she would gain the attention of the whole school. But she didn't really have a choice in the matter, it had to happen sooner or later. Hermione entered the Great Hall and sat down in the nearest clear space on the Gryffindor table. Unfortunately for her the nearest clear space was halfway down the stupid thing, and as a result she gained the attention of most of the students in the room. Everything was silent for all of three seconds when the whispering started. No one bothered to actually approach her and ask her the questions that were plaguing them, they just gossiped about her. Hermione heard the doors to the Great Hall open again, someone was even later than she was to breakfast. She turned her head and immediately regretted it. It was the Marauders; and Sirius had managed to spot her within seconds of their entering the room. Hermione looked away and down at her food. Seeing James, although she had only seen him a couple of times, reminded her of Harry, and how it was unlikely that she would ever see her Harry again. Hermione sighed and stabbed her porridge with her spoon. The bench next to her suddenly dipped and Hermione looked up to find Sirius Black grabbing food and putting it on the plate in front of him. Hermione blinked. "Sorry about him." A boy who could only be Remus Lupin said as he and the other tree marauders sat down opposite her. It took Hermione a moment to process what was happening before she replied. "That's okay." Everything was about to change.