or won't?" he questioned ruthlessly. Harry and Ron opened their mouths to yell at Snape but a sharp warning look from Dumbledore kept them quiet. "Miss Granger, if you don't tell us, we can't help you and this will only get worse, then it already has." Hermione felt fear wash over her, what else could be done to her, did she really want to find out? "Hermione, Please." Ron whispered. The guilt was eating her alive. "I stole a book!" Hermione blurted out. "You idiot!" Hissed Snape. "Please, Severus. Hermione Please explain." Dumbledore said Hermione swallowed, unable to lift her head. "In Study Hall on Monday, I saw an ancient looking journal, lying on the table next to Stephanie Moon, that Hufflepuff girl who can barely string a sentence together." Hermione spat. The truth was coming out, along with her emotions. "And I wanted it, I wanted to know what was in it, I wanted to know why Moon had something that looked so precious in the first place. When Moon went to ask Professor Sinistra something, I summoned the book to me and placed a hiding charm on it, so that Moon couldn't summon it back, which she tried to as soon as she that it was missing." Hermione looked up with a smirk, her eyes shone with vindictiveness. "And what did the book contain?" Dumbledore asked. Hermione let out a huff. "The original fairy tales before Disney got to them and made them loveable. I could have lived happily unaware that Little Red Riding Hood ate her grandmother and was raped by the wolf, instead of eaten." "And the next morning, you had an accident in Professor Snape's class." Dumbledore concluded. The shame of her actions came back and Hermione began sobbing once more. "Yes." Professor Snape and McGonagall left the Great Hall, without a word. One to retrieve the book and the Other to collect the Hufflepuff Student who had been wronged. 10 minutes later they had all gathered into the Headmasters office. Hermione upon seeing the Witch that had the cursed book, pulled her wand on her. "You cursed me!" Hermione seethed. Stephanie Moon, dressed in a Black Tank top, Grey Lounge Pants and slippers with her head pulled into a pony tail away from her face, smirked at Hermione's enraged face. "I know." Hermione pulled her wand back with a hex on her lips when she was disarmed by the Headmaster. "Sit down, Miss Granger!" never hearing the Headmaster raise his voice, Hermione dropped into her seat. "Miss Moon, how can we remove the curse that has been placed on Miss Granger?" Dumbledore asked gently, aware that the real victim here was Stephanie Moon and not Hermione Granger. Steph sighed gently. "If Granger has shown her true colours and confessed then the curse is lifted." "Miss Granger has indeed confessed and shown her true nature." Dumbledore said with disappointment. "May I please have my book back?" Steph asked, wanting it back in her possession. "It's a Dark Book you dumb bitch!" Hermione yelled at Moon unable to believe that she thought Headmaster Dumbledore would give it back. "YOU WILL HOLD YOUR TONGUE MISS GRANGER!" Dumbledore said as his Magic flared. Hermione sat back eye wide in her chair, vaguely aware that she had made a running leap over the line. "My book isn't dark or evil or whatever else you want to label it. The stories are violent and gruesome, but that's all they are, stories. It's my properly and I would like it back please." Steph said, she was getting tired of this charade. The Headmaster, nodded his head and Professor McGonagall handed the Maroon Leather bound book back. Steph smiled for a moment when the book met her hands. "Can I go now?" Steph asked, she had her property back she had no other reason to stay. "In a moment, Miss Moon." The Headmaster said before turning to the student who was commonly known as the brightest witch of her age. "Miss Granger, stealing at Hogwarts isn't tolerated. You suffered from the curse that was placed on you, but that was justice from the owner of the book. Not from me, the Headmaster of this school. You are a very bright young woman but you have showed me that you are also a very vindictive and jealous one as well. Twice while in my presence you have called Miss Moon stupid. But you have proven to all in this Room, that you, Miss Granger are the stupid one. This is your last year at Hogwarts and this incident has now gone on your school record for all protentional employers to see and inquire about. Should Employers contact me to enquire about this incident, what would you have me say? That is was an accident? Because it wasn't, you stole the book on purpose and then covered your tracks. You are hereby Suspended for two weeks from Hogwarts. I will write to your parents tonight and Professor McGonagall will escort you home, via floo tomorrow morning. I am very disappointed in you, Hermione Granger. I hope you use this two weeks to have a good look in the mirror. Good evening." Dumbledore finished. Hermione couldn't believe it, she, the brightest witch of her age, was suspended! Her parents would kill her! Her future was now so uncertain. Emotional Tears flowed from her face as she struggled to stand up and make her way out of the office, the boys, her best friends walked ahead of her. Hermione didn't have the energy to call out to them. Did they hate her? She couldn't live without the boys in her life, they were everything to her! 'Harry…. Ron….' Her mind whispered as she watched them walk ahead of her, not bothering to turn around, not bothering to wait for her. 'I am a thief…' her mind said. 'Like Mundungus...' it continued to say. Hermione knew very well that Tonight, sleep would be hard to come by.