vibrating dildo and shoved it unceremoniously up Pet's asshole. "Ahh!" Pet cried out loudly, practically shrieking, "Take it out!" Blondie laughed darkly and turned the vibration strength to full strength, "You're gonna feel great. Plus, you don't really want me to take it out anyway! Just look how much precum you're oozing!" Brunette gave a chuckle and helped Blondie continue bringing Pet to unimaginable heights of pleasure, "You've just got to hold out, pet. The longer you wait, the better it'll feel at the end!" Again and again, the used various tools and tricks to continue keeping Pet on the edge of a mind-blowing orgasm, helped greatly by the fact that he literally couldn't cum because of the tight leather sheath tied around his cock. For hours, they played with him, fucking him at their leisure and in different positions but making sure to constantly keep him squirming and crying out in both pain and pleasure. "Okay, this is the last one, pet!" Brunette smirked as he shoved the last bead of a chain of anal beads deep in Pet's ass who was currently on his hands and knees with his thighs spread wide. "And that's ten!" He carefully pulled apart the ring of muscle to see inside Pet's asshole and see the last anal bead just inside Pet's ass. "Whoa, he's twitching like crazy!" Blondie pointed out while pulling at Pet's cock as well as fondling the small balls that were left free without restraint. "He's so slippery-" Brunette commented before sticking his fingers deep in Pet's ass to push the anal beads deeper inside. "Damn, you're totally full inside! It's so hot, I can't resist!" Brunette took his cock and pushed it inside with the anal beads, "Oh, fuck!" Pet couldn't make any noise now as he had been gagged as well as blindfolded while the two men continued on their merry way with his body. "Fuck! It's so tight and those beads are pressing against my dick! This is so fucking hot!" The man couldn't go hard and fast as he would have wanted but instead went torturously slow that left Pet clenching his ass around Brunette's cock like a vice. When Brunette finally released himself deep within Pet, the young boy was practically mindless trying to get off. "Look at that! He's swaying his he's for us, what a tease!" Blondie exclaimed from where he had finally sat back to enjoy the view. Pet, so mindless in his need to cum, began thrusting himself on the sheets below him. "Haha, he's even rubbing himself on the sheets!" Brunette smirked while watching the sight of the desperate thrusts that Pet was presenting for their view. "He looks like a little horny puppy!" Blondie turned Pet over so the boy was once more on his back, and took off the gag and blindfold. "Hey, look at me." Pet, with tears clumping his thick black eyelashes together, looked at the blonde haired man with a needy and mindless haze clouding his eyes. "I'm taking these out." Blondie spoke while carefully gripping the ring that was attached to the string of anal beads. With a sharp tug, one bead plopped out and Pet gave a cry, "Aah!" Again and again, Blondie would give a sharp tug to pull out a single anal bead; each tug caused Pet to give a loud moan or cry from the sensation. Five beads now out, and Blondie spoke, "You're getting emptier one ball at a time, let's speed this up a little." Pet's eyes widened and he looked down to his crotch where he could see the line of dripping balls halfway tugged out from his ass. "Wait!" Pet cried in panic. Not heading the young boy's cry of fright, Blondie gave a sharp tug and pulled the last five beads out at once in once fast pull. "Ahhh!" Pet cried out from the sensation. Blondie smirked and drew his finger upon the tip of Pet's weeping cock. "Ah, emptying you… it made so much painful looking precum come out! Do you want to get off? It has been a few hours and you still haven't gotten off since we first put that harness on." Brunette came forward and tweaked Pet's nipples, "I want to see him beg like a dog to get off." Blondie leered and used his fingers to spread the skin around Pet's red and swollen hole. "I want you to say, 'Please fuck me here like a dog.' If you say it good enough, then I'll let you come until you're empty." The two men then slipped a little ways away from Pet, letting him decide. Pet could only tremble for a few seconds before tensing and turning over on his hands and knees to kneel before Blondie. A bright red blush dusted his cheeks as he panted heavily, feeling as though he couldn't get enough air. He licked his lips, spit and cum dripping from his mouth, and spoke. "Please, fuck me like a dog." "Should we do it?" Blondie asked Brunette with a grin. "Well, he does look like a cute little dog." Brunette replied. With that, Blondie surged forward, taking Pet's mouth and shoving it around his cock. Pet didn't even get the chance to choke when he was then pierced from behind on Brunette's cock. The two men gangbanged him until they were on the verge of cumming. It was Brunette who stopped and quickly unbuckled the leather sheath from around Pet's cock. Brunette finished quite quickly after that as Pet was pushed so far over the edge that he blacked out and his ass seemed to clench so tight that it nearly hurt. The two men then cleaned up their new pet and let him rest as he had physically blacked out from the experience. ~End Chapter One~ A/U: No flames. Again, Harry's names will go from Harry to Freak to Pet and finally to Nox before switching between Nox and Harry in later chapters.