and closed the distance between him and the boys in a single bound, greeting his young friends with muddy paws on their shoulders and slobbery doggy kisses across their cheeks. Laughing, the Scamander twins hugged the wolfhound and kissed his ears, and by the time the dog had lowered himself back onto all fours and managed to contain his excitement within the bounds of a frantically wagging tail, Hagrid stood in front of them. "It's good to see you too, Hagrid," said the twins, wiping dog drool off their faces with the sleeves of their robes. "How have you been? Any interesting new creatures to share with us?" They added eagerly. One of the things Hagrid and the twins had instantly bonded over was their mutual love for interesting and unusual creatures. "I was going ter save 'em for a surprise during class," said Hagrid, an excited gleam coming into his eye. "But I might as well show 'em to yer now, seeing as yer here." He motioned for them to follow him with one garbage-can-lid-sized hand and the three magical creature enthusiasts picked their way through the pumpkin patch and around to the other side of Hagrid's hut. The creatures standing inside the recently-erected enclosure lifted their feathered heads and blinked their yellow eyes balefully at the Scamander twins. The beast closest to them, a tawny creature with a white chest and tail, stamped a feathered hoof on the ground either in greeting or in warning, it wasn't clear which. "Hippogriffs!" cried the twins excitedly, their pale eyes lighting up as though Christmas had come early. "Hippogriffs," said Hagrid in cheery affirmation. "They're finally letting me teach 'em again. With the proper precautions, o' course." Lorcan and Lysander didn't seem to be too concerned with the 'proper precautions.' They were already approaching the enclosure, eyes locked on their Hippogriffs of choice. "Now boys," said Hagrid, "you should really wait 'til class … Well all righ', but don' go around telling the other students I've given you preferential treatment, now." The Scamanders nodded, not taking their eyes from the majestic beasts in front of them as they unlatched the gate and advanced, slowly…slowly…into the enclosure. Lorcan had locked eyes with the tawny hippogriff at the front, which was gazing back at him with an almost lazy expression on its face. Lysander's gaze was directed slightly farther back, at a small, black hippogriff which was standing a ways away from the others and regarding the newcomers with cautious curiosity. As one, the boys bowed, bending low at the waist without blinking or taking their eyes from the animals in front of them. They waited. One beat. Two. The tawny hippogriff ruffled its wings and then slowly, lazily, sunk to its scaly knees. Lorcan grinned and reached out a hand to stroke the snowy feathers on the beast's chest. Lysander was still maintaining eye contact with the small, black hippogriff. He knew he should back away, but maybe if he waited just one second longer… "Midnight's young, Lysander," said Hagrid. "No more'n a baby, really. Don' be surprised if she doesn' bow, even ter yeh. She's still getting' used ter bein' aroun' people; I'm not planning on using her in tomorrow's lesson." Lysander sighed and was about to give the filly up as a lost cause, when the hoof that had been pawing the ground stilled and first one scaly knee and then the other bent and lowered Midnight's front quarters briefly, awkwardly to the ground. Hagrid whistled. "Yeh've got yer grandfather's knack with creatures, that's for sure," said Hagrid. "Yeh can pet 'er now, but be gentle. She's still skittish." Lysander reached out a long-fingered hand and touched the feathers on the young hippogriff's head. She butted her head against his hand like a cat. Lysander's grin was even bigger than his brother's. "She likes me." "So she does. Maybe I'll use her in the lesson after all, have you help me with the demonstration." "What about me?" demanded Lorcan. "Well, yeh can help too, o' course," said Hagrid. "Can't have one o' yeh without the other, can we? Wouldn' be natural. Seems like you get along well with Tiger, there. He's a good one. Good stock. 'is dam was Buckbeak's half sister." Buckbeak the Hippogriff had passed away several years before the twins were born, but his name was legendary among the decedents of the former members of Dumbledore's Army. Suddenly Lorcan started. "We've got to get to Transfiguration," translated Lysander. "Of course," said Hagrid, shooing them back toward the castle. "Don't let me make you late on your first day." "We'll see you in class," said the twins, waving over their shoulders at Hagrid as they took off at a brisk jog across the grounds. Lorcan and Lysander joined the rest of the Ravenclaw third years right outside of the Transfiguration classroom. "There you two are," said Jenny, looking them up and down with a critical eye. "Where have you been?" "Hagrid's," they said, accepting the buttered toast she held out to them. "Thanks, you're a life saver." "I know. So, what does Hagrid have planned for us tomorrow? Anything exciting?" "What makes you think we know?" "Oh come on, Hagrid loves you, he probably gave you a private lesson already." "Even if he did, we would have promised not to tell," said the twins. "I brought you toast!" protested Jenny, loudly enough to earn her a couple odd looks from the Gryffindors sitting closest to them. "Come on," she said in a quieter voice, "spill." "Shhh," said Lorcan and Lysander, holding their forefingers up to their lips. "Class is starting." AN: And there's the first chapter. Please let me know what you thought about my versions of these characters' return to the computer screen (or smartphone screen, I read a lot of fanfiction on my phone) And if you're a fan of Supernatural , keep an eye out for that fic showing up soon as well ;) -SQ