her. She pulled back, looking in his eyes, earnestly. "I love you, Harry Potter." Her words were whispered, but full of conviction. Harry swallowed, realizing he loved this witch more than anything. The realization that she was more than his best friend was practically an earth shattering realization. He'd loved her for years, but now he understood how much he loved her, and what that meant. Hermione turned to Ron. His expression insecure. "Oh, Ron. I love you so much...Kiss me, Please. I need you." Ron leaned forward, kissing her softly. "Mione, I've loved you...for so long. I've just..." His forehead crinkled, his eyes looked sad. "I didn't know how..." Hermione smiled at him. "It's ok, Ron." She smiled as he leaned over and gave her another soft kiss. She looked from Ron to Harry. "I love you both, with all my heart...and I want you both." Her wizards hovered over her, affection in their eyes, desire in their hands as they stroked her body. Ron laid down on her right side, Hermione now sandwiched between the two of them, on her back as Harry mirrored Ron on her left. Her hands began exploring them as theirs continued to explore hers. She tentatively moved her hands down their torsos. Heavy breathing met both of her shoulders with kisses as her hands continued exploring. Both of them froze as her hands slowly glided over their matching erections. Unsure what to do, she gently stroked them each with her fingertips. She looked from one to the other, each of them with a look of desperation. "Tell me what to do...show me," she whispered, looking from one to the other. Harry took her left hand in his and guided her hand up and down his length, His eyes glazed over with ecstasy as he pulled his hand away and she continued. She felt Ron take control of her right hand. She stroked him with more confidence, mirroring what Harry had instructed only seconds before. "Oh Merlin, I'm gonna.." Hermione turned to Harry as he tensed. She felt him harden slightly and twitch in her hand as hot liquid spurted from his cock onto her stomach. He shivered as she gently pulled her hand away. She heard Ron grunt and turned to him as she felt warm liquid spray her from her right side. She gently pulled her hand from him as well. She looked down at her stomach, the slightly white tinged liquid coating both sides of her stomach. "I'll just..uh grab," Harry stuttered as he went to stand. He was back a second later and waved his wand over her, cleaning her instantly. He laid back down beside her. She was watching him as she felt Ron begin to tentatively and gently rub her between her legs. "Spread your legs, Mione." Ron whispered. Hermione felt wanton as she obeyed his gentle command. Harry grabbed her left leg, spreading her wider as he eased down the mattress, drinking her in. She began to feel self conscious as his eyes studied between her legs. Ron eased down and was doing the same on her right side. They were each holding a leg, spreading her wide. She was beginning to feel like she was at the medi-witch having a gyn examination. But, as awkward as she felt, she realized neither of these wizards had likely seen a womans vagina before, except in textbooks and porn magazines. She felt tentative fingers touch her, spreading her open. She moaned as she felt something, obviously a finger, gently probe into her wet opening. "You're so wet, and warm," Harry whispered. "Try inserting your finger, it's like a suctioning tunnel of wet softness," Ron whispered. She felt one finger exit as another entered. Then she felt another finger enter her and start to move in and out. "Wow, it's practically gripping me, trying to keep me inside," Harry said with bewilderment. "Uhh, guys?...This is...getting weird," she said apologetically. "Sorry, Mione," Harry whispered. "But, your uhh...between your legs? It's amazing." "I want to taste her," she heard Ron whisper. Suddenly she felt warmth and wetness on her. She practically jolted out of her skin with the sensation as Ron lapped at her entrance. "She tastes so good, Harry." "Let me try," she heard Harry whisper. Hermione was part mortified and part aroused beyond measure. She smiled to herself as the swotty part of her took pleasure in the fact that her wizards were finally taking an interest in learning something besides quidditch moves. She almost laughed with her internal dialogue but was jolted back to her senses as she felt intense, blinding pleasure. She looked down to see a head of brown hair buried in her core and she began to rock her hips with pleasure as Harry was nibbling on her hardened nub. "Gods, Harry! Don't stop!" She felt Harry settle in more between her legs as he became more focused on her pleasure point. She shattered the instant she felt a finger slide into her at the same time. She grabbed the mattress and moaned loudly as the muscles of her core contracted repeatedly with her release. She felt kisses work there way up her stomach as her breathing and heart rate began to calm. As Harry and Ron worked their way up her body she smiled. When they got to her breasts they paused and nibbled, tugged, kissed and pinched her nipples. "Your tits are perfect, Mione." Ron whispered. Harry moaned on her skin whispering something she couldn't understand as his voice was muffled by the mouthful he was manipulating. She grabbed them both by the hair and lifted them to her face where she kissed them each soundly, in turn. They each nestled down next to her, wrapping their arms over her protectively. Harry grabbed the wand behind him and waved it, pulling the blanket up and over them. She let out a sigh of contentment as she stared up into the night sky. Whatcha think?