family knows nothing about it, the Snake warned her to keep quiet about it, because it's not a common gift among the Wizarding World and has a bad reputation with it. Imogen only told myself and Ollivandar when she asked what a ParselMouth was. Ollivandar swore an oath at once to never reveal her secret." Severus sat back stunned, he had never heard of a Muggleborn ParselMouth. Filius sat back as well. "Minerva, who is going to be her head of House?" Minerva rubbed her eyes tiredly. "I don't know. I hope for Imogen's sake she isn't placed in Gryffindor, she needs to be kept away from Hermione, I am worried that if they're in the same house, Imogen will never reach her full potential. Its bloody likely that she will end up in your house, Severus." Severus shook his head. "The child will be eaten alive." "Severus, you always get the most abused children out of all of us. Imogen has been emotionally and mentally beaten down, for god sakes, her 'Parents' called her a mistake in front of her, like it was nothing new." "But she might end up in Hufflepuff as well." Severus argued. It's not that he didn't want the child, his colleagues knew this. "I know, I hope so. Po, do you have any problems with this?" Pomona shook her head. "No Min, of course not. I see where this is going though. Imogen would flourish in Hufflepuff, but if her secret got out, Children can say the most horrible things and cause severe damage at times. If Miss Granger did get placed in Slytherin and her secret came out, well the Pureblood fanatics would be knocked on their arses in disbelief wouldn't they. I can imagine Lucius Malfoy's face if he ever found out." Severus smirked, he could too imagine Lucius' face at the mere thought and then obvious proof of a Muggleborn ParselMouth. But still the child's safety had to come first. Things hadn't calmed down since the end of the first war, not in Hogwarts at least. If you were Slytherin you were treated like scum. If you were a Gryffindor you were treated like a god. "The rivalry has to stop, Albus has encouraged it to fester long enough, the fact is that You – Know – Who will return, that much we know. If we continue to do nothing and let the rivalry continue we will lose over half of our children to him next time." Filius said Pomona nodded her head frankly she was tired of it. "How about this year we treat each house fairly, I know what you're going to say Severus and I agree with you. So, what I am saying is, that we force the children, no matter who it is to come clean about their actions and we deal with it, at once. No more overlooking obvious bullying in the classrooms and halls." "Agreed." Severus said, looking intently at Minerva who had still had a hard time admitting that her house was the cause of most fights. Minerva sighed. "Sounds good. But Severus if I hear of you taking points unfairly and giving extra to your house, this will never work." Severus frowned, he wasn't stupid. "Minerva. I promise to treat every child within these walls fairly this year, it's an experiment after all." "And you'll cut down on the number of children coming from your classroom in tears?" Pomona added. "Only if they truly push my buttons." Severus said smirking at Pomona. #$# 2 Weeks later. Minerva received a small package from Imogen Granger. ' Dear Professor McGonagall, Hello, I hope you are well. Things at home are strained but I've been keeping to myself as always. The other day I owl ordered a small box infused with a statis charm, I wasn't sure why I did it, but I felt that I needed it, thankfully the box arrived and I found an immediate use for it. Vivian, the snake I was telling you about, had babies, but 10 of her babies were stillborn the rest of the babies shed their first skins and Vivian let me have them, I thought they might be useful in potions or something. Hermione told me that the Potions Professor is named Professor Snape and at first, I was going to send a letter with the snakes to Professor Snape personally but then I remembered why I couldn't, because he might ask questions. Like how I know they are stillborn? Where did I get so many skins? Could you please give this box to Professor Snape, I hope he finds them useful, if not than at least ill know. Thank you for all you have done for me, I hope this Letter reaches you at a good time. Imogen Granger.' Minerva smiled before taking the letter and the box down to the Dungeons where she knew Severus would be. Knocking on the office door, Minerva walked in with a smile. "Severus. I have a gift for you." Minerva handed over the box and letter before sitting down and watching her friend. It was exactly two weeks before the start of term. Severus quickly read the letter and carefully opened the box, before unsheathing his wand. separated with a piece of glass along the middle lay 10 tiny snake bodies, all in perfect form but dead, on the other side lay 53 tiny snake skin sheds. Severus summoned his own jars before re homing the contents of the box permentally. With a flick of his wand he sanitized the box and handed it back to Minerva. "Yes, I'll find a purpose for them." Severus was much too busy to make Minerva's visit anything more than short, but he was thankful. Minerva was almost out of the door when Severus spoke before she left. "10 Points to her House, when she gets here." Minerva smiled before walking off with the box, she noticed that Severus had kept the letter.