an apple again? Or a banana? And what about watermelon?" "Relax. I'm sure Snape will know what to do." "Blimey, Harry, it's not like I've had voices in my head before. At least you have experience with it." Harry frowned. "Like I said, I'm sure Snape will be able to fix it." "Yeah, but who's gonna tell him?" They both looked at Hermione. She sighed. There was never any question it would be her, was there? o0o0o Harry wrangled the heavy door to Snape's office open, and the three made their way inside. "Professor Snape," Hermione said in greeting. "Yes, Miss Granger?" he responded, eyeing Harry and Ron suspiciously as he looked up from his desk. "The other day during Potions class, you asked Neville to brew Regerminating Potion," she said as steadily as she could, "and you asked me to brew Chelidonium Miniscula." "I am more than aware of the assignments I give to my students," Professor Snape drawled in a bored voice. "I believe there was some confusion during class and Neville, well, wound up brewing a combination of the two." Professor Snape pursed his lips. "Is there a point to your blathering, Miss Granger? If so, please do get on with it." "The potion that Neville inadvertently created produced a green vapor. I believe inhaling that vapor has given us the ability to hear plants communicate." "Indeed?" Professor Snape raised an eyebrow and said nothing for a moment. "Miss Granger, you were brewing the Chelidonium Miniscula…" he said, more to himself than Hermione. He rose from his desk and started pacing, his hands clasped behind his back. "Mr Longbottom was brewing Regerminating Potion…" He stopped and looked at Hermione. "Miss Granger, at what point do you believe the instructions were switched?" "After I added the Motherwort to mine and Neville added the Knarl quills to his." The Potions Professor seemed to be contemplating something. "Interesting," he finally said. "Come back tomorrow evening at this time and I will have a remedy." "Tomorrow evening? You mean, we have to live with this until tomorrow evening?" Ron squeaked. "Mr Weasley." The professor pursed his lips in annoyance. "Might I suggest that if you had stayed at your own table—as you were supposed to—and in front of your own cauldron, which contained your own deplorable excuse for a potion, you would not currently be a victim of Mr Longbottom's grave inadequacies." "How am I going to eat a proper dinner? How am I doing to sleep tonight?" Ron whined. "One more word, Mr Weasley, and I may inadvertently forget to make enough counter-agent for you." Ron made a noise like a squeal but didn't say anything more. "Rest assured, I will be able to counter the vapor's effects with a potion based on the Muffling Draught." Professor Snape walked toward the door in the back of the classroom. "You are dismissed," he said, opening the door and not looking back. "You have to admit, the man is brilliant," Hermione said, her lips curling into a small smile. Ron huffed a laugh. "Merlin, Hermione, the man's a contender for scariest bloke in the school. And that includes the ghosts." o0o0o Neville was late. They had told Neville, of course, that the Potions Professor was brewing something to relieve them of their newly acquired skill; Neville had reacted strangely to the news, frowning to the point of tears, as if he was about to lose his best friend. Not that Neville's tardiness was at all surprising—it was just that Hermione thought he would have made a special effort to arrive on time, knowing Professor Snape had made a special effort to brew an antidote so quickly. Perhaps he wasn't even going to show up. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood in front of Professor Snape's desk; four vials of bright yellow liquid glistened in the torchlight, one earmarked for each of the four victims —as Professor Snape put it—of Neville's unauthorized concoction. "Once you finish this potion, the effects of Mr Longbottom's accident will begin to diminish. I estimate they will be completely gone in a week to ten days." Well, the sooner she could eat salad and fruit again, the better. Hermione grabbed the glass, threw her head back, and downed it in one long swallow. She watched, amused, as Harry and Ron eyed the yellow liquid warily; they both reached out slowly, simultaneously, picked up their respective doses, and began to drink. They looked terrified. Seriously, did they think a Hogwarts professor was going to poison them? "Thank you, Professor," Hermione said, smiling, even before the boys were done. As they turned to leave, a breathless Neville sprinted in, skidding to a stop in front of Professor Snape's desk. "Ah, Mr Longbottom." The Potions Professor indicated the lone filled glass that remained. "I see you've arrived to claim your antidote." "Well…" Neville said, swallowing loudly. "Actually, I've thought about it and I'm quite all right, thank you, sir." Professor Snape raised an eyebrow. "You do not wish to take the counter agent?" "No, sir," Neville said in a trembling voice. "I mean to say that I don't mind the voices, Professor." The professor was silent for a moment as Neville twitched nervously. "Very well," he said finally. Neville's eyes widened. "Thank you, sir." "Admittedly, you may have stumbled on something quite extraordinary. I will be sharing your findings with Professor Sprout. I suspect she will have questions for you." "Of course, sir." "You may take the antidote with you should you change your mind." "One more thing, Mr Longbottom." He gifted Neville a grand smirk. "Even though my specialty is not Divination, let me assure you that your future lies solidly in Herbology, not Potions." Neville smiled and scampered away, exiting the classroom with the boys. Hermione met Professor Snape's eyes. "You know, Professor, I believe Neville might make an excellent Herbology Professor one day." His lips twitched into an almost-smile, his dark eyes glittering. "I don't necessarily disagree, Miss Granger."