to the cold. The water was reaching up to her chin so she could still breathe freely. She took out her wand and applied the bubble-head charm. That would last for approximately one hour. After that she would have to resurface and renew the charm. Well, it had worked for Cedric, hadn´t it? On her left arm she wore a metallic wand-holder. Better safe than sorry . It wouldn´t do to lose her wand in the hidden depths of the Black Lake. She fastened the wand and experimentally dived underwater. She could breathe alright, however she couldn´t see very clearly. The Black Lake was abundantly covered with vegetation and the shadows made it hard to see anything in the poor light. Hermione resurfaced and hobbled over to the ledge. She rather felt like a duck with the flippers hampering her progress. She picked up a stone and transfigured it into a pair of goggles. She decided to light her wand until she found the assembly of mermaids. There would be many beautiful illuminations at the gathering according to the ritual she had read about in the book. She took another experimental dip and was satisfied. She was just about to dive in earnest when the explosive sounds of several apparations split the silence. Instinctively Hermione glided through the water and nestled hastily against the grassy ledge hiding behind some branches that hung over it. Through the sparse leaves she could make out four figures that approached the Black Lake at an uncomfortably small distance. Three of them were wearing heavy black cloaks and silver masks. The fourth hung limply between the Death Eaters, his hands bound behind him. Hermione watched in shock as a bloodied and obviously unconscious Professor Snape was dragged to the very edge of the Lake and unceremoniously dumped there. "Well, let´s have some fun, shall we?" Derisive laughter followed these words. One of the men bowed down and took out his wand. Hermione tensed in her hiding spot. " Ennervate !" The man on the ground came alive with a gasp, but immediately fell quiet after that. The Order´s spy looked up at his captors contemptuously. "Wakey, Wakey, Snapey!" Another of the figures hunched down. A woman´s voice. The young witch shuddered. This voice was as cruel as it was obviously demented. There was only one Death Eater she knew to fit this description, Bellatrix Lestrange. "So, Traitor, awake are we? Oh, I will have so much fun with you, you disgusting Muggle lover. I have thought about such a nice way for you to go. Do you wanna know? Yes? You´ll like it, I promise. You know I thought of this especially for you, Muggle-loving scum that you are." Her voice had taken on a nearly unbearable cooing tone. She was simpering and spittle flew from her mouth. All the while she was stroking the Professor´s hair in a paradoxical gesture of affection. He merely jerked back his head and lifted his chin in defiance. He didn´t make a single noise. "Oh, don´t be such a mood killer, Sevy. Come on, just ask me, do me this little favour, yes? Be a good boy and ask me. Ask me!" The black-haired man didn´t move. Bellatrix spat him in the face and sprung up from the ground. Like the mad-woman she was she screeched and stomped her foot in a horrible imitation of a five-year old. Then she muttered something under her breath and turned once again to the man on the ground. "Ask or you will regret it." No reaction. Bellatrix shrugged and pointed her wand at the captive. "Okaa-hhaaaay. Crucio! " Severus Snape´s body thrashed on the ground uncontrollably. Hermione felt tears sting her eyes. No human being should be subjected to this, it was horrible and disgusting and demeaning. The grip on her wand tightened. She couldn´t let them do this to the professor. She needed to do something. She was frantically searching for a solution when one of the other Death Eater cancelled the spell. "What? How dare you—" "He is unconscious again. Besides, he won´t survive another bout of Cruciatus. We have already had our go with that, right? He´ll just die silently." "How I hate him." She kicked him hard, in the ribs and against his head. Then she once again lifted her wand. " Ennervate ! So, Snape, I am going to tell you what I am going to do with you. Listen up. Ever heard of the Inquisition? You see, those Muggles were out there to find and kill our kind. And how did they do this? They tested and murdered hundreds of women. Therefore I think it is only fitting that you will be tested, as well. You couldn´t be a real wizard, not after you have betrayed us like this. So, here´s the deal. Survive this and we acknowledge that you are a real wizard and will kill you as a Traitor. Die and you will be acknowledged as a Muggle and thus be declared innocent. Isn´t that wonderfully poetic?" Bellatrix cackled gleefully and summoned a large rock from the bottom of the lake. She transformed part of it to a chain and wound that around the wizard´s ankles. "So, that is your test: We will throw you in. If you surface again, you are a wizard and we will kill you. If you drown, well, that is self-explanatory, isn´t it? Since we have taken your wand it shouldn´t be necessary, but better safe than sorry, yes? We will use the magicum revelio spell. We´ll know immediately if you try to cheat, any use of magic and we´ll kill you immediately, understood? Very well, here we go." Hermione watched desperately as the mad witch levitated the bound Professor and the rock slowly over the glistening surface of the lake. " Magicum revelio ! Have a nice swim." With that she terminated the spell and Severus Snape plummeted down and sank to the ground of the lake.