just nodded. His mum would never leave him unless it was necessary. "Come back soon, Mum. I love you." "Love you too." "Jared!" called a female voice. "Mum! I'm coming!" the boy cried and bolted back towards the alley. "No! Don't!" Eileen cried and went after him. A dark figure wearing a hideous silver mask stepped out of the alley then, wand pointed at the boy and Eileen. A red light shot out of his wand and slammed into the boy, causing him to shriek in pain. He tumbled to the cobblestones and lay still. "Bastard! Pick on someone your own size!" shouted Eileen. "Mind your business, witch! Unless you want a taste of what I gave the Mudblood?" In answer, Eileen shot off a hex at him that caused his knee to cave in. He fell to the ground, writhing in agony. Eileen gave a grim smile, then turned to face two more masked ones, who had come to see why their companion had not returned. She dueled the two of them competently, holding her own, but even so, it wasn't enough, for a third crept around her back and fired off a Killing Curse. A green light shot out and struck her before she could even turn around. She fell to the ground, lifeless. The three masked wizards laughed, and one kicked her body. "Interfering hag! Should have minded your own business." Then they were gone, vanishing into thin air. Severus remained frozen where he was, horror stricken. But at last he made himself move, running to the still form of Eileen Snape and shaking her. "Mum? Mum? Please . . . wake up!" But she was still. "Help! Somebody— help !" he screamed, tears falling down his face. That was how the Aurors found him a few moments later. Had they arrived ten minutes sooner, they might have prevented a tragedy. As it was, all they found were four dead bodies and one small five-year-old who refused to speak to them. "Has he spoken at all since . . .?" "No. I think he's in shock. I've called Wizarding Children's Services. We contacted all the shop owners nearby, one of them identified the witch as Eileen Prince Snape. The kid there's her son . . . witnessed the whole thing . . ." "Merlin! What a terrible thing to see!" "Aye! Poor thing . . .hopefully he's got a dad somewhere . . ." The voices floated above and around him, but he didn't feel like answering them. He was lying on a bed somewhere, in a blue room, and the voices were just outside the door. But he remained still. His mum had told him to be quiet and wait for her and that's what he was doing. Waiting. Soon some lady in a green coat came in, and asked him his name. He just looked at her. "Please tell me, little one. I promise, no one will hurt you here. I'm a Healer, my name is Brianne Loren. I know your last name's Snape, but can you tell me your first name?" He shook his head. "All right. You can tell me later. For now, can you drink this for me? It'll make you feel better." She handed him a vial of a very strong Calming Draft. Severus had had potions before, so he didn't fuss about taking them. The green lady gave him a sweet afterwards. "Thanks," was all he said, and it was said so softly that Loren almost missed it. "Oh! You poor thing!" she whispered, stroking his hair. "Don't worry, Child Services said they've called your grandparents. They should be here shortly." Severus just nodded, still lost in the nightmare. He didn't even react when his grandmother Vesper came and picked him up, rocking him back and forth, weeping quietly into his hair. "Oh, Severus! Losing your mother and father so close together . . . it's just dreadful! But we'll take you home with us . . . you can stay at Mirrorvale . . . you'll be our heir now . . . we'll raise you like our son . . ." Severus heard, but didn't respond. He let her carry him out of the room and then they vanished from the hospital and re-appeared in a large foyer in Mirrorvale Manor, which was the Prince ancestral home. Severus had only been there a few times that he could remember. He yawned and laid his head down upon Vesper's shoulder, too tired to cry. His last thought before he tumbled into sleep was of his mother and how much he was going to miss her. The funeral was held in the wizarding manner, and no one thought to contact the Evans family to let them know what had happened until a day later, when Vesper came to pick up some personal effects from the Snape house, like Tobias' coin collection and Greymalkin, who kept meowing for Eileen. Only then did Cinthy and Paul and the girls learn what had befallen Eileen and Severus. They were horrified and Lily cried hysterically, for she had loved Eileen like an aunt and she missed Severus something awful. Vesper promised to write and send her a letter with the Prince address. But in all the confusion and heartache following the funeral, she forgot her promise. Severus was a wreck, the horror of seeing his mother murdered before his eyes throwing him into a deep depression. He barely spoke, and had terrifying nightmares about the masked men, who would later be known as Death Eaters, killing his mother. The only creature who seemed to fill the empty hole in his heart was Greymalkin, who was now his familiar. It was over a year before he was well again, and by then he was trying to adjust to his new life with his grandparents and had forgotten all about the little red-haired girl next door. Until some six years later, when he went to Hogwarts.