all that nonsense" "And who is the poor soul going, my dearest papa?" Anastasia already knew the answer and her skin crawled, she cursed on name of Veles. Almost screamed inside her head. "You know you are only one I can send there, Anna. You would need to make the decision in there, about what our place is in all of this. No one else can make that call. I have already made the preparations, even thought this came so soon. As they asked, you will stay a week under a care of Headmaster Dumbledore. After that your mothers cousin will be happy to host you as longs there is a need. The minister Fudge will contact you and let you know about their plans. All you need to do is decide who you are taking with you and to pack." More Anastasia heard, more her face become iced. She hated British lifestyle, arrogance, old fashioned hypocrite actions. "We do have a friend near the Dark Lord, so you will meet him too at some point, so be careful. He maybe rising Dark Lord, but he is no less dangerous. "I don't care about the guard, just order someone, just no more than three. I just want Nasha with me and that new girl, she seems quite entertainment." Dutch nodded and Anastasia left the room. White wolf, who Anastasia had named Wera, was waiting for her behind the door. They could feel their queen's distress and bad mood. Anastasia sent the wolf find Nasha and bring her to her. She needed to pack and there was no chance she would be doing it herself. Nasha was better chocing her ladies clothes anyway, she knew exactly what Anastasia wanted. Anastasia didn't need to wait long till Nasha was knocking on her bedchambers doors. She curtsied to her lady as she walked in. Saying hello and walking right to Anastasia's closet, which was obviously why she even there. No one knew how long the trip would would take, so it was easier to prepare for everything. Of course they could have always bought new things, but Anastasia didn't like going to shops, she hated the crowds more than anything. Usually the shopkeepers would come to their townhouse at Moscow and show her their newest collections, where Anastasia could just chose what she liked. She couldn't trust to get same kind of service in London or service at all. The clothes Nasha packed had a very little color in them, black, red, grey and gold. She would never ever been seen something bright or light, it just didn't suit her. Dresses were heavy with uncomfortable corsets that had beautiful details on them. Warm furs, even thought she enjoyed the cold; she loved to feel the soft fur on her skin. And for last, revealing underwear, you would never know. It was also required to take evening gowns as she was supposed to attend some pompous parties. "Nasha, do I have any umbrellas? I assumed it's going to rain", Anastasia asked, being bored about the subject already. She loved her snow and ice but rain was something dreadful, it was dirty and simply wet. "We could change something else to be that? Unless you want me to ask from Lady Beatrice if she would give one of hers" Anastasia thought about it, but Nasha already knew the answer before her lady said anything and was on her way getting something they could sacrifice. "Oh and Nasha. Please do pack all my jewelry" 1959 The forest was dark as it could be and the trees were humming against the moonlight. Raindrops were sparkling in fallen leaves and animals made love in most natural way they could. A little girl lay in the wet grass, under the trees; you could barely see her as her black hair was tangled to the branches. The princess dress her mother had made her to wear was all ripped and the tears were falling out of her eyes which were closed so tightly as possible. She tried to image being somewhere else, as her father once told her that if she did it hard enough, she could appear somewhere else. Still, nothing happened. She regretted running away from the party so hastily and not looking at all where she was going. At some point she has noticed being completely lost and got even more afraid, ending up running even deeper in to the forest. She just had to get away. Feeling the touch of unfamiliar man on her skin, holding her wrist and forcing her lips against his. The four year old was petrified, so scared. She couldn't understand why the man was doing these things to her; all she knew was that it was so disgusting, horrifying and nauseating. She had to get away. So when the man loosed is grip and was moving his hands to the place under her dress that was so forbidden, she screamed and kicked. The man was so shocked so she could run away. She passed some of the servants, who tried to stop her but only making it worse. She just ran, ran and ran. She was shaking as she heard the howl. Her eyes opened in a flash, they were so spiking violet that someone could have been blinded. The howling got louder and closer. If she had been scared before now she was completely shaken, not able to move. It took her so much that she didn't even notice that she saw everything perfectly. They came closer, slowly and carefully. Not showing any kind of fear, they came right to the skin. One of them, obviously a female Alfa smelled the girl's hair and licked her face. She didn't move, she felt weird, like she could feel the wolves and not just physically, but in her heart. She didn't know how to act as the female Alfa laid around her, partly top of her as a loving mother of kind