seems that 2 dementors where found on the loose in the area. We at the ministry of magic apologize for any pain or distress this had caused, we have already alerted other family members and we are running an inquiry as to how this was allowed to happened. My condolences Madame Amelia Bones of the Department of magical law enforcement" I was shocked at this new information, however I couldn't bring myself to be sad about it. After that shebang I chose to avoid dinner in favor for a bottle of brandy tucked away in the sideboard along with a hot foamy bath. Time skip to September I stood at the gates of the school in its imposing glory holding a map and an assigned class number, class 1-A, as I walked up the stairs keeping my eyes close to the map, until someone bumped into me. "Hey watch it" said a male voice, causing me to look up and see a boy my age, he was taller than me and had ruby red hair along with eyes that looked like amber and garnets fusing into one, he also had a slightly muscly build, like a gymnast or a swimmer I had to admit he was quite handsome. "I'm sorry, It's just that I'm new here and I need to find my home room so I was more focused on the map than what was in front of me" I said trying and failing not to blush. "that's not my problem, clutz, but seeing as we're heading in the same direction, might as well take you there" he said exasperated as he grabbed by upper arm and started to drag me to homeroom. "Ahh Mr Najimi I see you've met our new transfer Miss Potter, I was beginning to think that she wouldn't arrive" said the teacher in a relieved voice causing the boy to quickly let go of me. He looked at me going bright pink with embarrassment. "y-you're the new transfer" he stuttered shocked and embarrassed at his actions towards me. Osano's POV: I can't believe it that girl is the transfer student, I heard we were getting one from England, but she certainly doesn't look English. I mean she looks like a girl straight out of the story books, with long white hair, big blue eyes and big boobs, she looked like a super model from somewhere cold like Norway or Canada but England. I sat at my desk and watched her introduce herself as Wisteria Potter, causing a lot of the boys to drool over her and a lot of the girls to either go green with jealousy or giggle with excitement after a few minutes of Q&A on her part she was directed to a seat by the teacher. I really wasn't paying any attention until I hear the chair next to me scrape causing me to turn and see her sit at the desk next to mine. She was sat next to me! Great now I won't be able to focus on my classes today, as the lesson progressed I found myself less interested in the history of the Shinsengumi and more focused on the girl next to me, perhaps I could invite her out after school maybe get her cell number. as the day progressed I found myself more and more interested in her than my lessons and being with my friends to the point when one of them gave me a slap to the back of the head. "Hey man what's with you today you seem distracted" said my friend Yusuke as my mind and my eyes began to wonder towards her during lunch. "it's nothing, just the new transfer" I replied trying to play it cool. "I know isn't she hot!" Said my other friend Masaomi who had a bit of drool on his chin as he began to oogle her, I couldn't help but let anger bubble inside me at Masaomi's perverse actions. "I heard that she transferred here because a fellow student at her last school was murdered" said Yusuke sinisterly as I began to look at her again, and I noticed that she had no lunch with her and she had the same expression on her elegant face, like she had tried to swollow nail's when I began to see the cracks in her façade her eyes where the dead giveaway, they seemed to show her emotion the most, she was sad, in pain and frightened, but why? I needed to find out. Perhaps I should just keep away from her for now at least until I've learned more about her. No one's POV: By the end of the day both Wisteria and Osano where tired and looking forward to going home for different reasons, for Wisteria it was so she could go to her night classes, and for Osano it was so he could forget about Wisteria, however his hopes were dashed when he found out that they lived in the same part of town so they had to catch the same bus to get home. this left Osano frustrated and in a rather odd predicament, it remain like this until they got off of the bus together when it all boiled over. "why are you following me?!" He demanded his eyes glowing like the embers of a fire. "I live at the top of the road here and I could ask the same of you for staring at me all day" Wisteria countered her eye's hardening like ice throwing Osano off guard, causing her to push past him and hurry on up the hill home so she could get ready for her evening classes leaving a bewildered Osano stood on the sidewalk frozen with shock and aww at her confedence to treat him the way she did. Hey Lovelies got a new story up, hope you like it. and I've got some news my interview for the navy is coming up wish me luck. Love snow