if Will had forgotten his love for astronomy—as he had his love for his child—while in Australia. He went back to the sitting room, cast a Tempus , and sat down to wait. Seventeen hours and some minutes later, Hermione blurred into existence in front of him, and collapsed onto the carpet. He flung himself to her side, and cradled her head, lifting it up off the floor. "I haven't been able to precisely control the Time-Turner after I modified it," she whispered sheepishly. "I can see that." It took all of his control not to rail at her, or weep with relief. "I'm okay," she said, sitting up with his help. "I can see that, too," he said, sarcasm heavily colouring his tone. She rolled her eyes. "You got my message." "Obviously." "How long have you been waiting for me?" "Here? Less than a day." "Thank you." She struggled to stand. "Can we sit?" she asked, indicating the sofa. He put his arm around Hermione's waist—which was dreadfully tiny—and led her across the room. "What did you learn?" Severus asked when they had both settled into the cushions. "The curse is a modified combination of a Diffindo and a Defodio , mixed with aspects of an Avada ." She sighed. "St Mungo's used a Confulcio on me, which works like a Reparo and means that—" "It seals the dark magic on the inside." "Yes." "You overheard him explain it, then." Hermione gave him a wry smile. "Let me ask you something. Knowing Dolohov, do you really think he was the one that developed it?" Severus huffed a laugh. "No." "You're right—he didn't. I still don't know who did. But I tracked down an object that reveals magical source, and used it to decipher the curse. I had to travel to Egypt to…borrow it. From a museum." From her pocket, she produced a silver orb with one flattened side, similar in size to a snitch, and placed it in his hand. He chuckled. "That's my girl." Hermione coloured and twisted her ring. "I left a thank you note at the museum…I thought I would gift it to St Mungo's with instructions detailing how it works...eventually…after I study it more thoroughly, of course." He smiled at her. "Good enough." She coughed and winced. Taking her hand, he said, "I assume you didn't heal yourself already, correct?" "No, I didn't. I believe we should incorporate bond-magic in the counter-curse, and in order to do that, I need you." It had taken several hours of magic that had depleted them both, but Hermione was healed. Hermione folded herself onto the sofa next to Severus and sighed. "So where did you find the Time-Turner?" "Lucius purchased it from a collector in Wales. The Ministry would not approve the use of the one housed in the Department of Mysteries." She smiled. "He's a good friend." He hummed his agreement, and Hermione chuckled. "A well-connected one," he clarified offhandedly. "It defies Croaker's Law," she pointed out, and smiled tentatively. "Yes." Severus raised an eyebrow. "Odd, don't you think, that Lucius would happen to find this particular one in his search?" She mumbled something he couldn't quite hear. "I presume you left a message for yourself on the ring," he said. "I did. The message activates when put it on your finger." Hermione smiled more widely. "I figured you wouldn't be trying it on before giving it to me." "A worthy assumption." "I wanted to assure myself that I was making the right decision to return to the past." He harrumphed, and they sat in comfortable silence for a while. "I left from my vault in Gringotts. The goblin will see you emerge, and after the robbery of the Lestrange vault and the loss of the Ironbelly…" Severus smiled crookedly at her. "They have a protection spell that prevents anyone from using an Obliviate within the bank." "I know." Hermione looked off into the distance as if she were contemplating something. Pulling the golden chain out from under her blouse, she muttered, "I can't seem to fix it," and her lips in frustration. "May I borrow yours for a moment? I…need to…eh…stop at the Ministry before we go back." When Hermione returned, just seconds after leaving, she said, "Do you mind if we go now? I don't want to stay in 1994 any longer." Severus stood, pulling her close and wrapping his arms around her. As she put the chain over his head, she whispered, "Three turns." He smiled at her. "Three turns." Epilogue: Three Days Later, Initial Wizengamot Hearing at The Ministry of Magic "The goblin Arnuk is willing to testify that you emerged from your vault with Miss Granger, apparently after using a Time-Turner to retrieve her from the past." The Auror looked gleeful at the prospect. Hermione pointedly did not look at Severus. "Auror McMichaels, I believe if you double check the paperwork, you will find that Headmaster Snape has been approved to use any and all Time-Turners, and has been, for years." McMichaels shuffled some paperwork around, raised an eyebrow, and glanced up suspiciously. "It appears you are correct, Miss Granger." "Madam Snape," she corrected. "As of this afternoon." "My apologies, Madam Snape." "Then I'm certain you will not want to waste the Ministry's precious time by going forward with this investigation," she continued. "Very well." The Ministry official sighed, and closed the manila folder in front of him. "Madam Snape. Headmaster Snape. You are free to go." "Thank you, Auror McMichaels," Hermione said. "One more thing. Headmaster Snape, I was asked by the Auror Office to inform you that your Probation Trace is set to expire at the close of business today. Apparently, there was some confusion with the paperwork, which has been rectified." Severus inclined his head in appreciation, making sure he did not catch his wife's eye. "I appreciate you letting me know." And half-smiling, half-smirking, he took his wife's hand and led her into the rest of their lives.