spell to lock her carriage door on the train ride home from Hogwarts. Miss Granger recognized my voice and black out on the spot. She evidently registered that she was safe. Her adrenaline ran out. I immediately conjured a blanket and apparated her here," he finished. McGonagall let out a sob. "Poor girl," she said. "And the brightest Hogwarts has seen since you Severus. She's topped every record you set." "So far," snarled Snape. "But she's only completed two years. If she manages to beat every one of my test sores after seven years then she would have topped me. However, I cannot deny that she is the brightest mind that I've had the privilege to teach. If she can just curb that need to be such a know it all show off, she will go far." "She will go far either way, Severus," huffed McGonagall. "And I have no doubt that she will exceed all your records. After all she beat your first-year potions score by more than fifty points, and your potions marks were record breaking, not to mention she brewed a perfect Polyjuice potion last year. None of the seventh years can do that. She set a record in Hogwarts history with charms, and her transfiguration marks beat Albus' in his first year, the girl is a genius Severus." "Let's just hope that this ordeal does not cause her to slack in classes," said Dumbledore. "That is to be expected after all. Miss Granger has suffered a terrible fate and one act out their pain in many ways. We must keep a close watch on Miss Granger upon her return to Hogwarts, to ensure that she does not harm herself or others." Nobody responded. Everyone seemed to retreat into their own thoughts which left her to continue feigning sleep. Her mind went over all that had happened. All that her father, adopted father had confessed to her and all that her had did. She was not a muggleborn. Her mother had been a witch. Probably a pureblood if she had to hide her in the muggle world to be safe. And probably a Slytherin, she thought after realizing that she had had a silver and green blanket for all her life. But who could that be? She thought again about what John had told her. Her father, her biological father was a Snape. Merlin's beard. She was a pureblood. Her father was Snape. She was a- "Snape," she finished aloud. She heard scuffles and she felt someone take her hand. She knew immediately that it was Snape. She could feel his calloused fingertips. She slowly opened her eyes again. All three professors were around her bed, but she had eyes only for Snape. "You saved me," she whispered, looking into the black eyes of her father? Was he her father? Snape nodded. "You are at St. Mungo's Hospital, Miss Granger," he said. "How do you feel?" "Alright," Hermione mumbled still searching Snape's face. Now that she really looked, she could tell she favored Snape, greatly. Her hair was dark brown, whereas his were black, and her eyes were blue to his black ones, but her eye brows looked like his, and her nose, though remarkable smaller, was shaped like his. She had his chin, and ears. Oh yes, she was looking at her father. Her biological father. Tears filled her eyes again and she looked away. "Miss Granger who did this to you," he asked quietly. She had never heard so much care and concern in Snape's voice before. Hermione began to cry in earnest now. Once it started it was impossible for her to stop. She found herself telling them everything that had happened in last twenty four hours. How her father had come into her room around six the previous evening and literally begged her, on bended knees, to have sex with him. She told how he flew into a full fledge rage at her refusal, physically attacking her like she was a man, before brutally forcing himself upon her, choking her during the act. She told how that was just the first time that night. She explained to them how he left her bloodied and sobbing in her room, only to return an hour later to rape her again, this time ejaculating on her body instead of inside her. She told them about how he returned an hour or so after that and raped her once more. She told how she'd awoken feeling horrible, hoping that the night before had been a dream, only for him to return again. When she got to the part about him confessing that she was adopted, everyone in the room had tears in their eyes, Snape included. She told them how John informed her that her biological mother left her on their doorstep, apparently for her protection, with a letter signed only as NMB. Snape's eyeballs widen until he resembled an owl. The atmosphere in the room changed severely. Professors Dumbledore and McGonagall was staring at each other in disbelief, obviously silently communicating with each other. "Are you sure those were the initials," whispered Severus next to her. Hermione nodded. "I'm positive" Severus had gone white as a sheet. He stood up. "I must leave Headmaster," he said stiffly. Hermione could hear the rage beneath his voice. Professor Dumbledore grabbed his arm. "Severus," he said with warning in his tone. Severus merely shook off his grip. He strode to the door with purpose. Opening it he paused and looked back at Hermione. His eyes softened. "I shall return later Miss Granger, to check on you" he said. His voice was shaking. Hermione looked into his eyes and saw that they were still sparkling with tears, a sight she would have never dream she would see. Their eyes locked and something passed between them, an unsaid understanding. Severus knew as he considered her eyes that she knew the truth as well. He had a child. A daughter. Hermione Granger.