bubbling, in different stages of brewing. Snape picked up one hissing cup from the table and handed to him. "You wanted to discuss something." asked politely "Yes, I made some improvements to the wolfsbane potion. It's been confirmed with Albus" he took the cup and sniffed it carefully, it did not smell different at all. "I do have original one prepared as well if you are unsure in my skill." smirked Snape reaching for the cup in his hands. Before another man could reach it, he drank the potion with a grimace on his face "You could work on a taste for your next 'improvement'" grumbled forcing the disgusting, slimy liquid down his throat once more, as it tried to reappear itself once again. "Mhm. Sit." Snape waved toward one armchair in the corner. "I just want to record some effects. This is your fourth dose, and effects should be starting to manifest themselves by now. Sit and alarm me if you start to fill any different, no matter how insignificant you think it is. I have to finish tending my potions. Do NOT touch anything." Snape returned to the table and he walked to the pointed chair feeling slightly dizzy. Quietly observing Snape's elegant almost graceful movements while he was adding ingredients, steering, adjusting the heat, Remus sank deeper in the armchairs rest. He closed his eyes, in thoughts returning to his school days. Remembering how many situations turned into Snape's favour now. A headache grabbed him unexpectedly, forcing him to moan. "Any changes?" Snape directed his attention to him "A headache and dizziness." "No, that is not it." Snape sounded almost disappointed Remus opened his eyes, suddenly aware that his senses are attacked rather aggressively. A Strong feeling of nausea flushed over him, and he moaned again, as buzzing in head got stronger. "Oh, for the love of Merlin! The smell!" "Smell?" Snape looked fully focused on him now "It is overwhelming. I can smell every single ingredient in this room, every potion and their ingredients at the same time, and the smells blend…" he gagged trying to stop his dinner and potion coming out through his mouth. "Hmmm, follow me." Snape tugged him out of the armchair. Fighting the waves of nausea, suppressing gagging, he stumbled behind Potion Master through not so long corridor, aware that they passed few strong barrier wards on their way. They entered in one spacious room. Left of them were yet another door, to the bathroom, presumed Remus. Across the room in the far right corner, another door was leading who knows where. On the both walls opposing each other there two large fireplaces, one stone cold with a pot of floo powder attached to its side, other with roaring fire. Two armchairs and small round table between them placed in front the active fireplace. Walls mostly cowered with bookshelves full of books and scrolls. Large, four-post bed was dominating the room; secretary table placed next to the other fireplace. Snape pointed to the armchairs: "You have to learn how to control your senses now." Remus moaned and he continued "They are going to stay heightened from now on." "This goes beyond anything I ever experienced even as …" stopped abruptly, he was not going to talk about his transformation to Snape "Describe it to me" "Am I your test subject now?" Snape's eyebrow went up again and he could not help but think One day it will stay like that permanently . "All right, I told you about the smell. My hearing is gone insane too; I can hear house elves chattering in the kitchen, I can hear every sound in … not sure how far actually." "As expected, now focus, I am sure that you can do at least that much. Focus on one thing and block everything else out." The instruction was easy enough but it took quite a few attempts for him before he was successful. Smells and sounds started to subside. "It is much better now, thank you." he whispered, his ears picking up as Snape's hear fastened his pace slightly his face was still as ever "Dizziness is still here though." "You may stay here for a while until it passes. I have to go and finish tending my potions. I advise you not to touch or prowl around; I will have a hard time explaining to Albus that I did not have the pleasure of killing you myself." coldly replied Snape and disappeared down the corridor. Feeling at least little bit better, now alone, with curiosity Lupin paid attention to the room. Room was warm and comfortable almost cosy, painted in black and blood-red, the floor was black, walls, and bed covers were red. Surprisingly, not even a hint of green in the room. The smell of lavender underlined with a hint of chamomile was dominant and shooting. One wall, left of the bed was not covered with books but had an enviable collection of chains, shackles and other torture devices. Managing to regain control of the most of the senses, became aware that he could not block one specific scent. Very strong and musky aroma of cheddar mixed with a mild hint of lavender and chamomile. Snape he realized, he could not block Snape's scent out. Nearly jumped at the sound of his host's voice "Feeling better now?" "I am getting there." he smiled "Interesting decorations." "You are at the dungeon after all." replied Snape, but his heart started to race again "Liar" groggily retorted, room started to spin fast suddenly, and he closed his eyes "Any other effects?" "Just feeling dizzy and one more." he mumbled, fighting to stay focused, feeling a bit panicky at the prospect of losing that battle "Yes?" "You. I cannot block you." "Me?" "Your smell. Cheddar, lavender and chamomile and your heartbeat, I keep hearing it no matter how I try to block it." words dimmed out as he slipped into unconsciousness. "Interesting" whispered Snape to oblivious Remus.