your name again?" "James Potter." "And you promise you'll make her drink it?" "Yep," James said, then corrected himself. "I mean yes. Ma'am. Yes ma'am." "Oh, don't call me ma'am," her mum said, "But you make sure she drinks that, James Potter." "Okay." "She likes to toss it in the flowerpot when she thinks I'm not looking." " Mum ." "Going, going." "And thank you," he said, lifting his hand to indicate his cocoa and biscuits. "Of course, dear. I'll be in there if you need me." Lily frowned at James. "Hush, Evans." James sat on the couch. "Drink, then I can give you contraband." "Cocoa?" He held up a biscuit. Lily made a face and shook her head. "You really are sick….which is why you need to drink that." "No." "Oh yes, you are," he said, pulling her into a sitting position. "I promised your mum." "Suck up." "Drink." "Traitor." "Drink." " Fine ." But instead of drinking, she tried to lay back down again. He grabbed her elbow and tucked her into his side, so that her head was resting on his shoulder. And that was playing foul, wasn't it? Of course she wouldn't want to move now . He picked the mug up from the coffee table, then placed it in her hand. "Drink, Evans." "You shouldn't be touching me, Potter. I'm really gross." "Nah." His shoulder shrugged, even though her head rested on it. "You're, like, five out of ten. Not eight." Lily smiled, despite the fact that the putrid tea wafted under her nose. " Liar ." "Yeah, but I don't mind." "Well, thank-you." "Drink." She did as he asked, if only to shut him up about it. Shuddered, because it tasted like rancid jelly slugs, didn't it? He had the bullocks to laugh at her. She pinched his side. "Ow! Is it really that bad?" When she held the mug under his nose, he cringed. " Fuck . Give it." He took the mug out of her hand and drained it into the houseplant. "That's foul, Evans, but it's nothing to the, er, perfume you're wearing." "Ew. Stop smelling me." "Can't help it—it's, er, very pungent." She snorted. "The rank scent of unwashed sickness?" "No. I mean yes, but there's also something"—he sniffed—"minty? Peppermint?" Lily blushed. "Oh, that's the vapor rub." "Hm?" "A salve, for the coughing." On cue, she started coughing again. That's what she got for talking so much, wasn't it? Her reward was James Potter rubbing her back. Completely unhelpful, but no complaints from her. After she recovered, they sipped his cocoa in comfortable silence. He assured her he could get a Pepper Up if he got sick, so what did it matter? And she was wrong—this, her and James, this was comfortable, wasn't it? Far more than she'd ever thought possible. He had a very cozy shoulder, after all, and his coat smelt rather better than unwashed rank, with a flavor of mint. Not unlike her Amortentia. (Not that she'd mention that to him .) Too soon for her liking, their friends filed back in, along with their mother. It was a flurry of activity, locating boots and mittens, and Lily was shivering from the opened front door. Eventually, though, they'd all filed past the couch with well wishes for a Merry Christmas. Mary promised to come visit for the New Year. Everyone except James. She was afraid he'd slipped out first, that she'd missed him, when he emerged from the hall with a blanket. "I couldn't deprive you of my coat, could I, without giving you something in return?" He traded his coat for the blanket—not that shitty thing she'd been using, but a big, cozy one from the linen closet. "My hero ." "'Course I am." Reckless, flirting in front of her mother, but she couldn't bloody help it, could she? "Sorry 'bout the germs." "No worries. Take care, yeah? And drink your tea." He bent over the back of the sofa to ruff her hair. Her greasy, unkempt hair, but he didn't seem to mind. She didn't mind it, either. She did mind her mother's knowing look, though, so she brushed his hand away. Her mother bid him goodbye, then closed the door after him after he left. "Well, that was an adventure," her mum said. "I'm sure you're you out." Lily nodded and—hopefully for the last time—collapsed on the sofa again, burrowing into her blanket. "It did…but it was nice." "You have good friends, love." "Yeah, I do." Lily rolled over on her side, burying her face into the couch cushion. "Don't think that falling back to sleep is going to prevent you from answering all sorts of questions about that boy in the morning." "Night, mum. Merry Christmas." She'd answer her mum's questions about James Potter in the morning, or as soon as she had some. For now, she was knackered, and warm and cozy for reasons that had nothing to do with her mum's tea, and she wanted nothing more than to sleep through until Christmas morning. Long before Christmas morning dawned, however, the wretched doorbell rang again, waking her up. No, that was the cuckoo clock from her father's den. No, the cuckoo clock didn't hoot . Nor did it rap at the window. She opened her eyes, disoriented for a moment until she realized she'd been moved to her bedroom. Her dad must have done when he got home from work. She was in her bedroom, and a little tawny owl sat outside her window sill. It hooted again. Lily heaved herself off the bed and dragged herself to the window. After letting the owl in and relieving it of its burdens, she was amused, and grateful, but not entirely surprised to read: "Miss Peppermint, Bribed dad into brewing this, since he's the Potioneer. It's fresh, so it should work like a brick. Mind the steaming ears, and chuck that vapor rub when your Mum's not looking. Happy bloody Christmas, Your Hero"