began marking off each and every one of the offenses listed on the form, reading them aloud as she did so. "Constantly and intentionally disrupting class, "Blatantly disrespecting teachers, "Threatening other students physically, "Threatening other students magically," she paused to glare at the twins again. "Entering extra-house dormitories without permission, "Entering teacher quarters without permission, "Entering the Forbidden Forest without permission, "Leaving the grounds without permission"—horrified looks began stealing over the twins' faces as McGonagall continued to check every offense, regardless of whether or not the brothers had committed it— "Major damage or destruction of Hogwarts property, "Theft from the Hospital Wing, "Theft from the Potions Lab, "Unauthorized research in the Restricted Section of the Library, "Unauthorized research of the Dark Arts, "Use of Banned or Restricted Spells, Curses, or Jinxes!" McGonagall finished triumphantly, slapping down her quill and flourishing the marked-up form."You can see how your mother reacts to that !" Both twins' faces were redder than their hair as they stared open-mouthed at Professor McGonagall, terrified and flabbergasted. George was gripping the back of his chair so tightly that it began to splinter in his hand. Fred seemed on the verge of tears. Then McGonagall's face smoothed into no more than its usual sternness, she calmly crushed the incriminating parchment in her hand, tossed it into the air and, with a flick of her wand and "Incendio!" left it as nothing more than ash that fluttered down on top of the twins' ink-covered desk. "Scourgify!" and the ink was gone, and she gently laid the boys' wands down before them. "Be sure I never truly have to write you up," she said almost kindly, with the smallest hint of a grin touching the corners of her mouth. Then she turned away and began restoring the classroom to its original order. For a long moment there was no sound in the Transfiguration classroom but McGonagall's quiet cleaning, repairing, and restoring spells, and the harsh, fast, adrenaline-induced breathing of the Weasley brothers. Then, suddenly, Lee Jordan let out of ringing peal of laughter, draped himself over Fred and George's shoulders, and managed to stutter out, "Oh Merlin, Merlin, Merlin did we get you good. You were so ruddy terrified , I've never…never…" he trailed off again incoherently. The twins began to join in, almost hysterically. "You mean…it was…was…"—"a joke ?!" Lee nodded frantically, trying to catch his breath between bouts of hilarity. And suddenly the rest of the class lost all semblance of control, giggling and chortling and hooting with laughter, from the most outgoing Gryffindors to the most reserved Ravenclaws, with Professor Minerva McGonagall imperturbably restoring order in the midst of the class's chaotic enjoyment of a joke well played. Very Slightly Later When the bell had rung and the students had finally stopped laughing, Roger Davies strode up to the twins, who were still leaning against their desk in a mixture of relief, amusement, disbelief. "I'm afraid it was my idea, mates. No hard feelings?" he said, holding out his hand. "'Course not!" said Fred, shaking it. "What kind of wimps would we be, if we could dish it out but couldn't take it in?" added George, also shaking Roger's hand, and splattering him with the remainder of the ink in the bottle while he was at it. Roger spluttered and shook, but grinned ruefully. "I guess I deserved that. But…" he trailed off. Professor McGonagall had walked up impressively, having finally put the classroom back to its proper order. "But, after all, it was really you, Professor, wasn't it?" said George, smiling sheepishly. McGonagall raised an eyebrow. Both twins snorted in amusement. "You sure got us good, Professor," Fred said, shaking his head ruefully, "you sure got us good." "Thank you," she replied politely, and strode away from the kindled light of respect she had just seen in the brothers' eyes. She had won—this round, at least. Fin. A/N-1: Thanks for reading! I really hope you enjoyed this; it was incredibly fun to write. And sorry for the small angst-invasion in the third section...it's impossible to discuss the Marauders without it. But, overall, I hope you found it funny :). I'd be very grateful if you could leave a review! A/N-2: So earlier I disclaimed my ownership of the storyline? Well, it's true. The prank belongs to my mother. She was teaching an eighth grade physical science course at a private school to a class with a resident troublemaker—let's call him Bill—whose favorite troublemaking was to rearrange the classroom furniture every time she stepped outside to speak to another student (it was school policy for how to deal with misbehavior). It was her first year teaching and she was greatly frustrated; when, at the end of the year, the rest of the class came up to her and said, "We know how to get Bill back!" she agreed. So, on the last day of school, two students staged a fight and she took them outside. The rest of the students began 'reorganizing' the furniture, and when my mom came back in she immediately rounded on Bill and started chewing him out for the disturbance. She pulled out the serious offenses form and began checking everything off, from 'disturbing the class' to 'illegal use of drugs and alcohol.' Bill's face just got redder and redder—he had a Molly-Weasley-type mother whom he never wanted to get a form like that. My mother's poker-face, however, is not as good as McGonagall's; about half-way through the form she cracked and started laughing, at which point the joke came out. Later, Bill came up to her and said, "You got me good." Yes, my mother is amazing :). (And if on the one-in-a-gadzillion-chance Bill the Resident Troublemaker reads this and recognizes it, well: thanks so much for the laughs all these years! It has become one of our staple household stories, and I hope you don't mind my using it here. After all, my mom really did Get You Good ;). )