told us," Vic responded. "Well, I mean, it was pretty obvious you guys would get together eventually," said Luke. "I get, I get" Victoire said, before she continued, "well basically all I did was hang out with Teddy all summer. For why I was late, Frank, was because James caught Teddy and I snogging, then told everyone, then Teddy and I had to confirm it to them, then we lost track of time." "You guys were snogging in the middle of the platform, and you really didn't expect James to find you? Come on, it was like you sent him an invitation," Frank told her while he laughed at Victoire and Teddy's ignorance in that situation. "Yeah, we were stupid, I get it, but enough about me, how were your summers." OoOoOoOoOoOoOoO Meanwhile, a hour earlier, in a compartment on the other side of the train... "Rose, do you still want to be in Gryffindor," asked a nervous Albus. "Yeah, I do, Al, calm down, I can tell you're nervous," Rose told her cousin. Just as Rose finished saying that, the one and only James Potter and Fred Weasley burst into the compartment. Both with a grin that they always had on their face whenever they pulled a prank. "What did you guys do," Albus asked them, suspicion creeping upon him. "Nothing, we are just waiting for Victoire to get back to her compartment so she doesn't see James, then decide to kill him," Fred told them. "Yeah, we have too many important things to do, getting stopped by Victoire will not help us get it done," James agreed. "By 'important things,' do you mean pranks," Albus asked. "Of course I mean pranks, little bro, what else is important to me?" James told Albus. "Oh, I don't know, maybe the one girl you ask out every-" Fred started to say. "Shut up, Fred, Victoire is probably in her compartment already, no need to worry about her anymore, let's go" James said as he rushed out of the compartment blushing. Albus and Rose shared a look. They didn't know James liked a girl, and they never saw him blush like that before. "Don't run away from your problems, James, they are going to find out eventually, I mean you seem to ask her out every hour on the hour," Fred yelled to James while he chased after him. "Oh, this is rich, James, getting rejected by a girl. Oh boy, I got to tell Uncle Ron and Uncle George so they can pick on him about it," Albus said mischievously, an evil grin plastered on his face. "Merlin, you sounds like James," Rose said while she laughed at Albus' face after she said it. "No, I am not like James, not at all," Albus said while crossing his arms. "I know you're not, I was joking with you, take a joke for merlins sake," Rose told Albus, still laughing. "Hey, can I sit he-" a boy with white blonde hair started to say, then he realized who was in that compartment. Albus and Rose stared wide eyed at him. They didn't know what to do. They recognized him as the boy Ron told them to stay away from, who was named Scorpius Malfoy. They all just stared at one another in awkward silence for a minute. Then Albus said, "Well you wanted a compartment, didn't you, sit down." Scorpius obeyed and sat down. This just made for more awkward silence, until Scorpius said, "So what house do you guys want to be in?" "I want to be in Gryffindor, like the rest of my family, names Al, by the way," said Al. "So do I, my names Rose," Rose then told him. "Yeah, I know who you guys are, my dad pointed you out at the platform, told me stay away from you," Scorpius said awkwardly. "Ha, my dad said that too, I wish they would let go of their prejudices, or at least not get us involved in them, I mean, we're not them," Rose told Scorpius, while she laughed at the fact her dad and his arch nemesis said the same thing about each other. "I know, it's annoying, isn't it?" Scorpius said while he laughed along with Rose. "Totally," Albus joined in. "So, Scorpius, that's your name, right?" Albus asked waiting for Scorpius's nod, then continued, "What house do you want to be in?" "I honestly don't know, both my parents were in Slytherin, but I don't really know if I want to be in it, I mean, I'm not like them at all, my dad still is a bit prejudiced, my mom isn't, she is overly perky, I don't know why she was in Slytherin," Scorpius explained "I really hope I'm not in Slytherin," said Albus, while his fear of getting into Slytherin started up again. "Sorry about him, he just is terrified at the idea of being the first Potter in Slytherin, we all blame his brother, James, for doing this to him, he keeps telling him he will be in Slytherin," Rose explained to Scorpius. They continued talking about random stuff for the rest of the train ride until Alice came in and told them they were going to be there soon, so they should change. Alice Longbottom was the Longbottom's youngest child, she had long blonde hair and bright blue eyes, she was also a first year, like Albus, Rose, and Scorpius. Scorpius and Albus went to change while Rose stayed, she already had her robes on. By the time they got back, it was time to get off the train. "First years, over here!" yelled Hagrid. The trio then walked over to Hagrid, ready to start their Hogwarts adventures. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo A/N: What did you guys think? Was it okay? I know it was probably boring, but I had to introduce everyone, and that is always boring. I promise things will start to pick up in the coming chapters. Till next time :) ~~~Lanie~~~