pride. "I remember Dudley pushing me around all day and your bossy attitude helped me overcome all the fears. I can do nothing without you and you being bossy, my love." Harry said with said a sweet voice that Hermione could not help blush. Then, her took her hands in his and spoke after staring at them for a couple of minutes, "I love how soft and small your paws are (to which Hermione scowled). They fit easily in my hands. I knew that a many times you have scratched me, but I like the feeling of your hands in mine. I wish I could hold your hand like this forever, but then you would not be able to walk..." With this, Harry started giggling like a madman. Hermione was so confused and irritated that she ignored whatever he said next, until his next words broke her out of her reverie. "….and your bushy, fluffy, twitchy little tail. I love how you hold your tail high when you walk." Hermione was so flabbergasted that she fell out of the chair with a loud clash. Harry suddenly woke up with a "I LOVE YOU" and then knelt down beside Hermione and told her "I love you Tubby". "Tubby?" Hermione pondered aloud. "Yes, Tubby, my faithful, beautiful, cuteful, littleful, careful, joyful, cheerful, hopeful, kindful, loveful, happyful and not a fool cat", with this he, broke down crying. "Harry, what happened?" Hermione rushed to catch him as he fell down and he started sobbing violently. "Oh, Tubby! Why did you ran away? Did you not care about me? Did you not love me anymore? Why Tubby? Why?" "Harry, what happened to Tubby?" Hermione asked even though she feared the answer. "I do not know. One day she was there, and the other day she was not", Harry said in a sad voice, "You know, Hermione, you remind me of her. She was just like you- small, little, happy, joyful happy cat. She was always there with me. She was always there, when Uncle Vernon and Dudley made me work hard and kept me hungry. She was always there to play with me, my first friend. She never asked for anything, never wanted anything. Just was there for me, always made me happy, took care for me and kept me safe. It's been seven years Hermione, seven years, and I have not seen her". Hermione felt her heart break for Harry's sadness. "She was the most beautiful cat I had ever seen, Hermione, small, little, with soft paws and a soft meow. She always looked for me and never ever went away even if anyone insulted her. She was orange, Hermione, orange. Her eyes were brown and deep. It was as if she knew me personally, and I still believe that I was related to her somehow. She had pointed ears and a long fluffy tail and she loved me..." After that Harry was so lost in his emotions that he could not say a single word and then started sobbing. Hermione came up beside her, laid his head on her shoulders and held him as he cried his heart out. After a few moments, Harry finally calmed down and sat back with an alert when he heard the door being opened. Fred and George Weasley came inside the room with a blue and a green bottle in their hands each and stopped dead in track when they saw the disheveled state Harry was in, and Hermione with tears in her eyes. "What happened?" they asked in unison. "Nothing, he was just remembering his cat, Tubby", Hermione spoke softly and Harry broke down again hearing the name. "Okay, hold him", one of the twins said and Hermione held Harry tight. They then wrenched opened Harry's mouth and poured down the little vial of potion down his throat. Harry's irises shrunk to points and he spoke "I want you back, Tubby". He then began thrashing wildly and fell down asleep. The Weasley brothers then carried him and took him to the Gryffindor tower, to his dorm room. They put him on the bed and said to Hermione, "He will not remember anything in the morning." "Okay, and remember not to give him anything like that ever and keep in mind to keep the anti-whatever potion ready with you always." Hermione threatened them hotly. "We do not guarantee anything Hermione but we will try. And it would be appreciated if you not speak of this incident to anyone. We will offer you special discount for this." Fred said smiling lightly. "Pleasure doing business with you ma'am. Thank you. Please come again." George said with a huge grin and took out a business card out of robe and gave it to Hermione. The brothers then looked towards Harry once again, bowed to Hermione and went out of the room. Hermione looked down to the visiting card that read Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes and put it in her robe. "Might need it someday", she smiled and then looked at Harry. She covered him with the quilt. She smiled softly at him, said, "May you get another Tubby again Harry" and then shut the door to the dorm oblivious to the fact that a small orange cat with pointed ears and bushy tail was sitting on the windowsill, looking over at Harry smiling softly and lovingly. -Fin- This is the first time that I have written a short story, like ever in my life. The idea just kind of popped into my head and I decided why not to write it down! So, folks! Here it is, the first fully furnished and finished story of mine. I would also like to thank my sister for Beta'ing this story, because let's admit it, it would be really boring and irritating to read a story with a big deal of mistakes. Finally, please tell me your opinions regarding this story. More stories are about to come. Keep on hold. Goodbye. ~Somewhat Different.