view. Well, three girls to be exact. But two of the girls had maybe one brain cell combined so they typically didn't count as they were too busy trying to figure out how a door worked. Taylor Williams and her Double A posse., which consisted of Abigail 'Abbi' Jones and Allison 'Alli' Davies. They were by far the worst people in their year, even worse than the Marauders which was saying something. These three girls were obnoxious, entitled, selfish, demeaning, rude, and stupid all rolled into three human shaped containers. That paired with the fact that they wore more makeup that should be humanly possible and wore shoes that looked like they could stab someone and uniforms that were definitely at least two sizes too small, they were probably not even human. "Well look who finally crawled out of the trash," Taylor said to Elaine, tossing her light brown hair over her shoulder and laughing in a very high pitched, helium induced way. "Who? You?" Elaine countered, raising a brow at Taylor, giving her a fake smile, and imitating her laugh, which sounded sort of like a dying cat. "Puh-lease. As if. I'm sorry not everyone can be as disgusting as you," Taylor said with a sneer. "Oh good one Tay," Abbi said with her signature airhead giggle. It sounded like she was delirious and was laughing at everyone. "Why don't you mind your own business for once," Emily asked, shooting a glare in her direction. "If we want to smell your toxic stench, we would find you ourselves. It wouldn't be hard. We would just have to follow the trail of dead flies," she said with a slight eye roll. "You're the one who looks like trash. You smell like it to," Taylor said, wrinkling her nose. "Are you still mad about the little accident last year?" she asked. Elaine clenched her jaw remembering when Taylor 'accidentally' trashed all of Emily's notes the week before OWLs. It took all four of them, Elaine, Rani, Julianne, and Catherine, to restrain Emily from killing Taylor. Not that any of them minded if Emily had actually killed her. "I would really appreciate it if you left," Julianne said, her usual smile was replaced with a straight face. "Fine. No sense of humor I see," Taylor snapped as she turned on her heel and gestured for her posse to follow her back down the train. As soon as they were out of earshot, Emily slumped in her seat and glared at the wall. "I hate her so much," she said, her anger and irritation was evident. Elaine sat next to her and leaned her head on her shoulder. Julianne joined them and sat on Emily's other side. Despite hating all of them, Taylor seemed to have a personal vendetta against Emily, which no one could understand. "She's an idiot. I'm surprised she isn't a first year still," Elaine assured her, doing her best to be a good friend and help her, but she was terrible at this stuff. "I know. I just don't know why she hates me so much. I didn't even do anything to her until she started with me," Emily said, still frowning, but her anger seemed to be ebbing away slowly as she realized that Taylor wasn't worth her time. "No one knows. She just has tunnel vision that way. Just know, we're going to cause some havoc this year," Elaine said, giving her friend a goofy smile. "What about late night salsa parties?" Julianne asked moving to the opposite bench. All of their roommates were always annoyed when Julianne and Emily stayed up late dancing. They had snuck out a few times to dance undisturbed and had only been caught once, which Elaine had found impressive. She personally couldn't dance to save her life. "Very true," Emily said, her frown gradually changing to a smile. "We can't have our roommates go a day without telling us to shut up." "Exactly," Julianne said happily as she leaned against the side of the compartment and closed her eyes. "Sorry, I'm tired," she said softly as she yawned. "Did you get no sleep?" Elaine asked, raising a brow at her friend across from her. "Two hours," Julianne replied as she crossed her arms behind her head and stretched out. "You need to sleep more," Emily replied simply as she got out a sparkly purple marker as she watched Julianne slowly drift off. "Yeah yeah," she said as she passed out. She must really have been tired to fall asleep so soon, but Elaine didn't mind. They were going to arrive to school in a couple hours anyway, and then she would be working her butt off in NEWT classes now that they finished their OWLs. It was going to be time consuming, better to get all the sleep she could get. "Are you going to fall asleep too?" Emily asked. "Maybe, maybe not. I'm not tired yet," Elaine said as she readjusted so her back was leaning against Emily and her face was towards the window. "Alright then," Emily said, pulling out a book with a small picture of her and their group of friends used as a bookmark. Elaine did the same and pulled out her own book and flipped to her identical bookmark. It was a picture of her, Emily, Rani, Catherine, and Julianne all smiling and laughing. Catherine would always look up and beam at whoever looked at the picture, Rani would roll her eyes in a good nature, Emily and Julianne would just laugh and almost fall over, and Elaine herself would just stick out her tongue as they all looked like they were laughing at an inside joke. Probably one of Rani's bad puns. She couldn't even remember when they took this. It looked no more than three years ago and they looked like they were little kids. "I'll let you know when we get there," she told Emily as Emily's back was to the window.