there's Gretchen Finnigan- a total gossip machine. She knows a crazy amount about literally everybody at Hogwarts. She uses it, too, and clutches onto her blackmail like a rat to cheese. She's crazy evil." Teddy interrupted by clearing his throat and Dominique sighed in reply. "She's a sixth year Gryffindor, their Seeker. Finally, there's Satan, better known as Polly Chapman. She terrorizes literally everyone. She's a fourth year Gryffindor." "Next popular... Probably the Jocks," Teddy said. "There isn't a real leader of the group, to be honest. There's Louis, he's a fourth year Hufflepuff, and our best Chaser. Then there's Fred and Roxanne. Fred's a third year Gryffindor Beater, Roxanne's a second year Ravenclaw Beater. Finally, there's Cal or Callum Thomas, a second year Gryffindor Keeper." "There are the Posh Nerds, as we call them. Some are more liked than others," Dominique giggled. "Most liked would be Lily. She's a fourth year Gryffindor, and a Chaser. She wants to be a prefect quite desperately. Then there'd be Frank Longbottom, a second year Hufflepuff who plays as Chaser. Uhh... Lucy, a fourth year Hufflepuff, plays Chaser for us... Molly, her sister, who people don't really like. She's in our year, and she's our prefect. Plays as a Beater for us. I think that's it." "Rose," Teddy said. "Oh! Right. Rose. Everyone manages to forget about her. She's a great know-it-all, plays as Gryffindor Beater. She's a sixth year, and she's a Prefect." "Then... Us, I suppose." Teddy said. "Everyone knows about us. No one really cares about us, though." "Them!" Dominique said and pointed at the window out of the compartment. Two girls walked by. The first one was short and thin, with a choppy black bob, porcelain skin, a pixie nose, and bright blue eyes. "That's Alice Longbottom," the next one was slightly taller, and had honey blonde hair, shoulder length, with less pale skin, light brown eyes, and a similar face. "And that's her little sister, Augusta. Alice is a Ravenclaw, and some people hate her, because she's weird, and some people don't. Augusta... Well, again, some people hate her, some don't, but her weird is different. I'm not sure how to describe it. They keep to themselves, though." "Then, there's the Too-Goods. They're Goodie-Two-Shoes', and they think they're too good for everyone else." Teddy explained. "Clever," I said. "None of them are liked, per say, but Theodora Nott is the least disliked, I suppose. She lets anyone copy off her homework. She's a second year Ravenclaw, plays Chaser. Then Taylor Higgins, who makes a point of telling everyone who copies off Theodora that she won't snitch. She's a second year Slytherin. Then Veronica, who's a first year, so we don't really know much about her. She is Taylor's sister, though." "Then, there's the Outcasts. They're all weird, and they're all really different, but they hang out because they're all disliked. There's Ruby and Robby. Ruby is a Hufflepuff, and acts as Announcer for Quidditch. Robby is Ravenclaw's worst Chaser. They're twins, and they're in their third year. There's Vernon Dursley, a muggleborn, who's a Ravenclaw Chaser, also in third year. You should watch out for them, because people tease them horribly." "Why?" I asked. Dominique shrugged. "People suck. They do that." I frowned, then hugged my knees. "Finally, the Silver Trio." Teddy said. Dominique made a face. "They're totally rude." "They're misunderstood," Teddy corrected. "And it's made them rude." Dominique assured. "Hugo, you met him. He's autistic, and can hardly do magic. Albus, who's treated weirdly by the family because he's a bit odd." "He's super rude," Dominique said. Teddy sighed. "He's sweet, if you get to know him." Dominique scoffed. "Anyway... Then, finally, there's Scorpius Malfoy. He's an odd one, and I don't know much about him." "He's kinda nice, but generally ignores people." Dominique said. "They're all Slytherins. Hugo's a third year, and Albus and Scorpius are fifth years. Scorpius is a prefect and Quidditch captain, he's a damn good Seeker. Albus is okay at Quidditch, he's a Chaser, and is co-captain. Hugo's their best Chaser, though." I sat there, absorbing everything, then nodded. "Okay." "Any questions?" Dominique asked brightly. "Nope," "You don't want to know the hottest couples? The sad singles? The most promising cute boys? Or, y'know, hottest single birds, if you're into that instead?" Teddy rolled his eyes, laughing. "Sure," I laughed gently. "But only because you seem so excited to tell me." Teddy laughed harder and Dominique grinned. "Of course I am! Anyway. Of course Teddy and Victoire are the hottest couple-" "Oh, please-" "Because the single hottest girl in school started dating this total nobody-" "If I'm a nobody, then so are you," Teddy grinned. Dominique laughed. "I never claimed any differently. Anyway, there's also Nolan and Delphi, Beck and Gretchen, and Louis and Polly. Other than that, there are rumors that Albus and Scorpius are dating, or that Scorpius and Hugo are, or even that Hugo and Albus are." "They're cousins!" I exclaimed. Dominique grinned as Teddy shook his head. "So? It's legal." "Still gross," Teddy said. "Whatever. Hottest dudes... Everyone likes James, Beck, and Nolan. Beck has long black hair, a deep tan, smoldering eyes... A total hunk. Nolan's cool, if you like ginger nerds, which I do not. Louis, I hear, but ew. Hottest girls, every single Perf. Lily. Me. And, now, you," Dominique grinned. My eyes widened and I immediately shook my head. "Me? No. Definitely not, I-" "Dude! You're smoking hot!" Dominique laughed, she smacked Teddy. "Dude, tell her!" Teddy met my eyes, seeming very amused. "You're very pretty, Sov." "In fact, you're right on par with Victoire, which is just a hair prettier than me." "Oh, no," I insisted, incredulous. "You're way prettier than me." We continued to argue about it for a while, before Teddy finally made us agree to disagree. We spent the entire train ride like that, talking and goofing off, and for a while, I actually forgot to hate my life.