Draco. "It's no problem at all. This was going to be a tame party anyway. We'll warn you before we have you come to an 'adults only' party." More guests arrived over the next few minutes and, true to his word, Harry had forewarned his friends that Draco Malfoy would be present. Most of them even made an effort to greet him politely. Scorpius was quite popular among the party guests. He was cuddled, kissed and tickled by nearly everyone. After finishing his firewhiskey, Draco felt more prepared to be social. He eyed the group thoughtfully before approaching Hermione and Ginny. He relaxed a bit when they smiled at him. He'd been observing everyone and noticed that Harry, Ron and Ginny were strangely attentive to Hermione. Rather than enjoying the attention, Hermione waved them off impatiently despite their anxious expressions. Draco had thought that Harry simply had a tendency to hover and worry excessively about his friends. But, seeing similar behavior from the two red-heads made him reconsider his initial assumption. However, their behavior didn't effect him and he wasn't about to start asking questions like a nosy Gryffindor. He had enough problems of his own. "You look good," he told Hermione, his lips quirking into a slight smirk. "Thank you," Hermione replied, feeling her cheeks warm. "The girls put a lot of work into my appearance for the party." "I see you nearly everyday Granger," Draco reminded her. "They can't have done much." Ginny grinned widely and nudged Hermione playfully. "He's saying that you're pretty," Ginny whispered rather loudly. "I'd figured that out, thanks," Hermione muttered, wishing she could stop blushing. Draco chuckled and then looked at Ginny. "You're looking quite lovely as well," he said politely. "I know," Ginny replied with grin. She eyed Draco and nodded appreciatively. "You look positively edible," she commented. Hermione had chosen that moment to take a sip from her champagne glass and very nearly spat it back out. She swallowed hastily, then turned to cough and clear her throat. Ginny and Draco were sputtering with laughter. "Ginevra Weasley, what a thing to say," Hermione scolded. Harry approached them with a mildly puzzled smile. "Is Ginny misbehaving again?" he asked, winking at the red head. "She's a shameless hussy," Hermione declared, giggling at Ginny's indignant huff. "Aren't you a lucky bastard?" Draco said, smirking at Harry. "I suppose the depends on how you look at it," Harry responded, rolling his eyes. Ginny pinched his bum in response. George approached carrying Scorpius who was sucking his thumb on one hand and clutching at George's red hair with the other. George passed the baby to Harry with a smile before he grinned at Hermione. "Time for a dance Hermione," he said, taking her glass of champagne from her and handing it to Ginny. He lead Hermione toward the open space in front of the stage before pulling her close for a slow dance. The others took turns playing with Scorpius so they could pair up and dance. Ginny grabbed Draco for a dance, making Harry laugh at Draco's surprised expression. As the night got later, Draco had eventually danced with all of the women except for Hermione. George had attempted to request Draco's hand for a dance as well, but the red-head only received Draco's horrified expression in response. George had laughed before scooping Scorpius up and twirling him around while the infant laughed. When Dean finally relinquished his hold on Hermione, Draco approached them. Dean offered Draco a friendly nod and Hermione turned and smiled. Draco held out his hand wordlessly, keeping a smirk on his face despite the sudden anxious feeling in his stomach. Ron and Harry stood side by side, watching as Hermione placed her hand in Draco's. "He's been alright tonight," Ron commented quietly. Harry nodded. "He's watched Hermione all night," he whispered. He chuckled softly at Ron's sudden wide-eyed expression of alarm. "Relax Ron. They're both single and she looks amazing. I've talked to Malfoy a few times in the past week. He's still a bit of a git sometimes, but he's decent enough. He just feels comfortable with her. Poor bloke must be horribly lonely after losing his wife." He felt strange expressing sympathy for Malfoy, and he assumed Ron felt the same when he saw his friend wince at the mention of Malfoy's loss. "Alright," Ron said reluctantly. "You've made your point. The war's over, people change and that poor sod has a broken heart." He sighed and shook his head. "I'll try Harry. Can't promise that I'll be best mates with him, but I'll be as civil as humanly possible," he said. "You've got a big heart," Harry said with a smile. Draco felt reluctant to release Hermione at the end of the song, but he did it anyway. Dancing with her had been oddly comforting. She smiled at him, her cheeks tinged a lovely pink. "Thank you," Hermione murmured. "It was my pleasure," Draco responded politely. "I should probably get Scorpius to bed now." Hermione nodded in understanding. She walked across the room to pick up Scorpius where Seamus and George were making faces to make the baby laugh. She gently kissed the baby's soft cheek as she walked him back to his father. "He's wonderful," Hermione said fondly, passing the child back to Draco. "It was lovely seeing you again Malfoy," Ginny said sincerely. "I'm not around much since I'm touring with the Holyhead Harpies, but I hope I get to see you next time I'm around." "Thank you," Draco responded with a nod. He carefully wrapped his son in a blanket to protect him from the wind and moved to the door. Befor ehe could walk out, Harry approached him again. "Come round for dinner after work one day," Harry invited. Draco's eye narrowed with suspicion. "Why?" he asked cautiously. "Just a friendly invitation, I promise," Harry chuckled. "No expectations." He was pleased when Draco nodded before walking out so he could apparate home.