anyway? His 'friends'? Albus made himself another cup of tea and took in a deep breath "Back when Grindelwald was a threat, I made a deal with Gervaise Ollivander. We traded information that helped both of us. In the end, I helped him with a personal family matter and in return he gave me a blood oath." Severus took this information in and processed it slowly. He stood and looked to the fireplace with his hands behind his back. "A blood oath. Goes to the whole family line." "Yes, his oath granted me one favor of the Ollivander House in which they could not deny or their whole family bloodline would be cursed. One by one their bloodline would die out. For one of the purest bloodlines of the sacred 28, it was a serious matter." Albus paused and looked at the younger man waiting for any sort of response from him. But he stood there looking to the fire soaking in all he was giving him. He continued "At the time of her departure, the war was just starting. Tom was recruiting everyone and soon we had no one left to trust. The information I had, the object itself was too dangerous to fall into his hands. I had to hide it." "And sending a 17 year old girl into the future was the best you could come up with?!" Severus spun around and slammed his hands on the small table holding the tea tray. There it was, the outburst he was waiting for. "Believe me. I never wanted to send her. It was for the greater good. There were two Ollivanders remaining. Garrick and his granddaughter. Garrick, our current wand maker, had begged me to send him, but I couldn't. Everyone would notice Britain's most renown wand maker missing for over a decade." "You should have let him. You should have spared the girl and let the old man go." Severus' tangent was cut off by Albus. "What was I to do? Send off the only parent figure the girl had left? Leave her to step into the role of professional wand maker when she was still an apprentice herself?! I couldn't leave the girl in the world by herself." Albus said grimly and shaking his head. He kept his head down and stared into the empty space beside him. "SHE HAD ME! Am I not enough?! We were to be married! I would have taken care of her!" Severus screamed at the man sitting before him. "Sending her grandfather, again renown wand maker, off into the future and leaving her alone would have made her an easy target to Tom. As much as you may hate me and my decision, you know that much to be true." Albus said while standing up suddenly to match his intensity. "I would have asked for her to be spared and he would have granted it." He replied smoothly. "Like he spared Lily and James Potter?" Albus countered. "I never asked for them to be spared." Those words hit Albus like a punch to the gut. He quickly reached back for his chair to support himself. He slowly sat down and took a good look at the man before him. "Then why?" "I never cared what happened to them. Or anyone at that point in my life. I used the information on the Potters as a bargaining chip to get information on her. I came to you in hopes that what I had was crucial enough to trade." Severus explained and took his seat again. "Trade?" "Life for life. I brought you three souls for the price of one. I wanted her. Who did you think I was talking about when I begged on my knees to you? Lily?" He scoffed. "She had been dead to me since my fifth year." "That's why you were so adamant about her after the Potters died." "I gave you information on the Potters well enough in advance to make a move. What you did with it was irrelevant to the deal we had. Whether they lived or died didn't change the terms." He said as if their lives were pieces of goods for barter. "Their lives were only worth a date?" Albus' voice was soft in disbelief. "I begged for a lot more than that." He said defensively. Both men stared at each other for a few more moments. Both aware they weren't going to get anywhere with the argument they've had many times in the past. "Is that all you wished to tell me? Bring her straight here when she arrives? Hand over a package? Then we are free to go?" Severus said and swept his hand as if it was a minor thing. In truth, Severus was almost shaking with excitement. Seventeen years he waited for the one he loved. Sixteen years he'd been a 'death eater.' Fourteen years he had been a spy, a tool for Dumbledore and the Dark Lord. Soon he'd be free from it all, she would return and they would be gone from the war and this life. "As soon as she delivers the package the blood oath of House Ollivander will be fulfilled. She will no longer be needed and she may return to her family." He said. Severus' eyes narrowed and his brows met in the middle. "Shall I pretend I didn't hear any mention of myself in that sentence?" "It is late, I have other obligations to get to. For now, I want you to meet with your contacts within the ministry. See if anyone sent the Dementors from higher up or from Azkaban itself. I want names and current locations. Send a patronus to Minerva when you've got information and wait for me here. That is all." Albus said and waved his hand in dismissal. "Very well, Albus." Severus said and bowed his head. He lowered the wards and left quickly. The sooner he was out of that house the better for everyone.