It made her focus on something other than Bill fucking Weasley. "He's up there... tight asleep. Having no idea you know anything. So let's think about this for a moment." She was shaking in anger but the intensity of Harry's eyes made her relent so instead of away she stepped back into his chest. Her now feathery wings joining her arms in hugging the boy in front of her. Letting out a sigh the young wizard hugged her back. "You were a virgin when you married?" Fleur couldn't help the tears. For Veela more than any other girl or creature on the planet. The first time of sex was sacred. "Yes! Of course!" She told him offended he would even think otherwise. "Good, you will be again." He said in a tone that immediately convinced her. All of her magic was on the fritz right now because of her highly emotional state. So she knew he wasn't lying. "How?" She asked unsurely. "A blood ritual with a living human sacrifice can restore most injuries of a human body. So guess what... dear William will have to survive just a little while longer. I have an acquaintance who might just enjoy the cutting up of someone doing this." Fleur shivered, those rituals were highly... highly illegal. Not just in britain but most of the magical world. "You would do that for me?" His eyes turned much warmer as he looked her up and down and kissed the side of her beak. "That and more." "Why?" She asked honestly curious, having truly no idea what she could have done for him to deserve this. "Because I owe you. Because you helped me out when little Harry hadn't grown up quite yet. I want a family Fleur. I thought the Weasley's were it. I was so much in denial I let shit like Remus Lupin ignoring me for the entirety of my formative years go, without so much as a comment, in an attempt not to loose him. But now... now I've grown up. And I realise I can choose my family and those I care for." It was easy to tell that he counted her among his 'family.' She'd been interested in him fourth year but then, he was just too young. She would have been too much for him to handle. Then there was of course the fact that back then it seemed like he was about to ask out Hermione Granger. Fleur briefly wondered where they were, wisely decided however that this was neither the time nor place for that talk. "I'll go get him." He smiled at her as her features returned to the beautiful girl Harry well knew she was. She made no attempt to close her night gown and cut him off from the clear view he now had of her naked perfectly rounded breasts. "You can just sit somewhere." She added swaying her hips as she left. "Fleur?" Harry called after her making her turn around returning his smile. "Yes?" "We need him alive." She nodded while the smile crumbled from her face and was replaced by a sad little sigh. She didn't understand yet, so he told her again. "Alive, Fleur. Not healthy." Her eyes narrowed at him just before she flew into his arms once more kissing him for all she was worth. Harry wouldn't lie, he was enjoying it immensely. Her body felt nothing short of amazing against him and the fact the she had always been the smartest girl he knew... perhaps excluding Granger, was an added bonus and just made her more attractive to him. "I love you Harry. Thank you. For helping me, for letting me get out some of my... feelings. You've been part of my family ever since you saved Gaby. And once this business with William is over. How about you are the next one to take away the magic of my first time?" There was a warmth there as she asked. A warmth in his chest that the serpentine Monster next to it quickly coiled around protectively. "We can talk about all that once we have you away from this house. Get William, be thorough, he is a trained Gringotts Curse Breaker after all." An eagles cry echoed the house as screaming followed instantly, a pillar of fire incinerated the entirety of the second floor and punched a hole right through the ground into the kitchen where Harry quickly side stepped it. Bill looked looked up at his wife floating down and the man who greeted her, catching her with his oustretched arms. The eldest Weasley tried to struggle but found himself being bound by charmed chains. "Hello~ William." Harry drawled smiling coldly, not the one he'd just given Fleur. Something more feral or perhaps it would be more accurate to call it: lethal. The small part of Williams brain that was left over from humanity's time in the wild told him to run. As fast and far as he possibly could. Only now... it was already too late. "Where do we go?" Fleur asked him now dressed in loose fitting jeans and a pullover. "The Tonks home." The french witches eyes widened before tears left her eyes again, instantly understanding what he was telling her. Harry gave her a quick comforting squeeze before adding: "I'm afraid so." They apparated directly into the Fidelius Wards and were greeted at the door by Andromeda Tonks who with a single look between Harry and Fleur seemed to grasp what was going on. Especially as they were still dragging William Weasley behind them. Fleur looked back at Harry as he stepped back from them. "What are you doing?" "The Night is still young." He pulled a long necklace from his shirt and untangled it. "And I intend to make good use of it. I promised... and I keep my promises. So I will see you at breakfast." He then spun the time turner and they watched as he disappeared.