And It is moving. Despite our best efforts, Harry and his friends have come face to face with Voldemort each of the last two years. These confrontations will only become more frequent and more violent till such time as one or both of them are dead. I do not like this any more than any of you, but I have learned my lesson. It is my opinion that the best way to protect them is for them to know everything that we know." "You cannot mean to involve them in everything, Amelia," Minerva protested. "They're children." Amelia focused on her. "This from the woman who followed, not led, followed Harry into the Chamber." She held her hand up to forestall protest. "Make no mistake I, no, we, are all grateful to you for doing so. But even when in place to make them stand aside you followed. As I said, Magic is a force unto itself and you instinctively knew it was Harry who needed to lead that fight." Minerva pressed her lips into a thin line but found she couldn't argue the point. She had been swept along in Harry's wake like detritus following a tsunami. There were a hundred points at which she could have taken the lead or sent Harry and Neville back. Certainly she had needed Harry to open the final doorway to the Chamber, but surely it would have been wise to go for more help once it was proven Harry had indeed found the entrance to the Chamber. She hadn't. Even in supporting Harry she had failed him. "I realize I'm barely out of school myself," Tonks ventured, "but I agree with Director Bones. "Every one of those kids is suffering because we failed them. They're recovering. But Ginny, especially, is going to have to deal with this the rest of her life. Maybe it's because I'm the youngest one here and have really only known everything going on for the last six months but I've thought about this a lot since things happened. All we had to do was tell them the son-of-a-bitch's real name and suddenly it's all gone. There is no possession. There is no basilisk loose in the school. There are no petrified students. Harry is never bitten. The Horcrux is in our hands last fall. And, I'm sorry, Bill, but Sandra is still alive. I realize it may not have been that clean, but surely it would have been better than this." "I agree as well," Andromeda said. "I realize I am one of many who would make claims on them, but Harry is my son. Hermione, Ginny, Luna, they are my daughters. And we should not make the mistake of ignoring the events of the last two years. As Amelia says, Magic is moving. No less a being than the goddess, Nimue, sent them to protect the stone. I cannot help but think that we should follow her example. We are to help and guide where we can. But we must accept this fight will find its way to Harry and by extension the others. Harry is a very brave boy. But he is not foolish. He is aware of his limitations. When he had the information, he made good decisions. He went for help. Even when he knew it was Ginny who had been taken he expected it would be others who went to help her. It was only when he realized no one was even going to try that he decided he would go after her. They are young. I hate this with every fiber of my being, but I feel he has proven he can be trusted. We best protect him and the others by informing them. I wish it were different, but it is time we accepted the truth that is happening before our eyes." A short silence fell on the group as they all considered things. "I'm assuming you're all in agreement on this?" David asked. Remus spoke up. "I'm sorry, Dave. You know I would do anything to protect Hermione. But I have to agree, at this point, I see only two ways to do so. You can inform her, or remove her from the situation. And by remove I mean take her as far from here as is possible and still remain on the planet. I might even go so far as to suggest you obliviate her." "It won't work," Bill said. He focused on his friend. "Believe me, Dave, I'm tempted. But Magic is a life of its own. Those four, in one way or another, will be entwined with each other their whole lives. They may not always even get along. This year is proof of that. But I firmly believe fighting the connections they've made is as pointless as fighting the tides. Hermione would be fine for a while, but I would give it two years, max, before she would begin breaking the memory charms. And once she did… well, I'm sure you can imagine how she'd react." David frowned. "I don't believe in running from a fight," he said. "I just have a problem with it being kids doing the fighting." "I'm fed up with old men dreaming up ways for young men to die," Tonks said quietly. Everyone turned to her. "George McGovern." "I know," David said. "I'm just surprised you do." "Perhaps it is because you have all had much more time to become accustomed to these matters," Minerva said, "but surely we can at least agree to… filter what they are told?" "I don't disagree with the idea that we meet without them so we can decide how they are to be told," Amelia said. "Nor do I," Andromeda said. Glances and nods were given all around. "We're agreed then," Lily said. "Bill will take Harry to retrieve the prophecy and he and the others will be told of its contents." "Agreed," David said. "God, or maybe the Goddess, forgive me," he added quietly.