this is dumb Harry! We've done everything else together!" He sighed at the young witch, she was right as she so often was, of course. "Well then..." He said pulling her along into the newly created showers in the room of requirement. "I'll make sure you are clean enough." She grinned at that following after him. Next Morning, Gryffindor Tower "We can't get out." Ronald declared looking around confused. Until they heard a chuckling from the the couch chair. "That's because I ordered the Houseelfes to leave it closed... there are some things that need to be done." Hermione was behind him holding on to a stack of papers. "The following contracts have been agreed upon, the following people have offered Life debts in compensation for their shoddy behaviour over the past years: Dean Thomas, Seamus Finnigan, Neville Longbottom and all Weasley's currently in Gryffindor." With every name she flicked her wand and another paper shot out towards their recipient. "The following girls have offered their services as Concubines to Harry James Potter, refusal to comply will see you stripped of your magic: Lavender Brown, Angelina Johnson, Alicia Spinett, Katy Bell and Parvati Patil." While Lavender clearly looked as though Christmas had come early Harry's quidditch team members did not. "What kind of joke is this?" Alicia asked angrily. "Joke? I don't see a joke, your name is on the contract... what was it again... you can't 'just' get chosen? 'That's not how magical contracts work?'" They paled even more and knew why he was doing this. "You have until tonight to decide on what you want your futures to be like. Magical... as Harry's concubines, or as squibs." Hermione declared. "It's time we met some Slytherins." Harry said taking the now appeared Dobbys hand. Slytherin Dorm "Good morning!" Most people seemed to be terrified of not being able to get out. And even more so that Harry had just appeared between them. "Alright then, Mione if you would." "The following Gentleman have agreed on owing Harry life debts in exchange for protection: Crabbe, Goyle, Theodore Nott, Malfoy has already gotten his due so that's no longer relevant. As for all the others, as long as you keep treating Harry with indifference no punishment will be sorted." At this Blaise Zabini let out a long but relaxing breath and smiled at them both, nodding his head. He'd always lived by live and let live. "The following girls have offered their services as Concubines to Harry James Potter: Pansy Parkinson, Flora and Hestia Carrow. You have until tonight to decide the future of your life at which point everything will be called due. Naturally you are forbidden to speak about this to anyone." And then with a savage smile she added. "Strange how those names just appeared on those contracts isn't it?" And before any of them could become louder and yell or curse them, they were gone. Ravenclaw tower The Ravens were the most relaxed of the students, and really just sat their trying to talk this out. Padma and Lisa smiled as they saw him appear. Harry looked to Cho, it was hard to see her as more than a bully now. "Listen up." Hermione yelled. "Luna Lovegood is now under the protection of House Potter and Black. Because of their previously shoddy behaviour these are the people that owe the young girl a life debt." Reading off a list Harry wrung out of Luna the papers flew to their recipients. Luna smiled happily bouncing over towards them before hugging them both. "Cho Chang... I call your life debt due. You shall serve Harry James Potter now, until the end of your life, as magic binds you, to be his concubine and slave." The chinese girl quickly started sobbing uncontrollably. "And Penelope Clearwater has agreed to become my concubine... I guess Perce just didn't measure up." The girl seemed angry, Harry didn't care, she would drop 'sly' comments whenever she was with Percy. She deserved everything she got. "You can still decide to live your life as a squib. Otherwise, Chang and Clearwater... be at the seventh Floor tonight." Hermione said without any sort of empathy. They disappeared towards their last destination Hufflepuff common room "Alright fuckers." Harry declared. "Looks like some people here wisened up, I have declared life debts for running my name into the ground from Diggory and Finch Flechley. If I see anyone running around with any more pins... let's just say a life debt will be the least of your worries." Hermione cleared her throat. "The following girls have agreed to serve Harry James Potter as Concubines: Susan Bones, Hannah Abbott and Megan Jones. Be at the seventh floor tonight or pack your bags." It was indeed an orgy that followed that night where all girls were obligated to sleep with each other. Hermione, Daphne and Padma were the only three that insisted on being Harry's partners. That single night destroyed any worth the pureblood girls would ever have for their husbands. It wasn't long before the entire country descended into Chaos. After Harry found a faint magical signature linked to Voldemort in his scar... the entire war was over before it ever started up again. Harry called out Tom Riddle as his champion for the tournament, he never turned up and after a massive migraine during the first task, and black goo oozing from the scar... Harry was fairly certain that was done. Over time some witches were honest about their regrets and released from their servitude, some even left as virgins. Others decided to forsake their magic breaking down just before having sex with Harry. After bankrupting most of the ancient families and adding their wealth to his, Harry and two thirds of the young witches in Britain disappeared. Terrible ending I know. But like i said this was just to let off some steam. If anyone wants to try and expand on this feel free. If not... well then don't :P