Teddy took off his outer robe and placed it onto her shoulders, hoping she wouldn't push it, or him, away. When she didn't react, Teddy let out a sigh, slightly pushing the swing back and forth. After a few minutes of silence, the sniffles got quieter and lesser. "You know, in my professional opinion, I think prefect trounces Quidditch player in terms of boyfriend material." To that, Victoire snorted, outwardly. A loud, ugly sounding snort that she didn't even try to subdue. The comment was so brazen and confident that it took her completely by surprise. "Yeah, well I think Golden Boy trounces Blonde Seeker in terms of family material." She said it with the same joking tone as he had, but her comment definitely seemed to have a different air about it. Teddy frowned, "What?" The idea that she was being serious seemed ridiculous to him, but it most certainly didn't feel like it had been a joke. Victoire took a moment to settle her thoughts. She was going to speak honestly for once, as honest as he had been with her from the beginning. "You were the real firstborn, I just happened to be the one who got the name. My cousins fight over who gets to sit with you, who gets to just talk to you, you think they've ever done that for me? My family likes you more than they like me, and they'd trade us in a heartbeat. No one's ever going to notice me if I'm standing next to you" She was worried that she was going to sound dramatic and petty, that he wasn't going to take her seriously, but if she was going to be honest, she was going to put it out there. Teddy didn't need to calculate his response; he spoke almost immediately, "You're Victoire Weasley, you're a fantastic seeker, a really amazing student, and you're the most beautiful at Hogwarts. Who are you next to me? Who am I next to you ? I'm not even really a part of your family, that's why I try so hard. They could drop me at any moment's notice, but they could never do that to you." All this time, he'd thought that she rejected him because he wasn't good enough for her, but really? She'd thought he was better than her? He didn't know whether to laugh or to cry. But Victoire did, and she laughed, but it was bitter and hollow. "And do you think any of that matters? There'll always be better Quidditch players, always be smarter students, and beauty fades. You're the amazing one. You're kind and you've got a good heart. People like you because you bring out the good and happiness in the world. And even now, I'm the one sitting here as if life has treated me poorly. I have nothing to complain about, especially not to you. I don't deserve you, and soon enough, you and everyone else'll realize it." Tears welled up in her eyes again, and her own statement surprised her just as much as it did him. All this time, Victoire thought she was suppressing her feelings because Teddy overshadowed her, but no, she really did believe she didn't deserve him. She knew she didn't deserve him, and she knew that a point would come when he and everyone else thought so too. The words stung Teddy, wishing to remove the hurt she was feeling. "Vic…" He turned to her and slowly put his hands onto her cheeks, feeling the wet trail of tears. "No more of this I deserve you, you deserve me rubbish. Who cares about that and who cares about anyone else? What do you want, without all the fear? I want to be with you, clear as day. Do you want to be with me?" He could only make out her piercing blue eyes under the moonlight, but he could feel her trembling in his hands. Victoire began shaking her head slightly, but then hesitated and gave him the tiniest nod. "I do," she whispered and Teddy felt a grin grow on his face. "But still, Ted…We don't even know how anyone would react." "Then let's make it a secret. It's just about us, Vic, no one else. Just me and you, together," Teddy said softly while moving his thumb up and down her cheek. Without speaking, the pair leaned toward each other again, this time their lips pressing against each other. Teddy held her cheeks while Victoire's arms wrapped around his stomach, pulling him closer to her. The kiss was gentle and deep, and both of them felt safer than they ever had before. They were together, and together, they could take on anything. "Hey, guess what?" Teddy whispered once they'd pulled apart. Their faces were only centimeters away and he could see Victoire's eyebrows scrunch in confusion. "I just kissed the Victoire Weasley." He was grinning smugly at the girl, but she was just as quick as he was. "My, what a coincidence. I just kissed the Teddy Lupin," Victoire whispered in mocking. "But I hope they don't find us in such a compromising position." They both laughed, holding each other for just a little bit longer. They knew that they'd soon have to go back inside because someone sometime would notice their disappearance and come looking for them. After a final set of kisses, the pair went inside the house, making sure to be discrete as to not show themselves together. The caroling had stopped, and now the adults that were left were chatting, sprawled out on couches. The couple made their way quietly up the stairs, and Victoire gave Teddy a small smile, which was returned with a flash of soft pink hair as they parted ways. They were together. That in itself came with its very own set of issues and insecurities, but it didn't matter. Nothing else mattered because they were together, and together, they would get through whatever was ahead.