The side of the left leg had a white phoenix on it. Harry whistled at his attire, but knew that it wouldn't hold for too long. "Dobby, Winky. I need a favor." Both elves popped into the room and Dobby went ballistic. Harry put both of his hands on the bouncing elf's shoulders to calm him down. He stopped when Winky slapped him in the back of the head. "What does Master Harry Potter Sir want?" Winky's attire was horrendous, with it being torn and dirty. "I know this might seem bad, but I was wondering if you want to work for me?" Dobby sunk to his knees and cried. Winky had the same reaction. "Wes are not worthy for such a kind Master." Both cried. "Dobby, Winky, you both are very kind to me over the years and I want to return the favor by asking you to bond with me. The only thing is that I want you to call me Harry, not Master, and wear decent clothes. That's all I ask. Is this okay with you?" Both of the elves ran at Harry to hug him. Both nodded and agreed with his conditions. "Alright, what do I have to do?" Dobby took Harry's wand hand to cut, but gasped at the tattoo. Both of the elves bowed again and mumbled about him being a powerful wizard. Harry pulled both up to stand and knelt down before them. He took his hand and placed it in Dobby's. The elf nearly collapsed, but managed to keep upright. Taking a knife, Dobby cut horizontally across the center of his palm. It went directly through the feather. Dobby then cut both his and Winky's hand the same way. Dobby placed his palm over top of Harry's. He chanted in his native tongue before being encompassed in a green light. Winky repeated the process, only to be covered with the same green light. Harry silently watched as a green light flowed over his own body. He relished in the feeling before opening his eyes again. Before him stood to human looking elves. They gaped at Harry before staring at each other. They both looked completely different from what they were. Both stood about the height of the average eleven year old. They had smooth skin that looked exactly like a human. They had long hair that was a different color. Dobby had pitch-black while Winky had beautiful blonde. Their ears were human except for being pointed. Their eyes were an emerald green that shone slightly in the darkness. Their attire was what made them look extremely graceful. Winky wore a long emerald green dress that had a white phoenix flying from the bottom to the top. She had her hair pulled back on the sides in braids. Her clip that held the two braids back was a red phoenix. Dobby had on an emerald green tunic with a white shirt underneath. His pants were a black that had a white phoenix flying up the side. His hair was held at the base of his neck by a red phoenix clip. "You are a very powerful wizard, Harry." Dobby bowed to him. He seemed surprised by the perfect English he spoke. "We are glad to have bonded with you. In the history of the Elvin kind, you are the first to have achieved this higher bond in thousands of years. It is said that the only other elves that were turned by a wizard, was by Merlin himself. You are an honor to serve." "Your welcome. I must admit this is not what I imagined." Harry raised his eyebrows in surprise, but calmed his features after thinking. "I need a favor from both of you. Is it okay if you take all of these belongings to Gryffindor Tower, the sixth year's dorm please. I'm going to stay at the Leaky Cauldron for tonight, but I need to keep these safe until I visit Gringotts." "We are proud to do anything for you. Please excuse us as we should be heading back to Hogwarts. Shall we inform the Headmaster that we are no longer working for Hogwarts?" Winky curtsied at Harry before popping out with his belongings. Harry turned to Dobby. "Yes and No. Wait until I have found a secure location before telling him. Also, wait for me in the tower. I wish to wait before you go into the kitchens." Dobby nodded and bowed before he popped out. Harry walked out of the room without a backwards glance. He crept down the stairs and stepped out onto the front stoop. He patted Hedwig, who was invisible but still on his shoulder. Hedwig, can you tell me who is here guarding me? It is that man who has the werewolf problems and the one who is always drunk. The drunken one is currently asleep. The Werewolf man has suddenly sat up straight and is staring at you curiously. What are you going to do? His name is Moony, or Remus Lupin. If he is under an invisibility cloak, I'm going to take it. He is, lucky you. Sarcasm really doesn't become you Hedwig. Yeah. Yeah. Just get this over with. It's cold out here. Where is he? Under the tree. Be careful Harry…You have to hurry… Damn! He was running out of time. He turned to the tree and grinned mischievously. Harry stretched out his wand arm and pointed his finger at Lupin. "Accio Invisibility Cloak." The cloak flew off the hidden man and into Harry's awaiting hand. Remus Lupin appeared before Harry with his mouth hanging open. Harry ran over to the man and gave him a hug. "Sorry Moony, there is no time to explain. I promise everything is fine. Hedwig, you know what to do." The white phoenix on Harry's shoulder appeared before the stunned man and flew up to hover above Harry's head. Using one arm to hold onto Remus, Harry latched onto Hedwig's tail to be flashed away.