his head. "It's Snivellus!" Sirius said at the same time the hat said, "SLYTHERIN!" After several more students and yet one more Gryffindor girl, the last name was called. "Zima, Xenia!" a pretty Russian girl, was Sorted into Ravenclaw, and Professor McGonagall removed the Sorting hat and stool from the Hall. Albus Dumbeldore stood up and silence fell. "My students," he said. "Let us feast!" Great cheering followed this and the plates in front of them filled with food. Sirius was ravenous, and loaded up his plate with large helpings of everything within his reach. "Sirius!" a voice behind him hissed. He looked up. Narcissa had come up from the Slytherin table and was standing with her hands on her hips, looking at him with distaste. Andromeda was with her, but smiled and winked at him from where Narcissa couldn't see. "Yes?" he said. "Your mother will be hearing of your insolence!" she said. "You had better cease this childish behavior!" Sirius rolled his eyes at James. "I'm being scolded because a hat told me to sit at a different table," he said. He made a sweeping gesture. "Meet my family!" Narcissa scoffed and the two of them walked back to the Slytherin table. "You have family here?" James asked. "I'm the first Potter since my dad." Sirius waved a hand casually. "There are loads of us," he said. "Andromeda and Narcissa are my cousins. I think the Prewetts are distantly related to me as well." He cast a dark look to the Slytherin table. "There are quite a few Slytherins here now who are on my family tree at some point or another. Knobheads, the lot of them." "What about you, Remus?" James asked. "Have you got family here?" "No," said Remus quietly. "My dad is an only child and my mum is a Muggle." Sirius dropped his potato. "Your mum is a Muggle?" he asked. "What's that like?" James gave him an odd look. "What do you think it's like?" he said. "I dunno," Sirius said. "I never knew anyone who had a wizard father and Muggle mother. Does your mother use wizard objects? Could she use a Sneakoscope? Does she drive an automobile? If your father splinched himself while Apparating, would your mother know what to do?" James and Remus were staring at him with amusement. "What?" he said. "I can't be the only person who wonders this sort of thing." "Strangely enough, that situation has yet to arise," said Remus. "I'll be sure to ask my mum the next time I see her what her level of preparedness is for splinching catastrophies." James and Sirius laughed. "What does it matter to you if his mum is a Muggle?" Lily Evans interjected defensively. She had finally turned back to Sirius and her arms were crossed. Sirius shrugged. "It doesn't. Do you always butt in to conversations to which you haven't been invited?" "You had better shut your gob if you know what's good for you," Marlene said. "I've got your number, Sirius Black. Your family is one of the sacred twenty-eight! Everyone knows the Blacks love the Dark Arts and hate Muggleborns!" "You shut it, Marlene!" Sirius said, his voice rising. "You don't know anything about me!" With impeccable timing, Dumbledore stood up at the staff table. Silence fell almost immediately. "To our new students, I welcome you!" he said, his eyes twinkling. "To our returning students, I'm sure you are as thrilled as I am to be at the start of another year! I'd like to take this time to introduce you to our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Dawlish!" There was a polite round of applause as Dumbledore indicated the man on his right: a tall, sturdy man with short brown hair, who merely inclined his head at his introduction. When the applause had ended, Dumbledore continued, "I must remind everyone that the Forbidden Forest is indeed Forbidden. If you wish to know why, you may ask Professor Kettleburn." He indicated a scraggly looking man who waved the stump that he had instead of a hand. "And on that note, I bid you goodnight!" A fifth year who had a Prefect badge on his chest stood up and made his way to the first years. "Up you get!" he said. "My name is Frank Longbottom, and it's my job to show you to Gryffindor tower. As it has been a long day and I am tired, your choices are to come with me now, or wander the castle aimlessly for the next seven years." The first years followed him out of the Great Hall and made their way toward Gryffindor tower. The trek was a long and winding one, which took them up and down several corridors and staircases. He warned them of the trick step on the third floor. As they climbed the fifth floor staircase, he reminded them to never try to use that particular route on Tuesdays at 7:48am, as at that time it led inexplicably to the south tower. They came to a portrait of a large woman in a pink dress and it was here that Longbottom stopped. "The password is 'dragon wing'." The Fat Lady swung the portrait open. "Welcome home," he said. Sirius' jaw dropped. He had never seen such a comfortable looking room. Bright red and gold banners adorned the walls, big squashy armchairs surrounded heavily worn wooden tables. A brightly burning fireplace began warming Sirius, who still wet from the lake. "Boys' dormitories are up the steps on the left, girls are on the right," Longbottom said. The boys trooped upstairs to their room. Four beds were lined up along the walls with their trunks beside them. Sirius, James, Remus and Peter Pettigrew changed into their pajamas, all exhausted from the feast and the long day. As Sirius lay in his warm bed and began drifting off, he couldn't help but feel like he was more at home than he had ever been.