joke, saying it was no big deal, when it had hurt her. She didn't even like Colin like that. "What time are Uncle Harry and Auntie Ginny and them coming 'round, Mum?" Jeremy asked, his mouth full of waffle. "About 11, or so." Hermione answered. Dread filled Marley's insides, as well as excitement. She knew that she couldn't ignore James forever, but he'd been such an ass yesterday, and she'd acted particularly immature. She glanced at the clock on the wall of the dining room and realized she only had an hour until they'd get there. James and the rest of his family had seen her looking ridiculous many times, but that didn't mean that she didn't want to at least try to look presentable. "I'm gonna go shower." Marley muttered, placing down her empty mug on the table and standing up. "But Mar, presents ." Scorpius moaned. "The presents'll still be here when I'm done, Scorp." Marley sighed. There was another groan from Scorpius as well as Lyra and Marley began to feel bad, even though she knew that her mother would make them hold off on opening presents until the Potters got here anyways. "Let Marley go, love. She'll be down soon, right?" Hermione said calmly, looking up at Marley with a smile. "Right, Mum." Marley sighed before hurrying away. . . . James Sirius Potter was banging his foot against the wall as he waited for the rest of his family to get ready for their annual Christmas visit to the Malfoy's. He was dreading it this year, due to what had happened yesterday with Marley. Except, at the same time, he couldn't wait. "James, would you please stop kicking the wall?" his Mum shouted out. He complied, sighing and turned around to see Ginny shrinking all of their presents and sending them into a bag to take with them to the Malfoy's house. "Please try not to antagonize Marley today, alright?" his father called out, appearing in their living room with his eight year old sister, Lily Luna, at his side. "I didn't antagonize her. It was just a misunderstanding." James sighed. To be truthful, he wasn't sure why he had acted like he did with Marley yesterday. He was never sure why he acted like he did with Marley. As the two had grown up, he had just acted more and more stupid and careless with her. He wished that he wouldn't but she just... irritated him to no end. Yet, irritated him in the best way possible. He couldn't imagine this day - hell, life - without her. "Whatever it was, let's just try to have a peaceful day." Harry sighed. "Yeah, yeah." James groaned. "Tell Teddy not to snog Victoire in front of everyone then. I've seen enough of that to last a lifetime." Teddy then appeared in the room, his eyes narrowed at his brother. James knew that Teddy wasn't related to him in blood, but he was still more than family and probably the person that James was closest to apart from Marley. Teddy said nothing to James, just stood beside him staring at the fireplace to wait for the rest of their family. "Albus, come on!" Ginny called out. Albus Severus finally came into the room, and then, not long after, they took turns Flooing to the Malfoy's. As they all greeted one another, James was painfully aware of the fact that Marley wasn't there. He knew that she was probably just taking a ridiculous amount of time to get ready - she always did - but he was still worried that she was so mad at him that she wouldn't come downstairs and join them. "Try not to be a prick today, yeah?" Meredith whispered in his ear as they hugged. "I wasn't -" he started. Meredith raised her eyes at him and he sighed, nodding in agreement. He towered over Meredith now, but she still always took care of him the same way she had when he was younger. Meredith always looked out for him, just as Teddy did. And then, he saw Marley. She was walking down the stairs, wearing a black dress with black tights, a thick brown belt cinched around her waist that showed off her thin curves. He felt himself take a deep breath at the sight of her, even though Marley looking good was nothing new. Marley could be wearing pajamas and have bed head and he'd still think she was beautiful. In fact, he did . She greeted everyone around him - and he noticed. She wasn't looking at him. She was looking everywhere but him, and he couldn't look anywhere but her. When she finally reached him, he didn't know what to do. He saw in her eyes that she was still mad. She crossed her arms tight over her chest and it became clear that she was waiting for him to say something. He was suddenly very glad that everyone else in the room was absorbed with laying out presents and talking. "Marley, I..." he started. She raised her eyebrows at him and pursed her lips, just as she had so many times over the years. He felt his heart stammer and he decided to just take a chance. He was rubbish at apologizing - especially to Marley. He got so tongue tied around her sometimes, it was embarrassing. He pulled her into his arms, hugging her close. "I'm sorry, Marley. I was being an ass." he sighed, whispering into her ear. He felt her arms uncross and hug him back as she rested her head against his chest. He closed his eyes, breathing in the sweet vanilla and lavender smell of her hair before letting her go. When they pulled away, she was smiling at him and he felt a weight lift off of his chest. Life was always better when Marley was smiling. Author's Note: PLEASE READ AND REVIEW! 3 I really wanna know what you guys think!