a matter of time, we knew you couldn't shut yourself away for ever." The Ron fell silent for over Harry's shoulder he had seen someone else enter the room guided in by his father. There was a general gasp of astonishment as Hermione became visible to everyone else. You could have picked up the silence, rolled it out and used it to make earmuffs to protect everyone from the cry of a mandrake it was so dense. "Hi, back again," said Hermione giving them all a wave. "Oh my!" cried Mrs. Weasley. "Bloody hell," said George quietly. "Hermione!" shouted Ginny and Luna almost as one. "Well," said Bill to no one in particular, "I have a feeling we have underestimated our Harry once again." The others sat in silence shaking their heads in disbelief. In the few seconds all this had taken, Hermione had watched the faces of everyone in the room. Most were just surprised, but Luna's eyes had narrowed slightly and Ginny's were wide in hope and had never left Harry. Hermione dealt with both girls by simply moving to Harry's side and sliding her arm through his, Luna smiled but Ginny's eyes filled with hurt and she looked away. Then Hermione's gaze switched to Ron, he had backed away from Harry, and Luna had come up to stand by his side. There was a stunned expression on his face and then he closed his eyes for a moment as if in pain. Luna slipped her arm around Ron's waist and gave him a little squeeze; Ron responded and wrapped his arm over her shoulders drawing him to her. No words were spoken but now everyone knew where they stood that for good or ill some life defining decisions had been made. "I shouldn't have believed them Harry," Ron said, as he gave Hermione a rueful smile. "I should have believed in you and in Hermione. I let you both down once before and now I've done it again. I can't be sad for what might have been," he looked down at Luna, "things have moved on too much since then. I hope you can forgive me." There wasn't much either Harry or Hermione could say but "Forgiven." And with that announcement, the awkwardness vanished and the reconciliation of old friendships was completed. Eventually even Ginny warmed to the party that followed, she had realised long ago that Hermione would be with Harry even if her past had remained lost; but unwilling to let go completely Ginny had held onto one tiny, final hope that Harry would be free and that had led to her disappointment that evening. Now she knew for definite, a weight was lifted from her shoulders, something she had unconsciously carried for far too long and excitement bubbled up inside her. She could hardly wait to get back to school now; there was a lot of choice there, even if none of it quite reached the standard that Harry set. They stayed until the following morning. Arthur and Ron wrung a promise out of Harry to get in touch with Kingsley Shacklebolt after the New Year and Mrs. Weasley bade them a tearful farewell still unable to believe in Hermione's complete recovery despite the evidence of her own eyes. Luna and Ron walked with them down the lane, they talked quietly together about hopes and plans for the future, the time for recriminations and what ifs was long past and it seemed a little childish to pursue them. They reached the cross roads where Ron and Luna were to go on to see Luna's father, now living in his partly restored house once more. "Well," said Ron, and he took Harry's hand, the handshake quickly became a hug, "I don't believe to understand how you did it, but I'm very glad you brought her back to us all." He glanced over at the girls saying goodbye to one another and sighed. "I know I couldn't have managed it, just that one visit broke my heart." He shook his head slowly. "To be able to take that every day ...how?" Harry shrugged his shoulders, for him the answer was easy. "I am in love with her Ron. I always have been, maybe even from the first time I saw her. I don't know for sure anymore when it happened but there it is." Ron nodded, finally accepting that he would never really comprehend the passions that drove his best friend. Then Hermione was there by Harry's side and Ron looked deep into those dark brown eyes where he had first seen real love. He drew her into a hug and gave her a chaste kiss on the cheek, then held her at arm's length and piled all his regrets and apologies into one word. "Sorry." Hermione smiled, leaned in and returned the kiss. It wasn't snowing now but the clouds looked as if there was more to come. The others had gone their separate way. Harry and Hermione looked out over the white fields to the Burrow just visible in the distance. In the daylight, it looked an even more magical place than they both knew it to be. The sun peeked out briefly from behind a cloud and the snow sparkled all around them. Harry took Hermione into his arms and held her close to him. "Happy," he whispered. She looked into his eyes and kissed him, "Very happy Harry," she sighed with utter contentment. "Happy in more ways than you could possibly imagine," she fixed him with a mischievous grin. Harry grinned back, Hermione was glowing with health and to be honest Harry wasn't all that stupid, "Don't you bet on that." He said as he laughed and kissed her again; life goes on. They glanced around, making sure they were alone, they both knew they would be back one day soon but for now, with the thoughts of blue skies and warm sun in their minds, Harry and Hermione vanished. THE END.