and by the time we looked it was just like Ginny said." Percy's eyes slowly widened as he realized just whom he was speaking with. "Sweet Merlin, are you really Harry Potter?" "Last I checked," Harry said. Percy puffed himself up and stuck his hand out. "Percy Weasley. I can't tell you how pleased I am to meet you, Harry." Harry reluctantly shook the boy's hand. Where Draco's pompous arrogance had put him off before, Percy was putting him off with something he couldn't quite place his finger on. He only knew it creeped him out. But he was Ginny's older brother and he'd already made a bad impression on the first one he'd met. Now matter what Ginny felt about Ron, he figured not shaking hands with Percy now wouldn't earn him any points with her. "Nice to meet you as well," he said and shook his hand. "I imagine you already know Luna, and this is my friend Hermione Granger." Hermione held her hand out. Percy absently shook it. "Yes, nice to meet you," he said, barely looking at her before his attention was on Harry again. "I'm sure I'll see you around Harry. I'm a prefect, so if you need any help finding your way, don't be afraid to ask." "Cool," Harry said and went back to his book with Hermione. "Is that Runes?" Percy asked. Before Harry could respond there was a commotion in the passageway. "Best run, Percy," Luna said. "The train is infested with nargles there are probably all kinds of students doing things they shouldn't." Harry and Hermione looked up in time to see Percy react like he was just realizing she was there. In fact, he probably was. "OI! Give that back!" a voice shouted from down the corridor. Percy was gone in a blink. Harry slid the door shut and locked it again. "Git," Ginny grumbled. "I think he had a crush on you, Harry," Hermione teased. Harry shoved her. "I really do hope we can avoid going four for four today," Luna said. "And that really wasn't very nice of you, Ginevra." "What did I do!" "Saying Draco had a face like a ferret. I happen to have had a pet ferret and he had the sweetest little face, quite adorable. Now if you'd said he looked like an albino aye aye, I'd have agreed with you." Hermione snickered. Ginny stared at Luna. "Is that even a real animal?" "It is, Hermione giggled. "They're native to Madagascar." "What do they look like?" Harry asked. Hermione snorted. "Big eyes, long nose, large ears." Ginny snickered. "Well that pretty much describes him, doesn't it?" "That was a brilliant speech you gave him, Harry," Luna said. "It would appear you are as eloquent as the books led us to believe." Even as he blushed Harry couldn't help grinning. "Don't tell him that!" Hermione cried. "I still say he needs work," Ginny said. "Ohhh," Hermione groaned. The rest of the ride passed quickly, with no further interruptions from bothersome snoopers or people looking for lost toads. But despite the stories and laughter they all shared, Harry noticed Ginny wasn't quite as excited as the rest of them. She was always the first to stop laughing and the last to join. Also, Luna seemed well tuned to Ginny's mood. She regularly took Ginny's hand and brought her back from wherever it was she drifted off too. Harry wasn't quite sure why, but it seemed familiar to him. Soon enough though they felt the train begin to slow and a female voice sounded in their compartment. "All students are instructed to leave their belongings. They will be brought up to the castle for you." Harry grabbed his bag and gently pulled Kaa from it. He didn't care that the appropriate individuals knew of his unusual companion, he was not leaving her to the care of the Hogwarts' elves. Especially if Simper's reaction was anything to go by; his mother's elf absolutely refused to be in the same room as Kaa. And she had never once so much as set foot in Harry's room since he'd arrived at the Briar Patch. Apparently elves and snakes were not friends, ever . He tucked her in the specially spelled pocket on his robes and left his bag on the seat. When he looked up he caught Ginny and Luna watching. "Stick together?" he asked. They nodded. "Of course we're sticking together," Hermione said. Harry grinned. "Bril." The train gave a jolt and the four of them quickly joined the throng in the corridor with Harry in the lead. Hermione followed with Ginny next and Luna in the rear. Each grabbed a handful of the robes of the person in front of them and held on tight so they wouldn't get separated. In short order they were out of the warm train and on the much colder platform. HPHPHP Author's notes: Well, as promised, here we are back at Hogwarts. And as promised I think we can see things are going to be drastically different than JKR's version. Hopefully this will live up to expectations. As mentioned back way at the beginning of Muggles' Daughter, there would be instances where I borrow bits of text verbatim from JKR. You may notice that in places going forward. Again, it isn't much, but sometimes she was just so good there is little choice. Anyway, hopefully this was a good start for year one. I hope the meeting between Harry, Hermione, Ginny and Luna lived up to people's expectations. One thing; seriously Harry, calling dibs, who does that! Also, for anyone looking for an interesting story, head on over to Nifty Niffler's page and check out The Beast Within and Unity in Diversity! Actually, check out all her stuff. There are some really great reads there if you've not yet your way to her page. Last, as always, a very special thank you to those who have reviewed. I do appreciate your thoughts.