unions with individuals too much close in blood. It was a bloody battle but they changed for the best. The ministry had to reform to something much more authoritarian to permit such changes and Tom became the first Lord Protector of Magic. His powerful magic has halted most of the changes that age give and he seemed just a thirty years old. Sighing, the Lord Protector finished his paperwork and apparated to his manor where someone was waiting him. He was instantly tackled by two child. "Grandpa!" After marrying, Lily and Severus had 4 children: their elder, Julius, was a red-haired young adult with dark eyes with a bang of red and had finished Hogwarts with outstanding grades and seemed to be following his steps in becoming a great wizard; the next one, Eileen, was a dark-haired girl with green eyes and was following the path to become a renowned healer just like her mother; last but not least are the twins, Empero and Delphi, those two were inseparable and loved their grandfather greatly. Empero was a younger carbon copy of Tom, while Delphi had the same visage of her late great-grandmother. He was going to enjoy one of those family weekends that had become normal in his life. After so many years at trying to found a solution to Death, he found what appealed him the least. He had been able to receive all of the Deathly Hallows but discovered that for some reason the whole 'immortality' perk was a false rumor and those were just powerful artefacts. He was just about to sit and enjoy the delicious dinner that had been prepared when an alarm started and the new head of DMLE appeared at the floo. "Lord Protector, we have an emergency." Tom frowned "What's this emergency? What happened?" "Dumbledor-" as she was finishing the name, a magical shockwave hit the wards of the house. Tom muttered darkly and appared to where the magic explosion had originated. He found itself at Stonehenge and the rock pillars were covered in ancient runes. "It's too late, Tom" Dumbledore, now a frail old man, was floating in the middle of the monument. While he was studying runes, Tom had stumbled into the magical legend of the Stonehenge: those who are able to activate the runes shall dominate the world. He needed to act fast. "Surrender now, Tom, we will lead the world for the greater good." Seeing no other choice, Tom ran and pushed the old manipulator out of the beam of light and put himself in that position. PAIN. His core was being overloaded with too much magic and he wasn't sure if he could survive that. He started to push all of his magic against the magical flux and saw that it started to retreat to its origins. The runes started to fade and everything began to shake uncontrollably until a greater explosion happened. Once the magic had been repelled completely, Tom experienced a whiplash of his own magic back to his own core, causing it to implode and destroying the elder Riddle completely. The few witnesses were shocked by what had happened and later saddened to the dead of the greatest wizard and pioneer of reforms. -Epilogue- A world-wide funeral was held at the national cemetery. The late Lord Protector had been a great and respected individual that helped many nations during his charge. His family was dressed in black. Lily and the twins crying while the other members trying to comfort them. An emergency council had been called at the terrible news and Julius Prince had been chosen has the second Lord Protector as ordered by Tom's last wills. Albus Dumbledore punished to the worst kind of punishment never used, dead by veil and erased from history. A statue had been then issued to commemorate the greatest man ever since Merlin. A story, started with a orphan full of hate and ambition, finished with a proud and brave man that gave up his life for everyone's life and freedom. Or has it? -?- Tom awoke blinded by a white light. Looking back once again he found himself in a white nothingness. He looked at himself and saw that he was perfectly healed and his dress not damaged. "Where am I?" He wondered loudly. "Everywhere and nowhere, Tom Marvolo Riddle" A voice stated behind him. He turned and saw a feminine being looking at him emotionlessly. "Who or what are you?" Tom was studying his surroundings. The being chuckled softly "You know me very well, Tom, you are smart.. you should know." The cryptic message was initially not clear, then Tom undertstood. "You are magic or a representation of it." The white being nodded "Correct." Then started to move forward. "You have done great things, Tom Marvolo Riddle." A grin appeared on its face "Even greater than Myrrdin's actions". Tom's eyes widened "Merlin?". The creature once again nodded "Yes." Then it looked straight in his eyes. "But your job is far from over.". Tom frowned "What? Why?" "You have obtained the Deathly Allows" The statement started to sink in Tom's mind. He was the Master of Death, he couldn't die . "Sadly" Tom returned his attention to Magic "You cannot return to your original universe." The Tom understood completely. No one that had been MoD had actually been known in the old chronicles, for historians nobody has even obtained all the artefacts. "And now what, then?" Tom replied, his voice signalling his own panic at the shocking discovery. "Now you will live forever and be invincible.." The white creature paused before continuing "... but you will help different characters in the whole Multiverse.". Knowing that he had no choice, Tom nodded. Then the being moved its arm and opened a portal under Tom. The elder Riddle fell into him, unknowing of what was on the other side but he did know something: " It's going to be... GREAT! " The end... ...or just wait for the sequel... :3