you'd had your face mashed up against their boob? Or, a quiet part of him chimed in, it's because you're similar, and you recognize it. Time would tell if she was genuine about helping him, but she seemed to be so far. Rita hurried them passed the bar with only a cursory wave to Tom, leading Harry into the rubbish-lined alley in the back. She tapped a certain pattern (it was a circle) in certain bricks (they were directly in front of the back door at head-height), and the entryway folded open. "Welcome, Harry, to Diagon Alley!" She announced grandly, the bustling midday shopping crowd ignoring them. He gave her a strange look, like he was wondering if she had suddenly become stupid. "I've been here before, you know," Harry said slowly. "Two times." "I know, I just wanted to be dramatic," Rita said with a smile and a shrug, leading him down the Alley to the large, white marble building that was Gringotts bank. The armored, spear-wielding guards only acknowledged them with a split-second glance before they were in the door and walking up to a free teller. "Afternoon, we're here to retrieve this young man's key and also get an accounting of his family's holdings. And get him examined ." She whispered the last part. The beady-eyed short-arse at the desk looked down at them, his eyes focusing on Harry's scar and emerald eyes. Without a word, he grabbed what looked like an unmarked metal plate, like one used to carve names on, tapping in a random code with his clawed fingers. Within a minute, another goblin, this one with longer hair pulled back into a ponytail and wearing what would've been considered the height of fashion in Victorian England. He waved for them to follow and strode away, his rapid pace giving the two taller humans a little trouble with keeping up. He lead them in what seemed to be several circles before pushing open a large golden door with some family's crest on it, a shield with crossed wands and a stag rearing in front of those. The goblin motioned for them to take a seat at one end of a round table while he sat at the other. "You are Harry Potter?" he asked, his tone promising violence. At Harry's nod, the goblin passed a ledger and black quill over to him. "Verify." Harry looked to Rita, who nodded. He reached out and took the quill, signing his name on the line at the bottom of the parchment, gasping quietly in pain as the letters were carved into the back of his hand, before they quickly healed. The goblin reached over and plucked both ledger and quill from Harry, gazing deeply into the signature as it glowed gold. As the light faded, he sighed and absently ripped the page out, tossing it over his shoulder, where it caught fire and dispersed without any ashes. Then, he opened his eyes wide, glaring fiercely at Harry. He stood up on his chair and slammed his hands on the surface of the table, rattling the whole thing. "It's about fucking time! " … … … … A/N: And here you go, my first Harry Potter story in a long time. It's one of the few 'new' stories I'll be putting out soon, as well as a poll for which one you want to see done. So, if you want to see more of this story, remember to vote. Anyway, this story comes as the result of the rather stagnant characterization of Rita Skeeter in most fanworks. For a place with the tagline, 'Unleash your imagination', people on FF can be really unimaginative. It's rare that I see Rita as anything other than a massive greedy bitch who stabs everyone in the back at the most opportune moment. Or, if the MC is particularly 'amazingly handsome every woman wants him' type deal, a horrid abhorrent admirer that is just so ugly you guys. Well, I call bullshit. I've seen more fics were Umbridge is a good guy than Rita Skeeter, fucking Umbridge, you guys, so I declared No More! I'm going to write a story where Rita Skeeter is, well, not particularly a good guy, but someone that Harry can trust and rely on, and in the process, maybe give you guys a unique story. For the most part, anyway. The first part of the story will be just Harry and Rita, hanging out and having fun over the summer, learning about magic and each other, respectively, and since she is going to be his mentor, expect Harry's Slytherin traits to get more screen time. I mean seriously, his most useful items in the whole series were his invisibility cloak, a map that can see everyone in Hogwarts, which is some 1984 shit, and his rampant nosiness. Sneaky and Nosy. Sounds kinda like an investigator, yeah? Like, some kind of journalist, maybe? It's not my intent to see Harry overpower and dominate the world as the beacon of light and hope and all that bullshit, but more to learn the powers of misdirection, information and blackmail. It's gonna be good. Anyways, hope you enjoyed and remember to vote on that poll. Thanks as always to NorthSouthGorem and Kurogane7 for editing and shit and myself, for also being there. Stay Awesome. ~Soleneus P.S. As for pairings, I'm going to be controversial and say there's not going to be a set one. Too many stories have Harry date one person, then declare they're in love for life even though they're still teens. That shit is so unrealistic, I swear. I know of only one couple, one who married when they got out of high school who are still together today. It is rare. So, Harry's going to date around. Not seriously, and maybe a bit seriously later. Expect appearances by Susan Bones, Lavender and Parvati, Katie, maybe Luna, definitely Hermione. And that's just Third year. Stay Awesome Some More. ~still Soleneus