privacy. That seemed a bit too kind for Malfoy but, Harry wasn't sure what to expect from the blond at this point. Harry gave Hermione a final squeeze and eased away from her. She wiped her eyes hastily. "Sorry," she muttered. "It's such a little thing, and not nearly as important as everything else that's happened. But, it was just one more thing..." "I know," Harry said, cutting her off with an understanding smile. "More pizza, Malfoy?" he asked, feeling guilty when Malfoy flinched again. "No," Malfoy replied quietly shaking his head. "I'm just tired." "it's been a long day," Harry commented. He looked at Hermione. "You're staying?" Hermione bit her lip and glanced at Malfoy. "You've got a guest," she reminded Harry uncomfortably. "More of a roommate," Harry responded, earning a surprised look from the other two. "Would her being here make things difficult for you?" he asked Malfoy. Malfoy looked between the two Gryffindors uncertainly before slowly shaking his head. His view of blood status had been shaken during the war. The savagery of the Death Eaters had been horrifying, and he'd forced himself to consider that his beliefs may have been wrong. He was desperate to distance himself from the Dark Lord's dogma, but he honestly wasn't sure what to think any more. "Great," Harry said, standing up. "I'll show you where everything is so you can get some rest." He led Malfoy from the room and back up the stairs. Harry returned ten minutes later to find Hermione sipping her butterbeer patiently. "More pizza?" he offered. When she shook her head he waved his wand and levitated the plates to the sink before vanishing the remains of the pizza. He gestured to the living room with a little jerk of his head and went to sit down on the sofa. Hermione dropped onto the cushion next to Harry's with a sigh. She angled her body to face him properly, eyeing him curiously. "Care to explain how you ended up having Malfoy come live with you?" she asked. "McGonagall came to visit and told me she was worried about him," Harry said quietly. "The public hates him and he was going to be in danger even if he was released. She and Kingsley felt he should be given a chance to redeem himself and, despite the fact that I think he's a prat, I agree." He paused his mind going back to earlier that day, at the trial. "Hermione, I've never seen him like that. His mother had been killed and his father was being sent to Azkaban. He was devastated. The ministry seized the manor and the vaults - He's got nothing left. I couldn't just leave him like that. He's a victim too." Hermione nodded sadly. "I can understand why you did it," she said softly. "I just hope he'll appreciate the amount of mercy you've shown." She yawned and stretched. "I think I'll go to bed as well. It's been a long day." "Of course," Harry said with a little nod. "Your room is ready for you." He gave her hand a squeeze and then watched as she went upstairs to her room. Harry had gone to bed a few hours later, but sleep eluded him. He was plagued with nightmares most nights, but now Harry's mind was full of images of Draco Malfoy's trial. The memory of Malfoy's anguished expression filled him with sorrow. A pained scream made Harry leap from his bed in a startled panic. He bolted from his room and down the hall, following the sound. He swallowed hard when he realized that he'd been led to Malfoy's room. When Malfoy shouted "No! Please!" Harry opened the door and hurried inside. Malfoy was thrashing on the bed, the moonlight from the windows making the tears on his cheeks glisten. "Mother!" he cried out brokenly, making Harry blink back tears of his own. Harry climbed onto the bed and grasped Malfoy's arms. "Malfoy, wake up," Harry said urgently. Malfoy gasped and jerked upright, his forehead nearly colliding with Harry's. His gray eyes were fearful and wide as he focused on Harry. Harry held still, expecting Malfoy to lash out defensively. He was stunned when Malfoy's frightened panting breaths abruptly turned into heartbreaking, racking sobs. He didn't struggle when Harry pulled him closer, hugging him tightly. Instead, Malfoy gripped the front of Harry's shirt and pressed closer, his tears soaking the fabric. Quickly brushing aside his initial shock, Harry tightened his hold on Malfoy. Malfoy had most definitely been an enemy in the past. But now, as the Malfoy heir was left alone in his grief and fear, Harry wondered if that could all be changed. Hearts could change. People could change. Harry still didn't like Malfoy, but he was willing to lead Malfoy out of the darkness if Malfoy could be prevailed upon to follow. "It's alright," Harry murmured. "I've got you." He glanced to the doorway to see Hermione standing there. She had her fingers pressed to her mouth and tears streamed down her face. Harry offered her a reassuring nod before maneuvering Malfoy to lie down, curled on his side with his face still pressed to Harry's chest. Hermione watched for a moment before returning to her own room, knowing it would be a while before she'd be able to get to sleep again. "P-Potter..." Malfoy stammered through his tears, but Harry shushed him. Harry's arms remained firmly wrapped around Malfoy in a soothing embrace. He could feel Malfoy shudder and heave in deep breaths in an attempt to calm himself. After a while, Harry realized that Malfoy had drifted into an exhausted sleep, his face still pressed against Harry's chest. Feeling a little awkward, but unwilling to disturb Malfoy's rest, Harry closed his eyes and allowed himself to drift as well. AN: Please review and tell me what you think. I really need some feedback on this one. The next should be posted in the next few days.