the fight, forming a bit of a circle around us, but I felt three pairs of hands grabbing me and pulling me back. Remus, James, and Peter were all holding me back as kicked at them, but Remus took my arms, James took one leg, and Peter took the other leg as they picked me up off the ground. From across the room, it looked like Sirius was trying to get back to the fight too; two prefects were holding him back. His nose was bleeding and his lip was cut, and I only imagined how I looked. "Stop! Detention, both of you!" yelled a seventh year prefect, looking furious. "Make it separated," suggested Remus, not letting me go. Sirius and I were still kicking at the people holding us so the head girl, exclaimed, "Okay, that's it!" She said two spells and made Sirius and me frozen. I couldn't move and the guys put me down. Remus started to clean blood off my face while James and Peter took Sirius to their room and came back down without him. James looked at me, concerned and asked, "You okay? You have blood everywhere." I couldn't move to nod, or say anything. "Okay, Iz, I'm going to take off the spell, but please don't move. We still have to visit Mum tonight..." That was our code for the full moon. It was a bad lie, but people bought it anyway. Remus took the spell off me and I sat down, taking a big breath. "Will you just clean up my face? I feel like it's covered in blood." "Probably 'cause it is covered in blood," James added as Remus went to finished cleaning blood off my face. Some older students did the best they could with fixing up some cuts, and Madame Pomfrey came in to "take us to see our mother". I could tell she noticed my obviously new bruises and scratches, but she didn't push any questions. Madame Pomfrey walked us to the Whomping Willow and stunned it, then left. Remus jumped through the hole in the roots, and I followed as we took the long walk to the Shrieking Shack, neither thinking of anything to say. I slowly opened my eyes to very bright, florescent lights. I looked around, but stopped when I felt a horribly sharp pain in my back and leg. The last thing I remembered was painfully changing back into a human and passing out. Remus and I must have attacked each other, like we do whenever we're together on a full moon. I carefully turned to my right and saw Remus sitting in the bed next to me; sleeping. He was snoring a bit, and I took a moment to examine how he looked. His eye was swollen, with bruises all around it, but I knew that was the least of it. "Remus… Hey Remus, wake up?" I said, first quietly, but then raising my voice. Despite me being careful, Remus woke up with a small jump and cringed from the pain. I bit my lip, asking, "Sorry, you okay Rems?" "I'm fine Iz, are you okay?" "I'm fine too." There was the normal, unpleasant silence that always followed the full moon. Finally, I had to speak. "Remus… sorry about last night, it was stupid for me to fight Black-I mean Sirius. I mean, he is one of your best mates," I said and he nodded a bit. Before he could reply, Madame Pomfrey came in to inform us of our injuries, "good morning Mr. and Miss Lupin. Miss Lupin, I will need to fix your broken leg, and your back is very badly scratched. And Mr. Lupin, I'll need to fix your eye and a few broken ribs." Remus and I glanced guiltily at each other. We both always blamed ourselves for the other person's injuries even though I never blamed him for mine and he never blamed me for his. We turned away from each, drinking the potions we were given while Madame Pomfrey fixed us up. Then, we were forced to sleep. It was almost dinnertime when we woke up, not quite yet healed completely, but we were allowed to leave the hospital wing, with a lot of persuasion on our part. I limped slightly, as we tried to walk normally into the Great Hall. At the Gryffindor table, I sat in between James and Peter; Remus sat next to Sirius and across from me. "Are you two okay?" James asked right after we sat down, watching us closely. "Fine, why?" I asked acting like nothing was wrong as I put food onto my plate. "You were limping," James answered, a-matter-of-factly. "We-uh, were using floo powder and-uh, I fell when we landed. Right, Remus?" I answered as confidently as I could; I wasn't the best liar. Remus nodded very quickly, agreeing with me, "Yes, you know how clumsy Izzy is." He gave a weak chuckle as I gave him a small glare. Remus, we're horrid liars. Do you think they're honestly that thick? Well they obvious suspect something, but I haven't told them anything. Well they're going to figure it out sometime. Are you saying that we should tell them? No ! Of course not, Remus! We just have to make up a better story. Okay…But I think they're on to us now. Why d'you say that? I snapped out of it when noticed the hand, snapping, in my face. "Hellooooo earth to Remus and Izzy?" James was waving a hand in my face and Sirius was waving his in Remus's face. "Uh sorry, what were you saying? Zoned out," Remus said quickly. "Sure you did, right," said James as Sirius just snorted and I started to glare at him, opening my mouth to say something, but stopped when I saw the look Remus was giving me. I took a deep breath and just continued eating without saying anything, trying to think of a better excuse for the next full moon.