the Dark Wizard bled all over her carpet. The Diffindo spell had left numerous cuts all over his body, tearing through his clothing and straight into his flesh. A few burns were littered here and there from an Incendio charm, and a stinging hex had swollen his shoulder a quarter of its original size. Yet, the Death Eater remained silent. "I'm not playing." She warned, bringing her wand up to his neck, which elicited a quiet whimper, but nothing more. This gave her somewhat of a strange satisfaction. But at the same time, she was horrified by what she was doing. She had known she would have to hurt him, to sink as low as the Death Eater himself, to torture, since she knew there was no other way she would get George's location. And she knew she'd never sink low enough to use the Cruciatus Curse, but that didn't make this any better. "Tell me where my son is, now." The Death Eater was twitching mildly, a sign that the supersensory charm was still in effect. It was truly a cruel division of her own. To enhance one's sense of touch before an interrogation such as this was harsh, to say the least, and Molly knew it, but she'd learned to stop caring. Every time she pictured George's face, it only drove her further. The Death Eater was watching her carefully as those thoughts went through her head. He saw the flicker of remorse in her eyes and thought he could take advantage of it. "You hate this." He said. "You don't want to do this." He was sadly mistaken. "I'll do whatever it takes to get my son back. Diffindo! " The Death Eater yelped as the skin on his ankle tore open, blood dripping down his already-bloodied feet. He bit his lip hard, his forehead lined with defined creases. She wouldn't give up. But neither would he. Molly pressed her wand into his cheek, and he flinched. The tip was uncomfortably hot like she was about to cast an Incendio charm. The thought of receiving one to his face made him shrink. "Where is my son?" The tip of the wand found the soft crook beneath his ear, and it was getting warmer. The Death Eater bit back every hiss he wished to let out as the wand burned mercilessly. "He's..." He gasped, making Molly pause, watching him expectantly. "He's... just as weak as you..." He breathed a smile. The ginger reared back. Crack! The punch hit his jaw with force enough to break his cheekbone. The Death Eater gasped but shut his mouth. Every movement of his cheek hurt. The bones had snapped, and the ends were rubbing together, making his face burn. He squeezed his eyes shut, but they snapped wide when he heard footsteps walking away from him. Molly headed to a cabinet in the corner of the room, the one that usually only Arthur opened. It was kept under magic sealing charms to keep Fred and George out when they were younger. The Death Eater felt a chill run up his spine when she pulled out a bottle of firewhiskey. "Arthur saves this for after hard days at work, but I don't think he'll mind." She uncapped the bottle and approached, deliberately being slow to draw the suspense as the Death Eater began struggling. He knew what was coming. Molly looked over the several still-bleeding cuts all over his body, licking her lips tentatively. And somehow, deep inside, she knew she was going to enjoy this. "Last chance." She warned. The Death Eater pursed his lips, watching her with guarded eyes. He swallowed, then he spoke. "Go to hell." Molly frowned, but uncapped the firewhiskey and tilted the bottle. Molly walked briskly out of the room with plenty of answers. Walking into the dining room, she was greeted by three pairs of horrified blue eyes. They were staring down at her bloodstained dress, her pinprick pupils. Her body burned with adrenaline. "Um, mum?" Ron began, stuttering his words. "A-are you o-" "Quickly," She snapped, marching past them without so much as a glance in their direction. She headed straight for the fireplace. "We must tell the Order immediately." The children nodded, following silently, but none could help a glance at the door Molly had left. The temptation to look inside pulled at all three of them, but they dared not. For they knew, if they did, they would never think of their mother the same way again. And so, one by one, they each climbed into the fireplace, taking their own floo powder and shouting "Number twelve, Grimmauld Place" each in turn. Finally, it was Ron's turn. He took his powder and swallowed as he stepped into the ashen alcove, and, in a proud voice that didn't match the panic he felt inside, he shouted, "Number twelve, Grimmauld Place!" He dropped the powder, and in an instant, he was gone in a green flash of fire. No, I didn't get it wrong. The books say when the Dark Mark is inactive, it's red. I can't tell how OOC this is exactly because I'm pretty sure this is what a mother becomes when someone has kidnapped her child. At least I gave hints that she showed remorse. At least I never let her use the Cruciatus Curse. Now, THAT would be OOC. I'm pretty sure that Mrs. Weasley is fully capable of becoming this vicious. I mean, her boggart is the dead corpses of her family, and Hell hath no fury like a mother's rage, so... I think this fic makes me even more afraid of Mrs. Weasley, even if it's not canon. The fact that she was able to break a Death Eater makes me shiver. And I f***ing wrote it! I might have a part two about what happens at the Order, maybe the rescue of Fred and his recovery. That is IF I get enough reviews. Thank you all for reading!