rest of the Gryffindor team responded by shouting angrily (James immediately considering ways to prank Murphy later), Marlene had responded by attacking him. Not with her wand, not with her fists, but by beating him over the head with her Comet 240 and destroying the handle. Marlene and Murphy were both suspended for their team's next respective matches. Once Marlene was permitted to play again, she had to borrow an old broom from the school. The broom's age was especially clear when compared to the other brooms on the field. "If Murphy keeps his mouth shut I won't have to try and knock his teeth out again, no," Marlene said. "I can appreciate the damage brute force on it's own can do but come on now, you're a witch, you could have set him on fire or something," Sirius said. "I'd suggest a silencing charm? He'd shut up and you wouldn't end up having to explain to your parents, again , why you sent another student to the hospital wing," Dorcas said. "Are you kidding? My mum was so proud when she found out why I did it," Marlene laughed. "I just don't need to try and find a replacement Keeper if you get suspended again is my main issue," James said. "I don't care if you dress him in lady's lingerie in the middle of the feast if you don't get caught." "Oh, I like that. Who's the whore now, Murphy?" Marlene smiled. "Tricky transfiguration, though, we tried on Snivellus last year and only managed to put a brassiere on top of his robes. Then when he took it of and everyone saw him walking around with it, they thought he'd gotten shagged and we wound up making him more popular somehow," Sirius said, frustrated. "Yeah but then Remus asked who the girl was," Peter said. James smirked, "And he couldn't come up with a name." "And then everyone laughed at him for getting a bra just to pretend a girl had sex with him," Peter said. "So it did all work out in the end," Sirius nodded. "Just not the way we intended." "Why did you decide lady's lingerie was the right way to go anyway?" Dorcas asked. "We were doing him a favor, really, he should have one pair of underpants that isn't secondhand and stained," James shrugged. "Part of me is glad it didn't work out as we planned, honestly. What if every time we saw a girl in lingerie after that all we could think about was Snivellus?" Sirius said, making a face. "Black, you utter imbecile," Marlene said, deepening her voice and brushing her hair into her face as though to imitate Severus. She ran her hands down the side of Sirius' face seductively. "You probably don't even know the difference between monkshood and wolfsbane. Is it because you're so incredibly dim-witted or because you're too distracted by my lacey garter belt?" "Stop, stop! Why was I cursed with a vivid imagination? Stoooop!" Sirius said, pushing her away, though he and the others were laughing. "Anyway," Marlene said, combing her hair back into place with her fingers, "I promise I'll try not to get suspended this year. And I got a new Cleansweep for my birthday last month so I won't have to borrow from school anymore." "Really, we just need a new seeker and another chaser," James said. "Preferably one that's not pregnant," Peter said. "I can't believe Jolene kept playing after she found out Nick got her pregnant," Dorcas said. "What if she'd been hit by a bludger?" "Have you met Jolene? She could be in labor and she'd be like, 'No! Not now! There's a Quidditch match! The kid will have to wait!'" James said. The girl had insisted to everyone that she was merely a few weeks along and nothing was going to keep her from the championship match. "The most dedicated, slightly deranged captain Gryffindor's seen yet," Sirius said. Jolene had just finished school, hence why James was now named captain. "Promise me if you get pregnant you'll sit out," Marlene said, reaching over to set a hand on James' knee in mock-concern. "I just can't do that, I love the game that much," James said with a dramatic sigh. "Well, I mean, Nick's not gonna be around to seduce any more players this year so there's that," Sirius shrugged. "I heard they got married over the summer," Marlene said matter-of-factly. "They're Mr. and Mrs. Wood now." "Do they know what they're having?" Dorcas asked. "I asked her at the end of term, she said 'a Quidditch player, hopefully,'" Marlene snorted. "Merlin help that kid if he's into Gobstones," Sirius said. "Gobstones is fun!" Peter said. "See, this is why you're not gonna peak in school," Sirius said. "Don't listen to him, Peter, Gobstones is fun," Dorcas said, shoving Sirius lightly. "If the kid's into Gobstones you know Jolene will suddenly be a Gobstones fanatic," James said. "True, she didn't care about Chocolate Frog cards for one minute but every time Nick found a rare one she was genuinely so excited for him, it was very cute," Dorcas mused. "Still, I can't imagine having a kid and getting married straight out of school, she handled it pretty well, I suppose." "A lot of people are going that route with everything that's going on. No one knows how much time they've got," Sirius said. "My parents got married straight out of school," Marlene said. "But that was right after Grindelwald. I think it was more of a celebratory, 'Holy shit, we didn't die! Let's have five kids and give them all names that start with the letter M' thing." "We shouldn't even have to think about dying, we're fifteen!" Dorcas groaned. "I agree, there's so many more important things to worry about. Like Quidditch," James said. At that moment, the cheerful witch with the treat trolley appeared outside their compartment. Before she could utter a word, James added, "And sweets."