friend. "Something's wrong, Mum." Mum came in. "Ginny?" Harry turned around. "She wouldn't not write, Mum." Mum nodded. "I didn't want to get involved, but I'm a bit worried as well. I'll talk to Remus and Sirius in the morning and have them see if we can't figure what's going on." Harry smiled weakly. "Thanks, Mum." She crossed to him and wrapped him tightly in her arms. "Love you." Mum kissed his crown. "Love you too, Baby." Harry groaned and let her go. "Would you please stop." Mum smirked. "Never, Baby." Harry launched a wadded up piece of paper at her. She laughed and batted it aside before taking a seat on his bed. "So it's just you and me tomorrow?" Harry grinned. "Yeah." HPHPHP Lily stopped with Harry outside the guitar shoppe in Cheltenham. His birthday had been yesterday and the carnival. Today was just for the two of them and she'd carefully maneuvered him throughout the day so they'd walk by the shop. He'd not asked for a new guitar after destroying his first one back at Christmas, but she fully intended to buy a replacement today; if he wanted one that is. "We can go in if you like," she said. Harry turned on her. "What are you doing?" "I don't want you to stop playing," Mum said softly. "And you haven't been." Harry frowned. He'd used the excuse that the sound was off ever since breaking his guitar to not play because he hadn't thought he wanted to. But standing outside the shoppe he suddenly felt the absence sharply. "Maybe we could look," he ventured. Mum pulled him tight and kissed his crown before pulling him in the shoppe. "Come on, Love." "Hey, Kid!" Matt greeted them enthusiastically. "Lovely lady," he added to Harry's mum. "Hello, Matt," she greeted him with a tight hug. Matt held his hands away from her. "Not my fault, Kid," he teased before returning his mum's hug. Harry glowered at him. "Aww come on, Kid. You're mum's gorgeous. You gotta expect blokes are gonna look at her." "And they better expect me to put their eyes out with a dull stick when they do," Harry retorted. "Yesh," Matt grumbled, "he's a bit moody, isn't he?" "He's a whelp angling for a good thumping, is what he is," Mum said. Matt laughed. "Don't worry, Kid. I know the rules regarding your mum. Hands off. Eyes off. Lips off." Harry just glared at him. "Tough crowd," Matt muttered and went for a change of subject. "So how was school?" Harry shrugged. If there was ever the proverbial loaded question that was it. "Alright. I'm glad to be home though." "Too true," Matt agreed. "Still playing much?" Harry blushed and looked down. "Not so much." "Aww, come on, Kid, you're killin' me. All that talent and you're not playin'?" Harry scrunched his face up. "I kinda broke my guitar," he mumbled. "What's that?" Harry sighed and looked up at Matt. "I kinda broke my guitar." "Kinda broke your guitar? How'd you do that?" "Well," Harry hemmed, "it kinda smashed into the wall." Matt cocked his head slightly. A slow smirk spread on his face. "Let me guess, somethin' to do with a girl?" Harry stared back at him. "Yeah," he agreed slowly. "You could say that." Matt nodded. "Don't worry about it, Kid. Any musician worth anything's been there before." He looped an arm around Harry's shoulders and pulled him along. "Let's see if we can set you up with a new lady. What'da'ya say?" About half an hour later Harry pointed to a natural finished guitar behind the counter. "What's that? Oh, sorry, it's electric. Forget it." "It's fine, Love," Mum said. Harry shot her a look. "It's fine. Really." "You're sure?" "Positive." Harry turned back to Matt. Matt pursed his lips before grabbing the guitar from the stand. "Come on." He led them over to a couple of stools where he plugged the guitar into an amp. He played a few chords to be sure it was in tune and handed it to Harry. "Give it a go." Harry took it from him, bracing his arm against the expected weight. "Whoa!" he exclaimed when his arm moved up instead of down. "I know," Matt agreed, "insane, isn't it?" Harry carefully examined the guitar. "It's beautiful." "Well play it a bit." Harry hopped up on the stool and gave a few experimental strums before moving into Knocking on Heaven's Door. "Aww come on, Kid," Matt cajoled. "You've got more than that." Harry moved into a number of different songs, including the one he'd written for Kaa. He refused to sing though, not trusting that he could keep control of himself if he did. "Nice," Matt said when he stopped playing. "So what is it and how much will it cost me?" Mum asked. Matt rubbed the back of his neck. "Well, see, it's brand new. And this one's just a demo I got at a trade show. I'm not even supposed to get one in stock till January." "You're avoiding the question, Matt." "Well, it's called a Parker Fly and it's thirteen hundred quid," he finished cautiously. "Thirteen hundred?" Mum said. "Quid," Matt added. "And I'd need to buy an amp as well?" Matt rocked his head back and forth. "And that will cost me…?" Mum prodded. "Well you can get one for as little as a hundred quid." "But?" "But it'll sound like arse." "What do you recommend?" Matt pointed. "This one here will work well." Mum flipped the tag. "Three hundred fifty quid?" "It's on sale," Matt pointed out. "Marked down from five hundred." Harry shifted when Mum turned her eyes on him. "I swear I won't break it," he offered. She handed her card to Matt. "Don't make promises you can't keep, Daniel." HPHPHP Author's notes: Cogeretur translates to Be Compelled. Nothing else to say really. Hope you enjoy. And, as always, thank you to those who review. Sorcerer's Muse