him with her. The door closed behind them. He looked around and saw black leather, white led lights, a mini bar with glasses. "A cab ?" He asked with his hand pointing to the interior of the limo. "Perks from work. Want a drink?" She said and reached for a bottle of champagne. She popped the cork and chugged from the bottle. She passed him the bottle and moved to sit on his lap straddling him once again. He took several long chugs from the bottle as he let her hands palm at him through his shirt. She felt his pecks, abs and shoulders. She took the bottle back from him and kissed him again, letting his hands roam her body. She took a drink and kissed him, passing the champagne to him as their tongues battled. It leaked out the corners of the their mouth, onto their clothes yet neither cared. He grabbed her hips and grinded her into him. She moaned against his mouth. The alcohol kicked in over drive, his head was spinning, his balls were aching, he was acting on pure instinct at this point. Some people call it being three sheets to the wind, he was calling it black out drunk. From here things were a blur. Her hands and lips were all over him. Her breath and voice driving him further. She smelled of strawberries. It was a blur from the car to the front door of the hotel. In the elevator, where he watched her giggle and sway back and forth with her arms wrapped around his neck as they danced to imaginary music. Another blur of events from the door to the bed, her hands taking off his coat, unbuttoned his frock and his shirt, almost ripping them off his shoulders. Severus' own hands lifting her shirt off her, her bra following it, laying her down and sliding the jeans down her hips, kissing up her thighs as he slid her panties down. Her heavy breath and small gasps as he devoured her core with his mouth and her hands tangled in his hair. Her body arching off the bed as she screamed his name. His hands reaching up to palm her breasts as he tasted her sweet nectar. He'd never been with a woman who shaved before! Another blur of memories, feeling her tightness around him as he slowly pumped away. Her kisses on his jawline and legs around him. Her nails piercing the skin of his back. He remembered he didn't want to hurt her, his need for release and dominance tearing at him. It had been too long since he'd had a woman under him screaming his name. She cupped his face, tightened her legs around him and said "You're not going to break me, Raven. Take what you need from me. Give me everything you have." Let me love you Love me , please love me She said everything he needed to hear, all self doubt and agony gone. He begged for her love, the ache for her to accept him. Melded by body and mind, the damn holding his self control had broken and she caught him. He suddenly lifted her leg above his shoulder, gripping her hips so tight he was sure he was bruising her. He pounded into her so hard the bed hit the wall with every thrust. His teeth on her skin, her nails in his chest as she came two more times. He'd never been with a woman who was able to have multiple orgasms, and he never remembered last this long with a woman-let alone being with one this beautiful. " Let me love you." Her words echoed repeated in his head and he picked up his pace. No one ever wanted to love him, let alone asked for permission. Was she telling him things he wanted to hear just because he needed it? She cried his name as she came a fourth time, he followed her to oblivion this time. Grunting her name and breathing in her moans and cries. Her hands tugging his hair, his lips on her neck. He remembered falling asleep, their tangled limbs under the sheets, her chest pressed to his and his face buried in her hair. Strawberries He remembered being woken again in the dark by her lips around him, sucking him slowly and caressing him. Him thrusting slowly into her mouth as he ran his hands through her hair and spoke her name like a mantra. He pulled her up to him as he sat up, wrapping her legs around him, her breasts in his face as she slid up and down his length. Her body responding to his every touch. Her whispers were the most beautiful music he'd ever heard. " I love you." She said as she stared into his eyes. Her words shook him to his core, he never heard them before. Spoken to him at least, it was the most beautiful thing he'd ever heard. Drunk on love, lust and alcohol the emotion overwhelmed him. He cried. Another first for him, crying while being balls deep into a beautiful woman. He thought he ruined the moment, until she wiped his tears with her thumbs and placed the softest kisses all over his face. "It's ok, let it out. Let me take care of you." She moaned into his mouth. His hands cupped her ass and brought her up and down on him, she twisted her hips as she came down causing him to moan her name. "Wolf….my Wolf." She tightened around him and crushed herself to his chest. Yes yes. She threw her head back as she came, he followed her over the edge and buried his face in her neck. He fell asleep again with her caressing his face. Tangled in the sheets again, listening to her breathing as he drifted off. Her words repeating themselves in his head ' I love you.' No one ever loved him.