an immeasurable pace, deafening them. The minutes came and went, and they lay like that together until their bodies gradually relaxed as the threat passed. "You know, I lied." Alex said, opening his eyes and gazing at Sebastian in the faded dim. "I didn't really use any magic on this fort, so… it's not safe." "I know." Said Sebastian, "But that doesn't mean it's not magic." At this point, the pair were tangled in each other, all arms and legs and pyjamas and cushions. They were nothing outside of themselves, the world outside paled into insignificance. Sebastian couldn't remember who started it. He wasn't even sure if either of them had started it. It had just… happened. They were eleven and twelve, inexperienced and kissing just for comfort. Sebastian remembered the warmth and feel of Alex's chocolate flavoured lips against his own, hungry for the reassurance of safety and intimacy that words couldn't bring. It didn't feel wrong or weird or in the slightest bit uncomfortable. Sebastian's fingers were threaded in Alex's curls, tugging him closer and both of Alex's arms enveloped Sebastian's waist, squeezing him. They kissed for an immeasurable length of time, finding mind-numbing relief in the act itself, neither of them thinking about what it meant or why they were doing it. Like this, the boys finally broke apart and fell into a dreamless sleep in each other's arms, content in each other's company and plagued by the exhaustion only a night like that could bring. Sebastian's last thought before drifting into unconsciousness wrapped in Alex's arms was that if he could relive this night over and over for eternity, he would. But all too soon, morning came, and when it did, Sebastian was alone in the fort, bright morning light shedding warm light into room 12. It was an understatement to say that Madam Rosmerta had been more than shocked when a dazed and sleepy eleven year old boy with chocolate stains down his pyjamas came wandering down the stairs. That day passed in a blur. It was surreal, being embraced by his teary parents and eldest brother, all alive in front of the ruins of Hogwarts, and all the while Sebastian could do nothing but look out for a red jumper and messy bronze curls. But amidst the celebrating students, the tears, the mourning, the worrying and cuddling, the previous night faded like a good dream. Those summer holidays might have been the strangest of Sebastian's life, passed in a trance-like state, he watched as the world he knew crumbled around him. Vince warned him then: Keep your head down, things are about to become a lot worse for ? Sebastian had asked. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was dead. All muggle-borns, themselves included, were free from persecution and Azkaban was fuller than it had ever been. Sebastian hadn't wanted to believe Vince's answer; that just by being a Slytherin he would be viewed as a criminal. But Vince had been right. Entering into second-year had been a nerve-wracking ordeal. Not only was Sebastian anxious as to how his non-Slytherin peers would receive him, but he'd see Alex for the first time since they'd been kissing in that fort. What would Alex say to him? What would he say to Alex? Nothing. Nothing, turned out to be the answer, because it soon came to light that the two were divided in differences more than Sebastian had cared to think about. Alex was a Gryffindor – he'd known that from the start. But it had not occurred to him that Alex had not realised that Sebastian was a Slytherin. They shared one, crucial interaction at the welcoming feast that told Sebastian all he needed to know on Alex's opinion of him. It had just been a look – one look as Sebastian had dared to glance over at the Gryffindor table as he followed his house mates to the Slytherin table, only to find a pair of wide, confused green eyes fixed on his every move. And then the realisation spread over Alex's face that had sent a shot of dread, and for some reason, guilt through Sebastian. Their eyes had met, and it was Sebastian who turned away first. It was that look that rid Sebastian's hope of ever speaking to Alex again. Not that he'd get a chance to anyway. Alexander Fawley rapidly became Gryffindor's poster boy. Seeker and Captain of the Quidditch team by sixth year, excelling in Defence against the Dark Arts and Charms respectively, Alex shone as the star - the hero pupil of not only Gryffindor but the entirety of Hogwarts. He was rarely seen without his hoard of followers and fans, each vying for his attention in attempts that Sebastian could only describe as pathetic. So why, then, did Sebastian still religiously watch Alex from afar, only to avert his gaze whenever their eyes threatened to meet? Why had he placed himself behind Alex in every class they shared? Why did he still remember the feel of Alex's lips against his own whenever he ate a Chocolate Frog? And not just Chocolate Frogs anymore, now all chocolate was cursed for Sebastian – forever tainted by the bitter experiences that led him to these problems in the first place. In Sebastian's mind, it had become a pathological problem that needed to be solved by any means necessary before he was driven to insanity. It wasn't until sixth year that a solution presented itself to Sebastian, a solution so outrageously bizarre that he knew it had to be executed. That brought him to here. Sebastian gazed, dumbfounded at his new, unfamiliar reflection. Months of preparation and waiting and careful planning had brought him to this. And he wasn't even half-way to his goal. A pair of pleasant, honeyed eyes with eyelashes shorter than his own gazed at him. A small mouth gaped in shock. Thick, chestnut curls tumbled over his shoulders, framing his delicate, heart-shaped face. But this wasn't his face. It was Amanda Parson's.