he gave me a combination of every Potter since Gryffindor himself I think. Finally he decided that I was to temporal for the wands he was trying and the very next one worked for me. Just be patient, your wand is like a life long partner, its very important, you understand?" Harry merely smiled and nodded at his dad while Ollivander stopped and stared, "You have a wand already? Interesting, may I?" Harry drew the wand speaking carefully, "A gift from Headmaster Dumbledore. He thought it necessary that I begin magical training as early as possible. We never decided if the wand was a good match, but it was a full powered wand. I was also rather attached to Hippogriff that the core comes from, and I have never felt dissatisfaction with the wand." Ollivander looked it over smiling, "Very interesting. The wand has a master, and I believe that to be you Mr. Potter, however I wonder why it does not work to its optimum ability in your hand, with this being the case...perhaps..." Before Ollivander could finish that thought he stormed towards the back, while Sirius whistled, "That dude is bat sh-" Lily cut him off, "PADFOOT!" Sirius looked guiltily at the ground, "Sorry Lils." When Ollivander came back he was looking pale as he handed Harry the box. Harry instantly felt something stir inside of him as he opened the box revealing a slim looking wand. When he grabbed it, a powerful surge went through the room blowing out the windows and creating a small little storm of bright red power. James and Lily were both blown back at the force of the blow and Ollivander stared with a tear in his eye, "Forgive me Mr. Potter, it seems I have made a grave error. The wand has connected with you, I wish it could be different, but, The wand chooses the wizard. That much has always been clear to those of us who have studied wand lore. These connections are complex. An initial attraction, and then a mutual quest for experience, the wand learning from the wizard, the wizard from the wand. For better or for worse the wand is now yours. I dare not try to give you another, while that wand remains intact." Harry asked quietly as his parents and siblings stared at him in awe and worry, "What is so special about this wand Mr. Ollivander?" Putting a hand on the boys shoulder he spoke gently, "Eleven inches, phoenix feather, Holly wood. It is certainly an unusual combination, but it is powerful, for the only one who wielded it did great things, terrible, but great. The phoenix whose feather created that wand, gave another feather, just one other feather. The one who wields the other wand, gave you that scar." The room seemed to drop several degree at that, while Lily Potter immediately intervened, "Surely there is another wand that he can try? This is a dangerous connection for my son to have with the Dark Lord." Ollivander sighed, "We should not fear the dead Mrs. Potter, only respect them, and the things they accomplished. The Dark Lord did great feats of magic with the brother of this wand. I expect great things from Mr. Potter as long as he wields that wand. I fear if he were to try a different one, it would come at a great cost to his magic." James Potter asked, "What kind of cost?" "Nothing to severe be assured, but I fear he would never accomplish his optimum potential without this wand at his side." Ollivander spoke cryptically. Sirius was at Harry's side in an instant, "I support this Harry. Mr. Ollivander is right, and we forge our own paths. This could be a sign, and not necessarily a bad one. Please Mr. Ollivander we will take this one." The head of the Black family gently patted his Godson on the shoulder as James paid the seven galleons for the wand. As they left Ollivander called out one last time, "Treat your wand well Mr. Potter, is it a partner for life, and it will bring you great power." With that the family all whisked away out of the ally. No one wanted to be scene just at the moment as the entire group had turned several shades paler. Even as young as Rosalie and Jack were, they understood an omen when one happened right before there very eyes. The question of the matter now was, could Harry carve a different path of redemption from the brother of the wand that killed so many. (A/N) This story will be a lot like the antithesis of the Dark Lords Rising which is a powerful Dark Harry. It is going to follow the canon events pretty closely. However this is going to be different, it will be a Hufflepuff Harry story, but don't think this odd just yet. This is more of a prelude for what is to come. In two weeks I will be back with more updates for this story, but I just wanted to get feel for if people would like to read something like this. If I don't get a positive response, I may just let it fall by the way side. If I get a positive response out of this then I may just go ahead and publish the next chapter next Sunday. I promise I will update every Sunday, you have my word. But give me some thoughts and ideas behind this story. Harry will be powerful, but be he is not going to be Overly Powerful. The first year will seem like a cake walk, but after that its going to get difficult. Please review, and tell me what you want! PS. The pairing is Hannah Abbot with a bit of Susan Bones. Neville will play the best friend. Weasleys will play a little part in this story. Dumbledore is for once going to be the good guy/mentor in my stories. Cheers!