Potter, and what did you do to me?" Snape snarled, his words obviously longing to escape since he had regained consciousness. Even now his eyes raked desperately over the deceptively innocuous young man, searching for the answers to his questions without success. "That's not important right now. I want to know why you killed Dumbledore." Harry normally would have been terrified of questioning Snape but the book had said that a thrall could never maliciously harm their dragon. He might have been putting a bit too much faith in the book at this early stage but something within him suggested both he and the book were correct. He was going to get answers, and if he had to be an arsehole to get them then so be it. He was no longer the unsure, frightened first year, intimidated by the Potion Master. Said Potion Master surged from his seat on the couch, snarling at the impudence of a mere student daring to question him. "I will not answer to a whelp of a wizard child, playing in situations best left alone!" The young wizard watched him calmly. "Please sit down Professor." Snape sneered, whirling away in a rustle of robes to continue pacing. Harry took a deep breath, resisting the urges that began to rise up in response to Snape's tone. "Professor Snape, please sit so we may talk like civilized adults." "Leave me be, boy." Harry came to his feet and blocked the older man's path. "I asked as a courtesy, now I'm telling you. Down!" He didn't really specify but he hadn't needed to. The next moment he watched quietly as Snape fell gracelessly to his knees, looking up at him with shock and fury. A thrill ran through Harry at seeing Snape on his knees before him but that wasn't what he was here for. Snape probably didn't play that way. Oh yes, Harry had learned many things over the years about what he liked and didn't like. "I'll ask again. I wish to know why you killed Dumbledore. Please tell me or I will find the answer myself," Harry said quietly, not wanting to push this issue but knowing he would eventually have to. The only response he got was another snarl while the wizard struggled impossibly to regain his feet. Rolling his eyes, Harry stepped back, quickly locking his gaze with Snape's. "Legilimens!" If Snape expected this to be like their lessons then he was sadly mistaken. His usual Occlumens shields stood strong but Harry passed right through as if they didn't exist. A mind could not block out its rightful owner and the dragon had claimed this bright mind. Harry could sense the rampant fear that permeated Snape like never before. No one had ever been able to break through Snape's shields; not Dumbledore, not the Dark Lord. Harry knew what kind of power he had and the chance to abuse it was within his grasp. But that wasn't who he was. "Show me why you killed Dumbledore. Show me everything connected to the event atop the Astronomy Tower," he murmured and almost instantly a bright, shimmering memory floated towards him from the swirling murk. He could sense Snape mentally grappling for that memory, trying to hide it, shield it anyway he could but his efforts were pointless. Harry watched in silence as Snape and Dumbledore spoke in his office, revealing what he wanted to know. The unsurprising truth that Dumbledore knew Malfoy was tasked to kill him. The shock of knowing that the curse in Dumbledore's hand would have killed him soon. The plan to save young Malfoy's soul from the taint of murder when Snape's soul was already stained by previous actions. Snape had been Dumbledore's man all this time; from the beginning, the Potion Master had been on their side. He had been tasked with doing the unimaginable and doing so without anyone's knowledge or gratitude. Dumbledore had chosen to set the time and place of his own death; entrusting a loyal friend to see it through to the end. Breaking the connection, he stepped away from the man now on his hands and knees panting harshly. Both men were breathing heavily after the mental and physical exertion of sharing the same mental space, not to mention the emotional toll of what Snape had unwillingly revealed and Harry had been shocked to learn. Harry stunned that Snape was really on their side. Snape shaken that the Potter boy found and viewed that memory with barely a token effort on his part. He was still on the ground and physically unable to stand; unable to move from the position Potter had forced him into. His heartbeat was pounding in his ears and a cold sweat broke out beneath his robes. "Wh-What are you?" Harry looked briefly at the other man before rubbing his forehead. "That is a long story. One which I don't have the energy or time for right now. You may stand and you may speak to whomever you wish, but not about me and what happened out on the lawn or what just happened here in his room. We'll speak more tomorrow." Without another glance towards Snape, he turned and exited the room. The portrait sealing behind him as he nodded at Tonks and accepted his wand back from the Auror. Tucking it into his pocket, he groaned softly while rolling his head to ease the stiff muscles. "He's able to talk now." Tonks nodded with a small smile before Harry turned and walked away. He made a beeline for Gryffindor Tower and his bed, too tired to think about anything beyond hiding the book in his trunk and getting some shut eye. Tomorrow was going to be trying. This is my first foray into the Harry Potter fandom so please be kind. I've proofed for other authors in this fandom and like to think I do an okay job. So, please be kind and I hope you enjoy.