my mind and tell me, please? Do you have any clear ones?" "No moonstone is perfectly clear," he said thoughtfully, going towards his storage to look through his moonstones. "They all have a level of fog, the impurities in a moonstone stem back to where they're found and when they're harvested. Why is that?" "Because the moon is never actually gone," I quoted, closing my eyes as he rifled. "The white moonstones represent the full moon and the clearest ones represent the dark side of the moon that we don't see during the new moon." "Very good," I heard him say, hearing his steps echo through the back of my mind as he walked back to me. Opening my eyes I saw that he was holding out a very clear moonstone – it barely had any fog to it save for the streak of white fog right through the right side. It was perfect. I grabbed it from him without word, shoving it against my forehead. Immediately, it began a tingle in the tips of my fingers and the bottom of my feet. I took a deep breath while I felt the tingles work through my system, calming down the tension from my muscles and working toward the throbbing beneath my skin. "Helping?" "Yes," I sighed in relief. "Interesting. So you know, moonstones tend to best help magically related migraines more than average headache pains. With the amount of relief you seem to feel from them, it seems to point to the fact this may not just be a simple headache." "I don't care as long as it can be cured," I sighed. "Well," he continued. "After the holidays I would like to try some tests. It may be a simple solution that you haven't yet thought of. Does that interest you?" "Very," I sighed, feeling much better though there was still a muffled drum beating in the back of my brain. At least now I couldn't tell you what song it was playing. "Good, now get back to the common room. I told you, students should not be out this late. It's not safe." Especially you, I could basically hear and see it in the sentence. I waved him off, glad to be feeling like my snarky self again as I walked toward his office door. "Merlin, sometimes it's surprising you're not a father. So protective..." He scowled at me, a black scowl that made my face clear nervously. It seemed as though children may be a sore subject for professor Snape. "Alright, alright, I'm going. Goodnight, professor. Thank you." He did nothing else but nod and send me on my way. I walked through the dungeons quickly, ready to get some sleep and make this migraine go away for good. I was glad there was no one in the halls to gossip as I walked past or try to start any trouble. It was nice to walk in solitude and examine the moonstone...it really was quite clear. I put it up to the lights flickering from the brackets on the wall. Something is wrong. As the thought entered my mind – no, pushed itself into my mind, a shiver ran down the length of my spine as if cold water was dripping down my neck. The lights around me seemed to burn with such a ferocity that it charred the back of my retinas. The charring was a slow burn that seeped through me, causing goosebumps and shivers and red flags to raise in my head. Something is wrong. I pushed my palms deeply into my eye sockets, ignoring the voice in the back of my mind. What was wrong was the fact that my bloody retinas were burning. Something is wrong. What the bloody hell is this? Why would everything burn and hurt and be ice cold...and what would let that happen all at once? It was overwhelming my senses and making me feel ill again. I groaned loudly, complaining to the empty halls. There was no one around to hear it. Somewhere between my temple and my forehead gave a painful stab of pain, causing me to open my eyes in shock and look down at the floor where the moonstone lay uselessly. I had dropped it. I bent down to get it, pushing it against my forehead and waiting for the relief to come again. But the headache didn't cease. Instead, the headache continued to burst through toward the clear rock as if it were fighting against the cure. I almost screamed in horror and pain; why wasn't it working? could I have cracked it when it dropped? would cracking it take away its ability to heal me? I placed it back up to the light of the corridor, looking through it to see if it was still clear and not clouded by a dark crack through the middle of it. Through the glass-like moonstone I could see a distorted version of stone and bracketed flames licking up the wall. It was still as clear as normal. So why wasn't it working? Something dragged itself on the ground to my side. It was a sound that I had heard before, when I had dragged Pansy Parkinson under her bed when she had been stunned and when I had seen a sixth year transfigured into a slug...but that sound didn't make sense in the middle of the night with no one in the dungeon. I swiveled toward it, the moonstone still stuck to my face, only to see giant, yellow, snake eyes. I froze, petrified, unable to move out of pure terror that sank itself into my bloodstream and froze like liquid nitrogen. Basilisk. Based off of my story Green Eyed Monster . This was edited by Angel of the Night Watchers. I do not own the Harry Potter universe or it's characters. I do own Audrey Potter, her ridiculously vivid potion-making skills, and her wicked nicknames and insults. Enjoy the flashbacks and please review :)