while Hermione is holding on to Ginny's arm to prevent her from going after Ron and hexing him into oblivion like she promised. "Calm down Ginny, he's not word it. Let him go, not being able to set foot into the Burrow again is enough punishment." "No it isn't. He has no right to talk to you like that." "Please Ginny, you going after him would only stress me and you know that is not good in my current condition." Hermione pleads with Ginny hoping that emphasizing her pregnancy will do the trick. It does because Ginny sits down suddenly more calmer and turns to Hermione. "You're right, I'm sorry. Are you alright?" While asking she rubs Hermione's belly trying to feel for herself everything is okay. When everybody is settled down Harry speaks up. "Can somebody please explain what just happened? Because I believe I'm missing some very vital information." Hermione sighs and stands. "Please come with me Harry, I'll explain everything to you." When Ginny moves to come with Hermione shakes her head. "I'm sorry Gin, this is something I need to do on my own." Hermione leads Harry upstairs and into Ginny's room. "What's going on Hermione?" Harry asks the moment the door closes behind them. Hermione takes a deep breath and starts her explanation. She tells Harry about the one night stand she had with Ron and how even though they wanted the same thing they had a fight about it. Hermione continues explaining how she found out she was pregnant and told this to Ron. When she gets to Ron's innitial reaction Harry sucks in a breath and cursus softly. It is clear the Hermione Harry does not agree with Ron's first reaction and this strengthens her. She procedes to tell Harry how she talked to her parents, Molly, Minerva and Ginny. Immediately taking the time to explain why she didn't confide in him, not wanting to burden him while he was dealing with his own broken heart. "Don't worry Hermione I understand. I'm glad to hear there were others you could confide in. Will you tell me the rest, because I have a feeling you are not finished with your story." And thus Hermione continues telling Harry about her dilemma with school and Ron's visit where he took her to the clinic. Which leads to Harry making fists with his hand in order to keep himself calm which Hermione was grateful for because this way she could finish her story with telling Harry about her budding friendship with Malfoy. "So that's what's been going on. I planned on telling you after dinner and in order to not scare you used the concealment charm." When Hermione is finally finished she removes the concealment charm and gives Harry his first look at her eight month pregnant belly. Harry moves over and gives her a bear hug. "I'm so sorry for Ron Hermione. Please know that I wouldn't have brought him if I had known. I will be having a few words with him and after that I do not wish to see him until he has apologized to you, and meant it. I'm on your side." Hermione hugs Harry back and they sit in silence for a while before moving back downstairs where they finish Christmas dinner together with the Weasleys and Minerva. After Christmas with a weight lifted from Hermione's shoulders things swiftly settle down. Until a saturday morning at the end of January. Hermione and Ginny are on their way to the Great Hall for breakfast when Hermione suddenly gasps. "What is going on Hermione?" Ginny asks concerned, immediately moving the Hermione's side. "My water just broke." "Huh? but you weren't even having contractions?" Ginny says in surprise, knowing from her visits with Hermione to the Hospital Wing that usually there are contractions for a while before the water breaks. "Yeah well I might have been having contractions since the middle of the night. But since they weren't to severe I figured I could go to breakfast before needing to go to the HospitalWing. I Guess I was wrong." "Well no matter, let's get you to Draco now." Ginny supports Hermione as best as she can while leading her to the Hospital Wing after shooting of her patronus to Draco to make sure he'll be there when the girls arrive. When Hermione is settled Ginny takes a little time to send patroneses to Minerva, Harry and her parents to inform them that Hermione is in labour. In the patrones to Minerva she ads a request for the headmistress to please pick up Hermione's parents and bring them to Hogwarts so they can be with her when she gives this Ginny has time for nothing but supporting Hermione to the best of her ability. Sometime after dinner that evening Hermione is ready to give the last push. "Just one more push Hermione and then you're done." Draco encourages her. "I'm so proud of how strong you are Hermione." Ginny tells her while sitting behind her on the bed supporting her upper body and helping her to best of her abilities. "Just a little more and you can finally hold your little munchkin in your arms." Ginny continues. Then Hermione lets out a scream while pushing her baby out. "Well done Hermione, it's a healthy baby boy." Draco announces after casting a quick diagnostic spell on the little boy. He hands the little boy over to Hermione and busies himself with cleaning Hermione and the bed up. Giving the women in front of him as much privacy as he can. "Well done sweetheart." Ginny whispers in Hermione's ear. Even though those three words are nothing special the tone tells Hermione just how much Ginny cares about her. Hermione turns her head to Ginny. "I could not have done this without you. I love you." And without giving Ginny a chance to respond Hermione kisses her. To her happiness Ginny does not hesitate in kissing her back.