James Potter, I swear that to you." "Who are you?" "My name is Tom Marvarlo Riddle. My followers call me the Dark Lord, my enemies call me Lord Voldemort." "Why are you here?" "I have noticed that you and I share some certain similiarities. I have come in order to give you an opportunity that I would've only dreamed of. I am here to offer you my home, my power, my training, and my skills, while all I ask for in return is your friendship." The green eyed boy stared at the man in wonder, "I've never had a friend before." The Dark Lord gave the boy a light smile, "Well if you come with me you can have lots of friends. Maybe even one day you can have followers like me. After I teach you to control these powers that you have." "You mean you have the special abilities too?" The Dark Lord nodded, "I went to school to learn how to control them, you will to one day, but I want to bring you in and give you some advanced training. So that way you can become special." Harry sighed, "I am not special sir. My Aunt and Uncle tell me quite often, then they don't feed me, from what I can tell I am a problem child..." The Dark Lord sighed, "You are very special Harry, if you come with me I will prove it to you." "Can you show me how you are special?" The Dark Lord who wasn't used to be tested or questioned first took insult to that, but then he realized he asked Albus Dumbeldore to do the same for him years before, "Sure, what is your favorite thing in the whole wide world?" Harry put a finger on his chin as if he was contemplating something very serious, "I don't have a favorite thing Mr. All my stuff is passed down from my cousin." Lord Voldemort was becoming more and more disgusted with these people by the second, so instead of cursing someone he waved his hand and the boy started floating. Harry immediately began panicking and threw his hand forward causing a wave of accidental magic wash over the Dark Lord. When Harry hit the bed he stared at the man with wide eyes, but the Dark Lord was giving him a similar look, "How long have you been able to do tricks like that?" "Since I can remember sir." "Alright Harry, now listen. I want to offer you a new home, I can tell you aren't very happy here." "I don't know sir, if I run away my aunt and uncle will beat me, I have tried before." "If you come with me I swear it to you no one will ever harm you again without paying for it. I can teach you many things Harry James Potter, but only if you come with me." The Green eyed boy seemed pretty convinced, but then asked, "Will there be food?" "More than you can imagine. Now is there anything you want to take with you?" Harry shook his head, "No sir, I am ready. Just promise me one thing." The Dark Lord raised an eyebrow, "Never make me comeback." Tom Riddle felt his heart go out for the boy, he then placed an arm on his shoulder, "Never will you have to, only if you want to." With that he stood, and then pressed his mark gently causing the snake to hiss and two pops were instantly heard outside. In a few short moments he was joined by two of his followers, "Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy, I am in need of the services we spoke of a few days ago. I will be the first to admit I am not capable or trained to raise a child, but I will do my best. I only ask that you take the boy out and get him some clothes and food, after which you may bring him to my home at Gaunt Manor. At which point I will take permanent custody of the boy. You will keep him hidden from the public at all cost, and may ask help of any other of my death eaters WITH children. Treat him as if you would treat my son, my only heir. I owe this child a great deal." This conversation had been sorted out in much detail many nights before, but now was the time for the Dark Lord to put a small amount of faith in his followers. "Make haste my slippery friends." Lucius and Narcissa both bowed respectfully, "Of course my Lord. Will you be by to check on the boy?" Voldemort growled, "Soon, so you best take care of my son Lucius." The head of the Malfoy house visibly flinched at the obvious threat, "Yes my Lord." The Dark Lord then turned to the boy, "I am going to give you family, something I have never had before, and it is something I know you have never had before either. But i'd like to give it a try if you are willing?" The boy smiled and brought the man in for a hug then quickly backed away. The Dark Lord was touched, but he refused to show it, "Good now let us leave, before the Wards become fully active once again, our business is done here." (A/N) I hope that was a different start than what most people are use to. The Dark Lord is still very evil don't get me wrong, but he is going to be somewhat compassionate, he is still going to kill, a lot, but he is going to be more intelligent than blood thirsty. Give me a few chapters, I think fans of the Harry Potter series will like where I take this. IT will follow through all seven years of his childhood, and the canon plot line will actually be rather stuck to. Please stick around for the next chapter of a Dark Lords Rising!