Slytherin," Sirius grinned. "You'll get your money later Sirius," Morana replied. They'd missed a few sortings. The boy whose name they heard next was Thomas Banner. He had glasses and seemed to be shaking from head to toe. The Hat called out "Ravenclaw!" The kid unsteadily made his way over to that table. "No new Gryffindors yet," Remus noticed. "I'm sure there will be some. It's early in the sorting yet," Morana said with a smile. The wolf growled happily at that. Sure enough, a short time later Gryffindor got it's first new member: Elyanna Blood. The next name called out was Leonard Bones. "That's a Hufflepuff," Peter whispered. And sure enough he was sorted into Hufflepuff. The Marauders didn't pay much attention to the next sortings until the name Andrei Dalca was called. Morana noticed that it was the boy from the train. "Slytherin with hair like that. Looks like he could be related to the Malfoys," James said. "He's a Muggleborn. When I ran into him on the train, I saw him wearing a Queen shirt," Morana replied. "I like this kid already. He's got good taste in music," Sirius grinned. "Wonder what his reaction will be when he finds out that he already knows a wizarding band," Remus grinned. Before any of the other Marauders could comment further, the Hat shouted out "Gryffindor!" The Marauders clapped and cheered with the rest of their house as the boy joined their table. Andrei was glad to have been sorted. At least he was near the beginning of the alphabet. He would hate to have a name that began towards the end. Now that he was at the table, he got a better look at his housemates. He saw the girl from earlier. She was sitting with four boys, the one with glasses looked enough like her to possibly be her brother. "Those are the Marauders," someone said next to him in a thick burr. "Excuse me," Andrei asked. "Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, Peter Pettigrew, along with James and Morana Potter. They're sixth years. And you don't cross them lightly," the boy replied. "How do you know about them," he asked. "My brother Adrian is a year behind them. They like to play pranks, mainly on Slytherins. My name's Henry Bruce by the way," the black haired boy said as he held out his hand. "Andrei Dalca," he replied with a small smile. Both went back to watching the sorting. Morana was making a tidy little profit with betting on the sortings of the first years. "Big incoming class this year," Remus noticed as Delilah Greengrass came up. All the Marauders said in stereo along with the hat, "Slytherin!" The next sortings blew right by. When Sonja Vincent was called up there were only two more kids left to be sorted. "Any guesses as to where this one's headed," Sirius whispered. "8 sickles for Ravenclaw," Remus said. "I'll take that bet. That girl looks like a Hufflepuff," Peter replied. The Hat called out "Ravenclaw" and Peter shifted 8 sickles in front of Remus. Lily gave all the Marauders and acidic glare. When Ashara Zima was sorted into Gryffindor the Marauders cheered, mainly for the reason that they were all getting hungry. Dumbledore went through his opening speech. The Marauders smirked at the reminder that the forest was forbidden to all students. The feast went by mostly uneventfully. However towards the end, after the dessert showed up, the badges, ties, and robes of every Slytherin fourth year and above turned Gryffindor red and gold. Andrei looked and saw four of the five Marauders snickering. One of the boys, the one with the Prefect's badge seemed to have an exasperated smile on his face. A red haired girl had an expression of the utmost fury on her face. She too had a prefect's badge. Andrei asked, "Hey Henry, who's the girl with red hair?" "Lily Evans. According to my brother, James Potter has been making an utter fool of himself over her," Henry replied. After Dumbledore had set them off to bed, Morana had to find Remus before he got to the first years. She asked, "Moony, could you do me a favor?" Remus felt the wolf perk up. "What's the favor," Remus asked. Like he'd say no to her. "Could you keep an eye on that Muggleborn first year Andrei for me? You'd be able to do it much easier than I can," Morana asked with a smile. "Of course I will. I'll keep a special eye on him," Remus replied. "Thank you Remus. I'll see you in the morning," Morana said as she left the hall. Even though he always behaved like a gentleman, right now Remus could not help but find himself (and the wolf) ogling Morana's backside. "Enjoying the view Moony," a familiar voice asked. Remus about jumped out of his skin before turning around to see Sirius's grin. "You're luck it was me and not Prongs, mate. Are you actually going to do something about her this year or will you be mucking about? And don't use your furry little problem as an excuse. Aggie knows about it, and doesn't give a damn about it," Sirius snarled. Moony really needed to get his act together. He continued with, "Why do you think I've been helping James terrorize the boys she's dated? You deserve happiness just as much as everyone else!" Remus was uncertain. The wolf was agreeing with Sirius. And he was tired of arguing with the wolf. Even though his friends had become illegal animagi for him, a part of him worried that one of them might shift back to human form and he'd attack them. He called the first years up behind him. Andrei was right up front where Remus could see him. A/N 2: So.. what do you all think? What did you all think of the prank they pulled on the Slytherins? I would like more suggestions as to pranks the Marauders pull.