orange ball of sun was dipping down toward the horizon, shining through the leaves on the trees and making their colors even more vibrant. Althea absolutely loved this time of day, and she thought she might stay just long enough to watch the sunset. As soon as it got dark, as soon as the moon showed signs of rising, she'd Apparate back home. No sense in asking for trouble. However, the longer she sat there, the more she watched the sun's decent in the sky, the more her eyelids began to droop. She didn't even realize it. She had grown so comfortable in what she had come to think of as her domain, it didn't cross her mind that she could be putting herself in danger. That something could be out there lurking, waiting to change her life forever. When Althea opened her eyes again, she was met with complete and utter darkness. At first, she was still too groggy from sleep to even register what had happened or where she was. It took her a moment to realize that she was sitting hunched over against the trunk of her favorite tree. She rubbed at her eyes harshly, wondering what time it was. Her mother had been expecting her home for dinner, so Althea hoped that it wasn't too late. She was never one to simply miss plans like that, so chances were her mother would be worried if she had. Althea stretched her arms out over her head, attempting to further wake herself up. It wouldn't do to return home half asleep. Just as Althea began to get up from the now damp grass, she heard a loud snapping sound from somewhere behind her in the darkness. She sucked in a breath, turning and peering into the blackness of the trees beyond. Nothing moved, nothing made a sound, and Althea shook her head. It was most probably a rabbit or some other harmless animal, scurrying away into a burrow when they heard her stir. There was no reason to think that whatever it was meant her any harm. No reason at all. Even so, Althea got to her feet, making a mental note to never remain in the woods after dark again. She was still certain that there wasn't anything that would hurt her, but no forest in the dead of night was a welcoming or friendly place. Certainly not what she had been looking for when she first Apparated there after work. Althea closed her eyes and focused her thoughts on her new destination - the walkway leading up to her parents' house. Before she could Disapparate, however, she heard something else. Something that chilled her to the bone much more so than a snapping twig had done. It was a growl. A low guttural sound that could only have come from something large. Althea's eyes snapped open again, fear driving all rational thought from her mind. She squinted her eyes, trying desperately to see into the blackness that surrounded her. She immediately reached inside her robes, going for wand, but she didn't even get that far. Before she even realized what was happening, something hit her squarely in the chest. She started falling backwards, her arms shooting out in all directions, desperately trying to catch herself on something. All her fingers found were useless twigs and brambles, which scratched and tore at her skin on the way down. When her back slammed into the forest floor, a large gasp of air was forced from her lungs. She desperately tried to suck it back in, but something very large and heavy had settled into place over her chest. It was still too dark, and she was still too disoriented from her fall to register much of what was happening. All she felt was heaviness and fur on top of her which smelled horribly of dirt and sweat. She heard that deep growl again, and the next thing she knew, something sharp was tearing through her clothes and into her flesh. She cried out in pain as a warm wetness spread out under what remained of her shirt. Althea started kicking and punching at the creature that was pinning her down, but she was absolutely no match for it. Whatever it was, it was huge, and her efforts to hurt it didn't even seem to affect the animal at all. Next, her hands went to her pocket, searching out the handle of her wand, but it wasn't there. It must have been knocked free from her clothes by the creature's attacks. Unsure of what else to do, Althea opened her mouth and screamed. She screamed bloody murder, hoping to rouse the attention of anyone who might be in the area. She yelled until she was sure her voice would be permanently hoarse from the effort, and even then, she continued to cry out into the darkness. No one came. There was no one there. No one except for her and the huge hulking thing atop her. She only stopped screaming when she felt an intense pain in her right hip. It was much stronger than anything else the animal had done thus far, and it sent lightning bolts of pain resounding through her entire leg and abdomen. It felt like nails were being driven right into her very bone, and the pain began to creep up into her chest. Her voice died in her throat, only to be replaced strained gasps for air. A horrible thought occurred to her. She was going to die. This creature was going to tear her to shreds, and there might not even be anything left by the time someone did find her. Althea couldn't focus on anything. Everything seemed like a swirl of pain, and growls, and blood, and fear around her. Her eyes began to roll back in her head, and the very last thing she saw was the impossibly full moon hanging high in the sky above her. To be continued…