nothing there." "Is it now," Sirius said, trying to hide how sick he was with this situation. He grabbed the man's cock, giving him a half-hearted handjob to stiffen him up properly and hopefully make him last for a shorter amount of time. "I know what to do, by the way. I've had sex with women before." "Care to rephrase that?" Sirius said and had no desire to hide the death glare he was shooting this guy. "Sorry. Didn't mean it that way. Just saying, women have vaginas." Why was he doing this? If he'd had a cock, it would be limp as a dead fish. "You know what, I'm not really feeling this. Mind if you just crash on the couch or get a taxi?" "Are you shitting me? I've been waiting around all night, listening to your fucking friends screech at songs and play fucking nintendo." "Taxi is really the only option now." "And then you go as far as wanking me for thirty seconds and then you don't want to do anything anymore?" "Nobody taught you about consent, did they?" "I- I- I know about consent! I'm just mad!" He kicked Sirius' laundry basket, making the heap of clothes in it fly across the floor. Sirius groaned with annoyance. "You really are a woman you know. Hormonal and flaky as shit." "Oh fuck off!" Sirius pushed him out the door, not bothering to bring along any of the discarded clothes for him off the floor. "Maybe I didn't want to fuck you because you've been nothing but a fucking, mopey, condescending prick the whole fucking night." Sirius, being fit, could be intimidating if he wanted to be, and the man cowered as he was ushered down the stairs and through the hall to the front door. "Sorry if that whole spiel didn't fucking turn me on!" He opened the door and pushed the naked man out on the front steps, happy it had started pouring down again. "Are you actually leaving me out here like this?" he shouted, in a moment of regained bravery. "I don't even know where I am." "I'll throw your shit down for you." He slammed the door in his face and locked it. He stomped back upstairs and did as promised, aiming for the puddles, not that it mattered as hard as it was raining. The loud thud of the jeans hitting the ground told him the man's phone had been in there, and he only hoped it wasn't broken so that the guy could call a taxi and get the hell away. Once everything had been thrown out, he collapsed on the bed and allowed himself to feel just slightly empty inside. He'd got all his anger out, and he'd been told worse by people who mattered more, so he really wasn't upset. Just perhaps with the situation he had gotten himself into in the first place. The door suddenly creaked open, and he grabbed his duvet to cover himself but relaxed when he saw it was Remus. "My Sirius needs me senses were tingling. Was he a prick?" he asked with a concerned expression on his face as he leaned against the door frame. "Yes. Sure it was your senses and not just my shouting that alerted you?" He chuckled. "Bit of both. Want to snuggle?" "Please." Sirius studied him as he curled up next to him on the bed, embracing him tightly. Remus was only wearing his boxer briefs, but his hair was still tidy and there were no hickeys or marks on his body that suggested any illicit activities. "What about Melanie?" "She passed out, and what with me not being an American frat boy, I decided to let her sleep and put a bucket next to the bed so that when she inevitably vomits, I won't have to clean up the floor." "You're kind, Moony." "For not sexually assaulting someone?" "And more reasons." Remus' breath was hot on his skin and the feel of his arms pleasant and warm. He not so subtly rubbed his thighs against Remus cock, which was flaccid but growing with the touch. "Want to make love to me?" "Of course." Remus immediately moved downwards, about to do what Sirius normally loved most, but it wasn't what he wanted then, and he forced him back up. They kissed as they fumbled for condoms and lube, and as Remus entered him, Sirius wrapped his legs around him, trapping him in the missionary position where he was being embraced completely and could see his lover's face the whole time. He didn't care about the orgasm, only wanting the intimacy. But being Remus, overly considerate as he was, he still made sure to angle his thrusts so that Sirius' clit was stimulated. He trailed kisses down Sirius' jawline as he made love to him slowly, stopping at his ear to nibble and whisper. "I love you." The words caused a jolt of pleasure throughout his whole body, and he wanted him to say it again and again. "I love you, Sirius." He thrust deep inside him as his fingers trailed circles around his nipple and his lips pressed against his neck. "If only you tell me to, I'll be all yours. You know that right? All yours." Sirius came. Hard. His whole body went rigid as Remus raised himself to better rub his clit, his cock still buried deep inside him, as he drew it out as long as possible. Once Sirius had come down from the high, he slowly started to move again, and by the look on his face he knew he was in for another. In the haze of pleasure, Remus' words were temporarily forgotten, but as Sirius played with his not-boyfriend's curls as they were falling asleep, spent and exhausted, the words came back to him. He wondered why he couldn't say what he wanted to say. What he needed himself to say. What it was that scared him. Be mine, Remus.