up the good work Susan, now Hannah your circle is a little off..." As Harry explained the intricacies of Hannah's critical wand work error, Susan was simply amazed that Harry was so knowledgeable in dueling and in spell work! It made her mind swell with even more unanswered questions, which made the enigma of Harry Potter just a little bit more interesting. When he was walking away he Hannah whistled lowly, "I think we did a good thing joining this group Suzy. I will be reluctant to admit it, but Potter really knows his stuff. At least in his basic dueling charms." Susan nodded her head in agreement, and finally the two had pulled off a successful four rounds of exchanges, before Hannah over powered her shield and disarmed her. They practiced for thirty more minutes, when Potter called the end of the class. "Alright guys that was pretty good, I noticed improvements in everyone's work, some of you it was drastic, and for some it was simply rolling up your sleeves so well done!" Susan smiled at the acknowledgment, but no one except Hannah knew whom Harry was referring to, "I would like to keep classes less than two hours, but more than an hour if possible. Next time for fifteen minutes we will practice this, and move onto the next few things. We are working to have a full on duel before the end of the year. I think everyone did great today, and I hope everyone can make it to the next meeting hopefully in a few days. Thanks for coming out guys, goodnight!" Before the class could dismiss, Colin Creevey of Gryffindor asked, "Harry can you show us your patronus now? You told me you would show the class sometime, and I really wanted to see it?" Harry's cheeks colored a bit, "Umm, maybe not tonight Colin, everyone has been here for a while, I am sure the others want to get back to their common rooms." Terry Boot of Ravenclaw muttered loudly, "I've never seen a real patronus before..." Others around him nodded and Harry sighed, "Okay, I will give a demonstration. The patronus is one of the easier wand movements, it is simply a flick outwards." Taking a deep breath Harry closed his eyes. A small smile appeared on his face as he flicked his wand outwards, "Expecto Patronum!" A giant light erupted from his wand, and a etheral creature emerged from the light. A large stag stood in front of the students standing proudly, and simply radiating power. Harry spoke, "Meet prongs, it was my dads Animagus...He has saved my life more times than I will ever care to count...Now if that will be all, Hermione says we can release the Ravenclaws. Thanks for coming out guys!" Harry bowed to his patronus, and Prongs bowed back, and then disappeared in a fine mist that settled to the floor. Everyone had clapped at the performance, but Susan was speechless by the power of the patronus. Her aunt told her that only a few wizards alive could cast a true corporeal patronus. Harry's was almost alive though, it was almost as if Prongs could actually impale something with his massive antlers. Susan wasn't just impressed, she was amazed! As Harry dismissed the Gryffindor students, Susan began to approach him, "Thanks for the lesson Harry, I really appreciated the fix in my fashion statement!" Harry gave the girl a slight nod, "It was an easy fix. Your wand work was pretty good, I am guessing with your aunt being an auror, you have had some pretty good teachers before me?" Susan shrugged, "Just my Auntie actually. She doesn't like to take time from her other aurors, but she has helped me during the Summer when she could, as you can imagine she has been quiet busy over the past two years." Harry nodded grimly, "Yes I am afraid I can imagine so." Susan grimaced at her choice of words and began to apologize, but Harry waved her off, "Its okay really! I am glad you learned something, and I am glad you and Hannah enjoyed yourself. Next week hopefully I will have time to reach out to the others. I told Neville if he wanted extra work we could do some stuff together in the dormitory since we are neighbors after all." Susan smiled at the boy, "Thats great! Hey listen Harry, I was wonderin-" Ron came into the conversation at that point, "Brilliant lesson mate! We should get going before Umbitch catches out past curfew!" Harry nodded and agreed, "Yeah okay Ron! I'm sorry Susan what were you saying?" Susan looked from Harry to Ron, and held a fake smile, "Oh I was just going to ask if you would give me some last second tips, but next time! I will let you get back to your dorm!" Ron grinned and carried Harry off, as Hannah walked over to her best friend, "That red head is one annoying prat!" Susan sighed, "I don't want to ask anything super personal! Just a few questions about the trial, what happened at the third task, and if you-know-who is really the one who killed Cedric." Hannah gasped, "So you believe him?" Susan pondered her best friends question for only a moment before answering, "I do, but if he is telling the truth, then we all have a lot more work to do then just shields and disarming hexes." (A/N) I know new story, while two others are in progress, but as you can all see it has been a while on those updates. I have quite a bit of this story already written, so I am going to update every Tuesday or Wednesday, and maybe if the reviews are really good I will update some more :) Cheers guys and its good to be back! Also please comment if you want lemons in this story making it M, or if we are good with T and no lemons!