Pureblood household would tutor their heirs in the ways of finance. If you are granted guardianship, your family would be unaware of the inner workings of Potter finances. If I may, the bank would be able to make an arrangement where one of our representatives could instruct young Mister Potter. We wouldn't have to speak of his lineage, just of business related matters. Would this be acceptable to you?" Even though his proposition was phrased innocently enough, Director Ragnock could not pass up on a chance to influence the now called boy-who-lived and Heir to the House of Potter. Oblivious of the goblin's manipulations, the Lovegood pair could see nothing wrong with this and gave their consent to this. Ragnock's face broke into a devilish grin and signed a few papers. "Xenophilius and Pandora Lovegood, it is with great pleasure that I grant you two guardianship permits over one Harry James Potter. We have contacts in the Ministry of Magic that should help the permit go through on their end as well. By the end of the week, Harry Potter shall be under your care until he reaches his coming of age at seventeen years old. Congratulations." The excited exclamations from the Lovegood couple had woken the Potter boy from his slumber. The Potter Scion opened his bleary emerald green eyes and focused on Director Ragnock. The goblin director was surprised when the toddler's face split into a wide smile. It was almost as if the child knew that this very goblin had saved him from a horrible childhood and a harsh fate. Ragnock shook his head in disbelief at the child's knowing look. Pandora lovingly embraced Harry in joy and the moment was over. As Ragnock looked at the little family, he knew that he had made the correct choice. The last of the Ancient and Noble House of Potter finally had a family that would love him as much as he deserved. Shaking himself from such sentimental thoughts, Ragnock tried to get the Lovegood family's attention. "Well, we know that a certain Headmaster will be displeased with this turn of events. However, with this permit, there will be little he can do about it. I would not be surprised if he will try to use his influence to get Harry back to his horrible relatives. He will try to argue that Harry won't be safe with your family." The Lovegoods began to argue about this, Pandora being most vocal that if anyone wanted to hurt her baby they would have to go through her. Ragnock talked over their raised voices and said, "We at Gringotts want this to happen as much as you do. So may I suggest a solution." Now that got their attention. "You both probably aware of the Fidelius Charm." At their blank faces, Ragnock continued, "It is a spell that is cast by a powerful wizard that can render information, a person, and even a location secret, invisible, or unknowable. There is a little known variation for this charm that would be useful in this case. It is called the Differius Charm. It works similar to the Fidelius Charm and the Confundus Charm combined. When used on a person, it helps protect their identity while the person can still interact with others. For instance, if a person with the Differius Charm cast on them were to go to a party, they could introduce themselves as whatever they please and the people that person interacts with would later have their thoughts confused about the person. All the witness would remember is a fuzzy impression of the person but not question the reason for this or anything else about the person's identity. Also, similar to the Fidelius Charm, any who try to write down the person's name, take a picture of the person, or try to locate the person will suddenly find themselves too confused to do so. The only flaws with this charm is that it eventually wears out and cannot stand up under a large number of people scrutinizing the Charm all at once." As a spell inventor, Pandora was immediately intrigued. She made a mental note to look into such charms that could almost be used as wards. "If used on Harry, it would probably be in place long enough for him to be unfindable and unknowable until he goes to Hogwarts." Xenophilius looked over at his wife and they silently communicated for a moment. Finally, Pandora's grip on Harry tightened slightly and Xenophilius said, "Do it." With their consent, Director Ragnock's grin grew even wider. With his sharp teeth, it looked more like a menacing grimace. With the Potter heir away from the meddlesome Headmaster's influence, the Goblin Nation had gained a foothold over the boy-who-lived. Everyone in the office had something on their minds as the joyful celebration continued. Xenophilius was ecstatic that his wife was happy and that they would be able to keep little Harry, who he had grown rather fond over. Pandora was gleefully looking into Harry's eyes, seeing her friend's emerald eyes looking back at her. Luna was giggling at all the loud noises she didn't understand. Harry was vaguely wondering why this kind lady was looking at him so strangely. Ragnock was lost in his own plotting thoughts. However, no one felt the approving hum of magic that radiated throughout the room. If any of them had noticed, they would have thought that magic herself had been humming in approval to the unexpected turn of events. AN: Hello! I hope you all are enjoying the story so far! In case you were wondering, I created the Differius spell from the Latin word Differo which means to distract or confuse. I added the –ius part at the end to make it look like the Fidelius charm. If you liked it, Review or PM me! Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or anything associated with it. I would be honored to meet JK let alone be her.