unaware of the dangers, shoved it into his mouth. "Oh! I almost forgot!" Hagrid said, he seemed to forget a lot of things. He reached into his large coat and pulled out two letters. Athena glanced at each other and grinned. Finally. Hagrid handed them the letters. Both Harry and Athena opened them with shaky hands while Petunia shrieked her protests. "I've read those letters! I will not pay for them to go to that school to be taught by that loony old man!" Vernon screamed at Hagrid, and if Harry was his uncle, he would pee himself by the look Hagrid was giving him. "Never insult Albus Dumbledore in front of me!" Hagrid yelled, raising his umbrella at Dudley, who was stuffing himself with cake. Dudley yelped and jumped up quickly. He ran into the other room, his hands clamped over his bottom. A short, curly pig tail showed between his fingers. Athena looked at him and laughed. Petunia and Vernon turned and -with one last frightened look at Hagrid- followed their son and closed the door with a snap. "Shouldn'ta done tha'. Lost me temper," Hagrid said, looking guilty. "An' I'm no' supposed to use magic, either. Don' tell anyone," Hagrid said, his eyes shameful. Athena beamed at him, but the smile slipped from her face. "How did our parents die? Who was that dark wizard? What's Double Door? Is that another school?" The words poured out of her mouth quickly, and Hagrid only caught pieces. "Hold on! Firs' things firs', yer parents were murdered by- I can' say his name," Hagrid said. "Why not?" Harry asked. "Blimey, people are still afraid o' him," Hagrid said. Reaching into his coat, Hagrid pulled out a skillet and a pack of sausages. He pointed his umbrella at the fireplace, and flames erupted inside the grate as if it had been burning for hours. Athena and Harry sighed contently. "Can you write it down?" Athena suggested while Hagrid dumped the sausages into the pan. The scent filled their nostrils and Harry's stomach growled. Hagrid shook his head. "Can' spell it," Hagrid said. "Alrigh', I'm only gonna say it once. Voldemort," he whispered, and shuddered. "Voldemort?" Athena asked loudly, and Hagrid shook violently. "Don' say it!" He hissed, and Athena shared a look with Harry. "Sorry," Harry apologized for her. "Why is everyone so afraid of him?" Athena asked, sitting by Hagrid. Hagrid shook his head a little. "Done terrible things," Hagrid said. Harry and Athena exchanged a glance. "What's Hogwarts?" Harry asked. "Read yer letters!" Hagrid said. Both Harry and Athena ripped open the envelopes, and pulled out the parchment inside. The first page read: HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear , We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours Sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Athena was the first to speak. "What's 'Supreme Mugwump' mean?" She asked, looking up at Hagrid. "Wait, don't answer that, what does it mean by owl?" Harry asked, shooting an exasperated look to his sister. Hagrid chuckled, but then reached into his coat. His hand emerged with an owl. Athena shrieked. She was afraid of birds. Hagrid scrawled something onto a piece of thick paper, and tied it to the bird's leg. He sent it out into the storm through the window. "Keep readin'," Hagrid said, poking at the sausages with a fork. Athena and Harry kept reading their letters, and Athena was now convinced that this was real. No one could be that crazy and sound so sane. "Hagrid," Harry said. "Where are we supposed to get all of this?" "And what's a 'Supreme Mugwump'?" Athena asked. Hagrid looked at them. "Diagon Alley is where yeh're gonna get this," Hagrid said merrily. "Er- Diagon Alley?" Athena asked. "Yeh'll see," Hagrid said, and skewered a sausage onto a fork. He handed her the fork and she happily took a bite out of the sausage. Harry stared at her. She shrugged. It wasn't her fault that Harry didn't have food yet. "So, are we staying here, then? When are we leaving?" Harry asked, not preoccupied with food. "Nah, we're leavin' tomorrow," Hagrid said, and handed Harry a sausage. He sighed gratefully. "What's a 'Supreme Mugwump'? I'm serious," Athena said, and Harry shot her a look that clearly said- "Stop asking pointless questions." "The head o' the International Confederation o' Wizards," Hagrid explained. "Okay…" Athena said slowly, not quite understanding but not wanting to ask about it. "Harry, open your present!" She said suddenly. Harry rolled his eyes and picked it up from the floor where he flung it earlier. It was a watch that Athena had found in Dudley's second room when she and Harry first moved into the room. It was gold, and Dudley had cracked the glass. It was still working, even though it was hard to read the time. Harry grinned at her and slipped the watch on, finding comfort in the ticking. "Thanks, Athena," Harry said. He reached into his bag and handed her a neatly wrapped package; Harry was much better at wrapping than Athena. It was a an owl necklace that he found at the park a month earlier. Harry didn't exactly have access to jewelry stores or gift shops. "Thank you, Harry," Athena said, putting the chain over her head. They grinned at each other, then turned to Hagrid. "So we'll sleep here, then?" Athena asked, glancing at the door the Dursley's disappeared behind. "Yeah," Hagrid said. Athena and Harry pestered Hagrid with questions for about an hour before their eyes grew heavy. Harry let Athena sleep on the couch, and ended up sleeping on the floor by the fireplace. It was an odd day, indeed.