any room Hermione entered. This situation made her the only person in the house able to cook her own dinner. Not that she did- she just poached off of whatever was left. Summer was drawing to its end. Hermione was going through the Black Library methodically. Shelf after shelf was scanned. Hermione had roped Fred and George into what she called A Mission Of Utmost Importance. They'd go to the library together, and first make sure nobody was there. Then they'd steal books. It was against every Hermione's very principal principle. She was now a book-thief. This was a fact she blamed on Walburga Black and her slimy conniving ways. "No, but really," she complained aloud to Fred. She turned to him abruptly in the middel of perusing one more shelf. Her necklace clattered against her collar. "I'll bet you she meant for this to happen. I mean, the Black line couldn't continue, right?" When there was no confirming nod, she pinned Fred with a frown. "Right?" "Yes, yes," he rushed to assure her. "Of course not." "Right," Hermione sniffed. "And with no heirs, what did she think would happen to this library!" Summer was drawing to an end but Hermione was prepared for this. Her trunk was filled -stuffed- with texts upon texts upon texts upon texts upon texts. The books were shunken, the trunk was enchanted to hold more than it could in reality. Then she had 'borrowed' a knapsack from the Black family, and made big eyes at Remus (she'd told him the function on her trunk was wearing off. Cheap trunks did that.). 'Her' knapsack then could hold almost as much as her trunk. Fred and George had taken care to make copies of each and every one of the books she'd taken, and put them back in the library. Those copies would only last for about a few months, but she'd be back here to replace them again before then. And even if she wasn't, it wasn't like anyone even used this library. They wouldn't miss a few -or even quite some more than a few- books missing. Plus, every single tome in her suitcase had an equivalent copy here. If anyone ever needed a book from the Black Library they could still use it. This book-stealing business wasn't stealing at all: it was merely some kind of advanced borrowing. It didn't even occur to Hermione to pack the copies herself. The day of departure was, once again, hectic. Half of the house had abstained from even thinking about packing until the very last second. Now the house was adrift with flurries of hurried motions, throwing, and stuffing. Ronald seemed to have lost his wand for the fourth time this morning. Some of Ginny's sweaters still needed to be washed. Percy's Headboy badge seemed to mysteriously have undergone some kind of transitions. It was now vivid purple and orange, with bold green letters declaring 'whoever reads this is an idiot". Hermione, Fred and Goerge were holed up in their room, waiting out the pandemonium. Hermione threw her head back and laughed. She was sitting crosslegged on the train bench, opposite Lee and George. "No, really!" Lee exclaimed. "You shoud have seen his face!" And, trying to stiffle his laughter, he twisted his face into a mimic of a mesh between disgust and shock. This set Hermione off again. Her book was open on her lap, forgotten in the moment. Pretty Scottish scenery rushed by on her right, but she was focussed on the people in her compartment. "No, we use some kind of… umm, we call it a dishwasher, and it's a kind of box, about this high, and you put your dishes in there, and it washes them for you, kind of." Fred snorted. "Really. You expect me to believe muggles have a magic box for their dirty dishes?" "Well," Hermione said. "Kind of, yes." There was a beat of silence before the compartment dissolved in laughter. "And then," Fred snorted. "Then he asked her if she washed it! And guess what she said? Guess !" "Of course I did!" George chortled. "That's what she said!" Hermione was doubled over, tears in her eyes and stitches in her side. " No way, " she gasped. "You made that up! No way! " "Well, no, of course you don't. That's silly. But applying Theodare's third law of Transfiguration would amplify it, especially if you manage to work in a Xethe rune somewhere. It'd last at least five more days. And I genuinely think the Xethe rune will make the stink worse then anything you can imagine." Fred blinked. "Okay. We can try. I mean, the dragon painting can totally contain a… what was it again?" "A Xethe rune. It's shaped kind of like a really elaborate X, you know, with the little frrillies on the side. And a circle around it that touched all four of the frillies in a 90 degree angle. But you can mass copy that one." Fred, frowning, turned back to his paper. " I think we can probably draw, like, the head, but with the eyes in the frilly things, you see. Look, if you do that one over there, and then just shift them apart... like this ." He handed her the parchment. The horse-towed wagon bumped over something, and Fred's and Hermione's hands missed each other by inches. The sheet fluttered to the floor. Hermione bent to pick it up and scrutinised the painting, the ends of her necklace brushing over the parchment. "Yeah," she admitted. "That would totally work." Alright folks, that was it. Alrighty, summary: I've always found it strange that the locket they found in the summer before fifth year was somehow just forgotten by everyone involved: it was something none of them could open, and almost everyone tried, according to the books. So much magic interacting with a bit of soul: shouldn't it have interfered with anyone? In this story, it messes with Hermione.