for James and Lily's son." Roxanne stepped forward, carefully resting a hand on Harry's shoulder. "If you need or want anything all you have to do is write. Okay, Harry?" Harry couldn't believe his ears. He wasn't use to such kindness. He numbly nodded. She must have seen the conflict in his face and posture, since she gave him a small smile before standing back up to say goodbye to Daphne. Harry looked up to see Cyrus Greengrass was watching him closely. "You're going to be a great wizard, Harry." He then extended his hand. Harry shook the man's offered hand, not sure how to respond to the man's compliment so he remained silent. "Goodbye, Harry," said Astoria softly, from her mother's side. The youngest sister gave Harry a shy smile. "Come on, Harry, we should hurry," Daphne said, after pulling away from her father's hug. The two with the help of Cyrus were able to load both trunks and Hedwig's cage onto the train. The two gave one last wave goodbye before entering the train. "You don't have to sit with me if you don't want to," Harry commented, years of isolation and neglect at primary school came bubbling up. Daphne stopped in front of him, turning to face him with an incredulous look. "Why would I do that? Don't you want to be friends?" Friends? Harry thought unable to fight the grin that came to his face. He never had friends before because of his cousin, "Yeah, all right." Daphne smiled, the two first years continued to pull their trunks through the train. They received a few passing looks the further along the train they went but to Harry's relief no one seemed to recognize him. The two found a compartment near the back of the train. Daphne entered first, followed by Harry, they helped lift their trunks on the luggage racks before putting Hedwig's cage on the seat next to where Harry was going to sit. The then two Hogwarts students went to the window with Daphne opening it, she was obviously looking to wave goodbye to her family one final time before the train departed. Harry made himself comfortable by his window seat. Curiously peering out the window to see a plump red haired witch lecturing a pair of equally red headed boys whose heads were out the window, making faces to their younger sister who was holding onto her mother's hand. The young redhead girl was smiling but tears were freely coming down her face. Daphne called his name, grabbing his attention away from the family of red heads and further up the platform where he could see Daphne's parents and sister all smiling and waving at not just her but him. He waved back, unable to stop smiling, the train hissed smoke and bellowed one more whistle before its engines revved to life and carried the train out of the station with Harry and Daphne waving to her family until the platform was out of sight. Yes, life was finally getting good for Harry Potter. A/N: Thanks for clicking on this story and checking out the prologue. A few quick notes/thoughts before you chose to continue or not. This world, characters, story belong to J.K Rowlings and Scholastic books. They own it not me, I'm just having some fun exploring new ideas and appreciate the freedom they give us for allowing us to scratch our creative itch. Confession, I'm an American and therefore will struggle with British vernacular from time to time, So I apologize to my British readers, I do hope to have a 'Britpicker' at one point go through this story and clean it up, to make the appropriate changes and to give this story a more authentic read. One of the main inspirations for the Greengrass family and the root idea for this story was from a brief passage in the first book where Hagrid tells Harry that he wrote to his parents' friends to get pictures to form a photo album to give as a gift for Harry. At that, I was curious/excited to explore the possibility of that idea of one of those family friends to actually meet/recognize Harry before he starts his Hogwarts adventure and to give a different impact on the impressionable eleven year old. Warning: This story will stay close to canon in the beginning before slowly, but surely diverging from the books' storyline we're familiar with as the story progresses, but some plot elements will still remain, they'll just be handled differently when we reach them. Overall, I like to think this story has a similar feel to the books, but still remain unique in its approach/angle. When I have time I do try to make edits and changes to the chapters as I've grown as a writer since this story debuted, so many years ago. One of these edits is the changing of ' The Sorcerer's Stone, ' back to the 'the Philosopher's Stone,' the correct name. So I apologize for any confusion if you read it in one chapter as one name and a different name in another chapter. I'm trying to address this glaring error as quickly as I can That being said, I hope you enjoy this story, and if you do not, that's perfectly fine there's thousands of great stories on this site for this fandom and with wonderful diversity in plot, characters, pairings, etc. I think its great that such a vast array of likes and tastes can be catered to. So that the audience/readers can find the stories that they enjoy. If that's the case, thanks for giving this story a shot, you invested time in it, and I'm appreciative of that commitment. To those few who will end up continue to reading and maybe even lining this story, I'm thrilled to help provide a form of entertainment to you and humbled that you have taken the time to read this story and have actually enjoyed it. -Spectre4hire