it that you like to work?" "Oh yes great master Harry Potter sir," Dobby responded, "Elves live to work, but more, Elves WORK to LIVE. Elves must work or we start to fade away." "Merlin," Harry exclaimed, "what a situation. Ok Dobby, I reckon that if the chores that Vernon gives me, get done with almost no effort on my part, it will drive him up the wall. It may even give him a happy heart attack; the great fat tub of whale blubber. What I propose is that when he tells me what to do, I will snap my fingers and you, unseen of course, do the work. The quicker the better and by Magic if you can without the Ministry detecting it." Dobby's eyes lit up and he had the widest smile that Harry had ever seen. "Dobby has already enjoyed this summer with all the bits of work Dobby has been able to do for the great master Harry Potter sir and this will makes it better. Dobby is in awe of the great master Harry Potter sir's plan." "Jeez Dobby there is no need for the long title, just call me Harry." Harry pleaded. Dobby looked a bit dismayed, "Master Harry Potter sir?" he suggested. "Less." Harry said. "Master Harry sir?" Dobby was starting to look really distressed. "I would rather it be 'Harry Potter sir' if you are unable to bring yourself to reduce it any further Dobby." "Dobby will try Harry Potter sir." Dobby said with a sort of beaten look about him. "That's great Dobby. That makes me happier my friend." Harry said. Dobby's demeanour suddenly brightened. "If it makes Harry Potter sir happies then Dobby will do it." About half of the feast had been demolished much to Harry's surprise. "I am stuffed Dobby, will this food go to waste now?" "Oh no Harry Potter sir," Dobby answered, "Dobby will put it in stasis for later use." "I just thought," said Harry, "If I don't eat the Dursley's food then I don't need to cook for them. That will drive Aunt Petunia up the wall as she will have to cook instead." Both Harry and Dobby laughed at that. The rest of the summer passed much better for Harry and Dobby was ecstatic with all the work he was doing. Hedwig came and went as she wished. Harry had done a lot of reading of Wizarding Law books, books on the Wizengamot and a wide variety of other equally serious books. Harry also found that the more he read the faster he was able to read, now reading a book in a few hours instead of all day. He also thought and dreamed a lot of Hermione and strangely, Luna. He had nightmares of a snake faced, snot dribbling monster, but they didn't last long, his dreams of Hermione and Luna dispelled them. Because of the reading and the deep thoughts that Harry had been able to do due to ' The Dobby Effect' he had decided on several courses of action but would no be able to initiate any until he had a chance to talk to Hermione and Luna. Harry still could not understand why his mind kept including Luna in his thoughts and decisions. Vernon, as Harry had surmised was constantly angry and even tried to punch Harry once. Dobby prevented that happening with a Magical barrier that stopped Vernon's fist as though he had hit the wall, with the same amount of pain. He didn't try that again. Vernon didn't have the hoped for heart attack but Harry thought it came close a few times. Petunia was as predicted beside herself with frustration. The night before Harry was returning to Hogwarts he called Dobby. "Dobby, you have made this summer the best I have ever had my friend. I will be packing now to be ready for tomorrow." Dobby clicked his fingers and all Harry's stuff was sorted, folded and packed in his trunk. "Dobby will bring Harry Potter sir breakfast at 7:30 and after breakfast Dobby will clean up and take Harry Potter sir's trunk to Hogwarts so that Harry Potter sir doesn't have to carry it." "Dobby, you are a most incredible friend. Thank you so much for this summer." Harry said with tears in his eyes. "Dobby will bring breakfast and if Harry Potter sir wishes, will join Harry Potter sir for the meal before returning to Hogwarts." Dobby said with a slightly sad tone. "Harry Potter sir wishes Dobby, the most extraordinary house Elf, to join him for breakfast." and he hugged the little Elf. They hugged for a few minutes patting each others back with affection. They did just that, but Dobby dropped Harry off at Platform 9¾ at 10:30 before popping to Hogwarts with Harry's trunk. Hedwig just took off in the general direction of Hogwarts after nibbling Harry's ear affectionately in the way of 'farewell, see you there.' - # - - The end; of this story, continued in Year 5. - # - - A/N. I know that this chapter covered a lot of time but it is far too short to split into two chapters. Indeed all the chapters in this story are on the short side, but seeing as I was not intending to post the story until I had finished it, the shortness of the chapters became irrelevant. Chapter 9. Continuation Note. This story was/is meant to give some grounding for Harry's Fifth year but I got a little carried away, I hope you liked it. My story regarding Harry's fifth year is about half finished and already twice the size of this one, I will post it when I know I can complete it. WARNING. The fifth year story contains a lot of explicit sex, incest, blood and gore; Dumbledore, Ron Weasley and Snape bashing. If you are under 18 years old, this is the end of the story for you, do not read Year 5.