always hoped his marriage would go when he eventually settled down, but he'd just turned fourteen like three hours ago. There was no way in hell he was ready to settle down with somebody, never mind the bit about him becoming a father! Taking Harry's head shake as a prompting to continue, Bell did just that. " Your other option is the exact opposite. Instead of developing an exclusive life-long relationship with one woman, you would be driven to spread your seed amongst a large number of partners." Harry's eyes widened in surprise, but Bell had closed her own ink-black orbs and tilted her chin up at some point in her monologue, seeming to be reciting the information from memory. " This is the choice most Choicelings go with, as if they ever do then develop feelings for a particular partner they could then choose the other set of instincts at the next yearly Choice and settle down with their chosen." Harry would have rolled his eyes at how many times Bell had said some rendition of the word Choice in that sentence, but was too busy listening to bother. " If you did decide to go this route, you would be driven to attempt insemination at least once per day." Harry frowned at the strange word, but Bell was quick to clarify. Harry was suddenly reminded of how lewd the little fairy was when he noticed how her hips seemed to be rocking forward ever so slightly, humping the air in absentminded lust. " What that means, Master, is that at least once a day you would need to stuff your stiff prick deep inside of some slut's cunt and blast her full of your hot cum." Harry's cock gave a jump at Bell's sudden vulgarity, and he couldn't help but think that maybe there was more to his Smallguide's personality than just a helpful disposition. As Harry watched Bell's eyes become lidded and her small chest start to heave from her panting, he realized that before he allowed himself to become completely distracted that he had more to learn. " Can you explain more, Bell? Like, what happens if I don't have sex or how I'm even supposed to have that much sex in the first place? And like, how would I be 'driven' to get with a bunch of girls. Would I even be able to choose my partners?" As Harry's voice began to grow distressed, Bell snapped back to the present and shook her head, before clarifying for her master. " If you were to choose to live with your altered human instincts, which I would strongly recommend until you find somebody you would want to spend the rest of your life with, this is how you would be affected. As I said, you would NEED to ejaculate inside of a fertile female at least once per day, although you will be free to use whatever form of contraception you wish. A spell would be best. If you failed to do so, you would quickly notice increasingly painful headaches and nose bleeds; your body's natural reaction to not getting what it needs. As to how you would have enough sex to satiate your natural needs, seduction is the answer. Whenever you come within somewhat close proximity of a fertile female, you will notice that her fantasies and desires become available for you to learn. Trust me, despite the rarity of situations in which your ancestors used their seductive talents on humans, their abilities have not been exaggerated at all. Charming your way into enough skirts to keep healthy will be a complete non-issue. As for your other concerns, you really don't need to worry. This isn't a curse, Master. You are a special type of incubus, and sex will become a large part of your life, but it need not ruin it. Your partners are yours to choose, and how you deal with them is also up to you. While the quantity of sex you need will be increased, the quality and specialness of the connections you'll share with your lovers is up to you. You could easily just use your partners as a means to satisfy your carnal cravings, or you could treat each of them with care and respect. It is entirely up to you. Also, like I said earlier, you don't need to make any kind of decision right now. I will ask you for your choice in fourteen days, and you will have my complete support no matter your decision." Harry, despite being deep in thought, felt somewhat comforted by the support his unexpected companion was showing him. He spent the rest of the night and most of the morning talking with Bell, exploring his options and learning more about both the blue-haired fairy and himself. Harry was shaken from his memories when Bell flew forward and tenderly placed one of her tiny hands up against his cheek. Despite the importance of the decision he was about to make, Harry felt very little anxiety in the darkness of his small bedroom. He and Bell had become very close in the last two weeks, and as he enjoyed the feeling of her dainty hand's warmth on his cheek, Harry came to a decision. "I'm going to follow my human instincts for the year, Bell. What do I have to do?" Author's Note: Ah, a cliffhanger on the first chapter? WTF? Haha, you guys will just have to check back again! I'll have the next chapter served up and grilled to perfection in no time. If you could get through this chapter with only the tiny amount of smuttiness I wrote in, then you're in for a treat from now on. I've got my account on FFN for my regular stories, account name BlakeM.D, but decided to come here to unleash my more adult ideas. From now on, expect lots of sex sex sex, and don't forget to review if you enjoyed! Peace out!