to himself and focused on talking with Pansy, Theo and Blaise, appearing to ignore the person under the invisibility cloak on the luggage shelf. The train pulled up to the Hogwarts station and Draco allowed everyone else to get off, knowing that this would be his only chance to really confirm who had been spying on him. Pansy looked back at him as he sat in his seat, waiting for him to join her. "You three go on," he ordered quietly. "I want to check something." They obeyed and he was left alone on the cart. He pulled his bag off of the shelf and then went to the door after the last person had left and shut it, pulling down the blind. He slowly reached for his wand that was in his right pocket. "Didn't mummy ever tell you it was rude to eavesdrop, Potter?" he growled and then turned quickly, aiming his wand at where his bag was and shouting, "Petrificus Totalus!" The light shot out of his wand and collided with the invisible body, throwing it to the floor. Draco smirked and walked towards it, able to see the outline of Potter now that he was staring. He pulled the cloak back to reveal that his accusations were correct. Harry Potter lay immobilized on the floor of the train car. "Oh yeah, she was dead before you could wipe the drool off your chin," he snarled and then lifted his foot to connect his boot with Potter's face. "That's for my father," he said, picking up the cloak to drape it back over his body. "Enjoy your ride back to London," he covered Potter with the cloak again and made his way off the train, unable to contain his stupid smirk on his face. He loved messing with Potter and now, maybe he wouldn't have to deal with his irritating face every day in school. "Has anybody seen Harry?" Hermione asked as they all sat in the Great Hall for supper. The Sorting Ceremony had just ended and the feast had just begun and Anna sat across from Hermione, in between Ginny and Neville. "I haven't seen him since the train," Anna told her with a sympathetic smile. "Don't worry," Ron said with a mouthful of food. "I'm sure he's fine." Hermione glared at him and Anna couldn't help but smirk at her friend's face. She watched Hermione lift her textbook and start hitting Ron on the arm with it. "Will you stop eating?" she said with disgust. "Your best friend is missing." "Turn around, ya lunatic," Ron asked, staring at her in disbelief. Anna followed Ron's gaze to see Harry walking into the Great Hall with Luna, wiping his nose with a cloth. "He's covered in blood again," Ginny observed. "Why is it he's always covered in blood?" she asked, looking at Anna who just shrugged. "Looks like it's his own this time," Ron said. Harry approached the table and sat down next to Ginny. "Where have you been?" Hermione hissed. "And what happened you your face?" "Later," Harry dismissed, wiping away the blood again. "What have I missed?" Ron rolled his eyes. "The Sorting Hat told us to be brave and strong in this troubled times. It's a hat isn't it? What does he know?" Nobody answered him and Ginny helped Harry wipe away the blood on his face. Anna couldn't help but roll her eyes. She wished they would just hook up already. Everyone knew that they liked each other. Hell, Ginny had been in love with Harry since they were kids. But they were both to stubborn and scared to admit it to each other. Anna couldn't really say anything though. She'd had a thing for Michael Corner, a sixth year in Ravenclaw, for a while now but he didn't even know she existed. Michael was sweet and trustworthy and one of the most handsome boys in school. He was in the DA last year with them and she'd gotten to talk to him a bit but he didn't seem to be interested in her. Aside from her schoolgirl crush on Michael, Anna had never had a boyfriend. Not that she wanted one, she was okay with being single. She wasn't ugly but she knew that she wasn't stunning like Angelina Johnson, who was known around the school for her beauty. No, Anna had long, mousy brown hair that she had trouble containing most days and a small frame. Her curves had come on unexpectedly when she was thirteen and she did her best to hide her body with her school robes and then wearing just jeans and t-shirts or jumpers. Her eyes were an ugly green, like her father's and she hated them, thinking they almost looked like puke. Why couldn't she have blue eyes like her mother? Or even brown – she would have settled for brown. She sighed to herself and listened to Dumbledore's speech on bravery and how this school year would be a difficult one with You-Know-Who returning. He introduced the new potions professor – Horace Slughorn and announced that Snape would finally be taking over Defense Against the Dark Arts, the position he'd been wanting since before they even came to Hogwarts. He told the story of Tom Riddle and how he would go on to become to most fearful wizard in the world. It was all very eerie to Anna and she really just wished she could go back to her dormitory and sleep. She was exhausted and Dumbledore's speech was scaring her. As if reading her mind, Dumbledore dismissed them and they all headed up to their respected dorms. As she filed out of the Great Hall, she couldn't help but look back at the Slytherin table to see Malfoy sitting there, seeming to be completely focused on something else. It was only when his cold gaze met hers that she turned away quickly, averting her eyes and following Ginny up to the Gryffindor Towers.