due to arrive that evening. They did have a laugh, however, over the Dursleys' fear of being turned into dung beetles ('Blast-Ended Skrewts might have been a better choice, mate,' said Ron), and imagining the giant form of Dudley running away as Harry muttered nonsense under his breath. 'They really have no clue about magic, do they?' whispered Parvati. 'Not in the least,' replied Harry, still grinning. ' More than anything else at Hogwarts, more even than playing Quidditch, Harry missed his best friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger.' 'What?' 'Even more than playing Quidditch?' 'It's a scandal!' 'An outrage!' 'A disgrace!' 'Such dishonour!' Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny rolled their eyes at the twins' antics, who apparently couldn't stomach the fact that he, Harry, had missed his friends more than playing Quidditch. Thankfully, it was stopped by Angelina and Alicia bumping the twins' heads together, causing them to go 'Ow!' ' They, however, didn't seem to be missing him at all. Neither of them had written to him all summer, even though Ron had said he was going to ask Harry to come and stay.' 'That would be Dobby's doing,' murmured Harry as he remembered. 'Who's Dobby?' asked Neville. 'You'll see,' was Harry's cryptic response. ' He'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy, Draco Malfoy –' 'You're not serious,' said Ron, a horrified look on his face. It was mirrored by Fred, George, and Ginny, while Hermione looked a little shocked herself. 'I'm not proud of it,' said Harry hurriedly. The description of Voldemort caused a few jitters among the students, and more than a few sympathetic glances came his way at the fact that he had still had nightmares about Voldemort. ' He had been staring absent-mindedly into the hedge – and the hedge was staring back .' 'That's odd,' interrupted Flitwick in his chirpy voice. 'Hedges don't normally stare back.' 'Apparently, this one does, Filius,' said Dumbledore, staring down at the book. 'That's Dobby too,' said Harry quietly. 'Who?' asked Parvati. 'You'll see,' said Harry, again. They all got a good laugh out of Dudley's terrified reaction to Harry's obviously fake spells at setting the hedge on fire, but most of them could hardly disguise their outrage at the punishment doled out by his Aunt Petunia. 'I have never seen a more atrocious woman in my life,' declared Sprout with a look of disgust. 'Which woman would want to hit their nephew with a frying pan?' Snape pursed his lips, but did not offer a comment: he had, of course, suffered far worse at the hands of his father while he had been growing up. Getting hit by a frying pan seemed like a normal thing compared to what he had been through. 'I hope you're making a note of this, Amelia,' said McGonagall coolly. 'Of course, Minerva,' said Madam Bones. 'I'll add this to the arrest warrant for the Dursleys, after a formal review.' McGonagall nodded. ' Harry knew he shouldn't have risen to Dudley's bait, but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been thinking himself…maybe he didn't have any friends at Hogwarts…' Each of his friends turned to look at him, with expressions of mingled sympathy and guilt: the former for hearing about such thoughts from Harry, and the latter for being partly responsible for Harry to be feeling that way. Hermione, in particular, looked as though she was on the verge of tears. 'You'll always have friends here, Harry,' said Ginny quietly, and squeezed his hand. 'And don't you forget it,' said Neville firmly. Harry gazed into each of his friends' faces, and could not help but grin at them in return. His twelve-year-old self had been naïve and…over-dramatic, for lack of a better word, to think that he would be without his friends at all. Granted, he had had his spats with Hermione and Ron over the last two years, but it had worked out in the end. And he knew – he just knew – that they would always be with him. It made him feel rather happy – something he hadn't felt in a really long time that year. The chapter finished off rather quickly after that – there were only a few paragraphs left anyway. ' Harry crossed to his bedroom on tiptoe, slipped inside, closed the door and turned to collapse on his bed. The trouble was, there was already someone sitting on it.' Dumbledore shut the book and looked up at the sea of students in front of him. 'Well? Who was on it?' asked Snape impatiently. 'I have no idea,' replied Dumbledore serenely. 'The chapter ended with those words.' Harry almost laughed out loud at Dumbledore's response, and Snape's return glare at the old wizard. Dumbledore, of course, knew exactly who the uninvited guest was – Dobby the house-elf. Harry didn't recall mentioning it to Dumbledore earlier, but it was a moot point nonetheless. 'Oh, I can't wait for the next chapter,' said Ron almost gleefully. 'What about it?' asked Hermione. 'Malfoy's reaction,' said Ron, sniggering as he said so. 'Dobby was his, wasn't he?' Harry cottoned on, and chuckled along with Ron, while Hermione stared at the two of them in fond exasperation. 'I believe you are next, Minerva?' asked Dumbledore, handing out the book to the Headmistress. McGonagall nodded, flipped open the book to the right page, and began to read. Author's Notes: First off, I'd like to thank White Squirrel for graciously allowing me to continue his story of A Dramatic Reading in the form of a sequel. I couldn't have done it without his help, and his permission too. Another round of thanks to him for beta-reading this chapter as well! This particular instalment will certainly cover the reading of Book 2 by the characters; as you can see, Harry feels a public reading of these books is in order, as opposed to a private one by the DMLE. Whether this includes Book 3 or not…well, we'll see.