She scowled as she thought of the greatest horror that could happen to someone. "It was taken back. Now according to a letter from the ministry it said, I'll have a disciplinary hearing on the 12th of August, for using a Patronus Charm in the presence of a Muggle, therefore, breaking the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery and the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy." Harry quoted snidely as his face twisted in a scowl. "Wow, Harry, did you just quote the letter?" Hermione asked her friend, because most of the time he couldn't do that with notes from class. Harry sent a grin back at her, "Yes, I kind of read the letter several times to make sure I truly believed what they were saying. I heard even Dumbledore thinks they are stretching it a bit." "It shouldn't be too bad. Once you explain what happened, they'll have to side with you mate." Fred said, standing behind Hermione. "I would think that you'd be more worried Harry," Hermione questioned him, truly trying to suss out if he was trying to hide if he was scared or not. Harry shrugged his shoulders, "Mr. Weasley said not to worry too much since I'm still underage and it'll only be a few members that will question me about what happened." Harry walked off as he started to talk to Ron about Quidditch. Hermione stood silently biting her lip watching the boys and Ginny walk away. "What's the matter Granger?" Fred asked seeing how troubled she looked. "I have a bad feeling about all of this, especially with Harry not seeming too concerned. Something's not right…" Hermione looked up at Fred and George looking for confirmation about her concerns. George reached out and fluffed her hair, "Don't you worry your pretty little head about it with all of that hair." "Well, someone needs too." Hermione said in a huff as she swatted his hand away, and left the twins heading towards the kitchen. "That one is always way too intense," George said as he smacked his brother on the back. "Come on, it's lunch time." Fred stood alone thinking about everything that had just happened. Maybe Hermione was right. It was an oddity for the Dementors to be straying that far from Azkaban. Why wasn't Harry more concerned? "Fred come to lunch," he heard his mum yelling from the kitchen. Fred shrugged his shoulders deciding he'd talk about this more with Hermione later. Most of the time she was right, even if it drove the rest of them a bit crazy. The kitchen at Grimauld Place filled up with Weasleys, one Granger, one Black, and a Potter. The conversation was lively as they were all excited about the new school year and the upcoming trip to Diagon Alley. No one really noticed much that Fred wasn't his talkative self. He was too busy watching one, bushy-haired fifth year, who suddenly wouldn't leave his mind, no matter how hard he tried. His eyes also locked onto the fact that Ron and Harry sandwiched the girl protectively between them. He'd seen this exact same thing for several years now. Today though, he found himself bothered and distracted by where Hermione was sitting. Fred was questioning why this fact was troubling him so much. Hermione was rolling her eyes at something Ron had just said. He wondered what his younger brother had said wrong now. He never knew what to say around girls, especially Hermione. All he managed to do was make her irritated more often than not. Sitting next to her was Harry, with a red face, pinched lips and a glare that could rival one from Severus Snape. Harry's nonchalant mood had quickly turned into a very bad one. No one knew how to bring him out of his bad mood. Maybe it was because of Hermione pestering him about the Dementors and his upcoming hearing. Now Harry looked like he wanted to be anywhere but sitting by the overbearing friend who was digging for some answers. Ginny sat by Harry's other side trying to get his attention and was basically being ignored by the young man. What a funny thing he was observing right now. George elbowed Fred and whispered to him, "We have our pick of victims to irritate over there. It's now or never before we head back to Hogwarts. " He nodded to Ron, Harry, and Hermione. Fred's eyes lit up as he also observed what was happening on the other side of the table. Their mum was still busy finishing up the main course with her back to them. It would be the perfect time to test one of their new products on people who were caught up in their own drama. It was almost too easy. "I guess it's testing time. Better to try this out on siblings and friends instead of Hogwarts students." Even as Fred said the words, his stomach rolled with anxiety at what they were about to do. They had a plan in place to get away from their mum if things went belly up. As the trio of friends was arguing about something nonsensical, George reached across and sprinkled something onto each of their plates of food. Ginny had dropped her spoon on the floor, and with her head under the table had missed what her brothers had done. The twins sat back to watch the mayhem begin. Trying not to stare across the table and draw attention to themselves, they dug into their food. You will find out in the next chapter exactly what the twins did to our trio of friends. I hope you like this new story and will follow it. It's my second story with one of the twins I'm really excited about writing it! Please let me know what you think. Have you read Fredmione before? I'm really starting to like several that I've read lately which gave me the bug to start writing this one.