than a passing thought was because the notion of someone, anyone wanting to talk to him seemed almost just as absurd. He tried to look for other ways to interpret the words relating to magic, as if it was a code, but failed to find any sort of reasonable meaning in them. What if wizard referred to a member of some sort of weird cult? Harry didn't know much about cults, in fact he wasn't quite sure what a cult really did, but he had heard Uncle Vernon talk about them disdainfully many times. Maybe his parents were part of a cult. That would explain why the Dursleys hated them, and Harry as well. Now that he thought about it, it didn't really make sense that his parents died in a car accident and Harry somehow survived without a single injury save for a scar, did it? What if something relating to this cult explained...no, nothing quite explained it. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY UNIFORM First-year students will require: 1. Three sets of plain work robes (black) 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) This was harder to explain away as being part of a cult. The list went on about books and equipments a wizard should have. It seemed far too specific to be a metaphor. The possibilities remaining were simple, though hard to test. The letter could be a prank, it could be a code, or it could be taken at face value. It didn't seem like a prank. It seemed too carefully planned to have been one. The Dursleys would never waste that much time to make his life miserable, and Harry couldn't imagine anyone he knew(mostly because he didn't know anyone) playing a prank on him. Harry included the chance that someone was simply insane and believed to be telling the truth. He didn't know much about what made a crazy person crazy, so he skipped that option as he did not having enough data to form a theory on it. It didn't seem like a secret code, although a code that doesn't look like a code is what every secret code should aim to be like. The only problem is that if it was written in code, then Harry should have been able to understand it without any help, which he certainly couldn't. If he needed help from the Dursleys, then there was no reason to send a letter hidden in a code. The main reason one would use a secret code when writing a letter to him would be to get it past the Dursleys. No, it did not make sense either. Then Harry was left with the ridiculous option that the letter should be taken at face value. Maybe he really was a wizard. Holmes usually expressed disbelief toward the supernatural, but he had once said very clearly that if all options were exhausted, then it was logical to accept the supernatural explanation. The tricky thing, Harry thought, would be to find out when he had exhausted all other options. When would he have known that he had exhausted all that was impossible, leaving him with the improbable answer? Picking up a broken pencil, Harry wrote out a quick response on the envelope. Dear Professor McGonagall, I would be happy to be part of the school, but I frankly have never heard anything about wizards. Could you please explain the subject in a bit more detail to me? -Harry Potter It seemed extremely silly once he read it, but he couldn't quite discount the thought just yet. The feeling of adventure overwhelmed his sense of rationality―something Holmes frowned upon, but that Harry hadn't been able to quite master yet. This was his first real adventure. It would take a lot more practice before being able to master his excitement. Without thinking, without even breathing, Harry sneaked out of his cupboard. What time was it? Three in the morning? It didn't matter. He turned the doorknob, trying to be as silent as possible. Then, he stepped outside the house. What was he supposed to do now? Send the letter by mail? That sounded awfully unlikely. If magic existed, then they surely had a way to communicate outside of normal mail. They should even know that Harry was ready to answer their letter. They awaited his owl. What did that even mean?' "Is owl code for something?" Harry asked himself. At that moment, an owl came crashing down the skies and landed just on top of the Dursleys mail box. Harry's first reaction was to look back to make sure that hadn't woken up any of them. His second reaction was to turn his head sideways, much like the owl did, then, sarcastically, "Well, of course. When they said owl, they meant an owl." The owl took off without warning. There were many conclusions he could draw from what had just happened, but Harry didn't allow himself to draw any of them. There wasn't enough information yet. And he wouldn't commit a capital mistake. Still, what mattered the most to him wasn't the possibility that something completely unreasonable was happening in front of him. If his perception of reality was wrong, then he would just have to change it. No, what kept him smiling as he went back to the cupboard inside the room was something far less rational, far less logical. Harry just thought that regardless of how this turned out, regardless of whether it was the work of a crazy person or if magic really existed, he would soon experience the adventure of a lifetime. Just for clarification in case anyone is wondering - no, the story won't become a crossover at any point. The story is just about Harry being influenced by the book series, partially inspired by a famous Ellery Queen essay where he described the impact reading the Sherlock Holmes canon had on him as a person.