and safe, and that your brother only lost a finger," Harry looks at the scattered scraps of clothing, "But we need to get you some more clothes, before you fold back into a girl, or a boy." " I can do that ?" she asks. "Of course." 18 November 1985: Calvin and Hobbes debuts in 35 U.S. Newspapers The Contras break and run at the first sight of Olmayra, feathered crest raised, wings cocked, as she stoops out of the sun. " I don't even get that much respect," Lessa says, Ramoth-shaped. " You are not a feathered serpent." 24 December 1985: David Lewis Rice murders civil rights attorney Charles Goldmark, his wife, and two children on suspicion of being Jewish communists. A tall, well, taller than human form Harry, blonde girl smiles down at him, the faint coolness of Between wafting off her, "It is time, Angharad Potter, for the Assassin's Guild to, with the aid of the League of Dragons, retake our home Fortress of Alamut." Harry turns fully to the girl, "And you are?" The girl's smile turns into a grin, "Luna Lovegood," she takes three steps back, and unfolds into a tiny, for a dragon, white dragon, "Or you can call me Ruth." "It is nice to meet another dragon, but why are you here?" Harry asks her. She folds back into human shape, and Harry is a little envious to note that she not only is still a girl, not only didn't shred her clothes, but is wearing them when she folds back, "I need to save my mother in a couple years, so I need to learn how to fight. You, the guild, and taking Alamut, will teach me what I need to know." 27 December 1985: Abu Nidal terrorists shoot up the airports in Rome and Vienna, killing 18 and injuring 120 Luna plops down on one of the dayroom couches, and snatches Lessa off her feet, pulling the slighter girl into her lap. Lessa stiffens, squirms a moment, then relaxes, leaning into Luna's hug. 27 December 1985: Dian Fossey found murdered in Rwanda "I know her," Olmayra starts in Spanish, "Well, know of her, anyway," she reads the newspaper article, "Why did they kill her?" "Because she was saying that the gorillas should be protected, and interfering with the poachers way of life." "But the poachers are wrong! Even if killing the gorillas to make ashtrays is a valid way to live, they'll run out of gorillas to catch if they don't cut back a lot." "Yeah, but the ones catching gorillas don't make much money off of it, and the ones further up the chain don't care. There is no way to end poaching without killing a lot of poachers and lifting pretty much all of Africa out of poverty." "How can I do that?" "I don't know." "Then lets save her, and ask if she's got any ideas," Olmayra looks at the paper, "Time it back a week, or two?" "Two," Lessa nods, "Ten soldiers each." HP&aWNB Baboons, Ramoth decides, taste just like monkeys, which makes sense, because they are monkeys, just a bit bigger and meaner. She and Olmayra were taking turns hunting for their little raiding party, more a defending party, unfortunately. They still didn't know exactly who attacked Fossey, and it's Christmas. Karisoke is having a party, and happy noises drift out of the research camp. Olmayra's squad will have watch over Fossey tonight, but it is entirely possible nothing will happen until tomorrow night. HP&aWNB Gunfire wakes Lessa from her light doze, and she unfolds as she drops out of the tree. "What's going on?" Sargento de Secunda Gutierez yells back, "Four men, drunk, two with pistols and all with machetes. They're down, the gunmen are dead, but the survivors are incoherent." " Maybe they don't speak Spanish?" "That could be, too." Ramoth slips behind some trees, because she is not sure if her clothes survived her half-asleep unfolding. HP&aWNB Dian Fossey is quite grumpy to be woken up in the middle of the night by gunfire, "You've been watching me for two weeks?" "Yes," Lessa says, "The newspaper article didn't say much more than that you had been killed, and your body found later this morning," she shrugs, "It seemed easier to drop in a bit early." "Why?" "Because your work is important. Because we could. Because Olmayra asked me to help her end poaching in Africa." "And how do you think you're going to do that?" "We can kill a lot of poachers, but until we end poverty in Africa we'll keep having lots of new ones." "Here, they need land, and some more livestock, and the poorest will be doing OK," Fossey looks deeper into the mountains, "In Uganda, they need to stop killing each other." Olmayra pokes Lessa in the side, "Translate." Lessa recaps. "Tell her we can provide soldiers, and some money, but we need local support, the mothers and grandmothers, to tell us what they need." At the end of 1985, Olmayra is 13, Luna is 13, and Harry/Lessa is 11 Log: Early May 2017: Reading too many Harry Potter fanfic, and thinking about how one cannot, canonically, be a magical creature animagus. Pernese Dragons are non- magical . . . Mid May 2017: Thinking about other books that would influence things, checked out a copy of The Blue Sword and Dragonriders of Pern 17 May 2017: Realized that, while the Harry Potter books are firmly removed from muggle time, this story isn't. It's all about what Harry's saving people thing would look like if it got Harry's full support. Hit up wikipedia for more historical context. 27 May 2017: Realized that, after chopping anything Harry wouldn't be paying attention to, that Olmayra's paying forward, and is interested in all of the disasters . . . 5 June 2017: More. 16 June 2017: More. 18 June 2017: More. Finished 1985 first draft. 28 June 2017: Played with formatting. Tiny edits.