good conscience allow a werewolf out of doors at the full moon, not even with Wolfsbane Potion." Serena's breathing came harshly through her nostrils. She managed a tight nod. As gently as she was able, Minerva said, "I cannot pretend to know what the experience is like. But I do know that with the potion, her mind will not be transformed, as it otherwise would be. In her mind, she will still be a girl passing a night much like any other. One of our teachers can keep her company, reading to her or telling her stories. Or she can simply sleep if she wishes." Serena had regained her control now and said, "I will discuss this with River. If it's a sacrifice she's willing to make, giving up her freedom at the full moons in exchange for the benefits of education, then that is her choice to make and I will not forbid it." Minerva nodded in acknowledgement. There was another uncomfortable point to be touched on, and she began delicately. "If River indeed decides to attend Hogwarts, I think it would be best, at first, that she not tell anyone of her lycanthropy. Prejudice has decreased since the war, and I wish I could say it had vanished completely, but society is slow to change. It need not be a secret forever. But it might be wise at first, until she's found her footing at school and has decided who she feels she can trust, that she be circumspect." She looked at Serena to see how she took this, and was glad that she did not seem offended by the suggestion. "I agree," Serena said, with another polite dip of her head. "People can be unkind, and there is no need to hand them a reason. I will speak with River." "There are a few other minor considerations," Minerva added. "Each student must procure certain supplies before arriving at Hogwarts, books and robes and such. There's a small fund that can cover the costs, if necessary, but River will still need to travel to Diagon Alley in person, especially in order to select a wand." "Diagon Alley," Serena said softly, her rigid posture loosening. She seemed to grow smaller in her chair, as though she were retreating back into a younger version of herself. "Yes, I remember it." Minerva opened the drawer of her desk where this year's Hogwarts Letter waited, ready to be subjected to a manifold duplication charm and sent out to all magical children in the British Isles now turned eleven. Would the charm that sped the letters on their way have allowed one to find River, despite her lack of permanent address and a life spent learning werewolf, rather than wizard, magic? It ought to do so, yet the fact that no other werewolf child had turned up at Hogwarts in all these years suggested that it didn't. Minerva added a note to her mental file to investigate how one might go about adjusting the ancient spell to seek out werewolf children as well. For now, Minerva made a quick, single copy of the letter and the supplies list and handed them to Serena, who accepted both with a quick bowing of her head. Serena's eyes scanned down the list, and she nodded slightly at each item. "Yes," she said. "I understand. I think we will be able to find these things." "Oh, no, you needn't do it alone," Minerva interjected hurriedly. "Someone from the school can accompany you when you go to Diagon Alley. That's what we do for Muggle-born children, and there's no reason we couldn't do the same for River. I'll send Hagrid to assist you, perhaps, or –" And then Minerva had a marvellous idea. "No," she said slowly. "Not Hagrid, I don't think, nor anyone else from the school. But I know just the person you should meet." . . Note: (A little more backstory for anyone who wants it; fine to skip it if you don't!) You'll know the full backstory if you've read "Raise Your Lantern High," but if you haven't I think you can get by with knowing: –In my imagining of HBP, the werewolves that Remus lived with were not aligned with Greyback; rather, they were a fiercely independent pack toughing it out in the wilds of the Scottish moorland, led by a strict but fair-minded Alpha who maintained staunch neutrality, wanting nothing to do with the "wizards' war." That position proved untenable, though, and growing tensions within the pack led to a split, with some defecting to join Greyback's pack, but the remaining members establishing mutual loyalty with Remus, Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix. (In my personal headcanon, some of these werewolves may have joined in the final battle against Voldemort at Hogwarts!) –Over the course of his year with the pack, Remus (who was given the werewolf name Quiet) formed a strong friendship with Serena (werewolf name: Trouble) and Joy (werewolf name: River; actually the daughter of Serena's sister, but Serena adopted River after Greyback killed River's mother and turned River into a werewolf). Embittered by the cruelty she experienced at the hands of wizards – including her own family – Serena wanted nothing to do with wizarding life, preferring the rich cultural history and strong bonds of interdependence among the werewolves, despite their life of adversity outside the bounds of wizarding society. Several times during his year with the pack, Remus broached the possibility of sending River to Hogwarts when she was old enough, so she could have a formal magical education as well as learning the oral traditions of the pack, but Serena would have none of it. Still, when he took his leave from the pack at the end of "Raise Your Lantern High," Remus gave Serena a letter, addressed from him to Headmistress McGonagall, expressing support for River's admission to Hogwarts, in case Serena ever changed her mind. . (to be continued – four chapters in all)