of sheeple." "With a few wolves thrown in to thin out the herd," Bloodstone added in. "Or to lead the herd to go in the direction the wolves want," Harry said. "There are killing wolves and then there are controlling wolves. I plan to be the fox that steals all the wool and leave behind all the baaing sheeple for the wolves to deal with." Bloodstone blinked a couple time as he was clued in to Harry's goal. "Of course if a shepherd would appear and help the poor sheeple in their time of need…" "I'm sure they would grant the shepherd anything they wanted like a seat on the Wizengamot. Of course the shepherd would have to step in before the wolves gained control again," Harry supplied. "Yes, of course. Timing is everything in matters such as this," Bloodstone agreed thoughtfully. It was then that the goblin returned with the Potter's will in hand. Bloodstone took the will and then handed it over to Harry, unopened. Harry opened the will and read it quickly. "Just as I suspected. I was never meant to go to the Dursley's," Harry handed the will over for Bloodstone to read. "My parents wisely listed in their will who was their secret keeper along with a list of people that I am to be placed with in the event that Sirius was unable to take me." Bloodstone read over the will. "No, not surprising at all. We here at Gringotts have often questioned things that Dumbledore has forced through the Wizengamot." Harry nodded his head, his brow furrowed in thought. "So it appears that I have to pull the teeth from two wolves instead of one. I had been so hoping that Dumbledore had not been informed of the change in time for my trial but it appears he wanted me to be the sacrificial sheeple." "How do you plan on pulling the teeth from the wolves?" Bloodstone asked. "Pulling Voldemort's teeth is actually going to be fairly easy and undoubtedly very profitable since he has already given me the key to do so," Harry admitted. "When I started looking into the Ministry laws after my third year, I requested some books on the subjects from the bookstore here in Diagon. I got six books, most of which were fairly new having been written sometime during this century. But one was rather old and had a very interesting dog-eared page along with a smudge of strawberry jam." "Strawberry jam?" Bloodstone was confused. Harry smiled. "Yes. Nothing malicious I assure you. I believe that someone had read the book while eating a sandwich and left part of their meal behind on the cover page. Somehow the book remained in the store's inventory until I sent a blanket request for all types of law books. I'm sure someone smiled at the chance to get rid of that jam-smeared book and get full value for it." "That's terrible! You paid full value for a damaged article?" "I did, and even though that jam is spelled to not come off, it was worth every knut I paid. Especially when I cross-referenced it with the other books and found that none of them made mention of it, nor of its contents." "Might I know the title of this book?" Bloodstone was curious. "Conquering Made E-Z," Harry replied. He saw the confusion on Account Manager Bloodstone's face. "The book title is not what it all appears to be. It was the dog-eared page that was important. It was my reading of 'Chapter 5: The Legalities of Conquering' that changed my life." Bloodstone considered what he knew of the wand-users now and what he knew about them centuries ago. He queried, "When was the book written?" "About 425 years ago. The preservation charm on it was still intact." Bloodstone contemplated an ancient tome like that and his smile grew from a soft one the wand users were used to, to that of a warrior looking for a kill. "Fortuitous luck on that, Mr. Potter. Will you be using these legalities for all the wolves?" "Not all. As for Dumbledore… I can only hope that when we test to see if I'm the heir to any other accounts, we find his downfall." Bloodstone's furious grin showed no signs of stopping. "Perhaps you'll care to tell me how you plan to pull the Dark Lord's teeth while we wait from someone from the inheritance department to arrive." "That would be my pleasure," Harry replied. While account owner and account manager conversed, many notes were taken, plans revised, and additional tests were run based on observations as well as just plain common sense. The same common sense that many Wizards and Witches were bereft of. -o0o- Negotiations done and plans in place, Harry purchased a black stocking cap with a West Ham United logo prominently displayed in the front (which would cover the infamous scar) from the Gringotts gift store that none of the purebloods knew about but that every muggleborn knew existed, put it on and quickly left the bank. The logo confused all the magicals he passed, but once back in London proper, his cap went unnoticed other than some people he passed thought the poor confused kid was wearing a stocking cap in the middle of summer. Kids these days, sheesh, was a frequent comment Harry heard as he headed for London St Pancras where he would purchase a ticket to take the Eurostar through the Chunnel. So far his trust in adults was at an all-time pitifully low level, but his faith in the goblins was fairly high. Not only had all access to his entire fortune been sealed for a short amount of time (at his request), but they had managed to open up other accounts (outside of Britain), and put together a nifty passport. Once Harry got to Paris, he would meet up with another goblin-liaison and continue his trek to Switzerland. And ultimately, to another Gringotts branch.