the Malfoy's to talk with Astoria and to sort things out to do with work for Draco. I give him a look that said 'really?' with a raised eyebrow and head slightly tilted. He shrugged. "I'm just trying to diffuse the tension we have building up. What's the problem with making some small talk? If it gets to personal we can stop. We do have to work together for the rest of the year after all." He said to me with a smirk and a slightly raised eyebrow back at me. I guess he does have a point. "Yeah I went to America and France for a couple of weeks with my older cousins Vicki and Nicki, what with their fashion design business Vicki needs to keep up with the latest trends for her V.A. Weasley stores, both Muggle and Wizarding clothes since she caters to Muggleborn's too, so we went to New York first to view the fashion shows there and to Paris afterwards to see them there." I answered Scorpius, not that he would care of course, since he was just making small talk. "What about Hugo?" "He was with my Uncle Charlie in Romania studying Dragons." I mentioned. "Oh that explains the lack of you lot at our Mansion this summer, you normally tag along when your mother comes over to see mine." He said laughing, he obviously knows about my mother's issues with depression since my father's death since his mother treats my mother for it and his father works with her. We had reached the end of the train and all seemed well, there was a slight queue for the toilets at the end but that was fairly common this time of day because of students changing into their school robes. We continued down towards the toilets when we heard some soft moaning. Looking towards each other went to the toilet on the left hand side and listened carefully for a moment. Yep, there was definitely moaning. "Alohomora" I said to the door, it instantly clicked open and we pushed it. Standing there pressed up against the wall of the toilet was none other than my cousin Albus with his girlfriend of sorts Verity Robertson. "Oh really Albus, could you not have waited for another half an hour until we got to the castle." I mumbled, this was not the ideal position to be seeing my cousin and his girlfriend in. "Well, I guess but I was horny now…" Albus said trailing off with a smirk of his face. Bloody Slytherin's all have that good for nothing smirk, I wonder if it's a requirement or they teach a special class in it? "I'm going to dock house points from both of you. 20 points each, seems fair doesn't it Malfoy?" I said raising an eyebrow daring him to undermine me. "Nope, seems fair to me, in all honesty mate it's not something I particularly want to walk into…" He said trailing off as I scoffed at his deliberate attempt at pretending that the same thing didn't happen to him less than an hour ago. He was just lucky I didn't take points from him and Mitzi too. "Anyway," I say loudly as if to hurry things along, "we're nearly at school. You two better get changed. See you at the feast Albus." I said shaking my head, to my dear half naked cousin. He blushed in a un-Potter like manner and closed the door. We walked away from the toilets and went our separate ways. We did after all have to get changed into our robes too I entered my previous compartment with my friends. Lorcan and Lysander were playing exploding snap with Paddy and Carmen. Belle and Frankie were gossiping over a copy of newest edition of Witch Weekly. Xavier and Jonathan weren't in the room, which probably meant they were getting changed. "Rose, I know he's your cousin but Louis is so hot." Belle said as soon as I sat down beside them, whilst Frankie nodded beside her. Louis was in there modelling some new Wizard Robes for Madam Malkins Wizard Wear for All Occasions . "Seriously guys, that's disgusting. I'm not exactly going to find my cousins attractive am I? At least this isn't as bad as what I had to walk into a second ago." I said under my breath shivering. Belle managed to catch what I said though and raised her eyebrows in question. "What did you walk into a second ago?" She then asked after I refused to answer her silent question. "Well, Malfoy and I were doing our rounds and we heard a noise coming from the bathrooms up the other end of the train. So we unlocked the door only to find my cousin Albus hooking up with Verity." "Seriously? Albus Potter, was having sex on the train?" Paddy asked over hearing what I said. "Bloke's a boss." Lysander said laughing to himself. "No, bloke's a douche. I really didn't want to see that first thing in the morning." I mumbled. I was still trying to erase the image from my brain. "Well this is going to make for an interesting year isn't it then…" Frankie said sighing at the end. Yes it was. A very interesting year indeed. I am currently going through this with a BETA Reader to improve it and from Chapter 5 they will be fresh new EDITED chapters! I would like to thank my BETA Reader Cara who writes under the pen name of Conscience-Artist, Please go read her stories! She has however forgotten her info for that account so she is now writing under the Pen Name of formallyknownasconscienceartis and she should have a few chapters to a new story added on there soon! Also we are both on Tumblr so if you wish to keep up with some info about both our stories I am under: Lovealwayswinsintheend and Cara is under: Weheartscorose Thank you for reading! Please Review! Bekah x