"Oh fuck, I can't-I'm going-" As they succumbed to climax, they both called out each other's names, though whether they were able to manage it aloud or merely think it simultaneously, they would never know. With a bright singing light, magic washed over them both and they collapsed back down in a twisted mess of sheets and sweat, their chests heaving as they slowly recovered from their shared ordeal. Hermione's eyelids felt almost impossibly heavy and she only managed a soft kiss on Severus' forehead before succumbing to slumber. It felt odd to see him back in his body again, but his black eyes were filled with a sense of peace that had never been there before and Hermione liked to think that she was the one who'd put it there. Without a word, he pulled a blanket over both of them and wrapped one arm tightly around her as he followed her in sleep. Hermione did not remember her dreams, but she remembered feeling more secure than she could ever remember having felt since the end of the war. Hermione awoke to the sound of deep, even breathing in her ear. She yawned and stretched, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes and turned to see the slack, sleeping face of Severus Snape to her right. She snuggled closer to him as she realized she was still naked, but thankfully she was in her own body once more. There was a lingering ache inside of her, but it was less of a painful sensation than the feeling of rarely used muscles after a fairly taxing workout. She also realized that she felt quite a lot wetter than usual and flushed as she realized what it was. Quickly, she grabbed her wand and cleaned herself up. "I...apologize," Severus said, looking at her sheepishly. "It's been awhile since I…" Hermione blushed and put her wand back on the bedside table. "Don't worry. It felt good. After all, it's not like we have to worry about pregnancy or anything…" It was Severus' turn to blush. "I should hope not. But sex magic can be a fickle beast. I would recommend a contraceptive potion on top of the charm just to be safe." "Well, it does last a week…" Hermione trailed off, smirking at the somewhat panicked look on his face as she leaned forward to kiss him, nuzzling her nose against the side of his neck and taking in his scent. "Are you...implying what I think you're implying?" He looked uncertain, his face filled with a sort of youthful curiosity that she'd never seen there before. "I'm not implying anything," Hermione replied bravely. "I'm saying that, if you want me, then I want you." "Oh. Well." He kissed her back hungrily, his arm drawing her closer to him. "If that's the case, then I have a number of places in Hogwarts Castle that I can think of that ought to...do nicely." Hermione could feel butterflies in her chest as she imagined the various places they could go. "Right here is fine, to start," she replied, rubbing against his rising erection with her hand. " Anything for you," he rumbled, his voice breathy and deep. It shot right through her and Hermione knew that she wouldn't need the lubrication charm this time. Over the next few months, they shagged in pretty much every hidden place in Hogwarts Castle, and a few that were not nearly so hidden- often with the added thrill of the possibility of being caught. Being the headmaster offered a number of perks, giving Severus and Hermione access to all manner of locations for them to enjoy to the fullest as he filled her time and time again. But beyond the sex, they'd also developed a deep emotional bond, their bodies thrumming with need every time they were close to one another. They held hands and read together, or debated on various scholarly articles. They cuddled in bed, and Severus made her breakfast. Hermione made his tea just the way he liked it. It was more than just a physical relationship, even though it had started that way thanks to that blasted sex magic charm. After Hermione officially graduated, which was more of a formality than anything, she stayed on as an apprentice librarian. The library already loved her as much as a non sentient, magic repository of knowledge could love her, and she was a quick study as always. It took her another two years of asking and asking, but finally Severus yes when she proposed to him. Later that evening, however, he proposed to her , which made her shake her head and laugh and simultaneously say, 'Yes, of course , Severus!" "Well, you know how much I love a sure thing," he purred back, kissing her softly. "Now, then, I've given the house elves the night off and forbidden them from working, so how about we try the kitchens?" Hermione squealed with delight and let him lead her down the stairs, her heart thudding with anticipation. The wedding was slightly larger than either of them were comfortable with and located in the middle of the Forbidden Forest. Magorian officiated the nuptials and everyone important to them attended. It wasn't until afterwards, when they finally collapsed, exhausted, on their wedding bed, that Hermione pulled the book of sex magic from her suitcase and grinned wickedly at him in invitation. Severus merely raised an eyebrow, but nodded, and Hermione cast the spell once more. As they both adjusted to having switched their bodies once again, they were both filled with the knowledge that this would be a night to remember. Their wands and clothing set aside, they set to work melding their bodies and minds in pleasure. There would be no need for contraceptive charms or potions any longer. For now that they'd pledged their lives to one another, the future stretched out before them, and they were both eager to see just how much their love could grow.