spaghetti she'd boiled was a bit overdone, but it was nothing that a bit of seasoning and sauce couldn't mask. Severus sauteed the vegetables and hoped for the best. Vegetables were always a toss-up in his experience. In the end, the dinner was quite delicious. Hermione seemed utterly delighted at having been rescued from her predicament, and Severus found himself sinking into a sated stupor. It didn't help that she'd somehow gotten ahold of a rather nice red wine that Severus particularly enjoyed. He'd already had three glasses, and was beginning to feel a bit like he was floating on his chair instead of properly sitting on it. "Come on, then," Hermione said, taking him by the hand and leading him into her sitting room. Severus obeyed readily, stumbling a little as she led him along. "Wow, you cleaned up good," he remarked a bit spacily as they went into the room that was normally covered in paper and books. The books were still largely there, but the paper was completely gone. The file cabinets looked suspiciously full, but Severus supposed that file cabinets were supposed to be used for filing. "I'll take that as a compliment," Hermione replied, sitting next to him on the couch. Suddenly, she seemed unsure of herself, and her nervousness made Severus want to console her. "Don' worry," he slurred a bit, "You're very pretty even when you don't. Clean up, I mean." He hiccuped and blushed, feeling very embarrassed at his lack of manners. "Scuse me. I promis' I'm no' a drunk. Jus' liked the wine." "It's my fault, really," Hermione replied, "I'm the one who kept refilling your glass. I...I guess you could say that I wanted you to be able to be a bit more open, but...oh dear...you truly are a lightweight, Severus." "An' don' I know it!" Severus replied, throwing his hands in the air. "Whoopie!" Hermione shook her head. "I...I promised I'd talk to you about it, but I can't do it while you're like this. It's not fair." She stood and went into the hallway, returning with a small phial. "Wazzat?" he slurred. "You know what it is," she replied, unstoppering it and putting it under his nose. "Sob-ring potion? Bu' I like being like this!" Severus protested. He was feeling warm and nice and floaty, after all. It was nice not to be anxious and worried for a change. He didn't want it to end. "C'mon, do it for me, please?" Hermione put on her best puppy-dog expression. Immediately, Severus nodded. "Anythin' for you, 'ermione. Anythin' at all." Hermione blushed at this and tipped it back into his mouth so that he could drink it. "I wan' kiss yeh, yeh know," Severus said after swallowing, "I-oh, no. I'm sorry Hermione." "What for?" Hermione leaned forward and Severus gulped when he realized that not only was he completely sober, but he was now also acutely aware of the ample cleavage that her low cut shirt afforded her. She most certainly didn't seem to be doing it on purpose, but Severus could feel his body stirring to attention at her proximity. "I got drunk and was acting like an idiot," Severus replied morosely, bending over and holding his head in his hands, "Now you're going to think I'm some sort of perverted-" "No," Hermione said firmly. Severus sat up and stared at her. "No?" He asked, his voice cracking slightly. "Never," Hermione replied in the same sure tone of voice. "But surely, when I was going on about k...kissing-" Severus balked at actually saying all of it. "But that's the thing, Severus! I want to do it!" Hermione said insistently. "You…. what ?" Severus replied, his voice tinged with disbelief. "Kissing. You. I want it." Hermione's face was burning scarlet, but her eyes were full of determination. "I've felt like this for awhile now, but...you're such a gentleman that I...I…" "Didn't think that I'd feel the same?" Severus supplied. "Exactly!" Hermione said, pointing her finger at him for emphasis. Then she seemed to deflate a bit and sat back, staring at her feet self-consciously. "I mean...maybe it was the wine talking, though...I...I'm sorry if I made you do something you didn't want to do." "But I want to!" Severus exclaimed, leaning forward and grasping her hand. "I've been wanting to for ages, but I thought that you...you wouldn't...want someone like me." There. He'd put it into words. All of the stored up humiliation inside of him had poured out into the air and he sat waiting for her judgement. Perhaps there had been some misunderstanding, some sort of- And then she was there, her nose brushing against his and her lips, Sweet Merlin, they were warm and slightly wet and pressing against his. Severus sank into the kiss, his body filling with an electrified jolt of pleasure that poured through his body from where she was pressed against him. Her hands slid through his hair, a comforting, possessive gesture that made him moan with pleasure into her mouth. His arms were around her and he kissed her back until they both came up gasping for air, their cheeks and lips flushed with need. "That was...my first…" Severus panted. "I know, I've never had a kiss like that before," Hermione replied, her pupils wide with desire. "No...not that...first ever…" Severus trailed off, anxiety creeping into his features again. "You never kissed anyone before?" Hermione asked. Severus shook his head. "Never thought I would. Got used to it...but...wow. Now that I have, I want to do it again." "And I would be happy to oblige," Hermione replied. "Many, many times. As many times as it takes to make up for a lifetime of kisses missed." Severus was unable to respond before her lips claimed his again. He pressed against her body, his heart beating blissfully against hers. There were, after all, a lifetime of kisses that needed to be made up for, and he would be damned if he missed even one.