be missing. He cannot work now." the Healer continued. "Sure. Only the best work for our companies. Everything will be alright!" Draco would still recognize the pride on his mother's voice. So, she hadn't change that much… "Ehm, I am sorry, but…who are you?' he said pointing as politely as he could, at the couple he didn't know. The man firstly looked surprised, but then smiled sadly and said; ''Oh! Yes, of course! We are Hermione's parents. Hermione always claimed you had seen as on your Second year I think, at Diagon Alley .But, it seems like you can't recognize us now, as well…'' Draco raised an eyebrow elegantly "As well?' This time, the woman spoke; ''Well, when you started being in a relationship with our daughter and you firstly and formally met us, you didn't recognize us from back then, just like now. Of course it is normal, your physical condition…I mean, several years have passed, so…' "Right…' Suddenly, Luna Lovegood entered the room, on her orange robes. She had knocked the door, but didn't wait for an answer. Her round eyes searched the room before her words escaped from her pale lips. "Hello everyone. Sorry, for being late, my husband and I were having a meeting with my garden's Exotic Red-eyed Rabbits, and I couldn't just leave… he is having a hard time making new friends, lately. However, the twins always help. So, Draco, are you okay? You don't look like it. Harry cared enough to inform me about the attack…' she said everything totally calmly. "It seems like he has lost his memory of the past years. He doesn't remember his life with Hermione…'Harry said before Draco could answer; he didn't know what he should expect to hear from his mouth… "What a pity!' "Yeah…' Awkward silence filled the room. "So, this is why she was crying, right? It is more serious than she expected it to.' "What?' It was Draco who spoke, suddenly really interested on what Luna said; he normally never paid attention on what she was talking about, but now… Everyone, except of Luna, was staring at him. "Well, you know, she started, while heading to the big window from where you could see how cloudy the day was, when I arrived here, the first thing I saw was Hermione, at the garden, sitting at a bench near the flowers in a not so good condition, crying. I haven't seen her crying like that for years… So, I came closer and asked her what had happened. She told me some things, but she was still crying and sobbing, so I only heard several things, like memory, Hogwarts, hates, have to tell and no love anymore… Even if I understood no thing, I comforted her and-' Draco cut her off; ''She was crying?! But why, I still can't understand!' Ron rolled his blue eyes "Oh, com' n Malfoy! Are you that stupid?! 'Mione loves you! And until two nights ago, you loved her, too! You were crazy for her! And now you wake up, after an I-wound-not-call-it-accidentthat I assure you, if she wasn't there you would have been dead by now, and you can't recall any memory of your relationship! Were you waiting her to jump of joy?!' Draco's head was full of new information. He just wanted to be totally sure before to act with any way... "So, you say that we love each other?' "Yes. ' "That we got married because we wanted to?' "Yes!' "And that I have spent the last years of my life with her without to remember a thing?!' "Yes!' "Oh…' Don't say it. "Em … could I…' Don't say it, Draco. "Could I talk to her?' Why the hell did you say that?! The group of people looked at each other, until Blaise said; ''I think that it wouldn't be such a bad idea, but after that you have to rest, right? Don't forget that you haven't recover yet, mate. Will you make him do the tests in the evening or later?' he was now looking at the taller Healer who nodded in agreement. "Okay, so we will leave now. I am going to call her.' Ginny said, and they all started to leave, slowly. Draco's mother was the last one to stay in the room. "Don't forget that she loves you and that she is upset, son' she gave him an encouraging, soft smile and then followed the rest of the wizards and witches. Draco stayed alone, staring at the wall. So many questions… He was in pain, he was confused, he was upset, he was angry, he was so many other things that he couldn't even express. And it didn't feel good. Someone knocked the door. It was Hermione. … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … DMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDM a/n: So, that was it…! I hope you guys liked it, let me know, so that I can update the next chapter, which is almost ready. That one was actually something like the prologue. I have to admit, I am kind of anxious, as this is my first fanfic 'in progress '. I would totally appreciate it if you'd try to be kind, just for your information… ;-) Also, if you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask. If some of you are kind of confused with the 'Exotic Redeyed Rabbits', don't search about them in the books; I made them up. (I don't know where this came from, really…) **I would like to reveal to you all, that the Draco you're going to see at the rest of 'Back To Where We Started' is a mixture of the one you all know from the books, and of the new, changed one, so his actions are going to be the same, or not? You will find out, soon or later. ;-) Thanks for reading! STeNiA