end up like this. All alone. I didn't do anything wrong, at least I don't think so." "Yes. You are correct, but just because you do not remember messing with the timeline and fate does not mean that you did not. You could have done it by accident, or perhaps someone did it for you. Take out the smallest black book in there. The pages are raggedy and most are torn. Sirius brought it to me when he found it in Grimmauld Place in his brother's old room. He believes it to be Regulus' diary." I grabbed the book and flipped through it. Most of the pages were torn or had been ripped out. The remaining pages were water stained and the ink ran making the words impossible to read. "You can't read any of this." I gritted my teeth. "Patience Ms. Granger. Turn to the last page and repeat after me. Now say, Librus Revelarium." I repeated the words and the book transformed. The pages were now clean and new. The penmanship was neat and now more easily read. I gasp at the words at that were revealed. Rest In Heavenly Peace Hermione Tsarina Black Beloved Daughter Mommy and Daddy would never forget you August 19, 1980 "I wasn't aware Regulus had a child.." My eyes couldn't believe the words. "Neither did anyone else. Sirius came to me with the information and asked if I could find out more about it. He died before I could tell he much more. All I was ever able to discover was that she died not long after she was born. Her mother had just passed not long after her birth.. I suspect that this was the motivation that Regulus needed to defect." "You think that I am her." I accused him. He nodded. "I do. I don't think that she was supposed to die then. And perhaps due to the Fates interruption you were reborn as Hermione Granger rather than Hermione Black. Had you been born how you were originally intended to, perhaps none of this would have ended this way." I gently shut the book and put that back as well before closing the nook in the wall. I didn't want to think anymore. My brain hurt and my heart hurt and I didn't understand why he was telling me all of this now. It was done. It was all over. It ended this way anyway and now there was nothing that I could do about it. Did he expect me to fix it? Of course he did. He's Albus Dumbledore and he always have something up his sleeves. He couldn't help himself. "Ms. Granger I know that this all may be very hard for you, but—" "No. You don't. You don't know anything. You think you do and you wait until it's the most opportune moment for you to reveal it, but you just don't get it. Do you? It's over. They're gone. They're all gone and I am here. There is nothing that I can do about that now. And I am tired." I sob out exhausted feeling everything finally crashing down on me. "I'm just so tired. So please, just leave me alone. I can't do anything about what happened no matter how much I try or read through these books." I gestured towards the books that lay scattered on the floor at my feet. "I'm sorry. But I'm just not capable of fighting anymore. I don't have anymore left in me." He was thoughtful for a moment. "I'm sorry that you feel that way." He said and walked slowly back to his original painting. And I thought that he was finally going to leave me alone. But he stopped before completely leaving his office. "I still believe that you have much more fight in you left. You're special Hermione. You have always been, right from the very beginning. Now it's just up to you to remember that." And then he left. Left me back in this silence that was uncomfortable. The silence was deafening and I screamed. I screamed out the anguish and anger and all the pain I was feeling. I screamed out all of the hurt and frustration. I screamed for my parents who were killed on the plane to Australia in a plane crash. I screamed for all of the Weasleys and Remus and Tonks and Sirius. I screamed for poor little Teddy Lupin who never got to grace the world with his presence. And I screamed for Harry. I screamed for him not keeping his promise and surviving. I screamed until my throat was raw and my voice disappeared. Tears streamed down my face and I fought to catch my breath. I kicked at the books at my foot and slumped against the wall. I stared blankly at the spot in the wall where the invisible nook sat. Where behind the walls hid three books that further hid secrets. Secrets that could possible help end all of the pain that I was feeling. What misfortune could be larger than witnessing the murder and death of everyone you ever loved? I still believe that you have much more fight in you left You feel it in your body that something just isn't right. Something is wrong. Something had to have gone wrong. Something is wrong. Something is wrong. Something is wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. And I screamed out again once more with everything that I had in me. And this time when I screamed I felt a new lightness that wasn't there before. A rush a strength and lightness all at the same time. The sensation of being lifted off the ground filled my body and darkness soon covered every inch of my vision. What did you think about it? Love it? Hate it? Let me know what you think by leaving me a small review. I already completed the second chapter but I just wanted to know what you think about it first.