one of those freaks!" she shrieked, pointing a shaking finger at him. Ethan's eyes flashed an ominous red at that moment. He had quite enough of this family, and he had been around long enough to be able to smell the bad and good in people. And let's just say that there is a special place in Hell reserved for people like them from what he'd seen and smelt. May Hades take no mercy on them. "I normally abhor killing mundanes, especially children." Ethan sneered at Petunia and her obese son, lifting up his left hand even as bright blue flames surrounded it—and Petunia shrunk back in fear. "But I think I'll make a special exception today." Occupants of literally nearly every house in Privet Drive were looking out of their windows curiously even as fire-fighters fought the raging fire that is raging within the house of Number Four. The flames were large and bright and angry— literally lighting up the night sky. Arabella Figg stared in shock and horror across Number Four—standing in the yard of her little abode, surrounded by her numerous kneazle cats that were all yowling in discomfort and fear. "How the hell did the fire start?" One confused policeman was asking the Chief Fire-Fighter even as the paramedics that were called were currently carting three charred and broken bodies to the ambulance—their faces grim. "We have no idea." The fire-fighter admitted to the policeman. "According to witnesses, the fire just…flared up all of a sudden. By the time we got here, it was already raging like this." He waved his hand towards said house that is on fire. And curiously, the flames doesn't seem to be at the risk of spreading to the other houses even though with such a large fire like this, it just shouldn't be possible. "Arson?" "Not possible." The fire-fighter shook his head immediately. "Arson wouldn't spread this quickly. "Any alive?" "None. All the occupants are dead." Arabella Figg felt her heart constrain itself even as she entered her house once again, tears streaming down her cheeks. Little Kristina Potter…dead? One thing she does know however. Shit is going to hit the fan. XXXXXX The first thing that Kristina Potter realised upon waking up is that she felt warmth. A kind of warmth that she had never felt before in her life—or if she did, she doesn't remember it in the least. She felt protected. This warmth makes her feel safe. Protected. If this is a dream, then she doesn't ever want to wake up. There was a low chuckle above her just then, and her eyes snapped opened only to see a handsome black-haired man looking at her with gentle eyes, amusement visible in his visage. "I'm afraid it's no dream, child." With a squeak, Kristina Potter leapt up only to wince as she felt as if red-hot daggers had just stabbed itself through her back. The man looked alarmed as he steadied her small body. "Are you okay?" he asked, concerned. "Don't move so suddenly. It took me hours just to stop the bleeding." Kristina looked at the man with tear-filled eyes. "Who are you? Why did you help me?" she whimpered, taking a look around her surroundings. It is an extremely nice room—looking almost like one of those executive suite hotel rooms that are always advertised on television. "My name is Ethan. Ethan Nightray." The man introduced himself. "And for the love of Hecate, dear child, if I hadn't came when I did, your uncle would have beaten you to death!" His voice sounded angry, and Kristina flinched. He sounds almost like how Uncle Greg at the bookstore had sounded before he'd passed away when he had found out what had happened. Big Brother Matt had sounded the same way too. Why are they all so concerned for her? She's a freak, isn't she? That's what Aunt Petunia always said. Ethan hesitated as he saw the cowed expression on the child's face, with the small girl looking as if she'd expected him to hit her. The vampire coughed into his hand. "Okay, Krista. Let's try this again. My name's Ethan Nightray. I got you out of that house. And as for your relatives, let's just say that they won't be going near you ever again." An almost vindictive smirk appeared on his face. Kristina blinked doe-like eyes at him. "'Krista'?" she echoed. "Kristina is a little too grown-up name for a little girl." Ethan teased, poking her on the nose, and the girl pouted. "And it's a mouthful. Besides, 'Krista' kind of suits you." Furthermore, Krista is also the short form for 'Kristina'. "Krista…" Kristina repeated the name. Is it a nickname, like the one that Aunt Petunia had always given her cousin? She nodded her head, finding that she likes it. "I like it." "Also…" Ethan hesitated before slowly and gently scooping up the little girl and sitting her on his lap—he'd long learned that abused children don't take well to sudden fast movements. "Tell me something, Krista. Do you believe in vampires?" A/N: Originally, I was going to put in the meeting with the rest of the Nightray vampire clan along with a few of the others from the Hidden World in this chapter, but this chapter will be too long otherwise, and so, I've split it in half. You'll get the reactions of Krista's (she'll be known by this name from here onwards) 'death' the next chapter. Additionally, I really can't decide between having this be a 'siding with Voldemort' story and create a complete new antagonist and new skirmishes or still have Voldemort as the antagonist along with a vampire antagonist. Help, peeps? And do you want Draco as a bestie or as an enemy of sorts? So, what do you think of this rewritten story? Much more believable than the previous version? Anyway, I hope that you like this story and chapter, and please read and review! Reviews give me inspiration to update!