as though his fate were sealed. Now to wait. At the half hour mark, both Draco and Lucius stood up and started paceing. After another fifteen minutes, they moved out of the waiting room and into the hallway. Another half hour passed with no word. Draco grew more worried each minute that went by. When two hours since the healer had left them had passed, Draco decided to see if the receptionist could find out what was taking so long. But before he got ten feet down the hallway, the double doors opened and out walked Healer Andrews. Draco rushed back to the healer. "Mr. Malfoy. First, let me congratulate you on the birth of your son." He had a big smile on his face. "My son? He's here. But you were only testing. You said I had to decide what to do." Draco was confused. He had not made up his mind yet. But it seemed it was no longer his decision. "Mr. Malfoy. Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy. Let's go sit in the waiting room, so I can properly explain." Once they were seated, Narcissa asked bluntly. "What's happened?" " Well, as I told you, the testing can cause the baby to move around. Normally, when he starts to move, we pause the test to let him settle down. However, your son refused to settle. Once he felt the magic in the test, he...he got excited is the only way I can describe it. We stopped the test. But he just kept wriggling. His movements continued until we could see on the diagnostic that the umbilical cord was pulling. Your wife's heart rate and respiration rate increased to the point I became concerned for their welfare. So I made the decision to deliver your son immediately. A specialty pediatric team was called in and your son was born at 2:24 pm. He is actually very healthy. As I explained earlier, our main concern was the development of his lungs, but the neonatal specialists have examined him thoroughly and determined that his lungs were more developed than we anticipated. He is in NICU, but he is breathing on his own. Normally, a baby six and a half weeks premature would require some assistance, if not be completely reliant on artificial means to breathe." Draco interrupted, "And Hermione? How is my wife?" "She is doing very well. As soon as your son was delivered, her heart and respiration rates started returning to normal. She should be waking up in the next hour or so. You may sit with her if you like. That way you can be the one to introduce her to her son. Someone will be along in a few minutes to take the three of you to see your son. Once your wife is fully awake, the two of you can go to the NICU together and you will be allowed to hold him." "Healer Andrews, about my wife? What about other children?" "If you both want another baby or two, I see no reason you shouldn't be able to have them. There did not appear to be any lasting damage done. Mrs. Malfoy will heal from this delivery and I will check her in a few weeks. But this is all completely normal. Again, Mr. Malfoy, congratulations. This is really the best outcome we could have hoped for. You are a very lucky man." And for the first time in his life Draco felt like a lucky man. Within minutes of the healer leaving them, the mediwitch who brought the paperwork knocked on the door. "Ready to meet the newest little Malfoy?" They followed her down the hallway to another set of doors. This time they were allowed in. Directly across from the doors was a glass wall. Behind the glass wall were a few rows of incubators. They stepped closer to the glass. Each scanning the room for their first glimpse of Scorpius Draco Malfoy. All the incubators were empty. The mediwitch went to a door a little way down the hall and knocked. After only a couple of minutes someone opened the door. "The Malfoy's would like to see their baby." No sooner did the door close than an incubator was pushed into the room on the other side of the glass wall and wheeled right to the front. And the Malfoy's got their first look at little Scorpius. Most definitely Draco Malfoy's son. He had soft white down upon his tiny little head. And his father's pointed chin and high cheekbones. Pale skin. And upon closer inspection, you could see silver grey eyes peeking out. There did not appear to be any of Hermione in this baby. Draco glanced over at his parents to see their reaction to their first grandchild. His mother had tears in her eyes and the most beautiful smile on her face. But it was his father's reaction that took his breath away. Lucius Malfoy, once the Dark Lord's faithful servant, the man who detested muggles and mudbloods, had tears running down his cheeks at the sight of his halfblood grandson. He wasn't even attempting to wipe them away. Lucius looked over at Draco and said. "I am very proud of you, son. You are going to be a wonderful father to that little boy. Much better than I was to you." Draco was stunned. He couldn't remember his father ever saying he was proud of him. He didn't know what to say, so he simply nodded and murmured "Thank you, Father." After a few more minutes of watching Scorpius, Draco turned away from the glass. "I am going check on my wife." But before he could walk away, he felt a large hand on his arm. He turned back just in time to see his father wipe away his tears, then he felt his arms wrap around him. It was the first time Draco could remember being hugged by Lucius Malfoy since his first trip on the Hogwarts Express.