Then, the pain was gone. The minute it was gone, Freya stopped screaming, but she felt exhausted and she couldn't move. "What does the mark do?" Freya heard her father asks. "With this mark, she won't be able to tell anyone about being Guardian, minus a few certain people. If she does, she'll experience pain worse than the Crucio curse." Lance says, sounded as calm as ever. Freya didn't understand what that meant, but she knew it was bad. Just as her vision became dark, Freya heard Lance whisper. "You're mine now, Freya." He mumbles softly, stroking her hair in what was meant to be a soothing manner, but it just made her want to cry. That's all Freya could remember before her vision went black. HARRY POTTER September 1 st 2015 Now eleven years old, Freya stood on the platform nine and three quarters. This is the year she would be entering Hogwarts and any child would be excited. However, Freya didn't feel excited, all she felt was dread. Her mother and father stood beside her, but they did not interact with her. Freya could see all the other parents, hugging their children and wishing them a good year, but Freya got none of that. This was her first year being a Guardian, and Freya wanted nothing more than to run away. "That is who you are to protect Freya." Rupert's strong voice snapped his daughter out of her thoughts. Freya looks up and sees who her father is referring too. She could see a large family, most of them with ginger hair. She knew that they were the Weasleys and looks further. That's when she spotted Harry Potter and his family. Next to him was James Sirius Potter. He had uncontrollable brown hair and hazel eyes. He looked slightly scrawny and thin. Like his father, James also had glasses. Honestly, Freya wasn't impressed. For three years, it had been drilled into her that James would be the most important person in her life. She would have to trade her life for his if the time came. Freya was meant to protect him and watch over him. James had been made out to be almost like a godly figure in her family. Her family had made it obvious who was more important. Freya watched as James' family hugged him, Ginny crying slightly as she watched her first born board the train. Freya felt her chest tighten as she watched the family interact. Her fists clenched as she watched the family. She was jealous. Freya looks up to her parents, hoping that since they've just seen other parents give affection to their kids that they would follow suit. However, Freya was disappointed when her parents did nothing. Vivienne looks down at her daughter, "Remember, Slytherin is the house you want to be in." She says, her voice icy and stern, "If not Slytherin, at least Ravenclaw." Rupert concedes with a flat look. Freya nods her head, but says nothing. With that, Vivienne and Rupert left their daughter all alone on the train platform. Her suitcase had already been taken and placed on the train. With nothing else to do, Freya resorted to watching the Potter family once more. As she did so, she couldn't help the burning jealousy she was feeling. Freya had only just met James once, and she didn't like him at all. HARRY POTTER Freya's POV My name is Freya Williams. I am a Guardian but not by choice. Before I was born, a new section of the Ministry was made; in secret. It was called the Ministry of Guardians and it was very selective and very secret. Not many people knew about it, and if you had, you could never speak about it outside the members that were in it. Lance Johnson made sure of that by marking each and everyone one of its members. Lance Johnson was a very persuasive man. He was the one who made the suggestion that would kick start the Ministry of Guardians. He had proposed an idea to Kingsley Shacklebolt, to give each child – whose families fought in the war – a Guardian to protect them from any future threats. Lance had reason to believe that if another war were to break out, the War Hero's children would be targeted to eliminate any future threats. Families such as the Potters, Weasleys, Lovegoods (Scamanders), Longbottoms and even the Malfoys would be assigned a Guardian for each child that they had. Guardians would watch over their charges and would make sure that no harm came to them. There was however a little clause that Kingsley Shacklebolt was never told before he approved this. I liked to believe that if he did know about this clause, there was no way that he would have approved it. The Guardians are expendable. We Guardians could be killed and easily replaced; we were not important. However, if any harm were to come to the charge, there was serious hell to pay. The Guardian would more than likely not survive the punishment, because Lance would make sure he was the one who gave the punishment personally. Now there are a few rules that we Guardians have to abide by, and if we didn't, we'd be punished for it. If we even broken one rule, it would cost you severely. Rule one: Protect the charge at all cost, no excuses. Rule Two: The charge must never know you are protecting them. Rule Three: You must have no contact with your charge. Rule Four: You must NEVER fall in love with your charge. Rule Five: You can never tell anyone about being a Guardian. Rule Six: Anyone caught shirking their responsibilities will be immediately removed and replaced. There are quite a few more, but you get my point. If anyone were to break even one of these rules, death was usually the punishment. Here's the great part though. I broke nearly every rule possible. And here is how.