close. But he had no strength for any effort at all. '…six, seven, eight,' the apothecary counted, slapping down the gold coins in turn. They were old, scratched, their gleam long forgotten. Remus did not care. It was money, hard, cold wizarding money. It was food. Meat for tonight, a sack of dried beans and one of oats for the days to come. Perhaps even a loaf of bread. He could not think farther ahead than that. Planning, budgeting, proper shopping, that would have to wait until after the full moon. He released his desperate grip on his arm and dragged the coins to him, burying them in the inner pocket of his tired old robes. There was something in that pocket already, soft and pliable beneath his calloused fingertips. Remus pulled it out, feeling the weight of the Galleons settle consolingly against the washboard of his ribs. It was a handkerchief. White linen aged to yellowish, old bloodstains brown on the cloth despite careful laundering. The hem, stitched so skilfully by nimble hands long turned to dust, was worn away in places to a fraying fringe of threads. In one corner, worn white chainstitch spelled out his initials, the 'J' unravelled almost to bare memory. Your mum makes them, doesn't she, Moony ? A third voice, higher than the others. A round, kindly face, lit up with effortful interest in a simple Christmas gift. I think that's nice. There's a lot of love in homemade things, you know. Peter. Dear, faithful Peter, always so careful of his feelings. Remus wondered what Peter would make of all this. He would be just as horrified as James, but frightened with it. Peter had always struggled with the reality of the wolf, even after the mystery had been stripped away by nights of familiarity and madcap play. And it would have worried him to see Remus in such a wretched state. He would have taken him by the arm, found him somewhere to lie down, fetched him a cup of tea, hot and ridiculously sweet. It's good for shock, you know. Sugar, I mean. Drink up, Moony. You'll feel yourself again in a minute or two. Remus rammed the handkerchief into the crook of his arm, soaking up the blood and staunching the wound. He got clumsily to his feet, swaying. 'You'll pass out if you get up too soon,' said the apothecary. The warning was indifferent: habitual. How often had he done this, leeching those too desperate to have any other choice? Suddenly Remus wanted to put as much distance between himself and this man as possible. He wanted to leave this dingy place and its questionable wares far behind. Most of all, he wanted to get away from that bowl, that bowl that was glutted with his blood. That bowl that still, incredibly, smelled of temptation. He made for the door, unable to keep a straight course. He fumbled with the handle, using his left hand because his right was holding the handkerchief to the still-seeping wound left by the fleam. He staggered out into the street, unsure which way to turn. There was a lamppost a few yards to the right, its lantern shattered and dark. Remus canted towards it, the socket of his shoulder striking the iron as he leaned desperately in for support. The world was spinning, spinning, spinning. He could see the place where the street widened, the pavement curving to accommodate the change. That way lay Diagon Alley, and the butcher's shop where he could buy a pound of their cheapest stewing meat. Remus tried to fix his thoughts on that, to focus on the goal of the entire miserable exercise. He panted shallowly, struggling to muster the strength to abandon the support of the post. He adjusted his hold on the handkerchief, now soaked through with blood. His head swam as if he had just Disapparated. He closed his eyes against the whirling nexus of coloured lights that swam before them. Diagon Alley. Food to take the edge off of this insidious dizziness. Food to give him enough strength to return to the little cottage on the moors. Food, to ensure his survival tonight when the wolf raged and rampaged. This, all of this, for food. Remus pushed himself off of the post, his body protesting the effort and his skin slick with cold sweat. The bite of the winter air cut through his inadequate garments. His cloak was whole, though worn thin and fraying, and his robes were neatly and meticulously patched. The undergarments beneath were in tatters, too far gone for darning charms or even the most careful needle. Remus was shivering, chilled to his core. He could feel his wand poking the crest of his hip, still with him at least, even if he did not have the strength to use it. That was all he needed to know. He could leave this place, if he was sure he had his wand. He started up the street, back towards the light and welcome of Diagon Alley. It was not so far to walk: only a few blocks. His down-at-heel shoes shuffled against the pavement. His right sock was wet with icy sludge. There was a hole in that shoe. He'd have to find it, see if he could patch it. New shoes were as much a fever-dream as the Wolfsbane Potion. His thoughts were muddled, wandering, molasses-slow and galloping all at once. Remus tried to focus on the task at hand. All he had to do was walk. He could do that. He could. He managed another three steps before he fell, limbs crumpling bonelessly as his head wobbled and the sickly fingers of a cold swoon seized him. He crashed onto the cobbles, knees first and then his shoulder. Even before his head struck the pavement, he was falling away into oblivion. One last, fading thought blazed through his muddled mind. He could not believe it had come to this.