whores... try to… kill… me !" There was a high-pitched, mad cackle. " Avada Kedavra!" As the rose-gold light reached blinding intensity, a bolt of violent green magic struck Parvati's magic. There were two screams of pain, one gasping and raw from Padma, and one shocked and shrill from close by. The green line abruptly darkened into rich emerald, tainted dull gray like stone and a sickening, oily black sheen. The strange ribbon was sucked into the rose-gold vortex and then Padma's vision began to dance with black spots. Padma heard Parvati say I love you, but in her delirium she didn't know if Parvati said it out loud or if she only imagined it. There was a moment of terrible, complete blackness that melted into a glimmer of gold, then faded into nothing. Padma again slowly became aware that she was still alive, through the pulsing agony in her side, the feeling that something was crushing her chest, and something horribly, lifelessly still held in her hand. She desperately wanted to talk to Parvati, filled with the desperate but fading feeling that her sister might still be alive, but she couldn't even manage to open her eyes. Padma distantly heard someone struggling for breath. " What did you do to me?" A shaking, rasping scream that was barely above a whisper. The sound of pounding feet. "Lestrange, leave those two, they're dead! The Dark Lord calls for the death of all blood traitors and mudbloods, not just a pair of immigrant child brides!" "Don't tell me what the Dark Lord wants!" The rasping voice sounded a bit stronger. "I just… need a moment." Someone laughed and it sounded like they were choking. "Well while you… need a moment, I'm off to take care of that dirty Weasley brood once and for all! Then maybe I'll be the Dark Lord's favorite, and you'll still be here -" "Avada kedavra." The killing words were uttered casually. There was a thud. Then a long, slow, rattling breath. "I've been waiting to kill Molly Weasley for a long time… I think that time has come." A pause, and Padma was dully aware of the person shuffling closer. She held what little breath she still had in her lungs and kept her eyes shut. " Patils. Blood traitor brats. Good riddance." There was a small, weird sound and then Padma felt something wet hit her face. After that, the sound of quickening steps faded along with a sharp, manic giggling. Padma concentrated hard on opening her mouth and trying to remember how to use her tongue to form words. "Par...va...ti…" Silence. Padma fought the rising despair and tried again. "Parvati…" Still nothing. Her whisper faded into near-silence in her desperation. "Parvati… please …" Padma focused all her energy on opening her eyes and she slowly turned her head, feeling sharp pieces of gravel scrape against her face. The wand protruding from her side clashed against another larger piece of rock next to her as she moved and dislodged it, the wand slipping out of the wound and clattering softly to the ground. Padma barely noticed the rush of blood and pain, transfixed by the brutal, impossible truth lying inches from her face. Parvati lay next to her, more calm and serene than she had ever been in life, eyes closed and face turned towards her twin, smiling gently. She was dead, and all Padma could do was lay there, tears slowly falling from her eyes as she whispered her sister's name over and over, feeling a darkness growing inside of her that she had never felt before. There was no convenient fade into unconsciousness for Padma, like she had read about in countless novels. She lay there in excruciating spasms of pain for what felt like hours, unable to move or think or comprehend anything beyond her agony, and the knowledge that her twin sister's dead body lay next to her, her lifeless hand still clasped in Padma's, Bellatrix Lestrange's spit drying on her cheek. Her vision did fade in and out but her pain grounded her in sharp, cruel reality. She could see blurred shapes and shadows moving around her, and more than once a foot stepped carelessly upon her. Every now and then she thought she glimpsed vaguely familiar features or flashes of striped school scarves and ties. She knew in some part of her mind that was still capable of coherent thought that was hiding behind a mental wall from the unfathomable pain still rocking through her, that they must think she was dead. She wanted to call out for help, but that part of her stopped herself, knowing that she might attract attention from the casters of the malevolent green ribbons of light. So she lay there, and despite desperate prayers to whatever deity that might be listening for blessed sleep or death, she waited in waking pain. At long last, the colors faded from the air and all that was left was dust. Author's Note: While perusing the Harry Potter fanfiction genre, I became intrigued with the creative possibilities and challenges of using a canon minor character like Padma and putting her center stage. But I also wanted to exercise my plot development muscles, so I'm taking my Padma and sending her on a journey of my creation that goes deeper than JK Rowling's "all was well" and explores more of the aftereffects of the Battle of Hogwarts, emotional and otherwise, with a dash of drama and adventure. I hope you liked this first chapter and that I didn't traumatize you too much so you stick around for the rest of the story. I'm excited about it and I hope you are too! Review and let me know what you think. P.S. Sorry about Parvati. It's necessary for the plot, I promise. If it makes you feel any better, according to my research, Parvati was never confirmed as surviving the BoH, but Padma was. So this is technically canon.