poison Neville's toad, shown disrespect towards the dead, insulted my parents as well as Sirius, insulted me, Hermione, Ron, Neville, the entirety of Gryffindor, with special mention of the Weasleys. Oh, yeah, and there was that time when Malfoy's curse hit Hermione in the face, making her teeth grow abnormally large. Snape brushed it off as not seeing any difference. Let's see, what else?" "We know you don't like him, Harry," Mrs. Weasley said, smiling soothingly. "But he is still a teacher; he would never do such extreme..." "Err, he does, actually," Hermione threw in. "Harry has also failed to mention the point deductions for breathing, smiling, cheating while heating water, hindering classmates while delivering his sample, actively destroying Harry's samples, threatening Harry and Neville with poison..." "And Veritaserum," Harry added. "Yes, that too, not to mention awarding points for excellent application of hexes and jinxes on Gryffindors to Slytherin house and in turn deducting points from Gryffindors for glaring at members of his house. There was also the time when Nott pushed one of the Hufflepuff first-years aside, and she hit a wall. True, it didn't take long to heal, and it wasn't his intended result, but he still did it. Nott got a detention, the Hufflepuff too for 'provoking it' and besmirching the hallowed halls with her blood. Granted, the girl did tell him he blocked the way." "Remember when he gave Cho Chang a detention on the eve of the game just so she'd be too tired to play well?" "Ah, and he confiscated Dean's dangerous weapon –his potions knife –only to deduct points for not coming to class prepared, in this case, without a knife. Then there was the detention for Parvati for speaking out of turn when she accidentally burned her hand, or the ten points from Lavender for needing treatment when one of the Slytherins tipped her cauldron. Oh, and Colin told me about the detention for disturbing the peace and quiet by raising his hand to ask a question," Hermione continued. "Points from you for being 'an insufferable know-it-all', Ron for scaring people with his face, you for trying to force yourself into the spotlight when you arrived early..." Bill whistled. "Not bad. He seems to come up with ever more creative explanations and transgressions of common decency." Mrs. Weasley shook her head. "No, I don't believe it. He wouldn't be at school if he wouldn't do his job properly." Harry, recognizing a lost case when he saw one, swallowed his last piece of toast, causing Bill to nod. "Well then, to business. To my knowledge, you wanted to visit the house to... leave a letter, right?" "A letter to Sirius, yes," Harry confirmed. "I heard it might help with... you know." The grieving process, he finished in his mind, but kept from voicing it. He got enough pity as it was already, and he had enough to worry about without them trying to counsel him on his mourning. Bill nodded. "It's worth a try. Now, I was asked to escort you and act as your bodyguard, Harry, and I will do so only on a few conditions; I have to think of your safety first, alright?" He ignored his mother's stern look. "You will do as I say. I don't want any trouble, you see, and you running off would count as such. We will go in, you do what you wanted to, and we leave. No sightseeing, no getting side-tracked." Harry nodded. He hadn't planned to anyway. "right. The Headmaster hoped you would reconsider your plan, as he is not convinced it is a good one..." "See?" Mrs. Weasley broke in. "If Dumbledore does not want you to, then you shouldn't! Oh, Harry listen to me... listen to us." Bill continued. "He also wished for me to inform you to follow my instructions and hoped you find what you are looking for during your visit since he cannot convince you to change your mind. Well then. Ready to go?" Harry sighed. He had planned for the day for the last two weeks, ever since he had woken up from a nightmare seeing Sirius at the Ministry, but still felt dreadfully unprepared. Still, he locked eyes with Bill. "As ready as I ever will be. Thanks for doing this." "Don't worry about it," the man said, "as long as we don't dawdle, it's fine." And so, they left the comfortable kitchen with its food. Mrs. Weasley hugged both of them, and promised a nice meal for their return. Hermione stood to the side and bit her lip. "You... you'll be all right, Harry?" He fought down the smile he felt growing. He could see where she was going with this, or why she had stayed in the kitchen instead of going to the living room to read. "You don't have to come with us. Yes, I will be all right; that's the whole reason for this, isn't it? We'll be back before you know it. Although, if you want to do something for me or to just occupy your time..." "Yes?" "My Herbology essay. It looks like a lot of work, so..." He easily evaded her half-hearted swipe. Yelling "See you later!" he grabbed Bill's arm, and with the feeling of being pressed through a tube far too tight for a human, much less two, he travelled to London. First chapter done. I guess congratulations are in order for everyone who stuck with me so far. The next chapter will be posted in about a week, just as a heads-up. . I changed the dialog between Harry and Bill slightly to clarify both the reason for the visit to Grimmauld Place -leaving a letter as part of his mourning process for Sirius -and make it abundantly clear Bill is to act as Harry's bodyguard, not his confidante or friend, and that he does so under the conditions he mentioned, mainly to stay focused on what they want to do -leave the letter.