was doomed. He might as well just accept that fact now and be done with it. If this was what he felt like after less than an hour back in Tom's company, he didn't want to think about what would happen after prolonged exposure. "I'm so screwed," Harry murmured under his breath, unable to help making a careful study of Tom's rear as he bent over to carefully place the chest in the trunk. Perseus placed a hand on his shoulder, and Harry felt himself tensing. With only a handful of exceptions, he really didn't like being touched. "If you're doing what it looks like you're doing," he said conversationally, "then yes. Yes you are." "Thanks, Perseus," Harry sarcastically, trying to ignore the stiffness in his shoulder. "Really. Just thanks a bunch." "Always happy to help," Perseus said with a grin. "Especially for an honorary Black." "Honorary Black?" Harry asked. "Yeah," Perseus said with a grin. "I mean, even though things went the way they did with Sirius," he said, his expression darkening briefly, "he was your godfather. And your dad spent so much time over at our house, well…my dad's been trying to get in touch with you for years." "You and I need to have a talk about my godfather," Harry told him. "The situation…it's not what you think." Perseus looked at him intently. "Alright, Harry," he said, squeezing Harry's shoulder. "Whatever you have to say, I'll try and listen. Given the rumor I heard a few years ago, I have the feeling that it'll be interesting, at the very least." " Perseus ," came a low growl from the direction of the car, voice cold enough to freeze hell over. Perseus yanked his hand away from Harry's shoulder as if he'd been burned before taking several steps away from Harry quickly. Harry felt himself relax. As eager as he was to try and develop some sort of relationship with Perseus, he couldn't help but feel immensely grateful for Tom's interference. "It turns out we won't be needing you after all," Tom continued frostily, though his glare would have melted anything his voice froze. "Go. Now." Perseus, for all that madness seemed to run in his family, had at least some sort of sense of self-preservation. He was gone without a word or even an expression in the direction of either Harry or Tom. Tom appeared by his side as quickly as Perseus had disappeared, wearing a very familiar expression. Harry soon found himself once again in the arms of his very possessive friend, and he had the suspicion that he wouldn't find himself out of them again anytime in the foreseeable future. Harry reached out and wrapped his arm around Tom's waist, relaxing into his friend's hold. He told himself it was only appease Tom, who had been looking distressingly homicidal a moment before, but in a very small corner of his brain he had to acknowledge he might have had other motives. "Still don't like being touched?" Tom asked, ice gone from his voice. "In general? No," Harry told him as Tom escorted him toward the van. "Thank you for the rescue." "Calling it a rescue suggests that my motives were altruistic," Tom replied, face blank in the way it only ever went when he either didn't know what emotion was expected of him in the situation or when he was having difficulty keep his own emotions under control. In this situation, Harry strongly suspected it was the latter. "And why didn't you just pull away? Then you wouldn't have needed 'rescuing' in the first place." Harry's first reaction was to tell Tom that he wanted to be friends with Perseus, but then he remembered exactly who he was talking to. Claiming such a thing when Tom's possessiveness was already so roused would have been the height of stupidity A different phrasing then. One that was less likely to end up with his cousin's somewhat suspicious suicide before the end of the week. Tom opened the rear door to the car and offered Harry his hand, as if he were a Victorian gentleman and Harry was a maiden who needed help getting into the carriage. "He's a connection to my family, and I think it's important to explore that," Harry offered as he took the offered hand and climbed in. "And I felt like asking him to stop might jeopardize that." Tom climbed in immediately afterward and slammed the door behind him with a petulant "Fine." "But," he cautioned, throwing his arm around Harry again, "if anyone touches you again, just pull away. If you feel the need to smooth ruffled feathers, you can do it later. Your comfort is paramount. Besides," he said, eyes glittering in a way Harry knew was incredibly dangerous, "a small moment of awkwardness is much, much better than they could expect if I happen to see them." Harry nestled more firmly into Tom's side, letting out a small sigh of contentment. Harry could feel Tom relaxing against him, and then he felt long fingers running through his hair. "So, to summarize," Harry said, "I still don't like to be touched, you still don't like people touching me, and we both consider you an exception to both those rules," Harry said, letting his head fall against Tom's shoulder at the last word as an illustration of the point he was trying to make. "Precisely," Tom said as the front doors of truck opened. Harry was again treated to the shocked faces of Barty and Dolohov, though only momentarily. The drive back to the dorm was short, and Harry was content to pass it in silence. All the things that needed to be said were too heavy for this moment. Instead he let himself enjoy the warmth of the body next to him, the sensation of fingers in his hair, and the knowledge that it was Tom providing both those things. For the first time in ten years, he felt perfectly content.