yelled. "Say please," Draco demanded, grinning. "Please." Draco crouched and set her down on the porch floor, and Dania and Ginny rushed to hug her. Scorpius leaned back against the wooden column and watched Charlotte's nose wrinkle as she hugged them back. "Lots of hugs," she said into Ginny's hair. "Get used to it," Ginny said. "Oi!" Albus called to the six kids. Orion stopped first and Adam, not realizing he'd stopped running, plowed right into Orion's side, knocking them both to the ground. Samuel and Will stopped wrestling with Lexi, and Avery, who seemed quite bored with it all, sat up from where she'd been laying in the grass. The snitch, neglected, buzzed away from them. "You can go play if you want," Scorpius said to Charlotte, who was currently not being embraced. He was certain she hadn't had much fun at all with the children at the group home, and she rushed off at the first chance. As soon as her siblings and Orion saw her, they cheered and enveloped her in a messy group hug that wound up with all of them on the ground, laughing. Dania smiled as she watched them. "Can we wait to send Orion, Avery and Lexi back until Monday?" Draco nodded, and Scorpius turned to watch the children play. They'd gotten up and were chasing the snitch as if nothing ever happened, except now Adam had ahold of Charlotte's hand and didn't seem to want to let go, and she didn't look like she minded. "Yeah, let's give them the weekend," Scorpius said. "Let's give ourselves the weekend," Albus added and Scorpius nodded in agreement. He didn't think he could work if he wanted to – he was too happy, too relieved and too full of love for his family that he couldn't think of anything else. Late that night after a dinner of every kind of pancake imaginable, Albus and Scorpius had the kids bundled up in blankets near the fireplace with mugs of hot chocolate (their own might have had a considerable amount of Bailey's in it). Charlotte was cuddled into Albus' side after a long stint of sitting on Scorpius' lap and listening to him tell entirely-too-crazy-to-be-real stories about time travel, evil Auguries, and their hero grandfathers dueling dark wizards and ex-girlfriends. "I don't think Draco ever actually dueled Pansy," Albus corrected. "Who's telling this one hundred percent fictional story, Albus?" Scorpius said. They exchanged a grin, and Orion, who they both knew had heard a partial and far-more-accurate account, smiled at them from under his blanket. While Will demanded Scorpius tell them more about the Augury Witch, Charlotte tapped on Albus' shoulder. "Yes?" "Do I get a new name now?" Albus frowned at her. "A new name?" "Yeah. They can't take me away now, right? If I'm a Malfoy-Potter?" "No, they can't take you away," Albus assured her. "And you're a Malfoy-Potter now. All the papers were finished this afternoon. That's why your dad and I had to go back to the ministry." "Okay. But do I get a new name now?" "A new last name, yes. You're not Charlotte Nott anymore." "But you and dad named everyone else, right?" Charlotte asked. "We named Avery, Adam and Lexi," Albus clarified. "We adopted Avery and Adam right after they were born, and Lexi's parents passed away when she was a baby and they were never identified so we have no idea what her name was before. Sam and Will were a little bit older and already had their names." Scorpius had started listening while the others argued over who would win in a duel now, Draco, Harry, or Ginny. Albus knew the answer but wanted them to conclude themselves that Ginny could duel both Draco and Harry and win with her wand hand tied behind her back. "So I don't get a new name?" Charlotte said, crestfallen. "You don't like your name?" Scorpius asked. "I think it's very pretty." "Mum gave it to me," Charlotte said, shaking her head. "I don't like it. You're my parents." Albus wanted her to stop talking, because she kept saying things that made him want to cry and he'd done enough of that. He looked to Scorpius, whose soft smile told Albus he already had an answer. "How about we call you Charlie?" Scorpius asked. "It's a nickname for Charlotte and it's the name of Albus' favorite uncle." "Not that I have favorites," Albus amended quickly. It was useless. Everyone knew Charlie the Dragon Tamer was his favorite, as so many of the kids' bedtime stories featured him as a central character. "Charlie?" Charlotte said. She screwed up her face, thinking for a moment, before deciding she liked it and nodding. "Charlie Malfoy-Potter. I like it." "Perfect!" Scorpius said, clapping his hands together. "I like it very much." "So…" Charlotte said, looking up at them with the wide eyes Albus suspected she already knew would get her anything. "Does Charlie Malfoy-Potter get more pancakes in the morning?" Albus chuckled, leaning back onto the couch and closing his eyes. He reached for Scorpius' hand and felt it fall into his own and he laced their fingers together. "Maybe just tomorrow," he said. That seemed to be enough, because he felt her lay her head back down against his side, and Scorpius slid closer too. Albus felt his husband's chin on his shoulder. "I think six was our limit all along," Scorpius muttered. Albus grinned, listening to the kids' voices bounce around the room as they laughed and argued and threw pillows at one another. He looked over at Scorpius who was terribly close – close enough to smell the hot chocolate and liquor on his breath and the minty soap he insisted cleaned better than anything else. "I think it was," Albus agreed, and kissed him for good measure until the kids caught on and raised a chorus of "ew" and "gross" and "yuck" and a pillow collided with the side of Albus' face.