the bed, Daisy giggled. Dumbledore ignored them, focusing only on the girl in front of him. "Rosie, you're a Seer-" "We already know that," Marigold piped up, aggressively. "Also, that wasn't a question." He paused, then nodded. "Yes, you are right, I am an intruder here. I apologize, Miss Winslow, I'll try to be quick about it." Dumbledore folded his hands in his lap and leant back in his chair, closing his eyes for a moment. When he spoke again, his voice was steadier, clearer than it had been before, "In the past week, there have been a number of... incidents at the Ministry. Several high-ranking members of the Wizengamot vanishing without a trace, no word to their families or friends. Yesterday, Perseus Scrimgeour, one of those that went missing, was found in his office. Murdered. In his pocket, the authorities found this." He drew his wand from his pocket, ignoring the way Marigold stiffened. Gently, he tapped the tip of his wand against the milk jug and a burst of red light broke free, enveloping the object in a brilliant explosion. Dumbledore was not teaching Transfiguration without reason but he smiled indulgently when he heard Daisy gasp from somewhere to his left. The light faded and instead of the milk jug, a small silver coin had taken its place on the table. It had been pure coincidence that Dumbledore had been the one to find Scrimgeour, a dear friend he had only meant to visit briefly. After he had given the alarm and Aurors had streamed into the cramped office, he had been granted only a single glance at the coin, but it had been enough for the sight to burn itself deep into his mind. A black dragon, its wings bound with heavy shackles, breathing a wave of dark fire. The other side was completely blank. As the girls examined the coin, Rosemary extending a hand to run a single finger around its edge carefully, her face full of wonder, Dumbledore took a sip of his tea – and immediately came to regret it. The taste in his mouth reminded him of things he'd rather forget. Belatedly, he noticed that Marigold had turned her cup over, refusing any tea, and vowed never again to try anything that had been prepared by Rosemary Winslow. "What's this symbol?" Marigold asked and Dumbledore suppressed a smile. It was endearing to see her curiosity after she had been so eager to appear dismissive and disinterested moments before. It reminded him of his classroom. "I do not know," he answered candidly, "I have never seen it before in my life. But there are certain beliefs that are spreading, taking root in our community, and it seems they have reached even those at the very heart of it. It is no coincidence that the vanished wizards and witches are all known to be strong advocates of the Statute of Wizarding Secrecy. Certain people think that instead of hiding, our kind should take control over the Muggles, take back this world for our own." Dumbledore fell silent for a moment. "Many believe the time has come to show the Muggles their rightful place, one far beneath witches and wizards." "Grindelwald," Marigold said, her face expressionless. Her hands, however, were shaking. Dumbledore nodded. "I cannot say for sure that he has any connection to these crimes, but it is my personal conviction that where trouble goes, Grindelwald is not far." Marigold did not look convinced. "Be that as it may, if you're looking to have my sister tell you how to bring Gellert Grindelwald down, I'm afraid you've wasted your time. Her premonitions don't come on demand and I doubt she could manage what the entire Ministry has so far failed at. No offense, Rosie." "I don't think Professor Dumbledore is looking for a new prophecy, Mary," Rosie spoke up suddenly. Something about her seemed to have changed profoundly in the few moments that Dumbledore had taken his eyes off her. The almost endearing owlishness that was so characteristic of her had made room for a darker kind of detachment from reality, a vacant look on her pretty face that was as disconcerting as the fact that she seemed to know exactly why he was here. "I think Professor Dumbledore wants to know about a prophecy I have already made. Isn't that right, Sir?" He swallowed. "When we first met," he said softly and leaned forward, bracing his hands on the tabletop, "you were only a girl. But you told me something, something I have not been able to shake since, you said..." Dumbledore paused, realizing with a sudden start his own eagerness, his hunger for knowledge. He cleared his throat and forced himself to relax, just a little. He should not be giving this much away, not when every look from Marigold Winslow made it feel like she were seeing deep into even the darkest corners of his mind."You told me that there would be a time of darkness. When brothers turned against each other and even the sky would burst into flames. That time, that darkness... it is coming now, isn't it?" A beat of unbearable silence passed in which he felt as though the very world was holding its breath in anticipation. "I'm afraid you're wrong, Professor Dumbledore..." The girl's voice was faint and her eyes were focused on the air above his shoulder, as her fingers, frantically, began twisting the coin over and over in her hands. "It's already here." Author's Note: Well, I'm... not quite sure what this is? I've been working on it for some time and have the first two chapters written already, so hopefully they'll be coming your way in a little while. I'm actually extremely nervous, seeing as this is the first time I've ever shared any of my work, but I really hope you enjoy it and would like to read more! I'm always open for questions, just send them along to my tumblr ( .com)!