the boy got closer to Ron. Looking back at Dudley, Ron smiled. He wouldn't need to do the plan. "And what do you expect Piers to do when he gets Mr. Weasley, Mr. Dursley?" Professor McGonagall said her hand clamping on Dudley's shoulder. "Would you be planning to beat him up like you do your cousin?" Dudley looked up with a sudden expression of fear. Ron was sure that Dudley couldn't move with that grip on his shoulder. Ron couldn't when Professor McGonagall had come to the Burrow to discuss the move and he'd tried to get into the kitchen where his parents were discussing the move to Cackle Hall. "Mr. Weasley, your mother wants to see you back at Cackle Hall, to meet Mr. Potter," Professor McGonagall said. "Tell her that I shall be escorting Mr. Dursley home ... along with Mr. Porkiss, Mr. Goodlatte, and Mr. Warner." "Yes, Professor McGonagall!" Ron said swinging down from the top of the monkey bars, and landing on the ground in a crouch. He headed back to Cackle Hall, taking the shortest route he knew to one of the openings in the Hall's fence. To his great surprise he reached the back stairs entry just before the door closed behind his siblings, though apparently they hadn't spotted him. He opened the door, and jumped through it, only to be stopped by running into Harry. "Sorry mate," Ron said, somehow stopping himself from knocking into the thin messy-haired boy. Dudley Dursley was having the worse day he'd ever had. It had been perfectly normal until those gingers had distracted him and his friends from Harry Hunting. Worse, they'd apparently had a governess. Who had governesses these days? Especially evil ones like Minerva McGonagall? Dudley had found himself the last of the boys that McGonagall had escorted home from the playground. He'd stood beside the Governess, frozen in obedience by her glare, and listened to the concise and accurate description of his gang's offenses. The six-year-old just knew that he and his friends would never be allowed to go to the playground again, much less without supervision. They'd all be grounded until they were fifty, at least! Piers had even gotten spanked, right in front of Dudley and the Governess. And now, Dudley stood next to the Governess on his front stoop, as she rang the bell on number four Privet Drive. Dudley could not find the courage in himself to look up as the door opened revealing his mother. "Petunia, it has been quiet a while," the Governess said. "I'd hoped to speak to you under better circumstances, but a few minutes ago I witnessed your son and his gang attacking my charge. Perhaps we should have a few words together about that incident before renewing our acquaintance?" With every word the Governess said, Dudley felt doom closing in on him. It was not a usual feeling for the spoiled boy. His mother knowing this lady and the fact that he was the last boy to be taken to his parents left him no notion that he wasn't going to be punished somehow. He knew how Harry was punished, and had rejoiced in pawning off his punishment to his cousin. This time, he wasn't going to be. "Come in Professor McGonagall," his mother said, her face pale. She led them to the kitchen where they sat down at the table. "Before I go on to your son and his gang's misbehavior, Petunia," McGonagall began, "I must give my belated condolences on the loss of your sister. Lily was one of the smartest students in her year, and simply a joy to teach. All of Hogwarts was bereft at her passing. While I understand that you were not close at the time of her death, I do remember how close you were when I came to deliver her letter. The growing distance that comes from separate education followed by her loss with out reconciliation must have been hard on you." Dudley was surprised that his mother only nodded. His mother sniffled. She never did that. "Now as for your son, I witnessed him chasing two of my charges, the youngest two Weasley siblings," the Governess said. "Several times during their chase, which also included chasing your nephew and ward, he threw rocks at them. Twice a rock he threw hit the older of my charges, Ronald. Harry and Ginny managed to escape, but eventually they pinned Ronald up in the jungle gym. It was at that point that I managed to intervene. "I brought all four boys to their parents, yours being the last. I can say that none of them are likely to be coming to play with Dudley in the next few days. Without exception they are grounded." Dudley found his mother's glare to be quite uncomfortable. He'd never been under it before for more than a few seconds, as he'd been able to transfer his guilt to his cousin quickly. Somehow he knew that wasn't going to be possible this time. "Dudley Dursley," his mother said in a very flat tone. "You will go to your room and don't come down until your father gets home. You will consider yourself lucky if he doesn't tan your bottom." This was not supposed to happen. Dudley was supposed to get away with everything. He pounded up the stairs to his room as his mother's last command caught up with him "and no video games!" This had to be the worst day of Dudley's life. Are we going to find 'things' left behind by the Prewett twins by way of a legacy? Is the place haunted by ghost of a court fool? (Hieronymous Cackle - the most learned and trusted advisor to Elizabeth I )? What is lurking in The Well (the deep one out back. The one with the massive, stone cover, that is.) All these and other questions will be answered in the next installment of ... Laughing Manor ... or not.