years Harry's senior at most. Which meant he would have been all of twenty-two, if not younger, when the Voldemort sent his parents to Davy Jones. The anger that rose in Harry's chest felt like a living thing. For all that Harry wanted nothing more than to leap at the man and inflict whatever damage he could, even with his hands bound, there was the crew to think of. Harry wouldn't be able to do any real damage to the man before he was stopped. Riddle was vindictive, according to the rumors. It wouldn't surprise Harry if punished the crew for Harry's transgressions. He channeled his anger into working to slip free from the bonds around his wrists. It would be unpleasant and painful, seeing as Crouch had done his job well, but Harry was confident in his ability to work free. The lessons of all the various Uncles who had been in and out of his house had seen to that. "Lieutenant Potter," Captain Riddle said, staring down at him. "So you're the man who nearly ruined everything. Clever of you, to have figured out what we had planned." "I only wish I'd done it sooner," Harry replied with as much cheek as he could muster. Riddle's mouth twisted into a quick smirk. "Potter," he said, studying him intently. "Any relation to Lord Charles Potter?" Harry let out a huff of breath. So that was what Captain Riddle was after. Lord Charles Potter was his uncle, his father's older brother. The man was nearing fifty, and despite their best efforts he and his young wife Dorea had been unable to have any children. Leaving Harry as heir to the Potter estate, something he had no interest in being. All Harry wanted was to spend his life at sea. Ransom. Riddle was planning to ransom him. Harry was tempted to lie, but he knew Riddle's reputation. The man was cutthroat and ruthless and would no doubt do away with the entire crew of the Griffin as soon as he was finished gathering what information they had to offer. Riddle didn't take prisoners, save when they were useful to him. But he needed Harry alive to collect the ransom. Harry could leverage that. "My uncle," Harry said simply. "Making you heir to the Potter fortune," Riddle said with an unkind smile. "I'm certain he would pay a great deal to have you safely returned." That was undoubtedly true, as much as it galled Harry. Still, it was an advantage in this situation. "You're an officer, too. I trust you have experience in navigation?" "I spent two years serving as Master's Mate while waiting for my promotion from Midshipman to Lieutenant," Harry said. "Excellent," Riddle said. "It seems you are to be our guest, Mr. Potter." "What is to be done with the crew?" Harry asked. Riddle gave him a look, brow arched, but he answered. "The will be give an opportunity to sign the articles and join the crew," Riddle replied. "And those who refuse?" Harry asked. "Davy Jones is waiting for them," Riddle said with a cruel smile. Harry took a deep breath. "If you leave those who refuse to sign the articles on the Fluyt with a weeks worth of supplies, I will give you my parole," Harry said simply. "You are my prisoner, Mr. Potter," Riddle said with a raised brow. "Why on earth should I require your parole?" Harry brought his freed hands forward, letting the bloodied rope fall to the deck as he pressed the knife he kept hidden in his coat against Riddle's throat. "I'm somewhat unpredictable when bound by rope rather than my word," Harry said simply. Riddle stared at him for a long moment before he threw back his head and laughed. "You will certainly be an interesting addition to the Voldemort , Mr. Potter," he said, eyes sparkling with delight. "Have you any other demands?" Harry was sorely tempted to press his knife just a hair harder. That was all it would take to slit the bastard's throat and avenge his parents. That was all it would take to forfeit his own life, as well, as the lives of all his crewmates. "A vote on the council," Harry said simply. "If I am to be ship's master, than I want the rewards as well as the responsibilities." Harry watched with no small amount of satisfaction as Riddle gave him a look of genuine surprise. "You are remarkably knowledgeable about our ways for a Navy man, Mr. Potter," Riddle said, eyes narrowed. "And you're very inquisitive for a man with a knife at his throat," Harry returned with an unkind smile. "If you sign the articles, you will have your vote," Riddle said, studying Harry intently. "And those of your crew who do not sign will be left aboard the Fluyt with provisions enough to allow them to survive. You have my word as Captain." The words, witnessed as they were by the man's crew, were enough. If he broke his promise, there would be mutiny. A Captain was only as good as his word. Harry removed his knife from the man's throat and offered it to him, handle first. Riddle took it, before passing it off to one of his crew, who had gathered close the moment Harry had held their captain at knife point. Riddle's hand snaked out faster than Harry's eyes could follow, fisting Harry's hair and tugging his head back painfully as the man took another step closer, closing the space between them. "You're a puzzle, Mr. Potter," Riddle said, his breath ghosting across Harry's face. "A pretty puzzle indeed. One I will relish solving." The man held his gaze for a long moment before releasing him and taking a step back. "Crouch," he ordered, "take Mr. Potter aboard and have him sign the articles. It is time he became acquainted with his new ship." He met Harry's gaze one last time. "Welcome to the Voldemort , Mr. Potter.