to get them was to hunt down Sirius and force them out of him. Had he escaped prison to come after Harry for the Black lordship? "He escaped prison to get the title didn't he?" Harry asked slightly calmer. "That is what we believe yes, but he can't as he is still disowned." Draco answered grateful that Harry had calmed down. "So how would he be able to get back into the family?" "With you being the new Lord Black he could force you to bring him back into the family and then." Draco explained. "Then kill me so he can claim the title instead." Harry interrupted. "Yes and finally complete what set out for all those years ago." Delphi answered "He betrayed my parents, he betrayed me. There is no way in fucking hell I would allow that traitor back into the Black family. I will never hand over the one thing he desperately wants. I am the rightful Lord Black not him and I am going to make sure he never has it. Tell me what I have to do so that the traitor can't get his hands on the title." Harry hissed out in venom as he looked at his two compartment mates. Both Draco and Delphi smiled at each other, this was going perfectly. Harry was slowly opening up and slowly trusting them, listening to what they are saying if everything goes according to plan Harry will soon be on their side in his rightful place. "Our family can help you there Harry. All you have to do is agree to meet up with my mother and she will take you to Gringotts so you are able to claim the title of Lord Black." Draco told Harry as leaned back on the bench. "Why would your mother want to help me? We have never met." Harry asked "My mother and both my Aunts are Blacks by birth. It is so also their duty to help and support the current Lord Black." Draco explained to the raven haired male. Harry frowned he didn't like the idea that they are helping him because they had to not because they want to, "So, she's only wanting to help me because it's her duty." Delphi sighed, "No not all, she and my mother and other Aunt genuinely wants to help you. They don't want it falling into Sirius hands and he destroys what is left of the Black family, our family, your family Harry. The Black family is your family no matter how distant related we are." Family. The word ran through Harry's mind. That is all he ever dreamed of, a family no matter how distant related they are, but could he trust them especially the Malfoy Family and everything they have done well, mostly Draco and Lucius, after all he did try to kill Harry last year. Maybe he should try after all they did just tell him what he wanted to know about Sirius plus if he was going to be a Lord he was going to need help for that. "What will happen if I agree to take your mothers help?" Harry asked Draco. "My mother will arrange a time for you to take you to Gringotts so you can claim the Lordship for both House Potter and Black." Draco answered him. Harry sighed sadly, "I'm not allowed to leave Hogwarts, my relatives didn't sign my permission form in order to go to Hogsmeade and we all know that Dumbledore won't agree for me to leave." Delphini frowned, "Why didn't your relatives sign the form." "Oh…umm…I might have blown up my Aunt like a balloon, after she insulted my parents." "You did what!?" Both Draco and Delphi shouted. "OH Merlin that is funny." Draco laughed Harry laughed with them, "It is pretty funny." "I am sorry that your Aunt would insult your parents." Delphi said once she got her laugher under control. "Yeah, well thanks but I am used to my relatives insulting me and my parents whenever they can." Harry replied. Delphi was worried; she could tell that there was more to what Harry had told them. She could tell that talking about his relatives is a touchy subject for him and it would be wise that they didn't force him to talk about them until he ready. "So, do you agree to my Aunt helping you? I'm sure she will be able to find a way for you to leave Hogwarts right under Dumbledore's nose." Delphi asked hoping that he will agree. Harry looked at both Delphi and Draco he didn't completely trust them yet but he knew in time he might be able to especially since they had told him the truth about Sirius when everyone else was too afraid to. "Yeah I agree to your mother helping me Draco." Harry nodded his head not knowing that his life was about to change, that would put him a path that he never considered, the path he was destined to be on. Let me know what you think? feedback or any ideas are welcomed but please no story hating or flames. For those who have read Harry Potter and the New Destiny I am hoping to update that story soon. Here are some questions for you all: How dark do you think Harry should go? Should he be evil sometimes? I haven't decided yet how big the coven should be? One is having 7 members including Harry. He would have 6 wives. And they included: Delphini Riddle, Hermione Granger (who would go dark as well), Daphne Greengrass, Tracy Davis, Nymphadora Tonks and possibly Pansy Parkinson. Option 2 is having 13 members including Harry, so he would have 12 wives which would still the six females from the list above. Other six is still up in the air. Should Lily be a pureblood or a half blood? Should Hermione be a pureblood or a half blood? Should Harry be resorted once he arrives at Hogwarts?