slightly in reaction to them, but he soon had a smile back on his lips and tipped his hat to Hermione saying only, "I shall bid you two adieu and a very, VERY Merry Christmas!" He nearly shouted the last two words, much to Snape's dismay, before finally retreating through the door. "Well? What are you looking at?" Snape said to Hermione, whose face quickly went from one of great amusement to one of dread. "Go on, then, back to your classroom, then, and don't let me hear about you using anything more than one log in the fireplace per day. And no warming charms!" The Potions mistress retreated from his desk at an almost comical speed, but just before she reached the door, he barked, "Professor Weasley!" She froze in her tracks and turned. "Sir?" "I suppose you'll be wanting all of Christmas day off," Snape said bitterly. "Well, it is customary, after all, I have to go see my family and-" "I just don't understand why I have to pay for your leisure, especially when I already have to arrange for someone to cover your patrols," Snape grumbled. "Very well, but you'll be doing the early patrol first thing in the morning the day afterwards." Hermione's shoulders slumped. "Yes, sir." "Very well. You're dismissed, now." Hermione slammed the door behind her before he could say anything else, which was just fine with him, really. He'd just returned to the list and crossed out a couple of other inane activities (Wizarding Crackers? In this economy? There simply wasn't a budget for them), when the door opened again and he looked up to see that Pomona Sprout and Filius Flitwick had barged in, their robes decked out in what Severus supposed must be nearly criminally Christmas-themed robes. Pomona's cherry-red robes were trimmed with holly embroidery, and her hat had jingle bells attached to it that tinkled merrily along with the bells she wore around her neck and which also dangled from her ears. Flitwick, on the other hand, was wearing silver and golden robes so sparkling and bright that it nearly hurt to look at him. "Are you attempting to double as the topper for the tree in the Great Hall, Filius?" Snape asked, shielding his eyes. "I can see no other reason you would need to be so garishly attired." "Hmph," Flitwick squeaked. "If you must know, we are going around collecting money for the poor and destitute. As you well know, this time of the year we like to make a provision for those who must go without. What can we put you down for?" "Nothing." "Oh, so you wish to remain anonymous?" Sprout was looking at him with a frozen expression full of hope. "Tell me, is Azkaban full?" Snape asked, sneering slightly. "Why, no, but-" "And the work crews the Ministry has put together to rebuild? The tenement housing that they've provided for those left homeless by the war?" Snape stood, his face screwed up in disdain at the thought of such people, people who merely lay around waiting for someone else to solve the problems they'd brought upon themselves or those who were not resilient enough to pick themselves up when the slightest thing did not go their way. Well, tough cookies. Snape had spent his entire life struggling to survive against all odds, and he did not look favorably upon those who'd suffered a mere fraction of the injustice he had and yet expected someone else to pick up the tab for their laziness. "They do exist, but many do not wish to go there or cannot fulfill the stringent requirements. Some would rather die," Pomona said, looking at Snape with a mixture of loathing and disgust. "Well, then, they better hurry up and do it, as far as I'm concerned," Snape replied, his own sense of disgust filling his voice. "Life isn't a bunch of flowers and happiness. You have to work for what you want out of life, not expect for it to be given to you on a silver platter. Anyone attempting to tell you otherwise is a dirty liar and should not be trusted. We are not setting aside any of Hogwarts' funds, nor shall I contribute a Galleon of my own hard-earned money simply so that some lowlife can booze away his Christmas with someone else's money. Do as you will with your own funds, though I reserve the right to think you mad for doing so, but leave me out of it!" Both of the professors looked so shocked at Snape's tirade, that they stood frozen for a long moment before they turned, shaking their heads and muttering something that Snape couldn't hear. Not that he cared what they said. Dumbledore had run the school into the red every year he'd been Headmaster, often dipping into his own salary to pay for some of the more extravagant luxuries that everyone simply took for granted, and Snape was working with a constrained budget as it was due to the lingering economic aftermath of the war. Severus Snape was used to being hated, after all, but he was more used to surviving, even when it was against all odds. Hatred was easy- it was cheap. He wasn't invited to parties (except for Draco, but that was hardly usual, and he wasn't planning on attending anyway), and he never indulged in luxuries like Slughorn had. Other than his job, Snape had very little to use his funds on beyond the rare potions ingredients that he couldn't harvest from nature directly (and therefore cheaply). But that didn't mean that he was going to spend his hard-earned money on the wizarding equivalent of his drunken deadbeat of a father. 'It's fekking bollocks, is what it is," he grumbled under his breath, looking forward to the solitude of his quarters at the end of this long and irritating day. With any luck, he'd sleep late enough the following morning to nearly miss Christmas entirely.