felt raw. He had to think about the second a little more carefully. Breathing hurt, but not because it was breathing. It hurt because it involved moving. He thought any movement would probably feel the same. He gave a shrug and before slowly shaking his head. "I don't think anything's broken," Tom said at last, withdrawing his hand. Harry slumped over and let his head fall onto Tom's shoulder. He needed to know he wasn't alone. Tom tensed, shoulders stiffening, and Harry worried he'd managed to hurt him. After all, he wasn't the only one who'd been cursed. Tom's arm shifted and Harry felt like the biggest idiot in the world. But then the arm wrapped around him and settled tentatively on his shoulder and he let himself fall against Tom's side completely, relief swelling in him almost painfully. "That was incredibly stupid ," Tom said, but his voice was soft, and his tone was at odds with the words. "If you had just run when I told you to, you could have gotten away. Gotten help. Then we'd both be fine, instead of stuck here." Harry let his eyes fall to the dirt floor, cheeks heating, feeling small. It wasn't fair. He'd done this for Tom. Running might have been smarter, but Harry couldn't have abandoned Tom. He just couldn't've. "You should have run," Tom said. "But you stayed. Everyone in my life has left me. You stayed. You healed me and you pushed me out of the way and you stayed ." Of course he'd stayed. Harry couldn't have done anything else. He would never leave a friend behind. Recalling Tom's warning about his throat, Harry reached out and fisted his hand in Tom's robes, curling himself even closer to the boy beside him. Trying to communicate what he couldn't say with words, yes, but he just needed to be close to someone right now. Tears began to pool in his eyes as his day finally caught up with him. He'd been kidnapped. He'd been kidnapped by bad people who had hurt him. People who were going to keep hurting him, the way they'd hurt Tom. The sobs tore themselves out of his chest, his entire face was burning as he cried. He was sore, he was tired, he wanted his mum and his dad but they weren't there because he'd been kidnapped. He might never see them again. Tom's hand came to rest on his back, rubbing up and down in a soothing motion. Harry burred his head as far into Tom's robes as he could and began to sob harder. He cried until there were no more tears left to cry. Tom said nothing, simply rubbing his hand up and down Harry's back. It wasn't enough to stop him crying right away, but Harry started taking deep, hitching breaths, focusing on the warmth of Tom's hand against his back, on Tom's voice as he tried desperately to calm Harry down. He wasn't alone. This was scary, but he wasn't alone. At last, still sniffling, Harry slowly sat up. Tom was staring down at him warily, concern and confusion equally obvious. "Don't do that again," Tom ordered him. "I didn't like it." Harry let out a small, wet laugh, unable to believe what the other boy had just said. Of course. Tom didn't like that Harry had been crying. It had made Tom uncomfortable. That was what was important. Harry understood, suddenly. Tom had never had a friend before. The children at the orphanage had all been afraid of him and bullied him, and he'd been stuck with his family ever since. Tom didn't know how to care about other people, because other people had never cared about him. Harry would teach him, he vowed to himself. He would care about Tom, he'd show Tom that not everyone was out to hurt him. He would stay. "You're a mess," Tom told him, eyeing his face critically and lips pressed together in distaste. Embarrassed, Harry grabbed his glasses and shoved them at Tom, knowing they would be in the way otherwise. Harry reached for the edge of his shirt, but Tom reached out and grabbed his face first. Tom's eyes were narrowed as he tilted Harry's head upwards. Fabric scrubbed across Harry's skin, a little too rough as Tom used his own sleeve to rub the tears and snot off Harry's face. Tom's blurry face peered down at Harry once he was done. Tom nodded once to himself before he pressed Harry's glasses back into his hand. Harry put them on before giving Tom a look, allowing his expression to speak the words he wasn't allowed to voice. "My robes were already ruined," Tom said. "A little more mucus and tears weren't going to make a difference, not after you sobbed all over me." Harry gave the bloodstains, rips, and tears already present on Tom's robe a pointed look before looking back at Tom. "Which is why I didn't protest in the first place," Tom said primly. Harry snorted, but let it go. Instead, he leaned back against Tom's shoulder with a smile. He reached out and patted Tom's chest in a silent thank you. Tom's response was to wrap his arm around Harry once again, pulling him close. "It gets better," Tom told him. "Not the curse itself. That will always hurt. But the recovery afterwards, that part gets easier." Harry let his hands fist tighter in Tom's robes. Again. Tom was giving him advice about what it would feel like when it happened again. Because it would. That Tom had been under the curse often enough to be able to give him that advice made him as angry as it made him scared. "I can't stop them from hurting you," Tom said slowly, no doubt seeing how terrified Harry was. "But I won't let them kill you. I won't. And I promise you, Harry, one day we'll pay them back. We'll pay them back for everything."