not agree with Nerri's assessment? Dobby's skin was decidedly pale, apart from where the bruising along his jaw and around both eyes were very apparent. One arm was in a sling and both of his large, bat-like ears were heavily bandaged. Slowly, hesitantly, Dobby began to tell his story. "Dobby was able to get into Hogwarts okay. The wards felt different to Dobby but not strong enough to stop an elf. No one saw Dobby arrive, not He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named or bad dark men or professories or students. "Dobby found Lizzie in the kitchens. All the elveses were in the kitchens. But as soon as the other elveses saw Dobby they rushed at Dobby and began hitting Dobby. Dobby could tell that they didn't want to but elveses did it anyway." "The Hogwarts elves must have been ordered to attack any other elves that enter the castle," Moody grunted. "Yes, Mister Whizzy Eye," Dobby agreed with an emphatic nodding of his head that almost overbalanced him. "When the other elveses were hitting Dobby, they told Dobby what they could. It was the only way that they could rebel ." This last was said in a near whisper, awe and respect filling Dobby's voice. "What did they tell you, Dobby?" Harry prompted. "Hoggywarts elveses must hurt any other elves that come into the castle. Hoggywarts elveses not allowed to leave the castle for any reason or to go to any of the professories or students if they call, only He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named and his men," Dobby replied. "That scuppers that plan," Amelia noted. "That not be all that Dobby be learning," Dobby said. "Hoggywarts elves able to tell Dobby some of what has happened at Hoggywarts, too. Professory Snape is now Headmaster and the studentsies are locked in their dorms unless it be meal time or lesson time." "Has anyone been killed?" Moody asked. "Yes," Dobby replied, his ears drooping slightly even with the bandages. "Professory Plants and Filchy and cat, house elvesies say." Gasps could be heard all around the table. "What about Dumbledore? Did they say anything about Albus?" Minerva asked intently. "Not dead. Banished. Dobby not know more than that," the little elf replied. "Was there anything else?" Harry asked. "Did the Hogwarts elves say anything else?" "Dobby sorry, Master Harry Sir," Dobby replied, wearily shaking his head. "That was all that Dobby could learn." "How did you escape?" Croaker asked. "Dobby could tell that the Hoggywarts house elveses were trying not to hurt Dobby, only following orders. When Dobby learnt what he could, he simply popped home," Dobby replied. "The elves don't like this anymore than we do and did what they could to tell the outside world," Augusta summarised. "They are to be commended." "Wouldn't have thought that they'd have it in them," Moody grunted. "You'd be surprised exactly what house elves are capable of," Minerva retorted. "Stay here long enough and you'll learn." "Thank you, Dobby," Harry smiled at his friend. "Go back to bed and rest up. I don't want to see you up and doing things again until you're completely healed. Understand?" "Yes, Master Harry Sir," Dobby replied. With that, the three elves popped away. "Did you note that he said that they've changed the wards around Hogwarts?" Cyrus asked. "That matches the information that we have," Amelia replied. "It seems that Voldemort has added a ward that only allows a person to pass through them if they are carrying the Dark Mark." "That information came at great cost," Moody added, his magical eye spinning to pierce each one of them. "One of Croaker's men tried to sneak in to get some information. The wards fried him to a crisp." "So, there's no way to get into the castle? Or to get the children out?" Augusta asked. "Not saying that," Moody replied. "Only saying that people can't pass through those wards." "What about using one of the secret passages? There were seven of them originally – of course, four have collapsed but we could dig them back out?" Sirius suggested. Even before he had finished making his proposal, Remus was shaking his head. "Wormtail knows that castle and all of its passages just as well as we do," he pointed out. "Every one of those passages will be warded and guarded." "Hey! The Marauder's Map!" Harry blurted. "We can use that to at least have some idea of what's going on inside the castle. I've still got it; it's in my trunk." "Map? What map?" Moody asked, both eyes fixed on Harry. "James, Sirius, Wormtail and I created a map of the castle when we were at school," Remus replied. "It's tied into the wards and shows every room and passage in the castle. And exactly where everyone is inside the castle at any given moment." "Sounds like a useful tool," Moody acknowledged. "But that still doesn't help us rescue the children held hostage there," Augusta stated. "Nor the staff," Minerva added. "No, but it's a start," Moody countered. "Once we work out a way to get passed the wards, we'll have a way to move around the castle without being caught. Assuming that this map is as good as they say it is, of course." "Don't worry, it is," Sirius grinned. "The amount of detentions we avoided and pranks we pulled using it …" He trailed off at that point seeing the stern look and extremely thin lips that Minerva sported. "Looks like our focus has to be on finding a weakness in those wards," Moody stated. "And the subtler the better – wouldn't want to have to face the Dark Lord's forces if they know we're coming." "Not to mention the fact that they'd probably use the children as shields," Croaker added. That thought was enough to make everyone around the table pause and still into silence, a silence that was eventually broken by the old, grizzled auror who had seemed to have taken charge of the meeting. "Well, who's got some ideas?" he asked.