were children, and you were almost everywhere…" He groaned again. "Shut up!" She said smiling. "When we grew up we started to understand, unlike Weasley, that those stories were absurd. Even our parents shared our thoughts on the matter, and we wanted to see how much that was real, and how much that was a fake." Daphne began again. "And this evening… this evening you have been awesome Harry!" She was completely excited and her eyes sparkled like two blue gems in the night. "You managed to stand your ground, to not cave in like you usually did in the past." "You even told McGonagall and Snape to shut up ! I so wanted to kiss you there! And then when you showed you hand to the stupid Gryffs, that was amazing, and Johnson will regret hexing you first!" "Ah, so it was Johnson . Maybe because she was one of the seventh years in my old House to put her name in the Goblet?" "Yes, and then the golden shield, and what you said after!" Astoria added excitedly. "And don't forget what you did with the Goblet, it was awesome!" "I really hope that right now you are not thinking that I am even more like what you have read in those stories…" Daphne smiled, a sweet smile on her lips, and shook her head. "No Harry, this evening you showed everyone, even the blind ones, that you are a person with your own strength and morals, and who will not be pushed around anymore. I am so proud of you, you know." It was the first time in all his life that someone said that to him. It filled him with an unknown feeling, an extremely good one, and he feared that something would burst from the inside. "Shit Harry, now that I remember, that bitch cut your fingers, we have to do something!" Harry smiled at Tracey. "Don't worry girls, another couple of minutes and I will be all right." "What?!" Was the collective scream from everyone else around him. "Well… do you remember when I said to Dumbledore that I was the monster that he helped to create?" "Yes. You were referring to your scars. If I can get my hand on those muggles…" Daphne was seething with rage at the thought, clenching and unclenching her fists. "To tell you the truth… not really." "What are you meaning…" Tracey was silenced when he brought up his mauled hand. His ring and last finger were missing and it was a gruesome display. But what they saw after would remain etched in their memory forever and ever. "Merlin… I… I don't know what to say." "Tell the truth, Daphne. I have accepted it long ago." He sighed sadly. "I am a monster." "NO!" Her outburst shocked him. "You are not a monster Harry! No no no! You are the Harry that I always dreamt on, that I longed for, and I do not care about this or other things." "You are Harry! Simply Harry!" Those words were the ones that Harry wanted to hear since he was thrown inside the Wizarding World. Since he was damned with the Boy-Who-Lived legend. To be only a normal boy. Only Harry. Everything crashed on the spot. He cried, loudly, suddenly, releasing all the pent emotions that he had inside him, stored for years and years. He cried for his lost parents, who gave their life for him, he cried for his lost and traitorous friends, he cried for all the expectations put on him by everyone, and he cried for the affection this new girl who was squeezing him like he was about to disappear showed him. It was the release he needed to continue his new path. Little Lily was crying for her father. This part of the story was always the most painful and at the same time the most beautiful for her to hear. It showed that her treasured daddy loved her mummy, and loved her and her brother. Daphne was trying to comfort her, emotions rolling off her like waves. She could never forget that day, ever. It was always at the forefront of her memories, as one of best memories in her life. They were comforting each other when Harry came in the room, with a sleeping boy on his hip. "Daphne, love, is everything ok?" Daphne looked up towards him and smiled through her tears. "I was telling her our story, Harry. We were in the Chamber." Harry smiled as the memory came out again. "It was a good day that one." "It was a perfect day Harry." He could not say anything against that. It was a perfect day indeed. Harry embraced his family. How he got this lucky, he didn't know. But he would be damned before something happened to those people who were the very life for him. "Everything is fine, Harry." END OF CHAPTER ONE Chapter Released on 15/05/17 - Edited on 20/05/17. A lot of the reviews and PM's pointed the fact that the first meeting between Harry and the girls was strange, confusing, or with things happening too fast. I completely modified it and changed their background (which will be further explored in future chapters). It should make more sense now and give out a better feeling. I also added more details to the scene in the Great Hall, along with correcting some minor grammar mistakes. This concludes the first chapter of this fanfiction, 13k words excluding the two AN at the beginning and the end of it. The story will cover all the Goblet of Fire book (and movie), mixing elements from both. I hope that the next parts will be as long as this one, and that I will be able to mantain a good update schedule. I'm still in college, so do not expect regular updates unfortunately. I hope that you liked it! Don't forget to leave a Review! See ya at the next one! Ciao!