houses; try to remember that when speaking so crassly in a public area." Lucius bit out through gritted teeth. "I don't know how to act like a Lord." Harry hissed. "I didn't even know about it until a few hours ago!" "It was purposefully kept from you, I have no doubts certain…people, were involved too." Harry's eyes narrowed. "What do you mean?" "The Weasleys are blood traitors, but they're still a Pureblooded family, do you really think that they didn't know that you should be Lord Potter? Foolish they may be, yes, but even I can't believe they're that ignorant." "So Mister Weasley has a seat too?" Harry asked his mind was already running around too much information to take anything else in. Lucius Malfoy let out a small, short, sarcastic laugh. "Of course not, they're blood traitors, Potter. When they renounced their blood, they renounced the Lordship of their family too." "Why don't you like the Weasleys?" Harry asked in a flash of courage. "It can't just be that they're blood traitors." Lucius gave him a look and sighed. "Catch up, Potter. I have no wish to shout my business up and down the street for all the shoppers on Diagon Alley to hear." Harry jogged a bit to catch up and stood by Lucius Malfoy's side, matching him stride for stride as best as he could, the Malfoy Lord had seriously long, slender legs. In fact everything about him was long, slender and elegant. "You doubtlessly know that all Pureblood families are interrelated." Harry nodded, giving his full attention to Lucius Malfoy as he listened intently. He'd always been so curious to know why the Malfoys hated the Weasleys and he hadn't felt comfortable asking Mister Weasley and asking Ron only garnered him a furious tirade about 'those evil Slytherin bastards' which left Ron red faced and him still not understanding the situation. "My great-great grandmother Amorette Malfoy married Lord Bilius Weasley, back when they were still a respectable family, if you can imagine such a thing." "What happened?" Harry asked as he sensed how… sad the man next to him seemed. "He dragged her down and into the mud and he utterly humiliated and disgraced her. Malfoys…we're not known for our fertility, Potter. Most of us struggle to get two children, why do you think Narcissa and I only have Draco?" "I thought that maybe you only wanted the one. Believe me, Draco's more than enough for any parent to handle." Lucius shook his head. "No, we are infamous for our lone child pregnancies, male or female, it doesn't matter, we are…cursed almost, with low fertility, but Bilius Weasley wanted more children. More than the two Amorette could give him, the two smart, beautiful children that she almost died to give him. He blamed her for their lack of children, quite rightly, but it was not her fault, he knew that Malfoys struggle to conceive, everyone knew, but he was enamoured by her beauty and overlooked all of the important qualities. He had a secret affair with a Muggle woman, completely disgracing Amorette and the Malfoy family; he had four further children with the Muggle. Amorette was broken hearted and she died not long after she finally found out about her Husband's affair nearly twelve years later, upon which Bilius Weasley finalised his complete and utter disgrace of her and the Malfoy family by marrying the Muggle whom had given him four additional children and bastardising the two children he'd had with Amorette. The Black family, out of respect for the Malfoy family, actually disowned a daughter when she married Septimus Weasley despite what his Grandfather had done to my own family." Harry scowled. "That's terrible. I can understand wanting children, but if you love someone, you deal with it. You don't just go out and have an affair just to have more children. That's despicable!" "I am pleased that you see things from my ancestors' side. After that the Malfoy family swore a feud with the Weasley family until such a time that they disowned Bilius Weasley from their family for what he'd done to our family; they have thus far refused to do so, so the feud carries on to this day." Harry went silent, thinking fast and hard. He was only just realising that things weren't always what he'd thought they were. He'd thought that the Malfoys were just snobby, stuck up pricks who bullied Mister Weasley merely for his lack of money and ambition; he'd had no idea of the story behind what had started their feud. He was ignorant and he was beginning to think that maybe Hermione had the right idea; books contained all sorts of information and as Mister Malfoy led the way into Flourish and Blotts, Harry promised himself that before he went back to Hogwarts, he would do his best to read every single book he bought here today, even if there were twenty of them. A/N: So this is my brand new story. It's currently 60,000 words long, so I haven't gone into this with nothing behind it, though I am still writing furiously for this plot and for The Rise of the Drackens, I'm working on the both of them together, so hopefully neither of them miss out. Those on my author Facebook page have had the chance to preview this story and eight lovelies have seen a lot more and read it through for me. I am happy to say that they were all pleased with it, which has given me the confidence to post it today. I hope you all enjoy it and I can tell you that the second chapter will be posted in two weeks, as The Rise of the Drackens is going to be updated next, on the First of October, until then, I hope you've all enjoyed the start to this new story and I hope that you will let me know what you've thought about it, StarLight Massacre. X