of her finger, incanting as she did so. It was a fitting choice. Her blood filled it to bursting with her willingly-given vitality. Once the circle had been completed, it filled with a dark liquid that pooled dark and viscous around her ankles. Hermione could feel the heat and wetness against her bare legs. As the ritual dictated, she was completely naked, a crown woven of holly and vines resting on her head. With Thorne in her arms, she danced, turning, kicking, and singing the ancient ritual in a hot-blooded voice that seemed to come from outside of herself. She'd read that blood magic was heady, for it came from the heart and not the mind, but the experience of it was beyond any pleasure that she'd ever felt. She was raw, open, and her emotions swirled freely around her in a way they never had before. It pulled power from what she'd always considered a weakness—her fallible, human heart. Hermione could feel her body shifting, the sensation of the book in her hands heating and folding in upon itself until it, too, had changed. Hermione squeaked with surprise as whiskers wiggled against her cheeks, and she kicked her webbed, furry feet, speeding her deep under the circle's watery depths; a raw, beating heart clasped carefully between her forepaws. The water darkened and she swam for what seemed like forever. The heart glowed and beat surely in her paws, its voice whispering in her mind. Not far now , it said. Keep going, you clever, wonderful witch. Hermione did a backflip in the water at the praise she'd received, her keen eyes spotting a bright light below her. A small form was curled up tightly and encased in a giant air bubble. His limp body floated, his eyes closed tight. As she watched, he shifted with a horrible pained cry and changed form. A blue heron. A tiger. A skunk. A python. A seagull. A snail. A trout. Still, he slept on. The painful sounds wrenched from his form were the only reminder that he could feel every crack and jerk of his body rearranging itself. The heart in her hands leapt towards the bubble prison. Hermione squeaked and paddled with her back flipper-feet as quickly as she could. The buzzing pleasure of the blood magic was still coursing through her veins. She rammed into the bubble and passed through it easily. Standing on her wobbly hind legs and using her tail to balance, Hermione lifted Thorne up to the floating body and pressed with all her might. Dark fluid pooled around the heart, slithering up against the chest of the unconscious wizard. As it touched him, his body shifted into an otter, his fur mirroring her own glossy coat. The wetness pried apart his chest, showing a hollowness under his ribs where his heart should have been. The heart knew what to do, slipping deftly inside the cavity. Hermione could hear Thorne's voice sigh with pleasure as he reconnected to the rest of his body. "Thorne!" Hermione cried, but he was gone. The wetness receded, sealing up the otter's body as though it had never been there. Hermione grabbed the otter in her front paws and pulled him through the bubble into the dark water. She could not bear to leave him, not now that she knew the truth about Thorne. The darkness bore her home, and soon she was standing in the shallow pool of her blood magic circle. Stepping out of the circle and into the grass, Hermione's otter body melted away into her human form. The sudden weight in her arms told her that she wasn't the only one who'd been transformed. She fell to her knees and dragged him as far as she could go. Then, she lay panting on her side in the grass, savoring the sensation of the night air on her aching body. The moon still shone brightly enough for Hermione to get a good look at the man lying unconscious beside her. His black hair fell over most of his face, highlighting his pale, hooked nose. Hermione's eyes were wide as she caught her breath. "Professor?" He opened his eyes and gasped in horror. Something seemed to hit him and he staggered back, clutching at his chest. "What—have you done?" He choked out the words, his eyes squeezed shut with the pain of it. When he reopened his eyes, Hermione could tell that he'd been listening to a voice that she could no longer hear. "I returned Thorne—your heart — to you, so you'd better take better care of him this time, or I will not hesitate to take him back." Hermione's voice was cool. She did not know if the cruel wizard before her would care for the young heart he'd taken from his own chest and banished to the bookshelf decades ago—the heart she'd grown to love. He was silent for a long time, staring at her fearfully. When he finally spoke, she could hear his trepidation, but his voice did not falter as he said it. "He— I am already yours, Hermione." His voice was Thorne's voice; he was speaking from the heart. When he gathered her into his arms in the exact way that she'd always dreamt of being held, Hermione could feel something shift and correct itself—her mind, her body, her heart . "I've been broken for a long time," she confessed, her heart growing light, "but your heart healed me." "No," he said, and she could feel the truth of his words rumbling through her body, "you healed yourself. You just needed the support to allow you to do it." Hermione's eyes grew misty. "Now, look. I'm getting all teary-eyed, you dolt. You really are a thorn in my side." He smirked, his eyebrow arching at her in a way she'd only ever dreamt about. "Oh, is that so?" "Naturally," Hermione replied, her lips whispering against his, "and I wouldn't have it any other way."