each other. He's my best friend, and I can talk to him about anything ." Lily poked out her lip. "I thought I was your best friend…?" "You're my best girl friend." Lily tilted her head from one side to the other. "Fair enough, I guess." She picked up a bottle of nail varnish from the stand next to her bed. "Have you spoken with Vanity recently?" "No," Talli answered, curious why Lily would bring her up. Vanity was her godsister (Talli's dad was Vanity's godfather, and Vanity's dad was Talli's godfather). The two girls also shared a birthday. "I haven't seen her since the summer." Lily snickered, carefully applying a bit of the green varnish to the nail of a thumb. "She confessed to me that she has a crush on your brother!" " What ?!" Talli giggled at the news, but then she quickly scrunched up her face in disgust. "Eww! That's nauseating!" "Well, not really…" Lily said as her eyes went out of focus. "He is pretty cute, and really nice—" Talli threw a pillow at Lily to stop her from saying anything more. "I don't talk like that about your brothers!" she shrieked. "Well… who would?" Lily cackled at her joke. "So which boy would you talk like that about?" she asked in all seriousness. "I don't know…" Talli shrugged. "I never thought about a boy like that." "Not even the ones at your school?" Talli shook her head. "All they do is spit at you with wads of paper and tease you. You know, like James." Lily rolled her eyes. "Boys are so immature." "Yes, they are!" "Except for Scorpius," Lily said with a dreamy sigh. "Don't start that again!" Talli warned. "I'll use something more solid to smack you with!" "Kidding!" Lily held up her hands in defense. "I was only kidding!" "Good." Talli relaxed some. "It's Vanity who you should worry about, she's already thinking about marrying him." Talli gasped. " Marry ?!" "Aye, marry , and have his babies and everything ." "Oh, Merlin!" Talli smacked her forehead. "I'll have to have a talk with her!" "What are you going to say, 'Keep your hands off my brother!'?" Lily rolled her eyes. "I doubt Scorpius is even interested." Talli nodded. "If he was, he'd tell me so. He tells me everything." */* For another three weeks, Scorpius struggled with getting Simon to talk again. The boy just refused to. If it wasn't for the amulet, Scorpius would have given up, but it was his duty to help Simon now. He just needed a break from the task. The professors were piling him up with a bunch of work, and he was having difficulties keeping up with it. He wanted to help Simon, but he also needed to study. He'd never hear the end of it if he didn't score high. Both of his parents had been top students when they were in school (practically competing with each other for the top position), so they would not expect any less from him. He couldn't let them down. "Mr. Granger-Malfoy!" Scorpius snapped his head up, rapidly blinking. He's eyes were blurry with tiredness. He instantly remembered that he had been in Potions class. "Yes, Professor Lockberry," he asked somewhat sheepishly. "I asked you a question, would you mind answering it, please." "I missed the question…" Scorpius mumbled in embarrassment. "If you hadn't been drooling on your desk, you wouldn't have! I suggest an earlier bedtime tonight." "Yes, ma'am," Scorpius acknowledged above the quiet snickers echoing around the room. "After detention though. 7:35. Right here in this very room." "Yes, Professor Lockberry. I'll be here." "You best be. Else I'll be forced to take 50 points from your house!" she warned him stiffly before turning back to the lesson. Scorpius avoided the dirty looks from his housemates. Professor Lockberry wasn't one to mess with points. She neither awarded or deducted them, so being the first to get points deducted from her would definitely be a bad thing. Saturday came again. Scorpius went to use the mirror once more, but after three searches, and taking everything out of his trunk, he was saddened to learn that the mirror was missing. He sat on his bed, dumbfounded and slightly devastated that he couldn't talk with his family. After thoroughly thinking about it, he took a guess on who may have taken his mirror. Scorpius wasn't one to point fingers though, so he didn't want to go around accusing anyone of stealing anything until he knew for sure. He asked Edgar, but Edgar would never steal, so of course his friend said he didn't know where it was. Dallas and Warren also denied having it, with Dallas saying that the object was useless to him since it didn't channel his own family. Warren still only missed his dog. "It would seem silly to mirror-talk with a dog, wouldn't you think?" And that left Simon. How was Scorpius going to bring the subject up to him? Simon was awfully sensitive, and Scorpius didn't want to upset him, but he really needed his mirror back. Scorpius got out some stationary supplies and began writing a false excuse on why he couldn't talk to his family at this time. He didn't want his father to know that he had lost the mirror, so he lied and said he had to study. Talli was going to be the most upset with this news, even more when the mirror wasn't going to 'ring' that night, and it would take two days for Weetoo (his bird) to deliver the letter. But there was nothing he could do about it. He just hoped he could get his mirror back soon. AN: Anne Marie Green has her own story. You can read the one shot posted on this same profile. *INFO DUMP* Edgar Weasley is Ron and Susan Bones's son. I reply to all reviews at the end of every chapter (unless they are uber trolls).