she never talked about him. I only ever saw one photo." "I'm sorry," James said. He looked it too, Ainsley realized, and so she continued. "I always thought she drove him away. I mean, we know she's evil." James scowled, obviously thinking of how she'd crippled his brother, but said nothing. "When she went to Azkaban, the Ministry started looking for him because technically I'm still a minor until next week. And they found him, living in Lyon, and explained the situation. And he promptly relinquished his parental rights and made it clear he wanted nothing to do with me." "What?" Ainsley shrugged in feigned nonchalance. "He hadn't seen me since I was a baby," she told him. "I don't know what I expected." James reached out as if he intended to take her hand, but thought better of it. "I'm so sorry," he repeated. "That's –" "It is what it is," Ainsley interrupted, getting to her feet. She hadn't discussed the matter with anyone but Draco, who had promised instantly that she'd always have a home at the Malfoy Manor, and reminded her over and over again that she was family to both him and Scorpius. Ainsley wished desperately that her cousin was here. James jumped to his feet, dusting himself off quickly. "You have to know that it's his loss," James said quietly. "Anyone who knows you would agree." Ainsley said nothing and busied herself organizing the silverware tray, acutely aware that James was watching her. They stood in silence until James placed a hand on her shoulder. "You deserve to start over with the Malfoys and your friends – people who actually care about you." "I don't have many friends left after my mother's trial," she admitted. "You have Scorpius and Albus. And Lily likes you – though that may be because she's jealous of your hair." Ainsley chuckled and slipped the tray into the drawer before using scourgify to clear debris off the counter. "And I don't see Scorpius and Albus going anywhere, so that kind of makes you part of the Potter-Weasley-Grangers. I'll make sure you get your honorary Weasley sweater this Christmas." "That's not necessary." "They're quite fashionable," James reminded her, and she smiled up at him, though it didn't quite reach her eyes. "I'm sure you'll have all the Hufflepuff boys fawning all over you." Her own father hadn't wanted her, and her mother couldn't set aside her pureblood agenda long enough to consider the consequences her actions could have on her only child. Ainsley was certain most of the students at Hogwarts would steer clear of her during her seventh year, the Hufflepuff boys included. "I don't think many of the Hufflepuff boys are interested in a neo-Death Eater's pureblood daughter," Ainsley admitted. "Besides, they're all so…" "Nice?" "Boring." She leaned into the counter, looking down at her hazy reflection in the marble surface, wishing once again that she looked less like a Greengrass. She'd give up her straight features and smooth honey brown hair in a heartbeat if it meant she could pass as anything else. "Just as well," James said, leaning back on the counter and folding his arms. "Gives me more of a chance at convincing you to go out with me." "Oh, really?" Ainsley looked at the wolfish grin on his face – the only feature he shared with his brother. "Of course. Just because you've thus far ignored my invitations for drinks, a trip to Hogsmeade, dinner in London –" he ticked off the requests on his fingers "flying in the countryside and that party out at Finnigan-Thomas' house doesn't mean I've given up." Ainsley blushed and subsequently hated herself for it. "I thought you'd have moved on," she conceded. "That is your modus operandi, isn't it?" "Perhaps it was previously," James conceded. "But I'm determined to make you like me." Ainsley shuffled her feet. "It's not that I don't like you, James," she muttered. "It's not?" James asked, surprised. She looked up at him again, feeling short, small, and ineloquent all at once. "Of course not. It's just…" Ainsley looked away, focusing instead on a cluster of mugs waiting to be shelved. "A lot has happened. It's a lot to take in – a lot of change." "I can wait," James said. "You'll find I can be patient as well as persistent. I once took a week-long vow of silence in an effort to get a new broom." "How did that work?" "It didn't, but my parents did gain a new level of respect for my stubbornness." Ainsley couldn't help but laugh at him, nervously playing with her bracelet once more. "Take as long as you need," James said, his voice suddenly serious and heavy. "I'll still be here." "Thank you," she whispered. Harry, Ginny and Draco had gone down to the kitchen to receive some celebratory Butterbeer upon completion of the final guest room, but stopped short when the stumbled upon the scene in the kitchen. James had been an excellent consoler when his siblings and cousins had cried as children, but Harry had never seen him use those skills on anyone outside the family. The three stood outside the door, hidden from view, and listened to the end of James and Ainsley's conversation with parental curiosity. Ginny stifled a laugh at James' reference to his childhood silent protest, sharing a grin with Harry. When the pair left through the other side of the room so Ainsley could show James what she'd done with the rear patio, Draco folded his arms and looked at Harry. "What the hell is it with your sons and these Greengrass children?" he asked, aghast. "I have no idea," Harry admitted, his hands raised in surrender. "What is it with those Greengrass kids and the Weasley boys?" Ginny retorted. She and Draco locked eyes, staring each other down until all three started laughing. "Damn Weasleys," Draco said, shaking his head and sauntering into the kitchen. Harry grinned. " Exactly ."