paint can without looking. He'd worked with drawing them out of his bag the night before so that he could tell which paint was which by feel alone. The base of the mural came along fairly quickly, though he had a few smudgy sections in his haste to pull the stencils down before the paint had set enough. He also was a bit uneven near the end on paint thickness, but it wasn't all that noticeable unless you were looking for it. Snape was looking for it. In fact, it was the first thing he commented on after Harry, drenched in sweat, had collapsed onto his bum after shouting, "Done!" "It's a start," Snape said, rubbing his thumb and forefinger together thoughtfully. "You know, you're not altogether terrible, Potter." "Thanks, I think," Harry replied breathlessly. "More than you did before, that's for sure," Snape said with a wry smirk. At Snape's request, Harry called his business partner the next Monday. And unmarked van showed up at the rendezvous spot, which was on a rather sad street corner. "Why did you come alone with us again?" Harry hissed at Hermione, who was standing next to him. "Perhaps she is allergic to ginger," Snape drawled from his wheelchair. Hermione went scarlet. "That's...n...not true…Ron is nice and all, but he...I...don't really want to talk about it." "Don't think that you two are going to loaf around my home, though," came the sour reply. "You'll pay rent and earn your keep or it's out you go." "Don't tempt me to push you to the top of a hill and let go," Harry growled, pushing the wheelchair into the ramp on the back of the van. "See what I have to put up with, Hermione?" Snape said, looking to her for validation. "You're both being idiots," she replied with a sniff. Snape snorted. "Well, she's right, I'll give her that." Lucius side-eyed the two young adults that Severus brought along with him, but they seemed to be trustworthy enough, so he held his tongue. Severus could use the help, after all. The man was fairly banged up, and his ankle was still fairly swollen. Luckily, his personal doctor gave Severus a full bill of health other than the ankle and a few other deep bruises, which would heal with time. "He wants to be my apprentice," Severus had said with a smirk as he inclined his head at Harry, who was sitting with Hermione near the front. "Poor sod. And the girl?" Lucius replied. Severus shrugged. "Not sure, yet. I may have mentioned my library, though." Lucius snorted. "Leave it to you to meet the one woman who's more interested in your library than your substantial lack of charm." "Speak for yourself, old friend," Severus replied. "I happen to have an immense amount of untapped charm. I simply choose to use it sparingly." " Very sparingly," Lucius quipped, earning a swat on the shoulder Harry stared at his latest creation. It wasn't bad , but it lacked... something . "And what is the message to your latest attempt at art?" Snape's voice drawled from behind him. Harry didn't jump. He was used to his mentor sneaking up on him at random intervals at this point. "You know you shouldn't be walking on that leg. Hermione will give you hell for it." "Has it ever occurred to you that perhaps she simply enjoys giving people what-for, regardless of what it's about?" Snape replied. "In any case, I agree. You're missing something. The message that drives your image. Otherwise, it's just a bunch of visual input without anything to make sense of it." Harry didn't hear Snape leave, but he could feel when he was alone once more. He stared at his work again, his eyes screwed into slits as he concentrated on Snape's advice. "I wouldn't have asked you to cover for me, but my ankle is apparently worse than expected after the x-ray," Snape said, as Harry readied his thermal optic suit. Lucius had helpfully fitted Harry for one a few weeks after he'd settled into his "apprentice" role. "It's not hard. We already have the stencils and the blueprint set up. I'll be in and out, no problem." Harry nervously checked the cans of paint in his bag and shifted his bag from one arm to the other. "Good luck, Harry," Hermione said, hugging him. "I'm painting a wall, not going off to war, Hermione," Harry said, blushing slightly. "I'd take it if I were you," Snape said, "You need all that you can get." It was in the papers. He was being heralded as the Prince's protege. "I'm not a protege. I'm my own man," Harry muttered over breakfast. "You just keep telling yourself that and maybe one day it will be true," Snape snarked back. "You two really are incorrigible," Hermione said, shaking her head as she served the eggs. They fell into an easy routine. Snape was the grouchy master. Harry, the starry-eyed yet bitter apprentice. Hermione supported them both however she could, though she also spent most of her day with a book under her arm. Eventually, they all got to the point where it seemed as though it had always been this way. Snape never fully healed from his injuries, at least not to the point where he could nimbly dodge the law on one of his jobs, so he began to devote himself to design while Harry devoted himself to the actual business of making art. Hermione went back to school and got a degree in modern architectural design, helping to put up buildings that just happened to find themselves bestowed with lovely, unique, often political murals bearing the Prince/Thunderbird signature. Thankfully, Harry had learned rather early on that Flashboy just wouldn't cut it as a proper moniker. Life wasn't perfect, of course. Nothing ever is . But, just like art, life is a work in progress, and everyone knows that one cannot rush greatness before it's ready.