Ginny whispered to Harry. "So, so, Auror training is vigorous but worth it. Although the best parts of my day were when I got to see you," he tucked her hair behind her ear. "That's sweet" "Are you staying tonight," he whispered. "Yes and I didn't sneak out," she lightly kissed him on the lips. "Let's order I'm strived," said Ron opening his menu. -Flying carriage somewhere over Japan- Ginny was still getting over how amazing Tokyo was and mostly the fact that she was there. Poor Ginny from Ottery St. Catchpole never got to go anywhere. She and Harry were currently in the back of a carriage going out to the country. The Snitch was going to be released in about an hour they wanted to make sure they didn't miss it. "Thank you, thank you," Ginny said clinging to Harry. He laughed, "You're welcome but it's not like I did much, someone gave me the tickets." "Who" "Mr. Thickness" "That was nice of him." "Something came up last minute and he asked if I wanted them. After I finished jumping up and down in my mind, I then pictured you jumping up and down so it seemed like a good idea," he explained. "I'll have to think of a way to thank you tonight." "I know exactly how you can thank me," he leaned in and kissed her on the neck. Ginny closed her eyes, "as good as this feels I think we're about there." "Not quite," he said not relinquishing his kisses. "We're slowing down," they wobbled a bit as the carriage hit the ground. "I suppose we are there," he pulled away from her, "remember where we left off." "Oh believe me I will." Harry opened the door and climbed out and then he reached back and helped Ginny out. They made their way towards the stadium. People who had been camping out were on their way as well. It took a few minutes but one person pointed at him and shouted something in Japanese and that was it. His presence was known. The stadium security was nice enough to help with the situation and made sure Harry and his guest made it inside. Harry pulled out their tickets and the man collecting them pointed them in the direction of the top box. Security walked them all the way to the top, people calling Harry's name and things in a language he didn't understand. They were smiling and waving excitedly so he was sure they weren't going to attack him. Harry smiled nervously and waved back, he hated all the attention but he wasn't one to be rude either. "Mr. Potter," a garishly dressed gentleman immediately captured Harry's hand when they entered the top box. "I'll go find our seats," Ginny excused herself to allow Harry to make small talk with whoever that was. There were three rows of chairs by the front of the box. Each seat had a name on it. Given there wasn't one for Potter she assumed the one's that read Thicknesse were theirs, they were front row center. She sat down and waited for the match to begin. "So you and Harry" Ginny looked to her side, Oliver Wood had sat down next to her, "Yeah." "I honestly never saw that coming." Ginny smiled, "neither did he." "So how long has this been going on?" She looked at him curiously, "what's with all the questions, I haven't seen you in years and when we were in school together I think we've only shared like three words." He smirked, "when I saw you yesterday I got the impression you want what I have." "Excuse me" "Playing time, you want to be first string," Wood said knowingly. "I didn't get into Quidditch to sit on the bench." "Well then a bit of advice, possess Harry." She looked at him confused, "you want to take over his body." He laughed, "I suppose in our world you can take it that way. I meant claim him, let the world know he's yours. I'll see you around Weasley," he stood up and left. Ginny stared after him. She didn't know what he was talking about. Sure she and Oliver weren't chums but she never knew him to speak in riddles. As far as she was concerned her world knew Harry was hers. "Sorry about that," Harry sat down next to her. "I talked to that guy for five minutes and I still don't know his name." Ginny chuckled, "was he nice?" "Very" "Well then that's all that matters… it's about to start," the President was in the box across the field from theirs. He had just stood and pulled his wand out. He put it under his chin and began to speak. His voice echoed throughout the stadium, he announced the start of the game in both Japanese and English. On the way out of the stadium the photographers seemed to congregate in order to get a shot of the boy who lived twice. It was an ambush of flashing light. It was making it hard to get out. He was getting a lot of attention and a couple things occurred to her. Sara and Ann were right about her attire and Wood told her to claim him. Ginny took hold of Harry's arm. She acted like she was trying not to lose him in the mass confusion. Harry maneuvered his arm to get Ginny's hand down into his. Who's that Girl? Harry Potter was in Japan for the World Cup this past weekend which was postponed a year due to the war against Lord Voldemort. Harry enjoyed the luxury of watching the game from the top box. The question on everyone's mind is… who's that girl? He left hand in hand with a red haired girl who looked as if she just rolled out of bed and went to the match. Who is she and will someone please help her. The Skeeter Report "Quidditch 101"