fortune." Harry shrugged. "They did. But I knew that they were something that you'd always wear, and that's precisely what you need to do if they're going to protect you." "How could a watch protect us?" Vernon asked suspiciously. "Magic," Hermione replied simply, making Vernon drop the watch. Leaning forward, Harry picked the watch back up and placed it on the coffee table between them. "I've had one single enchantment added to them," Harry explained. "They will act as something called a portkey. Basically, it means that if it is ever activated, it will take you from wherever you are to somewhere safe, even from the other side of the country." Petunia's head seemed to be on a pivot, constantly switching her gaze between the watch and her nephew, someone her look said that she'd never seen before. "If we're in danger, this will take us away to safety?" Petunia asked slowly. "Yes," Harry replied. "Did … did she have something like this?" Petunia asked. "She did," Harry replied, knowing that they were now talking about one of those taboo subjects that he'd never been allowed to ask about as a child: his mother. "The difference was," Hermione picked up, "that Voldemort knew a way to stop it from working. But since you are all … normal, he won't think to try to stop you because he won't be expecting you to have this." Petunia nodded in understanding. "What … what makes it, er, work?" Vernon asked, staring at the expensive watch in front of him. "I've made it word activated," Harry replied. "Unless you say the right word, it'll never activate and will just be an ordinary watch." "What word?" Vernon asked suspiciously. Reaching into his pocket again, Harry pulled out a piece of paper and handed it over. "If you say that word – don't say it now – the watch'll take you to safety." "Exactly where is this place you keep talking about?" Vernon asked, passing the paper across to his wife. "Potter Island," Harry said. "There's a school there and the best defences that can be made." "And us," Hermione added. "We'll be there, too." "Is it a school for … you lot ?" Vernon asked gruffly. "You know, like the other one." "Mostly, yes. Although we also learn some of the same sorts of subjects that Dudley would learn at Smeltings," Harry replied. "What about Dudley?" Petunia asked. "Are you going to give him something to keep him safe, too?" "Yes, I've got a watch here for him, too," Harry said, patting his pocket. "It'll work with the same word." "Well, if your lot are coming, then you better go give it to him," Vernon said gruffly. With a nod, Harry stood, Hermione a heartbeat behind him. "Stay safe, Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia," Harry said. And, without another word being said, the two teens made their way outside. They'd hardly reached the walk before Hermione whirled on Harry. "Those ungrateful sods! You're trying to protect them and they didn't even say 'thank you'," she groused. Harry gave her a lop-sided grin. "They kinda did, in their own way," he said. "How do you figure that?" Hermione asked, staring back at the house. "They kept the watches even though they know that they're magic and told me to give Dudley his," Harry shrugged. Hermione stared at him, her mouth opening and closing noiselessly. "So, how are you going to find your cousin?" she finally asked. "Oh, that's easy," Harry replied. "He'll be at the park." / ( 0 v 0 ) \ "Which one's your cousin?" Hermione asked. She and Harry were currently standing on the very edge of the small Little Whinging park. Most of what was there was in a bad state of disrepair. One of the swings was broken and the other looked to be on its last legs. The slide was mostly bare grey metal and the seesaw was badly bent, causing both ends to lean towards the ground. But it was the group of kids that had Harry and Hermoine's attention. There were eight altogether, six large boys that looked to be about their age, and two smaller ones that the bullies had surrounded in a semi-circle. Peering between the two ring-leaders, both massive tubs of fat, Harry saw a boy who looked to be about ten or eleven trying to shield a smaller girl who could only be his sister. "The giant tub of lard who looks like a pig in a wig in the middle. That's Dudders," Harry replied. Hermione didn't have time to reply before the gang's voices' drifted to them, cutting off their conversation. "You don't really think that you can stop us, do you, Marky-boy?" one of the bullies asked in a sing-song-type voice. "Yeah, come on, Evans. Do the smart thing and hand it over," the voice Harry identified as Dudley's ordered. Harry and Hermione shared a look before, together, they strode forward. Exactly what they were going to do, Harry wasn't sure, especially without magic to back them up. What he did know, though, was that he hated bullies and he especially hated the feeling that just seeing this group brought up in him. Every time and every way that Dudley's gang had chased him and beat him up when they were growing up raced through his mind. And there was no way that he was going to allow them to do that to some little kids. / ( 0 v 0 ) \ A/N – While playing football (soccer) the other day, I was involved in a really heavy tackle. The result is a small fracture in my elbow and my arm in a cast for some unknown length of time. This means that I am down to typing one-handed using my non-dominant hand. Expect massive delays between updates for the foreseeable future, although I do promise to continue to do my best to get them to you as often as I can.