own. The first airships had been dirigibles using massive gas bags filled with hydrogen or helium. However, these ships were consider useless for military use seeing how the gas bags were so vulnerable to being punctured along with the fact that they could handle extreme weather conditions. The discovery of galleon gas followed by the discovery of how to create it without having to extract it from the flying land masses would soon change the way airships were built. William Bowen, Ronald Weasley's adoptive father, would become the father of the modern airship. Obtaining a shipment of galleon gas, he set to work into a developing a strong metal buoyancy tank to hold the gas instead of using fragile gas bags. The first test had been on the cast iron tank alone. When it was filled with galleon for the very first time it shot straight up into the air like a rocket, nearly taking its tether and the man holding it with it. With this discovery, Bowen proceeded to the next phase of his tests by bringing in a decommissioned sailing ship designed for the ocean and placing the same tank inside. The special gas lifted the entire wooden ship with ease with the tremendous weight decreasing its ascent velocity only enough to keep it from shooting into the sky. By this time the Mage Division of Avalon began to take a great interest in William Bowen's experiments and when the next test came several of the Grandmasters attended to bear witness. This time the ship was fully loaded with canon, supplies, and a full compliment of crewmen as a normal sailing ship would. Again, the galleon gas lifted the ship into the air with the additional weight doing very little to decrease its ascent velocity. The final tests were given when Bowen decided to give the ship wings and have it fly in the air in three different experiments. Designing a new kind of wing and tail made out of aluminum, the new airship made its maiden flight using only its wings and sails for its first experiment. Next, piston propeller engines were mounted below the stern along with a specifically designed fuel tank placed inside bellow the buoyancy tank. The engines were used as a means to give the ship additional speed when needed. Armored plating was also added to both the hull and upper deck to give it additional structural strength. Finally, the ship was fully loaded canon, supplies, and crew for week long air trial. This test would prove the ship's airworthiness in extreme conditions, from its full weight to its handling of stormy weather conditions and from firing its cannons to taking damage itself under enemy fire. All three tests were not just successful, but phenomenal. William Bowen's experimental airship using galleon gas was an incredible success. It could fly even in bad weather and it could stand and fight while taking punishments. Before long, King Roland III gave the approval for a fleet of airships to be created for Avalon. After discussions with the Navy, the Admiralty decided to let the Grandmasters of the Mage Division form the new fleet since flying was a major part of their history. Thus, the Avalon Air Fleet was formed. The news of the new military force caused phenomenal stir among the mage community in Avalon. Every mage wanted to be a part of its construction. Before then, mages had never played a major role in the military. They had been mainly used as special agents to deal with magical forces. Outside of that, mages were seen as either teachers, scientists, or entertainers. The creation of the Air Fleet now allowed mages to escape those confines and be able to serve king and country. The Grandmasters chose the flying island of Hope as the base for the new air fleet since it was right near Camelot and in a short time it would the home of the Air Fleet. Airship designer William Bowen and other designers would soon make their home here designing ships for the new fleet. Ronald Weasley had been one of many child mages who had dreamed of joining the Air Fleet. As he and his pilot flew over to the island until they were right over the top of it, Arthur saw the several dockyards on land being used to construct the ships, something he had done many times when he was a lad. First the keel was laid down on a land base dry dock and the buoyancy tank was placed on top in the center. Then the structural skeleton of the ship was built around the tank, forming the shape of the ship. After the masts and armored plating was installed, a series of tests trials that were based on William Bowen's experimental tests. First the tank was filled to see if the ship would float properly. Then the wings, tail, and engines would be installed to see that the ship flew properly. Once it passed both those tests, the ship was commissioned and given a name before being moved over to a floating air dock. Ron shifted his attention from the dry docks to the air docks. Several ships that had passed their test trials were now stationed here with their wings folded, a later innovation by the late William Bowen designed to help save space. They were now being painted in their navy blue, white, and silver livery with the gold Avalon royal crest painted on the tail. At the same time, jolly boats and flyers(personnel that flew on their brooms) were bringing supplies and equipment over to prepare the ship for its shakedown trials to test it worthiness as an warship. It was here that Ron would soon find his new command. Just as he had that thought, Finnigan said, "There she is, sir. The Excalibur ." Ron followed the direction the pilot gestured to… and his heart stopped as he saw her for the very first time.