the boy's hand, Hermione pulled him up the graveyard hill. Her fingers curled around his palm as they reached higher. She tried to remember the last time she visited; but she couldn't. What she could remember was standing about ten gravestones away from his own because her feet felt as though they had sunken into the ground. That was last year. His birthday. Sighing, Hermione had managed to convince herself that tonight was different. Tonight would be a special night for her. For them. She glanced at the boy following behind her while he counted the headstones that they passed and smiled. She remembered how he used to tell her that he would've loved to see their children look like her; but when she first held onto the little boy in her arms, she laughed at how much he had looked like his father. The little boy said, "Mummy? Are we there yet?" "Almost there, baby. Just up the hill." They climbed. The little boy kept following his mother until they reached a large headstone under a large Oak tree. Harry had asked her once where she wanted to bury him; but Hermione cried, and said, "Bury him someplace that gives life. He gave us life. He deserves as much…" So, the Order buried him under an old Oak tree at the far end of this cemetery while the rest of those who died at the war was buried next to each other. "Mummy? Why is my Daddy's name on that?" Hermione sighed. She fought her tears before kneeling in front of her son, her little boy, and said, "Because he saved us all. He gave his life so that you could live in a safe world, Scorpius. He saved Uncle Harry's life and Uncle Ron's and Aunt Ginny's… and mine." A tear slowly slid from her eyes. Scorpius lifted his own hand and ran the pad of his thumb against his mother's cheek to wipe the track of her tear. "He loved you as much as I love you. He would've been so happy to meet you. To see you right here." "I love him too, Mummy," the little boy said. Hermione smiled. Wider, this time. She slipped her hand into his tiny hand before facing the headstone again. She looked at his name engraved on the stone, the date of his birth and death, and the quote from Nietzsche that he so loved to read to her at night before they fell asleep. She remembered him. She would always remember him. Suddenly, she felt her four-year-old son tug at her hand. She looked down and noticed that he was looking at something else. She hitched a deep breath as soon as she saw what he was looking at. An aging Narcissa Malfoy stood in the little patch of moonlight slipping from the holes of the treetop with the same expression in Hermione's face. The woman wore a long black robe that hid the clothes underneath it paired with black low-heeled shoes. Narcissa stepped forward. Scorpius hid behind his mother's legs as the old woman walked closer. But he heard his mother say, "It's okay, Scorpius. She won't harm us…" The old woman halted. Hermione placed her hands onto her son's shoulders in assurance as she stared at the woman standing in front of her. She hadn't seen Narcissa Malfoy since the war. But she'd heard stories, of course. The Ministry had pardoned her for the crimes she had committed as per Draco's request before he died, and reduced her sentence into a three-year house arrest. Hermione wondered if this was the first time she visited Draco. The woman spoke, "You named him after a constellation?" Slowly, Hermione looked down at the boy hugging her legs. His tiny hands gripped onto her thigh as if he couldn't hold onto her tighter. Then Hermione glanced up to the woman again and said, "Yes. Draco had mentioned that it was a family tradition…" Narcissa bent, leveling her eyes to meet the little boy's. The little boy cowered behind his mother but kept his head peeking at the side. "Hi, Scorpius. I'm… Narcissa. I'm happy to finally meet you," the old woman said with a warm smile. "Say hi, Scorpius," Hermione said, nudging her boy to say something. "Hi," the little boy mumbled sheepishly. Narcissa giggled in adoration as she heard the little boy's greeting for the very first time. Hermione looked away. She tried to breathe as her chest began to tighten again. She swallowed that lump in her throat that blocked her airway— Narcissa sighed, "Ms. Granger, if you would allow me to reconnect with you and your son, I would be very delighted to take you out to dinner." A pause. When Hermione looked back, she met the woman's eyes—the same color as Draco's—and exhaled. "I love my son. And I know that you do too. For that I am eternally grateful. This child is the only family I have left in this world. Please don't take him away from me, too." "He's not. I am too," Hermione said, her voice cracking with emotion. She held onto her son's small hand, pulling him from her legs, and told him: "Scorpius, this woman is your Daddy's mum. She's your grandmother, and she'd like to take us out to dinner. Would you like that?" The little boy looked at Narcissa, then back to his mother, and whispered, "She looks exactly like Daddy from your photographs." Hermione giggled with a nod, "She does, doesn't she? So how about it, then?" Scorpius turned toward the older woman—his grandmother—and extended his hand for her to hold. Narcissa took it in hers, clasping her fingers around his like how his own mother held him. With a glance, Hermione gazed upon the large headstone planted under the tree. She gulped before a hand reached out to trace the engraved letters under her fingertips. She smiled, a genuine one, and whispered, "Thank you, Draco, for everything." FIN