redhead cooking something edible in his kitchen - he now had the most unspirited Weasley brother lying on his couch and opening up about his private life like he was a patient, and Draco was a shrink. "Malfoy?" "Huh? Oh I'm sure you've got some redeeming qualities in you," the handsome Slytherin said. "What does Hermione see in you, Malfoy?" Percy insisted. "Come on, I want to know because I want to be able to use that trait too. I mean, after all, we do look alike right?" As if on cue, Crookshanks started heaving, possibly choking on a hairball. "Crooks? Crooks… you all right, boy?" Draco asked, his voice rising in panic. "Stay with me, mate. You can't leave me!" The floo activated one after another. He closed his eyes and wished for Merlin to send him a quick Avada as he heard the voices of no other than Scarhead and Hermione talking behind him. "Harry, what are you doing here?" she inquired. "Ginny brought our son to your flat." "Ginny's here?" "And Percy," someone called out from the living room. When the brunette finally saw him lying on the couch, he waved at her. "Cheers, Hermione!" "Hello, Percy," she greeted while she looked around for any more guests. "All right, we're back!" Ron announced as he and James surfaced from inside the second bedroom. "Oh look, James, your daddy is here… and so are Auntie Mione, Uncle Ferret and Uncle Percy," Ron told the precocious toddler, who babbled happily upon seeing more people in the room with him. Crookshanks cracked an eye at Draco, who now looked like he was going to faint. The old feline snuggled up to his owner's boyfriend. Yes, the idiot could be a handful sometimes, but he was a good person. If he had only listened earlier. "Food's ready!" Ginny Potter announced, stepping out of the kitchen excitedly. "And it smells heavenly, too! Malfoy, I can't wait for you to ask Hermione -" Ginny stopped abruptly when she saw a room full of people, including Hermione, staring at her. "Ask me what?" Hermione asked. "Uh… Ask you what you think of the food," Ginny responded awkwardly. "Oh, what do you know, it's time for us to go home, Harry. Come on, get James and let's be on our merry way. Bye Mione, Owl me!" Hermione watched in confusion as the Potters walked to the floo and disappeared into the emerald green flames. "Well, I best be on my way, too. I have a date with Padma," Ron said, excusing himself before looking at Percy. "You coming, Perce? Parvati's tagging along. She's single." At that, Percy's ears perked up, and his eyes lit. "Ah, well, it's time to turn on the charm then," he said, standing up. "Malfoy, thank you for being a gracious host." When the two gingers were out of their flat, Hermione looked at her boyfriend, who sat on the couch with his hand on his face. "Are you okay, Babe?" she asked, walking over to where he was. He sobbed, "It's ruined!" She knelt in front of him, held his hands, and took it away from his face. "What's ruined, Babe?" "Valentine's! This! My surprise!" The curly haired healer frowned. "A surprise?" "Yes, my surprise for you!" he exclaimed, "Tonight, we were supposed to have a nice home cooked meal, and have wine and cheese outside by the balcony… and I wanted to do something after." She raised an eyebrow quizzically and then she stood and walked to the balcony. Hermione opened the door to reveal what Draco had been fussing about. "Oh Draco," she sighed. "This is perfect!" "You really think so?" he asked, standing up and following her out. Hermione nodded and looped her arms around his neck. "And you know what else is perfect?" He shook his head. "This. You and me," she chuckled, standing on the tip of her toes to plant a kiss on Draco's lips. He was on cloud nine… Almost. He saw his girlfriend close her eyes and lean in. Just before their lips met, he whispered, "Marry me." Hermione's eyes shot wide open, and her arms fell on her sides. "What did you say?" Draco cleared his throat, knelt on one knee, and presented her with the Malfoy engagement ring. "Hermione, you are the love of my life, and I would like nothing more than to be with you forever. Will you do me the honour of marrying me?" Draco saw the tears escape from her eyes. He could tell just by looking at this beautiful woman he's been privileged to call his, that her heart was swelling. "Yes, my love! Of course I will marry you!" she exclaimed. He stood up, slipped the ring on her finger, and kissed her. She wrapped her arms around him, and convinced him to go onto the balcony to the makeshift bed. "Let's put this bed to good use," she winked at him. "Uh, but aren't we eating first?" "Draco, since when did we follow the natural order of things?" she teased. "Besides, I've always wanted to make love under the stars. If you're up to it, that is." Draco grinned at his fiancée, who was currently sitting on the bed, waiting for him to join her. He took one quick glance at Crookshanks from the balcony door. "Thank you," Draco mouthed at the old cat, who gave him a quick nod before standing up and walking out of sight. "I suppose you're not in the mood now that we're engaged," Hermione said airily. "Just you wait, love," he said, joining her in bed and pulling her closer. "I bet I can make you say yes to me again." "Oh, I really wouldn't be so confident," Hermione baited. But Draco made good on his promise. There, on Valentine's, under the stars Draco got his fiancée to say yes to him over and over. Thanks to a few meddling Weasleys, and one very bright feline. Fin.