"Can I help?" . . . It's the weirdest thing Draco has ever done, and he has done some pretty weird things. Wiping soil from his hands, smudging them on his cheeks, Draco pants heavily as he leans back next to Granger. She's grinning, red in the face, heavily flushed from exercise as she sniffs precariously, wiping her brow from the sleeves of her robes. She opens her mouth breathlessly "That was-" "Bizarre?" She shakes her head, giving him an exhilarating smile "- Fun." The funeral service has long been over, everyone has left and the sun has already set- and for some reason, Draco feels that inexplicable urge to smile. For absolutely no reason whatsoever other than the fact that he's in Granger's company. "I didn't think this could feel so satisfying." she says, eyes still on the ground they've filled. The surrounding field is a mess of snow and uprooted grass and mud- but Draco doesn't care as he sits down on a particularly cold patch of snow "That feeling of putting someone to rest, to be in peace. I really thought it would've been the opposite." He rolls his eyes "Trust you to bring an optimistic outlook on burying someone." She smiles at him "It's why you do this, isn't it?' He decides not to look at her, and looks up at the night sky in the chilling darkness instead "Perhaps." She turns away again, and stands there quietly. Even though he wouldn't admit it in a million years, Draco is observing her- drinking in her every curve. Every feature of her hurts, like a shooting star straight through his then there's that urge to just reach out and pull her onto him. She laughs out loud- bringing him back to the world, and it's the most musical sound he's ever heard. "I'm exhausted" she surveys the tool in her hand peculiarly "This is heavier than it looks." "Really? Big, strong brave Gryffindor tired from a little shovel?" he mocks, a smirk pulling at his lips "I always knew you were never one for physical labour, Granger." "Please, I'm tougher than you. I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth." He shakes his head. He doesn't mind the bickering- the small taunts and jibes- or the mud and filth sticking to his skin in dry, uncomfortable patches. A shower can wait. Everything else can wait when he's with her. "I think we can both agree that I'm not that brat anymore." And against the silvery sheen of light, the Granger that turns to look down at him is breathtakingly beautiful, despite the snow and dirt in her hair and the dry smudges across her cheek. She smiles. "I know you aren't."- and something about the way she smiles when she says that makes his heart explode into a million fireworks. She extends him a hand- maybe to offer to pull him up, but he can't help taking hold of it and pulling her down. With a yelp, Granger falls forward and lands gracelessly on his chest. He cushions her fall, eyes locking onto hers, his right arm curling around her waist, clutching the thin fabric of her robes, fingers tracing the small touch of skin he can sense breath is falling on his lips and she looks bewildered, brown eyes wide in shock. But she doesn't move away, and Draco- for half a second- leans forward. He can feel her closing in...and then clench in fear, and he stops. She's just broken up with Weasley. Now is not the time. He can't - he isn't- he grits his teeth tightly, eyes clenched shut. He is so painfully aroused- so ready to just forget about everything and kiss her and pull her into a hug and never let her go but he…. can't. It's not the right way- it's not the proper timing. She's afraid….she might say that nothing effects her, but she needs time because Merlin only knows if he's going to do it, he's going to do it right. It's Granger. He sighs, and with every last ounce of self-control left in him, slowly backs away. He can feel her breath falling on his lips like soft, velvet mist and she smells like warmth and feels like home…and he can't. Not like this. "I….." his voice is a mere whisper, and he looks up to see that her eyes are open, and she is looking down at him with a kind of emotion he can't quite put his finger on. Her gaze is like milk, features smoothed over by the darkness around them. "….We should-" he clears his throat "-We should head back. It's getting late." "What- oh!" she blinks, and then flustered and taken by surprise, backs away and jumps to her feet, smoothing her hair down, cheeks pink. "Right! Of course, we should- it's- I have to go home. Right." He doesn't move for a second, sitting on the wet patch of snow and taking in how good she looks. What did he do to deserve having her enter his life and completely turn everything upside down? He is not used to this- this kind of open expression of care from anybody. "Draco?" she turns to look down at him "Are you coming? " He takes a deep breath and jumps to his feet. Not now. "Yes " I'm going to do this right. . . . A/N: So this...was part one! :D Part two will be coming up sometime next week, for sure :) Please excuse any typos or grammatical errors that I might've overlooked, I'm very sleepy, and it's really late here. I'll make sure to go through it once again and correct those mistakes next time. Please tell me what you guys thought! Was it too abrupt? Weird? I love constructive criticism, and thank you so much for dropping by! Check out my other HP stories and p lease review, it means so, so much to an author! ~SS~