how much Harry tried to act invisible or divert his attention to something else those eyes were always there, watching him closely. Snape thought that he was up to something unsavoury and until Harry stopped being so jumpy and nervous, he was unlikely to stop, but Harry was just so worried that Snape would figure out that he was a Dracken that he couldn't control it, he needed a dominant, he couldn't face off against Snape on his own, not now that he had come into a submissive inheritance, not when he was concentrating so much on making sure his scales and wings wouldn't just appear one day in class for everyone to see. It was Halloween night and Harry had no interest in attending the feast. Instead he was taking full advantage of everyone else being at the feast to let his Dracken side out for the first time in two months. He was deep in the forbidden forest, the moon, though not quite full as it was waning, was very bright tonight and lit the way for the young Dracken as he weaved his way through the undergrowth. Not that he needed the light, as a Dracken he had excellent night vision, but the moon was so big and beautiful tonight, Harry was glad that it was there to light up the sky. After walking steadily for over thirty minutes, Harry deduced that he was far enough away from the school and called his Dracken features forward. It had been so long since he'd been able to and now that he could finally do so he felt the instantaneous bliss of letting go. His hair, his scales, his wings, his claws and his fangs all made their appearance. The white scales that covered his wings and grew in patches on his face, neck and hands glowed dimly in the moonlight. It was a beautiful sight to see, not that anyone was there to appreciate it other than himself. Now that the liquid relief of letting his Dracken appearance out had diminished, there was something else that he had been wanting to take care of for the past three months, tasting raw meat. Opening his new enhanced senses wide he listened for a specific movement. He could hear squirrels in their nests, owls hunting for their breakfasts, rabbits nibbling on clovers, mice scurrying along in the underbrush and then he heard what he'd been listening for, hoof falls on the leafy ground. About thirty yards ahead of him were four deer. In an instant Harry was off, running with lightning speed and before anything else registered he had sunk his fangs into the jugular vein of a small doe. He wasn't strong, or experienced enough to go for a buck; he'd leave that to his dominant mate. The three remaining deer had scarpered, bounding off into the forest. The deer that Harry had latched onto kicked in an effort to free itself and he swiftly sliced through its neck with his claws, silencing it for good. The taste of blood was intoxicating and Harry could hardly keep himself from moaning aloud. Using his claws and fangs he tore off chunks of the still warm flesh and devoured it. It was the most delicious thing he had ever eaten and he couldn't get enough. He crouched down and dug in, tearing away at the hide with his fangs and claws to reach the tender meat underneath. Halfway through his meal though, Harry stilled instinctively. He cocked he head, listening, ignoring the rivulets of blood pouring down his neck from his chin as he tried to puzzle out what had disturbed him. There was something out there. His head snapped itself to the left and he growled menacingly. The growl that answered him was a deep, earth rumbling growl that shook him to his core. Harry shrank back. The figure that stepped out from behind the group of trees at the edge of the clearing he had chosen to eat in was tall and slender, but that wasn't what troubled Harry. No. He was a dominant Dracken. The first thing that Harry noticed about the Dominant was his wings. They spanned at least twenty feet and they easily dwarfed his own, which he pulled in tighter to cocoon himself, to protect himself. The next thing that Harry noticed was the man himself. He was tall at approximately six foot three and was very muscled for such a slender body; he was not wearing a shirt. Scales done in bottomless obsidian and a deep dark amethyst were scattered over the man's wings, olive scales picked out over his bare, tanned skin that Harry could barely make out. His hair was as black as his scales and was chopped into layers that just covered his ears. His face was smooth and strong, angular and exotic looking. His slanted indigo eyes were cold and hard, but filled with warming lust as they devoured as much of Harry's skin as they could, lingering on his face and especially at his neck. This man took the breath from Harry's lungs, took the oxygen from the very air around him and as Harry took a deep, shuddering breath, the Dracken opposite him made his move. A/N: Please help me reach my goal of 6,100 reviews once more, you can even leave a one word review if you want to, I just want this version of The Rise of the Drackens to be as much loved and successful as the original that was pulled down from this site, otherwise it was all for nothing and I don't ever want to end up abandoning this story. Thanks to all of my readers on Facebook, who have kept me calm and made me laugh over this mountain, you're all amazing and I can't thank you enough, whatever scenes or events you want to see, just ask, I know who you are and I will gratefully indulge you! StarLight Massacre. X