"You idiot! YOU'RE, not your!" Albus Severus remembered when he first got this wand. Harry took him to Diagon Alley and to the wand shop, but all the wands were too expensive, so they had to settle for going to the dollar store, hoping to find a much more inexpensive wand. He had found one called the 'Evil Stick'. Reluctantly he purchased it even tho it looked like a little girl's toy. When he peeled back the aluminum cover of the shape at the end of the wand, there was an image of a demonic girl with big red eyes staring at him. She was cutting her wrist. He had forgotten until now that his wand was just a cheap toy wand gotten at the dollar store. So this had to be purely a battle of wits now. Albus ran blindly to the other end of the hallway, all his fear flooding back to him. He put on his invisibility cloak. Oh that's right, I ripped this thing when I was in the weight room, to protest against my fitness professo r. He was invisible except for a large tear-shape of himself. So it was about 50 50. Voldemort 2 sensed him and ran after him. Luckily just after Albus Severus ran up the flight of stairs it rotated to another direction. Voldemort 2 ran up the stairs after it changed. Albus Severus was still hidden. Voldemort 2 still had not detected him yet since he was on the other side of the stairwell. Albus ran thru the following hallway blindly, and into the girls' bathroom. I want to hide in here for the rest of my time here at Hogwarts and see if there is any kind of surveillance spell so that I can still learn stuff from my classes while I'm here. Except P.E. Then he remembered his wand was a fake. Oh wait, I can't do that. Once the coast was clear, Albus ran down the hall and entered the Slytherin dorm, not caring in the slightest. Voldemort 2 was in there. He aimed his wand at Albus. "Avada Kedavra!" Albus had to think fast. He saw a spider on the floor in front of him. He kicked the spider up like a hackey sack and it flipped vertically thru the air as the cantrip made contact with it just in the nick of time, sparing Albus. Albus speedily collected every pillow in the dorm room and dropped them out of the window, forming a safety net. "AVADA KEDAVRA!" Voldemort 2 tried again. Albus posed in front of a fruit fly just in time. There were enough fruit flies in the room to make Voldemort 2 accidentally hit them while Albus was dropping the pillows out the window. And then once he mentally calculated how many he'd need to sufficiently break his fall, considering his mass and the acceleration of gravity, he climbed onto the window sill and jumped, aiming his body toward the pillow pile. Unfortunately for him, Voldemort 2 was one step ahead, or so it seemed. He teleported himself right outside and turned all the pillows into Lego bricks right after Albus jumped. Fortunately, Albus had anticipated Voldemort 2 trying something like that, so he reached out and grabbed the tree branch to break his fall. This was why he chose one of the windows closest to one of the tree branches. Voldemort 2 was right underneath the branch, and the branch bent low enough for Albus to strike Voldemort 2's head with his shoes, buying Albus a little time. Albus ran along the train tracks of the Hogwarts express. Unfortunately, Voldemort 2 wasn't far behind, riding high above in his flying black van. Albus saw the shadow and ran over to a rocky cliff, hoping to find a rock big and light enough that he can hurl it upward and hit the engine. He grew more and more frustrated and frantic that he couldn't find any. Then the van landed and Voldemort 2 got out, wand pointed threateningly at him. "Any last words before I kill you the same way Snape killed Dumbledore?" "Yes," Albus said. It's now or never. "Fidget spinner attack!" Albus yelled as he chucked his fidget spinner like a ninja star, hitting Voldemort 2 square in the forehead. He fell backward into his black van, causing a bruise on his he could have another chance to learn what was going on, Albus yanked Voldemort 2's wand from his hand, slammed the door on Voldemort 2's foot, and teleported a bunch of propane tanks in the rear seats of the van. And then Albus Severus pushed the van, with Voldemort 2 in it off the edge of the cliff. After the van landed, the propane tanks began exploding one by one. While he was laughing, Voldemort 2's charred hand blasted upward from the wreckage and landed in Albus Severus's open mouth. Albus Severus screamed like a girl and promptly spit it out. The burnt severed hand was burned down to the bone, with blackened skin kinda hanging off. He had recorded all of this on his Genius Phone. Albus headed back to Hogwats to show Harry the good news. "I'm proud of you, son. I can't imagine ever saying 'there are times I wish you weren't my son.'" Harry then got back on the hitmen for hire site to do more stuff, then rushed into Spaceley's office to use a stunning spell on him while he took over the PA system. "Attention students! I have hired hitmen on all of you so you'd best be on the lookout for dark arts to defend against. That is all." Harry began smoking his social media platforms that he ordered off the Silk Road. A few minutes later he decided to check on everyone. All the students in the entire school were dead, except for Albus Severus obviously. "Oh my. Well, I hope I don't get arrested for this," Harry said rather casually.