expect that – things could eventually be again as they were before." Her mouth rounded in surprise. "Where are you going?" "On another mission for Dumbledore, but for longer this time. So, truly, it would be better –" "That's not an answer," Tonks growled. "Remus, where are you going ?" "Does it matter where?" "It matters to me!" His resolve to protect her from the dangerous details was crumbling. Remus closed his eyes for one brief moment and sighed. "I will be trying to gain acceptance to live full-time with one of the British werewolf packs. The one in Scotland." "What!" Tonks yelled. Her glass slid from her shaking hand, skidding wetly across a pool of condensation on the table. "You WHAT?" Remus reached out and halted the glass' progress. Tonks grabbed it back, then shoved it distractedly aside. Her face had gone white. "You – you – you bloody idiot . What, are you trying to get yourself killed? I thought you'd gone to all the packs already. I thought you'd done everything Dumbledore expected of you. What good does it do anybody, you risking your life?" Remus glanced around them – yes, their raised voices were beginning to attract attention, breaking beyond the confines of a muffling charm that wasn't meant to contain more than a conversational level of noise. Leaning in so he could speak quietly, Remus murmured, "There's a chance I can forge real contacts, establish allies, if I stick with one group long enough to build up trust. The Order needs this, and I'm the only one who can do it." Her voice shaking and her elbows planted on the table, her words quiet but furious, Tonks said, "What if I asked you not to go? Would that change anything?" Remus shook his head, throat tight. "Dora, I have to do this." She was breathing hard. "I know things are awful right now, I can't even begin to imagine what you're going through, but don't – don't throw yourself into something this dangerous. Please . I'm worried about you. You're making me worried." "I'll be fine –" "I'm trying to be understanding here, okay? But it's hard. This is really hard. And I want – I still hope –" She scowled down at the scuffed surface of the wooden table, then back up at him. "Remus, after we've got through this worst part, I hope –" "No," he said, and he heard how harsh his voice sounded, in the urgency of needing to make her understand. "I made a – mistake. I'm sorry for it." Tonks glared at him. "What was the 'mistake'? Was it me? Am I your mistake?" "I don't mean it like that." "Then how do you mean it, Remus?" This shouldn't be so hard. Remus knew he was right. He clenched his glass between his hands. "The mistake, the only mistake, came in allowing us to become close. You deserve better, so much better, and I…I would always put you in danger." Tonks waved an arm in frustration, and from force of habit Remus shot out one hand again to catch her glass before she knocked it over. He righted the glass, and Tonks glared down at it, then at him. "You know what?" she said, her voice fierce and low. "Tell me that you're happier not being together. Right now. Can you look me in the eye and tell me you don't want this? Because if you can tell me that and mean it, I'll get up and walk away right now." She glared across the table at him expectantly. And Remus tried and tried, but he couldn't say it. He couldn't bring himself to lie to Tonks. But he couldn't allow himself to tell her what she wanted to hear either. "I'm leaving," he said doggedly. "I can't promise anything beyond that." "And will you keep yourself safe?" Tonks demanded. "Are you even going to try?" "Of course I will!" Remus said, feeling irked at last that everyone seemed to think he had a death wish. "I'm doing this for the Order, not for a lark. But I'll stay as long as the Order needs me to stay. My duty is to the Order first." "At the expense of yourself?" Remus had no answer to that. This was how it had always been. Tonks pushed herself up from her seat, her breath ragged. "You know what? Fine. You're always going to do whatever you want, aren't you, no matter what anybody else thinks. No matter how much anybody else cares . You want to walk away, you want to throw yourself into danger, fine. Since apparently it doesn't matter to you what anyone who cares about you thinks, you just go on and do whatever you want, Remus." She slammed her hand down on the table, then turned and stormed away, leaving a startled swath of interrupted conversations in her wake as she burst out of the muffled bubble of their conversation and through the room at large. The pub door slammed shut behind her. . (to be continued...) . End notes: Because I always mention how my various stories fit together chronologically, I'll drop in here that "Among these Fields of Gold" (Remus returning to 12 Grimmauld Place in search of memories to hold onto) would fall somewhere within this chapter. Also, mostly just because it amuses me: I wrote this chapter of Raise Your Lantern High, with Ted describing his courtship with Andromeda, long before I wrote the story of said courtship. So when I wrote "A New World Bursting into Bloom" (Andromeda and Ted's love story) and also "Go On, Try" (a DH-era Remus/Tonks story that references Ted and Andromeda's history), I had to work to keep these stories compliant to a headcanon I'd already established...in a story I hadn't yet posted . Something about that amuses me. But now it's all here! Haven't quite decided my posting rhythm/day yet, but hopefully a chapter a week!