be careful, he just gave birth," Hadrian tried to police them but nothing scared the twins, except for Harry. Not even Tom could manage to control the silly twins. "My babies!" Harry cooed at the nine eye at olds, taking both into his arms and snuggling into them. Cerise, his second youngest now, climbed onto the bed more gracefully than the twins. But being the spoiled girl she was, she shoved at her older brothers to make space for herself. Harry laughed and kissed her a dozen times as the twins fought for space on the bed. Alfred, the budding teen stood uncertainly by the bed until Harry reach out an arm and hugged him one handedly. Alfred, arguably the closest to his mother clamured onto the bed as Harry made space for him. They could almost pass as twins, they looked so much alike. With cerise on his lap, Alfred plastered to his left and the twins vying for a space on his left, Harry for the first time in a while felt happy. His older children, James and lily stood back to allow the younger kids to see their mother. Lily instead went over to join her older brother and coo at the baby. James held back a little, looking like the outsider in the family. He and Harry hadn't had the best of relationships, but then he didn't exactly get along with Tom either. Harry noticed his third eldest son hanging back a bit and beckoned to him with one arm. James came grudgingly but offered a small smile when Harry leaned up and kissed his cheek. Just before Harry had given birth, he and james had had a row about James' many indiscretions at Hogwarts. The latest problem had arisen when Harry had gotten a complaint about a pregnancy scare and he'd in turn sent a rousing howler for James. His son had been utterly humiliated and started a row with Harry. Of course Tom had intervened when James had begun shouting at Harry and forbidden James from quiditch. Now Harry just wanted to forget it all and have everything be okay between him and his son. "Are you okay mom?" James questioned, avoiding his parent's searching gaze. Harry used his forefinger to tip James face up and smiled reassuringly at him. "I am now that you brood are here." James smiled back and returned a kiss to Harrys cheek. "Go meet your youngest brother." Harry nodded to Orion. Lily took Orion from Hadrian and brought him him over to the bed to let the other kids have a look. "Mom, this one might be the cutest one yet! He's so squishable!" Lily held up her brother up and nibbled on his cheeks. Orion shrieked at the tickling. "No, we're" Reggie began. "The cutest." Rom finished. They both tugged on Harrys arm for affirmation. Harry had to tickle them to make them stop. "You're the cutest twins in the entire world!" Cerise, not one to be left out huffed and grabbed her mamas cheek. "But, mama, what about me?" "Aw, you're the cutest baby girl in the whole wide world!" Harry exclaimed and hugged her. Appeased, she stuck her tongue out at the twins. Lily brought a calculating finger to her red painted lips. "So if Reggie and Rom are the cutest twins, and Cerise is the cutest baby girl, I take it I'm the cutest oldest girl, Salazar is the cutest oldest son? What about Hadrian, James and Alfred?" She teased her mother. Harry glared at her playfully but Hadrian answered up. "I'm the handsomest brother. And I am so telling Salazar that you called him cute." Lily glared at her elder brother. "You tell Salazar that and I'll put the nightmare curse on you." "Mother, did you hear that? She threatened me!" Hadrian exclaimed dramatically. Harry rolled his eyes at his children's antics. "And you deserved it." He teased back. Hadrian staggered and slapped a hand over his heart, sniffing for extra effect. "But I'll protect my baby." Hadrian beamed and Lily huffed. Hadrian was such a mamas boy. Harry leaned back and just listened to his children bicker back and forth as they passed Orion around between them. Alfred hadn't said anything and Harry knew the boy would talk to him once they were alone. So he wrapped an arm around his sensitive boy and tucked him under his cheek. Alfred curled himself around his mother like he was a boy again. He stayed quiet and still as Harry tried to control the twins and cerise, tried being the operative word. Harry was throughly distracted but not enough to not notice the lingering shadow at his bedroom door. He looked up to see a flash of red eyes. Harry opened his mouth to call Tom into the bedroom and join his family but something stopped him. He still felt uncomfortable with Tom being near Orion. And though he hadn't hurt Orion in the few hours he'd been asleep, Harry still wasn't over the trauma Tom had put him and his son through. So he quickly looked away and let himself be pulled into a story the twins were telling with many interjections from Cerise. Tom eyes narrowed in anger, but he dared not cross over the threshold into a place he had not been invited to. The room was alight with Harry's laughter, his children shouting back and forth and the beacon in the middle was the newborn. The large family was bound together by Harry's indomitable love for them, something not even Tom had been able to torture out of Harry. His eyes shone with so much happiness as Harry forced himself to ignore the looming threat just a few feet away from his family. And Tom did not belong in that circle of love and warmth. So he stayed in the shadows and watched with envy, wanting something he could never bring himself to ask for. Something he did not deserve.