to peer under the bed. There was nothing there but his little shoes. Then he remembered. He had been playing on the front lawn that afternoon, under Mother's careful supervision. He had left his bear – Edward Bear, Mother always called him laughingly – under the ash tree by the path. Strictly speaking he wasn't allowed on the front lawn without his mother. Her grave warning that he would regret it if he disobeyed her resonated in his mind. Well then, she would just have to get up and come with him. Or else let him crawl into bed between her and Da. Either solution would suit him just fine. He crossed the hallway, but his parents' door was closed. Frowning, he reached up to jiggle the door-handle. Still the door did not open. It was locked. He thought about knocking, but he did not want to wake his father. His father had an important job in London, and he needed his sleep. The little boy yawned expansively. He needed his sleep too, but he could hardly be expected to go back to bed without his mother or his bear. If he got Mother he would wake up Da, so it had to be the bear. He descended the stairs carefully; THUMP-bump, THUMP-bump . He hurried to the front door. He would be down to the ash tree and back before anybody missed him. He reached for the door-handle and stopped. He had forgotten the new locks. Frustrated, he sat down in the middle of the entryway. He knew how to wiggle the knob lock so that it opened, but the other two – the deadbolt and the chain – were too high for him to reach. The back door had a deadbolt now, too. There had been a great frenzy of locksmithing two weeks ago. He was defeated. If only he had left his bear in the garden, he might have gone out the back way. A grin spread across his face. He could go out that way, and he could climb over the little white gate and get onto the front lawn. Happily he padded down the hall to the other end of the house. Once again his mother's warning resonated in his ears, but regret was such a vague concept to a four-year-old that the caveat seemed much less important than his present mission. He checked the deadbolt and almost laughed out loud with delight. It wasn't locked! The knob that worked it was going up-and-down like a nose. When the door was locked, it went side-to-side like a mouth, smiling because nobody could get in. Gleefully he gripped the door knob and wiggled until it clicked loose in his hand. He turned it and tugged. The door did not move. He tugged harder. It was stuck somehow; that was all. He pulled and pulled with all his might, but it still would not yield. In the sitting room his mother's cuckoo clock rang out three times. The little boy counted with the clock, husbanding his strength and focus for one final mammoth effort. He thought of his bear, out there under the ash tree. He thought of the way the door usually felt when he turned the knob and it swung open. He thought about thrusting his whole weight upon it. He turned the knob and pulled. Nothing happened. He tried again Then suddenly there was a crackling in the air and a quick whiff of magic, and the boy sprang backwards as the door opened. He landed on his backside against the cellar door. He popped to his feet and stepped out into the cool summer night, meticulously drawing the door behind him so that it clicked closed. His bare toes gripped the edge of the stoop as he peered out into the garden. It looked different by moonlight. The roses were black, and the vegetable garden looked like a sea of twisted roots. The acanthus stalks were rustling ominously in the wind. He hoped there were no Murtlaps hiding in the flowers. Mustering his courage, he turned his mind back to his errand. Down the pebble path, up over the gate, grab his bear and run back before he was missed. There were streetlights in front of the house; it wouldn't be so dark out on the lawn. Carefully he put out his left foot, lowering it into the pebbles with a soft shushing sound. His right foot followed. He took two firm, sure steps forward, then another and another. The acanthus stalks rustled again. The boy held his breath. He could hear something in the darkness, and it didn't sound like a Murtlap. It was a low, rumbling sound like the engine of the Morris Minor when his mother turned the key. His heart started to hammer against his chest as the flower-stalks danced in the moonlight. His analytical young mind worked through the list of simple explanations, and that was when he realized that there was no wind. There was something hiding in the acanthus bed. He scanned the length of the fence frantically, trying to figure out what it was. Stories of dragons and Erumpents filled his imagination with a blur of frightening images. He took a tiny step backward. The rumbling noise grew deeper. There was a low, ominous snarl. Terrified, he tried to run. The pebbles beneath his heels slipped, and he fell to his hands and knees. Pain shot up from his palms, but he scrambled to his feet. Something was coming out of the flowers now, something huge and dark with a great shaggy head and bony shoulders that rolled as it walked. All this he took in with one swift glance before he ran for the door. He seized the knob, but his hands were slippery with blood and he could not make it turn. There was a bone-chilling howl as the great monster sprung. And afterward, for a long time, there was nothing but pain.