he wanted to think. He'd excelled at his classes without trying, and he would have gotten along with that Granger girl he despised so much rather easily. If one removed Draco Malfoy's pride and prejudice, he was actually decent- just scared, and smart. Intelligent, she corrected; smart implied something else entirely. As she stared at him, she realized his powerful position and all of his family wrongs could be turned in favor of the world she preferred, the world paved by Harry Potter two years ago- long before that, actually, if you got technical about when he first defeated the Dark Lord- where muggle-born wizards and witches were equal to purebloods. "You could start by using your privilege for good," she said, and as the words tumbled out, she accepted that her mouth simply acted of its own accord around him, for whatever reason. "There's still a lot of bad in the world, and a lot to fix. Voldemort's downfall didn't end the prejudice, or the pain. Some were orphaned by the war; others were left without friends, lovers, siblings, and so on. I- I have a friend, Neville Longbottom, whose parents were tortured to insanity not long after the first downfall of Voldemort. Dangerous wizards are still out there, and there are aurors trying to catch them but in the meantime there is still a lot to fix here. As a Malfoy, your reputation and money allows you to do something about that." He was staring at her with wonder. "For the past two years, I've been wondering if I'm brave enough to say aloud exactly what you just said. My father would go bonkers if he heard his precious pureblood son talk like that, but- the way you say it, it sounds bloody brilliant." "Because it is," she said, staring at him with earnest eyes. The ambition that initially placed her in Slytherin stirred in her once more; Astoria had always been steadfast in her opinions, if in nothing else, but had known her cursed family frailty would stop her from ever taking a position of true power, because the stress would kill her. But suddenly she realized that her power could be in being a fantastic and influential friend. Or more, her heart whispered, but she did her best to stifle such impractical yearnings. "Could you help me tell my parents that?" Her eyes bulged out. An image she'd always held popped into mind: tall, lean, pompous Lucius Malfoy, standing with angular features and arm around his wife, Narcissa, whose calico hair is pulled into an irrationally stiff bun, both with cold eyes staring ahead from slight scowls. They were one of the most powerful couples in England, even if that power had been reduced somewhat by the end of the Second Wizarding War; their fame and wealth was known to nearly all wizards and witches in the country. "I- I don't quite think that's appropriate." His brow twitched. "Why not?" She cleared her throat. "Perhaps because I've never spoken to them before in my life and telling them that over tea I encouraged their son, who I haven't seen in two years, to use their money for the opposite of what they believe does not seem like a good way to introduce myself?" "But it could help!" He protested. "You said it yourself, my folly is that I lack the courage to stand up to these people. Perhaps you can help me." "Don't you think you ought to invite her to dinner before she meets the parents?" Both looked up, startled by the unannounced presence of someone else. They had been so involved in their conversation, without any attention to the world around them, that they hadn't noticed the approach of Daphne Greengrass. Astoria met her sister's quizzical green gaze and felt herself shrink inward. Bold Astoria may not be, but it was her sister's main virtue. "Daphne," Draco greeted her, swallowing quickly. "Pleasure." "And to you, Malfoy," Daphne replied sharply. "If you're quite done compromising my sister's attention, I'd like to borrow it for a time." "Of course." He stood quickly. "I was just finishing." "You haven't even touched your tea," Astoria noted as he lifted the full cup. "It'll be fine. I- I think this trip has enriched me far more than rosehip could." He made a slight bow to Daphne, all of his previous nervousness returning to his features. "Daphne, pleasure to see you again. I apologize for stealing your sister's time." He turned to Astoria and half-bowed again. "Astoria. I'll see you Saturday, at the Sailor's Tumult. Seven o'clock." With that, he swept out of the bar. Astoria recognized the name of the bar (tavern, more like); she had been there once the past summer, when Daphne had dragged her along. It was a wizarding bar, a more expensive version of the Leaky Cauldron, and, of course, it was only two blocks from her flat on the far side of London. Why did I tell him where I live? "So, what just happened?" Daphne asked, sitting where Draco had been. Astoria's attention snapped away from the closing door, through which the boy's pale form had just vanished, and she forced her eyes to meet her sister's. Daphne cocked an eyebrow. "Why were you sitting here with Draco Malfoy? I was under the impression you hated him." "I do," Astoria said quickly, but instantly she regretted lying. "Or- or I did. I'm really not sure what just happened." And I don't remember agreeing to meet with him Saturday; if anything, I remember adamantly refusing to do such a thing. But as she looked out at the rainy streets, and reflected that she wasn't so upset the rain had forced her to wait inside the cafe, she found she didn't dislike the rain half so much as she'd thought- or the boy now walking through it, somewhere out of sight, still holding all of her attention. "I really haven't a clue what just happened."