asked watching Harry stroke Fawkes. "I was thinking perhaps Remus could help me and when the full moon comes around Hermione could take his place for a few days." Harry said with a light grin. "I see no problem with this but you do know that several parents might not be comfortable with a werewolf teaching their students." Albus asked causing Harry to make an irritated noise. "Yes, I know. I was thinking since that perhaps we could have Remus and several others come and teach the students about werewolves. especially the 1st through 4th years as 5th years and up already know about Remus and like him pretty well." Harry said with a grin. "Excellent idea Harry. Now another subject I wish to discuss is Charlie Weasley." Albus said the twinkling back full force. "What about him sir?" Harry asked raising an eyebrow. "I am aware that you broke up with him but I am curious as to why." Albus said smiling. "I realized that while Charlie is a great guy and I like him, I am not in love with him. Charlie needs somebody who likes adventure and I, personally, have had enough of it to last a lifetime." Harry said causing Albus to laugh lightly. "Well, I believe that Minerva owes Severus a good amount of money then. We assumed that you had realized you were in love with one of the Twins." Albus said causing Harry to laugh. "Oh but I am." Harry said grinning as Albus began laughing again. "I don't suppose you will tell me which one?" Albus asked smiling. "Well, that would exclude you from placing any bets." Harry said, his eyes twinkling with mischief. "Very well then. Onto the last subject. Your band." Albus said smiling. "What about it sir?" Harry asked grinning. "What is the name of it? Also, when are you playing for the first time?" Albus asked smiling. "We don't have a name yet and we are playing at Bill and Fleur's wedding on the 1st of August." Harry said grinning. "Very well. Then I shall let you go as it is now 10 am and I know Kingsley wished to talk to you." Albus said smiling as Harry stood up. "Professor? What about the Drama club?" Harry asked as he opened the door. "I belive it would be a wonderful idea and I plan to inform miss. Granger of my decision after her last test at 2:30." Albus said smiling. Harry gave him a brillant grin and headed to find Kingsley. HRHGNL "Kingsley!" Harry shouted as he saw the tall auror talking to Flitwick. "ahh Harry! Good to see you." Flitwick said smiling as Harry walked up to them. "Good to see you to Sir." Harry said grinning at the tiny professor. "If you'll excuse us Filius, we need to go over our lesson plans." Kingsley said with a grin. "Of course! Of course! I can't wait to see how this turns out." Filius said as he went on his way. "So Harry, did you look over the lesson plans?" Kingsley asked as the stepped into the classroom. "Yes, I did. I have one thing I wish to add though." Harry said with a grin. "And what would that be?" Kinsley asked raising an eyebrow. "I would like to allow Remus and another friend of his to come in and talk about werewolves to the 1st through 4th years so that those student will be comftable with Remus helping me in dueling club." Harry said smiling. "Good Idea, but I thought it was for 3rd years and up?" Kingsley asked glancing up at Harry. "It is but I decided that if there are any students who show great promise in Defence then they will be allowed to join the dueling club." Harry said grinning. Kingsley chuckled and nodded. "Very well." Kingsley said with a grin. Harry sat and talked with Kingsley for a couple more hours before they walked to the entrance to meet Hermione and the others. HRHGNL "How'd it go?" Harry asked as Ron and Neville ealked in from their Herbology test. "Brillant!" Neville said grinning brightly. "I think I did ok." Ron said with a shrug. Harry nodded and turned to Neville. "So you going to opt out of Herbology?" Harry asked glancing between them. "If I can, I will." Ron said with a shrug. "I think I will see if I can become an assiatant Professor like you." Neville said with a grin and then gestured to Hermione. "Hey hermione." The boys chorused as she walked over. "Hey guys. So what did Professor Dumbledore want to talk to you about Harry?" Hermione asked as the waited for McGonagall to reach them. "About the dueling club mostly." Harry replied as McGonagall reached them. "Mr. Longbottom, Mr. Weasley and Miss. Granger, you will recieve a letter in a few days stating which classes you may opt out of. Also Miss. Granger, Professor Dumbledore wishes to speak with you before you leave." McGonagall said gesturing for Hermione to follow her. "We'll wait outside for you Hermione." Ron said as the boys headed out in to the sun. Hermione nodded and followed McGonagall up the stairs. Ten minutes later a beaming Hermione bounded down the stairs. "What's up Hermione?" Ron asked seeing how happy Hermoine was. "Professor Dumbledore agreed to start a drama department!" Hermione said, practically floating with happiness. Harry grinned as Ron and Neville high fived her and pulled out their brooms. "So are we going to gates and apparting to Muggle London or what?" Harry asked as he and Hermione mounted his motorcycle. "I think we should go to Sirius' and change. That way you don't have to leave your bike at the gate." Hermione said grinning. "You just want to ask Remus if he's asked Tonks on a date yet." Harry said laughing as he started the motorbike. Hermione just laughed as they headed to Sirius' house to change. AN: That's all. Please Review.