a tripping jinx on Lucius' remaining free leg. Lucius fell to one knee with a grunt and Hermione affixed that to the floor with a sticking charm. To her horror, Lucius started tearing violently at his robes. He ripped the side seam and tore it around the waist so that his knee was free again. This time, when Hermione tried to cast the tripping jinx on his bare knee, he dodged it, leaping up enough to make the cushioned floor bulge outward under his foot with the force of his movement. There was a terrible ripping sound and his foot came free, the fabric still attached. He leapt, pushing Hermione to the floor, his hands gripping around her wrists as he used his body to pin her down underneath him. Hermione only had time to squeak. She couldn't even kick him, because his knees had pinned down her legs. His breath came in hot bursts against her lips and his grip bordered on painful. Hermione closed her eyes, waiting for the worst. He really was going to kill her, and it was all her fault for thinking that she could accomplish such an impossible task. "H...Her...mi...o...neee," Lucius breathed raggedly. "I...can h...hold….it…..p...please…" Hermione could feel his hand loosening on the wrist that still held her wand. She did not hesitate. With a quick, jagged movement, her wand was level with the remaining rune pattern on Lucius' cheek. His hand began to tighten again, pulling her wrist away, and Hermione knew that she was running out of time. Steeling her nerves, she did two things simultaneously. She pressed her wand against Lucius' cheek on the exact center of the rune and she pressed her lips against his, whispering the words of the spell into his mouth. Instantly, she could feel the hairs on her neck standing up as the last of the rune dissolved, freeing an old, angry energy from where it had been trapped for years. Lucius sagged against her, his body relaxing, and it was then that she realized that he had begun to kiss her back. He was enthusiastic and demanding, yet somehow elegant in how he maneuvered inside of her mouth, and Hermione felt herself melting against his lips, her breath growing shallow and ragged with desire. At last, he pulled away, rising up on his hands to look down on her flushed face and give her room to to catch her breath. "Hermione….you... saved me," he whispered huskily, his eyes shining brightly. "Tell me what you want. Anything at all. And I will make it yours." Hermione brought her fingers to her lips, her eyes moving from his mouth up to his eyes with indecision. "What if...what if I didn't want some thing , but some one ?" she asked, her heart hammering in her chest as she tried not to catch on fire with embarrassment at even implying the thing that she was suggesting. "Oh?" Lucius purred, bringing his head down so that his lips were nearly pressed against hers. "And what would you want of this some one ?" " Everything ," Hermione breathed back. Lucius smirked, but it was a hopeful sort of smirk that made him look more boyish than confident. "I think that could be arranged, but I must warn you, there is no return policy on my heart." "I wouldn't dream of returning it," Hermione whispered. "Good," Lucius rumbled, before closing the distance between them and melting into her kiss once more. When it finally came out that Lucius Malfoy had been left by his wife for another, it became quite the scandal in the pure-blooded family gossip grapevine. Mysteriously, though, Rita Skeeter had absolutely nothing to say about it. When it came out six months later that Lucius Malfoy and Hermione Granger were in a committed relationship and intended to marry once his divorce came through, even Skeeter was unable to help herself and wrote a scathing article about the "disgraced single mum" and the "death eater grandpa" finding a perverted love in one another. This, however, was a very poor move on her part, as she ended up retracting her statements only weeks later after she found herself mysteriously cursed with a pair of moving antennae on her forehead that had to be surgically removed at St Mungo's. Though she refused to admit who had done such a thing to her, it was greatly suspected to be the work of one Hermione Granger, who would not tolerate negative things being said of her family or her new beau. As for Narcissa, she was finally able to marry the love of her life, who she'd been in a relationship with since she was in her third year at Hogwarts. They'd kept track of each other through letters and secret meetings over the years, and though Narcissa had always been devoted to Draco, she'd never truly loved Lucius the way he'd needed to be loved after a lifetime of growing up under distant parents with a house elf as his only caregiver. As for Hermione, she found that the hardest part about being with Lucius Malfoy was in breaking her own negative assumptions about him. He was surprisingly good at cooking, a doting father to Rose, and (she had to admit) absurdly charming when he put his mind to it. She could feel the heat and sincerity of his love whenever his eyes were on her (which, if they were in a room together, was always). Though Lucius Malfoy still kept to his habit of using his gift to make himself well liked as he rose from the ashes of his failed marriage and his sordid past, he never, ever used it again on Hermione, for he did not need to convince her to love him. She could look at his true self and see him for who he truly was and still love him for it, and for Lucius, that was more than he could have ever dreamed of having.