see-" "Yeah, mate, that totally doesn't make me feel like chopped liver," Sirius said sarcastically. "Let's just have some fun with the new wheels, ok?" James stared at it dubiously. "Is it supposed to look all...rusty?" "It's character , Prongs. Something which you obviously know nothing about," Sirius huffed. A large snapping noise sounded nearby, causing both of them to jump. "If that's coming from your deathtrap of a Muggle contraption, you're not going to get me on it," James said snootily. "It's not-" Sirius went silent as a bunch of black-clad figures rocketed through the night sky above them, their silver masks gleaming in the moonlight. Hot on the heels of the pack was a wizard wearing light green summer robes. "Did I just see-?" James pointed dumbly at the sky. " Regulus !" Sirius croaked, but it was too late-they'd disappeared. "You know what this calls for," James said grimly as he pulled out his wand. "This is a job for the Marauders." The lights of the boardwalk faded behind Regulus as the ocean fog closed around him. He grabbed his wand and pointed at the tip of the broom while holding on with the other hand and silently cast a charm he'd learned from the Slytherin Seeker. Instantly, the tip of the wood began to glow, casting a spotlight in front of him so that he could see better. Suddenly, a tall stone slab appeared out of the gloom and Regulus had to bank sharply to avoid hitting it. "Come on, Regulus," Lucius snickered from somewhere below him, "drop below the fog, but mind the rails." Regulus dropped into a graceful dive, twisting out of the way of the railroad ties and finding himself drifting underneath. The others stood next to a craggy cliff face with amused looks on their faces. Lucius waved his wand in a complicated manner, causing a large, metal door with a knocker in the shape of an ouroboros to appear. A skull held the knocker between its long, white teeth. Bellatrix knocked three times and the door opened, admitting them. Regulus landed nimbly and followed close behind them. Once they were inside, Regulus marveled at the high, vaulted ceilings and rich decor, though it was as cold as a mausoleum. There were rooms for each of the members of the group, and it appeared as though catacombs branched off deeper into the mountain to unknown places. The main room boasted a massive marble fireplace that crackled and sent shadows around the room, which gave the impression that there were others waiting just outside the light. Regulus stared at the dark robes and ornate, silver masks in their hands as each Death Eater sat on a different piece of plush furniture. "So, what do you think?" Lucius asked. "You've heard the rumors in Slytherin, I gather. You're as pure as they come and Bella vouches for you. Have you considered the perks of becoming one of us?" Regulus gulped. He'd heard whispers, rumors, but that had been just a way to scare the Gryffindorks, hadn't it? "Oh, I've forgotten my manners. Severus, go and get our guest some refreshments," Lucius purred. Bella bumped Karkaroff with her hip and he yelped in surprise. She tilted her head towards the wireless. "Go on, then. I want to dance." A rolicking jig started up as Igor adjusted the knobs, and Bella grabbed Lucius, cackling as they spun around the room. Regulus sat down awkwardly on a green velvet couch next to Pandora. "Hi," he said, smiling shyly. "Don't drink it," she whispered, taking his hand. Regulus was about to reply when a young boy jumped onto the couch and hugged Pandora around the waist. "Pan! Pan! You're back!" The boy looked up at Regulus with shy eyes and Regulus looked away, uncomfortable. "Hello, Rigel," Pandora said kindly, hugging him back. "How's my favourite star?" "I'm bored. There's nothing to do but read books and drink yucky things," Rigel stuck out his tongue before turning and itching his right arm. "Is he all right?" Regulus asked. "He lost his parents, poor duck," Pandora replied softly, stroking the young boy's dark hair. "Regulus...it's not safe for you here, you know that, right? It will change you." "I'm fine," Regulus replied, trying to look brave even though he'd been uneasy ever since he'd entered the hidden door. "Your refreshment. May it give you courage." Snape had appeared with a goblet on a tray. Gray smoke curled up from the top of it in the shape of a skull eating a snake. "Thank you," Regulus said, accepting it. Snape's lip pulled back into a slight sneer, but he nodded and walked away without a word. "See? I'm perfectly at ease," Regulus said, swirling the liquid in the goblet nonchalantly in his hand. "You shouldn't be," Pandora replied softly. Regulus looked at Pandora's full, kissable lips and then back at his drink. Snape had said it would give him courage. He tipped his head back and swallowed down the drink in a single gulp. It burned evilly in his mouth and suddenly, he felt the room going sideways. His belly felt as though it was on fire, pain radiating outward until it seemed to set his veins ablaze. The others seemed to have noticed as he choked and gagged wretchedly, his hands around his throat as he struggled to breathe. The evil liquid was changing him, and he could feel a burning, itching sensation on his right arm. He could vaguely hear Lucius Malfoy clapping politely as Bellatrix crowed with delight. "Oh, Regulus, what have you done?" Pandora said, as he began to fall slowly towards her. His head landed on her soft lap and she gently stroked his hair, but it didn't stifle his suffering. As the darkness of unconsciousness finally gripped him, Regulus thought he could feel her soft lips on his forehead and his only regret was that he hadn't been able to tell her how he felt.