sleeve until she was bare up to her shoulder and showed him the clean flesh on her upper arm. "During the war, Bellatrix tortured me and carved a word with a cursed knife right here, but thanks to your salve, it's completely gone. It...it really helped me heal in more than one way." Severus immediately felt guilty about all of the amorous thoughts that he'd been harboring. Here he was, looking at her like a regular letch and she had just wanted to show him how well his potion had worked. Goddamnit . "You can touch it if you'd like," Hermione said, indicating the soft skin on the side of her upper arm. The way she looked at him was pure sex, and Severus had to stomp on his other foot with one dragonhide boot to refrain from doing as she'd said. "Actually, I would like to cast a diagnostic spell, if you would let me," he replied thickly, pulling out his wand and waiting for her reply. The truth was, he didn't trust himself to touch her. It was too dangerous. It was already dangerous enough to look . She nodded. He cast the spell, moving his wand over the length of her arm, marveling at how there was not even a trace of the curse left over. Without thinking, he gently placed his fingers against her skin and ran them over the space she'd indicated earlier. Her skin was soft and whole. "Beautiful," he breathed again, this time not bothering to apologize. It was, after all, true. Hermione let out a soft noise, something between a purr and a sound of agreement. When Severus looked up at her face, he noticed that her pupils had blown wide as she watched his fingers sliding against her supple, silken skin. "Also," she said shyly, "I used it on this one as well, and it...well…I hope you don't mind me showing you..." This time, she seemed to hesitate before moving to unbutton her plain brown robes down to her waist. Pulling them to the side enough to show a flash of her bra and her sun-kissed skin underneath, Severus inhaled sharply. The massive scar- the one he'd helped Madam Pomfrey heal after that horrible night in the Hall of Prophecies- it was- "Gone," he said, his voice cracking slightly. His fingers reached out as though of their own accord, to touch the space between her breastbone where the thick cord of cursed scar tissue had been. This time, as he traced his fingers against the softness of her skin, she shivered with delight and made a soft panting noise, obviously enjoying his attention. "You have to understand," Hermione gasped, "I wanted to write you a letter and leave it at that, but I couldn't...I had to...I had to see you...let you…" "Hermione," Severus bent forward, his breath clouding against Hermione's cheek, "I...I do not think it is wise for me to keep doing this." She angled her head up so that his breath came hot against her lips, which were as flushed as her cheeks. "And why is that, Severus?" He shivered to hear his name said in such a way. "Because...I...I want to...I…" Hermione nudged her way upwards until her lips nearly touched his. "But what if I told you that I wanted you to?" Severus was inordinately glad for the ward on the door behind them as he firmly pressed his lips against her with a moan loud enough to warrant casting a Muffliato for good measure. Her fingers curled around his hips gently and he sagged into her, letting her pull him against her with a sigh of need. Trailing kisses down her neck, her ran his tongue against the naked skin of her arm in the place that Bellatrix had marked so cruelly. Hermione kissed him everywhere she could reach as he kissed her, holding her tightly as he did so. There was something about her that had drawn him in from the beginning, but here, now, it was a lesson in holding back against his overwhelming desire to take her then and there. Her fingers were sliding down the slight gap around the waist of his trousers and he moaned loudly into her mouth at the pleasure this brought him. Even with his long, imposing robes, he always wore trousers underneath, but at the moment, he was very much regretting having them. "If we don't stop soon...it might go too far," he panted, as she began undoing the buttons at his neck. "I don't care," she replied ardently, "This may be my only chance to see you...to properly...to let you know that I…" She kissed him firmly and pulled away with great effort. "I've read all of your papers. They're brilliant. Your potion for cursed scars saved my body, but it also saved my mind. I was having flashbacks, nightmares, pain...it was hell . Anyone who can make such an amazing item and sell it at such a modest fee is someone I can't help but feel for, especially in light of...everything." "Well, then, let me prepare a rebuttal," Severus replied. "You are gorgeous." He kissed her nose. "You are kind." He kissed her cheeks. "You are smart." He kissed her lips. "And you are a force to be reckoned with." He kissed her chest above where her heart lay. "I came to this damnable function because I needed to see you again. I would be an utter dunderhead if I walked away from all of that in the name of propriety." With that, he kissed her mouth deeply, his mind going blank with pleasure. Behind them, the clock began to strike midnight and Hermione mewled with delight underneath him. "Shall we?" Severus asked, pulling away, his wand at the ready. "Oh, yes, please," Hermione replied, her eyes half lidded. His heart hammered in his chest as he grabbed her tightly around the waist and they Disapparated just as the last stroke of midnight faded away.