caught! Not now! Acting quickly he made a dash for the parlor and crawled under the settee and opened the grate and pulled himself in, his heartrate quickened as the lumbering footsteps of his Uncle sounded up the walkway. He moved through the tunnels as quickly and quietly as possible, forcing his breathing to remain steady so that he couldn't be heard-the front doors lock was just clicking open-then, he was in the small room-the door opened, loud voices echoing off the walls-Harry jumped over to the cover on the hole and carefully made his way through-loud footsteps were getting closer to his cupboard-then, finally-! The cupboard door opened with a loud bang," get up, freak, and make us some cake!" Vernon's voice boomed out. Harry carefully crawled out of the cupboard, relief washing over him that he had been able to get back in time. After he finished feeding the family of three and after going back to bed for the night Harry sightlessly looked at the ceiling, thinking of everything he would need to do in order to become a competent thief. First, he needed to get better at sneaking around; second, he needed to heighten his senses so that he was completely and fully aware of what was happening in his immediate vicinity; third, he had to work on his pick-pocketing skills; fourth, he had to know how to break into places properly and how to get out without a trace-a trip to the library was in order-fifth, being able to make a fast getaway was always good, and, lastly, he needed to be able to blend into a crowd at any given time. After coming up with this list Harry went to sleep, looking forward to the day to come. From the next day onwards Harry worked every moment he had to spare on becoming a thief, he tended to compare himself to Robin Hood in a way, he wasn't going to steal from just anybody after all, he had to be careful with who he stole from and when he did the stealing, which then led to a lot of time spent looking up various wealthy people, blueprints to different buildings (like the library and his school), seeing if there was anyone that was within the list of wealthy people that had multiple people that had a bone to pick with them, and whether or not it was justified. It took several months of planning; trying and failing before Harry finally got it. His first intentional, and successful, heist was against an old antique shop, which just so happened to be stealing random heirlooms from people's homes and claiming that they hadn't done anything, having a lot of money to back you up is quite useful. But, unfortunately for them, Harry targeted them, and that meant that they wouldn't be keeping that money. He visited the shop a couple times over the course of several days, mapping out the place and conjuring up plans on how to infiltrate it. He found several people who had just been stolen from and were about to sue the shop, and so he was careful to factor that into the plan. Then, three days later, he broke in. He took all the money from the vault and several pieces that had been stolen (of course not everything was stolen) before making his way off, but not before leaving the present of the most recent steals being center stage. The owners were forced to explain why the pieces weren't noted down in the items ledger, like they said they were, or why they had the insignia of the family that was accusing them of theft on it, even though they had sworn that no such insignia existed. Soon, the combination of having no money and being heavily investigated for multiple accounts of theft, the place had to close and the owners were sent to prison. After that Harry kept most of the money to himself, but he did make sure that all of the stolen heirlooms were returned to their rightful owners, some of which had to be reimbursed as their own pieces had either been sold to some unknown person too long ago or they were damaged/destroyed, Harry just kept most of the money, not all of it. But that was only Harry's first heist. From there, Harry continued to do bigger and bigger jobs, never being heard or seen, no one would ever know why things were disappearing from certain places, or who was behind it, but, Harry was fine with that. He didn't particularly care about recognition, he was used to being ignored for the things he did, and all he cared about was honing his skills and getting better and better, swiftly becoming the best thief in the world. Stealing was fun, but, to Harry, the best part was when he completely destroyed a corrupt business or group and gave back to the people they hurt; Harry Potter, after all, even under all of that cunning and sarcasm, was an incredibly pure person who hated others hurting, as he knew what it was like to be in pain and have no one to care. But enough of that; the Dursley's were off vacationing at the beach and other touristic places for several weeks, the house would be nice and quiet with no one to disturb it. It was time for Harry to go on his next heist... in India! Steamy: the end of the prologue and so on to the first chapter. All I have to say is that Harry as a thief is based on the "Master Thief" character from Leverage, who is a woman by the name of "Parker" she's a bit crazy, and so will Harry be, but for different reasons, you'll just have to wait for the rest of the story, as it will show you what I mean throughout the rest of it. I'll get back to you guys next week.