as much as he clearly did, and for it all to be of his own doing was an incredible feat. Harry shared as much with the man sharing his fire and watched, captivated, as his eyes glowed with pleasure. "Thank you, Harry. Coming from a man such as you, that is high praise indeed." "A man such as me?" Harry asked, confused. Riddle smiled mysteriously. "Yes," he said in response, but didn't elaborate. Harry, uncomfortable with the man's gaze and confused by his comment, turned his attention to the cheese. "I raised myself," Riddle continued. "It was difficult when I was smaller, but as I grew it became easier and easier to see to my own needs. After a number of experiences when I was young, however, I was wary of people," his eyes flashed with a sentiment stronger than wariness, but Harry said nothing. "I didn't seek out company for many years. But knowledge has always been one of my truest passions, and in the search of it I found myself in the company of those who had known my parents. They taught me the ways of the world that I had yet to figure out for myself, and answered what questions I had." "To my dismay, I came from a very prestigious lineage that many thought had died out long before. I was welcomed into the world with open arms. Once I had proved myself worthy of that lineage, of course," Riddle's smile at this last comment was sharp enough to draw blood. Harry imagined that it probably had in the past. "Still, I am largely a solitary creature, and so I set off in search of more obscure, arcane secrets and to grow my wealth even more. One of those most recent adventures ended…badly," Riddle said, mouth twisting into an angry frown. "I am still recovering, and I have yet to address the grievance. Still…" and his dark, intense stare fixed on Harry, "the journey was more than worth it, as I discovered a treasure more valuable than I had ever dared hope for as a direct result." Harry felt trapped in the gaze, unable to do anything but stare back. "I believe the one responsible for my injuries and the sorcerer who placed you in captivity are one in the same," Riddle said after a long moment spent simply examining Harry. "Will you permit me to accompany you as you search for him? I have resources which could be useful on our journey, and am more than capable of holding my own in a fight." Harry had no doubt whatsoever that was true. And company wouldn't go amiss, both for his sanity and his safety. To trap a dragon, the man would have had to be powerful indeed. "I need to find Tom first," Harry told him. "Just to see for myself that all is well. Once he's been found, then I'll seek my answers about my captivity." "Very well," Riddle responded with a deep nod. "I'll accompany you, if you have no objections." Taking Harry's lack of response for the affirmation it was, he continued, "In the morning, then, we'll begin the search for your Tom." Riddle agreed to take the first watch, and Harry cast a series of progressively more aggressive wards over his conjured bedroll, still wary of his new traveling companion. Riddle watched on, clearly amused, but said nothing. Harry tossed and turned for long than he would have liked, but the events of the day soon caught up with him and sleep claimed him. He woke to the sunlight piercing his eyelids, and he sat up sharply. He turned to where his companion had last been, ready to curse him for not waking Harry for his watch when he finally noticed what was saturating the air. Magic. But not just any magic. Familiar magic. Tom's magic. It hung in the air, clearly responsible for his late morning, and, he assumed, Riddle's failure to wake him, but that wasn't what held his attention. Placed neatly on top of his pack was a folded piece of bright green fabric, and atop that was something that glittered in the sunlight, all of it saturated with Tom's powerful magic. Harry made his way over and reached out with unsteady hands to pick up the items in question. A green cloak, he realized as he let the fabric slide through his fingers as it unfolded. He knew the color would match his eyes perfectly. The material was soft, almost silky to the touch, and he could feel that the fabric had been imbued with magic. Magic to repel water, to keep in the heat and dispel the cold, to direct gazes elsewhere when he so desired. But strongest of all was the magic that protected the wearer from harm. Fingers trembling, he turned his attention to the brooch that would hold the hooded cloak closed. A dragon forged in silver, wings flared in flight, red rubies for the eyes. Forged from the heat of Tom's fire and the will of his magic. Harry pulled the cloak on, helpless to do anything else in the face of such thoughtful, heartfelt gifts. The protective magic flared and settled, and Harry's eyes burned with the strength of his reaction to the indisputable proof that Tom cared. He turned, only to find Riddle staring at him, face impenetrable. "Gifts?" he asked. "From Tom," Harry answered, reaching up to run his fingers along the brooch. Riddle's eyes traced the movement avidly before coming to rest again on Harry's own. "Harry," Riddle said, staring at Harry with an intensity he didn't understand, "what do you know of the customs of dragons?" Please review. Seeing those notifications puts the biggest smile on my face. Come find me on tumblr, if you so desire. The username is the same (without the underdash). You can find a link on my profile. I'm always eager to talk about my stories and will post the occasional snippet.