of werewolves,' he said slowly, his mouth moving carefully even as his mind raced. 'Precisely!' said Culpepper, throwing up his hands and slumping far back in the chair. 'It's the sort of thing a first year law student might be expected to turn out – apart from the indefensible position, of course. I know a teacher should never discourage a student from taking an active interest in their studies, and that extra effort's always a good thing, but how on earth do I mark something like this?' 'I don't know…' Filius mumbled vacantly. He had finished the introductory paragraph, and was now scanning the body of the text. Part of him wanted to be sure that Black's position remained consistent throughout. The rest of him was caught up in the implications of this. He could not quite believe it. It seemed too good to be true, and yet… 'I mean, it's preposterous, of course: werewolves aren't entitled to protection under the Concord for the Treatment of Magical Citizens , nor should they be,' Culpepper was saying. 'And that bit about gainful employment is just… I mean, really! How much does he expect law-abiding wizards to do? There's no helping those who won't help themselves, and Dark Creatures shouldn't be put in positions of trust. I'm not sure if Black's trying to wind me up, or just wasting my time with nonsense. I'm sorry: you're reading. I'll keep my mouth shut.' Filius was not reading, not anymore. He had read enough. The arguments were detailed, cogent, well-organised and thoroughly footnoted. It was everything the Ravenclaw Head of House could have asked from student work, and a far sight more than he usually got. But the quality of the work was secondary. It was the content itself that had Filius's mind in a tumult. Black had written thirty-six inches of parchment in defence of werewolves. He hadn't done that to set himself apart from his parents, or to play games with a new teacher. He had done it because he believed what he was writing. Sirius Black knew the truth about Remus Lupin. He knew, and he was standing by his friend. Filius wondered if Black had shown Lupin this essay. He hoped that he had. In his own life, Flitwick had tasted the ambrosia of acceptance after the bitter gall of bigotry. He had seen friends of his own stand up for him against the cruel comments of the closed-minded. He had never been faced with half of what a werewolf would have to suffer, but he understood. That kind of loyalty, that kind of love, meant more than anything else when you were unsure of yourself and your place in the world. He rolled up the parchment hurriedly, the back of his throat stinging. He blinked very rapidly, thinking of the boy who even now was likely lying in the hospital wing under Madam Pomfrey's watchful eyes. He thought of Black and Potter, always so solicitous of their friend when he came back to class pale and wasted, bruised and limping. Black knew. They both knew. They had not abandoned him. Small wonder Minerva was willing to give them such latitude, when she did not ordinarily tolerate smart remarks and wanton mischief. She was not merely swayed by their charm: she had seen their true mettle, the courage and forbearance that many full-grown wizards did not dare to show. Everyone knew that Black and Potter were remarkable boys, but this… this went far beyond any reasonable expectation. 'Well?' Thomas asked, nodding at the parchment. 'What should I do?' Filius looked at him, debating what to say. He could not draw the young man's attention to the substance of the essay. He had only been listening with half an ear, but he had heard the familiar language of prejudice. Dumbledore had not seen fit to inform the whole staff of Remus Lupin's situation, and this was why: because even among the most gifted educators in Britain, these biases ran deep. It was not Filius Flitwick's place to betray a secret that no one even knew he shared. He was not about to confront Dumbledore. He would never let on to Lupin that he knew the truth. And he would not raise Thomas Culpepper's suspicions. 'Talk to Black about it,' he advised. 'Explain to him why it's important to do the assignment as you've set it. Then give him a mark that you feel's commensurate with his effort.' Culpepper nodded. 'Fine,' he said. 'But how do I know he understands the material? There's not a word in there about securing a werewolf at the full moon.' Black knew the truth. It was likely that he also knew about the house in Hogsmeade, which The Daily Prophet had so colourfully christened the Shrieking Shack. He likely did not know the nature of the charms and wards that protected it, or the extensive efforts that Filius had put in to making the place not only impenetrable and inescapable but also inhabitable. But if Black cared about his friend at all – as his fervent support of the rights of werewolves indicated he did – then he certainly understood the importance of securing Remus Lupin at the full moon. 'Oh, I don't think you need to worry about that,' Filius said airily. 'Sirius Black doesn't seem to pay attention in any of our lessons, but he always learns everything anyhow. Put a question on your next exam: you'll see.' Thomas groaned. 'Oh, he's one of those , is he? Sometimes I think we'd be better off just teaching the Hufflepuffs and the Ravenclaws, and leaving Gryffindor and Slytherin to their own devices.' Filius laughed softly. 'Now, Thomas, it wouldn't do to leave a student behind, would it? Whatever their nature?' As soon as he spoke the words, he knew that he was not thinking of Black. The younger man sighed, pushed himself up in the chair, and grinned ruefully. 'I suppose not,' he allowed. finis