off the bus." McGonagall pursed her lips in displeasure. "I will take you home, if you don't object." "Oh, I. Yes, that would be nice, if you wouldn't be put out." "No, no, it's no trouble at all," McGonagall said, and gave her a small, tight smile. And so Harriet found herself standing outside Number 4, Privet Drive, waving goodbye as McGonagall turned and began walking down the darkening street, presumably to find a darkened corner to apparate from. Taking a deep breath, Harriet entered the house, pulling her trunk behind her. At the sound of the door closing, there was an immediate ruckus as the Dursleys all thundered to where she was standing in the hall. Amidst angry questions about where she'd been, and the chores she'd left undone, and where in the world did you get those clothes and that trunk? Harriet felt a smile spread across her face as she pulled her wand out of her pocket. Oh, she was going to enjoy this. Petunia's eyes immediately focused on the wand, and she gasped in horror, actually taking a few steps back. "Where did you get that?" She whispered in horror. Vernon stopped yelling at his wife's extreme reaction, eyes also focusing on the wand which Harriet was now using to casually tap the palm of the hand not holding it. "Oh, this? I got it from a wizarding shopping center," she said, faux casually. Vernon and Petunia gasped in outrage, while Dudley just looked confused. "I'll not have one of those FREAKS under my roof!" Vernon bellowed. "You will go to your cupboard and..." "I don't think so," Harriet said in a hard voice. And just like that, she wasn't an 11 year old girl in a cupboard anymore. She was the 19 year old who had learned early on that she couldn't let people walk all over her, or she'd end up dead, or worse. Who hadn't had the option of giving up, not if she wanted to create the life for her sister that she deserved, if she wanted to survive an alcoholic mother and living in the poorest section of London after her father passed away at age 12. She had clawed and scraped her way into a scholarship so she could attend university and get the fuck out of her situation. The Dursleys were nothing compared to what she'd already been through. "I wonder," she said in the same calm, hard voice, forcing them to go quiet so they could hear her, "if there are any spells that can turn a person inside out." The color left Petunia's face at that, and Harriet gave a vicious grin. "Or, perhaps there's something that can boil the blood inside your veins, or force you to disgorge any food you place into your mouth until you finally succumb to starvation." She looked meaningfully at Dudley, and Petunia gave an agonized sob. "You - you can't do any of that now, though!" Vernon said, a bit desperately, all bluster gone. Harriet hummed thoughtfully. "Well, no, but one day I will be able to. You can't keep me from going to school, you know that Petunia. They would descend on you and force you to send me if you tried to keep me away. There's nowhere you could hide from their spells and magic. And I promise," she said, eyes going flinty and cold as she stepped forward, wand pointed at them, causing all three to stumble backwards, "that if you continue to keep me in a cupboard, and starve me, and treat me as a slave, I will make you regret it. Maybe not now, maybe not even a few years from now. But I. Will. Come. And I'll start with your precious Dudders over there, she said with a lazy swirl of her wand. I wonder," she said, thoughtfully putting the end of it to her lips, "how poor Dudley will fair without his eyes." Addison chose that moment to rise from the folds of her hoody and hiss viciously at them, small body erect, violence in every line of his body. With a choked cry, Dudley stumbled backwards, falling with a loud thump on his generous rump, before scrambling to his feet and taking off for the stairs and his bedroom. Petunia and Dursley stood stock still, staring at her in disbelief and fear. "Though, of course, you have nothing to worry about if you follow a few simple guidelines. First: I won't talk to you if you don't talk to me. I am of course willing to do my fair share of chores when I'm here in the summer. I'll continue to cook breakfast, but I'll be allowed to eat it with the rest of you. I also enjoy gardening, so I'll continue to do that. Oh, and of course I'll keep my room clean." "You - you're room?" Vernon finally stuttered, his face turning an ugly purple color. "Oh, yes. I figure that the second bedroom isn't really being used, so I'll go ahead and take that. I think I'm outgrowing the cupboard. Plus, I wouldn't want any of the powerful wizards at the school to discover I've been sleeping there and fall to the wrong conclusions. Wouldn't want anyone getting...hurt," she said, a humorless smile coming across her lips as Addison hissed his amusement from her shoulder. "Of - of course." Petunia finally replied stiffly, shaking a bit in fear. "Right," Vernon ground out. "That all seems. Fine. Fine." Then he turned and stomped away, obviously too angry and scared to stay any longer. Petunia stood and stared at her for a long, long moment. "You aren't anything like her," Petunia finally said. "Lily would never have..." she looked away. Harriet shrugged. "Yes, well, I doubt you're much like her either. I'm assuming she wasn't the type to abuse small children." With that she walked by Petunia, tugging her trunk along behind her, and made her way to her new room.