kiss him?" "Please tell me you flirted with him!" "Tell me you didn't." Harry inserted himself between me and the Weasleys. "Back off, guys. Give her room to breathe. Hermione is fine. She and Krum seem to be on friendly terms." "Move over boys! Me and 'Mione are about to have a girl talk!" Ginny barreled her way past Harry and gripped me by the arms. She used her abnormal amount of strength to drag me to our bunks. She closed the curtains and faced me with a Cheshire grin. "Alright. Spill it, girl! I want every last detail! What is Krum like? Was he a sweetheart or is he an arrogant prat like Malfoy? Did he kiss you? Did you exchange addresses and promise to write? Come on then! Tell me everything!" "Well… Viktor is rather…" Her grin somehow grew wider. "Ah. You two on a first name basis?" "Stop interrupting me or I won't tell you anything." Ginny pinched her thumb and forefinger together and dragged them across her lips. Something I taught her, thank you very much. "Okay. Viktor was very sweet. His english isn't that great. I found it to be a rather endearing trait on him. And his accent is just lovely. He caught me, and the Snitch, and decreed that I was good luck. He took me to the hospital, he and his team guarded me, and then he distracted the press so me and Harry could leave. There was no declarations of love or promises of marriage. Sorry to disappoint you, but we parted ways as acquaintances and will probably never see each other again." Ginny groaned and fell on her back beside me. "You gotta give me more than that! What did it feel like to be in the arms of the greatest professional Seeker in the world?" "I wasn't focused him, more the ground that was a few kilometers below me." Ginny snorted. "Oh come off it. It wasn't that far of a drop. Besides, Krum looked like he had a pretty tight hold on you. You two looked awfully snug." Arthur renched the curtain aside. "We're under attack. Everyone get outside and start running for the forest. Now!" "No rest for the wicked." I quoted grudgingly as Ginny and I followed her father out of the tent. My hopes for a quiet year went down the proverbial drain as our group fought and failed to stick together as we ran away from Death Eaters. We lost Harry to the panicked stampede. Then Bill. Amos Diggory was lost as well and his son, Cedric, parted with us in an effort to find him. The rest of us just lost sight of each other. I followed Arthur's instructions and ran for the forest. It would be pointless to search for my friends in this mess. I ran with the crowd, keeping my head down and avoiding stray spells. A wandless Protego had saved me a few times. Though wandless magic was considered less powerful than those with, my Star Ball more than made up for it. Not once did my shield falter. After what felt like an eternity, I was in the protection of the woods. I spent hours more gathering the Weasleys together. The Diggory men found us and the party was back together again. Save one. Always one. "Where the hell is Harry?" Sirius, upon arriving and not seeing his godson, turned around and started prowling the area in search of the last Potter. Ginny was pacing a path into the dirt and Arthur was beside himself with worry. Ron was leaning against a tree, standing over his older brothers as Bill healed a nasty burn that Charlie got on his arm. Bill tried to soothe me. "Stop worrying, 'Mione. He'll find us." Sick of waiting, I abandoned the boulder I had been sitting on. "I'm going back. No doubt Harry got himself knocked out and is need of rescuing again." "I'm coming, too." Ron trailed after me. Arthur tried to stop us, but no one was going to keep me from finding Harry. It didn't matter that he was The Boy Who Lived or that he was a talented duelist or even that he was a boy and I a girl. Harry was a true Gryffindor in the sense that he didn't think before throwing himself into dangerous situations. He was ruled by his emotions and that made him vulnerable to manipulation. It is my duty as both his friend and his protector that I be there to talk him down from his rages and watch his back when he doesn't listen. It is my job to take care of him because he certainly doesn't do it. As to his embarrassment about being saved by a girl, he can suck it up and ignore his teasing peers. Society can go fuck itself anyway. Who said a woman couldn't save the day? By the time we backtracked to the open field, the sea of tents was nothing more than smouldering ash. Charred sticks stuck out of the ground like gravestones. It was hard to tell where one tent ended and another began. Ron and I never strayed too far in our search for Harry. I was reluctant to call out to him in fear of attracting undesired attention of possible Death Eaters, but that wasn't stopping Ron. A sudden green light in the sky provided enough illumination to see our shaggy haired friend crouching next to the remains of a tent. He was looking out over the field. I followed his sight, but didn't see anyone. "Harry! There you are!" After scouring the area for any dangers, I focused my concern on Harry. I drew him into a hug and checked his body for any injuries. "You worried me sick, you prat!" He didn't reply. Instead he gaped at the sky. At the green Death Mark moving among the stars. That settled it. We definitely weren't having a quiet year.