he hoped . Speaking of lying … Theo stilled suddenly. Oh Merlin. Of course – the answer had been plain and evident all along! He'd seen Zabini lie flawlessly, skillfully on some occasions during the past few years. He probably wouldn't notice it if he hadn't known what the truth had been through some other means. Zabini lied flawlessly. That was a fact . If he'd wanted to lie … … people would be believing it. Not suspecting he'd been covering up for Draco. Not been suspecting that Zabini was actually going to win but only deliberately made a mistake because Draco had bribed him. "Draco," Theo said, sharply, "answer me this – do you think, you would've eventually won, without him making the mistake? Assuming he continued as before the … misstep?" "Yeah, sure," Draco said impatiently. "I was using probably only 60 to 70% of the effort then. He'd stood no chance if I want to finish him quickly." Of course, but the crowd probably didn't knew that. Most people probably thought your skill levels were similar. Theo thought. And Zabini might not been as on par as with Draco's dueling skills, but Theo knew for one Zabini was more observant than most, even by Slytherin standards. And he'd been so much closer at that time and being actually involved, experiencing first hand. Draco might excel at dueling, but he didn't always play the power games nearly as well. Well, that was actually pretty fucking clever , Theo thought, closing his eyes briefly. "Hmm, I guess the rumors would die down soon," he said, placatingly. "I need to go now, got an assignment to finish." It was a lie, more like, he got a person to confront. Draco waved goodbye at him as Theo left. "Draco did not bribe you to let him win, did he?" Nott asked accusingly, glaring at him. Blaise looked up at Nott mildly, inserting the calculated amount of hesitance and unsureness, before saying a bit irritably, "Of course he didn't. I kept telling you everyone that, could you guys just stop asking this stupid question?" Nott narrowed his eyes coldly, "Well, that's because people are suspecting you're lying ." "And that's my fault?" Blaise raised an eyebrow at him. "I've been telling the truth all along." "Yes," Nott bit out. "Yes, it's your fault. It's your fault when you acted like you're lying when you're actually telling the truth!" So he figured it out. Blaise thought, slightly impressed. "You knew you're going to lose, didn't you?" It wasn't a question, more like an accusation, they were both aware of it. Blaise regarded Nott coolly, "What do you want? Malfoy won, and I never made a false accusation against him either." Nott stared at him for a moment, "So you admit to – to –" "Is that so? Have I admit to anything yet?" Blaise cut across Nott smoothly, a smirk in his voice, but they both knew that his secret was out, even if it wasn't said out loud. "I just stated some facts. Malfoy won, and I never made a false accusation against him either." "You're an arse," Nott muttered. Blaise just shrugged, "C'mon, we all fight to win in different ways. We're Slytherins. The rumors will die down soon enough, when people find more interesting stuff to talk about." It was true enough, though Nott still looked quite rankled. "You haven't told anyone yet, have you?" Blaise smirked. Nott glared back defiantly. "Maybe I have." Blaise's smirk broadened, "Oh, Theo , I don't think you have." He leant closer to him, "Keep my secret for me? If you swear an oath to, I'll tell you what I know about what special spells Pansy's secret tutor been teaching her." "Is it Granger?" Nott asked instinctively. "Ah, so you did know," Blaise murmured, sounding just a little appreciative. "I was wondering, I admit." "I'm rather good at figuring out stuff," Nott said drily. "So I've realized," Blaise said with a hint of a smile. "Wait – what you know of Granger's been teaching Pansy," Nott suddenly said, repeating his earlier words with suspicion. "Technically, I could've sworn an oath, and you could've tell me you know nothing , and –" he broke off when he saw Blaise's grin. "Ah, I was wondering if you'd catch that," Blaise laughed. "Clever, really. I do like you, Theodore Nott." "The feeling is definitely not mutual." "Pity, really." "I could find out on my own," Nott said coldly. "Plus, I'm still doubting whether you had any actual useful information about them or not. You could just be bluffing." "Mmm, probably," Blaise agreed easily, and before Nott could react, he whipped out his wand and directed it at Nott. Theo immediately reached out for his own wand as well, before realizing that Zabini had very subtly stole it away from him when he was busily accusing him. His eyes widened. "Pity, really," Zabini repeated, sounding a little wistful this time. "I'd hate to obliviate the one person clever enough to figure things out, leaving no one to appreciate the ingenuity of my plan." Theo knew he should be worried, and he should be trying to negotiate again, but the first thought that came to his mind was, Oh Merlin, why is he so fucking arrogant? "I figured it out once," Theo reminded Zabini coolly, "what's to say I won't figure it out again?" "True," Zabini murmured. "But that's from a collective knowledge of other people's talks and your own observations on me, and after this, you'll only have the former left." Theo stilled, knowing Zabini was right. If Zabini was also going to obliviate Theo's knowledge of how well he could lie … "Let's talk about Pansy and Granger again," he said. Zabini grinned at him, a predatory, taunting grin, "Pansy and Granger? Well, to be honest, you're right, I don't actually know anything about what Granger's teaching her. So … sorry about this, but … Obliviate. "