Ron's robes, pulling him down to her level. She pressed her lips to his roughly. Ron was stuck in place for a moment. He couldn't believe what was happening. Was Hermione Granger actually kissing him? In all his dreams, and fantasies, it had never felt as good as this. Finally he unfroze himself and wrapped his arms around her enthusiastically. Her lips were still moving on his fiercely, and he felt like his whole body was on fire. Her hands went around his neck and knotted in his hair, and his hands slipped lower down her waist. Soon she'd walked him against the wall, and he was glad for the curtain hiding them. Suddenly Hermione removed her lips from his, and began to kiss and suck on his neck. A rapid tingling feeling ran through his body, like he'd touched a live wire. She felt so good, she was so soft, so curvy, and she fit against him so perfectly. "Bloody Hell 'Mione," Ron groaned. "I've dreamed of this for so long," he let slip out and she stopped kissing his skin. She looked up at him with tears of happiness in her eyes. "Me too," She smiled brightly. "And I think I like that nickname," she said sheepishly. "What? 'Mione?" Ron asked, grinning so broadly it almost hurt. "Yeah," She blushed. "'Mione," He mumbled against her hair, as he kissed her temple. "Kiss me again Ron," She said in a small voice. Ron dipped his head down and kissed her passionately. As the kiss became more wild, Ron felt as though he were a balloon swelling with happiness. His hands were low on her hips, squeezing, as he kissed her throat. Hermione felt like she was on fire. Every place Ron touched was like he was zapping her with electricity, and she loved it. She knew she could easily get addicted to this, to the feeling of his slightly chapped lips kissing every inch of her skin. His hands were large, rough, and calloused from Quidditch, and she wanted them all over her. The build up they'd both felt for so long was finally being released, and euphoria was filling the two Hogwarts students to the brim. "Fuck 'Mione," Ron slurred as he felt Hermione grind against him slightly. "Your lips feel like velvet, and your lips taste like strawberries," He mumbled into the skin of her neck, she sucked gently on his earlobe. She seemed to like when he was honest with his feelings. He moved his mouth down to her cleavage, sucking and nipping at any and all exposed skin. His left hand ran up her thigh, and under her dress. He ran his hand along the waistband of her panties. "Oh Ron!" Hermione gasped, and Ron felt himself become even more flustered by her breathy moan. Her chest heaving with pleasure. "Ron? Hermione?" They heard someone whispering. It was Harry. "Fuck, Bloody Hell, shit," Ron began blasting off curses. "Ron!" Hermione giggled, still slightly out of breath. He watched her flatten her hair and dress, she was so damn beautiful. "I'm going to kill him," Ron mumbled. "Stop," Hermione hit him slightly, but she was still looking happy and smug. "I will," Ron promised taking her hand. "Or I'll make up some idiotic story about Malfoy, and he'll get all in a tizzy, and leave us alone for a while." "Don't worry, we'll find time to be together.. if, I mean if that's what you want?" Hermione ended cautiously. "Hermione," Ron rolled his eyes. "What have I just been going on about?" "Sorry," She said looking down. Ron felt a bit bad, after all, there were times he'd led her on, and treated her badly, she had a right to question him. "I can't wait," He whispered in her ear, kissing her cheekbone gently. She looked pleased, and content. "Guess we'd better go find Harry," Ron said grimacing. Hermione nodded, and they began to step out from behind the curtain. "By the way Ron," Hermione mumbled as they approached Harry. "I never did that with Krum." Ron's ears went red, and his smile was pleased, if not a bit smug. The brightest witch of their age had chosen him over super star Krum, and The Boy Who Lived, for that matter. "Hey Harry," Hermione called to her very concerned looking friend. Harry whirled around, and looked at them with eyes as large as plates. "Where were you two?" Harry demanded. "I circled the room twice." "Oh we were around," Hermione waved her hand. "You must've been distracted, you look awful." "Yeah well, I've got awful news," Harry said an anxious energy pulsating off him. "We've got to go somewhere else to talk though, too many people here." His two friends nodded, and they began making their way through the crowd. Ron heard Hermione mumbled a spell, but didn't quite catch it. He was about to ask her what she had done when a server passed with some fire whisky. He grabbed a glass downing it quickly. He hoped the burning taste would purge his mind of thoughts of Hermione naked in his bed, screaming his name, and jolt him into a more focused mood so he could pay attention to whatever Harry was so bothered about. "By the way Ron," Harry said absentmindedly. "You've got marks all over your neck, are you allergic to that robe?" Ron's eyes flashed to Hermione's quickly. She was hiding her laughter, but when she composed herself, he glanced at her chest. Her skin was clear, and as gorgeous as ever. It looked like his lips had never been there. Then he clued in that she must've covered them somehow with that spell. Harry was much too distracted to put two and two together. "Yeah I think I might be, thanks mate," Ron said, giving a sly grin to Hermione, and adding in a wink for good measure. Hermione squeezed his hand happily. This night had definitely not left her bored.