sound a lot like a pair of my friends," Pansy commented to Percy Weasley as they were finishing the tutoring session that day and gossiping. "Football jocks, hating each other at first, and then one day they started making out in the changing room –" Pansy's cellphone rang loudly and she gave Percy an apologetic smile as she answered, annoyed, "What do you want, Blaise? I'm in the middle of exchanging delicious gossip here." Percy rolled his eyes at 'delicious gossip' and listened as Pansy continued, after a few moments of silence, "Maybe you should use this chance to make her see you rather than going along with your stupid original plan. Not that I think your chances are high, in all honesty, but it's, well, higher than zero, isn't it?" Percy couldn't help it, he rolled his eyes in amusement again. "I … need to think about it," Luna said. "I'll reply to you tomorrow?" "Of course," Theo smiled at her. He could wait. He'd waited for Hermione for more than 2 years, hadn't he? He could wait for Luna for one day. She smiled at him and he felt his world lit up brightly. 13 Days Ago "I made this myself," Luna smiled at Theo, putting a necklace made of flowers around his neck as she tiptoed upwards to kiss him. "I think this looks pretty on you." 11 Days Ago "That's awesome," Hermione said as soon as she recovered from her initial shock. "She seems like a really nice girl, I'd love to meet her some time." She was glad she and Theo were talking over the phone and he couldn't see her face. When the phone call ended, she dialed another number, her hands shaking. "Blaise? Can you come over to my house?" He let her cry in his arms, before finally asking, trying not to let any bitterness slip into his voice, "Do you know why I keep helping you?" "Well," she sniffed, not realizing the underlying meanings of his words, "yeah you're a good friend for helping me, thank you." He realized she never noticed his feelings all along. Though to be fair, for the longest time she never realized Theo's feeling either. Blaise wondered if he should take Pansy's advice. "I love him," she said, helplessly, and Blaise bit his tongue. Now was definitely not a good time. "I know," he said, then, in a quieter tone, in a whisper that was covered by her sobs, "believe me, I've always known." 5 Days Ago "I told him," Blaise said, his voice monotonous. They were standing at the roof of one of the Hogwarts building that day. The sun was bright and the sky was blue, as blue as they both felt, for different reasons. "You told who what?" Hermione asked absentmindedly. Blaise's mouth twisted a little as he said, "I told Theo what I've been wanting you to tell him a long time ago." She spun around to face him. "What?! That's – you have no right to tell him. That's my feelings and I should be the one to tell him –" "Well, you obviously didn't , did you?" he sneered, bitterly. Pansy told him that this would ruin his chances but he just thought that he'd never had any chance anyway. "Why?" she asked angrily. "Why would you do this?" "Perhaps I've been hurt by you both so hard that I want to hurt you too," he shrugged, his voice sardonic. "When have we ever hurt you?" she replied, indignantly. "Intentionally? Never." He smirked a little, and watched in some strange and cold and bitter satisfaction as her face contorted in confusion as she started grasping what he really meant. "Want to know what I really feel towards you all this time?" She bit her lips, and said, shakily, "No. Don't. Don't ever bring this up and I might just forgive you for telling Theo that." "So you're not even letting me say it out loud?" " Don't ," she warned him again, her voice almost a hiss. "As you wish," he finally said, his voice lacking any emotions as he turned away to walk down the stairs, leaving her alone on the roof. Now Theo had been avoiding Hermione and she'd been trying to get a chance to talk to him, which hadn't been successful. Until now. It was at the same rooftop of the building again. Theo wasn't looking at her. He was glancing at some faraway spot, in the direction of the school lake. "I've always wanted to tell you –" she began. "If it's what I'm thinking, please don't," he cut across her, very softly. She stopped. He was right, though. What was the point of her saying out loud again, anyway? Confirming that they'd both been too ignorant as to miss the chance with each other? Would it change anything? "Do you love her?" Hermione asked, instead. "Yeah. I think so," he said, suddenly smiling a little, a very, very soft and small smile but Hermione noticed it anyway. It sent a pang of pain through her heart. "That's … good," she said. "Thank you." They stayed silent for a moment before Theo cleared his throat, "If there's nothing else, I should …" "Are we still friends?" Hermione blurted out. "Best friends?" He wanted to tell her yes, of course, but he thought that she at least deserved the truth after all this they'd been through. "In time," he finally offered. "Eventually, I think." She nodded, appreciating his honesty. "Okay. So … um …" He finally tore his gaze away from the spot on the lawn he'd been staring, and looked her in the eyes. "I've … got to go now. Take care of yourself." "You too," she whispered back. "Bye, Theo." "Bye," he gave her one last smile, a smiled mixed with so many emotions that could've meant anything, and left. In time. Eventually. She thought. One day we will be best friends again. -FIN-