it like that again." He settled lower, letting Harry fill him to the brim. Harry obeyed, watching as he repeated the action, color flashing across pale cheeks, jaw snapping shut. "Like that?" "Exactly like that, damn." He whispered, gripping the bedsheets as he felt Harry begin to move within him, sliding across that knot. "This is so good." Harry drug the tip of his tongue up Dracos' chin, shifting his knees up slightly, pumping. "You feel so good." He replied. Harry thrust slowly, heart thudding wildly behind his chest as he watched his husband coming undone, sweat soaked blonde locks falling into his face as his head tipped down. "You close?" "Very." He murmured, lifting grey eyes to meet green. "You gonna come for me?" Harry asked, sliding his hands along Draco's thighs and up his sides, dragging his fingernails lightly along his back, watching as grey eyes turned stormy, burning a hole through him. "Yes." Draco whined, biting his raw lower lip and reaching for his aching cock, giving a few haphazard strokes before spilling across Harry's stomach, shuddering with the force of his orgasm. Harry brought him close, brushing their lips together, but never kissing, letting their soft pants mingle together as he thrust upwards, his own completion nearing. "Please." Draco whispered softly, cupping Harry's jaw in his hand, spurring him on. He crumbled, streaming inside the blonde, body spazaming in an almost painful manner as he came. Harry kissed him languidly, hands roaming his back as he struggled to right his spinning world. "Wow." He managed to utter after what seemed like minutes of nothing but the sounds of their labored breathing filling the room. "That's not a strong enough word, Harry." Draco teased, grinning against his mouth, willing his heartrate to settle into something less lethal. He wrapped his arms around the brunettes neck, nuzzling his ear. He felt almost overwhelmed with affection for him, swallowing hard as tears prickled in the corners of his eyes. "I love you, Mr. Malfoy." "I love you more, Mr. Malfoy." Draco giggled, nibbling the ear. "Never." Harry chuckled. "You're probably right." He sat up slightly. "Probably? I'm always right." Draco let out a quiet whine, feeling Harry brush against that knot once more. "You're still so hard." Harry gave him an evil little smirk, hand trailing down to grip a cheek tightly. "That I am." "How?" "Well, you did ask if I would be able to last two rounds..." Harry lilted, shifting up and laying the blonde on his back, staying within him, allowing Draco to wrap his legs loosely around Harrys'. "That I did." Harry pushed Draco's hands up above his head, lacing their fingers together as he rutted slowly against him, shivering at the shift from before, where it had been rushed and hungry, to languid and passionate. He trailed kisses along Draco's shoulder, up the curve of his neck, relishing the soft, breathy whimpers falling from his lovers lips. "I love when you make love to me, Harry." Draco whispered. He giggled quietly against his ear. "I love getting to make love to you, Draco." He continued his unhurried pace, letting go of Draco's hands and piling them into sweat soaked platinum locks. Harry felt his heart swell painfully behind his chest with devotion for blonde. "I love every single second I'm inside of you, every single sound you make, all the whimpers and moans. Knowing that I'm the only one whose ever made you feel this way." He felt his breath catch in the back of his throat, emotion suddenly welling up. Harry felt hands cup his face, bringing their mouths together in a slow, tender kiss. "You're my favorite." Draco repeated the sentiment he had uttered earlier during their ceremony. He brought green eyes to meet his, searching them, seeing they were glassy. "We can't be crying while we're having sex, Harry." He chided, giving him a soft smirk. Harry pressed deeply inside him, watching that smirk slid off, lips parting in a wanton gasp. "I'm not crying, are you?" Draco growled, tugging the hair at the nape of his neck. "No, but I will be if you keep doing that." He moaned as the Boy Wonder repeated the action, sliding perfectly along that knot. "Oh my God." He whispered. "You think you're going to be able to come again?" Harry asked, looking down Draco circled himself. He continued to grind against him, each stroke agonizingly slow. "Harry!" He cried out, feeling his face flush with pleasure. "And I believe so." He giggled low and raspy in his throat. "That feel good, love?" "It feels phenomenal." He whimpered, hand roaming Harry's back, bringing him in for another round of searing kisses. "Phenomenal, hmm?" "Harry!" He said in a choked out moan as the brunette hit that spot over and over. "Merlin, you're hitting me just right." "You close?" Draco nodded, pushing dark bangs back for what seemed like the dozenth time. Harry sped his actions slightly, watching a red mouth drop open. "No, no don't speed up!" He whispered, twitching hard in his hand. "You want me to stay nice and slow?" Harry asked, orgasm beginning to pool low in his belly. He resumed his lazy strokes, watching as a fist was brought up to Dracos mouth, white teeth sinking into the flesh of his fingers. "Yes, oh yes." He sobbed, eyes drifting shut as he struggled to keep from falling over the edge. "I want you to look at me when you come." Harry commanded softly, watching blown grey eyes snap back open, strangled cry bursting from behind his fist as he suddenly came, seed spilling onto his stomach. "Harry!" Harry grinned, giving him a soft kiss, keeping his motion resolute as he felt his own completion burn through him, filling the blonde once more. "You're perfect." He whispered. "You're perfect." Draco repeated, holding him close as tried to settle his racing heart. "I love you, Mr. Malfoy." "And, I, you, Mr. Malfoy."