but Hermione shook her head. "No Ronald. While in their foster homes, Death Eaters are meant to learn to live without magic for the purpose of understanding what they couldn't before understand about muggles. These people are privileged beyond belief and have never had to work for much beyond telling their house elves what to do for them. For goodness sakes, the elves even punish themselves. Here, they will walk on their own two feet, cook their own meals, work for a living, take transportation the muggle way if necessary. They will learn to operate seemingly inanimate objects and learn about electricity. Perhaps they could even find reasons to help upgrade the magical communities. Think about it Harry, a tele in the dorm rooms! Let's not forget that each of the people on this list is someone influential in their own right." Harry grudgingly began to nod his head again. "I see where you're going with this Herms, but I just don't know. What if he, Malfoy, can't make this work? What if he hasn't changed his views on anything?" "That's exactly my point. Malfoy has never HAD a viewpoint on anything. He has always just done what he was told to do by his father. Professor McGonagal wants to see what his probation time has done for him. She wants to see if we can use him for the betterment of the school. She wants him to see me differently." Everyone took some time to process the information. It was difficult. Could Malfoy be trusted? No. Could he be beaten down? Yes. Would he reform? Maybe. Could he be a stand-up citizen? They didn't think so. Hermione took a five-minute shower and came to a conclusion about this? Definitely. What to do, what to do… The twins, beyond all odds, were the first to speak. "Well, I feel sorry for you Herms!" Hermione lowered her eyebrows and frowned in confusion. "Sorry for what?" "Your year with Malfoy is going to be an interesting one." "And you won't have us there to make it even MORE interesting!" "We've been working on a great new recipe called 'Wanker's Delight'!" "You just slip it into the wanker's pumpkin juice and," "Wait for it!" "WHAMO! They spill all their dirty secrets, their most embarrassing life's moments to whoever is near enough to hear it! They don't stop!" "We were attempting to brew Veritaserum, but we're nowhere near as gifted as you." Hermione looked ready to spit acid on the two. "That's barbaric! And completely unethical! The two of you are going to lose your license to brew if you keep that up! Has it even been sanctioned by the Department for the Regulation and Control of-" CRACK! CRACK! Both twins were gone in the blink of an eye, leaving a gaping brunette, a smirking ginger, another smirking ginger, and a smiling raven head. Feeling the need to offer some support to his friend, Harry put his hand on Hermione's shoulder, noting her skin was completely dry now, and her hair was beginning to frizz. She looked up at him with a red tipped nose and he smiled down at her. "Alright, Herms. If you really think you've got it figured out, because Merlin knows I don't, then I'm willing to follow you for a change. It's not likely there's anything we can do about this anyway as we've been able to change McGonagal's mind on just about ohhh… nothing in the past." Ron shuffled his feet towards the door to the girl's room, hands in his pockets. He appeared to want to argue but really wanted to put forth a new effort this year. No more temper tantrums. He wanted to grow up. Be a man. They were eighteen now after all. Nineteen for Hermione. Adults. "Alright then. But Merlin help me, Hermione. If he harms one hair on your head, or if he looks at me the wrong way, like if he blinks just one eye! I will hammer him. When that happens, no auror is going to be able to save him. I mean it." Hermione smiled at her boys. They really were growing up. She didn't know what this school year would actually bring, but she knew that she had dreamed of being Head Girl ever since she'd read her first copy of Hogwarts, A History. If she had to share her dream job with the likes of Malfoy, well, she wouldn't let him ruin this for her. She would do what she had to, to steer him in the right direction, or avoid him all together. A soft snoring drew the three friends attention to Ginny's side of the room. No one had seen her move, but Ginny was tucked underneath the covers, sleeping like a baby. Content to let the three who had saved her countless times take the lead once again and figure this out. Whatever outcome they decided on by morning would be one that most of the school would follow up on. Of this, she was certain. Hermione smiled as the boys filed out of the room, saying their goodnights. Closing the door, she turned and allowed the soggy towel to drop to the floor. Her twins sprang free and the peachy tips jiggled a bit as she walked in front of the mirror to the wardrobe. She sighed in contemplation as she pulled out a pair of sleep shorts and pulled them on. They were small and ran inside the crack of her ass, but they were still soft and comfy. It was definitely time for a new wardrobe, however. A little Sleak-Easy and her hair was once again frizz-free and petal soft. Forgoing a top altogether, Hermione exhaustedly flopped down onto her borrowed cot. Three days. Just three days and she would be back on the Hogwarts Express. "I am homeward bound." She whispered to the room, then licked her thumb and forefinger to extinguish the candlelight that kept her from total darkness.