was finally getting a wand. Things were finally looking up. / "Mum! Dad! The Hogwarts letter is here!" James Potter called down the hall. "Can we go shopping for everything now that we have the list?!" James had been waiting for the last month. His family knew the letter was coming of course, but his father had refused to take him for a wand until the list with the rest of the necessary supplies came. James, who was not used to being told no, had been begging Fleamont Potter for a fortnight to go shopping, but his father had held his ground. His father stepped into the kitchen and gently took the letter from his son's hands. "Let's see here - new robes, of course, and a new hat. A pair of protective gloves - those will be useful in Herbology and Potions - and a winter cloak. Same as when I went to school." His father continued to scan the list. "Lots of new titles on the book list - I see Fantastic Beasts is on here - I met Newt Scamander once or twice - bit of an awkward fellow, but very passionate about his work. "A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration - they began using that a few years after your mother and I graduated - let's see what else…" "Dad, you're an old man - of course they've updated the list - and besides, who cares about the books?" James whined. "Look here - it says first years require one wand - ohhh it also says we can bring an owl, cat or toad - can I have a kitten? Please?" "Do you really think you'll remember to feed a kitten, dear?" His mother asked as she came into the kitchen. James frowned. "Well, I suppose not…" "Perhaps an owl in a year or two," his father allowed. "They're right useful and very smart." "Sounds reasonable," James said amicably. "So can we go today? Can we?" Fleamont and Euphemia Potter looked at each other then smiled down at their son. "Let me just get my traveling cloak, dear," his mother said. "It's a bit rainy for July." "YES!" He jumped up and pumped a fist in the air. Every young witch and wizard dreamed of the day they would pick out their first wand, didn't they? It was finally happening for James. "I can't wait to get to Hogwarts," he told his parents excitedly as they walked the cobblestone streets of Diagon Alley later that day. "It's a shame they don't let first years play Quidditch - but there will still be matches to watch of course. One of the McLaggens is the captain - maybe he'll let me watch practices sometimes. And aren't there ghosts in the castle? And a huge lake?" "That reminds me - when you get to Hogwarts give Sir Nicholas my regards," his father told him. "He's the Gryffindor ghost - pleasant bloke. Shame about the way he died." "The way he died?" James asked. He was a curious child and ready to absorb every detail he could before he reached Hogwarts on September 1. "He was meant to be beheaded, but the executioner made a bit of a wreck out of the whole thing," Fleamont said. "If you ask him to tell the story he'll be happy to tell it - just be polite." "Right," James said, making a mental note to do so. "Hey, Mum, what about the Ravenclaw ghost?" "The Grey Lady wasn't much for conversation," his mother told him. James nodded seriously. One more check in the Gryffindor column. He knew his parents would be proud no matter what house he was sorted into, but he'd been weighing the pros and cons of both of his parents' school houses for the last few months, considering his options. Though Ravenclaw seemed respectable, Gryffindor seemed more the place for him. The boy wanted very badly to go to Hogwarts, not only for the adventure but also to make his parents proud. He knew Fleamont and Euphemia were quite a bit older than the average parents of an 11-year-old boy, and while they were both the picture of good health he had it in his head that going to school was the first step in making lifelong friends and finding the love of his life. He wanted his parents to see him happy and surrounded by love so that they never had to worry, even when they were gone. He planned to live his life to its absolute fullest from the very beginning, to make sure his parents knew he would always be okay. It was a little bit of a mad notion, but it was one he had grabbed hold of and was unwilling to let go. "Can we get my wand first?" He asked. "Please?" His mother smiled at him indulgently. "I suppose there's no harm in that," she told him. "We'll head to Ollivander's for that. Their wands are the best." "Yes!" James jumped up and down and rushed ahead, fully aware of the location of the store, which he'd walked by many times before, awaiting his turn to walk inside and test the instruments out. But when he reached the door he paused, enchanted by what he saw through the windows. Another boy his age, skinny with sandy-colored hair, was already being helped by a willowy old man with grey hair. The boy's arm moved in a graceful arc, and a stream of silver, glowing almost like moonlight, shot out of the wand. The display lit up the boy's face, and his eyes were sparkling with a look of wonder. It was an absolutely beautiful moment - but also a private one James suddenly felt he shouldn't interrupt. Showing great restraint, which was out of character for him, he took his hand off the door handle. He supposed he could wait another minute or two for his moment, if it meant letting the other boy have his.