went up to her, "You should probably open it when you get to your bed." They got to their dormitories and when she had her pajamas on, she opened the letter and it read. My dearest Lina, I have heard that you have made the TriWizard tournament, congratulations! I am sorry that I cannot be there to support you, for I am not well enough to travel. Inside the box was your mother's, and she wanted to give it to you for your birthday, but due to recent events, she cannot give this gift to you. So, I give this to you so that her spirit will live in your heart, and that you will pass this down to your children. You have my blessing, Lina. Love, Grandma Luna Lina was in tears by the time she read the letter. She wiped the tears away from her face with her arm and began to unfold the box. Inside was a dress! She held it up to get a better view. It was a one strap light purple dress with little silver beads around the top for a lining. Below it was a flowy bottom that was short in the front and long in the back. At the bottom of the box was a pair of silver high heels with a little strap at the front. She looked at the whole thing again, and put it back in the box under her bed and smiled. This was the dress that she was going to wear for the Yule Ball. Chapter 9 Tonight was the night of the Yule Ball and Lina was with Nyx in her room doing her hair. "Now, are you sure this 'waterfall braid' will go with this?" "Absolutely!" answered Nyx. She was doing Lina's hair for the Ball. Nyx's dress worked well with her blue hair. She put a white flower on the side to make it stand out more. "Hold still! You're wiggling too much." "Sorry." She was done one minute later and began to exit the Ravenclaw common room to go down to the great hall. "You coming?" "Yeah. Go ahead without me, I'll catch up." Nyx nodded and exited. Lina was now the only one in the common room. She took one last look in the mirror, and took out her wand and muttered the words, "Herbifors." Lina was now against the wall of the entrance. She could see Inferno talking to one of his friends, holding a bluebell flower in his hand. She took a deep breath and came into view. She felt everyone stare at her in awe. She slowly walked down toward Inferno, who was staring in admiration at her. "I brought you a bluebell because I know they're your favorite flower." He was wearing nice dress robes and had his hair combed. She gently took the flower from him. "Thanks." He put his arm out and she took it. The spell that Lina put on herself was a flower spell. She had a bright red rose her hair at the center of her braid and little lily flowers surrounding it all across her braid. "You look handsome, I must say, Inferno." "And like I said, you are the most beautiful girl here." She smiled. Professor Chaplin, the transfiguration teacher, came in with a roll of parchment in his hand. "Now, are all of you done? It is almost time. Miss Lovegood, you will go first, followed by Mr Venom who will go next." She turned around to see Saliva with a girl from Ilvermorny. She had light brown wavy hair that was down and a butterfly in it. She wore a mint green dress that was long and flowy. "Inferno? Who's that?" "Oh, that's Sage. She is actually my step sister. My father remarried after my mother had me. She is actually your age, 11." Lina stared at her for a little bit. It looked like Saliva was rather fond of her, in a way. He kinda stayed distant, but kept his eyes on her at all times. "I think he likes her." "Yeah." As the doors of the great hall opened, people were gathering around a sorta rather pattern. She and Inferno started to move forward and people started cheering for them. They started clapping and waving, girls wearing beautiful dresses, while the boys were wearing new dress robes. Lina was still holding onto the bluebell that he got her, and kept holding onto it. They entered the dance floor, and it was a moment of silence. She grabbed onto his shoulder with her right hand and held his hand in her left. Inferno grabbed her waist with his left hand and held her hand with his right. The music started playing at a beautiful tune and the two partners started dancing. He lifted her in the air at points where it got loud, and let her go down at quieter parts. More people started to go on the dance floor, including Nyx and Sam, Headmaster Lupin and Professor Chang, and Professor Jival and Madam Pomfrey. More and more came on until too many were on and Inferno and Lina had to squeeze their way through the crowd. They were out of breath by the time they got through. "Wow!" gasped Lina. "You look like that you need some punch, I'll be right back." He ran to the table with the punch and other food. She sighed and held on tight to the bluebell. She saw that Nyx and Sam were out and gasping for air, too. Nyx turned her way and gave a smile and a thumbs up. She smiled back as Sam dragged her over to the table Inferno was. He came back a moment with two punches in his hands. He gave the one on his left to her and kept the other one for himself. "Thanks," she managed to say as she drank a mouthful. "This is really refreshing." "No problem." He took a sip