effort to stay grounded. "Are you hurt?" "No," he spat immediately, doing his best to fix Potter with a glare. "Just can't quite believe I'm actually being held prisoner here in this shithole." His voice was shaking, and he was all too aware of how unconvincing he was. Potter was looking at him strangely, and his skin crawled under the stupid, do-gooder stare. "Well, are we going or not?" he demanded brusquely, pushing himself off the wall and straightening up. Potter sighed and turned away, heading to Draco's despair to another set of stairs. The floor they were currently on was much smaller than the previous ones, with only three doors leading off it, and the stairs leading on up were much narrower and less ornate. And as Draco reached for the banister, he heard voices from behind one of the doors – quiet, thoughtful, articulate… He heard a laugh, the thud of footsteps, and suddenly his heart lurched in his chest with a mixture of terror and hope. It drove him up the stairs faster than he thought possible, and as he made it to the top and into the shadows of the next floor he heard one of the doors below fly open. Bending his head, he could just make out a flash of long ginger hair – Ginny Weasley, of course. She darted downstairs and away, and behind her came a blonde girl with a much slower gait. "… Tyrimoots are very much an endangered species," she was saying in a soft, sing-song voice. "It's a shame their magical properties make them so attractive to hunters." "Luna," another voice said flatly, "In order to be endangered, they'd first have to exist." And then she came into view, moving after the blonde girl. She had a book under her arm – god, of course she did – and her hair was loose and bushy and wild down her back. She was wearing jeans and a dark jumper, and as she went her hand came up and tried to tuck her hair back behind her ear, and he caught a momentary glimpse of the side of her face. He stood there, terrified she would look up and see him, terrified she wouldn't. He opened his mouth, and then closed it sharply. And then she was gone, hurrying down the stairs after the others, and Ginny's laughter died away. "Malfoy?" He flinched around. For one moment he had actually forgotten that Potter was even there. Furious with himself for being so careless, he raked a hand through his hair and dragged himself up the last couple of stairs, his mind racing. They had apparently reached the final floor, and this landing only had two doors. The roof was slanted sharply – they were in the attic. Potter kicked one open and let it fall closed again. "We're using that one for washing and storage and things – it's kind of a junk room. You'll be in here." He pushed open the second door and stood back to let Draco in. The room was very small. It had a single bed and an upturned box acting as a bedside cabinet and a rickety chest of drawers crammed in. Opposite the door was a low window with a view over the rooftops around them, and he could see the flickering lights of various houses in the dark night. The wallpaper was flaking off in great white pieces and the floorboards were bare and cracked. But as Draco entered it, he felt as if the whole place was a sigh of relief. Despite the circumstances, this was a place that, for now, he could breathe in. He put his suitcase down, hoping to relieve some of the pain in his chest. Potter was hovering awkwardly in the doorway, and Draco crossed to the window to avoid looking at him. He surveyed the surrounding rooftops, the streetlamps far below. He tried to keep his shoulders straight, to shake off the air of sickness that Potter had clearly noticed. The other boy cleared his throat. "Do you need anything? I mean, kitchen's off limits for a while – to everyone, not just you, but if you–" "No." Potter hesitated a moment longer. "Bathroom's on the third floor. And there's another on the first floor. I'm not sure who'll be around in the morning – people will be going out, have things on…" "Fine." The Golden Boy seemed to finally have run out of things to say. He lingered there for a couple more seconds, and then the creak of the door hinges announced his departure. Draco turned, forcing him self to speak up. "Thanks anyway," he said stiffly, hardly able to get the words out. "For the prison cell." He wasn't sure if he was trying to be funny or insulting. He had meant to sound at least civil. But Potter finally gave a wry smile and nodded before tugging the door closed. As soon as he was gone, Draco threw a charm at the door to lock it and then silencio'd the entire room. He had learned the hard way after the first few times it had happened that it was not a quiet experience. And it was coming, he could tell. He could feel it rising in his chest, feel the agony pulsing in his temples. He sat down unsteadily on the window sill and buried his head in his hands, hoping desperately that it would be quick. He barely even had time to take off his coat before the wall of pain hit him, before his whole body seized around him and then automatically curled in on itself. There on the floorboards, shaking and whimpering, he tried his best not to scream. But of course he did. He always did, eventually. Let me know if you liked it! I'll try to post the next chapters soon - still sorting out a couple of bits and pieces :) Thanks for reading. SUPRNTRAL LVR