desk, I want to see the damage." He obeyed, commanding his jelly-like legs to move. He rest his torso against the desk, bottom propped up. Harry moved closer, brushing his fingers across red skin, seeing faint outlines of digits across pale flesh. He pressed kisses along each cheek, working his way towards the center. "Harry, oh my God." Draco muttered, glancing behind him as he felt lips moving inwards. He shuddered as he was spread once more, tongue swiping his entrance. He twitched hard, feeling the brunettes essence slipping from him. "You dirty little fucker." He giggled. Harry hummed in appreciation as he lapped up his own seed that was steadily dripping from Draco's pucker. "You're so sexy." He murmured, dragging his tongue flat against the skin, feeling both of the blondes thighs quake. Harry shifted, spreading him further and sucking his opening once more, the boy's startled cry music to his ears. "You have no idea how bloody brilliant that feels." Draco whispered, pleasure racking him as Harry drew his flesh into his mouth. "Does it?" Harry asked in a rhetorical manner, nibbling the now bruised flesh before latching on once again. He reached down and gave himself a few slow strokes, cock stirring at the uninhibited moans pouring from Dracos' mouth. "Phenomenal." He said with a soft giggle, looking over his shoulder to see green eyes giving him a feral look. "But if you go any harder, I might not have any blood left in my extremities, baby." He increased the suction for a few moments until he tore an almost painful sounding wail from the blonde. Harry growled, pulling away and running his thumb over the dark skin. "It's so red, I could seriously do this all day, Dray." He kissed the bruised flesh once more, dragging the tip of his tongue around. "Is it like...did you put a hickey there?" Draco asked. Harry laughed, standing up and rutting himself between saliva slick cheeks. "Yeah, pretty much." He leaned in, kissing at the back of his neck. "It looks so good, all slicked up." He whined, turning his head to allow the brunette to take his mouth in a hungry kiss. "Oh Merlin." Draco whispered, feeling the boy thick and hot against him once more. "You look so amazing right now." He whispered, close to the Adonis' ear, watching as grey eyes fluttered shut. "So pink and sweaty, that perfect hair all messed up." Harry slid inside him, earning a sharp gasp at the intrusion. "Just so full from me." He began a slow, rutting fuck, taking his time as he thrust against his husband. "Coming into my office and just begging me to fuck you against my desk." He wound a hand into damp locks, turning his face so that he could nibble his earlobe. "Is this what you wanted, Draco?" He murmured in a low rasp, sucking the flesh there. Draco cried out, mouth going slack as each carefully placed thrust bumped into the bundle of nerves inside him. He felt dizzy with his need for the Boy-Who-Lived, heart thudding rapidly behind his chest. "Yes." "Yes, what?" He countered, hand smoothing down his side, gripping his hip gently as he continued his languid pace, watching his lover crumbling with each movement. "I want you to say 'yes, fuck me just like this.'"His voice was gravelly, orgasm burning right at the very edge. Draco gaped, cock twitching painfully. "Yes, fuck me just like this." He murmured, wishing desperately he could reach down and stroke himself. Harry giggled, turning into a snarl as he gave a harsh thrust. "Say it again." "Yes, f-fuck me just like this!" He moaned, feeling as though Harry were stealing all the air around him. Draco tilted his head once more in an attempt to gain a kiss. Harry growled, slamming into him and kissing him fiercely, feeling blood blossom from someones busted lip. He felt Draco shudder violently below him, breathy cry between their parted lips signaling he was coming. He sighed, letting his own orgasm take hold, shaking as he poured himself into the quivering lump that was his husband. "No more." Draco whimpered, entrance stinging as Harry moved away. "You hurting?" He asked softly, reaching for his wand and casting a cleaning charm. Harry watched as the blonde wormed his way into his bottoms before turning around and leaning against the edge of the desk. He noted a red, raw lower lip. Draco scoffed, trying to smooth his hair back into some sort of semblance. "You wrecked me." He rolled the sleeves of his dress shirt up, still warm from their romp. "Of course I'm hurting!" Harry simpered, reaching out and taking his hand. "Really?" He searched his face. "I'm just really sore, all that sucking you did got me a little...raw." Draco smirked as Harry kissed the top of his hand. "You think you'll be up for giving me a little payback when we get home?" Harry murmured, green eyes alight with mischief as he drew him in for a slow, sweet kiss. "You lush!" Draco exclaimed, giggling. "I'm sure I'll recover in time." Harry glanced at his watch. "Now, go on! You've interrupted my day long enough, Malfoy! I have a meeting soon." He kissed him gently once more, batting the hand that tried to pinch him away. "Is that all I am to you, Malfoy? A quick lay!" Harry laughed, casting a spell to reverse all the security measures the blonde had taken. "Excuse me, but you are the one who came looking for me." He countered, biting the tip of his tongue as he saw fire flash in grey eyes. "I hate you." He muttered, standing up and pushing the brunette lightly by the shoulder. "Mmm, but I love you so, Draco." Harry lilted, scooting up to his desk as the lithe little creature made his way to the door. Draco giggled, affection for his lover surging fiercely through him. "I'll see you later, baby."