them off then?" He murmured, reaching between them and sliding the zipper down, making sure to brush the back of his hand along a twitching length. He pushed his jeans and briefs down to his knees, reaching up to cup the side of Harry's face before giving him a few slow kisses. "I really hope no one comes peeking over their side of the fence." "At least your arse is cute." Harry replied, wrapping his arms around Draco's neck. "That's not what I'm worried about." He said in a low voice, slipping two fingers into Harry's mouth, coating them in saliva. "I'm worried about them seeing me pound you into this blanket." He reveled in the sharp gasp from kiss swollen lips at his words. Draco rubbed the slick fingers around his entrance. "Oh, that's what's going on here?" Harry countered, accepting the fingers back into his mouth, swirling his tongue around. "Something to that effect, I suppose." Draco swept wet fingers across his entrance before sitting back slightly, dripping spit into his hand, coating his length. He drew slow circles with his tip, watching as a chin tipped back, jaw slack with a quiet moan. He pushed carefully into the boy, seeing hands fly up to his mouth. "Be quiet, Harry." "It's so thick!" Harry growled, pleasure surging just behind the sting. "You'd better relax then, huh?" Draco chided playfully, free fingers wrapping his fingers around Harry, stroking slowly as he sank. "Draco." He whimpered, bringing him close for a few searing kisses. "Oh my God!" He mewled against Dracos mouth. Draco groaned, feeling their bodies finally flush. "Yes, oh yes." He whispered, fingers reaching up to trace Harry's face, the sound of crickets filling his ears, a soft breeze floating over them as he kissed the brunette gently. He could hear someone rustling their trash to the bin, bottles clinking. "Making love to you out here in the yard, where anyone could just peek over the fence and see you naked, spread out under me." He gave a slow, deep thrust, watching as color rushed down Harry's neck. "Just taking this cock." Draco laughed softly, kissing along his neck. "Christ." Harry muttered, heartbeat thudding in his head as the blonde moved at a nearly deadly speed. "You talk to me like this, then you expect me to be quiet?" Draco chuckled, nibbling the shell of his ear, feeling legs hook around his waist, trying to draw him closer. "You'd better try." He replied, sealing their bodies together, continuing his careful rutting. He reached forward, grabbing yet another ice cube and popping it into his mouth, dragging a cold tongue across the heated skin of Harry's neck. " Malfoy ." Harry snapped, orgasm beginning to worm its way back front and center. He let out a feral moan as pleasure washed over him, the blonde suddenly filling him to the hilt. "Feel good?" He lilted, pressing his tongue to a steadily bobbing Adams apple. "Are you...oh! Are you kidding me?" He wound fingers into blonde locks, nails digging lightly into his scalp as Draco continued to hit the spot inside him. "You're hitting me just right and, oh... oh that ice feels so good." He sighed, going limp as cold lips and tongue tugged at each nipple. " Draco ." "I love when you say my name like that, you are so bloody perfect." He shifted, bending the boy enough to hook his ankles around his neck, sinking all the way in, eyes drifting shut at the stuttering gasp issued from Harry's lip. "Just like that?" He murmured in a raspy voice, pressing lips to a tight calf. Harry wailed, stuffing his fist into his mouth, eyes rolling back as Draco moved within him. "Oh fuck, oh fuck." Draco chuckled, keeping his pace steady, aching with his need to come but not ready to be done. He felt any breath leave his body as he watched lips curl into a devastatingly evil grin, green eyes tilting up to lock with his. He knew this meant trouble. "You're such a stud." Harry mewled. "I want more of those nice, deep strokes." He giggled, hearing someone walking in the narrow alley between their complexes. "Yeah?" Draco replied, indulging the boy, gripping his thigh and sliding slowly inside him, heart leaping at the soft groan bursting from swollen lips. "Like that?" "Mmm, exactly like that." He tucked an arm under his head, giving himself a few strokes with his free hand, wiping the steadily dripping pearls of pre-cum away. "You're going to make me come if you keep this up, Draco." "Make you come, already?" He said, giving him a sly grin, slipping all the way in, earning a screech. "Isn't it a little early?" Draco chided, cupping him by the balls, gripping gently. " Draco ." "So full...just waiting to come all over yourself, aren't you?" He murmured, swallowing hard as Harry shuddered, squeezing him tightly. "Are you trying to get me to come right now?" Harry said with a breathy whine. Draco giggled, circling Harry around his base and jerking him firmly, delighting as the brunette shouted, seed spilling over his hand onto his torso. "For fucks sake, Dray." Harry muttered, seizing below the blonde, gasping as his orgasm finally settled into something manageble. "You're going to make the neighbors come to the gate, they are going to think I'm beating you." "Draco, come!" Harry whined, reaching out and splaying his hand on a tight chest. "Please." He laughed, giving him a few harsh thrusts, watching Harry's mouth drop open, guttural moan spilling forth. Draco sighed, emptying himself inside his husband, fingers digging into the back of Harrys' thigh. "There, happy?" Harry bit his lower lip, giving the blonde a slow grin. "Very." He settled his legs on the blanket, bringing Draco close, kissing him deeply. "Mmm, you think the wine is still cold?" Draco murmured, kissing his forehead. "Probably not now that you've used up all the ice cubes!"