the answers. I still cannot believe that my Aunt and Uncle would keep such a big secret from me. But then again, it's exactly like them to do something like that. When I read your letter last night, it was all I could do to no kill them on the spot. But if they know I know, I will never leave this house again, so I have to act normal. Whatever normal is. I am sad that I cannot know who you are, but I understand. Will you tell me when you see me at school? Speaking of school, where is it? And how do I get there? I attached my reply to Professor McGonagall with this letter. Can you make sure she gets it? Yours, Harry Potter Once again, Harry snuck out that night to attach his letters to the snowy owl's leg and send them on their way to Hogwarts. Days and days passed without any spotting of the beautiful snowy owl. Harry roamed the neighborhood almost every day, scanning the sky in hopes of seeing his messenger. His messenger, he reminded himself. The owl, after all, was technically his, or so the Helper had said. He hadn't yet thought of a name for her, though, wanting to give her a wizard-y type of name instead of a common name. On the night between the 30th and the 31st of July, Harry was sleeping soundly when he was pulled out of his slumber by an unknown noise. He sat up, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, wondering what woke him up. He listened carefully, and there it was again. A low tapping at the door. He jumped out of bed and out of his cupboard, not wanting the noise to wake up the Dursleys. He once again unlocked the door, finding the snowy owl standing in front of him, but this time accompanied. Three more owls were perched on the garden wall, a stack of books between them. He hesitantly stroked the snowy owl's beak, and to his delight she didn't flinch. On the contrary, she seemed to quite appreciate the gesture. He thanked the four owls, took the books and watched them fly away into the night before going back inside and reading the note attached. Dear Harry, Sorry for the absence. Your owl needed a little bit of rest before the next trip, and I figured I should wait and send the books at the same time. These books are your school books, as you will have guessed. I would read over them before term if I were you, but if you are anything like your father you probably won't do that. To get to Hogwarts you must take the Hogwarts Express from King's Cross Station, in London. On the morning of the 31 st of August, someone from Hogwarts will come you pick you up. You will go shopping for the remainder of you school supplies that afternoon, and sleep in the pub before taking the train with everybody else the next morning. The staff member will take care of your Aunt and Uncle. That's all I know for the moment. Your letter has been given to Professor McGonagall. The whole staff is thrilled to have famous Harry Potter join them. Speaking of which…I think it is time you knew. Many years ago, a dark wizard named Lord Voldemort ruled over the magical community. Everyone lived in fear, never knowing who to trust. He had followers called Death Eaters, and they did his every bidding. We were all so scared of him that no one dared speak his name. We simply called him You-Know-Who, and still do to this day. It is important that you not pronounce his name. Anyway. Lily was a good witch, smart and kind, and your father was a good wizard too. We suppose that You-Know-Who wanted to try to get them on his side, or to get rid of them all together. It's a big mystery, really. All that is certain is that he showed up at your house, killed your parents and tried to kill you. We're not sure why he tried killing you though, probably just wanted to do a clean job. He didn't succeed in killing you, obviously. That is why you are famous. When You-Know-Who put his mind to something, nothing stopped him. After he decided to kill someone, they couldn't escape him. But you, only a baby, survived. You survived, with nothing but a lightening-shaped scar on your forehead. Yes, that's where the scar comes from. You, Harry, are the Boy Who Lived. One last thing. My identity will never be revealed. Sorry, but it has to be that way. A knock on his office door caused Professor Snape to look up from the letter he was writing. "Come in." He said coolly. "Good day, Severus." Dumbledore's bright blue eyes stared at him from under their half-moon protection. He quickly covered his piece of parchment with another, looking up at the Headmaster. "What are you trying to hide from me?" Dumbledore asked calmly. "Nothing, Headmaster. What did you want?" His answer didn't dissuade Dumbledore, however, and he made his way to Snape's desk to look at the parchment he had hidden. " Dear Helper," it read " Thank you for all the answers. I still cannot believe that my Aunt and Uncle would keep such a big secret from me. But then again, it's exactly like them to do something like that." He looked up at Severus, who didn't dare lift his eyes from the ground. "Severus. Even though I haven't seen the signature of this letter, I can easily imagine who it is from. Care to explain?" "He…he's her son, Albus. He had to know. That family…they'll never let him come. They don't treat him right. He's her son. I couldn't let it happen. But he must never know. Never." Severus explained, his voice threatening to crack. "Lily? After all this time?" "Always."