his hand. "You're so hot." He murmured, sitting up after Draco had settled, back rising and falling with slow breaths. He reached for a pair of discarded underwear and wiping his hand before pulling his own briefs off, resting his cock against saliva slick cheeks. "You ready?" He asked, nipping at the shell of an ear. "Oh, you think you're fucking me on me birthday?" Draco replied, turning his head to look at the brunette, whose eyes were dark, sparkling with lust and mischief. He let out a whiney moan as Harry nudged his entrance with his tip. "Your dick is so warm." Harry laughed, kissing his jawline. "Why wouldn't I?" He murmured, spitting into his palm and slicking himself before nudging once more. "You're all wet and ready to go." He pressed gently, tip slipping easily inside the blonde. Harry sucked at the space behind his ear. "It's so warm because that's where all my blood is currently residing." Draco giggled, wriggling his bottom back. "I can tell, there's an awful lot back there." "And you're going to take every bit of it." He murmured, gripping his chin and giving him searing kiss, twisting their tongues together. Harry reveled in the sharp gasp issued between their swollen mouths as he sank. "Oh my God, Harry." He mumbled, rubbing his face against the pillow as he reached for it, wrapping his arms around it. "I love you so much." He whispered, nuzzling his nose into damp locks, breathing in the smell of his husband and the scent of their sex. He ran a hand down Dracos side, fingers tracing ribs as he was finally seated, giving the blonde a few moments to adjust. "I love you too." He mewled, pressing his face into the pillow, letting out a squeal as Harry gave a slow thrust. "You okay?" Harry asked, kissing at the back of his neck. He nodded, giggling. "It feels good." "Does it?" Harry replied, scooting the boy's legs together and shifting further onto Dracos' hips, allowing him to slide all the way in, earning a guttrual screech. "Oh, for the love of Merlin, Harry!" He gasped, turning his head to look at the brunette. "Mmm." Harry murmured, kissing along the shell of his ear, keeping his thrusts slow and measured, relishing every soft sound falling from full, kiss swollen lips. "You're beautiful." He watched as color deepened in pointed cheeks. "Roll me over, I want to snog you." Draco said quietly. He bit his lip as the brunette pulled carefully away. "Put some actual lube on that thing!" He chided, flashing him a sly grin as he turned onto his back, propping himself up on a few pillows and watching as Harry reached for the bottle. "You want to snog me?" Harry lilted, slicking his length and climbing between his thighs once more. "Who know you could be so sentimental?" He ran his clean hand through blonde locks, settling their torsos together. "You're a prat." Harry laughed against his lips. "I'm just saying." "Shut up, aren't we supposed to be kissing?" Draco snapped, wrapping his arms around his neck. "So rude." Harry chided, kissing him deeply, tongues swirling until they were both out of air. He pulled away slightly, seeing red lips parted, eyes closed. "I guess that shut you up." Harry hooked both legs and settled them on his shoulders. He reached between them, giving himself a few strokes before pressing into the blonde. "Lean forward." Draco murmured, crossing his ankles around Harry's neck when he obeyed, allowing the Boy Wonder to sink all the way in, brushing the knot inside him. He let out a breathy moan, eyes threatening to roll back. Harry grinned. "Yeah?" He teased, lifting the boy slightly, resting his backside against his knees as he started a slow pace, hand resting on a full cheek. Draco growled, jaw dropping open as pleasure surged through him. "Harry!" "Draco!" He countered, planting hands on either side of the blondes head, thrusting deeply into him, watching as stormy eyes rolled back. "Merlin, I know I just keep saying it but you are just stunning." He drug the tip of his tongue up his chin before sealing their mouths together, orgasm burning right on the edge as Draco mewled into his mouth. He cried out, hand snaking between them to grip himself tightly. "No, no! I want you to come." Harry murmured, dragging a hand through sweat soaked blonde locks, fingers trailing along the curve of his face. "Baby." He whispered, heart pounding in his ears as Harry moved within him, body trembling with the effort to last until Draco had come for a second time. Harry locked his gaze with Draco's giving him a few harsh thrusts, watching a red mouth drop open, flushed chest heaving as he pulsed in his hand. He grinned, relief washing over him as he poured himself into his husband. "Merlin." He breathed. Draco whimpered, untangling his legs and bringing Harry in for a slow kiss. "Merlin." He echoed, grinning against his lips. "And here you were bitching because I wanted to fuck you on your birthday." Harry lilted, sitting up and slipping carefully from him. "Mmm, don't make me kick you." Draco murmured, stretching out on the bed, body thrumming with the afterglow of his orgasm. "Your legs are most likely jello, so I'm sure not much kicking with be done, Malfoy." Harry countered, shifting to the edge of the bed in a quest for a wand. He chuckled, the motion shaking his stomach. "I suppose you're right." Draco gave him a slow grin. "But I will get you later." Harry cast a cleaning charm. "You think you can handle three O's in a row, love?" He sat back on the bed, toying with the sheets. He rolled his eyes, shifting onto his hip. "You think I'm too old or something now, Mr. Malfoy?" Draco chided. Harry giggled. "I suppose you'll just have to prove me wrong then, eh?"