grateful. '' . He stopped and rubbed this forehead as if he had a headache. '' Believe me Severus, it was one of the saddest things i had ever seen. Lily and James, both kissing in tears their daughter, for the last time. They promised her if this nightmare in which they had been living for so long ended, they would take her back. Lily put around her a necklace which had a deer shape and thrusted to me to take her to a better, safer life...This is all, Severus. The McRivers kept their promise and loved her as their own child Remus kept visiting them as a family friend, not telling her that he was her godfather, one of the best firends of his deceased father. I did my best, which isnt't to be underestimated, to make sure she was having a beautiful childhood, just as her real parents would have wished. We kept her off all of these, now even Juniper doesn't know that she was adopted or Harry Potter, a classmate, is her twin brother. I don't think that we were wrong keeping her as a secret. But if I knew she would be an exact copy of her mother, I would have warned you. I realised this fact only at the feast. You know, I couldn't have visited them, that may have caused some doubts. Then I thought whether or not i should tell all to you before you run into her. But, dear Severus, although i knew you would recognise her at once, i couldn't warn you I feared that you would do whatever you can to avoid seeing her. So, I was really wondering when you would come thundering in to question me. '' he finished, smiling slightly. Severus Snape was silent and still. He was very confused. Though the angry look of his eyes dissappeared, he hadn't yet forgiven Dumbledore totally. Only he knows how much pain he had been through, how much he wished to see Lily again. He would have even standed her marriage, if only she was alive. He still wondered how he had been able to avoid collapsing when he saw the girl and now he didn't know what to do. He sank into one of the chairs that stood in front of the desk and Dumbledore took the other one, facing directly him. '' So now what ? '' Snape asked between his fingers. '' Will you keep lying to her forever ? Will you let her live without knowing the truth ? I dare say you won't be able to, even if you wanted. Not many people seem to remember Lily as a girl, but she inherited the same eyes as her brother. Soon enough someone would match the pieces. Even if it weren't for her eyes, she may grow physically to be the woman her mother was. No, this way or that way, someone will know and reveal the truth. ''. '' Well, that's indeed probable. Still, I disagree with you. Many people wouldn't think it that way, I suppose. They may realise the resemblance but would find other explications. Nevertheless, I am afraid that she would have a hard time like whole wizarding and muggle worlds when Lord Voldemort returns. You know, I expect a war between '' the good and the evil ''. If I am not much wrong, she wouldn't stay indifferent to such a thing and then it wouldn't be that important whose daughter she is. Like everyone who stands against Lord Voldemort, Juniper will be in mortal danger too. Lily and James fought against him, Lawrence and Galanthia had left their peaceful life to do the same. I can't be too wrong to expect the same of her. There is a possibility that, if he knows about her, Voldemorts targets Juniper especially, like her borther. So, what do you think Severus ? Shall we reveal this secret in order to gain to the siblings some beautiful childhood memories together or keep it hoping to minimize the risk ? '' Snape said, between his fingers, with difficulty : '' I don't know. I need to think. My head...it feels like exploding… ''. Dumbledore : '' You had been through a lot of feelings today. I am sorry. It is really a question on which we should think carefully, after all the things that happened.''. He fell in a thoughtful silence for a few minutes and added : '' About her incredible resemblance to Lily… It is very rare that children keep the looks of their parents while they are growing up. Her experiences, feelings will be different, so don't worry. I don't expect her to look this exeactly like her mother for all her life.''. He paused and looked worryingly at Snape. '' Then… What will you do Severus ? I know that you keep your heart cold against Harry, but will you be able to do the same thing to Juniper ? Won't your heart hurt ? ''. Snape take his hands off the face. There was a determined look in his eyes. '' My heart ? You know that I don't use it except for pulping blood, at least not any more. Of course, I will be able to deal with it. I was naturally in shock at first, i thought my mind was playing a game to me, but now I am fine. I will keep doing whatever i was doing. What else i can do ? Were you expecting me to give up giving classes because of this resemblance ? I know it is not her. I know, just like Potter, she is his child too. I won't loose myself upon such a thing.''. Dumbledore sighed once more. '' Severus, i hope you won't. But you will see sooner or later that, just like Harry, she is also her child. You will see this truth in her more easily than you see it in Harry, i expect. ''