be a valid fear of yours," Rose said. "I'm sorry about that. They really don't hate you that much. I think it's more of an appearances thing for our families than genuine dislike. We don't really know each other well enough to hate each other." "Very philosophical of you." They walked the next few meters in silence until Rose stopped. "Ok. I'm just going to come out and say it and please don't interrupt me because it is really hard to say because you'll think I'm completely mad." She squinted at the ceiling and took a deep breath. "My cousin gave me a potion as a birthday present that promised a Perfect Day only it put me in a time loop instead so I've been living the same day over and over now for almost two weeks. During this time, we've spent quite a few days together for some reason but of course for you it's like they never happened. But they've happened for me and I found out that I really like spending time with you. You're shockingly more normal than I thought you were." She avoided his gaze. Merlin she wished she could stop blushing on command. "So, I know this seems completely mental and out of the blue for you but I think I've started to fancy you a little bit, only a teensy bit of course, but that doesn't even matter because it's not like you'll remember this tomorrow." Scorpius opened his mouth but she held up a hand. "I'm not finished." Was she absolutely crazy? "I also wanted to ask if I could give you something since I forgot before." Taking his speechlessness as concent, she screwed up every ounce of courage she had, she got up on her tiptoes and leaned over and whispered, "happy late birthday," before she kissed him. Definitely crazy. It was only meant to be a peck on the lips, but as she began pulling away, Scorpius's arms encircled her waist and pulled her back. He returned the kiss and, although she couldn't say she wasn't enjoying it, she finally pushed him back firmly. "We're technically on duty," she said, looking up at him. "We should finish patrol." She detached herself from his arms and began walking away, unable to keep the grin from her face. "Wait, wait." Scorpius caught her arm. "There's no way you can just do something like that out of the blue and not talk about it. What was that? What potion? Did you hit your head on something because it is not possible to keep waking up in the same day. You must just have really vivid dreams. Merlin, I hope you aren't dreaming right now." "Can we talk about this tomorrow?" Rose pursed her lips. "I'm pretty tired and it's a lot to go over right now." Scorpius frowned but nodded hesitantly. "I suppose so. No need to give Natalia another reason to hate you." "I like to think that we have a strong mutual respect of each other that shows itself in interesting ways." Scorpius snorted. "Sure. That is one way to think about it." "Do you want to start a fight? Because I can give plenty of reasons to win at any argument we have." Rose faux glared up at him and he smiled. He took her hand. "And I will come up with a counterargument for every single one of your reasons." The next morning, Rose eyes shot open to complete silence. She sat straight up and looked around. The common room was empty, everyone's bed neatly made. Where was everyone? Had she slept right through their celebrations? She looked at her watch and almost had a heart attack. "Shit! Why am I always late?" She jumped out of bed, almost falling flat on her face while trying to pull on a sock and button her skirt at the same time. She tore out of the portrait hole only to be forcibly pulled back by a hand grabbing her elbow. Her heart almost dropped out of her body. Scorpius Malfoy stood in front of her, looking a little uncomfortable but completely determined. "Can we talk about last night now?" He asked quietly. There was a pounding in Rose's ears as she asked, "last night?" He looked at her patiently. "You know. When you kissed me in the middle of the fifth floor corridor? Or perhaps when you kept going on about a time loop? I know you didn't want to talk about it until tomorrow but it is tomorrow now and I think I deserve an explanation." Rose gaped at him and then color rushed into her face. "Oh my Merlin . That wasn't supposed to still be happening today! How humiliating! Stupid Uncle George. Of course, that would be the day that everything went back to normal." She groaned and covered her face with her hands. "Who would have thought that was all that was needed to make the day perfect," she mumbled through her fingers. Scorpius pulled her hands away and looked at her. "I don't know what you're going on about but I think we need to talk. I don't know what got into you to do that so out of the blue." Rose winced. "But I also am slightly pissed because I've been working up the nerve to do that all year. Not during patrol, of course, but you've always been more dramatic than me." Rose scowled up at him. "What exactly is that supposed to mean?" Instead of an answer, she received a smirk and a squeeze of the hand. She sighed. "Ok, do you want the long version or the short version? Keep in mind, the long version will probably lead to a tardy and may need a snogging break." "I can't think of a better way to spend a Thursday morning." "So my cousin borrowed a potion from my uncle George, which is definitely considered stealing but she said it was borrowing…" THE END