You-Know-Who had returned." "Why the hell do we have to be so afraid for?" Graham Montague asked bluntly. "We've got Draco's father to cover us if there's any trouble. Right, Draco?" "Yeah." But his reply was distracted as he suddenly noticed Blaise. His friend was still standing by the counter, one arm braced over it in an almost arrogant manner, and he was employing his usual charms on a girl who sat at the counter. Normally, Draco wouldn't stare. Although, he'd caught a glimpse of her raven coloured hair when she shifted away from Blaise and recognized her immediately . He'd recognize her anywhere. He didn't quite understand the unsettling feeling in his chest as he watched, but the longer Blaise spent at the counter, the more the feeling grew. Finally, when instincts overrode rationality, he eased Pansy aside and stood up. "Zabini's taking too fucking long," he muttered, when his friends turned to look at him in confusion, and strode off. Jaw set, shoulders squared, head held high – the usual Malfoy swagger. His father would be so proud. Once he neared the counter, he stepped up next to Blaise and nudged him, "Got the round yet, Zabini?" Blaise straightened and threw an annoyed look over his shoulder at Draco. "Yeah, just – give me a second, mate." However, Draco wasn't even looking at him. Instead, his attention was fixed on the girl on Blaise's other side. She'd been inconspicuous at first, with the nondescript coat and the hood pulled over her head, but her green eyes still held the same light he remembered seeing all of those years ago. She saw him, and her lips titled up briefly in acknowledgement. Just briefly, but he found he had to swallow, his throat unexpectedly dry. Memories of the last time they'd met surfaced in his mind. The bitter taste of regret in his mouth still lingered and felt as poignant as yesterday. "I'll get the round," he told the other darkly handsome Slytherin, who arched an eyebrow in clear surprise, before darting a suspicious look between him and Harriett. Perhaps it was the way Draco had a steady arm braced on the counter, or the look of steely determination in his grey eyes. Whatever it was, it had Blaise shrugging and heading back to the booth. There was a moment's pause. And then Draco glanced over his shoulder at his friends, noticed that none of them were looking his way, and took a step closer. "Hey," he greeted quietly, not fairly looking at her but at the scratch on the wooden counter. The smile on Harriett's face widened and she nodded, "Hi." "Look –" he blurted out, the words rushing past his lips before he could stop them. " – I just want to say that I'm…" He swallowed again. This was so difficult to say because Malfoys never apologized to anyone, ever. Letting out a breath, he forced himself to look her in the eyes and said, " – I'm sorry ." She blinked her long lashes, appearing so confused that it threw him off guard. "Why?" He gaped at her for a bit. "Because I said Mu – that word," he finished, thankfully cutting himself off just in time. He'd still lob 'mudbloods' and 'blood traitors' at the other students at Hogwarts, although for some reason, he couldn't bring himself to do the same for her. "And told you that it – it matters to me, if you were a muggle or a muggleborn." "And it still does, doesn't it?" He had to force his mouth shut with an audible click. "Then there's no reason to apologize if it's something you believe in. But then you build a bridge that helps you to coexist with people who don't believe in the same things you do. Kind of like what we're doing now." Draco was so stunned he spent a few good seconds merely staring at her, and then they were interrupted when the landlady of the Three Broomsticks emerged from the kitchen with a file in her hands. She stopped several feet shy from them and cast a distrustful perusal at Draco. "It's fine, Madam Rosmerta," Harriett's voice was gentle. "He's alright." Reluctantly, the woman slid the file across the counter to Harriett, who took it and slid several galleons back. A brief exchange, so fluid it seemed like she'd been doing it for awhile now. Madam Rosmerta left, and Harriett climbed off the stool and got to her feet. Up close, he was rapidly aware of how the crown of her raven hair came up to his chin. "I have to go," she told him softly, clutching the file tightly to her chest with one hand and, with the other, shifted a napkin closer to him. Close enough – until the side of her hand brushed against his in a fleeting touch. Her vibrant green eyes met his, beautiful as ever, and she smiled at him in a way that he knew he would remember for days. "Stay safe, Draco." She was off so swiftly he didn't even manage to wish her the same and it took everything in him not to watch her leave. Instead, he kept his eyes fixed on the counter as he swept a sudden hand over it, catching the napkin and tucking it surreptitiously into his cloak pocket before raising a hand to signal Madam Rosmerta over. "Seven butterbeers," he said, and leaned back against the counter, feeling the crinkle of paper between his fingertips. *** It wasn't until much later that Draco would lie in bed, after having rejected the advances of Pansy for a quick night romp, cast a dim Lumos with his wand and, under the emerald blankets and lush pillows draped around him, slowly unfold the crumpled napkin she had given him earlier. In delicate, looped handwriting that seemed so elegant and pretty it almost undermined the severity of the situation, read the words: The war's already begun.