She walked back over to him and made herself comfertable on his lap. They spoke for a little while longer before Zehir realised that she was expected for Malfoy Manor , so she bid her Sire farewell and left the alley. She moved quickly and silently back to Diagon Alley , making sure she was immaculatly dressed and had Fontane wrapped around her, she grabbed hold of the portkey and said the password which took her directly to the main recieving room in the manor. She was greeted by an elf that took her to the formal sitting parlour where the rest of the family had assembled. The elf announced her and she was allowed entance. Inside the main Malfoy family and Abel were sitting around a coffee table and talking amiably. When she entered , Abel got up and escorted her inside and made the intorductions. ' Zehir, may I introduce to you Clement Armand and Paris Amour Lord and and Lady to the Most Noble and Ancient house of Malfoy and their heir Abraxas Mallus. And to you my dear family may i introduce Zehir Laila , Lady to the Most Noble and Ancient house of Shafiq.' Abel finised and sat down. I was invited to follow suite. ' So Miss Shafiq, Abel has told us a bit about your past and it is my belief that he is quite enamoured with you. It is difficult to pull off such a thing and I am curious as to how you managed it' started Clement Malfoy. Zehir was a bit startled at the topic of conversation and decided that honesty was the best way to go about it. ' Well Lord Malfoy , I am not sure as to what I have done to your brother but I will say that I found his company equally if not more pleasurable.' She replied warmly. The company spoke for a ittle while longer on Zehir's expectation of Hogwars , her exemplary test scores and a few other general topics all the while sipping cups of tea and enjoying fresh scones. ' Well Dear, it appears we have discovered why Abel is so enamoured with you, you are positivly charming. Anyway why don't you and Abraxas take a walk outside, he can tell you a bit about Hogwarts and the things you can expect. It will not be easy starting out in the middle of the year.' Paris said with a beam. She was an abnormaly chearful woman, nothing like Narcissa Mafoy, but then again she had never seen Narcissa in an informal setting. ' I would be delghted Paris.' She replied and then turned to Abraxas who had a smile creeping up onto his face. ' Well Abraxas care to escort me out?' he smiled and held out his hand which Zehir Quickly took and let herself be led outside. 'So tell me Abraxas , what in Hogwarts should I look out for apart from Dumbldore, Abel told me about him so ' She started not sure how to begin her onversation. They were both walking in the Malfoy Rose garden and Zehir had her blazer still on, the elf that had escorted her inside had taken her hat. Abarxas was doing a fine job of hand escorting her around the garden. ' Zehir there is a lot of things at that school that you will have to experiance for yourself. I will tell you a few things though so that you do not act like a clueless first year.' He said with a playful smirk. ' The teachers are wonderful for the most part, they are Prof. Ana LaCour for magical theory, Albus Dumbledore for transfiguration, Sven Delano for potions, Prof. Merrythought for DADA, Prof. Filius Flitwick for charms, Prof Auriga Sinistra for herbology, Prof. Aurora Macmillan for arithmacy, Prof Aquila Shaklebolt for ancient runes. As for the elcetives you have chosen , you have taken the same as me, Prof. Canis de Winter for ancient studies, Prof. Celestina Virgo for art and Prof. Gemini Acel for orchestra. Do not worry if you cannot remember all the nammes in one go , you will get them once you go to school. The subjects themsleves you will breeze through according to Uncle Abel.' Abraxas paused for a moment to take a breath and continued. 'Now for the most important question of all time, which house do you think you will get in?' Abraxas looked ready to break the Malfoy mask if I said anything other than slytherin so I decided to put him out of his misery. ' Slytherin Abraxas , really you should know that by now, if not I will be in Ravenclaw so its okay.' He gave me a blinding smile and continued to walk along the garden with me on his arm. ' Zehir, I will be very happy if you get into Slytherin but the house has unnoficial rules that you will have to follow and there are a few people who will not appreciate it in the slightest if you disobey. So I advice you as a friend to be careful, also Prof. Dumbledore does not like Slytherin.' Zehir gave him a little smile and walked on. They both wandered around the garden in silence for a while before heading back in when it became dark. Zehir soon bid everyone goodnight before flooing over to her cottage and winding down. One of the most wonderful things about house elves were the fact that they did things without even having to be told. Kitty had packed her trunk and made a bath for her by the time she had gotten back home and she could smell wonderful things floating from the kitchen. She slowly removed Fontane from where he had been sleeping around her neck and left him on a heated rock in her bedroom and went for a bath. She soaked away her weariness and came back to bed. She ate her dinner and crashed.