was lied to and manipulated and given no choice. I contain all of his memories, his conscious, and feelings. I am you basically and I won't do to you what others have done to me and eventually you. Harry's mind blanked and it took him a few minutes to process everything he was just told. The person who made this book was him from the future; he lived to be 535 (it took him another minute to count that out) and two sorts of divine/mythical beings? Entities? Needed his and a few others help to save Magic. Okay, that probably wasn't all but for now those were the biggest things he could focus on. Harry wasn't sure of the things his future self had gone through or been made to go through but he did appreciate the truth and the illusion of an option to back out. Only there really wasn't much choice, he just learned that he was a wizard and there was no way he was going to give that up. With his mind made up he began writing again. What do I need to do? Are you sure this is the path you want to take? It won't be easy I assure you that. There is a way for you to receive every piece of me from this book and I warn you now I have done many things that you may not approve of as well as had many things done to me that are not pleasant. The best guarantee that I can make is that it will seem as if you were someone else watching. So I will know everything you know about magic and how to do it and what to do to stop it from dying? I don't know everything but 500 years has given me a lot of time to learn much. You will gain knowledge of Magic and our world but it will take practice for you to master spells and I only have a rough idea of how to go about stopping the death of Magic. The others will be able to help as well. How come you and the others weren't able to do anything? We didn't have enough warning before wizards, witches, and magical creatures started dying. We tried but with as little time as we had, we slowly started dying as well. Anything else I need to know before I do this, besides knowing how? You will probably end up with a headache worse than anything you have ever had to endure because of the sheer amount of knowledge and memories you will receive. The Magic and conscious part will repair something as it passes through you and when those are done they will integrate with your conscious and magic. There's something wrong with me? Not wrong per say, just something in you that wasn't meant to be. Nothing to worry about you will understand more once you have all the memories. Before I tell you what to do, do you remember the feeling you had before anything odd happened to you? Harry thought back to what happened in class when he turned the teacher's hair blue and when he appeared on that roof when he had been running from Dudley and his gang. Sort of. Okay, close your eyes and try to regain that feeling; the tingling rush that you got before everything happened and when you can feel it try to imagine gathering a small amount of it into a small ball in your hand. Harry closed his eyes and remembered and felt. It took much longer than he thought it might to find what he was feeling for but eventually he did feel it; the tingling rush of power almost like electricity right in the pit of his stomach. He knew he wasn't seeing with his eyes but if he had been, he imagined he'd have been blind from looking at the bright blue-green ball of power. He pictured drawing a thread of magic and wrapping it much like a ball of yarn until it was coin sized. Once that was done he sort of pushed it up from his stomach to his chest and shoulder, he could feel it coursing down his arm and his whole palm began tingling. Harry opened his eyes slowly and saw the small ball of magic sitting in his palm. He laughed breathlessly and finally realized he was sweating and out of breath. He let go of the magic and it faded instantly. He used the bottom of his overly large shirt to wipe the sweat off his face and could feel exhaustion starting to set in. I did it. I have no idea how long it took but that was hard and now I'm really tired. Yes, gathering your magic like that is very tiring but also good for you. It will help you with control and strengthening your core. But now that you are able to access your core you will be able to do what needs to be done. When you're ready place both hands on the book, you need to want this to happen, truly want it and will it with Magic. If you are absolutely sure say these words with intent and will, Solvo Mentis Intra. If you don't want it or have any doubts it will not work. I am ready. Harry placed both hands on open diary, gathered his magic and channeled it to his hands. "Solvo Mentis Intra." He said his voice low but clear. For one second Harry was afraid that he might have done it wrong, and then it started; the rapid fire of images flickering behind his eyelids, too fast to keep up with, and the feelings associated with them. He bit his lip, forcing himself to be quiet while tears streamed down his face. It felt like hours later when the chaos inside his head finally died down and when the pain hit, he blacked out.