spit onto his length as he continued to work his way in. "I do admit, I am kind of...souped up." Harry laughed. "I guess you've got me there." He reached for a few pillows, propping himself up and bringing his thumb up to his mouth, knowing the sting he felt now promised pleasure later. "You let me know if it's too much, okay?" He stated, locking his gaze with his lovers, running his hands down the insides of Harry's thighs, circling him with both, earning a sharp cry. "Oh god damn, Dray!" He gasped, biting his thumb hard as he felt the need to come pool low in his stomach. Draco laughed, stroking him slowly with both hands. "Mmm, look at it though, I've got both my hands around it and it almost spills out." He bit his lip, continuing to slip inside the brunette. "Come on." He muttered for what felt like the dozenth time this evening. "You're tight, Harry. I can't 'come on'." Draco countered, trailing fingers down to grasp him lightly by the sac, pulling gently, relishing in the quiet moan that sprung from kiss swollen lips. He used his other hand to help push himself carefully. "Grab that other bottle of lube." He muttered. The brunette obeyed, twisting slightly to grab the bottle from the nightstand. He pumped a little into his own hand before giving it to his lover. "I just want you." Draco laughed quietly, adding a squirt to his remaining length. "Oh, you're going to get me." He continued to press. "How do you want it?" He asked, flicking up to lock with blown green eyes. Harry flashed him a brilliant grin. "Hard and fast."He groaned as he felt Dracos' pelvis against the back of his thighs. "Mmm, deep and slow it is." Draco quipped, dropping onto his hands to hover above the boy. He gave a slow thrust, watching lips part. "Fucker." Harry muttered, dragging a hand through sweat dampened locks as Draco moved within him, taking his time with each thrust, making sure he was as deep inside as he could get. "Oh God." He whimpered. Draco chuckled, leaning in and giving him a slow kiss, twisting their tongues together, leaving Harry breathless, cheeks stained with color that was quickly spreading down his neck and chest. "You feel so good." He whispered against his lips, glancing down to see Harry stroking himself frantically. "Slow down." "I don't want to." The blonde growled, reaching down and batting his hand away, wrapping his own fingers around Harry's cock. "You're so hard." He grinned, giving the boy a sly smirk, thrusting slowly, moving his hand in time. "Draco, please just give it to me." Harry pleaded, voice breathy and whiney. He reached out, gripping the curve of Dracos neck and shoulder, rolling his hips. "Not a chance, Harry." He whispered, continuing his agonizingly slow thrusts, brushing the bundle of nerves inside him with each deep pass. Draco took drew a long breath in, trying to keep his urge to come to a minimum. Harry wound fingers into blonde locks, pulling until their eyes met. "Now." Draco gasped, self control snapped, he let go of Harry's cock, folding him nearly in half as he pounded into the brunette. He giggled, reaching between them to stroke himself. "You always seem to get your damn way." Draco panted, fingers digging into the sheets as he moved. "I can't help that I'm so persuasive, Mr. Malfoy." He murmured, a feeling of urgency rushing over him as his orgasm loomed closer. "I'm so close." Harry whispered, gripping Draco's chin and leading their mouths together. Draco moaned softly, thighs beginning to feel the strain of his motion. "You want me to make you come?" He said quietly against Harry's lips. "Yes." "Yes, what?" He asked, giving a deep thrust that caused Harry to growl, body tensing below him. "Oh Merlin!" Harry gasped, hand moving quickly. "Yes, Daddy!" He cried out, trembling. Draco laughed low in his throat, giving a few harsh thrusts, eyes gleaming as he watched Harry come undone, pearls of essense pouring from his tip, head tilted back, rutting into the sheets, cheeks ruddy. "There it is. You're fucking beautiful, Harry Potter." He leaned in, kissing his chin softly as the Boy Wonder started to come down, chest heaving. Draco shifted, hooking his arms under Harry's knees, pushing him forward slightly, making him impossibly tight. He groaned, eyes fluttering shut, the tingle from the lubricant threatening to do him in. "I'm not going to last." "I don't want you to last, I want you to come." Harry muttered, free hand smoothing his sweat soaked bangs from green eyes. Draco moaned quietly, eyes raking the sated little brunette spread out beneath him. "You feel so good." Harry giggled, watching the sound move through the blonde. "Come for me." He murmured. He rutted against him, thighs quivering as he tipped over the edge, pouring himself into Harry, letting out a low whine. "Oh..." He murmured after a few moments. "Hmm?" Harry asked, watching color spread across pale cheeks. Draco eased away and dropped beside him, taking a couple careful breaths, trying to keep his world from spinning too much. "I went too hard, I'm kind of dizzy." Harry shifted onto his side, running his hand down Draco's back. "Dizzy? You going to be okay?" He nodded, face pressed against the sheets. "I think so. Once I catch my breath, get a little more blood into my brain." He murmured, raising grey eyes to meet green. "That was fun." Harry laughed, sitting up Indian style and rubbing his neck and shoulders briskly. "I'm sure it will take a moment or two to get blood back up there as pumped up as you were." He reached for a wand, casting a cleaning charm. "That was pretty fun." "I wish we had donuts." Draco muttered after a few moments of their labored breathing. Harry pinched his side, earning a squeal. "I do too."