you would destroy her confidence in us just to satisfy your ego?" As Harry looked over at the dryad, his outrage dwindled and he grew embarrassed. "I…didn't think of it that way." "Great. Now apologize to her, and apologize to your leader." It was a grueling hour before they reached the tree. The dryad smiled at both wizards, tired but happy. "I thank you, not only for your brave heroics in saving me from the Gnoll, not only for securing my safe transport home, but for your clever antics to bring me cheer and distraction from my pain." Harry felt warm for having helped, and mildly embarrassed to be given such gratitude for saving her, because he viewed it as something he couldn't have not done. Greater embarrassment roiled within him for the comment about his constant arguing with Malfoy. He should have done better, forced himself to be more civil. Somehow. Draco, on the other hand, had never in his life been called a hero. The sincerity of the dryad was something he tucked away in a private corner of his heart, and he thought to himself that he would need to consider vialing the night's memories for a pensieve. Draco gently lowered the woodland nymph against the trunk of his tree. The dryad's smile broadened, his whole face relaxing as the tree began to absorb her into it. "I'll never forget you," she cooed, voice sounding like sap gliding through the grooves of bark. Her skin flattened from lime green to the dry mottled brown of the tree, and she—he—looked so at peace. With only his face remaining, like an oversized knot in the trunk, he suddenly looked horribly alarmed. "No! Watch—" and he was gone. Before either wizard could react, first Draco then Harry felt fangs strike their ankles. Draco fell to his knees, hard. He felt the pressure of his landing but not the pain; his vision blurred and there was a terrible ringing in his ears. He could vaguely hear the distorted sound of his own name – Potter calling out to him. Dizziness like a tidal wave roared and swallowed him, and he closed his eyes. Harry felt the shrieking numbness overtaking his body; like Novocain at the dentist, he knew there was pain, but the non-feeling was so bold that he felt swollen all over. He saw Draco fall to his knees, and the sight injected severe vertigo into him. "Malfoy!" he yelled, surprised to barely hear himself. He closed his eyes, battling the visions of a swirling world. When he heard no response, he dared to crack his eyes open for a flash. The Slytherin was still kneeling. Draco tried to harness his panic into remembering what type of venoms could cause the symptoms he was experiencing. But—he found that every time he tried to reach for the rote memories…he couldn't. It was like the memories stood stacked on a table just out of reach…and he could see them, he knew they were there…but he just…couldn't…reach them. Confusion flooded him, and slowly the panic began to ease back into calm as his mind found it difficult to hold any thought or emotion still for long. Harry realized he was still gripping his wand. He took a deep breath and raised his wand high to send red sparks…But the moment he tried to cast, it was like the sparks flew inward instead, and the electricity burned through the numbness. Harry screamed and stumbled, the dizziness overpowering him as he fell to the forest floor. He could feel his mind begin to blank. No. Harry grit his teeth, and blindly reached out, seeking Draco. Draco concentrated on his breathing, trying to diffuse the vertigo. He had his wand. Best not to use it when the mind is affected. Or…or something happened. Inhale. The thing that bit him…where was it? He opened his eyes, and through the stubby grass, lay a black serpent with white eyes and a white tail-tip. It was staring at them. Exhale. "Potter?" he said, weak and shakey. A half formed thought…he could almost taste it. He closed his eyes. "Potter…" he said a little stronger. With great mental exertion, he clasped the idea in a single word. He whispered, "Parseltongue." Weariness bore through him, and he slumped down in the grass. He lost consciousness. Harry heard Draco's voice, but couldn't make out what he was saying. He reached toward the sound, flashed open his eyes for a moment, and then found the boy's arm. He felt a sick, lurching sensation in his stomach, almost kin to the feeling of apparition…the world twirled around him, and he felt faint. My fault . He didn't know if the poison was deadly, but he damn well knew the forest was. Without magic, without escape, Harry did the last thing he could to try and protect Malfoy, as amends for failing him when he had begged to just do their detention like they were supposed to: he laid on top of the boy, covering as much of his body with his own as he could in his delirium. He opened his eyes once more, and saw a white snake with black eyes and a black tail-tip staring at them from the grass. Fuck you too, Harry thought as the world slipped away. The dryad, healing, could not emerge from her tree, and watched as her saviours were stricken down by the Switch. She whistled, a sound like the dry rustle of leaves, and waited for the spiders. She would tell them what happened, and beg for intervention, for she knew the spiders kept close alliance with the Grounds Keeper. If they could send a message to him, if they could lead him here… She watched as the dark haired boy protected his leader with his own body. She hoped there would be no death tonight. The Switch watched its prey lose consciousness, as it inverted black into white across its scales. It was done.