"Why so eager Weaslette? Don't you have enough money to walk properly?" he taunted. The girl's eyes angered, and her face became as red as her hair. She poked him in the chest angrily. "What the hell Malfoy? My family...!" she was about to yell something, when she was interrupted by the Dynamic Duo. Weasley and Potter and walked over. When they saw Malfoy, their faces contorted with rage. "Why the hell are you hitting on my sister? Do you fancy her? I'm sorry Malfoy, but Death Eaters aren't welcome in the family!" Weasley bellowed. Draco grimaced. Fancying the Weasley? He'd rather marry the muggle, Granger. "Hah! As if anyone will marry her. Your family won't even be able to afford the wedding!" Weasley raced over, attempting to punch Malfoy in the face. Potter and Weaslette grabbed him by the shoulders, to prevent him from attacking. With a flash, Draco pulled out his wand and prepared himself. "Is that all you got Weasley? Punches? Don't you know any spells? So muggle like. Is it true in your second year you used your father's bewitched car to get to school? Couldn't you afford the train? I heard it was free!" Draco snapped back. If possible the Weasley's faces got even redder. With a confident smirk, Draco stalked off. He never did find out why Flourish was so packed that day. But he didn't really care. As he slipped his hands into his jean pockets, he realised that he had the slip of paper with Marilyn's number. Hope filled is bored expression. He raced over to a muggle telephone booth. Pulling out his wand, he tapped the payment box. As is on cue, the phone dialed Marilyn's number. She picked up on the first ring. "Hey! This is Marilyn! Who's speaking?" her perky voice called. Draco rolled his eyes at her voice. "This is Draco Malfoy. I wanted to ask is you—" "Oh hi! Draco! Sure, I'll go on a date with you! I'd love to! When are you picking me up?" she asked. Draco face palmed. Damn this girl. "Sorry, I wanted to you know, get a tour of the town. I'm only here for a couple of days. Could you and Hermione show me around? I also wanted to apologize to her. Can you?" he asked, tentatively. There was silence on Marilyn's part. "Sure. Hermione and I'll meet you at ... the Lightheaded Pub. That's the one where the girls came out from. I'll call Herms; um... do you want her number?" Draco grinned like a madman. "That'd be great!" After collecting Granger's number, and hanging up, he strode over to the pub. But not after a quick brush up on his looks. He was seriously regretting saying he didn't know London well. Now he would end up spending the entire day being toured around a place he knew very well. But, then again, he knew Wizarding London. He'd never actually been properly introduced to Muggle London. "Hi!" an over ecstatic voice yelled. Draco turned around and saw Marilyn, with a Hermione lagging behind. He laughed at the sight and waved them over. Marilyn was wearing a loose top with shorts. Granger simply wore a t-shirt and jeans. Marilyn smiled sweetly and him while Granger sent him a death glare. He shrugged his shoulders and followed behind them. Marilyn and Granger began to show him the finer points in Muggle London. They started off with the pub. It was a very classy pub, high ceilings and tall pillars. Marble counters and maple wood floors furnished with expensive looking items. And the drinks, they looked classy. Something like what his Father might drink on the occasion. "This place...it's ..." he broke off, unsure of what to say. Granger seemed to find this funny. Nonetheless she finished the sentence for him. "Classier than it looks? Yes, I know," she said in a clipped tone. Marilyn grabbed his arm and hauled him out of the pub. Granger lay back, simply watching with an unreadable expression on her face. Draco continued to be lead around London, listening to Marilyn rambling about things he couldn't care less about. They stopped in front of a majestic fountain. Tall and especially endearing. He felt the most unbelievable urge to reach out and touch the marble figure shooting water out. Granger pulled out a couple of coins from her purse and handed one to him. Marilyn was looking at her coin intently, but he had felt no urge to look at his. Why did he care what a muggle coin looked like? It didn't matter to him. Granger threw her coin in and closed her eyes briefly before smiling. Marilyn did the same. They began chattering eagerly. He walked over to them and cleared his throat. "Thanks. For leading me around. It was great. Is that all there is to London?" he asked. Granger shook her head, her bushy curls flying everywhere. Draco bit back a burst of laughter, knowing full well, how touchy she was about her strands of hair. "No, actually, there is a lot more to London than there looks. Do you want to come tomorrow?" she said. Marilyn looked taken back. Draco wondered why. "Sure, I'll come. Who's going to be there?" he drawled. Marilyn answered. "Just Hermione. I have work tomorrow." She said. Draco grinned. "Not a problem. I'll meet you in front of the pub, Granger?" he asked. She nodded briskly. "See you later..." she pursued her lips, "Malfoy. Come on Marilyn." She dragged Marilyn away. Her friend shouted goodbye. Draco grinned and watched the two girls walk off confidently. Smirking to himself, he walked off. His fingers in his pocket, just grazing the coin Granger had given him. Had he actually looked at the coin, he'd have noticed it wasn't a muggle coin. In fact, in his wallet at home, he had tons more like it. He also had some in his other pocket. The coin? It was a silver sickle.