"HARRY!" He cried out, twitching hard, looking at the boy, who was already breathless, cheeks ruddy. Draco took a steadying breath before dripping spit into his hand once more, swirling his aching tip around Harry's pucker. "That what you want?" He whispered against his ear, pushing just slightly, earning a breathy cry from the boy. "Oh Merlin, yes that's exactly what I want." He shifted back, groaning as he breached himself with Dracos cock. "Yes, yes." Draco swallowed hard, watching this lithe little brunette impale himself on his erection. "Mmm, just like that, come back on it, take it as deep as you want." He smoothed his hands across his back. "You are so hard." He whined, moving slowly backward, feeling fingers wrapping around his hips, "God damn." Harry glanced over his shoulder, seeing the blonde, pink in the cheeks, hair mussed in halo around his head, lip tugged between teeth. "You are so hot." Draco laughed quietly. "Me? You think I'm hot?" He licked the pad of his thumb, running it along the ridge of Harry's opening. "You're the one taking every single bit of me." He groaned, watching as his hole greedily accepted him inside. Harry let out a soft screech, taking a deep breath. He glanced over his shoulder once more. "Can you spit on it, again?" He asked in a low murmur, as though someone could hear them. Harry shivered as the boy obeyed, making a show of dripping a line of saliva onto the remaining bit of him outside Harry, brushing his fingers against stretched pink skin again as he spread the spit around. He reached up, placing his hands over Harrys', which were flat against the brick wall, lacing their fingers together as his pelvis met his bottom. Draco leaned in, breathing ragged near the brunettes ear, dragging burning kisses along his neck as he felt Harry clench around him. "I love you." He whispered, giving a tentative thrust, spine tingling at the low whine issued from his lover. "Draacccooo." He moaned, heat shooting through him as the blonde slid across the bundle of nerves inside him. Harry tilted his head to the side slightly, gasping as teeth sank into the sensitive skin there. "Merlin." He whimpered. "Whimpering? I haven't even gotten started, Harry." He held the brunette fast against the wall, moving slowly, watching a kiss swollen mouth drop open, green eyes fluttering shut. Draco shivered, the whole situation finally settling in. He was buried inside his fiance, in the middle of the day, down an alleyway off a busy section of street. The boy wonder moaned once more, bottom shifting up into his pelvis in the most delicious manner in an attempt to spur him on. He drug the tip of his tongue along the curve of a tight neck. "I want to take my time." Draco said in a low rasp against his ear. "Dray, you can't take your time, we have a charm up!" Harry mumbled, resting his forhead gently on the hard stone of the wall, toes curling in his shoes as the blonde continued a slow, steady pace. "That charm will hold." He gave a harsh thrust, tearing a gutteral screech from Harry. Draco gave a dark giggle. He sucked at his earlobe, heart swelling with affection for the tiny brunette he had pressed against the wall. "You not having a good time, Potter?" He lilted softly. Harry laughed, orgasm beginning to pool low in his belly as Draco moved against him. "What do you think?" "Mmm, seems like you're enjoying it." He grinned against the reddened skin on his neck, letting one arm trail down to wrap around his thin waist, sliding all the way in. "Tight ass." He muttered. Harry wailed, head snapping back as he was filled. "Oh God damn." He whispered, free hand moving in an attempt to grasp himself. "Don't you dare touch it!" Draco snapped in a low voice against his ear, delighting in the sharp intake of breath that followed his command. "You're coming from me...and me only." "Draco, please." "You heard what I said." He countered, arm holding him steady as he picked up the pace. "You feel so good." He shuddered, the Adonis' name spilling from his lips over and over, along with a string of obscenities, words of affection and the occasional groan as Draco pounded into him. "Please!" He begged, the urge to come burning a hole through him, pressing his bottom into Draco. "Hmm?" Draco replied, voice soft and heated against his ear. He ground against him, earning a full body shudder. He gripped him tightly as he felt Harry's knees go weak for a moment. "Damn, baby." He chided playfully, sinking his teeth into his earlobe once more, causing the brunette to tip over the edge, streaming onto the pavement. Harry sobbed softly, orgasm making him shake hard, sweat dripping down his temple. He tried to pull in fresh air, head spinning slightly as he glanced over his shoulder, the blonde taking his mouth in a harsh kiss, teeth sinking into the already bruised skin of his lower lip. "I'm gonna come." He whispered, arm tightening as he gave a few hard thrusts before he too came, filling his fiance, jerking against him. Draco trailed kisses along his shoulder and neck, heart racing with the force of his orgasm. Harry giggled low in his throat, letting the blonde rest against him for a few moments. "I love you." Draco growled, giving him another sound kiss, landing a sharp spank to his bottom before easing back. He turned the boy around, running a hand through his hair as he nipped at the tip of his nose. "I'm not casting a cleaning charm. You're keeping that load in!" He flashed a devilish smile, tugging the boys underwear up gently. Draco giggled, watching as cheeks reddened, as he pulled his wand out to remove the charm as soon as jeans were fastened. "Come on, lets go get dinner!"