seeing him everyday. "We should get going," Grace said, gesturing to the crowded aisles. "I don't want to get a shitty compartment." Skylar looked at Grace, her eyebrows furrowed together. "Gracie, are you okay? You seem a little more depressing than usual." Grace looked at her, her dark green eyes piercing through Skylar's dark brown ones. "I'm fine," she finally said simply before turning around and heading down the aisle. Victoire and Skylar exchanged looks. "I'll see you lot at the Sorting Ceremony!" Victoire said cheerfully to her two younger cousins before following Grace and Skylar down the narrow aisle. "There's an empty compartment here," Grace said, stepping inside. She forced her trunk into the overhead compartment before plopping down in the seat by the window. Skylar and Victoire followed in her lead without saying anything. Grace stared out the window miserably. It was crazy to think that a year ago, she'd been sitting in a much more crowded compartment with Skylar and Victoire. At the time, Teddy and Skylar had been dating. Grace still couldn't believe that had happened. Finn and Sienna were still friends with benefits, although neither benefited emotionally from that situation. Grace had still been furious with Victoire and had refused to speak to her most of the train ride. Collin had been trying to win her back. Luke and her still hadn't made anything official, which sucked. She remembered spending most of the train ride buried in her book while Teddy grumbled about Luke and Victoire. Meanwhile, Finn and all his burly seventh year friends made a lot of noise. It was amazing how much had changed over the course of one year. "So," Skylar said cheerfully, "what did I miss this summer?" Victoire sighed and thought about it. "Sienna's album is nearly finished and it sounds great! She's still living with her parents though, which is driving her mental I think. She's been looking at a few apartments for herself. Teddy's training is going really well. Oh, and Finn and Luke got signed to a team!" "No way!" Skylar gasped. "I can't believe I didn't know that!" "It's supposed to be a secret until the Chudley Cannons release a statement with the names of all their new recruits." "They got signed to the Chudley Cannons?" Skylar yelped. "That's an actual team!" "Uncle Ron was over the moon," Victoire said with a laugh. "I reckon he's expecting free tickets to every game." Skylar looked at Grace. "Are you proud of your boyfriend?" she teased. Grace blinked. "He's not my boyfriend anymore." Victoire froze. "Wait— what ?" "Luke and I broke up," Grace replied. Grace checked her watch and looked around impatiently. "Would you like to order yet, miss?" The waiter was watching her with a pitying expression. Grace sighed. "No, I'll wait another five minutes for him." She gestured to her empty glass. "Just another butterbeer, please." "Right away." Grace looked around the restaurant one more time. "Gracie!" Luke took the seat across from her. "I'm so sorry I'm late!" "Forty-five minutes late," Grace told him, shaking her head. "This is the fourth time this has happened." "I know. I know. I'm so sorry. It's just…Finn and I had to stay later than usual today." Luke gave her a nervous, apologetic smile. Grace peered down at her menu. "Luke, I've barely seen you this summer. The only time we get to spend together is at these stupid lunches and you can't be bothered to show up on time." "Gracie, I'm so sorry," he apologized. "I'm trying my best, really. It's just…we only get every other Sunday off to go home." "And it's Sunday!" Grace exclaimed. "Why weren't you here?" Luke sighed. "Finn and I got signed today." Grace's eyes widened. "What?" "The Chudley Cannons…they really like me and Finn together. They think we make a good team." "Wow…congratulations," Grace said. She looked stunned. "Does this mean you don't have to go to camp anymore…if you've already been signed?" Luke hesitated. "Actually, now me and Finn are going to be training with the Chudley Cannons. It's more intense than ever." Grace sighed. "Which means you're still going to be gone all the time." "Grace—" She took a deep breath. "This isn't working, is it?" Luke shook his head. "I barely get to see you." "And it's only going to get worse when I head off to Hogwarts," she added. "If long distance isn't working for us now…I don't think it's going to work in the future either…" Luke stared at her. "I really wanted it to work…" Grace felt a lump in her throat. "Me too…but it's too painful. I miss you so much and it hurts being away from you." He nodded. "I know the feeling." The two of them sat in silence for a moment, letting the moment sink in. "It was nobody's fault," Grace said sadly. "It was just too hard to make it work long distance." "Gracie, I'm so sorry," Victoire said softly. "But if Teddy and I can make it work, then you and Luke can too." "We tried," Grace said, her eyes watering. "Our relationship just wasn't strong enough." There was a knock on the door. Danielle peered inside and smiled. "Hey, guys! I just came by to say hi." "Dani!" Skylar shrieked, throwing her arms around Danielle. "It's good to see you too," Danielle said with a small smile. "How are you lot doing?" "Not too great," Victoire told her. "We miss our friends." Danielle nodded. "I know. It's going to be weird without those two idiots annoying me year round." "You're talking about Teddy and Finn?" Grace asked with a light laugh. Danielle nodded. "And it's going to be even harder without Chris. I always hoped he'd find his way back to me." Victoire's easy smile faded away instantly. "Yeah, me too." "But life goes on right," Danielle said, forcing a smile. "Chris would've wanted us to carry on, to keep going." "Yeah, he would've," Victoire said softly.