brunette for a bit. "Oh, I'm going to give you something." "That fat cock?" He asked, settling his head between his arms as he pushed back lightly, trying to breach himself. "Harry!" Draco cried out, fingers hooking around the curve of his hip, holding him still as he slid inside. "Stop you dirty, little fucker!" He leaned forward, brushing kisses along his shoulder blades. "Such a slut with that damn, dirty mouth." "Mmm, there's so much ." He murmured, glancing at his husband, seeing cheeks stained pink, eyes dark and trained on him, nearly white hair falling into his face. He let out a warm giggle, biting the tip of his tongue playfully as stormy eyes rolled. "You're the worst." Draco muttered, placing a hand on either side of the couch beside Harry's once he was finally flush with his backside. He drug the flat of his tongue up the side of his neck before sealing their mouths in a slow kiss, heart fluttering in his chest at the breathy gasp issued between their lips as he gave a tiny thrust. "God damn." Draco whispered, feeling the boy keening against him. He nibbled the shell of his ear as he began a lanquid pace. "Give it to me." He whimpered. "I will, just let me enjoy this view for a bit." Draco replied, looking down as he slid inside. "Merlin, your arse looks phenomenal right now, those little cheeks shaking every time I put it in." Harry let out a low whine. "And here you are getting onto me about my mouth?" Draco gave him a sharp spank. "What have I told you about mouthing me, boy?" He murmured in a dark voice, causing Harry to gasp. He continued his slow strokes, watching cheeks burn with color. "Are you going to shut me up, sir?" He countered. The blonde snapped, leaning in and cupping Harry's mouth, slipping a thumb inside, the other hand wrapping around his throat, squeezing gently. "Mmm, you think you can shut up?" He began a brutal rhythm, watching dark eyes screw shut. Harry wailed, gripping the back of the couch, knuckles white. He felt almost overwhelmed with sensation as Draco rut against him. "Suck my thumb and keep quiet." Draco commanded in a soft voice against his ear, thrill dancing along his spine at the strangled moan released from the boy. Harry obeyed, sucking the digit as Draco pounded into him. He struggled to remain quiet, little squeaks of pleasure escaping every so often. "You are so gorgeous, I love you so damn much." He kissed the space behind his ear, orgasm starting to pool low in his stomach. Draco watched as a hand made to move in an attempt to grab Harry's cock. "Don't you dare." He warned, earning a guttural groan. " Shh ." He shifted slightly, making sure that every thrust was now aimed at the bundle of nerves inside the Boy Wonder. Harry whined, hips beginning to ache dully with the force of Draco's movement. He bit the thumb lightly, pleasure washing over him. "Come for me, boy." Draco whispered, biting his ear, feeling the brunette seize up, ragged moan pouring from a kiss swollen mouth as he let go of his neck, sliding both hands down his back as Harry streamed onto the couch. He watched a thin torso racked with sobs. He slowed his motion, seeing the boy struggling to catch his breath. "You okay?" "I came so hard." Harry muttered, voice thin and whispy as he tried to pull enough oxygen into his lungs. His head was pounding as he let it rest against the cushion. "You did." Draco stated, kissing the back of his neck, smoothing his hands along his torso. He gave a sharp thrust, earning a soft cry of pain. "Too much?" "My hips hurt, just go slow, if you can." Draco eased away, laying the boy on his back, bringing his legs up to wrap around his waist. "Is this better?" He asked quietly as he slipped back inside. Harry nodded, tucking one arm under his head and watching the blonde move. "Still go kind of slow, though." "Oh, I see." He muttered, planting hands on either side of the boy and leaning in close. "I choke you, pound that little ass of yours and now you want me to make love to you?" He giggled, using his free hand to push sweaty platinium locks back. "Mmm, isn't that how it should be, though?" "You kill me." Draco said with a playful snarl before sealing their mouths in a languid, passionate kiss, moving carefully against him. "I love you." He murmured against his lips. "I love you, too." Harry replied, giving him another slow kiss, mewling. "I want you to come, Draco." "It takes time, Harry." He countered, trying to keep his rhythm steady. "Oh, does it?" He lilted, reaching out and tugging at each nipple. He let out a breathy gasp, carefully placed, watching as grey eyes snapped shut, color rushing over pointed cheeks. Draco growled, kissing him hungrily, sucking and biting at already bruised lips, nearly losing it as the boy wriggled under him, throaty giggles and soft moans threatening to do him in. "Dray." He murmured against his mouth. "Oh my God, Harry." Draco breathed, pouring himself into his husband as he came, fingers digging into the fabric of the couch. "How do you always know how to get me?" Harry purred, stretching out under him as he watched the blonde come down. "Because I know you like the back of my hand, love." He slipped from him, settling their torsos together, running fingers through unruly locks. Draco took a slow, steadying breath. "That I suppose you do." "Mmm, that was fun, but I'm going to be sore tomorrow." "You want to head upstairs, I can help you rub it out, baby?" Draco countered, kissing along his jaw. Harry squealed, pushing him lightly. "What have I told you about pushing me, boy?"