chilly souls close by. I was aware of their every movement as they mirrored my own. They radiated an assortment of emotions ranging from concern to anger. I did my best to block them out, to urge them back to what they were doing. It seemed to work as I no longer felt them, but I could have sworn I saw Nick before he ducked back into a wall. Finally, after much struggle on the moving stairs, we stood at the portrait of the Fat Lady. She looked down from her nails and spotted us. She tried to appear uncaring, but we all saw her worry. "Password?" "Codswallop." I deadpanned. The painting swung open to reveal the Gryffindor common room. Lupin and McGonagall helped me inside and set me on the couch. They tried to talk me into climbing the stairs to my room, but I waved them off. "Honestly, I'll be fine. Just let me catch my breath and I'll head up to bed. You have classes tomorrow. Go get some sleep. You need it more than I." Both Professors gave up and left me on my own. It wasn't until the portrait clicked shut that Harry and Ron appeared as if from nowhere. "'Mione!" "What happened in the forest?" "What did Dumbledore say?" "Are you in trouble?" I tried to push them out of my face. "Calm down. You two sound like Fred and George." I looked around to make certain no one was listening in and gestured them closer. I spoke in a soft voice. "In the forest, I called the ghosts to my aid to save you, Harry. Don't ask me how because I've no clue how to do it again. Headmaster Dumbledore… said I am able to do it because I am a… necromancer." Both boys looked puzzled. "What's a necromancer?" "Headmaster said that a necromancer is a witch or wizard that has power over the realm of the dead. They are also very rare. It is not an art that can be practiced by all. It is a… gift bestowed upon few. It's not even genetic. He said that even he does not know why I was chosen, only that I was born with it." Ron still looked stumped, but Harry gestured for me to continue. "Well, did you get into trouble? I mean you did kill one of Hagrid's beasts." I shook my head. "I didn't mean to, Harry. I saw it lunge at you and… I just…. My magic core exploded." "Then why were you in there for so long?! We sat in the hall for hours! Hagrid dragged us back to here because Dumbledore said it wasn't for our ears." I stared at my knees, unable to meet my best friend's vivid green eyes. "At first they talked about sealing it away, but then Dumbledore brought up sending me away to…" "WHAT!?" Harry and Ron screeched. They clung to my limbs in desperation. "He's going to send you away?! Are you serious?! We need you here! I need you here!" I pat their heads in an attempt to mollify them. "Relax. I'm not leaving Hogwarts. Though Professor Snape did offer to have me transferred into Slytherin so that he could…" The Weasley twins, whom I hadn't noticed were trudging downstairs, announced their presence quite loudly. "What?!" "You're getting moved…" "To Slytherin?!" "Is Dumbledore insane?!" ' Fuck fuckity fuck fucking fuckers fuck!' I shushed them in my best whispered shout "Would you two keep it down?! What I've got to say is top secret! Which means you two go back to bed and keep your mouths shut!" Fred and George now looked intrigued. Still shaken, but interested. "What's that?" "A secret?" "We love secrets. Don't we, George?" "Can't get enough of them." I groaned and waved them over. The Weasley twins scampered over to join us on the couch by the dying fire. They snuggled up on either side of me as Harry and Ron occupied the space at my feet. "Welcome to the circle of 'in the know'. Everything said in the circle, stays in the circle. You two dingbats tell anyone else what I am about to say and I'll make your worst nightmares look like a pleasant daydream. Got it?" They nodded. "Alright. As I was saying, Snape offered to take me under his wing. Yes, that meant being transferred to the Slytherin House. I wasn't too keen on that idea, so Dumbledore offered to send a letter to the High Master of Durmstrang for his help. Apparently, Durmstrang is a magical school that puts a lot of emphasis on the Dark Arts. Dumbledore said that if anyone can help me, it's the people from Durmstrang." Fred and George were wide awake and staring at me with wonder. "Why would you need help from those guys?" I hesitated before telling them. "Turns out I'm a necromancer. If I don't gain control over my magic, I can do a lot of harm to those around me." Harry stood up and pulled me to my feet. "We'll talk more about this tomorrow. It's late and 'Mione needs to sleep." He turned to me with an sweet smile. "Don't you worry, 'Mione. Everything will work out." I giggled somewhat hysterically. "At least it's my problem this year and not yours." Harry stopped to think about it. "Part of me is elated that it's not me this year. The other part is apprehensive to see what it feels like being the one to watch my friend suffer." I placed one foot on the steps. "It sucks. I think I'll throw in some childish tantrums just to give you an idea of what it's like to be your sidekicks." Harry pouted and wished me good night. I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow and dreamed about wounded Gwyllgis and murderous ghosts. I had no clue that the school's resident entities had converged in my room in response to my distress.