both their cocks, sliding them, half hard against one another. "What do you smell when that potion is around?" "The library." Draco stated simply. "And this faint flowery smell, which I think is the shampoo you use. Then vanilla because what's my favorite food?" Harry leaned his head against the cold lip of the tub. "Ice cream." He continued to stroke them together, feeling the blonde twitch. "Why the library?" "Because I love the smell of old parchment..." He felt color rise in his cheeks as he explained. "I would always find you there, hiding up somewhere...while I was hiding up somewhere. I'd watch you, trying to figure out what was going through your head, the same you were probably doing to me." He let out a soft gasp at a particularly delightful flick of Harry's wrist. "Remember it was the only place we could really hang out together when we first came back to Hogwarts?" Draco shrugged. "I dunno, I just always associate the smell with you." Harry brought him in for a heated kiss, sliding their tongues together. "I didn't know you could be so sentimental, Malfoy." He grinned. "Prat!" Draco exclaimed, pinching his nipple. Harry giggled. "Mmm, keep doing that." "This?" Draco lilted, pinching both buds lightly, watching as Harry bit into his lower lip, eyes flashing with pleasure. "Yes, that." He murmured, continuing to rub their erections against one another, hand trailing down to cup Draco's sac, earning a breathy whimper. He felt lust surge through him as the blonde tugged at each nub. "You feel so good." He let his fingers wander further, pressing his thumb to the space between entrance and balls. Draco tugged his lip between teeth, giving the brunette a feral look as he massaged the skin there. "Harry." "I want you to stroke me." He released their cocks, moving the thumb in a slow circle, reveling in the wanton little mewl that passed from bitten lips. "God, that feels amazing." Draco whispered, obeying the Boy Wonder and wrapping his hand around hot flesh. "Does it?" He countered, slipping fingers back to lightly brush against his opening, earning a jolt and a whimper of pleasure. "What about that?" "Merlin, yes." Draco let his head fall back, sensation tingling along his spine at Harry's careful ministrations. "Tease me." Harry growled softly, leaping in Draco's hand as he watched his husband flush in satisfaction. He continued to lightly brush the skin in slow circles. He felt the blonde shudder against him, grey eyes dark with mischief as his head tilted forward. He kissed him hungrily, moaning into his mouth as he assaulted his lower lip, biting the already bruised flesh once more. "Put a finger in." He whispered, earning a choked gasp. "Are you sure?" Harry asked, leaning back slightly to search his gaze. He took a deep breath in as he watched the Adonis nod, slipping a digit inside, crying out when he felt a hand squeeze his cock just right, causing it to twitch. "Another." Draco murmured after a few moments of slowly stroking Harry off. He let his free hand trail below the water, grabbing the brunettes sac and pulling gently, watching as color burned across his cheeks. "I want you to make me come just from your fingers." "Dirty little bastard." Harry grinned, slipping another finger inside and locating that knot, pressing on it as though it were a button, watching the blonde jerk forward, shocked gasp bursting forth. "Oh my God, Harry, I didn't mean right this second!" He whimpered, trying to shift away from the fingers slightly, only to have a hand grip his hip and hold him still against assaulting digits. "Oh, you're that close?" He lilted, rubbing the spot in a torturous manner, body humming as Draco's head fell back, mouth dropping open. "Holy fuck, Harry!" He cried out, free hand clutching at the side of the tub as pleasure surged through him, orgasm pooling low in his belly. "Please." Harry was unrelenting, pressing against the bundle of nerves in a steady circle, watching as his lover crumbled. "Aren't you supposed to be stroking me?" Draco let out a breathy sob, thin frame trembling as Harry continued to rub that spot. "Oh Merlin, baby...Oh my God..." He whimpered, trying to find the concentration to wrap his hand back around Harry's length, feeling how incredibly solid he was. "You can't come until I do." Harry informed the blonde, seeing grey eyes snap open to lock with his. "Hurry then!" Draco said, voice cracking as fingers pressed harder, need to come almost painful. "Please." He pleaded, swiveling the palm of his hand around Harry's tip. "I love you. I love seeing you come completely undone, a quivering mess in my lap." Harry leaned up, flicking the tip of his tongue across a shaking lower lip, curling his fingers over and over. "Just waiting for me to let you come." "Harry, fuck!" He whined, thighs quaking with effort to not explode. "Please, for the love of everything, let me come." Harry chuckled darkly, giving one last swipe to that knot and delighting as the blonde shouted, spurting between them, clenching tightly around Harry's fingers. He moaned softly, the look of pure ecstasy upon Draco's face enough to push him over, pulsing into Dracos' palm. "Oh my God, why did I ask for that?" Draco panted after a few moments, nestling his head into the crook of Harry's neck, body thrumming from the force of his orgasm. "I should have known you'd torture me." Harry laughed, running his hands up and down the boy's back, pressing kisses to his temple. "It was worth it though. Merlin, the look on your face as you came, you're stunning. I know it had to feel amazing with the way you yelled." "It was bloody brilliant, but it almost hurt, you edging me like that." "Would you do it again, though?" Harry asked, feeling lips against his ear. "In a heartbeat." Draco whispered, giggling.