way out of punishment and still walk among us. What do you think will happen when they find out about her? And what about the rest of the public?! You both know better than I do that the girl's Basilisk traits would cause widespread panic! They'll demand the poor girl's head on a pike! No. The best place for her is with the Unspeakables, where they can study and understand her." "Now see here, Hiddleston!" Moody stomped his staff. "That lass has just lost her family in one night and gained deadly attributes! Yer punishing the lass for an attack that she had no control over! By all means, let the bloody Unspeakables try to cure 'er, but place her in a family and let 'er live 'er life after they've had their bloody fun!" The Healer scoffed in derision. "Place her with who? You? You're a Hit Wizard, always on the front lines and dealing in dangerous missions. You may be able to provide the care the poor girl needs, but what will happen if you die? Where would she go then? And there's no bloody way in hell that a Pureblood family would take her. Not any I trust. I considered the Weasley family. I know Molly personally and I know she would love another daughter to care for, but placing Miss Granger amongst all those blasted children of hers, especially that little bastard called Ronald, is just asking for trouble." "Let him take her." Hiddleston and Moody turned at the same time. "What?" Shacklebolt was sitting calmly in his seat. "Let Moody care for her. I know for a fact that he has been considering retiring from the field work and taking over Auror training. My partner is probably the most paranoid man I've ever met and will provide the best environment for Miss Granger to grow." Timothy Hiddleston slumped in his seat and rubbed his eyes as if to stave off the mother of all headaches. "Forgive me for saying that Moody does not come off as a proper father figure. Especially to an orphaned girl with a literal killer glare." "He can do it. I've had the pleasure of meeting the girl before the attack, if only briefly, and I know she is a lot stronger than you think. The last thing she needs is some stranger coddling her. I honestly think that Miss Granger would thrive under Moody's care." The Healer groaned into his hands and let his hand drop to his lap. He looked up at Moody with a calculating gaze. "Are you willing to take responsibility for Hermione Sylvia Granger? This includes any accidents that may occur by her gaze or fangs." "Yeah, I'll take care of the lass." Moody grunted unceremoniously. Timothy Hiddleston sighed and pulled a stack of papers out of a drawer in his desk. Blazoned at the top of the page was the title Request for Adoption . "Might as well fill this out now so that you won't have to wait while the Ministry takes it's sweet time processing it. By the the time the Unspeakables are okay with sending her out into the world, you'll hopefully have full custody of her." Shacklebolt conjured a quill and ink pot. "The paperwork must remain under the tightest security in the Mystery Departments vaults. No one must know about the girl." Hiddleston allowed himself a smirk. "Not even the Gods will get past those wards." VHK It took three months for the Unspeakables to determine that there was no cure for poor Hermione Sylvia Moody. The best they could provide was a specially made goblin circlet that couldn't be removed by hand or spell unless Hermione willed it so and a pair of specially made goggles that would protect Alastor from her gaze should he ever wish to check on them. To see if the eyes affects were fading, but they didn't appear very hopeful. Hermione was released into Moody's custody and she felt… hopeful. True she had months to mourn her family's death, and she would always miss them. Moody, Uncle Alastor as she would learn to call him, wasn't trying to take their place and was gracious enough to open his home to her. Hermione had found out through various tests just how dangerous her gaze could be. She knew that anyone else would have turned her away if they had known, but Moody knew and was willing to look past it and take care of her. Over their first dinner together, Moody explained how Hermione's life would be from then on. He would teach her how to move, how to fight, how to cast the strongest and most complicated of spells so that she could protect herself. When the time came for her to attend Hogwarts, she would don her circlet and play her role. Her cover was simple and easy to stick to; her parents, extended family to Alastor, had a potions accident that left her blinded and scarred. She will act as if the scar was hideous and hid it from the world so that it wouldn't frighten people away. Her parent's names were Alexander and Morgana Moody. Should anyone, specifically those who had known them despite them being Aurors for the French Ministry, she could claim their memories made her sad and no one would push her. Alastor would teach her Occlumency and Legilimency so that no one could read the truth in her mind and so she could hear their doubts and sooth them. Moody planned to groom her as a perfect Auror, for even though she could not see in the normal sense, she discovered that she could 'see' magic and heat signatures. This, Moody found, made her irreplaceable as she could see a person under a Disillusionment Charm and could 'see' the runes that made up a ward, therefore making it easier for her to take it down or change it completely. Yes, Hermione Sylvia Moody would do just fine.