lot of de-stressing, then?" I turned my back on him. "I'm not in the mood, Draven. I just want to reach Hogwarts safely and sleep for a week." He flipped over my head and landed in the lotus position on the crown of Rehvenge's head. He planted his elbows on either knee and cupped his face between my head. His eyes, more gold today than green, were soft. "And what has my little princess on edge? Rescue mission didn't go as planned?" I huffed indignantly. "That's insinuating that there was a plan at all. Harry dives headfirst into trouble without a care of what will happen to him. He almost used his brain tonight, but Ron was there to encourage mindless behavior and everything damn near went to hell! Bloody prat. I'd like nothing more than to feed him to Wrhath." Draven wore that smugly amused smirk of his that irritated me so. It reminded me so much of Professor Snape when he caught someone in a lie or breaking the rules; especially if it was Harry. "It sounds like something happened. Something that was particularly hurtful. I know you to be very forgiving to those you care for and surprisingly thick-skinned, probably from all the bullying you endured as a child. Few things truly hurt you, but those that do hit you incredibly hard. So… what has the Boy Wonder done that has put you in such a defensive mood?" I hunched over and bowed my head, allowing my dark hair to shield me from Draven's observation. The bloody Demon had a way of finding things out about me, even the things I tried so hard to hide. "You saved the day once again with nary a nod from the very people who claim to be your friends." His voice was gentle, which was out of place atop a fiery beast running at a neck breaking speed. "No doubt you concocted some plan, the best you could do on such short notice, only for your so-called friends to ignore it thereby placing you and themselves in danger." Sometimes, I think he's lying when he says he doesn't watch me. He knows too much for it to be mere educated guesses. "You have confronted Death Eaters, one that even we find particularly nasty was present." His smile grew malevolent. "Her soul is worth much back home." Meaning if I were to collect and sell her soul to him, I would get another relic or a weapon forged from the soul. I usually shied away from just the thought of handing someone's eternal soul to a Demon, but I know for a fact that Bellatrix deserved the worst they could do and more. "And you had to give them something. Something very important…" His eyes closed and he pinched the bridge of his nose with his thumbs. "Oh, Sylvia, you didn't." Of course he knew. "It's not like it means anything! A prophecy is just a proclamation about a possible future if certain criteria are met." "A prophecy is a glimpse of an event time that is set in stone. The strength and power of Seer will determine the amount of the future seen, the period of time. Trelawny isn't the strongest Seer of her generation. In fact, she is one of the weakest of the official Seers in all of history. She only saw the… how do I put this?... She saw the fork in the road pertaining to Potter's prophecy. It is set in stone, Riddle's actions have seen to that, but the war's finale can go either way. " Your prophecy was made centuries ago and has been updated since then. The first one was vague, a future declaring that a witch would overthrow the magical bloodlines with demonic power. That's why the Ministry of Magic made it illegal to summon demons. Another prophecy was made around 15 years ago adding on to that prophecy and clarifying the subject of the revolution. From what I understand, you weren't mentioned by name, but it dropped a few hints. Thankfully, the self proclaimed purebloods don't bother studying non-magical mythology. If they did, you would have been… escorted to the Ministry and brainwashed into obedience or outright killed." Unfortunately, Draven was right. The Ministry of Magic was made up of bigoted, incestuous morons who shouldn't be left in charge of a birthday party much less an entire magical community. Draven stood up and clicked his tongue. Rehvenge slowed until he could safely stop. The beast panted happily after his little jaunt through Purgatory. "We need to find it. I need to see if Riddle and his followers will take it seriously. If they do, we need to be prepared for the worst. You are the one proclaimed to change the magical world forever." "And if he doesn't?" Draven whistled a jaunty tune through his teeth. Rehvenge got up and turned to the left and started sprinting again. "The goal here is to get your prophecy back without him hearing it at all. If we are too late, we'll grab it and hope none of them took notes. From what I remember from hearing it the first time, the wording is a little tricky, but the subject is plainly obvious once one can figure out the riddles." I rolled my eyes and crossed my arms over my chest. I knew I was pouting, but the last thing I wanted to do after the shitfest of a so-called rescue mission, I desired nothing more than a long night's sleep. "Fine, I'll help you. But only because I'm somewhat curious as to what the prophecy proclaims. It's not like I place any stock in them." Draven only smiled wickedly in return. And it had begun to sink in. I was about to brave the snake nest with only my wits and a demon whose thoughts are always occupied by the wonders of sex. All for a crystal orb. Oh well. I've had worse nights.