right. But all the while his thoughts were on what Alain had said. Love, something else it was. Luckily, or unluckily however you want to see it, just then Mrs Weasley came out with her breakfast floating behind her. She shwished her wand and the food set itself on the table in its right place. She smiled and turned back to the burrow. "EVERYONE BREAKFAST." Harry not having expected closed his ears and waited for the ringing to finish. And the entire lot of them came trampling out as though they have never seen food before. Breakfast was a merry affair, the bride and groom made dopy faces throughout and everyone was joking and laughing. The rest of the day progressed much like that too. The canopies were put up, the decoration done, food made, cake baked. In all this no one seemed to remeber that it was Harry's birthday. Not that he expected them to, it was someone else's big day. Even then, everytime someone asked him why he was dressed so nicely he had an urge to ask them what happened on thirty first july. But he did not, he just smiled and shrugged. Which was why he jumped out of his pants almost when the twins wished him and kissed him simultaniously on the cheek. "Thanks guys, how come you remembered. I thought no one remembered." He asked touched. "Oh Harry you wound us, do you really think so low of us?" the spoke in their twin speak while cheekily grinning. "But in all seriousness, we hope you have faantastic year ahead of you and we wish you all the best." And they dissapeared. Harry shrugged and moved on. Before he knew it the wedding march was playing and Fluer was walking down the isle in her beautiful wedding gown looking so incredibly radient and happy. She was a picture perfect bride. She was handed of to Bill by her father, who then went back to his seat wiping away his tears. Dumbledore was officiating and he greeted the couple in loud purple robes that were probably the most cringe thing about the wedding. The wedding itself was beautiful, they had elected to say the traditional wizarding wedding vows and invoking the blessings of mother magic and performing a bonding afterwards. The moment their magic combined the entire party could feel it, and they felt it again when the magic settled and the newly married couple presented themselves. There were cheers all around and Harry could not help but become exited and happy in the contagious atmosphere. He cheered just as loud as everyone else and watched with happiness as the newly wed couple walked back down the isle to greet their parents and accept their blessings and well wishings. Soon everyone had settled down for the dinner party and Mr Weasley stood up to begin the wedding toasts. He spoke of how proud he was of his son and wished him all the best. Fluer's father did the same thing and so did the mothers. Mr Weasly then waved his wand and the food appeared. Harry had been placed next to Alain, surprisingly enough while Ron and Hermione werew placed further away. This was a good thing as he was given the perfect opportunity to speak with Alain more. He had a few more questions he wanted answered before he made his final decision. "Alain?" "Hmm?" "You said you were leaving as soon as the engagement party is over and I have to make my decision by then?" Harry asked nervously. "Yes," he looked at Harry questioningly. "Well I have almost made up my mind and I just have one more question and I will give you my answer." He said sounding more confident than he felt. Alain nodded in a go on motion. "What do you mean when you say that I will be your submissive?" he did not understand that part at all. The romance novels that he had heard girls talking about always painte submissives as damsel in distresses and made them out as mindless drones only living to please their mates. He was not that kind. "Well now that is a comlicated question, one that you have every right to ask. I will do my best to answer it." Alain took a long sip of his wine and started explining. "As my submissive, you will basically be saying that you will allow me to provide for you, protect you and cherish you. You will be my most precious posession, but not like a pet, like a partner. You will be my bride and the mother of my children and you will have to look after them." He looked back to see if Harry was following. Harry nodded and he continued. "there is not much else to it, the bedroom side we covered last night and you took all that I gave so beautifully, so we are covered there." He chuckled when he saw the blush on Harry's face but continued talking anyway, "You will assentially be the lady of the manor." Harry thought to himself and digested this information, is this what he wanted from life, some one to care for him and take care of him? Yes, yes it was. He answered himself with startling clarity, after all that he had been through it was not even surprising. He looked at Alain and nodded. "Yes, I will come with you. Please take me away." He shocked himself by saying that but it was the truth. Alain nodded understandingly and smiled. "All you had to do was ask. You have everything?" "Yes, most of my things are in my Gringotts vault. That is blocked off to everyone but me." He said slightly breathless, he was free. "Then away we go." This will be a one shot for now, but if enough people want it to be turned into a full story, I will try my best. I hope yu enjoyed this, Sumpremebananamanager,