him. "Dray." He whimpered, meeting his gaze in the darkness, grey eyes hooded, sizzling with lust and need for Harry. "You're a God." He growled softly, fingers gripping the soft flesh of the inside of Harrys' thigh as he continued his languid strokes. "A God, huh?" He managed to tease eventually, giving the brunette a devilish smirk. Harry let out a breathy laugh, reaching back and gripping Dracos' forearm, cock twitching almost painfully as that knot was hit. "You keep hitting that spot." He moaned, feeling sweat beginning to prickle at his temples. "Every time and it feels so good . So good." "You want me to go faster? Harder?" Draco asked, biting the skin of his shoulder. "Absolutely not." He murmured, dragging a hand through his messy locks. "You can go deeper though, if you fancy such a thing." Harry released a guttural cry as he felt Draco press all the way inside him. "I'm pre-cumming...literally everywhere." Draco pushed Harrys' thigh up, bending his knee so he could let the leg go, hand trailing down to circle him, thumb brushing a dribbling tip. "You're so fucking hot." He muttered, laughing softly as his hand was batted away. "Don't touch it! I'm trying not to come!" Harry whined, voice breathy as the blonde continued his steady pace. "You're already close?" Draco teased, hand smoothing along a tight thigh, gripping his hip firmly. Harry laughed. "Are you kidding me! Draco you going so slow...and so OH!" He growled at a deep stroke. "You're so bloody hard ." He whispered, hand reaching blindly for the sheets as pleasure rippled through him. "God damn." Draco laughed, nibbling his ear once more, hand moving to splay out on a flat stomach, pressing the brunette back into his pelvis, relishing in the sharp intake of air from Harry, watching as he tensed up, face scrunched in ecstasy. "Why does this feel so good?" He muttered, body humming with the need to come. Harry took a slow breath, feeling that hand move up to tug at each nipple. "You're killing me, Draco." "Am I?" He whispered, feeling his orgasm pool low in his belly. "What a way to go though, right?" Harry laughed softly, tilting his head back once more. "I suppose it is." Draco mewled, covering his mouth in a hard kiss, twisting their tongues together, taking from Harry until his head fell back, gasping for air. He sped his actions slightly, gripping the boy's thin hipbone. "Oh God! Did I tell you, you could go faster, Malfoy?" He growled. "I'm starting to get impatient." Draco held him tightly, thrusting deeply, thrill dancing along his spine at Harrys' feral groan. "Besides, I know you're dying to come." Harry whimpered, head lolling back on his pillow, heartbeat thudding in his ears. "Fuck yes I am." "You want me to make you come, boy?" He whispered, voice strained and raspy as he continued his motion, feeling Harry shudder, clenching so tightly around him he nearly lost it. "Fuck." He mumbled. "Yes, Draco, yes, please make me come." Harry begged with a soft whine, mouth dropping open as the blonde ground himself against his backside, burying himself all the way in. Harry sobbed, reaching down to grip his cock as he spurted across the sheets. Draco chuckled low in the back of his throat, nibbling Harry's ear. "Damn, baby." He praised softly, watching him shudder. He felt his own orgasm burn through him. He gave a few more sharp thrusts before emptying himself inside Harry. Harry sighed, falling limp into his pillow, breathing ragged. "Draco." He managed to mutter after some time. "Harry." He countered, burying his face in damp, dark locks, breathing in his scent and the smell of their sex. He rolled forward once the blonde slipped from his body, reaching for the bottle of water he had set on the beside table before bed. Unscrewing the cap, he gulped down a few mouthfuls. "Gimme." Draco muttered, propping himself up on one elbow and taking the bottle as it was passed to him. He took a long drink, letting a slow sigh out as he gave the drink back to his lover. "Damn." Harry giggled, screwing the lid back on and tossing it onto the nightstand. He shifted onto his back, looking at the blonde in the dim light. "You wrecked me." Draco laughed, tucking his pillow between his arm and head. "I did?" He grinned, eyes raking the naked, sweaty little brunette beside him. "You do look at little worse for wear." Harry swatted playfully at him. "Job well done, I suppose." He smoothed his bangs from his eyes. "You suppose, do you need another round?" "No! I'm done, you were so deep it almost came out of my mouth." Harry murmured, sleep beginning to ebb at the corners of his conscious. "So you're saying when we wake up again?" Harry laughed. "We've got wedding things to do." He shifted, kicking his underwear the rest of the way off, flinging them onto the floor. He shimmied the blankets back up. "We have all day to get that done. I want to have all the premarital sex with you that I can before it finally get's here." Draco replied, hand splaying out on Harry's sternum. "I love you so much." Harry giggled, low and sleepy in the back of his throat. "We will have to see how I feel when I get up, maybe I'll have to get you!" He reached up, clasping the hand and squeezing it gently. "I love you too, so much. Let's go back to bed." He murmured, pulling the blonde to rest his head on Harry's chest. He idly ran his fingers through light colored locks. "I always snuggle you...I forget how good it feels to be snuggled." He remarked, wrapping his arm around a thin torso and pressing a soft kiss to his chest. Draco closed his eyes, listening to Harrys' heart beat as he let sleep pull him under.