Quidditch match in the first year. But it grows from here, although I can see you trying not to smile at the last one and pretend to be offended. I have found my parents but I was afraid to return their memories- I didn't think I could. Me and Ron..well we tried but I didn't really know how to explain this to him, so I guess it was a matter of time anyway. It's her, you know. Bellatrix Lestrange. Most of my nightmares are about her. And Voldemort. And you. Me? You ask, surprised. I don't look at you, but I can feel your keen eyes fixed on me. You. I dream about Nagini killing you. You don't talk, at first, but you listen and it makes me believe that you care . And when the first thing you confess comes in a quiet, resigned whisper, I find that I do too. I dream about that as well. And while I hated the nights before, I don't do it anymore, because of you. … My arm hurts today and I know it's been a year. I can almost feel them, her eyes, full of malice and madness, following me around the castle, tormenting me. So when the night comes and the darkness surrounds me, I take comfort because I know I can no longer be seen. Later, when we lie outside, I am probing my forearm with my fingers and I feel you watching me. We stand close to each other. You take my arm in your large hand and I see the unspoken question in your dark, serious eyes. I hesitate for a moment, before I nod. You are not the first one who sees it, but you are the first one who does because I let you . I see the anger in your eyes when you find the word branded on my arm. The pillar closest to us explodes and, for a moment, I'm rendered speechless. Not because I'm afraid, no, but because I'm surprised at how this makes me feel . We worked hard to fix the castle, you know, I joke, trying to ignore your fingertips that feel like a caress on my forearm. But it sounds weak coming from my mouth, losing all their meaning when I shiver slightly. And not because I'm cold. I am not cold. I am warm. I am warm and I can feel your eyes searching mine. I know your eyes. They are black, so black that in the moments when I'm most tired, I believe it mirrors the darkness inside of me perfectly. I am sorry, you say and we both know it's not about the pillar. My eyes fall on your covered neck. So am I. In a daring move, my hand finds yours and you don't let go for the rest of the night. … On the 2nd of May, I don't bother searching for you outside. I know you won't be there. Instead I leave the noisy common room like a shadow and go all the way down to the dungeons. Your office. It opens right before I arrive, like you already knew I was coming. Maybe you did. You watch with serious eyes as I approach your desk and as soon as I'm seated in the worn, wooden chair I can hear the door closing behind me. I realize that I've never seen you so unguarded before. So human . You don't wear your robes, so I can see the scar on your neck and it reminds me of my dreams. But I shake my head. That is not real. This is real . And later, when I selfishly move closer to you in search of that warm feeling again, the first thing I take in is the color of your eyes. Black. Intense. Bright . Promising. Bright. They unravel me completely and I impulsively lower my head and kiss your scar. You stiffen, before you sigh and close your eyes. It doesn't hurt you, no, but it's a pain of a different kind. Muttering something that I don't hear, you open your arms and gather me in them. And when I fall asleep, I don't wake up until much later to realize that you have, too. … I don't see you alone again for almost two months. You are there when we graduate- so are the rest of the teachers. Harry. Ron. A lot of people that I know and even more that know me. That's right. War hero. I am talking to Harry and Ron when you come. It's like I feel you, dark, secure, powerful , so I turn around to look at you. Congratulations, Hermione , you say in your hoarse voice and then, once again, I fall in your eyes. My name . And then you nod: Mr. Potter. Mr. Weasley. Professor, they acknowledge, somehow uncomfortably. Thank you, professor, I say and I wonder how would your name sound on my lips. Would it sound cold and detached like I've felt for a long time, or would it be a searing promise, like my name on yours is? Later, when I find you in the night, I know. And I feel like crying and laughing at the same time because really, how else one should react when they reach this conclusion? Your name sounds like me . Warm. Sweet. Bright. Severus. And while you make love to me, while your lips kiss every inch of my body, I know I'm tingling. And I can feel that place above my heart exploding when you say my name again and this time it means so much more. Hermione. You're not surprised when you see my tears, because you know what they mean. But your draw me closer to you until my head lies on your chest and your arm settles above my heart. My heart. My magic. And when we fall asleep, it's not her eyes that follow me around anymore.