guided the brunettes thrusts. "That feel good?" "That feels incredible." Draco murmured, trying to keep what little control he had left. "I'm going to come though, like right now, Harry." "Do it." He whispered against his back, grinning and letting out a low giggle. Harry aimed one more thrust against Draco, hearing his sudden gasp, goosebumps crossing porcelain flesh. "Again." He repeated the action, dragging his tongue up a section of Dracos' spine, watching as the blonde punched the mattress, hands clenching. "Let me see your face." Draco obeyed, turning his bright red face to the side, bangs soaked with sweat stuck to his temples and forehead. "Fuck it out of me." He whispered so quietly that only Harry could hear. "You are beautiful." He murmured, giving one more thrust, hands smoothing along thin, heaving sides as the blonde crumpled, streaming onto the comforter, entire body quaking with the effort. He kissed along his shoulder blades, letting the boy come down slowly. "Holy fuck." Charlie muttered after a few moments of labor breathing. Draco giggled low in his throat, swinging hooded grey eyes up to the redhead as Harry eased away from him. "We aren't even finished yet." He flopped over onto his back, fisting a still solid erection. Harry let out a soft moan, biting his lip and catching his fiances gaze, heart leaping when he saw that full mouth flash him an evil little smirk. "You're riding this." The brunette swallowed, searching the bed for the lube. "You think you're going to be able to hang in much longer?" He asked Charlie, eyeing a nearly purple tip. He poured a little lubricant into his hand, wrapping around Draco, gasping at the heat coming from his length. "I don't know..." Charlie admitted, letting out a little chuckle. "This...this is way hotter than I could have ever imagined." Harry shifted to straddle the blonde, reaching up to push sweaty, once platinum locks back. "I think you two would put me through the ringer." Harry laughed, smoothing hands along the ridge of Draco's ribcage as he rubbed his bottom against his cock. "I think you're right. We are quite the handful." He lilted, reaching back and gripping Draco. "I can see that." Charlie remarked. "Damn..." Harry muttered as he was breached. "Hmm?" Draco, goaded, dragging his fingertips along Harry's sternum. Harry rolled his eyes, giving the blonde a sly grin. "It's a lot. You're all pumped up." He muttered, sinking slowly. "Am I?" He replied, hands moving to caress jutting hipbones. "You'd better go nice and slow then." "I can't go slow, look at me!" Harry growled, giving himself a careful stroke. He shifted his thigh apart as he was finally flush. "This can't last long, I will die." Harry planted his hands on either side of Draco's head, leaning in and giving him a long kiss. "You gonna burst, baby?" Draco mewled, reaching down and cupping his sac, watching his jaw slacken, breathy moan following. "You'd better get moving." "No, you'd better get moving." Harry muttered, catching his eye. "I did all that work earlier." Draco gave him a tiny thrust, laughing when Harry squealed. "You sure you want me to do the work? I'm not going to be gentle...you did kind of punish me." Harry pushed all the way back, groaning when the blonde was deep inside him. "Punish me then." He whispered. "Fuck." "Fuck." "Go, Dray!" Draco gripped his hips hard, slamming up into the Boy-Who-Lived, watching as his hand stroked faster, jaw squaring, a gutteral moan spilling from parted lips. "Draco, please!" He whined, sensation racking his body as he was pounded against. "Come!" Draco commanded in a soft voice, thighs burning with effort. He let out a raspy giggle as the brunette poured himself along Draco's stomach and chest. Harry gasped for air, vision dimming slightly around the edges as he struggled to keep from seizing up. "Oh my God." He whimpered, heartbeat rushing in his ears. "Mmm." Draco said, reaching up and pushing soaked bangs from green eyes. Harry collected himself enough to glance at Charlie, whose chest was heaving, ropes of essense dotting a muscled, tattooed chest and along his hand. "Damn." The redhead laughed, head tilted against his headboard. "Yeah, apparently I needed that bad." Harry winced as Draco moved from inside him. He gave him a soft kiss. "I love you." He whispered against swollen lips before dropping beside the blonde, spent. "I love you too." He propped himself up on his elbows, trying to get himself to calm down some. "So, was that better than photos?" "Yeah, now if only I had a way to burn it into my brain!" Charlie remarked, laughing. "I suppose there is always a Pensive." Harry replied, reaching for any item of clothing nearby to wipe some of the sweat from his face. "Yeah, you are right." He muttered, sitting up. "This was pretty incredible, mates." "Mmm, you're welcome. Well, you go get cleaned up, we're going to lay here and try to get our wits about us." Harry said, eyeing the very pink blonde beside him. "I'm glad this wasn't weird...or too much for you." "Oh no, no no, you...you do this thing...any time you want. I will find time to answer." Harry giggled. "'Bye Charlie." He grabbed his wand, waving the cloud away. He turned to look at his fiance, whose cheeks were finally turning back to normal colors. "That was so good...I think we put on a pretty good show." Draco flashed him a dirty grin. "Maybe we are in the wrong business." Harry punched at him playfully. "We are not going to have people pay us to watch us have sex, Draco! Don't be a slut." Draco laughed. "A slut, eh? Seems like you were the one just begging me to punish you!" He bit his lip, seeing color sprout lightly in the brunettes cheeks. "You're so damn cute." Harry sat up, resting on his hands. "What now? Shower first, eat later?"