terrible friend. I can catch a ride with Dorcas, okay? Really-" "You gotta text me when you get home, okay? I am so, so sorry but-" Wherever Mary is, Lily can't hear what she's saying anymore, and so after a bit more warbled yelling, she hangs up, slips her phone back into her pocket. She leans up against the wall of the hallway, just off from the kitchen, she thinks. The music is still thumping through the walls, but there aren't any strobe lights or any people, and so Lily takes a moment to catch her breath, pushing a hand through her hair, shaking it off the back of her sweat slick neck. A part of her wishes she'd put on a headband before she'd left the house, but according to Mary, it hadn't fit the "aesthetic." Lily pushes herself off the wall, rolls her shoulders, and sets herself to go and find Dorcas- she doubts she'd be able to hear her phone in that mess out there- but- "Lily?" Her stomach drops. Because why would he be here? He doesn't even know Cardoc- well, not that she really knows Cardoc much either, just, the idea of Sev, there, at a party thrown by the type of person he said he hates. She turns, just slightly, hoping that she imagined it, imagined his voice. She hadn't. Because Sev is standing there in the hallway, a glassy sort of look to him in a pair of ill-fitting jeans and a worn-out t-shirt with a stain near the hem. It's strange, to see him out of his uniform. She hadn't even thought he owned anything casual . She can still see his black eye, even in the dark. "What are you doing here?" He takes a few steps closer to her, and as mad as she is at him, it's stupidly comforting to have someone else there with her, someone she knows. "I came with Mary. I'm allowed to have fun, Severus," she says, a bit pointedly. His eyes aren't quite focused and it's apparent he's been doing something. She can smell whatever it is he's been drinking on his breath. "You don't like parties," he says. It annoys her, for some reason, that he says that, that he says it like that. She folds her arms over her chest, frowns, just slightly. "I do, actually. You don't like parties. I never went to anything because you never wanted to go." He'd always found some way to get out of everything like this, out of everything that reeked of money and their richer classmates. "Came with Avery and Mulciber. I'm having fun, too. This is fun ." His words are strung together in a way that doesn't come naturally. He's close enough that Lily can see how glossed over his eyes are. Of course he's here with them, his new friends. "Why are you hanging out with them? They aren't good people, Sev, you know that. I know you know that. Their racists, you know." She doesn't know why she says it, especially why she says it there, in Cardoc's hallway during a rager, but. He laughs at her and it sounds sick. It's wet and heavy and drunk, his palm hitting the wall too close to her head as he tries to support himself and she hates that she flinches. He should have hated that, that he'd made her flinch. It doesn't look like he notices. "What do you know? You don't know them, Lil, their fun. They like me. They don't take any shit from dirty fuckers like Potter. We don't need his kind here. Not him, or… or fucking fags like Black or all those fuckin' immigrants," he slurs, gesturing with one hand. Lily hardens. "No, don't you say anything like that. You're not like this. You're just…you're drunk and saying what they've been telling you and-" "He likes you, fucking Potter, always fucking staring at you. Thinks he's so much better than everybody else 'spite being one of those ." "Severus," Lily snaps, her palms damp with sweat, shaking. No, no, no. She thinks about what Potter had said to her- tried to say to her, earlier in the courtyard. "I've defended you to him. You aren't like this . This isn't you. I've stood up for you." Even she knows how desperate she sounds. How pathetic she sounds. "I don't fucking need that, not from some immigrant cunt-" And it's like shattering glass. "Goodbye, Sev- Snivellus." She uses the name like a slap, hoping it hides the quiver in her lip because he is supposed to be her best friend. He's had lunch with her, with her Polish mum, in their house. He's supposed to have been her best friend. "Lily, no, wait, I didn't-" Snape stumbles toward her and over his words as she pushes him away, his hand on his shoulder, tugging and tearing at the strap of her top. It snaps as she pushes him again. "Leave me alone. I never want to fucking speak to you again." And she's pushing him again and moving faster than she thought she could down the hall. Someone presses a full, sloshing, cup into her hand and she drinks it, quick and thoughtless and stupid. She can hear him behind her still, trying to catch up, yelling her name. not from some immigrant cunt- not from some immigrant cunt- not from some immigrant cunt- There's another cup in her hand and she doesn't know who put it there. Most of it spills down the front of her ruined blouse. She isn't sure exactly when she started crying, but her head is swimming and she can't breathe, and it feels like the world is getting too close too quickly by the time she breaks out into the open night air. Lily doesn't look, not as she clumsily unlocks her phone, not as she scrolls, not as she hits call . "Potter," she hiccups, "ca-can you come get me?"