edge of Remus' underpants. He gave Remus a questioning look. And Remus nodded. Sirius ripped off his own and Remus' underpants and closed the curtains around the bed. Then he continued his kissing. Remus moaned when he kissed the inner side of Remus's thigh. Sirius kissed the soft and thin skin between Remus's leg and cock. Remus gasped. Then, with a last glance at Remus pleased face, he started the licking. He licked Remus around his cock. He was surprised to see how big it was, even if Remus was so thin. But he was tall, 6'4. Sirius took Remus's cock in his mouth and played with his tounge around the head of it. Remus made a pleased noise. Then Sirius went over to sucking and licking the underside of the shaft. This was the best feeling Remus had ever felt. He couldn't help himself, he gasped and made a funny noise at the same time. Remus took hold of Sirius head, tightly and felt himself coming closer to an orgasm. A moan slipped through Sirius's throat, and the boys came at the same time. Remus into Sirius's mouth, and Sirius onto Remus's bed. Both of them groaned and breathed heavily. Sirius climbed up to Remus's face and grinned. He felt happy that it was him that Remus made such cute noises together with. And that it was him Remus had lost his virginity to. Remus panted and smiled at Sirius. Then they kissed each other lightly. "Did you like it?" Sirius asked. "Mhm.." Remus answered, remembering exactly how it felt, Sirius mouth around his cock, licking and sucking. Sirius had given him a blowjob. Sirius and Remus had had sex. Remus was no longer a virgin. Was this a dream? They curled up in each others' arms and fell asleep, Sirius sniffing at Remus's chest, and Remus smelling Sirius's hair. It was the best night of Remus' sexteen year old life. The next day they woke up late. Neither Remus nor Sirius had no hangover, but it was worse for James and Peter. They had stayed at the party till 2 am. Both of them had stopped counting their drinks after 7 glasses. And when they stumbled up the stairs they had met closed curtains, they had opened them (not so smart) and had seen a naked Remus and Sirius spooning each other in their sleep. Peter had screamed and James had almost vomited on the floor. With that picture in their heads, they fell asleep. "'Morning, Moony." Sirius whispered and kissed Remus's forehead. Remus yawned and turned around. "Wake up, it's 1 pm already..." Sirius said softly. Remus opened his eyes slowly. He turned around and saw Sirius beside him, in his bed! It took a while for the memories to come back, and when they did, his eyes flew open and he sat bolt upright. Sirius only laughed at him. "Wha...wha..." Remus took his blanket and covered his chest and shoulders. "Hullo, Moons." Sirius said again, smirking at him. "Memories coming back, huh?" Remus breathed heavily and said, "I need to go to the toilet. Now," and stood up in his bed, still covering himself in the blanket. But that was a mistake, from his side. Sirius didn't have his own blanket, and lay now fully discovered on Remus's bed. Remus gulped and sat down again, covering Sirius up too. "What do we do now?" he whispered. Sirius only smiled, his black curls covering one of his eyes. Remus couldn't stop staring. "Well, we wait until James and Peter are gone," he said simply, and laughed at Remus's shocked face. Remus glanced at Sirius, but looked away quickly. "No!" he said, with a strange voice he didn't recognise. He inhaled deeply and tried again, "No, what if they won't wake up till it's bedtime again?!" Sirius shrugged. "Yeah, what if..." Remus moved closer to the curtains and stuck his head out. He saw that both James' and Peters' curtains were closed, so he turned back to Sirius. "They are sleeping," he said matter-of-factly, "They won't see us then." Sirius shrugged again. But Remus took the chance and stepped out on the floor. The still had the blanket though. He made it to the toilet, picking up some clothes on the way, unseen. So did Sirius. At the supper table the Marauders ate together. Both James and Peter thought of last night, but only James was brave enough to mention it. "So... Did you have a fun time last night?" he asked innocently, barely hiding his wicked grin. Remus face turned scarlet, but Sirius answered, "Yeah, very fun!", and grinned at Remus. "What did you do?" James wondered. "Nothing in particular... Did you see our kiss, though?" Sirius said, couldn't hide his excitement anymore. "At the dance floor? Remus rescued me from that awful Ravenclaw and kissed me!" James and Peter glanced at each other. "Yeah, we did. And then we saw you in Remus's bed..." Peter muttered, but he spoke higher then he meant to, and both Sirius and Remus heard him. Remus face turned even darker than before, and even Sirius flushed. James laughed loudly and Peter did the same. Then Sirius showed the ghost of a smile too. But Remus didn't find it funny at all. But Sirius didn't mind, he took Remus's face in his hands and turned Remus to face him. Then he kissed him, gently. Remus felt like flying on clouds. "I love you, Padfoot..." he mumbled against hos lips. "I love you too," Sirius smiled. Author's note : Okay, so I've read it through and corrected the faults and errors that I found. I really hope you enjoyed it, that it was at least a bit good, and that I didn't leave too many annoying mistakes or errors for you! I haven't uploaded a lot of stuff, and this is old, so don't judge me too hard! Please, leave a review so I know what you thought of it! Love you