door. He must be mad , she thought. Sighing she followed, deciding not to bother him until he got over this. ~*SW*~ Samaria grunted as she plopped down in her chair for dinner in the Great Hall two days later. He is so stubborn! she thought. Severus still hadn't spoken to her. Whether he liked it or not, the next time she saw him she was going to get him to talk to her. He didn't show up for dinner, so afterwards she went looking for him. After searching all of his usual places, Samaria finally found him in a random hallway in the school. "Severus, we need to talk." He kept walking, acting as if she hadn't spoken. "Severus," she said more severely, grabbing his arm. Finally, he turned to face her. "What?" he asked. "Are you going to stay mad at me forever?" "Perhaps." "That's childish! You could at least talk to me!" she said, getting more frustrated by the minute. "You could at least make time for your husband," was his angry reply, his cool demeanor gone and replaced with fiery anger. Good, she thought. I can handle arguing better than being ignored. "I make time for you, but it doesn't all have to be about you!" "How dare you put words in my mouth! That is not what I said!" he said his voice steadily rising. No one could infuriate him like this woman, not even Harry Potter. "It's what you thought!" she retorted, her volume matching his. Since most all of the students had stayed behind during holidays to attend the ball, the hallways were fairly full, and those close enough to hear turned to watch the argument unfold. "Oh, so now you're skilled in Legilimency! Tell me, what am I thinking now?" "Don't start. You're just mad because you didn't get what you wanted the other night!" she snapped. "THIS IS NOT ABOUT SEX!" he said in an extremely loud voice. As soon as he said it, he realized just how loud. Looking around at the students, some laughing, some shocked, he took her arm and led her straight to their quarters in the dungeon. "That is exactly what this is about," she insisted on the way, but he refused to say anything else until they were behind closed doors. The second the door in their chambers were shut Samaria demanded, "What is it about then?" "Those three, Potter, Granger, and Weasley! You spend more time helping them with their petty problems than even speaking with me!" "That's not true," she insisted. "Oh, is it not? Every day during lunch, where are you? After dinner? Before the Yule Ball, where did you go? And after? I barely see you. Why else would I be making up excuses to come to your office so often?" Samaria stood there, stunned. Had she really been spending so much time with them? They had grown so close, and she loved helping them. But… maybe she had been neglecting Severus. He's not the most open person in the world, so when she had found some other than him under fifty to talk to she jumped in feet first, never once thinking of how he would feel. She knew he despised Harry; so, all of the little comments he made, she hadn't really given them any thought. She had a horrible thought. Severus was once in love with Harry's mother, Lily. He feels that he lost her to James. How must he feel, thinking he was losing his wife to James' son? "I'm sorry," she whispered. "I didn't realize." That seemed to surprise him. Samaria usually didn't back down from an argument, whether she was wrong or not. Severus walked up to her and wrapped his arms around her waist. That was his way of showing her she was forgiven. Hugging him back she said, "I won't stop being their friend all together, but I will ease up on the time I spend with them." "That's all I ask," he murmured into her hair. Smiling she reached up and kissed him. "So, I'm forgiven," she asked, coyly? "Perhaps, I may need a little persuasion," catching her tone. "Then come, Professor. I shall persuade you." ~*SW*~ The next day, Samaria and Severus found themselves in Professor Dumbledore's office. "You are here because, as you both know, it is only a matter of time before Voldemort returns," he said. Like most everyone else in the wizarding world, Samaria winced at his name. Severus, though did not say it, was used to the name. "Severus has informed me that his Dark Mark grows ever darker, as does Karkaroff's. Samaria, you wish to spy for our side, am I correct?" the headmaster asked. She nodded. "Severus, you must teach her Occlumency. She must be able to hide her thoughts from her new master." "I will," he answered. "Good," was Dumbledore's reply. "Start as soon as you can. I fear we have little time." "Yes, sir." "Next week, I will hold the first meeting of The Order of the Phoenix in 13 years. I want you two to be present. I will give you the date and location before then." "Order of the Phoenix?" asked Samaria. "An organization I started when Voldemort (wince from Samaria) was last in power. I think now would be a good time to start it back up." The Headmaster paused a moment. "Now, you two go enjoy the holiday. It might be the last real one for a while," Dumbledore somberly said. As they left his office, neither said a word. "It's really happening, isn't it?" Samaria finally asked when they were back in their living quarters. "Yes. Do you know what you're getting in to?" "Not exactly, of course. But, then again, whoever does?" was the reply. Severus nodded and led his wife to their room to begin their first of many lessons. Please review and let me know what you think! Nothing brightens my day like a review!