the power that exists all around us. The Nomaj's call it gods or heaven or whatever. But wizards produce magic by forcing their will through the ether. When you cast a charm or transfigure an object, you're pushing your will into the ether to get the result you want. I can just also pull things out of it, which an ordinary wizard can't. Seers come the closest when they pull a prophecy out of the ether. But they can't control their access to it the same way a Celestial can." "So this allows you to read auras the way Seers discuss them?" "Yes... Sorry. I don't really do it on purpose. It's reflexive." Dumbledore chuckled and leaned forward to get a better look at the small teenage witch in front of him. This was the last thing he would have ever expected, his mind was soaring as he grappled with the concept and possibilities. "They died out though. The last one that existed was about a thousand years ago, probably around the same time that Hogwarts was being founded. She was my great, great, great, great ancestor. Iris Nyx. I would be surprised if anyone had heard of them though. They don't exist in much literature, we have the majority of the references back in the library at my house." "I see. I deplore bragging but Miss Nyx, as you might expect, I am not your average wizard. I was overly fond of legends and magical myths in my youth, so my having heard of the term shouldn't surprise too many people I'd expect. Pepper imp?" He reached into a drawer in his desk and pulled out a small bowl of the black candies and eyed them mischievously as he picked one out and popped it into his mouth. He slid the bowl to Theia and she tentatively reached for one. After they had both enjoyed a couple of candies in amiable silence, he continued. "Is that the extent of your extra-magical abilities as a Celestial? Reading auras?" His eyebrow quirked up the tiniest bit, a challenge to see if she would lie to him. She felt like his gaze would pierce her very soul, but she could feel that he wasn't using Legilimency on her. "No, Professor... It's a broad range of things they can do. We can pull out memories, or shades of people and events that either have happened or are very likely to. My first memory of it was when I pulled out a song that hadn't been written yet and was playing it for my little brother in his nursery so he would stop crying... Everything is connected within the ether so the Nomaj's got it right when they said time was just a concept. And... spells, I- well I can't- but there are records of Celestials being able to manipulate the path of spells cast by themselves and other wizards." The crystalline blue of Dumbledore's eyes grew murky behind his half-moon glasses, not very many wizards were fond of hearing that their magic could be manipulated by someone else, even after they had cast it. It was a dark concept that Theia didn't particularly like to think on. "I imagine with aging, and necessity, such profound abilities will come to you." "Perhaps sir." "Again Miss Nyx, do forgive my bluntness. These are growing to be troubling times and your branch of extraordinary magic cannot be denied. It would make you a very valuable, and therefore coveted, asset in the coming war." "By which side are you referring to, sir?" Dumbledore chuckled, "Why both of course, Miss Nyx." His expression sobered and Theia tried to remain steady, "Coming to Hogwarts could very well put you in more danger than any sane person might be comfortable with." Theia chewed on the inside of her lip as she fought with how to phrase this properly. "I would say that I understand Professor... but I don't imagine many 14 year olds do." "Wisely said my dear." Theia held her breath, the decision was coming, she could feel him mulling it over in front of her. She held his gaze with as much dignity as she could gather and when she felt the tiniest prods to the front of her mind again, her mind flew into the ether between them as she tried to drop any and all inadvertently placed shields it had constructed around her. Please find what you need to say yes. Please. I have no where else to go... After what felt like the passing of an eon, Theia's breath caught in her throat as he finally spoke, "I shall have my Deputy Headmistress send you an owl with a list of school supplies you'll need for the coming term, if you would be so kind as to forward your address on this continent over to us. You'll be starting your third year here with us. I'll arrange for your sorting on the first night of term separately from the first year's ceremony." "Thank you sir!" Theia's eyes brimmed again, and she choked back the urge to ball with every fiber of her being. Don't cry you ninny! He'll take it back! They stood up and he walked her back to the fireplace for her to floo back to America and tell her Aunt and brother the good news. Just as they stepped in front of the fireplace, Dumbledore cleared his throat, "One last thing Miss Nyx," Oh my god... He was kidding. I'm too dangerous. It was a trick... "Any student, who finds it in their heart to try, will always find a home at Hogwarts." "Thank you sir. Truly." Theia gave him a heartfelt, watery-eyed smile and chuckled at her own absurdity. He smiled warmly down at her and gave her a small pat on the back as she reached for a handful of floo powder. She spoke her home address clearly, and stepped into the purple flames. Holy shit... I'm going to Hogwarts.