him. Harry gave up on struggling to his feet and sat back, sprawled in the snow like a ragdoll. The grisly sound of tearing meat came from the grey and black creature beside him as it crunched heavy jaws through the meat and sinew of a fallen Death Eater. Black robes lay torn in the snow, the soft, muted colours of his insides spread around the unfortunate fucker and smeared onto Harry himself. A limp hand poked him in the hip and Harry tiredly brushed it away from himself. The cat took that as an invitation to use it as a chew toy. Bone popped thick and wet as the thing bit down, a satisfied purr buzzing away in its throat. Harry reached out and scratched the side of its jaw; the happy whirr intensifying as the cat butted its head against his hand in search of more attention. It nipped gently at Harry's skin and curled up at his side as friendly as a housecat, its meal abandoned. Cunning green eyes dipped closed with contentment, its grey and black striped tail flicking from side to side. "Hey there puss-puss," Harry mumbled to the animal as he rubbed behind its ears. "Not going to let me go alone, are you?" There was a piece of rebar lodged in Harry's gut, neatly shish-kabobing him through the abdomen, the corrosive fluids of his internal organs seeping into his belly. Each breath he drew felt like fire. Fever was setting in fast and shock wasn't far behind it. Harry didn't think his chances for survival were high. Meltwater soaked his clothes and his skin and Harry wondered if his body had forgotten how to shiver. God, he was so fucking tired . His eyelids were as heavy as lead and Harry abruptly dug the fingers of his left hand into an ugly gash on his thigh. Pain and consciousness shook him awake with the force of a hammerblow and Harry clenched his teeth against the scream rising from his throat. A rattling click, click, click of steel joints came stalking across the snow; Harry's view of the steel and glass animation pared down to a hulking, chrome-edged menace slinking through the shadows, violet eyes glowing eerie and bright in the evening gloom. The cat's hackles went up and it hissed at Harry's monstrous animation, soft fur sticking up in a ruff along its spine like a Mohawk. Copper burbled in his throat and Harry gasped for air. Jan 9, 2008 T: Unknown The next time Harry awoke, it was to the feeling of movement, knobbly shards of glass and ragged steel ends jabbing at his skin. Metal gleamed above him and Harry gradually recognized the underside of his animation's long muzzle. The monster held him curled close, feet dangling over one limb, his head resting on the shoulder of the other as it bounded across the snow in an easy lope. The slight bobbing of his body in the creature's hold aggravated the hole in his gut, a dull acidic burn working its way through him. Shouting ricocheted inside his skull and Harry closed his eyes against dizzy swirl of the world around him. 'Fuck.' "Down," he said, thumping his animation on the shoulder. The Death Eater reinforcements weren't far behind and the buildings around him were far too familiar for comfort. Maybe four hundred meters ahead lay one of the bunker's hidden entrances. His animation gently set him down in the snow, steel and glass parts clicking and chirping worriedly. He fought to stay sitting up for a moment, feet gone curiously numb, arms beginning to shake with strain. Harry's shaking hands loosened the laces of a leather pouch tied to his belt. Large silver marbles spilt across the snow; the meticulously etched runes on the surface of the spheres frosting up immediately in the cold. Multiple pops of Apparation echoed in every direction. Blood crept up the back of his throat again and Harry spat it out, a streak of runny red spattered on the muddy slush on the streets. "Go," he said nudging the violet-eyed animation. "Buy me some time." Muddled words bubbled in his mind. Harry struggled to remember the correct sequence of incantations. His tongue felt too large in his mouth and awkwardly tried to wrap around the foreign syllables. Pointing his wand at the pile of sliver spheres, he flicked his wrist in a figure eight pattern and willed the damn things to come to life as he ignored the furious shouting from the pack of Death Eaters, the thunderclap of spells bouncing off the ruins around him. The silver marbles bounced on the snow and rolled into a line like small soldiers standing at attention. The runes glittered with rainbow-hued light, frost melting from them as they began to heat. A shrill cry of pain echoed in the background and faded into a gurgle, Harry's steel and glass animation screaming with rage. The snow beneath the spheres turned to water as they spun in place, a high-pitched whine beginning to emanate from their whirling forms. There was the sound of ruptured metal. And then nothing. Harry looked up, high whine of the spheres pulsing in his ears. Scrap metal lay strewn across the snow, the violet glow gone from his animation's eyes. The Death Eaters had taken notice of him now; wands pointed at Harry who was still sprawled in the snow. They crowded closer, almost panting with barely restrained fury. Harry started to laugh, blood dripping from his mouth and smearing over his throat and chin. "Die," he said, dark water gurgling in his ears. "Die screaming." Red-orange streaks of light left spots in his vision as the spheres shot off in different directions. A murmur of unrest rippled through those left of the Death Eaters. One bright soul hastily conjured a shield, white mask hanging loose around his neck, dark eyes fixed warily upon Harry. It didn't fucking matter. The world exploded in light.