the small of Draco's back. The action felt oddly calming. "Wow," said Harry. Draco chuckled. "Yeah," he murmured. Harry had almost dozed off when Draco sat up. Harry peered at him with one eye, not entirely happy he'd lost his warm blanket, heavy as it might be. He continued to take a long, sweeping look over Draco's torso. He then turned to look at the clock. It was almost past half six. He could hardly believe they'd been at it for that long, but then, they had had quite a few lengthy arguments. "Come," said Draco. "Let's at least drag ourselves to a bed." Harry grunted, swinging an arm over his eyes to block the light out. He'd be perfectly content to sleep right here. "…you don't want my mother to find us like this, do you?" Harry sat up in a jerk, and Draco laughed before he used a cleaning charm on both themselves and his expensive mat. "Don't worry," said Draco as he pulled a naked Harry through the door. "My mother is not home yet." Harry was very hesitant to go out, but as it was Draco that had Vanished his clothes he couldn't spell them back. He eventually followed, the promise of a bed calling, feeling very exposed as he walked through Malfoy Manor in literally nothing. He hoped an unlucky House-Elf wouldn't run into them. Evil as it might sound, he felt quite relieved Draco's father was still locked in Azkaban. A little later he fell into a bed that was both bigger and fluffier than any other bed he'd been in. He seemed to sink inches into the feathery material. Draco dropped down next to him. If Harry had started to wonder if he might just have made the biggest mistake of his life by sleeping with Draco Malfoy, the admiring glaze Draco gave him and the tiny smile playing in the corners of his lips reassured him. Then he turned serious. "Do you regret this?" Draco asked. Harry stoked a stand of soft, blond hair from his face. "No," he said. And feeling the need to explain himself further, he continued. "I honestly was worried of how others would see this. But I guess we can keep this a secret…" Draco's look turned carefully blank, but thankfully didn't close off. "Yeah, right. Secret. Of course." Harry sighed. "Or not," he said. "Listen, you're the one who's going to be given shit about this from the press and your family. It was you I was worried about." "I don't care about that," said Draco. "But if you want to keep me a secret, that's fine." His voice said anything but, though. Harry shook his head. "I'm quite used to the press now. But this is all so new. Let's see how it works first. If we last more than a few weeks, I say we should tell our friends." Draco nodded, the guarded look melting of his face. "I agree with that." Harry nudged him. "For all we know, you might have changed your mind by morning." Draco snorted. "You shouldn't count yourself that lucky." Harry reached for his hand, thumb drawing lazy circles on it. "Nah," he said. "I've always had a thing for luck." Their eyes met. "Knowing my history with it, you'll be stuck with me for life." Draco just looked at him, something warm, but unreadable, in his eyes. "You know," he said after a minute. "I always though you hated me." He still appeared confused and amazed that it wasn't the case. "I do hate you," Harry grumbled. "My legs feel like gillyweed," he continued, pulling a small smile from Draco's lips. "No, I mean, really hated me. As in you couldn't wait to graduate from Hogwarts to escape my presence. As in you probably threw a party for not having to see me around anymore." He shook his head. "I was serious about what I said earlier. At least that part." "Then why would I save you in the first place, you stupid git?" Draco blinked. "Actually, I did believe that part about it being a matter of Gryffindor honor." Harry groaned. Out of everything, that was apparently the only thing he'd believed. Draco cleared his throat. "So that means… you're okay with this?" "No," said Harry. "You're too far away. Come 'ere." Then Draco smiled, really smiled, and Harry thought he'd be blinded. It was a sincere, honest smile, genuinely happy and not smug, and it was the most beautiful things he'd seen. If Malfoy was handsome when he brooded, sexy when he smirked and hot when he glared, then he was absolutely drop-dead gorgeous when he smiled. Harry all but swooned. "Likewise," said the unearthly creature in front of him, leaning closer. "Let's fix that?" "You know," Harry said, overall appearing to be in some sort of trance. He let out a deeply besotted sigh as he met Draco's lips for a chase kiss. "Whatever I did to make you smile… it was worth it." Draco shook his head ruefully. "This is why Malfoys should never, ever smile." A/N - Finally finished my first Draco x Harry fic. Though I've written several before, this is the first I've actually completed. I belive I'm quite happy with how it turned out. :) Drarry is easily my favorite pairing in the Harry Potter verse. Finally, for anyone as obsessed with the pairing as I am, I'd recommend to read 'Eclipse' by Mijan. Every Draco and Harry shipper should read Eclipse. But, please tell me – what do you think of 'Veritaserum'? I'd love to hear you thoughts on this story. Reviews makes me a very, very happy author. They also tend to inspire new stories or encourage me to finish something I've written. :) And if you've gotten any must-read Drarry fic, please do share it with me! (English is not my native language. If you notice any mistakes I'd be very glad if you pointed them out!)