all!" Sirius says. James sighs and takes a cigarette from Remus. They all stand out there smoking awhile. Remus looks up at the sky, looking concerned. "It's full moon in four days…" he says. "Yeah. We'll be with you, Moony." Sirius says and places an arm around his taller friend. "I promise everything will be okay." They come back to the common room, take a few drinks, and silence the crowd. "It's time for truth or dare!" Sirius yells to everyones' cheers. They sit down on the floor in a big circle, so that everyone can see each other. Everyone except James is a little drunk. "Maybe you shouldn't drink and smoke that much, Remmie. You're a prefect after all…" Sirius whispers in Remus ear, he flushes. Sirius starts everything up. "Evans, truth or dare?" "Truth." she says, slightly nervous. "Okay… How many people have you kissed?" he asks. "Eh…" Evans flushes a deep red. "No one…" Sirius raises his eyebrow, but keeps quiet. Evans asks her friend Marlene, who asks Sirius, "How many times have you slept with anyone?" He smiles charmingly at her, an angry feeling growing in Remus stomach when he sees that smile. "Five people, more than five times a total." Sirius answers, still smiling that charming smile that makes Remus legs go numb. Sirius looks everyone in the eye, before turning to James. "Jamesie… Truth or dare?" "Dare." he says, bored. "Alright then. Kiss Evans." Sirius says, grinning. It was no secret that James was crushing on Lily. James' eyes goes wide. He stares at Sirius and his smug grin, then at Evans who looks terrified. James takes a deep breath and goes up to Lily, looking unsure. Then he lean in and kiss her. He ends the kiss quickly and walks back to Sirius wrestling him down, while shouting. "YOU IDIOT, MORON! YOU WILL GET FOR THIS!" Then he sits up with an evil face. "Sirius, truth or dare?" Sirius is truly scared now. He knows James, he knows that he can come up with anything. He takes a drink from a firewhiskey bottle and turns to James, looking him in the eye. "Dare", he says. James's grin broaden and he looks even more evil. Sirius drinks up the whole bottle, feeling the burning sensation in his throat, while waiting for James's decision. "Alright, alright, Pads." he says. "Whenever you want, this evening, you should kiss your crush in front of everyone." Sirius just stares, he is drunk, but he can still see what's coming from this. He mutters to himself, "Maybe you should have killed him last week, Moony…" But he plays cool and answers that 'of course he should do that'. Then he passes on and soon everyone has gotten a question. Everyone except Peter and Remus. "Remus", some girl in year 7 says. "Truth or dare?" Remus inhales slowly, and stares at her. Did she really ask him ? he thinks to himself. "Er… Truth." he says. She smiles, confessing that this was what she wanted him to answer. "Are you gay?" He flushes a deep red. He has only told his fellow Marauders and Lily about this. Lily and Remus are rather good friends. But he has to answer, and so he does. "Yes." Everyone cheers and applaud at him, which only makes him even more embarrassed. Both Lily and Sirius hug him tightly. Remus asks Peter if he was in love with that Hufflepuff, he was, and Peter asked some other girl about her virginity. She wasn't a virgin. The game goes on, but soon the Marauders realise they need a pause, it's 2 in the morning, so they turns on some muggle music and everyone starts to drink and party again. Remus closes in on the drunk Sirius on the couch. Remus has been drinking a lot, but since he is a werewolf he doesn't get drunk as easily as others. So he's kind of sober still. Sirius, by the way, is not sober. He's drinking and smoking a lot and can barely stand. To not show that, he sits in his couch. He's a smart guy. "Hey, Pads." Remus says and sits down beside his mate. "You haven't kissed your crush yet." Remus feels a bitter taste in his mouth while thinking about it. "Huh?" Sirius says. "Yeah, right… Kissing…" He doesn't feel too good about it. "Who is it, Sirius?" Remus asks. "Can't tell you." "Of course you can! If you tell me about yours, I tell you about mine." That wasn't really true, he didn't want to say it out loud even to himself. "Alright, then, Remmie. He's got…amber eyes…brown hair…he's…cute and…really sexy…and tall." Sirius mumbles. "He's…awesome. And he is the love of my life." Remus smiles at the description, he so wants Sirius to talk about him like that. So softly, as if he can break if he speaks to harshly. "I guess it's my turn then… He's shorter than me. He's got black long hair, and is pretty fit. He likes drinking and being with his friends. He loves his friends more than anything else." Remus says. "Sounds like you know him pretty well, Moony." Sirius says, he has come very close to Remus those past minutes without Remus realising it. He doesn't back away, instead he leans forward and kiss Sirius on the mouth. At first Sirius tenses, but then he deepens the kiss, and tug at Remus's bottom lip. He licks Remus' lips and his hands wanders over Remus's body. Remus right hand is in Sirius hair, the other under his shirt. Sirius moans. Remus takes Sirius' legs around his body so that he sits in Remus's lap. Then he touches Sirius everywhere he can reach. They don't realise that the party stopped to look at them. The kiss gets more and more intense and fierce and James puts his invisibility cloak over them, and quietly whispers 'Muffliato' so the others can't hear them. James hugs Peter out of joy. "Finally!"