pulled out the strange looking tool with a metal head and two round wheels. "It's a can opener." She did take the can then and easily put the wheels on the can and turned a handle on the back, spinning the can around. She set it down and pulled the top off, setting it down on the counter. Draco leered, "Any other helpful tools you want to share?" "Why are you doing this?" she asked instead. Draco paused, "What?" "Feeding me. Keeping me alive. Why are you doing this?" she asked again. "I don't know," he answered honestly. Because he didn't. Not really. His mother was probably dead by now, having betrayed the Dark Lord. His father was in far too deep and his aunt, well there was no hope for that witch. He should have been running. Instead he was feeding the best friend of his sworn enemy and making sure she drank enough. He repeated as he turned to look at her, "I don't know." She eyed him for a moment before she nodded, "I'll leave as soon as I'm well enough." Before he could answer she had left. He knew she wasn't well. He'd known it for a while. Her hands still shook as she ate or drank and she moved too slowly as though she was walking through mud. Sometimes he walked into a room to find her gripping her head tightly as though wracked by some invisible force. He didn't know how long it would take her to heal but he knew it wouldn't be soon enough. The less time he spent with Hermione Granger, he decided, the better. Her head ached. Her hands shook. Her knees quaked. And sometimes, when all was quiet it was as though Bellatrix was still there, towering over her as she writhed in pain and pissed herself. Oddly enough, it wasn't Bellatrix that she dreamt of. In her dreams it was of hands that squeezed and choked and fingers in places they shouldn't have been. Of pain between her legs and a sneer looming above her. She always woke then, out of breath with a scream stuck in her throat. At first it was hard, separating the man in her nightmares from his son in the cabin. They moved the same, spoke with the same haughty tone, but he was different too. She saw it when he spoke of his mother, or when he thought she wasn't watching. When the facade falls away and he relaxed she knew that they were not the same person. Not even close. She still wouldn't let him close to her. She knew they weren't the same but the idea of him touching her;Of anyone touching her- sends a panic through her that causes her chest to tighten uncomfortably. And sometimes when she woke from a nightmare, he was there. His voice soft and quiet and she pretended to sleep on; she listened to his voice. It's those nights she slept the best. They'd been together for three weeks when she came into the living room and sat down opposite him. He looked up from his book to see her staring at him. "What?" he asked. "Let's play-" she said and it was then he realized she was holding a box. He studied her for a moment before he shook his head, "I don't know how-" "Well, I'll teach you." Part of him wanted to tell her to go away. The other part reached over to clear the small table in front of him and watched as she set up the board. It was the most she'd spoken to him since they arrived. He picked up the game fast, it was just like wizard's chess after all, but he kept his lips closed as she continued to explain. He wasn't sure why. They kept track of their wins on a spare bit of parchment that she found in a drawer with something she assured him was just like a self-inking quill. He'd won twice as many games as she had when she brought out another game and explained it to him. It was not at all like wizard's chess and though she bested him nearly every time, taking his little round pieces, he didn't ask to stop playing. He still wasn't sure why. She still wasn't comfortable with him. He saw it when she stiffened as he walked into a room and then slowly moved away. As though she was scared that one small move may set him off. She didn't touch him, nor did he try to touch her, and in the quiet of the house when he spoke she startled as though she had forgotten he was ever there. They found an old piano in the living room, it was badly in need of a tune and the sheet that covered it was stacked in books that were covered in a thick layer of dust. It was here that he found her one morning, her fingers plucking at the keys gently and listening to the sounds that escaped as they did. He watched her for a moment, her eyes closed tightly as she strained to listen, before he spoke. "Do you play?" She jumped, startled and he expected her to run as she did so often. He waited, counting the seconds, before she finally relaxed slightly, her head nodding. "I did." He watched her for a few minutes longer before he moved, slowly, to the other side of the bench, sitting down beside her as his own fingers reached out to pluck at the keys. Slowly they played together, the sound horribly off key and grinding on their ears, but they played. "My mother made me learn," she finally admitted after they had finished a terrible rendition of a Chopin duet. Draco laughed, "Maybe we aren't so different then after all." A/N: I'm looking at maybe only 4 chapters. I have been so, so hesitant to post this so please be kind.