me. "You sure?" he asked breathlessly. "Absolutely." "But what if I…" "You won't. It can only be spread through a bite at the full moon. It's a waning gibbous tonight, and last I checked…your pecker doesn't have teeth. Look," I took his hand, the same hand I'd been sucking on, and threaded his fingers back in my hair. "If it helps, you can stop me anytime you wish." I locked my eyes with his and waited. I was intent on letting him choose. He gave the slightest pull downward on my hair and his head dropped back to the cushion. I smiled as I lowered myself to him. A heat flared up in my stomach. This was going to be something new for us both and I was excited. I knew how good it felt when he went down on me, and I wanted him to feel that same ecstasy. I never expected that I would find it as arousing and enjoyable as I did. I sucked in a deep breath as I neared him. I could smell myself on him and it delighted me. I let out a slow stream of air over his member, from the base of the shaft to the tip of the head, and it jumped up to meet me, brushing gently across my lips. I paused and waited for Remus, but he didn't pull me back. My tongue came out to wet my lips and it brushed lightly across his head. He gave a gentle moan, so I let my tongue out again. This time I swirled it around the whole head before retracting it. Again I paused and waited for Remus, but he only squirmed beneath me. I moved down again. I parted my lips and took him in. He grunted and his fingers tightened in my hair, but he was careful not to pull. I let my tongue run along the underside of him before moving back. I didn't pause this time but immediately moved down again, taking more of him in. On the way back up my tongue slide over him, twirled around his head, and flicked the very tip of him (much like he had done to me). I moved downward once more, relaxing my throat and taking in even more of him. By the third time he began to thrust up to meet me. My hand came to join the fray by cupping his sack and squeezing at the base of his shaft. He grunted and his body tensed beneath me. But still he did not pull me back. If anything, he pushed me down once again. We began to fall into rhythm together. He would thrust into my mouth while I bobbed, my tongue sliding, swirling, and flicking. Heat began to pool in the pit of my stomach. He felt so good thrusting in my mouth and I wanted to bring him to the very edge of the ultimate bliss and push him over. Our joined movements became more frantic. His breathing became ragged. His muscles tensed. And his grip on my hair became almost unbearably tight. Suddenly with a great tug he yanked me off of him. His cock left my mouth with a loud squelching sound and my head throbbed. Before I could say anything or ask why, he erupted, spilling his creamy white fluid all over his leg. I looked up to his face and saw the most beautiful look of pleasure I had ever seen on him. His eyes were squeezed shut and his lips were parted in a cry of ecstasy. I watched as his body convulsed before me and I took pride in knowing that I was the one to do that to him. No one else but me. I licked my raw lips and moaned. I could still taste him. I wanted to taste him more, but I didn't want to push my limit and upset him. So I reached for his discarded wand and cleaned him a bit. Then I lay down beside him and curled into him. His eyes remained closed, but his arms wrapped about me and pulled me closer. With my hand on his bare chest I could feel his heart beating rapidly and it pleased me. XXX We lay there for a moment, wrapped in each other as our bodies recuperated. When at last he opened his eyes to look at me, I smiled and kissed his lips lightly. He smiled back and I snuggled into him a little more. Sometimes this part of sex, the recuperation period, was just as nice as the climax. His callused hands trailed lightly down my spine. "You know," I began. "Maybe this isn't the right place for us." His brow raised. "Come again?" "Oh! I hope to, but I'll give you a little more time to recoup." I smiled and he huffed a laugh. "I mean, it's a little big isn't it? This place not…well, you are too, but I meant the house. We don't really need two floors and three bedrooms. The forest behind us is a nice draw, but it's still a little too close to people, and possibly frequently visited by Muggles." "So…do you not want to…?" "Oh I still want to get a house with you," I clarified quickly. "I'm simply saying that perhaps we keep looking for now. There's another place I had I mind too. And just imagine all the fun we could have house hunting." "Mmm…" His hand roamed over my bum and he pulled my thigh up over his leg. "I have quite the vivid imagination now." His voice had become low and husky again. I knew he was preparing for more, and the thought excited me. "But maybe we should consider this one a bit more. How long did you say you have the key for again?" I smiled and purred, "Hourrrs." "Perfect." XXX With a low growl, he flipped me onto my back and attached his lips to mine.