the last moment." "And in those last moments, when you told Tom it wasn't too late, when you told him to try for some remorse, were you being sincere? Did you honestly believe that a man like that, a man who had committed unspeakable evils beyond count, could find genuine remorse for what he had done?" Complete understanding washed over Hermione's face as Ron and Harry continued to look like they had been hit with a stunner. "I suppose I hoped he could. I wanted to believe he could." "Mr. Potter. You found it within yourself to hold out hope for the redemption of one of the most terrible people to ever walk the face of the Earth, to extend mercy to the man who killed your family and friends, yet affording your cousin the same is completely beyond your capabilities?" Harry was silent as he clenched and unclenched his fists. She was right of course. What Dudley had done to him, while horrible, could never compare to the truly sociopathic deeds of Tom Riddle…whom he had still hoped to save. Hermione simply couldn't hold her curiosity in any longer. "But why did he come? Why leave his pampered life and come to work as a groundskeeper? I'm sorry Professor but doesn't that seem a bit off to you?" Professor McGonagall sat up even straighter, if that was at all possible, and spoke to a portrait behind them. "Would you tell him to please come in now?" A moment later Derrick walked into the room, some dirt still smeared across his brow, and stood behind the large desk. "They'd like to know why you're here. I thought I would give you the chance to tell it yourself but if you're not comfortable.." "No Headmistress, it's fine." Derrick told them the whole thing; from his first tries at writing to Harry (this earned him some chuckles from Hermione and Ron) to being found by his cousin that very day. "So I guess the point is I just really wanted to tell you I was sorry. And I thought that if, maybe, I don't know, years from now you accept it things would be easier if I was already here... in your world. I thought that maybe…maybe by cutting off the Dursleys it would be easier to be family…someday." Harry guffawed reflexively. "You can stay here, and you can call yourself Derrick and you can sweat your Muggle arse off (Mr. Potter!) out there with Hagrid but you will NEVER be my family. Not today, not tomorrow, not a hundred years from now!" Harry stood "Excuse me Professor," and he walked out the door leaving a room full of very uncomfortable silence in his wake. The Gryffindor common room was fairly lively that evening. Games of Exploding Snap and Wizard Chess littered every available inch of carpet as the tables had been courteously given up to anyone actually trying to work. Harry, Ron and Neville sat on a deep windowsill watching Derrick's hut intently, oblivious to the din. Hermione had positioned her and Ginny's table directly beneath them, her back pressed firmly against the smooth stones which stayed wonderfully cool despite the roaring magical fire. She always sat this way now. No one was going to sneak up on her through solid stone. "So what do you think the smarmy git is doing in there," asked Ron as his nose fogged up the window. "Probably realizing that whatever insane plan he and the Dursley's cooked up to get at me wasn't worth missing his first year of University." Hermione's only response was the scratching of her quill. She had already made it quite plain that she agreed with the Headmistress' logical reasoning. The boy deserved a chance to make things right. Even if he was being duplicitous, what could a young muggle do surrounded by an entire school of Witches and Wizards? Derrick Evans was presently collapsed in a heap on his mattress, staring up through one of the skylights in his lofted sleeping area. His entire body ached. And he had never felt so good in all his life. Boxing had never worn him out like this and all he'd ever had to show for his work in the ring was a bloody opponent. Today he had scraped the courtyard walls clean of moss and learned from Hagrid how to transplant the fuzzy little lichen to the large boulders which now surrounded his house. When the jolly half giant complemented him on a job well done Derrick swelled with pride. After that he mucked out the Hyppogryph paddock, which was a bit tougher than it might have been since he had to continuously keep his head down and avoid eye contact with the proud animals. Next was the cleaning out and scrubbing down of the school carriages and the rowing of all the boats back across the Black Lake. Towards the end of that particularly grueling chore even the giant squid, who he at first thought was going to eat him, started helping him along by giving the little boats a pull with its tentacles. The last thing he had on his list was to fill in the potholes and wheel ruts in the road which lead from the station to the castle. The thought of the castle pulled a smile onto his face. Growing up in the U.K. Derrick had seen his fair share of castles and manor homes but nothing compared to this. It wasn't just the shear height of its spiraling towers or its vast imprint across the landscape. No this place had a presence, an energy. And whenever Derrick began to flag in his very physically demanding work he would look up at Hogwarts Castle and feel renewed. In the days that followed he even began to feel as though the ancient edifice was watching over him. Kind of like a big brother; protective, wise yet still mischievous and full of wonderfully bad ideas. To be continued…