just need to do it again!" The woman laughed in understanding, "Of course! Come on, let's get you set up. Do you have a pair already or do you need to choose one?" Rose smiled shyly, "I have a pair already." The woman held her hand out for the pair, and Rose shyly handed them over. Sirius had taken the twins shopping for a pair of earrings for her, and they settled on a pair of small rose quartz studs. "They're very pretty," the woman acknowledged as she pulled Rose into the back room to get her set up. "Thank you! They're a gift from my dad and boyfriend." The woman hummed in agreement, before she inspected Rose's other earrings, "I'll need you to take those off. They're rather enchanting , though, don't you think?" Rose paused as she started taking her earrings off, "Really? I thought they were rather muggle." The woman laughed, "Thought so. So how long ago did you really get those done?" "Maybe five minutes." "That's the way to do it." They were silent until Rose's ears were pierced for the second time and Rose put in her old pair of earrings, "How much do I owe you?" The woman shook her head, "I know who you are, you don't owe me a thing?" "If you don't let me pay I'll mysteriously leave five-hundred pounds here." The woman sighed, "Fine. Six pounds." Rose happily paid and told the woman to have a good day before skipping over to Remus and Faith, "Well, I'm ready when you are!" Rose woke with a yelp. She lay flat on her back, breathing hard as though she had been running. She had awoken from a vivid dream with her hands pressed against her face. The old scar on her forehead, which was shaped like a bolt of lightning, was burning beneath her fingers as though someone has just pressed a white-hot wire on her skin. She sat up, one hand still on her scar, the other searching for the two-way mirror Fred and George had given her the summer before. She paused as she looked at the mirror, and then set it down again. Rose ran her fingers over the scar again. It was still painful. She turned on the lamp beside her, scrambled out of bed, crossed the room, opened her wardrobe, and peered into the mirror on the inside of the door. A short girl of fourteen looked back at her, her hazel eyes puzzled under her red hair. She examined the lightning-bolt scar of his reflection more closely. It looked normal, but it was still stinging. Rose tried to recall what she had been dreaming about before she had awoken. It had seemed so real…. There had been one person she knew and one she didn't…. She concentrated hard, frowning, trying to remember…. The dim picture of a darkened room came to her…. There had been a snake on a hearth rug…a cold, high voice… the voice of Lord Voldemort. Rose felt as though an ice cube had just slipped down into her stomach at the very thought…. She closed her eyes tightly and tried to remember what Voldemort had looked like, but it was impossible…. All Rose knew was that at the moment when Voldemort's chair had swung around, and she, Rose, had seen what was sitting in it, she had felt a spasm of horror, which had awoken her… or had that been the pain in her scar? And who had the old man been? For there had definitely been an old man; Rose had watched him fall to the ground. It was all becoming confused. Rose put her face into her hands, locking out her bedroom, trying to hold on to the picture of that dimly lit room, but it was like trying to keep water in her cupped hands; the details were now trickling away as fast as she tried to hold on to them…. Voldemort and someone else had been talking about someone they had killed, though Rose could not remember the name…. And they had been plotting to kill someone else… Harry! Rose took her face out of her hands and immediately walked into her twin brother's room, not bothering to ask for entrance or to even knock. She found her brother staring at her from his wardrobe, where is mirror was in plain sight. "Bad dream?" she whispered as she slipped the door shut. "You could say that," Harry muttered as he walked over to his bed. "You?" "You could say I had a bad dream too." Harry sighed, and they both went restlessly to his bed and sat down on it, running their fingers over each others scars. They both knew that it wasn't the pain that bothered them, but the reason behind the pain. The last time their scars had hurt it had been because Voldemort had been close by…. But Voldemort couldn't be here, now…. The idea of Voldemort lurking in Cokeworth was absurd, impossible…. They curled up on the bed with each other, taking comfort in the other one's presence. "Have you told the twins yet?" Harry asked. "No. Have you told Sirius yet?" "No." "What would they say if we told them our scars were hurting?" Rose and Harry knew exactly what they would say. Fred would make a joke, George would get instantly worried. Sirius would go to Dumbledore, and Remus would try to puzzle it out. "Perhaps we should write a letter to Dumbledore?" Harry asked nervously. "And say what? Dear Professor Dumbledore, Sorry to bother you, but our scars hurt this morning. Yours sincerely, Harry and Rose Potter." Once voiced the idea sounded extremely stupid. They were quiet again, and Rose was on the cusp of falling asleep when Harry spoke, "I'll tell Sirius in the morning. He can figure out what to do." Rose groaned in order to agree and curled closer to her twin, both of them swiftly falling asleep.