steadily more open to the flow, ready, begging to take it, to be filled. It simply needed practicing by someone in the Family, or it grew restless and wild and if it was together with some other holder of the same Family Magic, it became tangibly potent, having magnetic pull and addicting pleasure. Small Harry was an only child and with both Black and Potter Families Magics in his core, he was the only one and so much more theirs to use and completely right for both of the Family magics to bind them together tight in a circle of magical flow. They could undress him, spell his arsehole slippery and push right into the tight entrance, slide inside impale his growing magical core and fuck him thoughtfully and spill all over his insides, fill his magical core with hot mixture of Potter and Black seeds anytime and as often as they liked. The best place for the child was in-between his Father and Daddy, as his body held both Families blood so it responded to both men in the ever so satisfactorily way, reaching out, caressing both men, pulling them closer, with sweet neediness sucking in their Family Magics into the body of its young owner, filling his core and that way keeping both of the Family magics in flow. And it's not like Harry was going to break under their outslaught. They were feeding him for Mordred's sake! The vibrations from Harry's laugh made Sirius moan and have to resist bucking more roughly into his young Cousin's very sweet mouth that still had trouble to open as wide as the young child's more trained arse to let a meaty erection slide through so he bucked his hips only gently not to tear the boy's lips. Knowing exactly what it was doing to his lovely godFather, Harry bobbed his head and stroked what he purposefully let out of his mouth at the moment, eliciting more moans and Sirius thrashing his head from side to side. His Father looked beautiful in the throes of passion. Harry watched with hungry eyes as Sirius half-bucked and shifted in response to Harry's actions just as Daddy nailed Harry's sweet spot expertly from behind. Wanting to try on Sirius something a little naughtier as Daddy made him ache wonderfully, Harry swallowed around Father's cock, not an easy feast, mind you, wrenching another groan from his shuddering in lust lost Father. He smiled around the flesh in his mouth before bobbing his head and swallowing, earning a choked cry. It was wonderful. Dad's hard thrusts inside were pushing him back and forth on Father's hard cock in his mouth. All Harry did was let them use him to their cocks' contend. Soaking up the sight, Harry swallowed a bit more of the cock in his mouth, sliding his hand down to palm the dangling globes that held Father's seed that he desired and that he was still being denied, feeling his Dad's slapping his arse, full, so deliciously full with Dad's lively sperm, tight and ready to gush the seeds inside Little Harry. Sirius felt the muscles in his lower abdomen clench, his balls tighten in his son's gentle playful fingers and his climax down his son's throat soon approaching. He held it off, wanting to enjoy Harry's ministrations as long as he could, but knowing he was not going to last. "Suck, baby, suck!" Groaned Sirius and finally gripping Harry's hair to hold the child's face in place he bucked and pushed his cock deeper in Harry's throat and started fucking it, glancing up at James, softly moaning James' and Harry's names. When his awesome little Cousin stuck out his tongue, letting the hard meaty dick slide more easily deeper in his open throat and licked at the vein at the underside of his cock, Sirius threw his head back and gasped as he felt the last of his control slipping. Unable to stave off the inevitable any longer, Sirius came in long thick ropes right down his small son's throat and sliding down easily as the little child swallowed around the Cumming length of Father's. Expecting it, Harry pushed forward slightly as Sirius pushed his pulsing cock whole in and Harry swallowed eagerly, only feeling cum sprouting and thick liquid flow down his gullet Harry was gulping eagerly to prolong Father's orgasm feeling Sirius' much needed seed, feeling it slide down and pool into his stomach, the Family Magic of the Blacks just like his grandmother had been was welcomed into his system and mingling with his own immediately. As his Mother had been new blood she didn't carry any Family Magic and so Harry got only that of his Dad and Dad's parents, so Black Magics were just as close related to him as Potter. Humming happily at the taste of his godFather coating his tongue, he licked every last drop from Sirius's softening shaft before licking his lips. he rested his cheek contentedly on his Father's thigh. Father was gazing down at his child with loving eyes that Harry wanted to return but couldn't as Daddy continued plundering his backside harshly. James had very much trouble coping with the new situation. He had had no sex in ages and seeing his son satisfy his Cousin so thoughtfully and making it look like it was just the one thing they both needed was just too much. James took hold of his little son's erection and pumped a few times until his son became incredibly tight around his flesh. Harry felt his Daddy warming his bowels with hot spunk and could hold back his own release no longer. He groaned shot his seed into Dad's hand. Judging by the way his Dad had been groping him, Harry was sure to find himself with a child the moment he became able. However right now he sighed, full, sated with the hot sperm of his two Fathers just as Daddy licked seed from his hand.