we're GOOD together, we really work. Your hair is really cute by the way. But nowhere near as cute as your butt. I miss you. Ring me? Her inner, sober voice was screaming at her not to press send, but she did anyway. What harm could it do? Mere seconds after she pressed send, the music quietened, and the lights brightened; both of these actions turned the crowd almost silent in expectation. Rose frowned. This definitely wasn't part of the plan – she had itemised the schedule on a minute by minute basis, and the lights were meant to stay down low for at least another ninety minutes. Nothing made sense until a certain blond-haired boy walked out onto the stage and, suddenly, Rose understood everything. Wearing the smartest tuxedo Rose had ever seen, Scorpius swaggered his way into the centre of the stage, picking up the floating microphone upon his arrival. Behind him stood the missing Weasley-Potter cousins – whilst it didn't make any sense, at least it explained where they had disappeared to. "Forgive the interruption, ladies and gentlemen, and apologies to Mr Teddy Lupin for gatecrashing his birthday party, but I just had something I needed to get off my chest in front of a very large audience," Scorpius began, his voice as clipped and formal as it had ever been. "First and foremost, can we please find a Miss Rose Weasley? Yes, that's Rose Weasley, she's probably sitting down or something." Within seconds, a spotlight had been directed at Rose, with the crowd around her melting away: she was alone, and the focal point of almost all of the attention. "Ladies and gentlemen, I am upon this very high stage this evening to make an announcement. Many months ago, I met a girl with brilliant red hair and an uncanny ability to come up with a retort to absolutely anything for the first time since we left Hogwarts. And, almost immediately, I fell for her." As he spoke, Scorpius's eyes met Rose's, and it was if they were alone, as if he was speaking to her and her alone. "She agreed to go on a date with me, and then another, and then another…and so the pattern continued. However, with this being a story of star-crossed lovers – or just a story involving a Malfoy and a Weasley, whichever phrase you feel is more appropriate – it's unsurprising that this isn't the end." Scorpius paused for effect, and also to allow the room a smattering of intended laughter. As soon as the room fell silent again, Scorpius continued, his eyes still firmly on Rose. "And so we were a secret. Nobody knew – though Lily tells me that she definitely suspected and she definitely suspected me, so I'm surprised I'm still alive to this day, to be honest – and whilst that was great at first, it gradually became a burden. I didn't know how to announce to the world that I'm in love with Rose Weasley, so I kept it a secret. But now I know how…" For the first time in over a minute, Scorpius broke eye contact with Rose, and instead turned to look briefly at Lily. With a short, sharp nod, Lily in turn looked at the other cousins, who each raised their wand to the ceiling. Over the course of about ten seconds, a series of candles appeared, gradually coalescing to form two people kissing, as well as the words "SCORPIUS LOVES ROSE". "So, ladies and gentlemen, feel free to share the message you have learned here tonight: that I love Rose Weasley and, if she's still not too mad at me, that we're in a relationship. So sorry to all you young ladies, but I'm off the market." .-. Somehow, after a couple of minutes without any dramatic speeches, the crowd stopped paying attention to Rose and Scorpius, and instead began to gossip about what they had seen. A fair few cameras recorded evidence of Scorpius's aerial revelation, and Rose was pretty confident that something would appear in the Daily Prophet and Witch Weekly the next day. But she didn't care. "That was pretty dramatic," Rose commented as she came face to face with Scorpius since the day in his flat. "I'm almost impressed at how organised you were…but how did you get Lily and co on board?" Scorpius grinned, putting his arm around Rose's shoulders. "It's all because of my alluring personality -hey, there's no need to hit me! Just kidding, I went to her office, took some Veritaserum, and survived her extremely brutal questioning. If the Auror office are ever looking for interrogators, I think she'd fit in perfectly." For the first time in her life, Rose was speechless. "You took Veritaserum? For me?" This was something she had never expected. Scorpius had refused to take Veritaserum during the periods of unrest between their families – particularly after the Albus incident. He had said that he had nothing deep and meaningful to confess, and that nobody should be forced to tell the truth when they had done nothing wrong. So that he had taken it to prove how much he loved her – well, it was something. It was more than something: it was everything. "I love you, Scorpius," Rose whispered. "Sorry for being so stubborn." As Scorpius brushed his lips against hers, he murmured, "well, I absolutely need a girl who thinks that my hair is cute, but appreciates the absolute marvel that is my backside." Rose blushed, but as soon as their lips met, she didn't care anymore. They were officially together, her parents knew (along with half of the wizarding world), and nobody had threatened to lock anyone up with a dragon. "The Event" had turned out pretty damn well. I've forgotten how to end stories, so I apologise for the slightly (very) rubbish ending. Hope you enjoyed! If you have any ideas about stories I could write in the future, please let me know!