in the crook of the mans neck, still crying in silent with hiccups rocking the boy every couple seconds. He breathed in the man's scent. An aroma of lavender, sandalwood, old spices with a hint of something Harry couldn't detect. Severus couldn't help but think that he would push away and sneer at any snot noised kid who would dare to touch him in such an intimate way. However Severus couldn't push the boy away he was becoming rather fond of the boy. He tried to tell himself that it was because he was Lily's son but he knew that there was another part of him that was beginning to love him as his own. After some time and Harry had settled down the two just sat in silence, an occasional deep shivering breath breaking the silence. Finally Severus pulled the boy a little apart padding away the stray tears with his thumbs. "Good Harry?" Severus smiled half heartedly. Harry paused before giving the man a smile through his glassy tear stained eyes "Yes Sevewus." "Good. Now how about you sit here and I will make us both some lunch. No arguments." Severus quickly added when he saw Harry open his mouth to interrupt him. Harry nodded and stayed at the kitchen table watching the man prepare both their lunches. After Severus was done he made his way over with two turkey sandwiches. He placed one plate in front of Harry and the other for himself. He wasn't actually hungry but he would take a couple bits to ensure that Harry would eat the meal. Harry watched the man anxiously biting his lip. Was he supposed to start first? Never had he been the one to start a meal. Realizing that Harry wouldn't start until he did Severus took a bite out of the sandwich and watched with relief as the boy did the same, and then he took another bite. Harry bit back a moan, this was one of the best thing's he had ever had in his short life. Of course he never really did get any substantial meals, mostly toast with the occasional cold four-day leftovers. This was heaven. Severus smirked as he watched Harry devour his sandwich, glad to see the boy finally eating and looking noticeably happy. His heart still clenched though at the thought of something so simple making the boy so joyful. "So Harry how old are you?" Severus asked already knowing the answer, not only was he good friends with his mother but everyone in the Wizarding World knew Harry's age and birthday. "I just turned fwee sir." Harry replied shyly. "And what does a three year old like yourself like to do" Harry bit his lip once again. What did he like to do? Gardening wasn't so bad, but he always got cuts and his skin turned red and hurt to touch. He did like the flowers though, could he say that was something he liked to do? Severus noticed that the boy was deep in thought. Any other brat would have told him anything from a toddler broom, exploding snaps or collecting chocolate frogs. Not Harry, he didn't know such luxuries. "I wike to garden." Harry replied Severus quickly peaked into the boys mind unknowingly and saw that while this wasn't a lie it wasn't something the boy genuinely liked to do. "How about something besides the chores your Aunt and Uncle set aside for you?" "Well then I guess I wike to rwead." Harry replied quietly. "I mean I don't really know how but I've been taking some of Dudley's books and teaching myself. Mostly I like looking at the pictwures and I come up with my own story." Harry's face turned bright red. He was embarrassed to tell the man that he was stealing from his cousin but also that he couldn't read. Severus on the other hand was impressed. Most children began reading between six and seven, some between four and five. He knew Lily was a bright girl and she seemed to pass on her love for learning down to Harry. Reading, now that was something Severus could work with. "That's great Harry. Many children don't learn to read until they're about five. You must be very proud of yourself. Do you have a favorite story?" "No. Well I guess there is one. I heard my Aunt Petunia rweading to Dudley once, it was called 'Good Night Moon'. That's da only story I've ever heard, but I liked it a lot." Severus knew at that moment that he would not only make sure this boy was safe, but cared for. He couldn't let the boy remain in these doors. If Albus didn't send anyone the boy may of died from a heat stroke, and he couldn't ignore the bruises. "That is a good one. I much prefer the stories out of 'The Tales of Beedle the Bard'. Severus smirked recalling stories his mother read to him as a boy. "Neva heard of dem." Harry replied. Severus smirked and let out a small chuckle. No he wouldn't think the boy hadn't seeing as no one even told him about magic or that he was even a wizard. Finally Harry had finished his sandwich and let out a small smile. For once his stomach felt content and he owed it all to the man in front of him. "Are you still hungry? If so I can make you something else, it's no bother. Don't feel forced to eat more though, eating too much can harm your stomach as much as starvation." Severus asked. Before Harry could even think of a response however he heard the front door open. Harry's stomach dropped at the next sound. "What the hell do you think you're doing!?" He heard the roar of his uncle. Let me know what you think! Again this is a AU story so Snape will be different especially with young Harry. What do you think will happen next?