you to sit back down on my lap, my Little Harry, like the young obedient son of mine that you are. Ride me, I want to feel you from the inside, son" he said, his voice nearly a whisper. Harry nodded slowly, shifting back until he could grip both arms of the chair. "Help, Daddy" he said softly. James put one hand on Harry's hip and guided him back, holding his cock so it would find hot hole to sink easily directly into his child's open arse and even poke his child's core as his boy sat down on his lap. Harry bit his lip in concentration, pausing when the tip of cock grazed his entrance. "Daddy" , he moaned again, as he was breached and beginning to slowly sink down until he was seated in Dad's oh so aroused lap with Dad's thick cock filling him. "Yes, my child," he gasped, the feeling of his sweet small Harry carefully siting down as a very thick slippery, leaking cock sunk into his small hole, taking the not so little Daddy inside whole made James shiver and grab both of the boy's hips, struggling to hold still and let Harry set his own pace. Harry sat down completely and leaned back against Daddy James, feeling the man's throbbing manhood inside his full belly, Harry was breathing hard. He was so close, so he needed a few moments. "So deep," James whispered, his arms coming around Harry's thin waist to rubb the satin soft bulged belly that held his cock so tightly while his son Harry came down from being lost and caught his breath. He chuckled. "Sometimes I almost wish I could just stay like this with you, my Harry-child, your soft inner flesh is exquisite." James smirked, high on Harry's magic already. "Sometimes," Harry whispered, placing his hands over James's. He almost didn't want to move, staying like that becoming a bit too appealing for him. Daddy James's cock was downright wrecking havoc in his magic. James chuckled, leaning back in the chair and taking Harry with him. "Put your legs on either side of mine," James instructed and moaned as Harry's arse squeezed his cock and when Harry had done so, he reached with his slick fingers for the child's erection. "Let's see how this works," he whispered in Harry's ear as he began to stroke the young cock. Harry's head fell back against his shoulder as he began to rock his hips, trying to thrust up into James's hand, but at the same time he could feel his Daddy move inside him. Two sensations at once. "I'm definitely not going to last, Daddy." Harry let his head fall back on Daddy's schoulder, moaned into James' sweaty neck and bit the pale skin of Dad's throat. James chuckled deeply, enjoying having this effect on his little slutty minx of a needy heier. He kissed the red tinted cheek and licked at Little Harry's ear, as he worked his hand, and his child with it, going up and siting down, cock going in and out of his sweet tight child until the boy whimpered for him. Harry groaned, turning his head so that he could look at James. "Too slow, Dad" he whispered. The man laughed and moved faster. It wasn't easy to thrust from his position, but his sexy little son was writhing on him, taking the thick meaty cock balls deep and oh, James' balls were becomming so tight he would explode if he did not release soon so it didn't take much. He moved his hand faster so his son would speed up and bring James to orgasm. It was harder to move up and down like this, but Harry didn't want to close his legs so he worked with it. It definitely felt amazing though, how Daddy's organ went deeper so easy when Harry took his seat, seeming to drive Dad's cock even deeper and their balls were touching. He closed his hand around James's and helped him with each stroke, biting his lip again. Daddy was good to him. Loving Harry as Harry needed, giving him plenty of his time and energy Daddy James spend quenching the thirst in Harry's belly. James was getting real close now, his breathing speeding up and his muscles trembling. "Oh, fuck, you are so tight, son, so so beautiful," he purred in Harry's ear, "I want to watch you come as I feed you my seed, my child." That was all it took for Harry and he came with small cry, clenching Dad's erection tightly in his core. "Fuck, Daddy, Daddy" he gasped with blown expression on his cute face, his green green eyes almost black. "Yess," James hissed as his son's come coated his hand and the young arse tightened impossibly on his deeply burried cock. He came seconds later, coating his sweet little son's deep walls with sloshes of white bitter ejaculate, James' arm holding Harry tightly and still in place as hot spunk was being deposited into the young boy's aquiscent core. There was heaven hidden deep in his son's belly and James was determinated for his small son's hot heaven to stay at least full of James' semen. Harry moaned softly as Daddy kept on delivering semen and Magick into his core, loving the way James held onto him as he came. "See ... beautiful ... James opened his eyes, looking into Harry's green. "Yes, beautiful," he said, smiling at him. James traced his fingertips in a tipicaly gentle touch his son's smooth skin of the child's abdomen and caressed it lovingly with his hands, feeling his cock slowly defleting in his son's belly as the bulge on the boy's belly retracted and disappeared, only hot magical humming showed how Harry was still full of him. James loved and adored his child, the most precious thing in James' whole world, now safely held by James. James promissed himself to never let his baby boy go.