the lot of them... Everywhere she looked she saw vermin; pathetic and weak. At least Lucius was free and quickly rebuilding his reputation in the Ministry. The wizarding world was economically crippling after the war and Malfoy money was too good to ignore. She could deal with the hatred of blood-traitors; no, not deal; she could take pride in their disgust of her. It was twelve years after when Sirius Black had done the impossible and escaped from Azkaban. It was an ordinary morning for the Malfoy family; they ate their breakfast over small talk and Lucius informing their son of their schedule for the day. After he finished his breakfast her husband started to read the Daily Prophet with his second cup of tea, as usual. Narcissa was about to ask Draco if he wanted Theodore Nott to come over next week when Lucius choked on his tea and started to cough. "Are you well, dear?" she asked her husband, worried. Lucius was looking at the first page of the Prophet with disbelief. Narcissa had never seen her husband that... shocked. They shared a concerned look with her son, who had raised his eyebrows, and returned her gaze towards her husband. Lucius nodded once. "Yes... Yes. I'm fine," he said and cleared his throat. "Sirius Black has escaped." "Escaped?" she asked stupidly. "Yes," Lucius said, now collected once again. "From Azkaban?" she asked. "Who is Sirius Black?" Draco asked curiously and stood up to glance at the newspaper his father was holding as Lucius answered Narcissa: "Yes, darling, and no one knows how; apparently." Narcissa turned to her son to answer his question. It was easier to focus on Draco; she was strong when her son was there. "Sirius Black is the son of Walburga and Orion Black; he would be the head of our-" she stopped herself and corrected: "of the House of Black if he were not in Azkaban." "Oh, he is your cousin then?" Draco asked and Narcissa nodded an affirmative; had she ever thought Sirius as a cousin? "Why was he imprisoned?" "He was believed to be the one that betrayed the Potter family to the Dark Lord," Lucius answered for Narcissa, undoubtedly sensing his wife's distress over the matter. Still Narcissa couldn't stop herself from defending her once fiancé. "He never had a trial," she snapped. "That is correct," Lucius bowed his head. Their eyes met, and Narcissa saw Lucius' concern for her and a warm feeling took over her heart. She reached for his hand, and held it, trying to convey that no matter what she felt for Sirius, she loved him too. Even though they tried to never talk about Sirius Black, Narcissa knew that Lucius always felt a little insecure when it came to her feelings. Their marriage was hard at first, of course. Narcissa was tortured and almost bled to death so her family could make a bride of her for the House of Malfoy, and at first, she didn't feel any love for Lucius. But he was a gentlewizard, a kind man; despite being a Death Eater. Not that she blamed him for that. Abraxas Malfoy had raised Lucius to become one, after all. As a young boy, Lucius met with the Dark Lord on many occasions, and he never had a choice over the matter. At least he was smart enough to remain free once his Lord vanished into thin air. She had learned to love Lucius. They were a family now with a son to be proud of. She loved him, and was loyal to him. And as anyone who was born a Black, her loyalty was unwavering. She would not go back to Sirius, even if it were possible. She would stand by Lucius, support him in good and the bad. She had taken vows. She loved her husband. No matter what she felt for Sirius that would never change. Dead. Sirius Black had died, while battling Death Eaters; among them was her husband. Lucius was a part of a trap that killed her Sirius. What could she feel? Could she mourn her long lost love, or feel desperate over her husband's imprisonment? Dead , reminded the wretched voice inside her head. Sirius Black is dead. Narcissa closed her eyes, squeezing them shot. She was trembling, fighting her tears from falling down. Sirius is dead. "It'll be alright, mother." She opened her eyes, and met the grey eyes; beautiful, caring, lovely eyes; of her son. He reached and wiped the tears from her cheeks. "He'll be alright," he said, whispering the words he thought would be a comfort to her. He is dead. She shook her head. She couldn't lie to her son and pretend as if she were crying over her husband. She wasn't; despite the guilt that came with it. She couldn't cry for Lucius, even though she knew he was there to protect them. To make sure she and her son were safe. But what did it matter? He was in Azkaban, fallen out of favour. And Sirius Black was dead. Her sister made sure everyone knew she had killed him. " You should have seen his face Cissy! The blood traitor falling to the veil..." She could still hear Bellatrix's laughter echoing in the halls. " I killed Sirius Black." "I'll make sure, you'll see," Draco hugged her, and she closed her arms around him, enveloping her son who had grown so much, so fast. "I'll take care of you now, I promise." THE END Hello, dear readers! This was rather sad to write and I personally can't believe that I killed Sirius. It was something I was sure I'd always avoid but apparently not. I saw this ship in passing on Tumblr and well, tried it myself. I hope that you enjoyed reading it even though it is particularly gloom. It would make me incredibly happy to read your reviews! You can find me at synoir . tumblr . com Synoir