tentative steps toward him before running full pelt at him. It took all of Harry's strength not to fall over at the force of her impact, her body slamming into his, causing him to stagger slightly. "Oh, Harry! Thank you! I was so afraid we couldn't go back to the way we were," she sobbed. "I don't know how he even managed to get me with the potion." "You don't feel any different from the last time?" He asked. "And we'll deal with that later." "No, nothing more than the usual urge to be around you. Seems our Bond remains like last time." Harry grinned and hugged her tightly to him, relief no doubt clear on his features, had Hermione been able to see his face. The Bond was very fickle- it could only be their blood ritual taken years ago that spared them from a more intimate relationship. He knew that the Bond could not be ignored, no matter how much Sire and Childe wanted to- not without the Sire releasing their Childe from their care. And no Sire in their right mind ever wanted to do that...except perhaps the one who had made Harry. It was why a Vampire had to be careful when taking someone to be their Childe. It was all too easy to think the Bond would work in your favour, when it most likely wouldn't, and there was so much pain when a Childe had to be released. Not physical pain, but more that there was an emotional emptiness, a deep loss that took so long to overcome. Not only that, but a Sire was not only responsible for their Childe's well-being, but would also be held accountable for their misdeeds, especially law breaking. The Childe for committing the offence, but the Sire for not keeping them in line; they would both be punished severely. Harry knew there would be repercussions for allowing Ron's death, and no doubt for changing Hermione again- not that he really cared- with their blood bond still in place, it could not be disputed that they were still family. Besides, after what the piece of scum had done to Hermione, he would gladly have brought him back just so he could kill him with his bare hands. He could also claim the right to protect his Childe, since she had been placed under threat and harm had come to her. Any Sire could protect their young should the danger potentially culminate in their death, and Harry was in no doubt that Ron would not have hesitated to kill her if she continued to refuse to cooperate with his wishes. The look in his once warm, brown eyes was nothing short of mad. The pair broke apart and resumed Harry's cleaning of the club. There wasn't much left to do except clean up the glass that he had knocked to the floor and a few cleaning spells here and there. Thankful for small favours, both were exhausted and needed some rest. They could return to the house they shared, Hermione wouldn't need to feed until tomorrow at the earliest- she'd taken more than enough blood from Harry. While Hermione finished wiping down the last of the tables, a knock on the main doors resounded through the club. Frowning, Harry withdrew his wand and went to open up, Hermione following close behind with her hand around her wand, still in her pocket. He swung the doors open and was greeted with a sombre looking Dawlish and Tonks, Aurors for the Ministry of Magic. "Wotcher, Tonks!" Harry grinned, using her usual greeting. Tonks didn't react to his smile or use of her standard greeting. Dawlish spoke first. "Harry James Potter, Sire to one Hermione Jean Granger, you are hereby under arrest for the unlawful killing of one Ronald Billius Weasley. You and Miss. Granger are to be taken into custody tonight and appear before the Ministry tomorrow morning for a hearing with the Minister for Magic and the Wizengamot." "Why is my Childe to be taken also? She has done nothing against the law," Harry growled, an instant urge to protect her rising within him. "She is accused of attempting to use one of the Unforgiveables on Mr. Weasley. She will attend her own hearing tomorrow," said Tonks sorrowfully. "Let me lock up," Harry seethed, his eyes meeting Hermione's, a look of understanding passed between them. Harry turned to Hermione, gesturing that she should wait outside for him. Harry pulled the heavy iron doors closed behind him, locked them and murmured his wards, mainly ones to repel Muggles from finding the place. If they approached the building, all they saw was a dilapidated block of flats. As soon as he'd finished, he felt magical shackles snake around his wrists, binding his magic. Tonks removed their wands from them, before both she and Dawlish took hold of them, Disapparating into the night with a crack to the Ministry. Harry could only hope that he would be given the chance to explain their actions, and it wouldn't be a head hunt like his fifth year and dealing with Umbridge. There was no telling how things would go in the Ministry, but Harry was resolved to do anything he could to make sure that nothing happened to Hermione. If all else failed, he would take full responsibility for the events of that night. Hermione had done nothing wrong and didn't deserve to be treat like a criminal. Harry could have saved Ron and had chosen not to. That was his burden to bear, not one that Hermione should have to pay the price for. So here you have the first chapter of the Vampire!Harry story that I have been working on. I cannot say how long it will be, other than that I have four edited chapters (including this one) with a further three that need a little more work. But rest assured, this is far from over ;) Sumus Noctis- we are the night