always will. I couldn't have done any of this without you. But…I can't give you what you want. All I can offer is my friendship." Defeated, Hermione pleaded with tear-streaked cheeks and red swollen eyes to salvage whatever relationship would be left after her rejection of his affection. Frustrated with how this conversation ended but relieved that the outcome resulted in a continuance of friendship, Dawson picked up Hermione's hand and brought it to his lips. With a gentle kiss Dawson replied, "I will always be there for you, Hermione. You can always count on me." Dawson continued to hold onto Hermione's hand as he escorted her outside towards the Uber ride. Once they reached the vehicle they turned towards each other, eyes locked, and only the heat of their deep breathing filling the space between them. "Well I guess this is it." "I suppose so," agreed Hermione. Now what happened next overwhelmed not only Dawson, but Hermione, as well. She didn't know what made her do it, maybe it was that last shot of tequila, but she felt she owed it to Dawson. Especially since this may be one of the last times she would see him. "Dawson," she paused for a second, allowing herself to second guess her actions. She went ahead and continued with her confession, just to see where her cards would fall. "I'm a witch. And I don't mean it in the sense that I'm a pagan and all that other nonsense. What I mean is that I'm an actual witch that works with wands, spells, and potions. I have been on a mission with the Ministry of Magic since I graduated from Hogwarts, the school where I learned about magic. I am required now to return home to discuss my findings with the people who sent me here to learn about muggle medical advancement and how we could intertwine our two cultures to improve the quality of care for the wizarding community." Hermione blurted out. She didn't understand how her word vomit could have helped the situation with Dawson, but deep down inside she felt he had to know the truth. With a newfound rush of courage, Hermione reached up onto her tiptoes and placed her lips urgently against Dawson's. He instinctively embraced her into his arms and met her passion with an equally vigorous kiss. A fieriness rose into his chest and intensified as this public display of affection prolonged. Reluctantly, Hermione pushed Dawson away and climbed into the backseat of her Uber. "A witch?" Dawson asked as she closed the door behind her and began to lower her window. With a radiant smile and glittery eyes, Hermione reached out for Dawson's hand one last time and held it in hers; memorizing the warmth of his smooth skin and how her fingers comfortably intertwined with his. "I'll see you around, Dawson McKinney." And with those parting words, Hermione released his grasp and told the driver that she was ready to leave, looking into Dawson's eyes the entire time. As she pulled away, Dawson continued to watch her pull away until she turned at the first streetlight and was out of sight. He turned back into the bar and accidently ran into a man's shoulder as he was leaving the bar. "Sorry, ma-," Dawson replied as he looked up to offer his apologies. But what Dawson saw next was something that made his stomach churn. The man's features were contorting into what could only be described as nodules bubbling under his skin. "Sir! Are you okay? I'm a doctor-," Dawson offered genuinely as he began to triage the man. "I'm fine!" The man yelled as he pushed Dawson away and began to run into the street. The man's hair suddenly began to streak into white platinum blonde and Dawson blinked his eyes in disbelief. " Maybe I shouldn't have had that last tequila shot ," Dawson thought as he noticed the man running straight into the harbor. "Sir! Stop! Please, STOP!" Dawson ran towards the man as he began to climb over the guardrail. But by the time Dawson reached the rails the man had already jumped. With adrenaline rushing through his veins, Dawson didn't notice that a popping sound replaced what should have been a splash of water. He peered over into the harbor and searched frantically for any signs of the man. But the dark choppy waters disguised whatever was floating down in the cold murky waters. Dawson frantically pulled out his cellphone and began to call 911. "What a night, " replied a flabbergasted Dawson as the dispatcher questioned his emergency. Thousands of miles away, the wizard apparated back to his ornately decorated room and reveled in feeling the enchantments surrounding his home as he walked towards his full-length mirror. He welcomed the changes to his face as he observed the last signs of his disguise disappear. He gazed lovingly at himself once his familiar features began to take form. He offered himself a self-assured smile as he thought about all that he had heard and witnessed tonight. "So the Ministry knows about Hermione. And they are implementing a muggle-wizard type of healthcare system, it seems." The wizard began to remove his clothing and change into his pajamas when he considered the impact of this progressive movement. With a flick of his wand, he removed the excess pillows on his side of the bed and pulled back the black satin sheets. His wife, sleeping soundly to his side, didn't stir as he made himself comfortable in the king-size bed. He looked at his wife and began to devise a plan. A plan that kept him up until the sun began to rise. And as his wife began to rouse herself from her deep sleep in the early morning hours, the wizard ever so carefully placed a gentle kiss to her temple and turned over to pretend to be lost in dreams. Thank you for reading! Constructive criticism is always welcome. -A