let me go? Most importantly, do you promise to never hurt me or degrade me?" Harry pulled him into a heated kiss, while using one of his hands to caress his leg. He kissed down his jaw and licked the sensitive mating mark his snake form had given him, "I love you Severus. You are so beautiful inside and out. Now ride my other mate like a dog in heat." Severus nodded as he moved behind the waiting wizard. Harry could only watch the beautiful scene for a few moments before joining in. He grabbed his mate's hips before calling Dobby. The house elf appeared with wider than normal eyes, "How may Dobby help you, Master?" Harry nodded, "I want you to prepare us a bath and breakfast please." The elf smiled before snapping his fingers and disappearing. Harry continued with his fast pace. He held back a chuckle listening to the stream of swears flowing from the Potion Master's mouth. It didn't take long before Severus was clenching through an orgasm bringing Harry along with him. Harry kissed his ear, "Severus, I know that you might be a bit tired after these activities, but I want you to bend over the bed so that it will be your turn to enjoy being the passive one." Severus nodded his silvery blond head and assumed the required position after pulling out of the quivering but unable to release wizard. Harry took Sirius by the shoulder and led him off the bed, "Siri, you will push into that still stretched and wanting flesh, while I enjoy your tight little hole. Do try to show some stamina." Sirius simply nodded before following the instructions letting out a guttural groan. Harry set the pace once more. He lost track of time as they moved as one. He felt the energy build within him once more. It was the same white love energy, which was the demise of the Dark Lord. It had a much different effect on his mates. It seemed to pull at ancient blocks and hidden secrets. It coaxed out hidden gifts and washed away years of misery. Part of him wondered if it brought forth suppressed memories as well. He began to see flashes in his mind. Memories that he never experienced, and many of them were truly appalling. He would need to speak with each of his mates separately. He needed to get them to open up. He needed to help them through their darkness so they could help him through his. They were all once again shuddering messes. The voice sounded in his mind once more, "You need to summon their family seals. They need to wear them until your circle is sealed. It is a mark of your claim to them. I'm sure you don't want someone else coming in trying to claim what is yours." Harry nodded before calling his house elf back, "Dobby, I need a couple of plugs for my new mates." The house elf nodded producing two plugs. One was black with the Black Family Crest engraved on it in silver. The top of it had a textured bulb, which was likely intended to set against the man's prostate. Harry took it and pushed it into the filled hole when the elf explained, "It has cleaning charms on it which will banish all waist matter, but will keep him safe from any interlopers. Watch out for the Bumblebee. He has quite the sting." Harry wasn't sure what the elf meant by that, but something told him the statement related to a twinkled eyed wizard. He took the second plug, which was also black. It had the Prince Family Crest engraved instead. Its bulb was completely smooth but had a vibrating feature. He happily pushed it into his other man turning the vibration dial on the low setting. He turned toward the house elf, "I'm guessing this has the same cleaning spells. Where did you get these anyway?" The house elf smiled, "Each ancient family has one for when a Mimicker finds his mates. They were forgotten, but they still existed where bonded house elves could find them. The Prince family plug is also enhanced with additional fertility spells. They were known for only having one child at a time. With the plug he is likely to have two or three children for you master, but only if you truly desire for him to be so full with babies." Harry smirked at the Potions Master who was attempting to pull out the plug as soon as he heard children, "Yes, and the only ones who can put in or remove the plugs are Alpha mates only. Severus, you might as well stop trying to remove that. You're a beta after all. Don't worry. I don't plan on stuffing you full of children for a while, though the image of you round with child does excite me." Severus turned toward him and pouted, "Why are you making me carry children? I've never gotten along with them even when I was one myself." Harry took Severus' nipple between his thumb and forefinger rolling it with just the right amount of pressure, "That's not true love. You and my mother got along quite well until you called her that horrible word in your fifth year. Now, turn around so I can switch that plug off and the three of us can enjoy a nice warm bath. I want a large family, Sev. I have been without one for far too long. You're lucky though for I am still quite young. I believe it better to wait as long as possible. So, long as your creatures do not need to breed too soon. I'm sure one of my mates will go into some sort of heat requiring us to mate. I'll have many. So, please don't worry. I'm sure it will be a bit before you're with child. We have to worry about a meddling bumblebee after all." .