here with me. We can watch the clouds for a little bit." Hermione rolled over onto her back and felt Teddy doing the same, just close enough that he was touching her, but not close enough to be considered cuddling. He was as sensitive as Remus had been about some things, even though he was only a little boy. "Oh, look! A jarvey!" she said, pointing to a particularly fluffy cloud. "I see a poodle!" Teddy said, pointing to another part of the jarvey cloud. On it went for several minutes, until, "Aunt 'Mynee? Do you know my favourite smell in the whole world?" "Is it fresh chocolate biscuits? That was your father's favourite." Her voice was light, easy. "No. Grass." He was quiet for a long time. His voice was so soft, so sad. Hermione propped up on one arm and looked down at him. "Why is grass your favourite smell?" she asked softly. "Because it reminds me of Daddy," he said, eyes pooling with tears. "I smelled it when he would talk to me and hold me. And I smell it every time we go to see him and Mommy in the churchyard." He sniffed. "I miss Daddy." "I miss your daddy, too," Hermione said. How Teddy knew how his father had smelled, she didn't know, but she attributed it to stories, scent-memory, or magic. Perhaps all three. "And my favourite smell is grass, too. You're right. Remus did smell like grass a lot." He had. The comfort of that smell had followed him, but he had hated it. Grass had meant four paws and pain. Grass had meant years of loneliness as his only friends were dead or in prison. Grass had meant a loss of humanity. Teddy cuddled up to Hermione and sniffled, trying not to cry. Hermione held him close, not telling him to shush. Instead, she stayed quiet, which is what Teddy needed in long minutes like this, and let her mind drift back to the smell of grass and the feeling of safety and comfort it brought to her. No werewolf could take that away, not when he had worn the smell and worked so hard to protect her and the others. Hermione took in a deep breath, felt the slow, even breathing of a sleeping Teddy against her, and let herself grieve, once again, for a good man. She fell asleep in the grass. Hermione dug the spade into the ground and turned another shovelful. Some gardening could be done by magic, but mostly it was just work. The summer vegetables were ready to be picked, but it was time to prepare the autumn patch, turning the soil and getting it ready to be planted. Magic could be used to tend to the weeds, water the seeds and shoots, and even pick the vegetables and fruits, but it couldn't be used to till the ground. There was something about the interaction of magic with earth that leeched the nutrients away, and the plants would be weak, unproductive. Neville had explained it all in Fifth-year Herbology, but she so rarely worked in a garden or greenhouse that she'd forgotten most of the magic-matter interactions. She was sweating again, but this time she didn't mind. It always seemed to be cooler in the country, and here at The Burrow, working in the garden was just fun. Thirsty work, but fun work. Not quite as fun as degnoming the garden, mind, but fun. "You look like you need this," came the soft, sad voice behind her. Hermione turned, saw Bill holding two glasses of lemonade, and smiled. "Thanks, Bill," she said. "One of the few drawbacks of working in the garden: thirst." "I would think dirt sticking to you is on that list," he said, a flash of a smile in his eyes and on his lips. The divorce had been hard on him, but losing Victoire had been worse. Neither he nor Fleur had known she'd taken the old broomstick out, not until they found her body at the bottom of the cliff. Blame had run wild, anger fueled by agony, until whatever they had once had together had burned to ashes. Now he was living at The Burrow again, unable to face living in Shell Cottage or living alone quite yet. "It is, but that's quickly remedied by a dip in the pond," she returned. "Speaking of, I'm done for the day. Care for a swim?" She downed half her lemonade and pressed the cold glass to her cheek. Somehow, she managed not to moan in pleasure, instead rolling the glass against her skin and closing her eyes to enjoy it. He was taking too long to answer. "Bill?" Her voice asked the questions she couldn't put words to quite yet. Embedded in that one word was are you okay? and did I say something wrong? "I think I'd like that," he said softly, his lips flashing that little smile again, his eyes not quite so shadowed. "I'll go change." Hermione watched him walk back to the house and sipped her lemonade slowly. What had that look in his eyes been? Was he... no. No, he wasn't interested in her. Was he? What had Ron said? Bill hadn't gone swimming since the accident? Or was it since the divorce was final? Wouldn't even go down to the pond because it reminded him of finding Victoire on the rocks at the beach? But he was going swimming with her. Maybe, just maybe, his thirst was for more than just lemonade, and maybe, just maybe, there was something she had that could soothe him, if only for a little while. Maybe , whispered that little voice that had found him fascinating for far too long, you can be more than just a 'little while' for him. As she walked down to the pond, empty glass in her hand, shovel banished back to the shed, she realized that she, too, had been thirsty for too long.