a supportive mother and a caring father. Something I won't be able to giver her." Celia looked at her niece in a new light. It wasn't having the baby that made her a woman, it was making the toughest decision of her life that did. Three days after Justine gave birth, she and her father pulled their hoods up to their faces, making sure no one was looking. They walked up the steps to Madam Chantal's Home for Children, placed the basket on the front porch. Justine stared down at her daughter. "My baby Victoria. I will miss you." Justine placed Victoria into the basket, after making sure that she was well enough warm. Placing a note on top of the basket Justine pulled her wand out. Muttering a simple incantation, she placed a protection spell over her daughter. Something that would always keep her safe until she was old enough to be considered a woman. Gripping the doorknocker, Justine gave it three good knocks, before following her father behind a bush. They Disillusioned themselves, so no one could see them. They waited until they saw the porch light turn on and an elderly women walked out. "Hello? Is anyone there?" Looking around Madam Chantal didn't see anyone. She was about to turn around and walk back into her house when something caught her eyes. "Oh good heavens." Reaching down Chantal picked up the child inside the basket. Looking around for anyone who might have left the child on the porch. She saw none. Chantal saw the note and carefully held the child in her right arm and she reached for it. Dear Madam Chantal, This little girl is my most precious gift, please; I beg of you, keep her safe. I plan on being back for her within two years, If am unsuccessful please, allow her to be adopted by any man you deem caring enough of a beauty soul such as this, and a woman who is wise and would guide her into the right direction. Her name is Victoria. Just Victoria. Born November 7th, 1986. - A loving but undeserving mother. P.S If she is ever adopted, please give this to her new family, that way they may pass it onto her, that way she knows that I will always love her. Chantal looked at the precious bundle in her arms. "You my dear are very special. I'm going to take good care of you. "Madam Chantal walked back into the house with baby Victoria in her arms. Justine watched as her daughter was taken inside. She tried not to cry, but the feeling was overwhelming. She turned to her father and sunk into his arms. Rupert apparated to his sisters' house from the orphanage let Justine to continue crying in his arms until she fell asleep. He took her cloak off, untied her boots, and put her under the covers. The door opened to reveal Celia standing in the hallway. "She's done it then?" "Yes, we watched the old woman take the child inside." Celia put her hand on her brothers' shoulder. "You must be proud of her." "I'm more worried. Worried about what this going to do to her." Both of the Gale siblings walked out of the room, and shut the door. They walked into the kitchen, both of them mulling over a cup of tea. Rupert had yet to touch his. After two hours of sitting, the sun was seen rising over the hilltop. There was a knock at the door. Rupert looked at Celia who just shrugged. Celia walked to the door and opened it. "Frances? What are you doing here?" Her sister-in-law stood on her porch in a traveling cloak. "Where is she? Where is my baby?" Walking into the house, Frances discarded her cloak on the floor and began looking around frantically. "She's upstairs resting." Frances turned around to see her husband standing there. She ran to him and straight into his arms. "Oh Rupert, I've been a fool. How could I have treated her this way?" Rupert simply wrapped his around her shoulders and held her. "It's okay Franny, It's all over." "She gave it away?" "Yes, she have her away." "Her? She had a daughter?" "Yes she did. A most beautiful baby girl." Rupert gave a tiny smile at the memory of his tiny granddaughter. "Oh, I've been a fool. I have to talk to her." Frances removed herself from her husband and made her way to Justine's room. "Frances let her sleep. These past few months have not been good to her." Celia closed the door to her house and walked back into the kitchen with Rupert following, while Frances debated with herself. Giving in, she knew that Celia knew more about how to care for Justine than she did. With a heavy heart and large sigh, Frances walked into the kitchen to join Celia and her husband. That next morning, Justine packed her bags and went back to London with her parents. She got dressed, went straight to St. Mungos and began her search to find out how to become a Healer. After having Victoria, Justine finally decided that she wanted to be there, when the witches of London had their children. She wanted to be the ones to tell the mother what their baby was, hand them their precious little child and be there and watch that magical connection between mother and child. Entering the Maternity ward, she asked for the Head Healer. A short woman with black hair pulled tight into a bun came around from the back. She resembled a, less frightening, younger Professor McGonagall without the glasses. "Hello dear, how may I help you?" Justine shook the hand of the older woman in front of her. "Hello. My name is Justine Gale, and I want to become a Healer. I graduated Hogwarts last year, and I took some time off for some soul searching and I'm ready get on with my life."