victory. He took a firm grip of Potter's hair, bending his head back, and at the same time rammed his cock deep into the other man. Potter cried out and his flailing hands sent the clipboard flying to the floor. Potter gripped the side of the desk for support as Draco slammed into him repeatedly, and Draco could hear a string of expletives chanting out of his mouth. Potter's mouth looked so enticing that Draco couldn't help it; he crashed their mouths together in a dirty, sloppy, brilliant kiss that made his toes curl. Potter responded in kind, and they devoured each other in abandon. Draco had to keep himself in check as not to come too soon, he was dangerously close to the edge, but so was Potter. Draco could feel his responding thrusts starting to waver and he decided to challenge the man a bit further. He closed his fingers around the base of Potter's leaking cock like a cock ring, and squeezed. At the same time he slowed his breathing and his own movements, almost halting them to let them cool down a bit. Potter groaned in frustration. "What the bloody hell…?" Draco kissed him silent. After a while he deemed them both safely far enough from the edge that he resumed to the action back to where it had been. If he was being honest, he needed the cooling breaks maybe even more than Potter, he had been on edge practically the whole time during this meeting, and he needed a release really badly. He wouldn't let Potter win, though, and so he soldiered on, edging them both two more times, until Potter cried out, aggravated, "What the fuck, Malfoy?" He chuckled, but let things heat back up again, and this time encouraged them to have their final release, together. While his own balls were screaming for release and his cock was definitely raising a mutiny against it's master, Draco let himself go. His whole body tingling from the heat of impending climax, he slammed his cock ferociously into Potter, battering his prostate with every thrust, and firmly stroked his cock in the same rhythm. With his other hand cupping Potter's balls and pressing them against his body while two fingers pressed his perineum, he pushed Potter over the edge at the same time as he tumbled over as well. Breathing heavily, they collapsed on the desk in a heap, boneless and utterly sated. Not a word was said as they calmed down from their high, until Draco slowly lifted his weight from the top of Potter. He looked down at Potter, who deliberately seemed to keep his eyes shut, not wanting to look at him. Had it been too much for Potter? Had Draco crossed some invisible line there? Draco wouldn't know until Potter told him, but that obviously wasn't happening. Draco was disappointed; he had no way of knowing if he had succeeded or not. Maybe Potter refused to look at him for fear that he would reveal too much - good or bad - if he did. "Anything else, or was that all, judge Potter?" Draco asked a bit hoarsely, glancing at the disheveled man sprawled across the desk looking like he'd just had the fuck of his life. Probably he looked the same. "That was all, Malfoy. See you tomorrow at the award ceremony." Quietly Draco collected his clothes, dressed quickly and left. The next day Draco felt confident as he arrived to the award ceremony held in the gloriously decorated banquet hall. He knew he looked excellent in his dark suit. He noticed Potter sitting at a table with his fellow judges, not looking at him once, although he was in plain sight for the whole ceremony. Even if his life depended on it, Draco wouldn't admit he was nervous about the outcome of the competition. Without Potter, he'd be the winner without a doubt, but with Potter's scores, he was not so sure of himself. Draco sat at the table with his fellow contestants and silently assessed them all. Obviously the Swedish bloke was ranked high, his self-confidence was so strong. The blokes from Ireland and South Africa were all relaxed, but that didn't mean they weren't serious opponents in this competition for Draco. Two other contestants were hard to decipher, because they didn't say a word to any of them. "...and the winner is…" broke Draco out of his stupor, and he perked up. This was the moment of truth. Pansy would suffer a month in the convent for nuns if Draco won the championship, and Draco would have all the bragging rights for eternity. "... Draco Malfoy from Great Britain!" Draco couldn't believe his ears. He had won! He had really won this bloody championship! His chest was bursting with pride. Draco stumbled to his feet and to the stage, where he was rewarded with the award. Cameras flashing and a thick crowd surrounding him made him feel out of this world. Surreal. Like the office where Potter tested him for the championship. Potter. Draco searched for his last judge, and only after a long look around did he manage to locate him standing next to his table, applauding. He smiled, and Draco couldn't help but smile widely back at him. After the ruckus calmed down, Potter approached the new world champion, offering his hand for a handshake. "Congratulations, Malfoy. The best top won, after all." "Thank you, Potter. Were you doubting my skills then?" "Well, you have always been an all talk and no action type of guy, so of course I doubted. Glad to see that you weren't just all talk like usual." "So, would you say that my performance was good enough for you to finally accept my invitation to go out with me?" Potter laughed. "How many times have you asked me out this year, seven? Oh well, maybe I should give it a try. At least the test drive was adequate." THE END