the little fact that as a sensor, his aunt was able to create a mental link with each other. This really came in handy since they had actually used it to teach Harry while he was asleep. Right now through this link, the two felt each others mental sighs when they saw the looks but didn't comment on them. Instead, Petunia started thinking about whether or not they should pack anything for the trip to the zoo that they were taking since it was Dudley's birthday. Harry himself was looking forward to the snake house since sometimes the snakes would talk to him. He had been very surprised the first time it had happened, and also a little scared when Dumbledore had explained to him that some of Voldemort's powers most likely got transferred that night ten years ago, but once he got over it, he found it was actually pretty cool. Though he did keep the fact that he could talk to snakes from his uncle and cousin since it would just be one more thing that "didn't belong in the modern world." Before they left, Vernon and Petunia showed Dudley the gifts they bought him and he started to throw a tantrum about how there were only twelve presents instead of fifteen like last year. (A whole lot better than the thirty six in the movie in my opinion.) The key word is started since Harry, knowing what was coming, quickly used a small level silencing spell that worked for about ten seconds. Petunia sighed when he did this but was actually grateful since she had tried to keep Dudley from becoming spoiled although her husband didn't seem to care as much. Honestly, sometimes she thought that if he and she died the next day, Dudley would get everything and Harry would be sent off to an orphanage. After that interesting event, they left the house and head out to the zoo. London Zoo The trip to the zoo was fairly uneventful. They were walking around looking at all the animals and taking their sweet time. It was only when they got to the reptile house that things got real weird. "Hey look! They got some new animals!" some random kid said to their parents as the Dursleys followed the family in. Harry took a quick look around and spotted what the kid had seen, a big kimono dragon and a boa constrictor. 'Wonder what their stories are' Harry thought to himself as he started walking along the exhibits. Every snake that he passed would look up and give him a small nod. Harry returned them and kept going. If Dudley wasn't hanging around so close, he would have stayed to talk to a couple but the snakes understood how he wanted to keep his ability a secret and so settled for nodding a little. Walking around, they eventually reached the boa constrictor's cage. Harry and surprisingly Dudley took and interest in the snake. Harry decided to talk to it to get to know it and so waited for Dudley to lose interest in it which didn't take too long. Making sure his cousin had truly moved on, Harry knelt down so that way his head wasn't as high as before and looked at the snake. To anyone besides his aunt, it would have looked like he was just getting a closer look at the big snake. And that was partially correct, but he was also getting closer to make it easier to communicate. "Hey, my name's Harry. Been here long?" Harry asked moving his lips as little as possible while watching for the snake's response. The snake opened one of its eyes and looked at the kid who was actually talking to him as if he could understand him. He decided to play along just for the heck of it, "Just transferred about a month ago." To his surprise, the kid actually nodded. "I see. Must have been weird when they moved you." The kid said. He just nodded. "A little." Another nod. "So where are you from originally?" The snake looked at the sign placed on the wall of his exhibit as if seeing it for the first time and taking the time to read it. Looking back to the kid, he said "A place like this. I think they called it the New York Zoo. I know it had to be a long way away since the trip was extremely long, though I did sleep most of the way." Harry nodded again and said "New York is a long way away." He then looked at the sign himself and saw that the boa had been bred in captivity. 'Never seen the forest then. Wonder if he knows about it?' Before Harry could ask however, he heard "Mom! Dad! Come quick! You won't believe what the snake is doing!" Suddenly, Harry was pushed backwards by his cousin who got right up against the glass with his hands on it. From the floor, Harry got an annoyed look and without realizing it, reached inward to his magic and activated a spell. For one brief moment, the glass took on a vapor quality and Dudley who was leaning against it, fell right into the pool of the exhibit. The snake saw this and quickly uncoiled itself and came out of the exhibit just before the glass resolidified. Looking to Harry, the boa nodded to him and said "Thanks." to which Harry just replied "Your welcome." before watching the snake head towards the exit, scaring everyone it came close to on the way out. Harry chuckled as he heard "Brazil here I come!" Petunia, having sensed the unconscious use of magic, was heading back to the exhibit with her husband behind her when they saw what happened. To Petunia, it was one of the more unusual "accidents" that happened over the years. It was quite funny to Harry to see Dudley banging on the glass trying to get out.