He had expected that to fade as she got tired with him, but it hadn't and she'd even become friendly toward him. He'd been so hurt when she'd told him they weren't friends, which was made worse by the fact that they weren't even though he sorely wished they could be, that they could be more than that, that he had blown up. He hadn't thought and he'd just let the first words that came to his mind out in reaction to the hurt he felt. He hadn't thought about how it would affect Hyacinth. He had thought she'd throw some insult back at him. Some blasé thing that would probably make the situation worse, because that was what he had come to expect from her and her Gryffindor friends over the years. When she'd stayed silent he'd assumed she was doing so out of spite. His words were biting, but he hadn't thought they'd cause that type of reaction. In his anger he had been set to just walk away. He hadn't wanted to look back, and he couldn't say why he had, but when he'd seen the tears he'd realised she hadn't stayed silent out of spite. She was upset. He had upset her to the point she was crying. And he knew she wouldn't let herself cry unless she physically couldn't hold back the tears. He had never seen her cry before and the fact that he was the one to cause her tears froze him. He could do nothing but stare. When she'd started to walk away from him he had realised he had to stop her before she got away from him or everything would be ruined. Now he was holding her against his chest and she was completely still. As though she were afraid to move. For what reason Draco didn't know. He could only hope it wasn't because of him. "I'm sorry." It wasn't something that Draco said often. When he was younger it had been because he was too proud. Then as he got older he began to understand the weight of his words. It wouldn't mean anything if he just threw the word around whenever he wanted to get someone off his back like most people did. So Draco only apologised when he really, truly meant it. When Hyacinth relaxed slightly Draco calmed down. She wasn't going to run away. But he didn't let go yet. "I didn't mean to upset you. I would never mean to hurt you like that." It was a lot easier saying these things when he didn't have her bright green eyes drilling into him, even though he knew her attention was fixed on him, he couldn't visually see her face, meaning it was easier to say what he wanted to say. What he needed to say. "I was just scared. You scared me Hyacinth." He whispered it so quietly and so softly he was almost mumbling, but he wouldn't let himself. He made sure his voice was clear. He felt as well as heard her inhale. It was the first time either of them had ever used first names. But Draco couldn't stand it anymore. They'd been trading glances and poking at each other verbally for the past two years. Surely she felt something for him too. She had to. Draco hoped he was right and that she wouldn't reject him. "Draco." His hands tightened slightly on her arms before loosening as he leant his head on hers, letting out a breath, his lips ghosting over her hair, the dark strands contrasting against his pale skin. He felt as she turned in his arms, but not stepping away. Then they were face to face, and despite the fact that he was still scared – scared of her not returning his feelings. Of this ruining everything that had been developing silently between them – he tilted his head until he was looking her right in the eyes, her gaze fluttering slightly as tears weighed down her eyelashes. Using his thumbs he cupped her cheeks and wiped the tears away gently. She kept on looking at him even after the tears were gone. They were so close. Almost flush against the other, only centimetres between them. All Draco would have to do was lean down slightly and kiss her. It would be that easy. But he didn't know whether he should. He wanted to. But could he? In the end he didn't have to decide because Hyacinth made the decision for him. Fingers clenched into his shirt, and Draco felt her pull him to her as Hyacinth stood on tiptoes so they were almost at equal height, but she was just small enough that she couldn't quite reach his lips, so he ducked his head, lifting a hand to her head to tilt it slightly as their lips sealed over one another. It was a gentle kiss. Neither of them had ever kissed anyone before so they were both cautious, but they both wanted it enough that the kiss lingered, neither wanting to pull away. When they did finally pull away they were both smiling. Hyacinth glanced shyly up at him, and she saw his smile grow slightly larger and guessed what he was about to say. "If you make a comment on my height I swear to Merlin Draco…" She trailed off threateningly but Draco just grinned at her. "You had to stand on tiptoe to kiss me and you still weren't tall enough." He chuckled, his eyes sparkling. Hyacinth gave him a look. "Well maybe I won't kiss you at all then." Draco's smile dropped so quickly Hyacinth had to pull him down to kiss him again. "I'm joking Draco." She breathed against his lips. He just kissed her then. "You better be." She just grinned at him. "Are you still mad I jumped of the seventh floor stairs?" She tilted her head teasingly. Draco just leant his forehead on hers and groaned in exasperation.