Aurora can go live with her Aunt. There she'll live happily. There she won't be in the shadow of her brother and she will be able to grow on her own. She will be safe there." Sirius was absolutely furious. He squashed his anger. It would get him nowhere. "Let me take her. I am her godfather and I have a stable job and the Black fortune." "Sirius, my boy. We need to ensure her safety-" He cut Dumbledore off. "I can ensure her safety. I'm a qualified Auror. I have wards surrounding my apartment." "They might not be powerful enough to keep death eaters out." "They have done so far. Why wouldn't they now? Anyway! Voldemort is gone! What are they going to do? If you're so worried about his followers attacking then it should be Charlus who should be being protected by your oh so powerful wards! Didn't you just say he was the one who defeated Voldemort! If you're concerned about Aurora's safety then keep her behind your wards and train her too!" "We can't Sirius. We need to prepare Charlus. We need to place all out focus on him." Sirius looked at them in betrayal and disgust. He couldn't believe this was happening. "Where would you send her? We all know James has no siblings. No one with half a brain would ever think it would be a good idea to send her to Lily's sister. She hates magic and everything to do with it. Aurora wouldn't grow up happily there. So where do you want to send her? Huh! There IS NOWHERE!" Sirius was mad. His wand was clenched tightly in his hand. His knuckles turning white. "Sirius, my boy-" Sirius seemed to be cutting him off a lot. "Don't. Call me. That." They all seemed surprised but wisely didn't comment. "Alright. Mr Black. By giving Aurora to Petunia I could set up blood wards to protect her. It would be fool proof. It's for the best." "No." Sirius ground out. "Sirius. Please think about it. It's the best for everyone in the long run. You're being selfish. Letting your attachments get in the way." Everyone quickly realised that had been the wrong thing to say. Sirius let out a cold, bitter laugh. "Well. Seeing as I'm her godfather I think I'm entitled to be attached. I put her needs first. Seeing as her parents won't. She will NOT go to Lily's sister. I forbid it." "You can't 'forbid it'. You don't have the authority. That lies will the parents and the law." "I am her godfather, Lord and Head to the Noble and Most Ancient House Black. My family has been around for centuries . I outrank you in every way. If you go up against me in court I will bring in every surviving member of the Black family. All powerful in their own right. They will tarnish your Potter name. Aurora is just as much a Black as a Potter. I have the suscepit sanguinem papers to prove it. Lily has no standing in the ministry. She's a muggle born and the Wizengamot wouldn't dare choose a muggle born over the Head of an Ancient and Noble House. You won't win . Especially if I tell them you were going to send her to filthy muggles . You have nothing." Sirius hissed the whole defence. He used every Slytherin trait he had hidden over the years and twisted the words to make it seem as if there was no way they would stand a chance against him. They probably wouldn't. He had the Black fortune and the intimidation factor. Still, he couldn't be sure. Not that he would tell them that. They all stood there stunned. "I am taking Aurora with me. From now on she is no longer a Potter. She is Aurora Dorea Black. You obviously don't want her." He turned to stalk away. "Sirius!" "That's Lord Black to you!" He spat viciously. James physically recoiled. "You made your decision. You'll live with it. The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black cut all ties to the Potters, Dumbledore and The Order of the Phoenix. From now on until I decide otherwise we are a neutral party. So mote it be." Magic swirled around Sirius visibly before pulsing once and dissipating into him. To others the magic would just appear to bind the oath. To Sirius it was the Black family magic responding to and fulfilling the oath. Not bothering with his motorcycle, he banished it back to the garage next to his apartment. The only reason he hadn't apparated here was because he hadn't been thinking straight, there were anti-apparition wards in place and he already had his motorcycle with him at the time. He didn't want to go back to his apartment. People knew where that was. No. He steeled himself. He figured that the best place to stay undisturbed would be in his childhood home. No one would look for him there. If they did it had wards to keep Albus Dumbledore himself out. Checking Aurora was asleep, he apparated out of Godrics Hollow before anybody could stop him. A/N: Aurora is recognised as a Black which is why Sirius didn't cut ties with her when he said the oath. Sirius is out of character, but I believe after/in Azkaban he somehow lost his maturity, reverting back to what he was comfortable with and before he had lost James. I will be making Sirius mature in this story, because will be a father and a powerful figure. If you wanted to read the Halloween Voldemort scene. Sorry, but I feel like everybody already knows what would have happened. If you want to read one I have another WBWL story called Forged bonds. That has a Voldemort scene. If enough people want I might create a one-shot or something similar for you guys. Review what you think! *means blood of the godfather translated into Latin via google translate.