young mind wound tightly as they discussed events of a man named Thesper, and his workings with a 'Dark Lord'. They asked questions, and allowed Arietty to answer, but gave her no room to explain her circumstances. Kieran could see how white her Mother's clenched hands had become, and it made her little heart drop. Kieran grit her teeth, angry that these snooty people wouldn't give her a single chance to defend herself – though why did her mother feel to the need to do so? "You claim to have been put under both Cruciatus Curse and the Imperius Curse – was that before or after you conceived this child?" The man asked accusingly, bemused by her claims. In his eyes he had already made judgment and the bitterness was without doubt. Arietty tensed incredibly and turned her hateful gaze away, lest it hurt her case. She gripped her chair tightly and looked to Kieran with the most regretful eyes she had ever seen, Kieran returned an expression of confusion and hurt. "I knew Thesper as a kind man, I loved him – But he tricked me, he forced me to do things I wish to not say with my Daughter present... He used the Unforgivable Curses..for the conception.. " She said hatefully, her eyes swollen, threatening tears. The room fell silent, and Kieran looked around it– she could not understand what her mother was saying, she could not fathom what her father had done (though she did not even link two and two), and Arietty was silently thankful for that. But Kieran could gather that her Mother was distressed and that the man 'Thesper' had hurt her. "Mommy, it's okay, I won't let you hurt." Kieran cooed, embracing her mother tightly. Arietty forced herself not to sob. Hooking her finger under Kierans chin she smiled, and using her thumb she whipped away the confused, and distressed tears of her young child. The vibe of the room seemed to shift entirely, the painfully scrutinizing tone melted into sympathy, regret, and ultimately pity. "I see." The man eventually managed, clearing his throat. "-I know this is painful, but is there a reason why he would commit such an act?" The room fell into anticipation once again. Arietty recoiled from Kierans touch. Her eyes looked to Kieran, one hazel, one brown, and swollen red. She looked away, she could not bear the truth, and if Kieran understood, she wouldn't either. "Well?" The man urged as gently as he was able. Arietty remained quiet for a moment, revealing the truth could hurt her case, it could hurt her baby. So she thought for a moment "They.. wanted to use Kieran as a vessel of sorts, a Horcrux, to ensure Voldemorts life – But I escaped before they could finish, Harry Potter got in the way, he saved me- us." Whispering amongst each other commenced briefly before the Judge turned to the man in the benches. "Is this true, Mr. Potter?" "I remember her now." Potter began, standing from the crowd to give his input. "In the Graveyard where Voldemort was reborn, she was there, and not that I understood what was happening then, but I knew she was in trouble, and when I had my chance I helped set her free. The ritual was interrupted, it couldn't have possibly worked, because he is dead, I saw to that." He said firmly, his eyes were hardened. Kieran could understand death, and those who commit it – and to her, that told her why she hated that man. Once again the audience burst into muttered conspiracies and questions. Potter sat back down quickly having made his point, though his eyes wandered over Kieran as if even he questioned the whole event. "Well." The Judge began, contemplating "You're cleared of the accusations put against you, but as for your daughter, that is a serious risk we cannot let pass us by – So, from now until her Seventeenth year Kieran Nathair will be on close watch by the Ministry of Magic.. and as for Thesper Wolf still at large you can remain in your protected lands – However, when Kieran turns eleven she will attend Hogwarts so that she may be closer watched." And with smash of his mallet, Kieran's future was sealed. The room dispersed quickly, leaving Kieran and her Mother to the watchful eye of Harry Potter. He approached them pointedly and took out his hand in introduction. "I wanted to thank you for all those years ago, you saved us." Arietty said, relief and angst thick in her voice, clearly the outcome could have been much worse. "I always seem to find myself in those situations, it would be foolish if I didn't have a way out. I'm just happy you actually got free, and that little Kieran here was safe – Hardly anyone believed me then, there wasn't much else I could do but hope. If i knew then what he was doing, I would have- Well, that doesn't matter. It's not true,."He said grimly, but as his eyes trailed down to Kieran he forced a gentle smile. Kieran could only stare mutely at him, her olive eyes round - all she knew what that this man had killed another man, and even trying to process the other information ended with a fuzzy head. "You have done the world such wonder, you have my gratitude forever, and if you need anything, I will do my best to help. My Daughter is my Daughter, not some fragment of a Dark Wizard. I couldn't be more thankful for you making sure of that.." she said softly, the sorrow was quickly catching up to the gratitude on her face. Potter nodded firmly, keeping the reassuring smile on his own face- that although was young, carried a lifetime of struggles. "Mommy, I wanna go home." Kieran mumbled. "Alright." Arietty said softly, and then they bid their farewells, Harry never taking his eyes off the small girl.