angrily dug his nails in to his rival's skin to make sure that Harry knew they were still struggling for power. Harry's eyes rolled back in his head and he feverishly pushed his body against the other man. "Bit eager." Draco smugly noticed between kisses, a smirk spreading across his face. Harry ripped Draco's arms off his hips and pinned his arms up above their heads with one hand. He was surprised at how easily Draco let him. He ran his hands against the scars on Draco's chest with the other hand. "Don't ruin this by talking." He spat out as his mouth left Draco's and instead began to trail nips and kisses down his neck and chest. He let go of Draco's hands as he travelled downwards and was shocked to find them both on his head, shamelessly tangling themselves in his hair. He felt a shiver run down his spine and straight to his cock. He smiled as he took one of Draco's nipples into his mouth and let his tongue swirl around it. A low moan escaped from Draco as he threw his head back against the wall and tightened his grip in Harry's hair. "Fuck, Potter. What are you doing to me?" His voice was rough and his body was tense. Harry took this as encouragement as he ventured lower. Draco heard the clink of his belt being opened as anticipation sprinted through his body. He began to pant as his moved his hips slightly off the wall so that Harry could pull his trousers and boxers down. How was this happening? Everything had spiralled so quickly and Draco couldn't quite catch himself. What was he doing? Had he lost his fucking mind? All rationale thought flew out of his mind as he felt a warm hand wrap around his cock. He groaned as his eyes flew open to look down at his former rival beneath him. "Oh god." Harry was knelt with Draco's cock in his hands, his swollen lips just inches away. His glasses had been left behind – in the alleyway, on the sofa, somewhere. He still wore all his clothes but had never looked more appealing in one of his over-sized t-shirts. His hair was a mess but swept back to not get in his eyes. Those eyes. Draco used all of strength to keep his own eyes open as Harry engulfed him in warm heat. His hands began to fist and stroke through his rival's hair again and he fought to keep his balance and his legs straight. Desperate sounds spilled from Draco's lips as Harry's hand tightened at the base of his cock. Lightening burst through his brain. He rocked his hips forward as he felt heat pool at the bottom of his stomach and Harry took him in further, accommodating the movement. Draco could now hear himself panting and moaning and begging to his rival. "Potter, oh merlin….please…oh fuck… you need to-" It was too late. This was all too much. He rocked his hips faster as he began to come. Harry used his spare hand to still his hips as Draco's knees began to shake. Once these tremors settled, Harry lazily kissed up the blonde boy's body making sure to nip hard enough to leave bruises when he got to Draco's neck. He left a hard kiss on Draco's lips, then pressed their foreheads together, gazing into his blue eyes. He let out a low chuckle at the look of bemusement of Draco's face. "I wish we had done that a lot sooner." Draco whispered, all barriers and guards torn down by the sharing of an intimate moment. A large grin spread across Harry's face. "Don't want me to go anymore then." He teased, nipping playfully at Draco's lips. His cock was still painfully hard as he pressed it suggestively against Draco's leg. "Fuck off." Draco scoffed pulling up his trousers. "I've got more planned for you. You're not going anywhere." Harry smirked as he felt fire burn through him as Draco grabbed his wrist and led him to his bedroom. The next morning, Draco woke with a pounding headache and a dry mouth. His body ached all over as the light that creeped through his bedroom window strung as it hit his eyes. Memories quickly flashed through his brain reminding him of the unforgettable night he had spent with his rival. The man he had once hated. The man who saved his life. The man that had now given him the best sexual experience of his life. He felt himself get hard again as his brain processed images of sweaty bodies writhing together on his sheets, throaty moans and sighs echoing around the room and rough movements turning to slow, sensual ones as the night drew to a close. With a half-embarrassed smile on his face, Draco reached around the sheets on his bed to touch his new lover. He furrowed his brows and suddenly sat up as he found Harry was gone and only a crumpled piece of paper replaced him. Draco rubbed his eyes and cleared his throat as he began to read through the note. The writing was rushed and messy. Malfoy, Last night was a fucking mistake. I was drunk, you were easy. This doesn't have to fucking mean anything. How could you do this? Do not tell anyone. If you do I will find out and I will use an unforgiveable on you. I'll say you attacked me. Who would they believe? You know who. I have to fucking get married tomorrow. Don't try to contact me. Don't. This means nothing. As this is my first story, all reviews would be appreciated! Good reviews and constructive criticism would be nice so I can learn to write better The plan (swimming around my brain) is to maybe do a series of one-shots? That all go together and follow Harry and Draco's relationship over time? Oh I don't know, haha! Thanks for reading y'all.