"Holy Mother of Merlin, Granger," he whispered. He opened his silver eyes and stared up at her as she was on top of him. "You're not going back up there tonight," he told her. "I want you with me." Hermione was still far too drunk to disagree with him. He grabbed her head with both of his hands and pulled her into a searing kiss, forcing his tongue into her mouth where he could still taste his own semen on her tongue, but that didn't matter to the Pureblood. He could devour her at this moment and not even care. He sat up, making her sit on his lap, and glanced about the room. People were still staring at the couple, shocked by what they had witnessed. Honestly, he was a bit surprised himself. A bit of snogging he had expected, but that… He would have to remember to get Crabbe a present. He looked up at the girl and could see her eyes were still heavily cloudy. He frowned at this and glanced at Parkinson. "Did you take note of how much she drank?" he asked the ever observant witch. Parkinson shrugged. "Might've, but my boyfriend's still a ferret, so…" "Right!" he said as he pulled out his want. "Pucey," he called and saw a small nose peeking out from under a chair. Draco waved at the person sitting on the chair and said, "Move out of the way." The moment the kid moved, Draco waved his wand and muttered the countercurse. A very naked Pucey appeared before them all looking both angrily and fearful at Draco. He covered his manhood and ran out of the room. The blond wizard looked expectantly at Parkinson. "The glass refilled itself three times, Draco," she told him. "The girl's a real light weight." Draco nodded as Granger rested her head on his shoulder. Glancing down at her, he slipped an arm under her knees and supported her back as he slowly stood up. He held her in this bridal pose, feeling her breathing begin to even out. "I'm taking her to my room," he told the other Slytherin's. "No one is to go in there until I say." Draco lay her on his sheets of emerald satin and began the process of getting her ready for bed. He started with her shoes, taking care with the pointed heels. Then he lifted her up a bit and unbuttoned her dress. It was then he realized that he didn't have any clothes for her. However, knowing the Slytherin girls would go apeshite if he asked them to borrow a pair of their pyjamas, he gently placed her back on his bed and went to his wardrobe. There, he pulled out his own pyjamas. He quickly undressed and slipped the pyjama trousers on before grabbed the shirt and returning to the sleeping girl. He carefully peeled the dress off of her, not wanting to wake her. His eyes widened slightly when his thoughts were confirmed. She hadn't been wearing a bra. He took a moment and just stared at her breasts, enjoying the perfect curve of them and the small buds that hardened in the cool air. He longed to bend down and taste one of them, but molesting a sleeping, inebriated Granger wasn't going to convince her to make this little tryst permanent. And he wanted it to be permanent. After what had just happened and tasting her lips, he had no desire to ever let her go. He knew his parents were going to be pissed, but he wasn't concerned about that. This girl was his and would be his for as long as he lived. He gently coaxed her arms through the shirt and pushed her head through it. He pulled the bedsheets down and gently tucked her underneath them. Knowing he would have to let the boys in, he left for just a moment to inform them that everything was fine. "She's not coming back to Gryffindor Tower tonight, is she?" Weaslette asked solemnly. Draco shook his head. "She's too intoxicated," he explained. "But she'll be fine. She's fast asleep on my bed as we speak." The girl narrowed her eyes at him. "You're not planning on taking advantage of her, are you?" He held his hands up in surrender. "Easy, Ginger," he said. "Trust me, when Granger and I finally do have sex, I want her well aware." "What are you going to do?" she asked. "For now," he told her, "I'm going to sleep. In the morning, I will take care of her hangover and help her get back up to her Tower without any of the teachers noticing." "You said 'when'. You plan on having sex with her," she pointed out. He nodded. "I do," he admitted. "But it will be when she wants it, too. I plan on keeping her, Ginger. She's better off with me anyway and you know it." "My name's Ginny, not Ginger," she corrected. Then she sighed. "Just… All I ask is that you don't hurt her. She's been through enough pain with my brother to last her a lifetime. She doesn't need more added to it." He inclined his head and placed his hand over his heart. "You have my word." When Draco returned to the dormitory, he took a moment to enjoy the sight of the girl lying there in his bed. He took a deep breath and stretched his arms and legs before climbing into the bed himself, slithering under the covers. He pulled her to him, making sure she was lying on her side and spooning her to prevent the girl from rolling onto her back. The last thing he wanted was for her to vomit and then choke on it. He kissed her hair and sighed as his eyes fluttered shut. He didn't even hear the other boys come into the room and ready themselves for bed. Author's Note: Constructive criticism and positive reviews are always welcomed. :)