released and despite his appearance and entrance Harry could not help but feel this giant would not hurt him. "Excuse me but, who are you?" His voice came out an octave higher than he would have liked but he kept looking at the stranger as if he hadn't. The giant chuckled. "You are right, where be my manners. You probably don't remember me since you were just a toddler. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts, but yeh'll know all about Hogwarts I reckon" "Er – no," said Harry, "sorry". "What yeh mean no? Didn't you ever wonder where your parents learnt it all?" Hagrid stared at Harry with a shocked looked on his face. "He doesn't, and I had hoped he never would. Bunch of freaks in that infernal place!" Harry jumped in surprise and stared at his Aunt. He had not expected her to talk at that moment and definitely didn't expect her to say something like that. Did he hear her right? She knew this Hogwarts place? "Aunt Petunia?" he said tentatively – "do you know what he is talking about?" Petunia Dursley stood with her arms crossed, staring at the invader as she spoke with a defiant look. "Of course I do. How could I not. The place my sister disappeared to for most of the year, coming back home the favorite, so talented and – special " The last word said with venomous emphasis. "I was the only one who saw her for what she was, a freak. A selfish freak that thought she was too good to help her own mother. And I knew when you were left at our doorstep you would be just as abnormal as she and your good for nothing father were". Hagrid looked at her, his eyes no longer smiling. His voice boomed all across the little house and made the railings on the stairs rattle. "YOU WILL NOT TALK ABOUT HARRY'S PARENTS THAT WAY! THE POTTERS GAVE THEIR LIFE FOR THE CAUSE AND THEIR FAME IS AS DESERVED AS HARRY'S IN OU WORLD – OF WHICH YEH KNO' NOTHIN' ABOUT!" "Our world? What world? And what do you mean my parents gave their life? I thought they died in a car crash? What do you mean famous?" Harry could barely hear himself since his ears were ringing from the giant's outburst so close to where he was standing. "A car cra-?" Hagrid let out a sigh. He had not expected this. "I guess it be easier if aye just say it. Harry – yer a wizard" There was silence now. The simple claim said by this giant of a man was so incredible that it had difficulty being processed by the family residing in #4 Privet Drive. A wizard? Did he hear correctly? It couldn't be? But then again, Harry could not help but start thinking about all the unexplained things growing up, and somehow, deep in his heart in that instant he just knew it was true. "A wizard…" he said in barely a whisper. "Blimey Harry, that explains so much, like the serpent at the zoo! I can't believe it! Why didn't you say anything befo-" Dudley stopped talking abruptly once he saw his mother's ire directed at him. "Well, yeh don look like you got to read your letter yet. Hold on, I've gottit here somewhere" Hagrid looked in all pockets in his heavy coat (and there were a LOT of pockets) before finally finding an envelope in one of them. "Here yeh are Harry" The envelope felt heavy when he grabbed it. He saw the emblem stamped on the envelope with wax and the same few words he had managed to read earlier from the other envelope. Mr H. Potter The smallest room 4 Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey Harry opened his envelope and started reading. It was a letter welcoming him to the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and a list of books he would need (a lot of the titles seemed very weird and he wondered if they were even real as he had not seen any titles like that at the library before). He had no words and simply started putting the parchment back into the envelope when he realized there was another envelope stuck to the back of his. He had not noticed before in his shock of learning he was a wizard, but now that he saw it, he carefully separated it (the wax had been pressed against the other envelope and stuck that way – Hagrid must have sat on them at some point). What he saw in that second envelope surprised him, but not as much as it had his Aunt. She was as pale as a ghost, a look of terror covering her features. "No. No. No no no no no. This can't be. It can't be true. Anything but this" As she mumbled this, Harry grabbed the envelope and slowly handed it to the person addressed in it. He could not believe it either, certainly this must mean…well, it could only mean one thing. "It's for you" he said, looking down at the writing once again, as if to make sure he had read the right thing. But there was no mistaking it. Mr D. Dursley The biggest room 4 Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey A/N As the description mentions, this is my first attempt at writing a story. I would love some feedback. I have a broad idea of where I want to take the story in the long run, but whether I write past a handful of chapters I guess will depend on how strong I feel my writing is after a while. Please leave a review :) I am still trying to figure out the formatting on this site. I edit the original document yet it seems it reformats spacing and the likes by itself anyway so bear with me until I figure it out. Thanks for your patience.