of her favorite cousins and she had slightly idolized him. Although he had technically only had become family three years ago when he married Victoire, Rose had always thought of him as her cousin. Rose was so glad that Teddy and Vic would be at Hogwarts; although she didn't believe Albus and Lily when they said she would not be able to find anyone her own age, having part of her family at Hogwarts reassured her. Rose then ordered Teddy to help her start unpacking, as her trunk was filled to the brim. However, Teddy turned out to be more of a hindrance than a help as he continued to put Rose's clothes in the wrong drawer and mess up her organizational schema. After a few minutes, Rose gave up and flopped onto her bed next to Teddy. "Now, Teddy. Albus and Lily were feeding me all this nonsense that since I'll be here all year I'm not going to be able to meet people my own age. Is that true? Even if it is, can you tell them that they're being ridiculous?" "Well, I have to admit there really aren't that many people here that you would want to regularly grab a drink with. Thankfully I've had Vic so it's made it easier for me," he said. "Ahh, yes. I'm sure being married does help. But it's not my fault that I'm the youngest professor Hogwarts has had in quite some time!" she exclaimed, laughing at her dramatic statement. "Well, you might not exactly be the only new young professor," Teddy whispered, hoping Rose wouldn't hear him. Rose was instantly confused. She had thought that she was the only new professor for this upcoming term. However, Teddy obviously knew something and was hiding it from her. That was extremely odd since Teddy was a horrible secret keeper and practically spilled his guts anytime he saw Rose. "Teddy. Tell me," Rose said while glaring at him. Teddy's hair turned yellow, and Rose knew that this meant he was nervous. "Nope. I'm not going to be the one to tell you this. You'll have to see it for yourself." Noticing Rose would get the information out of him soon, Teddy jumped up from the bed and ran to the doorway. "I think I'm just gonna go, but I'll see you in a bit for dinner. Uh, bye!" he said before taking off. Rose knew it was no use to try and catch him; he would be gone already. Instead of continuing to unpack, Rose laid on her bed and thought about what Teddy had said. When she finally admitted defeat and realized she could not figure it out on her own, she set off towards the Great Hall. Maybe this other new professor would be there already and her brain would stop turning. Putting on her grey jumper, as the hallways were quite cold, Rose left. Thankfully the Great Hall, and by extension the kitchens, were not too far from her. This meant that Rose could grab food quickly whenever she wanted. And Rose had a chocolate fix she never could seem to get over. The kitchens would definitely become her new sanctuary. As Rose entered the Great Hall, her eyes scanned the table for anyone she didn't know. She was still insanely curious about Teddy's comment and wanted to immediately solve the mystery. Many of the professors from her school days were still there, and Rose was looking for the anomaly. She instantly froze as she saw the person sitting next to her Uncle Neville. Rose could not tear her eyes away from him, nor could she move her feet. The one person Rose convinced herself that she would never have to see again, and yet he was here. He had noticed her as well, and yet he remained calm, drawing his gaze away after a moment and focusing back on his food. It was if, to him, nothing was wrong, and yet to Rose it seemed that the world was on fire. Since she found herself unable to look away, she studied him, looking for any differences since they had last seen each other. His platinum hair was now an inch or so shorter than Rose had remembered, but other than that he looked the same. Granted he was a few years older, but so was she. Before a few moments had passed, Uncle Neville called out to her. "Rose, come here! There is an open seat next to me." Suddenly her legs started to work again and she found herself in the spot next to Uncle Neville. Rose thought she had to be dreaming; there was no was he was here. Yes, this must be a nightmare and she would wake up any moment and this would all be over. She subtly pinched her arm, willing herself to wake up. When that did nothing she mentally cursed. So she was awake. This was no nightmare, it was real life. "Rose, you're familiar with Scorpius Malfoy, our new ancient runes professor, right?" Neville asked, trying to involve her in the conversation. She nodded and pretended to smile, unable to form words. Scorpius Malfoy, her ex-boyfriend and the only man that had broken her heart, was here at Hogwarts. As a professor. Oh Merlin, this is going to be interesting. So that's it for the first chapter. Really this is more of an introduction, because all other chapters will have a lot more of Scorpius in them. However, the entire story will be third person, focusing on Rose's POV, so we won't really know what Scorpius is thinking until it is revealed to Rose. I'm rating this story T, but as the chapters progress, if anyone thinks it needs to be M just let me know and I will change it. Thanks and please review, favorite, and follow! I promise all other chapters will be MUCH more interesting since they'll have Rose/Scorpius interaction. Because that is always the best part.