His interjection drew looks from the older members of their party. They didn't expect commands from someone so young. "Lupin, answer his questions. Moody and I will check the perimeter." Moody looked as if he wanted to say something in return, but instead headed out the back door with Chey. "I got a tip from Muskrat," Chey said once they were out of earshot from the others. "Ah, so that's why you're late." "They're moving to block the appointment." "They can't." "New rules in the works that say they get to approve new staff appointments. It's got backing from most of the governors." "Three guesses who rounded them up." Chey glanced through the windows into the house to see the rest of the group still milling in the kitchen. "We're on a deadline, people!" he called to them. He watched them long enough to see they got back into action, with Tonks following Harry upstairs to collect his belongings. "Either way, looks like the Old Man will have a hard time getting someone he likes." "Fudge would have reason to reject bloody everyone on the short list." "Including you and me." "What makes you think I'd go back?" "You took the job last year for a reason." "Favor to an old friend that's been used up. I'm better use at the front, anyway." "Fair enough. Though I gotta wonder why I was on that list." "Same reason we're here tonight: familiar face." "I don't know if that would be enough," Chey said, leaning against the wall behind which their Specter contact was hiding. "And if I was him, I wouldn't put distance between me and the contacts I've made. They'll get nervous if I drop off the grid." "On that subject," Moody inquired, "how's Muskrat fare?" "He feels isolated. I don't blame him." "Eh. I never envied the men who went undercover. Too many lies to keep straight, the chance someone might find you out. And Occlumency's nothing in a fight." "The point is to keep him out of the fight. He's pretty well-placed, after the alienation from his family last year. All he's gotta do is bury himself in his work and no one will look twice." "Long as he knows the risk," Moody dismissed. "We made it clear." "He's a boy." "So he'll learn." "War is a time for knowing, not learning." "Thought that was why we kept old guys like you around?" "Only works if you whelps will listen." "You can't deny there's at least a touch of comedy in the arrogance of youth," Chey countered. "And didn't the old man say mirth was one of our weapons in this war?" He knocked on the fence behind him, "Stinger, how do we look?" "We're solid, Coyote," the faceless Ghost answered. "Got it. Give us two minutes." To Moody, he said, "Let's get them out of that house before they're completely mesmerized by the blender." "Distracted by Muggle trinkets," Moody grumbled. "The Auror contingent's gone to shit." "Hey, man, sometimes magic just can't purée a bisque like a rotating blade. Even the kitchens at Beauxbatons knew this." Chey watched as Moody hobbled back into the house. Harry returned to the group, whereupon Lupin took a moment to explain that they were leaving a note for Harry's family. Given what Harry had said about his family, Chey doubted they would take much notice of his disappearance, let alone the note. Moody then beckoned Harry forward and rapped him on the head with his wand. Harry's skin and clothes then took on the appearance of the walls and appliances behind him. Moody had used a Disillusionment Charm, a kind of active camouflage for living things. As a practitioner of the Illusionary Arts, the charm was never on Chey's radar. But with his refocused approach to magic, perhaps it would be worth a look... "Got any news from Panther?" Chey asked the Specter behind the fence. "Negative," Stinger answered. "We're just here for overwatch." "Sorry you had to spend all day on it." "Part of the job, Coyote. But it's a little weird for us how uneventful today's been." "Must be a suburb thing." "You never know, kid. One time we found a whole militia in someone's basement just outside Boston." "Maybe next time," Chey offered. "I got a pair of old knees that are happy to relax for once. You have a safe flight, Coyote." Moody led their party, including the disillusioned Harry into the back yard, brooms in hand. "Clear night," Moody grunted, his odd eye sweeping the sky as ever. "Could've done with a bit more cloud cover. Right, Potter, we're going to be flying in close formation. Tonks'll be right in front of you, keep close on her tail. Lupin'll be covering you from below, McGonagall's on your right, I'm going to be behind you. The rest'll be circling us. We don't break ranks for anything, got me? If one of us is killed–" "Is that likely?" Harry asked suddenly. "–the others keep flying, don't stop, don't break ranks," Moody continued. "If they take out all of us and you survive Harry, the rear guard are standing by to take over; keep flying east and they'll join you." "Stop being so cheerful, Mad-Eye, he'll think we're not taking this seriously," Tonks said as she strapped Harry's trunk and bird cage to a harness hanging from her broom. "I'm just telling the boy the plan," the marred auror growled. "Our job's to deliver him safely to headquarters and if we die in the attempt–" "No one's dying today," Chey interrupted. "The air is clear, so even if there is an attack, I'll feel them coming a mile away." "Everyone get ready," Lupin said, looking toward the fence, whereupon a red light shone through the slats. As they all mounted their brooms, Chey could feel a sense of excitement from Harry, like a dog anxious to be let off the leash. A moment later, the red light became green.