Dumbledore's politics because they knew they weren't on the same side. "Sorry," Harry murmured. "It's alright Harry, I know it, I'm not stupid. But we care for you, we don't want you to get hurt. I would have recommended to leave town, but where could you go? Please Harry we just want you to be safe. And the world isn't safe, especially if you have no one there to protect you! Could you not at least consider to meet this new lord?" Remus looked at him with puppy eyes. Damn him! "I can protect myself," Harry snapped . "I don't doubt that stupid! But there's more to life than sit around alone inventing new traps to keep out intruders!" "Well I never knew another life!" Harry shot back. "Why do you think we want to show it to you so desperately?" Remus cried . It hurt to see him so sad. Harry sighed. "Look I'm just not a person who follows others. I just don't trust them enough like you do with Dumbledore." Remus smiled sadly. "That's because everyone is an idiot compared to you. No one trusts someone who is stupid in their eyes." Harry couldn't help but return his smile. "Was that a compliment or an insult?" "I heard this new lord is exceptionally intelligent…" Remus began innocently. "Oh for Christs sake Remus! I've never met a person more stubborn than you!" Harry laughed . "You should meet yourself then," Remus retorted grimly, "I'm nothing compared to you ." "Fine whatever! You win! How do I meet this marvellous lord?" he asked, just to make Remus stop nagging him. Remus face lit up with excitement. "I heard he holds something like a party in the local inn tonight. Apparently he'll invite anyone he wants in his group." "There you go, maybe he won't even invite me," Harry said, trying not to sound too hopeful and failing miserably. "I seriously doubt that. And if he doesn't, then he's not clever at all and doesn't deserve our little Harry," teased Remus. "I'm not that small!" protested Harry, but Remus just laughed at him and walked to the door. He turned to him with pleading eyes. "Just promise me you'll go." "If it makes you that happy..." "It does." "Fine, I promise." Remus beamed at him and walked out. Harry turned away from the counter - still no sign of the knife - and wondered how he would get invited if the new group didn't even know him. Oh well, if he didn't get an invitation all the better; he could use the evening to mix the new paint for another knife. At 10 o'clock in the evening, he decided that he would indeed not get invited. He really didn't mind, but he couldn't help but wonder why. It wasn't unusual to scout members of other groups, hoping they would change their alliance, but nonmembers were far easier to get to join. And as far as Harry knew, he was one of the last nonmembers in town. But whatever, he had promised Remus to go if he got invited, so he still would be able to keep his promise. He closed the shop and went to bed. . . He awoke with a start. Something had exploded. He heard violent cursing and screaming. There had to be at least three people in his hall. He got up quickly and headed for the commotion. He was armed, but he didn't think they wanted to harm him. No one ever attacked him, who the hell were they? Sure enough one man lie on the floor; his face twisted in pain, his left leg separated from his body, blood pooling from the wound. Three others kneeled beside him, cursing. "What the fuck was that?" yelled one. "A small portable mine I'd say. But it shouldn't have been on the floor, did he touch the shelves?" Harry asked cooly. "Who are you? Did you put that there you bastard?! Just wait 'till I get my hands on you!" yelled another, his face an angry grimace. The injured man was obviously their friend. Harry felt bad for the man - a cripple would not survive long. It was true that most of his inventions were rather harmful, but Harry had always valued people's lives. "I suggest you wait with that until after he's been to a doctor" Harry replied calmly. Damn, why couldn't they keep their hands to themselves! He hated it when someone got injured out of pure stupidity. They looked angry, but more so desperate and the man wouldn't live if they didn't stop the blood flow soon. He wasn't really concerned that they were going to hurt him. As far as he could tell no one wanted him dead, he was way more useful alive when his brain was still working. And they hadn't even moved towards him,despite their threats. Harry set down his flash gun in favour of pulling a few bandages out of one shelf. Nothing much, but it was a start. Just when he began to walk towards the injured man, someone grabbed him from behind and roughly pulled something over his head. Harry cursed and began to kick. He couldn't see anything and his flash gun was somewhere in the next shelf. Brilliant. 'How stupid can they be?' Harry thought furiously. They've seen he wanted to help them, what the hell could be more important than their friend? "Harry Potter I assume?" came an even voice from behind, "you're coming with us." The fourth man obviously didn't care for the injured man as the others did. Harry wanted to tell them that their friend was going die if they didn't let him help, but something hit his head hard and he blacked out. . A/N: I know nothing has really happened yet but if you could drop a little thought on the basic idea that would be nice :) This is my first fanfiction ever so...please don't kill me?