existed a person named Lily, who had a friend so loyal and loved her so fiercely, that even in her death he honoured her till his own. That he dedicated his life to protecting the son she had. Bore the burden of his duties so that her legacy may be protected." Harry smiled, the first sincere smile he had ever given his potions professor. "That at the end of it all, she forgave him for the mistakes he made in his life." "Forgive me? Lily?" Snape shook his head. "The dead cannot even speak. How could they forgive?" "But professor." Harry said with a nervous grin. "You're speaking right now." Snape stared for a moment, understanding dawning on his keen mind. His eyes widened and breath caught. "Sir, there's someone who wishes to see you." And Harry turned the stone once more. A hush fell over the room. Without turning Harry knew who was beside him. It was as if the had world disappeared within Snape's eyes, reduced to the single person standing before him. "Lily…" He gasped. She stepped forward, turning slightly to cast a smile to her son. She had wanted this too, Harry had ensured to ask. "Severus…" It had been so long since that voice called his name. Snape stumbled a step backwards, his eyes wide with surprise, longing and regret. Such bitter regret. "Severus." She called again. Stepping forward, closing their distance. "Severus. Sev." At the sound of his childhood nickname the professor froze in place, allowing the beautiful spectre to reach him. Unwittingly he lifted his hand, as if he wanted to touch her but didn't dare. Lily reached out and took it in her own, and in that moment it appeared as if all the burdens of his life lifted from the professor's eyes. She laughed, a crystal clear sound. "Look at those lines. Under your eyes. Between your brows. You frown too much you know that Sev?" He did not answer her. It was all he could do to keep breathing, a futile action in his current form. "You look so much older than I remember." Her eyes grew sad. "But still too young." Sorrow returned to Snape's eyes. "But older than you…" He whispered. She smiled and grasped his hand firmly. "I don't blame you." "But I do!" Voice cracking his eyes misted over. It was all he could do to stop the tears from flowing freely. Green eyes searched dark ones as Lily held his hand. "Whatever burden of blame you carried you have more than made up for." She indicated with a smile to the young man standing silently out of the way. "My son is alive because of you." He acknowledged Harry with a glance and answered her with an admission. "I did it for you." "And you did it because there was good in you Severus." She smiled her brilliant smile. "There was good all along and I am sorry too. I'm sorry I couldn't see it." She grasped his hand firmly. "I'm sorry I gave up on you so easily." And with that the years of carefully laid self-control, the chains upon his heart fell away. Tears streamed freely from his face as it was all Snape could do to grasp her hand and gasp for unneeded breath. Lily pulled him into an embrace. Decades of loneliness and regret, a six year friendship that had been broken by unkind words and wilful pride, washed over them and dissipated like a hex that lingered for far too long. "I forgive you Severus, so please forgive me too." "There's nothing to forgive." He choked out. Words they could not say to each other in life, words that came too late, and had it not been for magic and kindness and fate, words that would have never been said. Their embrace lasted till the magic that brought them there ebbed away and they both began to fade. "Rest well Severus." Lily said with a smile. "Thank you. And be at peace." With that she disappeared, her smile and words would linger ever on. The translucent spectre of Snape stood alone in the room, yet for the first time since Harry had ever known him he smiled freely. He seemed like another man entirely. "Professor Snape. Before you go I wanted to apologise to you too." Harry called out to the fading spirit. "I'm sorry I didn't trust you when all my life you did what you could to protect me." Barely visible Snape smiled a smile that Harry was unsure was for him. "In that too there is nothing to forgive." He faded entirely, his voice was but an echo in the empty chamber. "Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived. Live a good life." The room was silent and empty once more. A surreal moment that Harry could not be entirely sure actually happened. Except, when he looked up to where the portrait of Snape hung, he wore the most peculiar expression. "What on earth? Harry. Is Snape smiling ?!" Those were the first words out of Ron's mouth when Harry opened the door to let his friends back in. Harry shrugged, a smile on his face too. Hermione grinned at the sight whilst Ron wrinkled his nose. "Ugh that looks so wrong. You think the enchantment's malfunctioned?" "He looks better that way." Hermione admonished with a gentle swat at her boyfriend. "What did you do Harry?" "Yeah. We heard you talking but nobody was answering. You sounded off your rocker again." Harry took a deep breath and threw his arms around his two friends, guiding them out of the office towards the stairs. "Well guys, I can't exactly explain. But I think I need to tell you, you and everyone a story. "A story about the bravest man I've ever known…" A/N: Thank you to Author JK Rowling for creating this wonderful universe. RIP Alan Rickman. Thank you for bringing our professor to life. You will be missed.