swing as her laughter soon died down when the other part of her recognized this as apart of her life. She looked between everyone once more before she dipped the quill into the ink and wrote quickly, " A... witch ? " Hermione watched Dumbledore and Dippet exchange a look. "It explains any possibility of why you're here, but not why you can't remember anything aside from your name and age." "Tests have showed no hereditary diseases or head trauma," Pomfrey quickly answered. Hermione saw confusion on the woman's face. The bushy grey eyebrows of Dippet pulled together as he looked up at Dumbledore, who was a full foot taller than him. "Dumbledore?" It was as if a man was asking his friend for advice. The silence in the atmosphere led Pomfrey to push the two men out of the room. "She needs to finish healing," she urged. It had taken Hermione another vial of that light pink potion for her to fall asleep. Her head felt as if it were spinning between the potion's effects and all the questions running through her mind. It led her to restlessness where she'd sleep for an hour, wake up, take some time to fall back to sleep all within an endless cycle. It must have been hours later when Hermione was trying her hardest to fall back to sleep, clearly exhausted, when voices reached her ears. Her eyes opened and she stared up at the high stone ceiling, listening closely. "...she needs to be schooled," said a familiar voice. It must have been Dippet's. "She's a witch." Confusion flooded Hermione. There was that word again, filling her with so many questions. "Indeed. But what do we do about her current situation?" came another voice with concern. This one was female and unfamiliar, but sounded to be just as aged as Dippet's. "The best we can do is wait for her to regain her memories," said Dumbledore. "But what if she doesn't get her memories back, Albus?" asked Dippet with a hysteric sense. He sounded pushy, worried, even stressed. There was silence. "There's no doubt her memories can be restored within time," replied the woman after a while. "But how are we going to teach her six years of schooling, Professor? How do we know if she's ever been to an institution like this?" "What about tutoring, Dippet?" asked Dumbledore. "Surely that wouldn't hurt," agreed the woman. "She will need to be tutored every single day," said Dippet warily. "Who in Merlin's beard would agree to that?" "I know of someone," Dumbledore quickly said. "Tom Riddle. He's the smartest individual Hogwarts has seen. Surely he would be best to help Hermione." Tom Riddle . Fear flooded her chest again followed with even more questions. The name was familiar, and she had no clue as to how or why. The wing was silent now and Hermione had drifted back into her restless sleep. Hermione's eyes opened when she could no longer sleep. Out of instinct she sat up, followed with a widening of her eyes. I sat up on my own . She wasn't paralyzed anymore – she was healed. To test just how far her healing had really went, she spoke. "Hello?" she croaked. Her voice was weak and scratchy, but it was there , no longer a mangled whisper. Suddenly, the sound of heels clicking against the stone flooring filled Hermione's ears and Pomfrey turned up, coming into view. "Miss Granger, you're up and well, thank goodness!" she said with an excited smile. Hermione stifled a relieved smile. "How are you feeling dear?" She asked as she put her hands on her hips and stood at the foot of the bed. "Sore, but all in all, fine," Hermione answered honestly. The only thing sore about her was her stiff neck and everything about her back and spine. Her legs felt cramped and she knew a long walk was needed. "Do you want to try walking, dear?" Pomfrey soon asked kindly. "Yes," Hermione quickly answered with a smile as she grabbed the blanket that had been on top of her, pushing it to the foot of the bed with her feet gently. She swung her legs around until her socked feet touched the cold surface of the stone floor, looking down at herself and eying her clothes. A worn navy blue jumper over a faded pastel pink tee shirt with thick black leggings. She pushed herself to her feet, finding it a bit hard to keep herself from being so wobbly. Other than that, she was able to stand with ease. Pomfrey held out a hand and Hermione took it to keep herself steady. With ease, she took a few steps forward, regaining full feeling in her legs. "You're able to walk, wondrous!" Pomfrey cheered as Hermione took a few more steps away from the bed and towards the middle aisle of the wing. Just then, Dumbledore came walking through the opened double doors at the end of the wing. He wore a small smile, his eyes on Hermione. It was almost as if he knew she had awoken. How? "You've healed, I see?" he asked when he finally reached Hermione. Hermione let go of Pomfrey's hand after she found her balance and nodded her head. "Do any of you know what happened to me?" she asked the moment available. Dumbledore and Pomfrey exchanged a look before Pomfrey spoke for Dumbledore. "One of the Prefects had found you barely alive and brought you here. Your vocal and spinal chords were torn, somewhat mangled, nearly beyond repair. But given the correct potions and well-needed rest, you're perfectly fine again." "Who found me?" Hermione murmured. "A boy named Tom Riddle. You'll be meeting him later," said Dumbledore. "So you see, you're all in good shape." Pomfrey put her hand to Hermione's shoulder for a moment, giving off a warm and genuine smile. "Except my memories," Hermione added softly. Pomfrey's warm smile faltered. "Except your memories."