would forget all about them, completely blocking everything out except the music. He went up to the judges and McGonagall handed him the hat. He stuck his hand into it and grasped one of the paper slips. He gave the hat back, opened the paper and read it. And paused. "Mr Potter, please read your designated scene out loud," stated Snape monotonous. Harry checked his paper again. Twice. "Act 5," he read slowly. "Scene 11: The possession." The people in the audience literally snapped to attention. It was a Voldemort scene. In fact, it was all about the Hero slowly being possessed by Voldemort, becoming him, fighting an agonizing internal conflict. If Harry had wanted the part, he would have cried in dismay upon reading his lot. The possession was after the final battle in act 7 the most demanding scene for the hero. But as it was, Harry's heart jumped with delight. It was one of his favourite scenes. It would start out with a bit of fighting with Death Eaters and a small part with the Headmaster before becoming a duet between the two nemeses. He would dance with Tom Riddle. He couldn't wait. Harry took his position in the middle of the stage, where already a few Hogwarts students had appeared. The music began. The students attacked. Harry evaded, dancing like a leaf in the wind, twirling amongst the Death Eaters. Sometimes one managed to grab him, throwing him high up in the air. They were brilliant dancers. Harry didn't have to worry about anything except his dancing, whenever a position required a Death Eater, one of them was there, ready to assist him. The music changed to something less dramatic and Harry fled from the fight. The Death Eaters disappeared and Harry met the Headmaster. They did a bit of synchronized dancing before the music abruptly stopped, leaving the two dancers hanging awkwardly and alert on the stage. The music slowly picked up. Something dark was coming. An attack out of nothing, the Headmaster jumped in front of Harry to shield him, but the assault flung him away, off stage. Harry only caught a glimpse of Tom before the dancer was already there, pushing him down violently. Harry rolled quickly to his feet leaping away from Voldemort. But his nemesis was everywhere, allowing him no escape. Harry jumped and ducked and leapt, twirled and spun, even attacked him once, but Voldemort was merciless. Harry could feel his adrenaline kicking in and small drops of sweat began to form on his forehead. And then Tom - Voldemort? - started circling him, drawing closer, tightening his control. He forced Harry to synchronize with him, setting a hellish pace to keep up. Normal synchronized dancing was relatively easy, as long as you practiced endlessly with your partner. It was much harder to imitate, to become your partner. It required you to analyse his dancing style, to know the person behind the dancing. This meant it was practically impossible to get it right. Harry soon realized another problem. Tom's dancing style was the complete opposite of his. His technique was flawless, all his movements executed in perfect control, his feet firmly on the ground. Harry was floating, his body moving in wild, barely controlled, energetic motions. For an untrained dancer to imitate Hogwarts top student bordered on the impossible. Still, the more Harry concentrated on Voldemort's dancing, the more he lost himself in it. He didn't know if the change was big enough for the audience to see, but it certainly felt as if he was slowly brought down to earth, suddenly aware of the control over his muscles, his body forced to use the proper technique. He lost himself completely when his mind seemingly let go of the concept that was Harry Potter. The other dancer wasn't a separate person anymore, he was just another part of him. He barely registered when Voldemort made his final attack, shoving him to the ground. Harry let himself fall…and was caught by his - no, the Hero's - friends. They gently pulled him to his feet, smiling and laughing, dancing around him. He yearned to stay with them, to remember who he was, but they nudged him back into Voldemort's clutches. He broke free of the oppressing techniques and let the energy flow back into his movements. He remembered how to breathe again. As he forced Voldemort back with his turns, a smile broke out on his face. He was free. He did a final jump that brought him right in front of Voldemort and the Hero stared his nemesis fearlessly in the face. The scene ended. He wasn't sure how long he stood there, breathing hard. The first thing he noticed was deafening silence. He blinked a few times, realizing that Tom's face was only inches away from his. The student's eyes were slightly unfocused, telling Harry that he as well had been completely entranced by the story. Harry clumsily took a few steps back. His body felt oddly heavy now that the music was silent. He glanced down into the audience and searched for Ron. His best friend was gaping at the stage, but a big grin split his face as soon as he caught Harry's eyes. He gave him two enthusiastic thumbs up. Lucius Malfoy cleared his throat. "Uhm… Err, yes… Thank you, ah, Mr Potter, that was quite… yes. Ahem, thank you." Harry slightly inclined his head in the judges' direction and made his way off the stage. He had already turned away when suddenly Tom's hand shot out, clutching his wrist painfully and yanked him back. "Ouch, what the..!" Harry exclaimed dumbfounded. Tom stared calmly at the judges who seemed to squirm a bit under his intensity. The student's features were determined and unyielding. He pulled Harry even closer, his grip tightening even further. "I want him." . . A/N: Reviews are much appreciated :). They tell me whether I'm alone with my crazy mind or not...