pointing it forward and not backwards at his own face, he began to frantically shake it, jerk it, and mash his fingers all up and down the handle. "Please!" Sirius gasped. The lead cheetah was fewer than five feet from him. The device began to shake. It was different than the last time. This time there was a god-awful cracking sound and three sequential flashes of bright red jettisoned out of the tip. They struck the oncoming cheetah with deadly precision, singing a hole almost right through its neck. The stench of burned flesh and fur was immediate and strong. The cheetah was blasted backwards into the road where it lay, smoking lightly. It was like magic. The remaining three stopped in their tracks, intensely wary of Sirius's new weapon. He staggered to his feet, joints cracking and palms sweating. The cheetahs began to bark and cry, suddenly terrified of Sirius. They turned tail and fled, a sluggish trail of purplish fluid leaking to the ground from the one that had been hit by Sirius's curse. Sirius clutched at his heart. He was amazed. The creatures knew this weapon and they were scared of it. James had been right. This was all the proof needed to link the mysterious aliens from the sky to the waves of slavering minions down below on the earth. Sirius ran to the edge of the sidewalk and threw himself down, searching for his fallen wand, but it was no use. In the scuffle, his wand had been knocked down the storm drain. Could he maybe borrow a different wand (read: could he steal Regulus's) and accio his own back? Sirius shoved a rock down the drain and heard it strike running water. His wand had surely been swept away it. "Shit," he groaned, clunking his forehead into the slushy snow. This was going to be difficult to explain. A sick crunching sound startled him back upright. He turned around and the sight was appalling. Several of the cheetahs had returned and were now crunching down on their dead brother. Sirius's handsome face twisted in disgust. He brushed as much dirt and grime as he could off his robes and then set off for home, walking unnaturally fast for fear of being besieged again. Sirius's near death experience with the cheetahs had not deterred him from his nighttime activities. By the time he was clambering back up the walls of his ancestral home (grimacing every time he slipped and accidentally kicked a window or storm drain) he was already planning his next escapade. James would be gone for a while, but that was no reason to halt Sirius's fun. He had other friends. The mystery of the ship and the gun was intriguing, fascinating even, but it was not all consuming for Sirius. He had no desire to go back to that wreckage, nor was he of the mindset that the knowledge he had gained was anything that needed to be immediately shared. As he clambered in through the window, his mind was snugly occupied with thoughts of the dance club he and James had drug Remus to month before last, and the pretty people they'd met there. Perhaps Remus needed dragging again; it would be good for him… The upstairs drawing room was frighteningly quiet and still. Sirius had half expected Regulus to be there waiting for him, which was an odd thing to expect because Regulus was so rarely free to roam the house. Sirius crept back into his bedroom. He had to strike a match to light the lamps in the chandelier since he didn't have his wand anymore. He burned his hand doing it. Sirius quickly shucked his wrecked clothing and slipped on something comfortable for sleeping. His bedroom was claustrophobic despite its size, and dark despite the chandelier. From each corner of the ceiling, drying plants hung, waiting to be used in a potion. The skins of lesser monsters he and James had managed to take down were hung across his desk, the back of his chair, and the bars in his closet. A set of Cheetah teeth dangled from the ceiling. His walls were papered with tacked up drawings, pictures and notes, most of them pertaining to the monsters, or the rare bits of technology that Sirius had come across. From the heap of dirty clothes on the floor, Sirius withdrew carefully his new gun, and set it softly on his nightstand next to several bizarre looking knives and a package of very tiny arrows. It certainly was a find, this weapon, if only he had someone to teach him how exactly it worked. Sirius was careful to point it away from his bed, and then he went to sleep. He awoke the next morning to the sound of the breakfast bell, and groaned before rolling over. His head was pounding as a reminder of his adventure last night and for a moment he seriously considered demanding his breakfast be brought to him in bed. He thought better of it though. He was going to have to ask his parents for a new wand today, and come up with a believable excuse for why he lost his original one. He needed them in a good mood for that and being a brat this early in the morning was certainly not a good way to accomplish that. Besides, he had a violin lesson later this morning, if he wasn't mistaken. He opened his eyes and blinked the sleep from them. "Oh, shit! " he yelped, jumping up and scampering to the foot of the bed. The gun on his nightstand was pointing directly at his face, and was considerably closer than it had been the night before. Somebody had moved it. What he shit is this? I truly don't know. Found it lurking in a folder somewhere on my hard drive. So now it's here. I'm probably going to continue it, despite all the good reasons why I shouldn't. Signed/Tenkuroi