her. She struggled to break free from both of the spells, but they were too strong. She thought maybe this would be the end of her life, that she may never see her parents again, or any of her friends. While she was struggling, she didn't notice someone come out of the shadows. Hermione heard a cough as she finally looked up she see the person - was her. Her eyes widened, her heartbeat raced. She couldn't believe she was in front of herself right now. "I know right now in that brain of yours, you are freaking the bloody hell out. But I want you to listen to me. I am you from the future, as I'm sure you've guessed. I went back to this time so I could save the both of us the pain. Harry wins as long as everything goes in order, but I'm not changing anything, except rescuing a few members of the order. You're about to go with Ron to the Chamber, where he's going to kiss you. After the war, he will admit his feelings and court you, but the thing is he isn't for you at all. We get married to Ron, and while you are at work, and at home, he is out gallivanting with different women. You catch him in the act, but you do nothing as you don't want to break the Weasley family apart. He emotionally abuses us, to the point that you are not your happy self anymore. So, in order to not have you be married to Ron, I am telling you this now. I am also going to give you my memories, so you have a better understanding of what could happen and why I'm doing this. You can decide on where to go, but I do hope you make the right decision. I hope you do the right thing, and have I better life than I have." When she was released, she was so shocked that it took a few minutes to shake herself from a stupor. 15 years passed… After Hermione from the future released her she ran to find Ron, and found him at the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets. She was the one that stabbed the basilisk fang into Helga's cup. A couple of days after the battle had ended, she remembered the talk she had with her future self. She looked through the memories in the pensieve, in Headmistress McGonagall's office. Hermione walked through the ruins of Hogwarts and debated on her decision to let Ron go after her, or go after Malfoy. Many lives were spared as, unknown to her, the future Hermione ran around saving her friends from death. She didn't change much of the timeline, but she made sure to save George, Lavender, Remus and Tonks. Hermione awoke the following morning, turned over, got out of bed, and went about her usual morning rituals. When finished, she walked through the house. At each room she had peeked in the doorway: the first was where her daughter Lyra Jean was tucked away in a burrito. The next room held two twin boys, Scorpius and Leo. Scorpius was half on the bed, and the other was on the bed with no blanket. With a flick of her hand, Scorpius was back on the bed along with Leo covered with his blanket. Another room was occupied by Aurora, who was tucked under her blanket, sucking on her thumb. Hermione came up to the last room and looked in to see her last children, a set of triplets. She had gone inside after she noticed one was wide awake, the other two was still asleep. The little girl squealed and raised her arms up as she beckoned to carried when she recognized her mom. With a hushed voice, she sat on the rocking chair near the cribs and pushed her shirt to the side. The little babe snuggled up to mum's warmth as she puckered her lips searching for mummy's milk. "Shh...hold on little one give mama a moment." Once her breast was free, the little girl found the nipple and sucked like she hadn't fed for days. She held on to her mum's finger and stared up at her with all the love and trust of the truly innocent. As she leaned back, she thought of how her life had been in the past years. She was in her early 30s with seven children and her husband, though she had decided it was best to have just four. That conversation didn't go accordingly, as she and her husband had got into a huge fight, which led to coitus, as all of their arguments did. They had forgotten the protection spell, which led to Hermione conceiving, and it was just her luck that she'd wind up with triplets this time around. A scratching noise came from the door. She looked up and watched her husband walk inside. He sat down next to her on the rocking chair and wrapped an arm around her. With a wink and a grin, Draco whispered, "Good morning, gorgeous." Authors Notes I don't want to put in so much details of my personal life on this site, but I do want to add in a few things. Recently where I am from has been on the news the past two weeks dealing with North Korea and United States of America. If you haven't figured it out I'm from the tiny island of Guam. The island of Guam doesn't just hold the military soldiers or their families. There are actually more than meets the eye at the most of 160 thousands are locals and non locals who live on the island. What I am trying to say is that please even if you don't believe in God or what not. Please say a tiny prayer for us citizens of Guam that no bomb comes to us. Thank you, si yu'us maolek lokkue. Biba Guahan! Biba Guahan!