said, bluntly. "Far more than just my men," Gellert answered, running his thumb over the Elder Wand's handle. It was cold as metal, and it hung by his side like a mercenary. "This—Albus Dumbledore," said the advisor. "Why do you not act? You can eliminate him with a single curse." "I know his movements," Gellert said. "Put your fears to rest; I will go and meet him tomorrow evening at Grudziądz, on the banks of the Wisla. There is a pocket of resistance soldiers that he intends to lead." When his advisors left him alone, the Sight jolted through him with one of its apparitions. He sat, pinned to his chair as Albus advanced on him, his hair longer and shot through with grey but still beautiful. Albus did not hesitate as he approached and Gellert felt himself pulled up from where he sat, pulled up by his hair, his head forced backwards to meet Albus's gaze. Cold fingers clamped against the back of his skull, and a colder mouth pressed to his. He felt himself turned to stone, all ability of response robbed from his limbs. How he would have liked to kiss the ghost of Albus back, to rake his hands across Albus's aged face and throw him to the ground, to wrestle once more with Albus, to curse him and be cursed by him. But he remained immobile, his flesh turned to granite, until the next morning, when his advisors found him standing the whole night by his desk, sleepless and paralysed. Cold sweat drenched his scalp. That night, they fought in the buttressed compound of the granaries of Grudziądz and close to midnight, he saw Albus, a tall silhouette at the end of an alley, a twenty-foot wall to his back, duelling three of Gellert's followers. Cornered, or so it seemed. But Gellert knew better. He stepped back and cast a Shield Charm as Albus's curse swept down the length of the alley and all three of Gellert's men folded over. Gellert lit the alley up with light from his wand, so Albus could see him. For a moment, they stood facing the other, transfixed, Gellert's arm held aloft as light spurted upward in steady flares. The stone alley and the space that enclosed them was incandescent. Now that he was facing Albus at last, a heavy paralysis took root in his bones, just like the night before. It was real now. The Wand started in his hand, impatient for blood but he paid no heed to it. "Gellert," Albus said. His voice was a dream resurfacing. A clarion call. "No." "Have you not done enough?" "Not for you, I have not." The old laughter came easily to him. "Then I will do what I was sent to do." "For the greater good, I suppose," Gellert said, bitterly. "You are not as different as you think you are. And you know this." He broke free from his stasis and extinguished the light from the wand. The darkness that fell was sudden, like a blow to the back of the skull. He sent a vicious curse toward Albus, but did not wait to see if it hit its target. Gellert fled. . vii. Nurmengard was the last stronghold, squatting high on the brow of the Carpathians. The prisoners were all dead, killed in one final mass execution, their bodies dropped into the caverns deep in the mountains and then incinerated with Fiendfyre. The gates were sealed and Gellert was alone. Snow fell, the colour and texture of ash. He stood in the inner ward of the fortress and looked up to the skies. Somehow, he felt heat. A rosy warmth grazing his cheeks, before it crawled down his neck and unclasped the cold from his pinched hands. The razor winds turned to feathers on his skin. There was only Albus as Albus had been, all those years ago. Somehow, he had made Albus climb to the top of a large oak. That was where he had hidden a stack of Albus's books, stuck them with a strong Sticking Charm at the back of a squirrel hole so they could not be Summoned easily. "Go on," he told Albus. "I heard you are quite a master in Transfiguration. So change yourself into a squirrel and go fetch your books." And Albus, half-infuriated, half-amused had refused to humour him, and instead pulled himself up branch by painstaking branch. Gellert followed behind, far nimbler than Albus. Until they reached the top, and Albus was still fumbling around, feeling through the leaves and poking at an old nest, searching. Gellert sat with his back to the squirrel hole. "Well," he said, "here we both are. At the top of a tree." "Where are my books please, Gellert?" "I can make you do anything I like, you know." "It feels as though you have gone to a lot of trouble for this prank." "The books are behind me." Gellert flicked his head backward. He smiled at Albus. Albus edged forward. Their knees and thighs brushed against each other. The branch held. As Albus reached past him, Gellert caught his wrist and held him steady. "I can see you so clearly," he said. He brought his lips to the side of Albus's neck and kissed the fluttering pulse. "You are so much clearer up here." In Nurmengard, the blizzard paused. Empty chambers echoed. He sensed the pulling back of his enchantments on the gates. He heard a voice in the wind. He heard his name, a scrap of a word, lacerated by the scalpel-edged mountain air. The Elder Wand thrummed in his hand, readying itself for its new master. In his mind, an Eye opened, bright and clear at last, and all paths melted into one, and it led across the inner ward, to the entrance of the fortress. And accordingly, Gellert followed that inevitable route, and with his own hands flung the gates open to greet Albus Dumbledore once again. . end