she's staying a teacher and some of her work will be dealt with by the Heads of House. I'm Deputy Headmaster as well as a teacher. Heads of House are: Pomona for Hufflepuff, Filius for Ravenclaw, Draco for Slytherin and Charlie for Gryffindor. "As you know this year we'll have the extra students from eighth year. We expect they will be actually harder to deal with than the rest, especially for DADA and Potions. I hope you're as good as Snape in maintaining order, Malfoy." Harry grinned at Malfoy who responded with one of his best smirks. The meeting lasted almost the full day and the next was scheduled for the last week before the term starts. Charlie mingled a little before leaving to find his quarters. The next two months would be spent finish planning lessons for the whole year; at least Minerva let the new teachers off a little and asked for only the first term full planning and an overview of the other terms. Not to mention he still needed plan the activities requested and the plans for Gryffindor. On top of all that, he had to go to the Burrow for the weekend and deal with all the fuss of being back for good. He sighed as he entered his room. Being back at Hogwarts was good but he was actually looking forward to spending some time with Harry, maybe becoming something more. As it was, he would barely have time to breathe, never mind enter a relationship. He had just finished putting his clothes away when he heard knocking on his door- portrait. "Hey, Charlie. Since you ran away from us at the meeting, we came to seek you out." His brother entered grinning and carrying a basket. Harry came in right behind carrying another basket and with an equal mischievous grin. The good thing about being close to Harry was it entitled you to hugs as greetings. Charlie just loved the crushing hug he received from Harry, even if his brother joined them in the middle of it. They sat and served themselves after the hugging session and Charlie decided to lead their talk. "So. A Hogwarts teacher? When were you planning on telling me?" "I thought you already knew I got the DADA position." Harry was making that cute innocent face complete with doe eyes, completely irresistible. Charlie just narrowed his eyes and looked pointedly to his brother. "Give up, Harry. He used to deal with baby dragons. Can't win." "True." He laughed and took another piece of the meat pie moaning his happiness. Charlie deserved a medal for not even being fazed by that, he continued with his look. "Well, to be fair, you also didn't tell me you're going to teach. Leaving that aside, I thought maybe you would want to give the news together tomorrow. What do you think?" Charlie grimaced only thinking about his mother's reaction to them coming back. "Yeah, that would be good. So, what are you two up to?" "I think we're recovering well. The amount of work here helps... Oh, don't tell your family about Draco and I becoming teachers! We want to see everyone's reactions at the welcoming feast. We're even riding the Express!" "Okay, okay. Now calm down. This much excitement is not good for your health." And just with one snort from Harry, they were all on the floor laughing their pants off, figuratively of course. It was quite the night and Harry and Bill slept over at his quarters. In the morning all three flooed to the Burrow and received their share of Weasleys crushing hugs. His mum was beside herself with pride for her two eldest sons, poor Ron was scowling the whole time for having his brothers as teachers. Just before dinner, an unwelcome visitor derailed the good day of the Weasley family. Fleur came asking for a second chance. I think now she knows why he was the one to defeat Voldemort. The worst part of the day, though, was to see the hurt face Bill had. That woman clearly still affected him, he didn't deal with his feelings; he just ignored them. Charlie went out to make him talk about it at least a little. He didn't expect to see Bill and Harry kissing. He should have known from the looks they sent each other and the closeness between them. He just didn't think Harry would settle for being the consolation prize. Charlie loved his brother but it was wrong to use Harry like that, but then again they both looked so happy together the day before... Charlie better leave it be. This was just his jealous heart speaking. He went back inside straight to his room and dreamland where he still had Harry in his arms. Harry wasn't prepared for the kiss. It never passed through his mind that Bill would do that to him. He always thought Bill was straight; he had married a girl. Then again, Harry only got close to him recently; he didn't really know him before. Even if it was unexpected, Harry didn't pull away from it. Something was holding him in place, and it wasn't those awesome and strong hands running up and down his back, nor was it his delicious tongue invading and exploring every nook and cranny of his mouth. To be fair, Harry was also doing his share of mouth explorations, though, his hands were firmly gripping Bill's shirt over his chest. Harry had lost all his air, along with his ability to speak, by the time the kiss ended and their mouths were separated, only the mouths mind you. They were both panting and Harry couldn't do anything but look into those bright sky blue eyes. It was like he was seeing Bill for the first time, the real Bill. How the hell did that woman think it was a good idea cheat and leave all this? "Sorry, I-" And just like that, his world shattered.