there, Hermione. He was being completely honest. I think he…saw me as a worthy opponent or something at the end. He seemed genuinely disappointed that we weren't have a true battle thanks to Snape." Ron and Ginny both shook their heads. "No, mate, it doesn't make sense. I hate the greasy git just like the everyone else, but he had a life debt to you. He couldn't set you up like that." "Sure he could, Ron," Harry said shrugging. "His debt was to my father. From what I understand those things don't just transfer like houses or vaults. Besides, it's not like he was casting the spell himself." "Nobody is that vindictive, Harry." Ginny frowned and turned to stare into the fireplace. "Not even Snape. Hermione and Ron were telling me what happened. He loved your mother right? He was a bastard, but that means something." Hermione leaned back and heaved a heavy sigh. "He loved, Lily Potter. He never compared Harry to her except at the very end. It was always James Potter he saw…I'm sorry, Harry. I'm so sorry ." "Don't be, Hermione. I fell for it too." Harry squeezed her hand back and shot her a small smile. "So how are you all holding up? I'm…I'm sorry about Fred." "At least we didn't lose more family members," Ginny said sniffling and wiping a hand across her eyes. "Ron and I should get back soon. Mum is falling to pieces. She doesn't seem to understand that we're darn lucky compared with others here. Nine people all fighting in the same battle and only one falls? Something or someone was watching over us…" "Yeah, we'll walk back down in a moment, Gin," Ron agreed. "What about you two? You coming?" Harry shrugged. "You go, Ron, Ginny. This is your family. We'll be along later." "Okay, mate. It's good to see you still with us. I'll catch up later, Harry." Ron stood and sent a small sad smile to Harry before walking out of the room with Ginny. Harry settled into the couch and turned to regard the small fire along with Hermione. "Where are we going to go from here, Harry? It's finally over." Harry smiled. "Yeah…yeah, it is. I don't know, Hermione. I was originally thinking about joining the Aurors, but now…I don't know. How much of my life was what I wanted and how much of it was being manipulated by others? Snape, Voldemort…Dumbledore…I don't know what I want anymore." Hermione nodded beside him and laid her head on his shoulder. "You don't have to decide right now where the rest of your life goes, Harry. You're only seventeen." "True," Harry said. He stayed quiet for nearly a minute before sighing and speaking again. "I think for the next few weeks at least, I have a rough plan. First I help you get your parents back home. Then I'm going to be buying a house and fixing it up. Tonks and Andromeda are going to need help with Teddy. Remus he…he didn't make it." "I know. So many didn't. Did you see…did you see Colin?" Hermione asked, a slight hitch evident in her voice. "Yeah," Harry grimaced. "Even more reason to help those who are left behind. What about you, Hermione? After we get your parents are you and Ron going to make a go of it?" Hermione shot him a sad smile and shook her head. "I don't think so, Harry. After he left us on the Hunt…I don't think I can get over that so easily. I know in my head the locket pushed him to extremes, but he still left. I think I'm just going to ask Professor McGonagall if she'll let me come back to finish my seventh year properly and then I'll see from there. How about you and Ginny?" Harry shrugged. "Probably not, honestly. I like her and I care about her, but…Ginny was pretty convinced that fighting Voldemort was what I defined myself as. If she didn't know me well enough after a few months of dating to realize how much I hated that I was forced into that fate…I don't think it would last long term. Better to leave things as they are so we can still stay friends." "That's a very mature attitude, Harry. When did you start to grow up?" Hermione asked arching her eyebrows and smirking at him. "Oh shut it," he responded playfully. "You're not the only one with the market on good ideas you know. Heck, if I'm going to help raise a baby with Tonks of all people, I'm going to have to be the mature one there at minimum!" Hermione snorted and collapsed back into the couch as her chuckling turned into full on laughter. "I can just picture her and her son sitting there glaring at each other as they each make increasingly obnoxious faces in an effort to make the other crack first!" Harry gave a theatrical shudder. "No wonder Remus tried to come with us!" The two chuckled for a time longer before falling into companionable silence. Finally the light started to dim and the fire started to die. "We should probably head downstairs and join the others, Harry." "Yeah. Yeah, we should." Harry stood and stretched before reaching down and helping his friend to her feet. Together both cast a brief final look around the Gryffindor Common Room. "One chapter in our lives is finally over. Onto the next one." With a smile both turned and headed out of the open Portrait Door and onto the next adventure. Thanks to RhyThornbery for his beta assistance on this. Fic Recommendation: "A Child Avenged" by PandasWearGlasses. This is a oneshot crossover with Marvel's Avengers. Right when Bruce goes to pick up the Mind staff in the first movie, Harry apparates in. He...has a very personal beef with Fury. It's very good, and this is from me, the man who tends to dislike crossovers in general and Marvel/DC/HP crossovers in particular.