wooden spoon and carefully sipped from the pot. Her face lit up and she grinned at him. "Harry, this is delicious! I do think just a touch more pepper would push it over into true divinity, but this is simply pure excellence already! It's such a shame that Ronald can't cook. Can you teach him dear?" Harry shook his head. "I offered, but he wasn't interested." "That boy badly needs to learn some work ethic," Molly harrumphed. "Well you could always get him apprenticed to someone for this year to see if they can knock some sense into him a bit." Harry paused and smirked as a prank worthy of his father popped into his head. "I heard that Filch was looking for an assistant." "Really? Hmm…I'll have to ask him then." Harry felt a chill run down his back. He hadn't actually expected Mrs. Weasley to take it seriously. Oh well, as long as Ron never found out who suggested it and let him or Shiva look over any potential contract everything would be fine. Probably. Molly, oblivious to Harry's inner thoughts continued on, "Would you mind terribly sharing the recipe for this by the way, Harry?" "Of course. As long as you're willing to hand over the recipe to your meatloaf. Ron brought a slice in the other day and it was delicious. I've been hunting for a good meatloaf recipe for years now." "Well," Molly said shrugging and nodding towards the stovetop. "It's really all in the amount of peppers and when the peppers are added. You see…" Hedwig flew into the room and alighted on her perch near the main table. She cocked her head to the side as she watched her human speak with the Loud One. Hedwig was not fond of the Loud One…but if the woman was willing to part with better food items for her human, the owl was willing to forgive many slights. She turned her head to the side again, curious to see how this would progress and whether there would be more dishes created utilizing bacon. She twisted to look towards the Rainbow Girl and the Spunky Stone Player. Harry still did not have children. Hedwig was growing increasingly impatient. Perhaps he needed further mates. Ones closer to his own age, but still old enough to bear offspring. Yes…yes, the Rainbow Girl with her multiple faces would do nicely. Spunky Stone Player liked her and she liked Harry. The ever changing hair was entertaining as well, even to the owl. Hedwig had already investigated her several weeks back and she knew that the Rainbow Girl signed quite a bit of paperwork. It would be easy enough to get a contract signed with her. The door to the flat opened and the two Veela females walked in smiling at all of the others present. The younger practically vibrated as she leapt to hug Hedwig's human and started babbling in French. Hedwig wasn't well versed in French yet though she was improving. Coven of seven…more powerful…Mama said I could…send you…contract…turn sixteen…Only next year! Hedwig ruffled her wing and brushed the conversation off. If the younger Veela was already pursuing her own contract then Hedwig would leave her be. It would save the owl some work. Besides the girl was too young to bear Harry children just yet. Now the older Veela on the other hand…Hedwig gave a brief bark of satisfaction as the older girl hugged Harry and kissed him on the cheek. The Spunky Stone Player grinned wide and laughed as the Night Viewer initiated conversation with the older Veela, the Fiery One. The happiness was evident on all three's faces. Yes…yes, that would do nicely. Now Hedwig just need to figure out how to get the Fiery One to sign a contract. And how to get her human to sign two . June 1998 Harry's graduation from Hogwarts was a somewhat quiet affair. Quiet for him at least. He'd managed to avoid getting any of the women in the Coven pregnant before he left school, stopped Hedwig from stealing more of the truly dangerous 'trophies', convinced Dumbledore he could finally retire and calmly answered reporters' questions on why he was looking forward to being a stay-at-home father soon. Hermione was graduating at the top of the class, Daphne placed second and Harry himself had pulled a very respectable third. Shiva, Sin and Sep had promised to reward him heartily for his hard work when they got home; Fleur, Tonks and Luna too at that. How he'd managed to be tricked by his owl yet again two years ago into signing two more contracts he'd never understand. At least the one with Luna this past year had been Septima's fault instead of his. Though now he was faced with hearing Shiva continually complaining about badly needing to find their seventh Coven member before Beltane. He should probably warn her soon that Gabrielle was likely going to set fire to anyone who they tried to induct. The younger Veela's last few notes kept hinting that she had a big surprise for him in a few days and that 'the rest of the Coven should be in attendance as well'. He was well and truly screwed…in almost every fashion of that phrase. At least his had his chef career off to a good start if the Coven members were any indication. Yes, besides his crazy love life, all was going well for Harry Potter. Hedwig glared at her human as he accepted his document to leave school. His six mates were obviously not enough for him. She'd made sure he was intimate with them over three years ago and he still didn't have offspring?! If they didn't have his children soon…she'd have to see about whether that younger Veela female had completed her contract yet so that it could be advanced. Veela were fertile, the older one must just be a bad egg. Harry would have offspring soon. One way or another.