wall. Half past seven. He should go and see Annie soon, try and get something sorted, put them both out of their misery. "I'd offer you tea, but there's no milk," he sighed. "That's okay. I should get back anyway, or James will worry," Lily said. "Look, Sev… let me know how it goes, okay?" Lily waited until he nodded before she vanished through the floo again. He took one of the two glasses down from the cupboard, filled it with water and gulped it down before putting on his shoes. He'd intended to go and see Annie. Somehow, though his steps pulled him away until he stood before the house where she'd grown up, in the nicer end of town. The brick was clear, bright red, cleaned regularly. The ubiquitous rose climbed up the trellis by the front porch; the path was scrubbed clean. The windows sparkled, the curtains neatly tied back. He took a deep breath, opened the gate (it most certainly did not squeak) and walked as confidently up the path as he could muster the guts for. Perhaps… perhaps they'd calmed down, would take Annie back. It was clear that her family meant a lot to her. Lily had been right; she wasn't really ready to manage in the world alone. She'd been so frightened... The doorbell sounded distant, like his head was underwater. A prim woman in a flowered apron answered the door. She had Annie's eyes. "We don't wish to buy anything, thank you," she said, seeing him, and made to shut the door. "Oh, no. I'm not selling anything, Mrs. Brandon," he said. Her name made her stop. "Do I know you?" she asked. "You may not remember me. My name is Severus Snape. I went to primary school with your daughter." She narrowed her eyes. "What's this about?" Severus swallowed hard. He was here now. He was no coward. "I wondered if I could speak to you and your husband about Annie," he replied. So that was how he found himself perching uncomfortable on the edge of a beige sofa, complete with lace antimacassars. He studied a framed embroidery sampler as Mrs. Brandon poured him a cup of tea. Mr Brandon sat in a matching armchair, his legs crossed and his fingers tapping at the velveteen arm. Propriety dictated that he wait until tea was served until he launched in, so he waited until his wife had given both men a full cup, and Severus had taken a polite sip. "So, lad, what's this about?" he demanded. Severus carefully set his cup on the provided lace coaster. "I met Annie yesterday, and she informed me of her… situation," he said carefully. "About the… about the said that you'd indicated she wasn't welcome here any longer." "No daughter of mine is having a child out of wedlock," Mr Brandon said firmly. "So she can find the rouge that tumbled her, and she can marry him, or she can stay well away. And she can stop sending messengers to do her begging for her." Severus tried to pull some kind of moisture into his dry mouth. He tried to swallow, but there was nothing there to force down his parched throat. He screwed up his courage. "It was me," he croaked. Mrs. Brandon gasped, her hand going to her chest. Mr. Brandon was more sanguine. "Humph," he grunted. "Well, young man, you've spoilt her life quite spectacularly. I remember your father lurching down the street, blind drunk and cussing, but I've never heard bad of you. What's your career?" Severus licked his lips. "I'm training to be a doctor, Sir," he replied. Mr. Brandon nodded sagely, he clearly liked the answer. "Religious? I know I don't see you at mass. Are you Anglican, perhaps?" "Not religious, Sir," Severus replied nervously. Why did he feel he was at a job interview? What was this man's objective? "Then you won't object to the child being raised in the Catholic way," Mr. Brandon declared firmly. "You'll have to be baptised, of course, but that can be dealt with in a rush- we'll need to get you married as soon as possible. It's already a bit too late to claim a honeymoon baby, if Annie's telling the truth on the timing. Very well. You have my permission to wed my daughter. A month should be plenty to have the banns read, and you can be baptised just before the wedding." Severus' hands had clenched into tight fists. He could barely breathe. This man had it all planned out… well, Severus had had enough of other people planning his life. "I shan't be marrying your daughter, Sir," he replied, as evenly as he could, forcing each word out. "I'll do everything I can to see that the baby is looked after, but I can't marry a woman I barely know." Mr. Brandon was growing scarlet, then purple, with rage. Mrs. Brandon had given a few odd, breathy sobs. "Now, see here, boy…" Mr Brandon began. Severus sprang to his feet, itching to draw his wand. "Will you have Annie back home?" he asked quickly, the words tumbling over each other. "She is your daughter." He edged towards the door. Mr. Brandon exploded up out of his chair. "I have no daughter!" he spat, spraying Severus across the table. "You've ruined her life, boy, ruined it! You tell that harlot that she'll never darken my doorstep again!" Severus didn't wait to be shown out; he near sprinted from the room, down the hall, and wrenched open the front door. He was sprinting down the street, and he didn't look back. It was only when he'd rounded the corner that he slowed to a jog, then, a street further, stopped, and leaned against a low brick wall, panting. Well, that hadn't gone well. Annie hadn't been exaggerating. He gave himself a few minutes to breathe, then set off in the direction of Annie's temporary abode, still cursing himself for his stupidity.