a translucent blue dome that circled around them for about ten meters. Outside the dome, spiders suddenly appeared in the treetops. Some of the smaller ones leapt from the trees for the dome, but were blasted away from it as soon as they touched it by what looked like jolts of electrical energy. The big man let out a challenging bellow towards the spiders with each bolt of power that was emitted, causing him to flinch and twitch as his already-tenuous control of his magic weakened further. As all this was happening, Harry curled himself up into a ball. He was well beyond scared. He was terrified for his life, begging someone, something, anything to come and save him from this nightmare that had taken control of him. With each roar of the spiders, he flinched. With each weakening shout of challenge, he shivered. With each dying moan, he wept. ' I caused all this…I'm a monster… ' Then, following an especially bright flash of energy, a flicker of light caught his attention from the corner of his eye. Mustering a strength he didn't know he had, he lifted his gaze up and looked to the side. Not even two meters away from him, right by the edge of the dome that was near the cliff wall, he saw the dagger that Garrett had been going to use on him just lying there, sticking out of the dirt, beckoning him to grab it and take it. Looking over at the others and seeing them very well distracted, he crept slowly, fearfully over to the dagger and grabbed it. Once he did, he was suddenly feeling much better now that he had something to defend himself with, even if he didn't know how to use it for such. That was when, with one last cry of exhaustion, the big man fell to his knees as his arms fell limply to his sides. The constant battering of the spiders had finally exhausted him to the point of collapse. As he fell to the ground, the dome disintegrated around them and the spiders let out triumphant roars as they launched themselves towards the four large morsels of meat that had so willingly wandered into their forest. Hector tried to fight them off but was quickly overwhelmed, being bitten in six different places but still thrashing. The lady and Garrett were snatched up by the larger and stronger spiders and carried off, vanishing into the woodland. The big guy just closed his eyes and accepted his fate as a literal tsunami of spiders rushed towards him. While the spiders were distracted, Harry cowered against the rocky cliff. He didn't want to die, not like this! He may have caused this. He may have been a monster and a freak. But he wanted to live! Once again, that energy that had been reacting to and empowering him rose to the surface. With all of his concentration channeled into his desire to escape into the cliff behind him so the spiders couldn't follow him, it would've come as no surprise to anyone when the wall of solid rock behind him suddenly cracked, cratered, and then simply shattered. What was revealed behind him was a black void, a cave through which he slipped and fell into, rolling painfully along with the gravel debris he'd created. Before he could reorient himself, Harry found himself slipping off the edge of another cliff and fell down into an underground stream. Sputtering, he pushed himself back to his feet as best he could. However, the knee-deep cold water rushing around his legs quickly turned his feet numb as he tried to reach for the cliff and pull himself back up. As he grabbed the ledge above him, his hand brushed against something. Tentatively sliding his hand upon it, he found it to be the hilt of the dagger that he'd accidentally dropped during his tumble. He quickly snatched it up and stuffed it into his pants waistband. Reaching again, he felt something else. It was warm, somewhat hairy, and…moving? Looking upwards, he could see just enough in the darkness of the cave to realize it was a spider! "AAAHHHH!" His reflexive scream became a piercing echo that reverberated around the cavern tunnel, becoming increasingly louder and painful the longer Harry screamed. Suffice to say, the spider beat a hasty exit. Harry didn't stick around to see if it'd return either, he turned and ran downstream as fast as his numb legs could carry him, not caring if he'd get lost or not. He just wanted to get away! Away from the spiders! Away from the dark forest! Away from the mean adults who had kidnapped and wanted to hurt him! Away from his relatives! Away from the misery that was his life! He just wanted to get away! In the total darkness of the tunnel, Harry never saw the sudden edge of the small waterfall he was running towards. But once his foot left that ledge, he was sent on a one-way trip to a place no man had ever seen before. And his destiny would be forever changed as a result, for better or worse. ( Author's Note ) In case it's not abundantly obvious, this is a rewrite of an old story of mine. And while I can't make any promises to the future of this story, I hope that with the slightly new direction (and new origins) I've put in that it'll catch you guys by slight surprise and keep myself interested enough to continue writing it. Here's to hoping! So, all of you veteran readers of mine, please tell me. Do you prefer this change of origin that I put in? Or did you like the simplicity of the original version? Also, if I made 4-year-old Harry seem a bit too smart, coordinated, powerful, whatever, I apologize. I am not exactly familiar with children of this age and don't know what to expect of them. PLEASE REVIEW!