out to have a lot of duties. "Now I thought that you'd like to walk Max for me this morning. Jus' take him round the castle so he does his buisness and bring him back. After tha' the fun begins," He winked and handed Remus a lead. Max turned out to be an elderly Mastiff who walked slow and seemed to enjoy the simple things in life. Like chasing butterflies on the fields. Remus had fun walking him around the castle since it gave him a chance to look at it properly. It was completely different in daylight than it had been the night before. But night usually has a way of distorting and covering up what the light doesn't. After the walk Hagrid had him feeding Grubby Planks unicorns who were strangely happy to have him around. Then he spent the rest of the day on the outskirts of the forest looking for broken tree branches. Ones big enough to sustain Hagrids mammoth fire in the Autumn and Winter months. It was hard work lugging branches longer than himself over to Hagrids cabin which was why he didn't realise he had a visitor until she was standing in his way. Abruptly dropping the branch as he saw her he sighed in relief and waited to see what she wanted. "I thought you said you didn't go here," her teasing tone underlying the hurt in her voice. "I said I wasn't a student," Remus corrected. "I'm supposed to be helping Hagrid," He pointed to the branch and the cabin trying to make his escape now he had his breath back. She tugged her robe off instead and tossed her red hair onto her back as she pulled up the end of the branch. "Well come on then," She cocked an eyebrow in challenge. Remus huffed but was glad to have the help over to Hagrids "You don't have to," he tried. She grunted hoisting the branch up higher "No, but I want to. Besides it gives me a chance to talk to you." "I doubt we have much to talk about," He called back. "I disagree," She panted setting it down on top of the other thirteen logs Remus had collected. "For example, how do you know James Potter?" Remus frowned at her question. He would have thought everyone would know by now. James had said gossip travelled fast in Hogwarts. "I'm James' werewolf," He told her. She didn't gasp or run away. Just pulled a questioning face "Really? Or are you just making that up to make me go away?" Remus frowned not knowing why anyone would say they were a werewolf just to get someone to leave them alone. It wasn't some joke and he told her just that. "So you can leave if you like," He walked back along the outskirts searching for another branch. Funnily enough she trailed behind him "I'm not just going to leave because you're a werewolf." "Really? Other people do. Besides I'm not just a werewolf I'm James' werewolf. Judging from the tone of voice you use when talking about him you either love him or have a grudge. Maybe both," He pondered. She stalked in front of him "I am not in love with James Potter," she spat. Calming down she flipped her hair back again and joined him in step "I'm not leaving even if you are affiliated with him. You've given me no reason to yet and I like your company." This time he pulled the questioning face "Really?" She nodded helping him pull another branch from the clutches of the forest "It's nice to meet a boy I haven't seen go through puberty." She laughed "You should have seen some of them. Sirius had spots all over his nose at one point." "No?" Remus gasped scandalised. The image would serve him well in his war against Sirius. "Oh yeah. Then there's Peter. He wasn't always that chubby you know. I've seen him grow breasts bigger than mine in the last seven years," She grinned like complaining about James and his friends was the highlight of her day. "I say it again, it's so nice to see someone who hasn't changed in front of me or, God forbid, seen me at my worst," she trilled taking the front this time. He held it more in the middle this time to take more of the weight of the girls shoulders. "I'm sure you weren't that bad," Remus told her recalling his own adolescence. Growing bones meant more painful transformations. He had to watch as James was able to grow a moustache in days where as he was stuck with no hair at all. He'd begun to question Mr and Mrs Potter a couple years back about whether he was actually growing like James. They had reassured him that he was, still the lack of changes apart from a growth spurt wasn't promising to him. "I was," She promised setting the log down. She walked over to him "It's so nice to see a man for once. Instead of those lot who will always be boys to me," She scowled over at the school and turned to him with a kind smile on her face. "I doubt I'd call me a man," He rubbed the back of his neck walking down to the forest. Most people didn't call him human. To be honest he was wondering when she was going to do the same thing. Maybe the intrigue of a werewolf would go away after the first full moon. When she realised just how disgusting his kind really were. "I would," She told him. "And I need to go," She declared as the bell rang loudly from the school. "We should get together some time. I really enjoyed spending time with you," She suggested. "Sure," He agreed not knowing what else to say. She grinned at him and went to pick up her school robes as she dashed into the castle.