children right before he had entered the room. He grinned and looked at the little boy, "Thank you for helping my daughter Harry." The toddler looked immensely pleased with himself, and said once more, "Gin." He squirmed off of his mother's hip and once again waddled over to the baby, taking the girl's tiny hand again whispered, "Gin" as he brought it to his tiny lips and kissed a spot right between her thumb and forefinger. At the action the baby laughed and gurgled. Lilly laughed as she picked up the toddler, "All right little Romeo, it's time we get to our appointment. Say bye-bye to the Weasleys." "Lilly, before you go – would it be OK to take a picture of the four of us," Molly asked. "Arthur has his camera, and this has for some reason been a very special day for my daughter and I. Would that be all right?" Lilly smiled, "Of course it would be. Maybe, once these troubles settle down our families can get together." "I would love that," Molly said earnestly. Arthur directed the two mothers to stand shoulder to shoulder and with both children in their arms, snapped a picture of the four. After saying their goodbyes, Lilly began to walk away. Her son who was in her arms was looking back at the trio of redheads and with one arm outstretched toward them quietly whispered, "Gin…" as the memory faded and the newlyweds made their way out of the pensieve. HGPHGPHGP When Harry and Ginny emerged, they were greeted by Arthur and Molly. One of Arthur's arms was around his wife's shoulders, while Molly had one arm around Arthur's waist and a rectangular present held in her other arm. Harry was speechless at what he had just seen, and judging by the quiet sniffles he was hearing from his wife, he wasn't the only one. He turned and wrapped his arms around Ginny and pulled her close to him. Looking down at her, he smiled, "Well, I guess we really are meant to be together Love." When he finished saying the words, Ginny lit up his world with a brilliant smile. "I guess I need to thank you for saving me again." Harry grinned and leaning down caught her lips in a kiss. "Harry, Ginny – I hope you don't hate us for not sharing that memory sooner with you." Molly's voice was soft and full of trepidation. Harry looked at his mother-in-law and then at his wife. Ginny's eyes were as full of love and happiness as they had been the day before as they were married. Harry knew what he had to do. He let go of his wife and resolutely walked over to Molly, and as he neared her he grinned and grabbed her in a hug that she would be proud of and said so that everyone in the room could hear, "Mum, that was the most wonderful and greatest gift I have ever received except for one other!" Molly giggled at Harry's jubilant answer and returned his hug. "I am glad you like it – though I wonder what gift beats that one," her voice full of unbridled curiosity. Harry smiled and whispered into Molly's ear, "The love your daughter gives to me will always be the best gift I will ever receive! And I thank you for her!" Molly's eyes widened and then filled with tears, "Harry… I am glad my daughter chose you!" Ginny, meanwhile, had gone to her father, hugged and thanked him for what he given. Chuckling a little, Arthur grinned and said, "Well, there is one more piece to this gift. Molly?" Molly finally stopped hugging Harry and stepped back next to Arthur, "Here is the last piece of our gift to you both." She smiled as she held the present toward the newlyweds. Ginny took it and smiled up at Harry, "So, do you want to unwrap it?" "Nope, you do the honors, but let's sit down first," he grinned. Ginny led them back and with Harry sitting in an over-stuffed armchair, she plopped down onto his lap, while her parents sat in the sofa nearest to them. Unwrapping the paper Ginny smiled as a picture frame was revealed. In the picture were two read-headed women holding their children as they all smiled. The toddler kept looking over at the young baby and grinning at her. The baby's eyes looked at the toddler with undisguised joy. Ginny and Harry smiled at one another, though neither could voice the gratitude that they felt towards Molly and Arthur at the moment. "Umm, one last thing – Ginny," Arthur queried. "Would you look at your left hand?" Ginny's brows knitted in curiosity as she looked. There in the space between her left forefinger and thumb was a cluster of freckles. "Um, what am I looking at Dad? They're just some freckles of mine…" "Actually Ginny," her mother continued, "we noticed those freckles when we got home from St. Mungo's that day. They weren't there before and…" "And that is precisely where little Harry kissed your hand before he and his mother left for their appointment," her father continued. He smiled and the look of shock on the young people's faces. Molly smiled, "And if you look they are a perfect match to the seven Pleiades." Ginny grinned at the group of freckles and nodded her head at her mother's statement. Her grin widened as Harry took her hand and gently put it to his lips and kissed the spot again. As he did so a pleasant feeling travelled through her body and Ginny breathed a sigh of contentment. Their lives were ending up so much better than any of the old bedtime stories her parents used to read to her about the Boy-Who-Lived. Her smile widened as her husband pulled her head down; looked into her eyes; smiled and whispered, "I love you forever Ginny Potter," and then sealed it with a kiss.