yet. But he was very positive about it. That's if I can pull this off" "Oh, you'll manage Hermione. I know you, you're not the brightest witch for nothing. I have big hopes for you and besides didn't he tell you he was proud of you, and remember being the employee of the month will only gain you credit! Trust me this promotion is yours faster than you can say Qudditch" Hermione actually gave genuine giggle. She was overwhelmed, this was the biggest news she gotten in a very long time and she wanted to shout out to everyone about her success, however she doubted anyone would even care. "I'm so excited Gin! But I still have my doubts. I mean how am I supposed to pull this off and collect 200,000 galleons in only two months. It's quite the task for a new department building at St Mungos, it demands a miracle and I don't work wonders." Hermione knew it demanded something extraordinary to happen for her to actually manage to collect that amount of money. When Mr. Rogers had mentioned it she didn't hesitate once she agreed right away. Also because it was for a good cause. St, Mungos was in desperate needs for a new department and Hermione would be proud to be a part of that project. That's when he told her that if she pulled that off, she would receive a promotion. Ginny remained silent, her head rummaging through Hermione's possibilities. "What about a big fundraiser in St Mungos honour? Or a charity?" "A charity? You can't be serious." She asked dumbfounded. "I'm not Sirius, I'm Ginny" she chuckled, though Hermione did not. She rolled her eyes quite tired of hearing that same joke for the hundred tenth time, the joke wasn't even funny anymore. "Ginny..." she sighed. "Fine! No charity then. Do you have a better idea your high and mighty?" she asked with hint of sarcasm. Hermione bit her lip, finding her nails really interesting at that moment. "Well...none at the moment" she admitted meekly. Ginny just snorted at the phone. "That's what I thought. Now if you ju..-" Ginny stopped speaking like she just received an epiphany. How could she forget? The answer was just staring her right in the face, it was so obvious! "Ginny? Hello, you there?" Hermione asked out to the silence she got from Ginny. Almost dropping her phone to the floor when she heard the loudest of squeals from Ginny. "I have it!" Hermione managed to catch the phone again, thanking her fast reflexes. "Merlin's pants Ginny. You scar.." "I have it!" Ginny repeated, not letting Hermione finish. "It was so obvious! I'm feeling so stupid why didn't I think about that" Ginny chuckled and Hermione gave a tired sigh, feeling defeated. "Fine, go ahead. Tell me your 'glorious' idea" she doubted she would like it anyway, it was gut feeling. "Well do you remember the article from earlier this morning?" Hermione's stomach tensed, nope she didn't like where this was heading at ALL. "Yes what about it?...you didn't?" she asked with a slight quiver on her voice. "Just hear me out" Ginny interrupted, clearing her throat in her hand. "'The participant won't only compete to gain the love of her life, but she will also gain a winning prize for the happy couple to spend, 300,000 galleons. If that doesn't sound like a fair deal then I don't know what would. Sign in with your name today, and you'll have a chance to be the one lucky woman winning a man's heart and the money of a lifetime. P.S interviews starts within a week' "Just as Ginny finished the article she waited for a response from Hermione. "Why don't I remember that part of the article from this morning?" she asked slightly more intrigued than before. "Because Miss Know-it-all, you didn't let me finish reading it before" she hissed out with roll on her eyes. "So you see this is the solution for your problems. You need 200,000 galleonsfor your project, in this show they offer 300,000 so it's a win/win situation" she added more calmer this time. Although Hermione wasn't that easily fooled, she raised her brow confused. "How's this a win/win situation?" "Because not only will you get the money but you'll also gain a man that loves you. That's why this is a win/win situation" she stated honestly. Hermione shook her head furiously, like Ginny could actually see her through the phone. "No way Ginny. We have to find another way. I'm not ready to find a romance and I'm certainly not ready to join a show to win some money and make a fool of myself in the process. So I'm sorry, but there has to be another way, and that's my final answer" Hermione refused to lower herself to that standard. She wasn't that desperate. Plus she didn't want everyone to see her on television...and men gawking after her. She had enough with being in the famous golden trio. Ginny whom had only been listening to parts of what Hermione had said, just shrugged her shoulders. "That's too bad-" "Not really" Hermione scoffed. "-Because I already signed your name to the show, and they accepted an interview with you next week" Ginny grinned wickedly, awaiting a loud outburst from Hermione in any second now... 1... 2... 3... "YOU DID WHAT?!" (A/N: As you might have noticed this was nothing about the pairings...so far. They will all pop up in the next chapter. This fanfic is kind of like the tv show bachelorette and bachelor (Giving roses and eliminations) that kind of competition. I remember when I was just a kid I used to love those shows and I thought. Hey! Why not write a HP related fanfic about it! And then poof this came up. SO hope you liked this small idea of mine and don't forget to comment something, be kind (: and please follow. Take care my dears! 3