His pleads was only heard as muffles, fortunately for him she didn't stop. Instead she licked her way up to the head, and parted her lips when she started caressing with both her tongue and lips. Drawing in enough suction for Draco to moan out loudly staring up at the ceiling. And then she pulls all of him in her mouth and a gasp of surprise and pleasure escaped Draco. Her small mouth expanding at his eight inches length and he felt bothered that he couldn't see it. He wanted nothing more than to see her head bob up and down. His blood turned warm and pulse quickened to feel her mouth only go lower on his cock. Now the little minx had started to moan too. Like Draco wasn't already in seventh heaven. Hearing her smacking her lips and the sloppy sounds from her expertise sucking was building up for his climax. Draco gave out a disappointed whine when she pulled up with a pop. Hermione licked her lips enjoying the taste of him and already eager to feel more. "You taste so good. Next time I lower myself I just want you to unleash inside my mouth when you're ready. I want you to cum inside my mouth" and again she was down with a unforgettable whine of desperation and lust. Draco had a moment of realisation. Did she really want him to release his seamen inside her mouth. He never experienced that, all the other girls considered it to be gross. So this was really new and unexpected though who was he kidding. This whole event was unexpected. It didn't take long till Draco was returning with his moans. He was ashamed and mortified that this Gryffindor could make him so vocal, he usually wasn't. This time she worked it more roughly, pulling him in with each suction that Draco relished. Her furious bobbing of her head and combined with slow sucking was driving him over the edge. He could've sworn he even moaned out her first name once or twice, at that time he didn't really care because all words was cut by the scarf anyway. The pressure against her lips tightened and he was panting, his abdomen clenching when he knew he couldn't last very long now. It only took Hermione one more thrust down to his cock it was like she knew he was ready, his cock now reaching down her throat and Draco gave a wild groan as he unleashed his biggest orgasm so far in his life. Panting roughly as his throat was feeling dry from all the vocal moans he let out. The seamen sliding down her throat and he felt her swallow each drop and made sure to clean his length when she pulled away. Her own breathings was rapid and she looked up towards him and she giggled. "I was right. You taste so good" she purred and Draco felt too exhausted to do anything. He waited for her to pull up his trousers and boxers which never happened, was she just going to leave him like this? Hermione stood up wincing from the soreness for sitting on her knees that long. She erupted a giggle again and shook her head. "I can't believe we actually did this….I mean. I said I wanted to try something new. But anyone could passed us and we would've been caught!" You think? Draco rolled his eyes still trying to fathom what just happened, and how did this girl learn all of that? "Mmm. Hggnh...lllk." Draco spoke against the scarf. Hermione laughed and came closer to him wrapping her arms around him in a hug. "Sorry about that. I'm going to remove it now" and she untied the knot behind his head. Draco felt relieved that the scarf was finally removed and he was about to snap at her but he fell silent. If she found out that it wasn't Theodore she just blown off he was pretty sure he would've make everything worse so Draco was just going to shut up. Hermione didn't pull away still leaning her body close to his, hugging him tightly. The familiar spell was heard and he was once again able to move and noticed how strained he really felt. "I love you" Draco tensed his body becoming rigid again but for a very different reason. His heart skipped a beat at the words, only his mother said those words to him so it felt so unfamiliar to hear someone like her say that, of course it was meant for Theodore and not him. Draco didn't know what to do in this small panic, so he did the first thing that came up. Wrapping his arms around her in a hug and pressing a light peck against her hair. Draco swallowed, this was so surreal. He noticed that the hug and kiss was enough because he sensed Hermione was smiling. She pulled away when they had remained like that for a while. "I have to go now." Granger begun and sighed happily. "I'll see you tomorrow at breakfast" and she leaned forward pressing a kiss against his cheek and then she was off leaving Draco alone in the dark. He was trying to put all the pieces together. Like what the fuck had just happened, and why was Granger so good at giving blowjobs? He felt drained, confused and something he really couldn't describe. Draco contemplated he needed sleep and started heading towards the dungeons to the Slytherin common rooms. Although not before he pulled up both his trousers and boxers. A/N: Forgot to mention, this is my first dramione story ever. But it's a slow build up. This first chapter was just the beginning. If you want to find out more you just have to read the coming chapters. Hope you enjoyed. Also if you're interested to help me with BETA don't hesitate to pm me. Review and follow and constructive criticism always appreciated. Take care!