"That's right!" Ian said in a sick sing-song voice. Harry's head dropped into his hands. But the revelations just kept coming. "Of course neither Ron nor Ginerva could really manage that level of potions until about the time you left to chase horocruxes." "Molly." Harry did not need it explained. He knew where this was all going. "And the rest of the Weasleys?" "As far as we know, no involvement beyond loving you." Harry felt his heart clench. Love? Considering how he grew up and his only in depth romantic relationship was manufactured, what the hell did he bloody well know about love? His head shot back up at the sound of a throat being cleared. "Well, I supposed next we should go on to Severus Snape." "Snape?" Harry questioned. Just last night…or what felt like last night at least, he had learned Snape loved his mother. "Indeed, the greasy git did love your mother. But let us consider a few things. What did he ask both Voldemort and Dumbledore to do?" "Save her?" "Exactly. Save her. He did not care what happened to either you or your father. And what was the final thing he asked you as you died?" "To look into my eyes." "Sure enough. Tell me, who are you always told you got your eyes from?" Harry gasped with the realization. "My mother." Snape cared nothing for him. Snape cared only for Snape. Through it all, to the very end, Snape cared solely for Snape. "And finally, that brings us to Dumbledore." That one brought Harry up short. The great wizard had always seemed so positive. He was the leader of the light, after all. Chief Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, all that jazz. With a resigned sigh, Harry looked back at Ian. "Ok, do tell." "Mr. Potter, tell me who has made every single decision regarding your life?" "Ummm….me?" "Really? So you chose to go to the Dursley's? And who places a priceless artifact behind traps that three first-years could make it through? Who was the headmaster at the school where you were accused and bullied for being the heir of Slytherin? Who was the Chief Warlock of the judicial body which sent your godfather to Azkaban with no trial? Your magical guardian who granted you the ability to participate in the Tri-wizard Tournament? Need I continue?" Harry shook his head. "Wonderful. Then we can move on to the next issue. Your soul mates!" "Ummm…what?" "Your soul mates." "Right." With an exasperated sigh, Ian went more in depth. "See, everyone has a soul mate. Actually, I take that back. Everyone has two soul mates. There is a reason for that. I mean, if everyone only had one, it would be nearly impossible for someone to find their soul mate. That said, it is not common. Finding even one of those, particularly if they live on the other side of the world, is difficult if not impossible. So many settle for a compatible soul, if not an actual soul mate. Generally, especially in today's society, marrying one person is acceptable. Not finding your soul mate generally is not that big a deal." Ian stopped reviewing the file, looking over it. His eyes bore into Harry's. "In your case, Mr. Potter, you have five soul mates. More than that, you met nearly all of them. And you still did not manage to love them, therefore completing the soul bond and increasing your abilities. And it cost the world as you could not defeat Voldemort." Ian's voice grew as this went on. The final line was then said in a nearly soundless whisper. "But now we get one final chance to fix it." There was a feral grin on Ian's face. "We get to send you back once more. But there are some benefits." With a flourish, Ian drew out a long sheet of paper. "Here is a contract, designed by Fate and Chance. With the approval of Death, we are being given the opportunity to send you back, much further this time. You will fix this. You will not die until you reach your 200's. Should you accept this, you will also receive Fate' gift and be playing chance's game. Do you accept?" "Do I get to know the gift or game first?" "Now what is the fun in that?" "Fine, I accept." "Excellent! This time, you shall retain your memories. There will be much to do. You must defeat Voldemort this time. And you have the tools. By loving all of your soul mates, you will expand your abilities. Yes, I know, more than one. That is part of Fate's gift. The other's are the fact that one of your soul mates was not at Hogwarts last time. One soul mate is some granger girl according to your account. The rest of the details have been redacted. Fate's gift is that information. Chance's game is that he will give you a nudge toward those soul mates. It will be up to you to decide what that means and to act on it. When you do, as a kiss is shared in love, your soul mates' experiences from this timeline shall be returned "In addition, you must, obviously, end Voldemort. Death is tired of being cheated. You shall be his champion. You must stop Dumbledore's manipulations. They are costing lives well before they should be while he, himself, voids it. "And finally, you must accept your role. Dumbledore, Voldemort, they are symptoms. Fix the system." "Wow." Harry felt lost. That was a great deal of information. How was he supposed to handle all of this? He reached out to sign the contract that Ian was laying before him. "Oh, one final thing, Mr. Potter." "Yes?" The room began to fade. "When you return, visit the goblins. Ask for an inheritance test and ask them about the end times prophecy." End times prophecy? That sounded ominous. As Harry faded, he missed Ian's final words and smile. "Good luck, our champion."