ears. He struggled to maintain his conscious, but a few seconds later he lost it and sank into dreamless darkness. When Lory Hunknown opened his eyes again, the sky was a pinkish red. His left hand was warm. He looked down, and saw the girl sitting in a chair by his bed, holding his hand. Her eyes are scanning quickly across the pages of a book and she has gotten out of her uniform. She was wearing a comfortable looking oversized T-shirt that has the color of pale blue, with the pattern of soft clouds on the front. She was clearly absorbed in her book. Lory looked around. He is either neither in the medical room of the school nor in his tiny bedroom. This room is freshly painted, judging by the smell. The furniture are all made of wood, and remained their earlier appearance. The ceiling wore the look of a starry night, descending into paler and paler blue until by the button of the walls, it was clear white. "I see you are finally awake." The door opened, and a tall figure stepped in. Carlyle Vance smiled kindly at the bewildered boy. Honestly, he was confused as well when his daughter appeared on the front step of the Inn with the boy on her back. Nevertheless, he took the poor boy in. After they had placed him comfortably in a vacant bedroom and changed his uniform into a clean robe, Lynessa had told him what had happened. After Lory passed out, in panic she called out for help. Luckily it was during a break and a passing teacher finally found them. Unfortunately, the nurse was sick and had left early that day, locking the medical room. The teacher kindly offered to drive him home, however, the house written on his personal information file was locked, and there was no one at home. They didn't find anything like keys in his bag or pockets either. Having nowhere else to go, and the teacher was in a hurry to get back to his next class, Lyn asked him to drive them to this Inn, where her papa works. The teacher has helped her to call in sick for the boy and her consular had let her go early with a wave of hand, thus there is nothing to worry about at school. Carl was mildly surprise that his slightly aloof daughter had actually made a friend, or so he guess, on her first day at school. Not that he dislike it, he was glad, of course. Still, he was slightly annoyed to see his little daughter following someone else, some other male, especially. Well, he expected her first friend to be a girl, at least. Carl let out a deep sigh, and set down the tray he was carrying in his hands. There was some tea, a couple of cakes and scones that he had made for their afternoon tea. Now that the boy's awake, he was glad he brought an extra cup, or it would be awkward, to say the least. Lynn let out a happy yelp as she jumped from her chair excitedly. She is starving! Besides, this is what you call food. Those things the schools supplies are nothing compared to these ones. She wasn't aware that Lory was awake until Carl coughed gently and eyed her in the direction of the boy. Grabbing a scone in on of her hand, she turned to give Lory a big hug, but was held back by an irritated Carl. Lory let out a low chuckle as he watched Carl scold Lyn of not getting stains on the bed and behaving like a well-mannered girl, not a savage. Some ten minutes later, the three are sitting comfortably on the balcony under the falling sun. Lyn told the story again and added the diagnostics the doctor gave them after examining his body. It was low blood sugar, and malnutrition. Lynn apologized for causing the first one, and under her intense glare, Lory confessed that his family is currently in a poor state and that his was not eating well for breakfast or dinner. His dad died when he was very little and he had no memory of him save his appearance, which is very much like an older version of his own face. His mother died giving birth to him, and his grandma alone, which explains their terrible financial problem, now raises him. After his confess, there was a dead silence in the room, even Lyn found it difficult to swallow her scone after hearing this tragic story. She knew it would hurt the boy's pride if she shows her pity, yet she did not know anything else to say. She hates to see him sad, yet she has always been clumsy to express her feelings. So she did the only thing that seemed appropriate to her at the time. She shoved all of the remaining cakes and scones, which, if you are curious, are four altogether, into the boy's plate. And was responded by her father's hysteric laughs and the boy's red-eyed smile. Later that day, when Laurie (his newly settled nickname) had fully recovered his strength, the Vance escorted him back to his home. It appeared that they had sold the other one written on the file and moved into a smaller condo a month ago. His grandma was a kind old woman and warmly invited the Vance in for a cup of tea. After a small talk between the adult, it was soon settled that Laurie would be having afternoon tea with the Vance everyday and would then come home for dinner. Bella (Laurie's granny) was invited as well, but she refused with the excuse of having to prepare dinner. This, was the beginning of the friendship of Lynessa Daphne Greengrass-Vance and Loring Lupus Hunknown, a friendship that would grow into a tight-knit bond, a friendship that would prove critical in their survival in the war to come.