don't know what came over me except if I did nothing Lucius might. I leaned down and kissed her neck where it met her shoulder. She gasped and leaned into it. "Should I stop?" I asked as cloyingly as I could. "Don't you dare," she whispered, "Should I be making my intentions clear?" I brushed my lips over her shoulder. She pulled herself back and looked at me. "I'm a senior citizen and you're a randy thirty-something year old war hero and I'm telling you not to stop. I'm sure all intentions are out there, dear." "Are you matronizing me?" "I am." "I think I like it." Hermione Hermione's Cottege Hawkshead, Cumbria "You what?!" I winced. "When did this happen?!" Draco was yelling. "When I went to take the test swabs to send off to the lab. We're not getting them until next week." "Gee, I wonder why," he said sarcastically. I groaned. "Mum!" I heard a call from the next room. "Don't you dare!" I warned Draco. He snickered at me. "In here!" I called out. "Hi, Mum. I brought over those candlesticks—oh! Hi, Pop!" "Hello, Darling." Draco kissed her on the cheek. "What brings you by this morning?" "Mum was saying how you loved these and hated to see them go." She pulled one of the hideous candlesticks out of a box and he narrowed his eyes at me. "Your mother made out with Severus Snape!" He blurted out before stepping behind Rose and trying to make himself as small as possible. "Draco!" I screeched. "Mum!" Rose was scandalized. "And if I ever see those candlesticks again someone is going to eat them!" he threatened as he peered around Rose. "What?" Rose tried to look at him over her shoulder. "What is going on?!" "Nothing is going on!" I insisted. "Except some hot up against the workbench action!" Draco crowed from behind my daughter who screamed in shock and delight. "That's it," I said firmly. "I'm preforming a memory charm." "No, you're not!" Draco dove at me, practically knocking Rose over. "I wish I'd never told you, you big mouth—" We were wrestling over my wand and Rose laughed. "Am I interrupting anything?" I felt the blood drain from my face as I looked up to see Severus Snape in my doorway. "Not at all," I tried to squeak out. "Yeah. This is completely normal," Rose said sarcastically. "I'm leaving the candlesticks. Figure out what you're going to do with them. I'll see you lot later." She set the box down and left, shaking her head. "I'm going, too," Draco said. He always was good at making a quick escape. He dashed from the room and to the fireplace. I shook my head and opened my mouth to say something. "Try not to make out too much when I'm gone!" he yelled before I heard the - whoosh - of the Floo network. I opened and closed my mouth like a fish. I made eye contact with Severus. "I'm so sorry." "Are you ashamed?" he asked. "What? No!" I exclaimed. "Why would I be?" "Well, I don't know. What on earth was that about?" "Draco being an idiot." I mumbled. "That's nothing new," he snorted. He reached under his cloak and pulled out a bunch of wildflowers. "Oh, they're beautiful!" I felt my heart flutter in my chest. I smiled and bit my bottom lip. "I wanted to make sure my intentions were still clear." I looked up from the flowers and saw an unfamiliar twinkle in his eye. "Are you sure?" I asked. "Well, I am in my eighties. It's now or never." He had a point. I stood on tiptoe to kiss him. Draco Spinner's End Cokeworth, Midlands I arrived in the quiet kitchen and got to work fixing breakfast. I hated when it was my turn and wish I'd thought of borrowing one of father's house-elves. I put a kettle on and went to go wake up Severus so he could help me. I was walking through the parlor when I heard a ' meep! ' I turned to see the small cat getting up from her position on the couch and stretching her back. "Sasha? What are you doing out here?" I asked as she hopped on the floor and padded over. She butted my leg before walking over to a pair of shoes and sitting near them. They weren't men's shoes. "Oh?" I chuckled as I went to the front door to check for Hermione's cloak, which was hung up on a wooden peg near Severus'. I smiled to myself and went back to the kitchen to pour Sasha a saucer of cream. "Ah, Harry, I'm sorry you're missing this." I grinned and wiped away a tear. There was a flutter at the kitchen window and an official looking owl tapped at the glass. I opened the window and took the parcel from the owl before handing it a treat from a jar. It took off almost immediately as I tore open the brown paper. Dear Researchers, I believe we found the root of the problem you've been having. It was a simple miscalculation in the original formula that didn't account for a minute variable that isn't so minute anymore. This was our fault of course, having done the initial examination, and we apologize for any distress this may have caused… I skimmed the rest of the letter until I found the key to clearing up the infection and nodded to myself. The kettle whistled, and I dressed myself a cup and poured the hot water into a pot. I sat down and Sasha hopped up on the table to steal my cream. I saved it from her whiskery face and scratched her behind her ears. I heard stirrings upstairs, and I got ready to give them the good news. Harry might not be here, but not all hope was lost. Things would be fine. We would be fine. I would be fine.