on the streets that he was slowly passing seemed to notice that there was six-year-old boy in broad daylight walking on train tracks? Despite himself and how much Uncle Vernon loathed it, Harry couldn't help but ask himself, was it magic? It was the only answer that his young mind could come up with that could answer so many questions, despite creating an entire ocean's worth to follow-up on it. And following that train of thought, it seemed only logical to Harry that the people who could answer his questions were at the end of this train track. Thus, with really nothing better to do until nightfall, Harry continued his slow trek across the tracks. He only stopped to let his feet and legs rest when walking became unbearable, to refill his water bottles, and to relieve himself in the closest public buildings he could find. As dusk crept steadily closer, Harry finally climbed off the tracks and went about looking for a place to sleep. It wasn't anything like the brush and grasses that he'd slept in the previous night. Swallowing his own self-disgust, Harry settled down to sleep in the shadow of a smelly dumpster. But he could bear the smell. After all, his cupboard had a much nastier scent from that one time. Harry was even lucky that there was convenience store nearby where he'd been able to buy more fruit and sandwiches to compliment his bottled water, a practical feast to the malnourished orphan. That was more or less the routine that Harry's life had fallen into as he slowly traversed the countryside, always following the railroad. And the farther he went north, the farther in between cities and towns became. This forced him to learn how to conserve his food and, most importantly, water supply. And he found that after the first week, the more he walked along the railroad, the easier it became to bear the long days walking as his leg muscles slowly began to grow stronger. However, that wasn't to say that the weather cooperated with the boy. A cold storm had come drifting through the area, drenching everything and everyone mercilessly for a period of two days straight. If not for the money that he'd stolen before he ran away, Harry wouldn't have survived those cold days. He had been approaching a town when the storm struck on the first day. Even though the smart thing to do would've been to wait it out, Harry had nowhere to go to do such a thing. So he had gone to the nearest store to buy a new, larger, and waterproof backpack, new pairs of shoes and pants, a tent, a raincoat, and a hunting knife. The store clerk had given him some pretty suspicious looks when he saw what the small boy's purchases were, but he'd allowed the boy to make them. Of course, as Harry was leaving the store, he'd managed to glimpse the clerk making a call on the phone. This sent warning bells through Harry's mind as his fight or flight instincts took over. The authorities would be on his trail soon and take him back to the Dursleys! He ran as fast as he could back to where he knew the train tracks were. He'd discovered soon after starting his trek that for some reason as long as he was standing on the tracks, no one seemed to notice him. And sure enough, despite standing in the wide open, the passing police didn't even see him as they drove by. That had been over three weeks ago. He was pretty sure that September was almost over now, but he had slowly lost track of the days since he began spending less time in civilization. The weather was turning slowly cooler and damper with each passing day. He needed to find the people who were responsible for this magical train track and the platform back at King's Cross quickly, so he wouldn't be forced to spend the coming winter trapped back at the Dursleys' cramped little home on Number 4 Privet Drive. After spending so much time out in the wilderness, Harry could honestly state that he would never live in the wooden prison-like structures that most modern day people called houses. In the three weeks time he trek had been, Harry had crossed over a significant portion of Great Britain and seen a lot more of his home country than he ever had before. At first he had felt kinda lonely as he walked down the tracks surrounded by nothing by hills, grasses, and trees. But now he found a certain amount of solace to the natural and comforting beauty of the landscapes and wildlife. He wasn't sure just where he was in Great Britain anymore. But one thing he knew for certain was that the sun was once again steadily sinking behind the horizon, a bright full moon was already clearly visible, and that there was fairly large forest not too far off in the distance. However, there was something about the forest that felt almost…primeval. Against his better judgment, Harry abandoned the tracks to walk a short distance into the forest where he would set up his small camp for the night. It was a decision that would forever change his life and the fate of an ancient magical world that he wasn't aware existed. (Author's Note) Please understand that this story is not one of very high priority on my update list. I'm very deeply committed to writing my Gundam SEED Destiny story and I still have yet to add a new chapter for my Yu Yu Hakusho fanfic as well. However, this story, like several others of mine, was inspired by an idea that just refused to leave me alone until I actually posted it. That being the case, you can probably expect another two or three chapters in the fairly near-future until I've gotten the basic setting for this story laid and established.