Gin. It's ok if you cry." Harry told her. Ginny hugged Harry and he hugged her back. He pulled out his wand and made a bundle of flowers. "Fred would make so much fun of us if he knew what we were doing right now." Ginny said, smiling. "Let's go find our seats." Harry told her. Harry and Ginny walked outside and found their reserved seats. Harry left the flowers by Fred's casket. People started to arrive and sit down. The funeral eventually started and Ginny sobbed even more. Harry cried a little during parts of it. Once the funeral ended Harry and Ginny went back to the Burrow and got changed. Harry walked down to Ginny's room. He saw her sitting on her bed looking at a picture of her family. Harry walked over to her and sat down. "Hey." She said, looking up. Harry rubbed her back as she looked back at her picture. "I'm going to have a busy week." He told her. "You want me to come to the funerals don't you?" She asked. "Please come." He pleaded. Ginny just kissed him and laid down on her bed. Harry did the same and they just stared at each other. For hours they barely moved until they both started to fall asleep. The next morning they woke up when the door flew open. Harry looked over towards it and saw Ron standing at the doorway. "What are you doing?" He screamed at Harry. "What do you mean?" Harry asked, confused. "Get out Ron!" Ginny told him. "No!" "I'm going to say this one more time. You have no authority about who me or Harry are in a relationship with! Now. Get. Out!" She screaming at him as she walked towards the door. Ron obeyed her and stomped downstairs. Ginny slammed the door and walked back to her bed. Ginny sat down next to Harry and sighed. "Don't get too worked up over him. He's just a super overprotective brother." He told her, smiling at the end. Ginny laid down on his lap and grabbed his hand. "I wonder if he'll ever stop being like that." "Ron? No. Your other brothers, probably." Harry said. "Harry? How far do you think we'll get in this relationship?" She asked him. "I don't know. Maybe we'll get far, maybe we'll end it tomorrow. Hopefully the former." He said, sitting up. Ginny sat up too and they kissed. They separated when they heard banging coming up the stairs. Harry reached for his wand and had it at the ready. He tip-toed over to the door and stayed on one side. The door flew open and Harry had the man in a choke hold in a second, with his wand on the man's cheek. "Bill. It's just you." He said, releasing him. Bill turned around and pinned Harry against the wall. "Of course it's just me. Why wouldn't it be?" He asked Harry, angrily. "Put him down Bill!" Ginny screamed at him, getting up. "Shut up Ginny!" He screamed back. Harry looked around and saw his wand across the floor. He looked at his hand and pointed it between him and bill. He closed his eyes and started thinking. " Expelliarmus. Expelliarmus. Expelliarmus, " He thought, but nothing happened. " Expelliarmus! " He thought again, and a red light came out of his finger and hit Bill's arm, releasing Harry. Harry held out his hand and his wand flew into his hand. "Harry, how did you…?" Ginny asked Harry, but Harry didn't answer. "Bill. I don't know how I did that. But me and Ginny are in a relationship. You need to accept that. I get Gin is your little sister. But you have to understand that I am her boyfriend." Harry said calmly. Bill looked very angry and walked towards Harry. "You lay a finger on her when I'm here, I never want to see you again." "I've been told that before, didn't last too long." Harry told him, looking at Ginny. Bill left the room and Harry put his wand in his pocket. "How did you do that?" Ginny asked him. "I don't know Gin." Harry lied. Harry sat down next to him when he saw a figure appear a few meters away from the Burrow. Harry rushed downstairs and drew his wand. He met the figure outside who was also holding his wand. "Hello Potter," Antonin Dolohov said. Harry was silent. Dolohov shot a purple light at Harry. Harry blocked it and shot a disarming charm at him. He dodged it and shot the same charm back. Harry couldn't block it and his wand shot out of his hand. Dolohov mumbled something and the same purple light shot out, hitting Harry and knocking him down. " Sectumsempra ," He said, waving his wand. Harry was slashed all over his body and Dolohov walked over to him. "You're going to suffer for stopping him. Accio Ginevra Molly Weasley ," Ginny shot into his hand and he pointed his wand at her. " Crucio ." He said, torturing Ginny. "Gin- ny…" Harry moaned. He looked at his wand and tried to hide his hand out. He thought Accio as much as possible, but his wand barely moved. " ACCIO ," Harry heard and someone say and then threw it into Harry's hand. He pointed it at Dolohov and and did something he never thought he would have to do. " Avada Kedavra ," He moaned. Dolohov threw Ginny aside and disapparated, dodging the spell. Ginny rushed over to Harry and put her hands on his wounds. "He's going to die if we don't help him!" Ginny sobbed. Bill rushed inside and grabbed some potions. When he came out he was followed by all of the Weasleys. Bill pour the potion all over Harry's chest. The cuts stopped bleeding and they carried Harry inside. They placed him on the couch and gave him some dreamless sleep potion. He quickly fell into painful sleep.