even the one of the Battle. You know how much I love the one of our wedding. I will never forget how beautiful you looked that day, and how I felt like the luckiest bloke in the whole world. So even though you know what the dreams I have every night, I love to share them with you every day. It makes me feel like you're still here." He took a breath and in a steady voice began reading from the book to the gravestone. Each dream he read about seemed to shimmer in the air in front of the headstone and statue, as though speaking of them out loud imbued them with a special magic of their own. And as he read each dream out loud he felt the emotions contained within each one. Sometimes his voice caught as a particularly strong emotion or thought was voiced, but he had been doing this long enough that he was able to keep from crying, if only barely. He finished with the dreams in the book so he gently placed the bookmark where a new page would be ready for tonight's dreams. He smiled sadly at the statue of the girl as it continued to hover. The look of sadness on its face mirrored his own look. "You probably already know that Neville passed away yesterday. He was surrounded by his entire family who had travelled up to Hogwarts to be with him when he passed. He was one of the best headmasters Hogwarts will ever have in my opinion. I think our Lily may now succeed him as Headmistress of the school, but that hasn't been formally announced yet. Wouldn't that be something? Our daughter the headmistress of Hogwarts! I hope that they do make her the Headmistress, she is as smart and talented and beautiful as you Love." He chuckled as he continued, "But you already know that don't you?" At this question, the statue smiled and did a loop-the-loop as if to answer in the affirmative. He took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. Tears stood in his eyes as he remembered his courageous friend who had supported him always even though it often got him into trouble. Neville really was the greatest example of what it meant to be a true Gryffindor. A slight breeze brought him back to the present. "Please, say hi to Neville for me, OK? I know he really helped you when I was away from Hogwarts that last year, and after you passed, well… with Ron and Hermione gone… he was always here to help and to listen. With Neville gone now that leaves only me and Seamus left from the original DA members now. And I think Seamus will outlast me just out of sheer stubbornness." The old man grinned a little at his own joke. He heard someone come in the house behind him and call, "Dad? Are you out of bed yet? Bill and I are here to work on those memoirs with you. Dad, where are you?" The old man let out another breath as he stood up, vanished the chair and tucking the dream book under his left arm again. "I'm out here in the backyard Son talking to your mother, I will right there." He looked up at the statue again. The young Quidditch rider had gotten off of her broom and was holding it in her right hand. Her left hand was now over her heart. He could see the HH on her Quidditch robes now. She was smiling gently at him. The breeze returned and with it the scent of roses… of her beautiful red hair. The old man grinned up at her, kissed the fingertips of his right hand and watched as the statue kissed the fingertips of her left hand and held it out for him to grip. As their fingers curled around one another, the old man wished he could feel the warmth and small callouses he had adored and now missed, but he knew that even has he gripped the smooth marble hand that it was not to be. "Albus is here with one of our grandsons, Love." His voice caught as he whispered while looking into the statue's eyes longing to see the brown ones he loved so dearly, "Merlin's beard, how I miss you. I love you. Forever." His voice broke a little again and tears blurred his vision as he continued, "But I don't think it will be too much longer before I will see you again my Love… my Ginny." He let go of the statue's hand and slowly turned to make his way into the house, not noticing the statue hugging her broom to her chest in a silent show of excitement and anticipation, then mounting her broom blew him a kiss hovering once more watching as he slowly trudged back to the house. -The End- Epilogue Residents of Godric's Hollow lately have a new legend they have started to tell around the village. They say that on clear nights between the end of July and the middle of August if you are quiet, and looking up at the stars, you may see two broom-riders made of white marble flying above the village hand in hand. One a young handsome wizard with round glasses, a lightning scar on his forehead, and a lopsided grin, holding the left hand of a young beautiful witch with flowing long hair, wearing Holyhead Harpies Quidditch robes and a care-free smile. They say that the love shown between the two riders is so great, so palpable, that you can almost see it spark as they fly together under the stars. If the legend is true and if you are one of those lucky few people who do get to see the two riders, the townsfolk say you will soon meet the one you are destined to love forever. Author's Post Note There you have it. I hope you liked it.