little dance he discarded the idea. He had gotten his money out of them, no use in enticing a man that didn't want or needed to be here. Blondie managed to regain his composure - or maybe he'd gotten off, it was hard to tell with nobles - and took another step towards him, definitely intruding in his personal space now. Ah. Show of dominance. How boring. But Harry complied and dropped his head just so, peeking up at the taller man from underneath his jet-black fringe. Lesson number one: Never break eye contact, they lost interest otherwise. "We were hoping you might do us a favour," blondie murmured sinuously. From the corner of his eyes Harry caught the other lord rolling his eyes at blondie's use of 'we', clearly not sharing the other's enthusiasm. His smile broadened. "For you? Anything sir." He fully expected the amused excitement that entered blondie's eyes. He had admittedly not expected him to pull out a plain, but expensive looking envelope. Harry blinked at it, for the first time tonight caught a bit off guard. "An invitation," blondie explained. "For tomorrow's gala at Riddle manor." Riddle manor. By the gods, just how high on the social ladder were the two lords if they had spare invitations to Riddle's parties? "Ah, I-… You wish me to perform something sir?" Harry absolutely hated himself for stuttering at the beginning. It wouldn't matter, as it underlined his submissive posture beautifully, but it grated on his nerves because it hadn't been planned. "Well a little show would certainly prove entertaining," blondie answered. "But no, nothing scheduled at least. Just as a guest." Harry allowed his eyebrows to rise in scepticism. "I'm not exactly used to such…gatherings…sir." "And that's precisely why you're perfect," blondie smiled insinuatingly. "See, Severus and I have a little philosophical debate going on." Severus . Harry stored the information away for later, though it wouldn't do him much good without knowing their last names. "Oh?" he made interested. "Yes, nature versus nurture . Are manners, behaviour, intelligence and grace inherent, or could they in fact be learned under the right circumstances? For example, as a circus acrobat such as yourself." A lowborn scum was probably what he wanted to say, but he most likely expected Harry to be honoured that he even considered him to have a chance to be anywhere on the same level as the nobles. Harry now also had an answer why two lords of such high standing would be here in the first place. "And what is your stance on the debate sir?" he looked up at blondie openly and unabashed, a gesture reserved between people from the same social circles. Blondie's head tilted in contemplation, a pleased smile tugging at his lips. "I might find myself rethinking my initial position." "And what exactly do you expect me to prove by going to this gala?" Blondie chuckled. "Well now, that would depend entirely on the outcome of the evening, don't you think?" A challenge. It would actually please Harry immensely to mess around with the sheer arrogance of the aristocrats. But going so far away from the circus on his own could be dangerous. A noble would never do anything to him in such a public place, but who knew what went on behind the closed doors of their mansions? He was still convinced their own arrogance would prevent them from laying so much as a finger on him, especially surrounded by their own kind, but it was still a certain risk. "We have shows every evening though," Harry argued. "And if we were to cancel my parts in the performance then-…" "There would be financial compensation of course," blondie interrupted. "We would never want to hinder a hardworking man in his job. However, we are sadly entirely ignorant of how much you make on an evening, but rest assured we're willing to compensate for your loss." A clear offer, an invitation to name a price far beyond what Harry or the whole circus usually gained for their shows. And the circus was always low on money, barely scrapping by. If he stayed alert and careful during the gala then this could only be a win-win situation. And Harry was nothing but confident in his abilities to dance around highborns. He took the envelope from blondie's hands. "It will be my honour to see you there, lord..?" he trailed off, waiting for the man to give him his name. Blondie's pleasure was palpable. "Malfoy." Harry almost dropped the envelope. Apparently he wasn't fast enough to conceal all aspects of his shock, because the lord's smile turned into a smirk. "Please, call me Lucius." He gave him a last onceover before turning around, heading away from the circus, deliberately not waiting for Harry's name. His companion was a bit slower in his retreat, appraising Harry calculatively. Harry remained silent, wondering if the man would give his name without further probing, or if he would simply dismiss him. "Snape," he said finally, curtly. He didn't bother offering him his first name as he stalked after Lucius, robes billowing behind him. Maybe he didn't want Harry using his first name or he had noticed that Harry had already picked it up. Harry stared down at the fine envelope in his hands and felt a jolt of apprehension and excitement rush through him. He had no interest in the highborn court but some names were known everywhere, an integral part of the most general knowledge. Snape was one of them. And you literally couldn't get much higher than Malfoy. Except perhaps the royal family. And Tom Marvolo Riddle, who had come out of nowhere and was whispered to have more power than the king himself. This could be interesting. . . A/N: I mean...it could be interesting? Potentially? So this one actually has a high chance to get a second chapter relatively fast (With Voldemort in it, duh :)). After that I'm not promising anything.