know either. "The freaks probably are tougher than we are. Maybe at least when it comes to the cold?" she offered. Vernon appeared to accept this explanation. "The brat will have to work for its keep." he warned Petunia. "No letting him be pampered like a little prince. We'll keep him sensible and work the freakiness out of him." he declared, feeling prouder of himself for his plan to save Harry from being freaky by the minute. Petunia nodded furiously, just relieved that Vernon hadn't exploded on her for the news. "Damn freaks." Vernon muttered, taking the platter from food from the oven and manoeuvring himself through the narrow doorway to the dining room and plopped down in his oversized, reinforced chair and began to tuck in without fanfare. Harry went eighteen months without a single episode of freakiness, and Vernon had relaxed around the child. "Girl just needed to be in a good, wholesome environment." he bragged to Petunia, bouncing the little boy, barely half Dudley's size, on one knee, with his own son happily bouncing on his other. The cousins were now almost three years old which was, unbeknownst to the Dursleys, generally the very youngest that magical children began demonstrating magical abilities. Petunia was setting the table for supper, and smiled at her little family. She had been so apprehensive when they'd taken Harry in, but things had turned out all right, even if Vernon kept accidentally calling Harry a girl. "Harry's your nephew." she reminded her husband, who looked puzzled. "I know that." he returned. "You're queer sometimes, Pet. Why do you keep telling me that he's a boy?" Petunia bit her lip and didn't respond, but just shrugged and forced a little laugh. He never recalled when he'd slipped and called Harry a her, either. It was downright….freaky. "Supper's ready." she called her boys with a smile. Vernon lumbered to his feet, deposited Harry in the play pen, and carried Dudley over to his chair. Petunia had started the tradition of making Harry watch them eat, and then giving him the leftovers of Dudley's plate. She was determined that the little freaky spawn know from a young age that he was not equal to her Dudders, and that he and his freakiness would always come second to her real son. Vernon was happily oblivious, and thought that Harry was so much smaller due to genetics –freaky, small genetics—rather than the truth that Petunia was overfeeding Dudley, and underfeeding Harry. Harry, hungry and cranky, although he was always quietly sombre, having learned within weeks of his arrival at Privet Drive that making a fuss would result in being ignored even longer, stared longingly at the bottle of milk in Dudley's hand. He sighed and rested his chin on the edge of the playpen, wanting the bottle. Abruptly, the bottle flew from the startled Dudley's grip into Harry's. Astonished at his good fortune, Harry happily sat down and popped the nipple into his mouth and started drinking. Dudley was wailing from angry shock. Vernon shot to his feet, having witnessed the entire thing and bellowed like a wounded bull. "Freakiness!" he shouted. "Pet, he magicked that over to himself!" Petunia turned pale and shaky. Vernon's wrath was to be feared. She had been harder on Harry than she normally would be in an attempt to pre-emptively please her husband, so that he wouldn't feel the need to discipline Harry with the viciousness of which she knew he was capable. Vernon stalked over to Harry and yanked the bottle out of his mouth. Harry shrank and stared up at Vernon with terrified eyes as the man leaned down and spat in his face: "None of your freakiness in this house. You're going to your room." he declared, holding Harry in the air with his grip on the boy's upper arm, then paused. "No, freaks don't have rooms." He decided, and dragged Harry over to the cupboard under the stairs, which was half full of cleaning supplies. Yes, that would do nicely, he concluded. "Pet!" he roared, "go fetch his cot!" Petunia bustled past him up the stairs and fetched Harry's tiny toddler bed, which had been Dudley's till a few weeks before when they'd handed it down to Harry. She stuffed it into the back of the cupboard, and Vernon flung Harry bodily onto it. "Shut up." he hissed into the boy's face, who was whimpering quietly. "I wasted affection on you, you freak." he spat, feeling betrayed and angry. Vernon slammed the cupboard shut and headed straight for the garage in search of a padlock. Freaky little thing was not going to be free to roam the house if he, Vernon Dursley, had anything to do with it. Alone, and in the dark, Harry sat down and leaned against the door of the cupboard and put his face to a tiny crack, seeking the light from the hall as comfort from the oppressive, chemically-scented darkness. He did not cry. A/N: *Reviews make me happy and inspire me to write faster! What did you like, or dislike? *Currently I'm accepted suggestions for what Ayleigh's middle name should be. Go crazy! Be forewarned, it won't be "Lily" no matter what. IMHO, "Ayleigh Lily" really doesn't flow well. *I don't have a beta. Anyone feel the urge to volunteer? I'm writing using U.K English spelling, and I'm going to be trying to use British-isms, so I'd prefer it if any potential betas were from an English Commonwealth country. *As the story goes on, I will be taking suggestions for Harry's romantic partner, although please also include your rational (with book proof of personality compatibility, etc). This partner can be male or female, but be forewarned, it won't be HP/SS, HP/GW, HP/LM, or really anyone from his parents' generation who knew him as a child. Seriously. Gah. *Slightly spoilerific story tags: Senile!Dumbledore, Misguided!Dumbledore, Independent!Harry, genderchange!Harry/fem!Harry, Intelligent!Harry, mpreg (kind of), baby fic... will be added to as I think of more tags.