to an empty bed and a bundle of cold sheets. Reaching out, his hand confirmed his thoughts. Not a trace of warmth on it, the right side of the bed was empty. Her side of the bed was empty. He had damned himself to hope, yet again. Ignoring the faint pang in his chest as if it would make it go away, Draco turned his head to the left and looked at the small clock she insisted be placed on their bedside table. 3:23 in the morning, it read. He had about a couple hours of shuteye before his dreams woke him up. He didn't bother sitting up. In fact, he hardly ever left his—their—room these days except for when he needed to eat. And even then, he mostly barked orders at his house elf to fetch it for him. Draco knew it would piss her off—she had been very adamant about her spew shite back at Hogwarts—but somehow, he could hardly bring himself to care. Not anymore. He looked back at the clock again. Twenty eight minutes past three. May 2nd. Has it really been three years already? Staring blankly at the ceiling, he wondered where all those years had gone. He thought about hollow victories and broken promises. For the first time in a long time, Draco allowed himself to think and ponder and contemplate all the what ifs and if onlys and might haves and could've beens in his pathetic existence. What if he had been more careful? More cautious? If only he had been there beside her. He might have asked her to marry him. Or, if he was still too much of a coward to do that, ask her to move in with him, at the very least. Get his own flat somewhere in Muggle London, perhaps? Merlin forbid he get bombarded with pesky reporters and pureblood elitists who would most certainly sneer at him for 'sullying himself'. Returning to the Manor is out of the question, of course. Not after that hypocritic bastard made it his very own madhouse. No, he would get a place of his own and then ask Granger to live with him. They had shared a room and a bed in Grimmauld Place, anyway, so it's not like they'll be doing anything new. Then, they could have been married after a year or two. Right now, they could have been enjoying their honeymoon in a tropical island like, say, Palau. Too bad none of those happened. How very . . . unfortunate, indeed . Draco gave a wry chuckle. At the corner of his eye, he could see a pillow lying next to his. Her pillow. But then there it was, resting innocently on her side of the bed, unused and forgotten. He didn't have the courage to remove it. He never had the courage. After all, she was the Gryffindor in their twisted relationship, not him. Draco was about to roll over to his side, to face away from her , when a light crinkling noise hit his ears. There was an uncomfortable object digging into his side, and with a little struggle, he sat up and plucked it free. There, in his hand, is an old piece of parchment. Worn at the sides, torn at some edges, too frail from having been folded and unfolded numerous times. Yes, it was a simple scrap of paper, but at that moment, Draco can't help but think he was holding his world at the palm of his shaking hands. For in that old piece of parchment, a letter is written. The words have faded, somehow, and there are large blots of ink everywhere, as if the writer was crying while making it. Knowing her, he's almost certain she did. Draco suddenly can'tseecan'thearcan'tthink and his hands are shaking so fucking bad that he dropped her letter but then he thought, that's okay because I've got it memorized, anyway and godfuckingdamnit he probably fell asleep last night clutching that letter in his chest like a fucking ninny, crying for his mummy— His thoughts were running wild, memories flashing behind his closed eyes , her laugh her smile her adorable scowl her annoying habit of insisting she's always right her little quirks that piss him off the way she put her hands on her hips when she's about to berate him for something he did the furrow between her brows that tells him she's concentrated on something her tears her sobs the way she held him when Narcissa died her hands that always fit in his own like a fucking jigsaw the way she alwaysalwaysalways seemed to know what he feels even if he hasn't voiced it out loud— A sharp pain in his palms made him realize that he had clenched his fists so tight, causing his nails to leave crescent-shaped marks on his skin, but that's alright, he thinks, because the pain in his hands are better than the violent pricks in his chest, so he dug his nails deeperdeeperdeeper and clenched his fists tightertightertighter . But his lungs are shriveled up again and his vision turned black and red and green and blue and yellow and all the colors at once, until it turned into the exact shade of brown in her eyes and it s because he just wants to see those irises again. Just one more time. Her letter lay forgotten somewhere under the bed, but he didn't give a shite because the words are swimming in his brain right now, he didn't need to read it to know what it says. It's practically engraved in his fucking scorched and rotten soul. And there, in his room, in his flat in Muggle London, at forty six minutes past three in the morning, on May 2nd, Draco Malfoy broke down. Dear Draco, If you're reading this letter, that must have meant I didn't make it. I asked Harry to give you this when I . . . ~e n d