and I were both so lonely. I knew a child would fix that, and you're happier now aren't you?" The lies came one after the other, all with ease. The promise in particular was not one. He had forced a child on her as a desperate attempt to keep her tied to him, knowing that she wouldn't dare harm herself for fear of the infant's well being. In truth, he hadn't expected he would have turned out to care so much for the boy but he did and now he was as protective of his son as he was of Hermione. Over the past months he'd come to revere his wife as he hadn't before—for her strength, for creating such a perfect child. After everything she'd been put through, and by him no less—she was nothing short of a divine being in his eyes, and he was more than willing to pay worship. The day of Lucio's birth he had stayed with her all those hours though the mediwitch said there was nothing to worry about. The circumstances of his own birth had yet to be forgotten and he worried that the newborn might be born with the same heart condition he'd had, and was there to ensure that Hermione not do something foolish to try to save her child. The words had been at the tip of his tongue as he'd held her hand even when she screamed at him to leave her alone, that all this was his fault, that she had not wanted this; he had seen the panicked look in the mediwitch's eyes and made sure to Obliviate her after. We'll make another one, he had been prepared to say. Let this one go. There had been no need. Lucio had come, red and squalling, filling the room with his noise and Draco had watched anxiously as Hermione held the squirming bundle to her her breast, her face a contortion of grief and defeat. But those had only lasted a short moment. He had seen the look of love on her face. The fierce look in her eyes as the babe had been taken away from her before she could protest and given to Draco so she could be healed and cleaned. Draco had taken advantage of that to give his son a proper name, as he'd suspected the one his wife had already chosen would not be to his liking. She still had not forgiven him for that. She still had not forgiven him for many, many things. Hermione had calmed down at last and pulled away. "I didn't mean to upset you," he said for the second time that day. "I just wanted to make sure." Hermione sighed. "I'm not going anywhere, Draco." Not like I can, after all you've done. "Come with me," Draco took her hand and led her to their bedroom. Draco led her to the bed and pulled her onto it, settling down comfortably. "What did you do in the village anyhow?" Hermione let him curl around her. His hand rested on her hip. "I took Lucio around to look at the outdoor market. I bought some flowers and we ate at a little restaurant a vendor recommended to us." "Was it good?" He brushed a piece of hair off her forehead. "Yes." "What else?" Her throat felt a little sticky from the cry she'd had earlier. "I bought Lucio some new books and we raced to the cinema. Nothing extraordinary." "You're teaching him about Muggle things?" She gave him stern look. "It's how I was raised, Draco. It's important to me and he'll learn a lot from it." "I didn't say it was a bad thing, Hermione. Maybe you could show me too sometime." She paused for a moment, then remembered herself. "Perhaps." He stood suddenly, undressed, and entered the bathroom. He left the door open as he entered the shower and began to run it. "Where did that come from?" Hermione asked, sitting up. There was a fresh scar she didn't recognize that ran across his thigh. "Someone cut me," was all he said. He was already clean but craved hot water and steam to help him relax. Before coming home from a hunt he made sure to wash all the blood and dirt off. Hermione knew that he hunted, but not what, or how. If she found out she would not be surprised, but it would be another reason to hate him, and she already had plenty. Hermione frowned, unable to imagine a situation in which he had allowed someone to come close enough to physically harm him, much less with a knife. "What was your mission about?" she asked, stepping into the bathroom. The scent of his shampoo filled the air. "Just a meeting with someone else," he said distractedly. "An old acquaintance." "Do I know them?" she asked suspiciously. "Are you jealous?" came his teasing reply. "Never," she said. "I only wondered if they were from Hogwarts." "You'll meet them soon enough," Draco said in a tone that suggested he would say no more. Hermione sighed, and just before she could take one step to leave the room the glass door to the shower stall opened, and steam rushed out. She could see his figure through the steam. He said nothing, but continued to wash himself. Hermione knew he would not ask. She grit her teeth and began to undress. A/N: 'Elle apparatient au diable.'-'She belongs to the devil.' I was supposed to upload this yesterday but got caught up in something else. If you can, please leave a review and let me know what you think. I'm excited to finally share this. Thank all for reading and your support with my other stories. Updates will be slow, warning you now. I know that 'His' was meant to be the last chapter in the HLB series but the story's never left my mind, and I wanted to give it the ending it deserves. XO C