take Supreme Mugwump position in '89, so anything is possible. A Purity Legion Minister, as terrifying as that would be, is not as insane as it may seem. Lucius Malfoy's deep pockets have swayed many a decision in the past, and if he abandons Fudge he may turn to someone like Selwyn or Parkinson as his new proxy in the Wizengamot. God help us if they manage to dig themselves in and seize power. Another possible choice is Rufus Scrimigeour, Head of the Auror Department. A man with all the savage brutality of Barty Crouch but none of the moral authority, Scrimgeour has managed to convince his peers that he possess the resolve necessary to take on a revived Voldemort. Conventional wisdom would place Amelia Bones on the short-list by virtue of her position, and she certainly is a possibility, but I wouldn't consider her chances too great. In the event of a total Fudge implosion, Bones would likely be pulled down in the shitstorm, and if Fudge is defeated in a smaller partisan skirmish Snelling and Umbridge are in much better positions to seize control. Aurora Green of the Left-Liberals is also a long-shot possibility, one that, if I'm being completely honest, warms my cold, bitter heart. Green built her career railing by against Fudge and every hateful, sinister impulse that he represents. She alone stands against the Aldenites within her party and scumsucking fascists without. Unfortunately, her possession of a moral compass all but disqualifies her for party leadership, let alone the most powerful position in the country. Still, it's fun to daydream about. Then there's Gregor Alden, a magical Quisling if there ever was one. Elected to check Fudge's blind and tyrannical overreach, he utterly failed to rally his party to do anything to fight placing Dementors around Hogwarts, folded on the issue of muggleborn protections, and colluded with Fudge's goons to get Alivia Wolf forced out of office. Alden is a two-faced swindler who could shake your hand and stab you in the back at the same time. He is, of course, the most likely opposition figure to replace Fudge, if you can even call him opposition. Behind all this is the spectre of Voldemort, hanging over Tiberian and blood-purist alike. People like to conflate the Purity Legion with Death Eaters, which isn't completely undeserved, but the reality is more complicated. Blood purism has a long and colorful history in magical Britain that does not, in fact, begin and end with Lord Voldemort, as many North Americans seem to believe. At the beginning of the century, that purebloods were superior was taken for granted, even by many muggleborns. This was increasingly challenged in the following decades, particularly in response to Grindlewald's War. By the 1960's, there was even a muggleborn Minister of Magic. Many of the old pureblood families did not take kindly to this, and a reactionary quasi-fascist ideology emerged, with the support of several of the powerful pureblooded aristocrats like the Malfoys, the Blacks, and the Lestranges. Unlike the old school pureblood supremacists, these individuals were not content to avoid muggles and muggleborns, resolving instead to exterminate or enslave them. It was an ideology influenced by Grindlewald, but was far more inclined to violence, authoritarianism within the wizarding community, and anti-muggleborn sentiment. Voldemort latched on to this new movement, using it to gather support and rise to power. While the blood-purists of the 1800s like Gregory Flint and Winston Lanford supported ostracizing muggleborns and avoiding muggles, it wasn't until the 1960s that there was any amount of support for actual violence against muggleborns. Voldemort actually had broad support from within the wizarding community of Britain during the early 1970s, with only a few major pureblood families dissenting and even large amounts of halfbloods in support. In 1974, however, Voldemort and his followers began openly attacking people, in contrast to the earlier days when they were content to simply marginalize them in society and disappear the odd person here or there. What we all remember, from when it became international news, was the period from 1976 to 1981, when Voldemort's followers waged open war on the ministry and killed their opponents en masse. This became an issue for many of the Lanfordians, who claimed that the war was detrimentally impacting the British economy (i.e., they were starting to be personally hurt). They also opposed the killings of "bloodtraitors". They wouldn't say it publicly, but a lot of them looked down on Voldemort, considering him to be an uncultured upstart, with no respect for tradition. We don't really know what Voldemort thought about these people, if he thought anything, because he didn't exactly publish any op-eds in the Daily Prophet. What I'm getting at here is that people like Matilda Selwyn won't necessarily be thrilled to learn that Voldemort has returned. They value their ideology, but they value their personal fortunes more, and any kind of open war could potentially threaten that. I wouldn't be shocked if people like Lucius Malfoy would prefer to continue using his soft power in the Ministry to oppress muggleborns, rather than threaten the post-war stability that has served him so well. The Lanford brand of racism is still alive and well in Britain, to the point that high ranking, mainstream politicians like Fudge and Umbridge have displayed a shocking amount of anti-muggleborn sentiment, far more than what would have been acceptable in the 1980's. Still, as much as I hate them, neither Fudge nor Umbridge has shown any indication of supporting Voldemort. It's impossible to really guess what impact another war would have on the politics of Britain, but if the last war was any guide, the situation is inclined to shift wildly from day to day. Fuck whatever Jackson is covering in Algeria, this could actually end up being interesting. [1] Slang for Arcturaltine, a magical psychoactive drug similar to cocaine [2] American exclamation similar to Merlin. [3] Radical wizard ideology. Effectively the equivalent of calling someone a Marxist.