he asked, "W-W-What?" "Well," Ella replied, giving off another manic-sounding giggle that had Harry's ears ringing with alarm bells, doubly-more so now that he knew who she worked for, "Perhaps I should say I used to do what he said: now, my love, I only do what you want." "Why would you…" Harry began, before the alarms in his head finally got through to him and, reaching for his wand in his back pocket, he asked warily, "Who are you?" "You mean you never figured it out?" asked Ella with a sigh, "I guess it was inevitable: they always did say that my rituals and spell work were some of my best work, but I had to get close to you, to be with you again, sweet Harry!" "Why me?" asked Harry. "Because you made me hungry," answered Ella, her voice now holding a cold, dark edge to it as she told him, "Hungry for more of our little game: you do still know how to play our little game, don't you?" Harry's eyes widened… 'No it couldn't be her.' thought Harry as the way Ella talked suddenly changed, changed into someone he hoped he wouldn't see again for a while. "Itty…" "No," whispered Harry, watching as Ella lifted one hand. "Bitty…" "Not you!" "Baby…" Ella's other hand removed a ring she was wearing, where with a shimmer, like a mirage being lifted, the dark skin and voluptuous looks vanished, revealing the horror of Harry's life. The source of his dark side's birth. A lady who was taller than Ella, she had a gaunt and skull-like face, with long, thick shiny dark hair, thin lips, heavily-lidded eyes with long eyelashes, and a strong jaw. Whilst she wasn't as good looking as Ella was, but Azkaban Harry suspected would do that to a lady, but Harry still found Bellatrix beautful in a dark and twisted sort of way. "Potter," Bellatrix Lestrange cackled, her eyes filled with love and lust as she told him, "Surprise: thank you for such a lovely night, my sweet, beautiful and darkly-delicious husband!" "How in the he…" Harry began, before his eyes widened and his blood turned to ice as he asked shakily, "What… what did you just say?" "You heard me, my love," Bellatrix cackled, approaching him before she picked up the potion vial and, holding it up in front of his eyes, she added, "Last night, my sweet lover, thanks to this lickle baby in here, your Bella became yours for real and you became mine." Harry wanted to do a thousand and one different things at that moment, but since he was more stunned and disbelieving than he'd ever felt in his life, his mind went with number one. He fainted. o0OoO0o "Well… that went somewhat better than suspected." Bellatrix said with a twisted smile, she was half suspected that he would have attacked her, hurt her when he found out about who she was - not that she would have minded if he did, she was now his and he could do what he wanted to her. Bellatrix heaved a sigh as she bent down and, picking Harry up like he was her bride, she let him rest his head against her breasts as she whispered, "Rest now my love: your Bella's here now. And no-one's going to stop you again… not while I'm around." Then, without another word, Bellatrix twisted on the spot and Apparated away from the apartment, taking nothing but her true form with her. Well, that and her new husband, Harry Potter. To be Continued! Author's Note: Here ends the rework of DZ2's story, Her Black Rose, I would like to thank him for allowing me to adopt this story. It is a good story, and it shouldn't be left alone, I just hope I done it justice, you the readers let me know. I would like you all for reading, and for those who are DZ2's readers, I would like to ask if you could read some of mine if you enjoyed this. I hope you liked the few things that I've added, the show signs as to why Harry distrust the Headmaster and his friends. I've also wrote a tiny bit about his dark side that he has, and how he fought it for so long. Now whilst this is Unbeta Read, I do have a Beta Reader for this story, but with him going to Uni, and also having four of his own fics he is working on, Beta Reading will be slow. So because of this, it is why I'm posting the story Unbeta Read, but will repost when it is Beta Read. But if you think you can help and make this better, and easier for my Beta Reader to work on when he gets to it, I would like to hear from you. The next chapter will be like DZ2's Chapter 2, but like this chapter I'll be adding more to it, having Harry's Dark Side showing more, and not have him falling for Bellatrix as easy. I don't mind Harry/Bellatrix stories, but in this one, it would be strange to see Harry falling for her instantly. Bellatrix was the one who killed his Godfather, and made it so that his Dark Side that he fought against for so long was now free. I can see that to repay her for this, he would 'play' with her for a while. But I would like to hear your thoughts about that. Once again, I would like you all for reading, and I hope you all enjoyed the story. I would like to ask though to spare a few more minutes and give me some feedback as to what you think of the story, please don't flame, I want reviews that can help and not hinder me. I would like to hear any ideas you might have for the story too… along if you think I done the story justice, and is better or not.