. There is something oddly comforting these moments, something almost peaceful, and Bart knows that no matter what happens next these moments will stay engraved in his mind, memories blazing bright. It's not until the sun does rise that he understands that it wasn't just the nightmare that woke him up. No, that was the terribly familiar sound of the canon, sounding too many times. Only two Tributes left, he notes with an edge of hysteria, and looking at the teenager that's just starting to stir in front of him, he realizes just who they are. This wasn't supposed to happen like this, he thinks, and he wants to laugh – if he starts, though, he won't be able to stop. .x. "So we're the only ones left," Regulus states flatly. He doesn't really what to feel. He isn't sure he feels anything anymore, not right now. He slept right through the sounds of the canon being fired, and that they're the only two Tributes left – that one of them will win, will have to… (but that thought is too horrible to finish, even only in his own mind) – doesn't feel quite real. Barty nods and licks his lips. His eyes shy away from Regulus'. "Yeah. Who'd have thought?" The joke falls flat, though Regulus can appreciate the attempt. "You should kill me," Regulus hears himself say. He doesn't know where the words are coming from, but as he says them he knows they're right. "What? No, no way!" Barty's immediate refusal and anger is flattering, but Regulus has never felt more sure about anything in his life. He grabs Barty's hands and clenches them tight in his, pulling them to his chest and dragging Barty closer in the same move. "It makes perfect sense," Regulus continues. "We both know I wouldn't have made it if you hadn't helped me, and you'd have won then anyway. Besides, you saved me – it's only fair I get to return the favor." He smiles a little, a sad turn of his lips. His eyes sting for some reason, and he finds himself blinking away tears. "Exactly!" Barty protest. "I saved you, I'm not about to turn around and, and kill you now. That makes no sense, no sense at all." There is something in Barty's desperate tone, in the way his eyes burn with a kind of mad fire still, that makes Regulus swallow back his next words. " Please ," he begs, and something in Regulus breaks. He lets go of Barty's hands and pulls the other Tribute in for a messy kiss instead. There's a moment, right before Barty returns the kiss, where everything goes still, like the world's holding its breath with them. "You realize that the whole world's watching us right now, don't you?" Barty says when they part, but for once his voice sounds amused, and Regulus savors the sound like it's the greatest of treasures. With a courage Regulus didn't know he possessed, he tugs Barty down in a possessive kiss, his voice a breathless growl against Barty's ear. "Then let's give them something to watch." Barty's next kiss is bruising in his intensity, and his eyes burn like molten lava, but Regulus returns the kiss with the same intensity, fingers digging into Barty's biceps. They move, eventually. It's awkward, and clumsy, but also oh so good. Barty drinks Regulus' gasps like they're Ambrosia and Regulus digs his nails in the other boy's back until he feels the skin break, the only wound he will ever allow himself to inflict on Barty. Later, when they're lying together, breathless and half naked, Regulus rummages through his clothes until he finds one of his daggers. It slides out of its sheath with nary a sound, and Regulus spends a long time staring at its sharp edge, and the way the metal catches the light. With a flip, he offers it handle first to Barty, whose lazy smile freezes on his face as he sees what Regulus is handing him, and Regulus hates himself a little for that. "No," he breathes out, and his voice sounds wrecked. Regulus thinks he hates himself a little for that too. "Please," Regulus says, his plea an echo of Barty's earlier one, pushing the dagger in Barty's hands. "It's better this way," he tries to explain, even though he knows that no words can ever be right for the way he's feeling right now – for the way he just knows that he could never kill Barty. "If I," Barty swallows visibly, eyes wild as a trapped animal, "if I do this, they'll win." There's no need to say who 'they' are. Regulus smiles, and it looks dead already. "They'll win anyway. They always do." Barty makes a keening sound, but he accepts the dagger. His fingers wrap carefully around the hilt, and Regulus smiles again, this time a little softer, a little relieved. He doesn't say thank you , because this is not the kind of thing you give thanks for, but the feeling must show on his face anyway because Barty keens again, his grip on the dagger tightening until his knuckles turn white. Finally, Barty nods, and without another word, pulls Regulus in for another bruising kiss and a tight embrace. He feels the cool smoothness of metal against his skin for an instant before the warm wetness of blood replaces it, and he shuts his eyes as tight as he can, readying himself for the pain. It never comes. Instead, he stumbles when Barty's grip on him suddenly turn lax, his lips no longer moving against Regulus' as he exhales his last breath. Barty falls back, the dagger that should have been meant for Regulus sticking out of his chest. He is still smiling. The canon shot is still echoing when Regulus yanks the blade out, vision blurry with tears, and slides it in between his own ribs. He dies with Barty's name still on his lips.