to practice it in secret up until that point. The first thing he did was stay in his room whenever he could. The staff at the orphanage had actually set up his room so that they were able to mess with the pipes for the AC and heating slightly, and always make it either just cool enough in his room in the winter, or just warm enough in the summer to make him uncomfortable, without making it stand out too much in case there was ever an inspection. As a result of this, however, they had unknowingly given Roy a perfect training area for his magic when he started. Because Roy had the abilities of a Fire Dragon Slayer, and was working on bettering all of them, he decided to use that to his advantage, and start his magic training, by attempting to raise or lower the heat inside of his body. So, the months followed with him staying in his room during his free time, raising his inner body temperature to practice controlling his magic, and watching more of Fairy Tail, eventually "meeting" Gajeel during the Phantom Lord Arc, and watching through the "Battle of Fairy Tail" arc, quietly cheering when Natsu beat Laxus so that the staff didn't know what he was doing. Eventually, spring rolled around and Roy decided it would be best if he finally started working on his actual magic spells. So, when the snow had finally melted, he decided to use his free time to head into the forest near the orphanage, and practice out there. The very first day, he wasn't actually able to practice any magic like he planned, since he'd spent all his time there getting an area ready for him to practice, and clearing it of any brush, leaves, or anything else that might have easily caught fire in his training, and accidentally started a forest fire. The day afterwards however, Roy began small. Simply attempting to encase his right fist in fire, like he'd seen Natsu do multiple different times. It took some time, but eventually, he'd lit his fist, and a bit of his wrist, on fire like the Salmon haired Dragon Slayer. Then, he started punching the ground. He couldn't very well use the actual spell yet, due to his lack of training in the magic department up to then, but he could still practice the basics of it. In the weeks that followed, Roy focused on lighting different parts of his body on fire and practicing the movements of the magic spells he would eventually use. Ranging from his arms and hand, legs and feet, his head, and eventually, he lit his entire body on fire. The efforts were tiring, but Roy knew that in the long run, it would be worth it to practice all of this. Unfortunately, he knew that there was one spell that would be extremely difficult for him to practice. One that was practically impossible to do. The Roar. The destruction that would cause, and the fact that he was in the middle of a forest, made it so that if he ever actually attempted to use it, he could very well burn the entire forest, or at least a good chunk of it, to the ground. So, he simply continued to train in the "hand to hand combat" type of spells that Roy had seen the Salmon haired Dragon Slayer use. On Sunday June 1st, 2013, Roy was still forced to work by the staff, none of them giving a damn, or not knowing, that it was his birthday. However, Roy was used to this, and so he treated the day like it was any other. However, when his day was done, he made the decision to stay up the entire night, and watched through the entire Nirvana Arc. He was fairly tired the next morning, but a quick meal of oven fire made it so that he could at least make it through the morning until lunch. He did the same thing then, in order to get through the rest of the day, and when dinner came around, he simply had the scraps of food left over, and headed off to bed to sleep. For around the next 2 months, Roy continued to live and work at the orphanage, and used his free time to train in the use of his magic, and other skills. And then came that fateful day. The day he received his first ever letter. Author's Note Part 2: Well guys, here it was, a brief overview of Roy Black's life before Hogwarts. I didn't delve too deep into it, since 1: I'll probably reveal actual situations and scenes from his life during these years later in the series, and 2: Let's be honest, we want to get to his school years. That being said the next chapter is gonna be his first year at Hogwarts. And yes, you read that right. I said it's going to be his first year at Hogwarts, not "the start to his first year at Hogwarts". Essentially, my plan for this story is as follows. This chapter was meant as an introduction to this story, and a bit of what I have planned for it. The next chapter is going to encompass the entirety of Roy's first year at Hogwarts with his classmates, and the third chapter will be his second year. Following that, the rest of the years at Hogwarts will have a lot more focus placed on them, and span multiple chapters each. However, because of the way that I'm planning on writing out the next two chapters, you can be sure that they'll make up for the shortened length of this one. I'd estimate at least 10,000 words for each one. Hopefully out within the next few days, considering my current schedule. So, with all this being said, I hope you've enjoyed this chapter, and I look forwards to seeing you all in the next one!