head and the light comes back on. But she is still standing there, her eyebrow furrowed—her arms full of books and parchment. I get a grip on myself. It's 9:45pm—I'm late. "Yeah," I say, gathering up my files as well. "I'm actually supposed to meeting Seamus at the Manor." I get up to leave, and like I expected—she follows me. Not that I mind, this is the first time we've spoken since Astoria—and I guess her first time since what happened with Weasley. I'm curious to ask, but I won't. "To work on the case?" She asks, curious as well. "Uh no." Yes. I lie. It should have felt natural, but it felt so wrong. To lie to her, but I'm already late and there are too many questions that I don't have answers to. "Seamus bought some Muggle Picture Box in London, we're supposed to be enchanting it to watch the Quidditch game tonight." I smirk. "Don't worry, Granger, it isn't against the law." I catch her smile, and I hate myself for not staying to talk more. I hate myself for not sparking any other interesting conversations- something that would lead to me asking her to dinner. Or inviting her over to work on the case. But I made a promise to someone—and I don't want to hurt her. "Catch you tomorrow, yeah?" I finally say. She smirks. "You know where to find me." Where did Hermione Granger go after that? I didn't stick around to check. I headed towards the floo, where I pick my destination. Malfoy Manor. I can already feel the adrenaline rushing through my veins—as if this is the first time. I take a deep breath, remembering my past mistakes and focusing on tonight's mission. As the green flames disappear, Seamus is waiting for me down in the dungeons. I take no time to look around the Manor, it hasn't been the same in a while. It's empty and lifeless—I never walk around it anymore. I stay hidden in the dungeons, where I am literally imprisoned by my thoughts and regrets. It is to remind me of my promise. I reach the final steps and I can see the glow from Muggle television I bought from that pawn shop in Surrey. Yes, I lied to Granger about the television, but what good would have came out of it if I told her the truth? Seamus is half-blood, so making him the accused buyer made it all more practical for her to believe. "Is it up?" I ask, stepping into the dungeons. For a moment, I stop and stare at the room. It isn't the cold and miserable dungeon it used to be—I've changed some things since my parents moved to Paris and left me the estate. For starters, I got rid of all the dungeons. It gave me more room for my other hobbies. And it gave Seamus the perfect idea to expand his office space. "Almost." My partner replies. He flicks his wand and the television glows a bright blue. And then goes black, and then pops back on. Another flick, and the one television turns into four. What I am looking at now, is unbelievable. "It's the whole map of-" "Diagon Alley." I say through my admiration. What I am looking at now, is complete surveillance on every shop, pub, and street in Diagon Alley. This is a huge upgrade from the enchanted maps me and Seamus used to use. Muggle technology finally has its breakthrough in the wizarding world. "And that's not all." Seamus says. "Watch this. Show me Gringotts Bank, Main Lobby." Like a switch being flicked, the televisions switch to Gringotts's main lobby. I pat Seamus on his back—my way of commending him of his work. He takes his usual position in his chair, admiring his new setup, while I begin to get dressed. That is when Seamus begins our next conversation. "So, are you going to tell me why you made the Vigilante seem like the anti-Christ in Potter's office?" I pull on my boots. "You know why, Seamus. Potter needs to think we're like everyone else." "Yeah," He says, but I know my answer doesn't satisfy him. "But really? He has no regard for magical law enforcement…he's no better than Nott… blah blah blah." "You remember what happened last week? The Vigilante almost became enemy number one." Seamus rolls his eyes. "It was one Auror, Draco. And it was Finch-Fletchley. He deserved it." "No, he didn't." I tighten my gloves and conjure my hair black. "The Vigilante isn't supposed to be a menace, but we can't ignore his faults. He has to be better." "What happened to stopping petty thefts and raiding Death Eater hideouts? I miss those days." I laugh. "Those days ended a long time ago." I grabbed my final piece, placing it over my head. The only thing you can see now are my eyes. And even if my mask is removed, I made my hair black—remember? Seamus hands me my "other" wand. "Our source from the bank says that the Nott's family vault is number 7618." "Which is the deepest part of the bank," I nod. "And the most heavily guarded." "I'll be watching from the screens, but once you get inside the vault—you're on your own." I smirk, accepting the challenge. Whatever it took to keep Nott behind bars and to stop whatever this was from becoming something worse. Right now, I am now longer Draco Malfoy, a Class A Auror for the Ministry of Magic. I am something else. "Nothing the Vigilante can't handle." I step back into the floo, focusing all of my energy on the picture of Gringotts's Main Lobby. Before I disappear in the crowd of blue and red flames I hear Seamus's next words. "And don't kill anyone!" Hello Everyone. No, I have not abandoned Taken—I'm just taking time off to work up some new ideas. Taken Book 3 will continue shortly. But for now, enjoy! ~TheeStoryTeller