it completely took his breath away. "Ron", she spoke softly, slowly placing her hand down on her lap, the taste of her fingers lingering on Ron's lips like he had just eaten a particularly spicy curry. "Are you – were you going to propose?", she asked. Ron gave a small sigh of defeat as he nodded. "I'm sorry, Hermione. I wanted it to be perfect, because that's what you deserve", he told her, staring into the same darkness that she had been staring into just moments before, too ashamed to look her. "Ron. Look at me", she spoke softly once more. Following instruction, Ron looked back at her, surprised to find her smiling warmly at him, her eyelashes blinking away the last of the tears that remained in her big brown eyes as she looked deep into his. He felt like she was staring right into his soul. "You could propose to me in a dirty old abandoned warehouse that smelt like – like dragon tartare and it would still be perfect!", she told him enthusiastically, placing the palm of her hand softly against his cheek. "Because it would be you", she finished sweetly, looking at him with such love in her eyes that Ron started to wonder why he was so worried in the first place. Reacting impulsively, Ron suddenly got down on one knee, snugly crouched between the coffee table and Hermione's knees. "You're bloody brilliant you are. And you – I can only imagine the mess I'd be without you. You know I'm not really into all that mushy crap but – but you complete me. I'm better when I'm with you. I'm still a prat sometimes, but I'm better", he paused as she chuckled, sniffing slightly as he suddenly took her left hand in his. "I've never been any good at making decisions but I'm pretty confident that I want to spend the rest of my life with you. If you'll let me", he continued, the pair were still for a moment as he watched her eyes shifting between his in awe. "Hermione, will you marry me?", he finally asked. He felt like his heart was in his throat, his cheeks flushed a bright shade of red and everything seemed to go in slow motion as he witnessed more small tears falling from her eyes as she gently squeezed his hand. "Yes, Ron. Yes, I will", she sniffed, grinning brightly. Did he hear that right? Did Hermione Granger just agree to marry him! She crashed her lips into his, running her hands through his hair as she moved her mouth softly against his. Ron placed his large hands on top of her thighs, feeling too many emotions to list as his head whirled. They parted lips slowly, their foreheads coming together as Hermione looked lovingly into his eyes. "I wish I had a ring for you", he told her honestly. Hermione suddenly sat back, a thoughtful look on her face before she grabbed her shining wand from the table. "Accio ring", she said, holding her hand out when a small gold ring glided into the living room and landed in the palm of her hand. It was quite a beautiful ring. The band was but a small one, and it bared a small orange diamond, centred by a dozen smaller white diamonds. "This was my grandmother's ring. I know whatever ring you would've picked out would have been wonderful, but, I know my grandmother would've loved me to wear this", she smiled fondly. Ron nodded in agreeance as he took the ring from her palm, taking her left hand back within his own and gently sliding the ring onto her ring finger. "It's perfect", he told her, smiling warmly as he leaned into kiss her once more. As he moved his lips against hers, his fingers getting lost in her beautiful mess of hair, he felt a slight nudging sensation. A ringing in his ear came out of nowhere as he struggled to shake it… His eyes began to flutter open as he gave a stretch and sat up slowly in his bed. As he allowed his eyes to come into focus, he noticed the bed sheets felt quite damp which he had put down to him sweating, a frequent occurrence whenever he dreamed about Hermione. "Ron!", her alarmed voice fully awoke him. She was at up on top of the duvet beside him, a worried expression plastered across her face. "I think my waters broke", she told him. Ron's eyes widened at the news. Without even thinking, he jumped up out of bed, rushing towards the wardrobe where he took out a large travel bag and placed it by the foot of the bed before rushing to her side, wrapping his arm gently around her waist as he helped her stand. "Are you alright? Are you in any pain?", he asked hurriedly. "I'm fine, I don't feel anything yet", she told him. But it appeared that she had spoken too soon as she suddenly doubled over, yelping in pain as she pressed her hand firmly against her bump. Whilst still holding her up, Ron took out his wand and muttered 'accio bag' as the bag flew to his side. "It's going to be okay. Let's get you to the hospital", he told her reassuringly, she nodded enthusiastically as he began to help her out of their bedroom door and down the stairs. He hated seeing her in any kind of pain, and although he was careful to hide it, he was worried out of his mind. But he remembered what he had learnt from the many books he had read on pregnancy. He would be supportive and reassuring no matter what. And even amongst the long list of strange, familiar and terrifying emotions he was feeling, he couldn't quite believe that in a matter of hours, the absolute love of his life would give birth to their daughter, and that he would become a father.