did he was hounded by jeers of "mediocre dunce" and "ludicrous fool" as well as the blaring music of American muggle pop. Frank didn't think he'd ever seen anything quite this surreal, and that said a lot, but seeing the name Vampire Potter somehow caused him to relax. If this was Lily Riddle, if this was her, then there was explanation, and surely there was some inexplicable vision behind this madness. "Well then, I do wish she'd told us before all of this," Frank said, "And that she'd been turned." Stefan just glared at him though, like he was missing something important, "Frank, you whipped moron, look at the picture of the band." Frank looked at the picture, the caption listing the members beneath, Ebony (spelled Enoby) Way as the lead singer and lead guitarist, Diabolo Weasley on drums, B'loody Mary Smith, Draco Malfoy (looking far different than Lucius Malfoy ever had), Haagrid, and Vampire Potter… Only, it was not Eleanor Potter or Lily Riddle staring back at him, but instead a young man with dark hair and an extremely pale face. And to the side, there staring at all of them dully, a look of distaste and unease written all over her face, was a somehow older Lily Riddle (looking closer to that age she had been back in 1945). "Well," Frank said slowly, only found there was nothing for him to say, or think, and that only one word really sufficed, "Fuck." He wrote her no less than three times but there was no response, more, the letters were returned, somehow failing even to reach her. And several weeks in Frank was starting to get worried. For whatever reason, likely being under Lily Riddle's protection, they were immune but no one else seemed to be. Pink or black, those seemed to be the only choices, you wore either pink or black, worshipped Christ or Satan, were a prep or a goth. Any other distinction from one man to another, including that coveted blood status, creature heritage, even the goddamn Hogwarts house were completely lost. And business had gone… downhill in England. Or, well, there didn't seem to be much of a point to it anymore. "Hey, Frank?" Friedrich asked, carrying yet another barrel filled with cash, "The Satanists donated again." "…How wonderful," Frank muttered, lying upside down on the couch, watching reruns of 'Seinfeld' with the rest of them, feeling closer he had to 1937 than he had in a long time. Overhead, blowing out their own speakers, to combat the constant thrum of gothic music from the street, was Iron Butterfly's "In Agada Da Vida". It wasn't helping much. "Well, I think it's good, I mean, we've never had this much good business," Friedrich said, "Not even in the 70's." "Hm," Frank said, trying to ignore the sound of Stefan slurping blood next to him from a soda can, and Claude chewing on a blood pop. "Any word from the boss?" "Nope," Frank said, but if the papers held any truth or coherency to them anymore, then Lily Riddle had quite the situation on her hands already. Draco Malfoy had been reported dead, then kidnapped, then forced into bondage play with both Voldemort and Peter Pettigrew (who had been shot violently to death by Ebony Way with a hand gun, that Christian son of a whore). Ellie Potter, in an offhand comment, had been marked as being present, but the focus had once again been on Ebony Way and her relationship with Draco Malfoy as well as Vampire, Harry, Potter. The Albanians at least, didn't seem to be having this problem, neither was Yugoslavia, but that said Aleksander had mentioned something about the wizards giving up their resistance out of the blue, having all converted to Satanism, so perhaps it was only a matter of time before they were as infested as England. The poor bastards just didn't know it yet. "What the fuck are we going to do, Frank?" Stefan asked, clawing at his face. "There might be nothing to do," Frank muttered, "Wizards have always been an odd breed, and there is some poetic underwhelming justice, that this might be their final state of decline." "Not very satisfying," Claude said, "And they'd probably just crown us some kind of dark gods anyway, seems like it's headed in that direction." Frank just hummed his agreement. They'd thrown him out of every establishment, had forced him into the gutter, they'd taken everything from his people, and now they decided that vampires were the greatest things they'd ever seen and were killing themselves just to get a chance at licking their feet. Sometimes literally. Perhaps he should try infiltrating Hogwarts, finding Lily Riddle directly, but something stopped him. The thought that she already knew, and was somehow, inconceivably losing. This, perhaps, was their last sanctuary, the place where she herself might be forced to retreat to when Hogwarts itself was lost with those few she managed to drag out with her. So in the meantime, he watched television upside down, all MTV music videos of some horrible man named Marilyn Manson, the song "In Agada Da Vida" forever on loop inside headquarters. " In agada da vida, honey, don't you know that I love you? In agada da vida, baby, don't you know that I'll always be true? " Oh, won't you come with me and take my hand? Oh, won't you come with me and walk this land? Please, take my hand." Author's Note: Written for the 200th good revieow (sorry, I couldn't resist) of "My Immortal Lily and the Art of Bringing Me to Life" by Relent1ess who asked for a story detailing what our friend Frank has been up to while all this goffik madness is going down. Also, Frank once again returns for a side story, why am I not surprised? Thanks to readers and reviewers, I appreciate them good revieows. And flammers, stop flammin. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or My Immortal