for Hermione and Severus. It had taken a while for Ginny to stop crying once the adrenaline subsided and the shock eased. Molly was gripping Arthur's hand as she prayed for the girl she thought of as a daughter and the man she saw as a wayward son. Time ticked slowly for them until a nurse came out to let them know that Hermione and the baby had made it through the labor. They were weaker than they would have liked, but both showed strong vital signs and would recover. Both were conscious and just a little worse for wear. Sighs of relief and cheers resounded in the room. An hour later, a disheveled Severus Snape emerged from the back and gave them all a tired, elated smile. "We have a son! Hermione is doing okay… She's sleeping now. And Sebastian Gryffin Snape, although he gave us quite the scare, is perfect… He's perfect." And, in an uncharacteristic show, Severus collapsed. Harry and Remus caught him before he could hit the floor, the man clearly overwhelmed and relieved. He had been terrified that his wife and child would die and while he had been strong, it was all just hitting him now that he could have lost them. Everybody gathered around Severus to offer him support before Harry and Ginny escorted him back to Hermione and Sebastian. SSHGSSHGSSHG "And that was how you first met Uncle Harry and Aunt Ginny… You had given us all such a scare and we were all so relieved that you and your mummy were going to be alright." Severus finished the tale that Hermione had begun, because she only remembered the moments immediately after birthing their son and then eventually awaking later after all the chaos. Sebastian had sat riveted, his breakfast finished, and some crumbs around his mouth. "I sorry I scared you…" He said after a moment. Sebastian was a sensitive child and although he loved to hear the story of when he was born, because there was no doubt how much his parents loved him by the emotion in their voices alone throughout the tale, he also felt bad for scaring them. "Never apologize, Seb. Your entrance into the world is a reminder that you are your mother's child… Amazing and insufferable." Severus quipped as he took a sip of coffee. Hermione playfully scowled at her husband and laughed. "Yes, sweetheart. There's nothing to apologize for. You are the greatest gift mommy and daddy could have asked for… No matter how you arrived." She assured their son. Their words made the little boy beam. Just then, the floo activated and Molly Weasley emerged. She was always the first visitor on Sebastian's birthday morning and their son knew who it was without even seeing her. "Grandma Molly!" Sebastian squealed, scrambling down from his booster seat to greet her. "Oh! My birthday boy! Look at how you've grown!" She chirped as she picked him up and settled him on her hip. She had just seen him last week for the regular Sunday dinner at the Burrow, but always remarked that he grew from week-to-week as it always made the little boy glow. "I did grow, Grandma Molly! I did! Are you going to make my birthday cake?" He asked as she carried him back into the kitchen were Hermione and Severus were cleaning up breakfast. "Don't I always?" She responded, setting him back down. It was a tradition that made Molly burst with pride. The Snape's had let her and Arthur fulfill the role of surrogate grandparents to Sebastian, as Hermione's parents had never regained their memories. Every birthday, she arrived first thing in the morning to bake his birthday cake. He loved to watch and help alongside her. It was their special thing as she only did this for Sebastian. Her other grandchildren had their own traditions, but this was Sebastian's thing. They set to work in the kitchen to bake his cake before they rest of the party arrived at noon. SSHGSSHGSSHG It was 2pm in the afternoon and the party after letting the kids play for well over an hour, it was time to let the birthday boy blow out his candles. It was a muggle tradition that the Snape family wholeheartedly embraced. Sebastian was sitting on his father's lap with his mother right next to them. He was beaming with joy as everybody in their large, extended family began to sing Happy Birthday to him. Fred Weasley and George Weasley operated Wizarding cameras while Arthur Weasley held a muggle one in his hands to take pictures. Molly was still fussing to make sure that everybody had plates, napkins, and utensils. Around the table sat James and Albus Potter, Rose and Hugo Weasley, Scorpius and Lyra Malfoy, Victoire and Alfie Weasley, and Teddy Lupin with their respective parents standing behind them. When they finished singing to Sebastian, they encouraged him to blow out his four candles. Severus watched, his heart bursting with love, as their family encouraged and cheered on his son who leaned forward to blow out his candles. Sebastian's eyes were twinkling and he was clapping his hands having gotten them all on the first try. There was a ruckus as everybody shouted variations of "Happy Birthday, Seb" or "Happy Birthday, Sebastian!" There was even a "Joyeux Anniversaire, Sebastian!" heard from both Victoire and Fleur Weasley. He swallowed hard when he felt Hermione's hand rest on his hand that held their son carefully on his lap. He looked down at his wife as his eyes conveyed the feelings that overwhelmed him. Pride. Love. Happiness. All in abundance and all which he had never imagined belonging to him. Yet here he was, grateful for a family that not only cared for him and his wife, but also loved his son. Severus had never once had a good birthday, but he was pleased to see that his son would have many happy ones so long as he could help it.