I've explored the whole thing, no wizards around here – he was a muggle, right? Snape, it's a muggle name. You lived here, with him, but you weren't a normal family, were you? I've been to normal families' houses. They're warm, lived in. There's a television or a radio, and the walls are plastered with pictures. But there were never any pictures here – the paint is old, but untouched; nothing's ever been hung up. I said I like it here, and that's because it's easy – it's empty, there's nothing; it's easy to live in for me, because I like the nothing." "Potter," he said warningly, feeling his limbs growing stiff, but Potter just kept talking, unimpeded by his ire. "You hated me sir, hated me, and then you discover what happened at the Dursleys', and suddenly you care. Suddenly you offer me help, a home. It occurred to me, it occurred to me that it's pity, but it's not, is it? You don't have pity to spare for anyone. No – it's empathy, empathy because the same thing happened to you. Because your father hated magic and he took it out on you." "Potter, that is enough. " The ungrateful brat was clearly trying to push his buttons, but he would not succeed. He would not. Despite the finality of his warning, though, the boy kept on talking, words tumbling out at an incredible rate. "I found broken glass, you know, from liquor bottles, they were in my room, his old room, the master bedroom – the bedroom you couldn't bear to move into after he was gone. He was a drinker, right? Angry, right? Don't think I didn't notice, the little things, the small damages you didn't bother to repair, because they were so common – you didn't even notice them. He hurt you, didn't he? And that's why you care, because you know what it's like to be hurt, you understand -" "SILENCE!" he bellowed as he slammed his hand down on the table, unable to restrain himself, but Potter didn't listen. "- that it's not the pain, or even the fear that really hurts you. It's not what they do to you – it's what you put yourself though. It's knowing that you're alone. That if things get worse...there's no one to go to. You're on your own." The boy's words had slowed and his tone had fallen to a low, hoarse, compelling sound that commanded silence. "It's the knowing. The wondering if it's worth it, the knowledge that it might have been better had you never been born; that it might be better that you were weaker than you already were, that it might be better if you just let them end you. That poisonous hope that it would be better on the other side. That none of it's worth it. And that feeling, it never leaves, does it? Even after all these years, it stays with you. And that's how you know I'm not fine. Because you know that it doesn't go away. Because you know it will never be fine. You know things will never get better." The insolent, ungrateful brat – and he here he thought Potter was being tolerable, decent. Clearly, the boy wanted him angry, and he had succeeded; he was furious, absolutely furious; his mind was nearly blank with rage. But then – he saw it: Lily's eyes, no longer ablaze with a vicious fire. No, they were glassy and distant and pained and defeated and just so unlike her . The anger drained away, and he was left...understanding. Yes, he understood – he understood far too well. He remembered – his vile, drunken father and his sickly, useless mother. Every night his father had too much to drink, he wondered if that would be the night he cracked; if that would be the night everything went to hell. He'd lie in his bed, planning – what would he do if he heard his mother screaming? What would he do if his father started banging on his door, a broken bottle in hand? Nothing, nowhere. The cuts, the bruises the fear – it was nothing compared to the despair, the loneliness. The feeling – he'd forgotten it; he had forced it to the farthest, darkest reaches of his mind. But now a mere child managed to bring it back. Damn it. Damn it all. He hated Potter. He hated children. He hated people and the memories of them. Damn it all. "Get out of my sight," he whispered harshly, and the boy did just that, fork clattering to the ground as he ran. He knocked three times on Potter's bedroom door. "Potter?" he called, carefully controlling his voice. He heard shuffling from inside, and a moment later, the door cracked open to reveal the boy, still dressed in the clothes he'd been in the night before, eyes red, and looking like he hadn't slept much, if at all. Neither had he, admittedly. The boy stared at him wordlessly, eyes dull. He hesitated, before saying gruffly, "Those black swallowtail wings aren't stripping themselves." The boy's eyes widened gradually, until they were unnaturally stretched open, and it would have been comical, did they not look so bloodshot and weary. He stared at the boy for a long moment, watching as Potter's – Lily's – eyes started to come back to life, vivid and green. Something deep inside him twisted, and he nearly coughed out a sob, seeing the dead look in Lily's eyes being washed away. It didn't belong there. The pain, the bitterness – not in Lily's eyes. "It does get better," he said quietly. "Yes sir." And thus it begins. Now...reveal to me your hopes and dreams and deepest desires, and I will feed off your sentiments and transform myself into a creature of great power and bring the world to its knees. Or, you know, just let me know what you thought about the chapter. Either one.