This seat is very comfortable." "Too many eyes and ears." Black fell silent at that, gazing at her with sharp eyes. It made her feel slightly uneasy. Unexpectedly, he nodded. The two pushed past the portrait of the Fat Lady, who was slumbering within her frame, and made their way down to an abandoned room off to the side. The room was cluttered with old desks and chairs. Once inside, Lily turned to Black. "Sirius …" Black looked like he wanted to make a joke about something, but he thankfully kept his mouth shut. Lily sighed. "Why are you doing this?" "Doing what?" "Don't play with me, Sirius," she snapped. Sirius Black only smiled that maddening smirk of his. "You know what I'm talking about! You and James – what did you do to him?" In a flash, Black had pinned her against the wall. "That is a private matter between James and me," he growled. Lily froze. They were so close together … "I've seen the way you look at me," Sirius Black said, changing the subject completely. Oh no , she thought. Black had noticed – he HAD NOTICED – "It's not what you think it is," she mumbled. "No?" Black tilted her chin up with a finger, compelling her to look into his eyes. "Your body tells me otherwise, Lily. Why, you're blushing!" "I'm NOT!" Lily denied as her cheeks burned. Black laughed. Their eyes met again … and their lips were crashing together, devouring one another, hungry for more. Their hands ran all over each other's bodies, pressing against their bottoms, their legs, their torsos – Black's hand slid into Lily's bosom, the strong fingers reaching towards her erect nipples. She moaned into his mouth as he kneaded her breast, the touch sending delightful sensations through her body. Their tongues wrestled with one another as they staggered over to a desk; they paused only long enough for Black to lift her onto it. Lily breathed heavily as Black pushed her back against the desk's surface, his hands unbuttoning her blouse … Sirius Black was in heaven. In front of him, Lily Evans's body was in full, glorious display. Her delightful breasts were perky, just the right shape and size for Sirius's taste … and he was speaking as a connoisseur of female boobs. Her areolas were round and pink, a beautiful contrast to her pale white skin. Her famed red hair framed her pretty face, somewhat reminiscent of tongues of flame. Her shapely figure was finally free of the annoying hindrances that were her clothes; her pink pussy was fully displayed. It glistened and was slightly open, testament to her aroused state. Sirius felt powerful. He - Sirius Black - had done this to Lily Evans, one of the hottest girls in the entire school. She hungered for his touch, his every caress. She could not get enough of his kisses, his questing tongue. She could not keep her hands off his body. The sounds she made at every move he used on her made his heart soar. Sirius's sexual reputation wasn't exaggerated. He had learned over the many dealings with the girls of Hogwarts over the past few years how to please and arouse them sexually. Sirius smiled to himself as Lily's body responded to his ministrations … it was almost like playing a musical instrument. Lily's hand dug into his hair as he pleasured her pussy with his skilled tongue and fingers. She tried to pull his face deeper into her as he took her to hitherto unimagined heights. So engrossed was he in pleasuring Lily that it was a few moments before he realised he was hearing her chant: "fuck me … fuck me … fuck me …" He ran his tongue from her sopping wet pussy along her torso to one of her heaving breasts, which he gave a hard suckle to. He spread Lily's knees out more and took his place between her legs. He slapped his diamond-hard cock on her pussy mound, causing her to gasp softly. He positioned the glistening bulbous head of his penis at her entrance, and pushed in until he was bottomed out in her. The feeling of his stiff cock finally entering her caused Lily to scream out in ecstasy, her eyes rolling back into her head. Her hips bucked as she surrendered to her orgasm. Sirius groaned as well; Lily's quim was wet, hot, and very tight. For a long moment of indeterminate time, the two lovers were lost in their sensations of one another. Then Sirius grasped Lily's hips and he began to move, pumping relentlessly in and out, causing her tits to bounce wonderfully. He felt her legs wrap around him, pulling him to her. He moved his hands from her hips to her shoulders, attempting to push into her as deeply as possibly. Lily whimpered as she gazed lovingly up at him, her hands sidling up to grip his muscled arms. Sirius was utterly consumed in his lust and desire for the girl underneath him. He wanted to mark her as his. Make her his! His hand moved from her shoulder and pressed gently down on her throat. This act of dominance set Lily off again. Her body trembled and shook as she capitulated to another mind-shattering orgasm. Her tight pussy clenched around Sirius's member … it was too much … Sirius roared as he pushed himself as deep within her as he could. His mind went blank as intense feelings of pleasure washed over him; he clutched Lily's head and buried his face in her neck as his red-hot cock shot rope after rope of boiling cum into her waiting womb. Silence stretched into eternity as they clung to one another. At last, they gazed into each other's eyes and knew instantly that no words were needed. They both understood one another. In comfortable silence they dressed again. With arms held tightly around one another, they returned to Gryffindor Tower.