your experiences with magic? Have you ever used it consciously before?" Danielle thought about it and shook her head. "No. I've made things explode when I was angry and just brushed it off at the time though." She wasn't going to tell him that she had once been angry at Brainiac when he was getting away and somehow something on his ship exploded, allowing Clark to catch him. Or another time when Metallo had thrown a piece of Kryptonite at her and, in panic, made the rock turn to ash before it could get too close to her. "Hmm," said Ollivander again. "Could you try to summon a ball of light, then? Just focus on whatever energy you can and create it in your palm." Danielle nodded slowly, seeing what he was getting at. McGonagall apparently didn't as she looked ready to yell at him for wasting her time. Rolling her eyes at the woman, she concentrated on this magic thing everyone kept telling her she had and focused on it appearing in her hand. After training to use her powers, this wasn't that difficult and a small, almost miniscule ball of light appeared in her open palm. "How did she do that?" asked McGonagall in a Scottish brogue as the ball of light vanished, leaving the younger girl winded slightly, "That was supposed to be impossible!" "If I could interrupt," Ollivander said, cutting the woman off. Oh yeah, she was starting to like this old man. He personally closed his eyes and created a bigger ball of light than Danielle had before letting it vanish again. "That is all I can do, unfortunately, but I would say that our young friend here is either simply too powerful for a wand, or something is blocking most of her magic. "I would think the latter as she couldn't power the staff at all when all witches or wizards could power it slightly. Miss, do you happen to have any other abilities?" Danielle weighed the pros and cons of telling him before slowly nodding. "Yeah. I have several other powers. I take it that that is a problem?" "Indeed. It seems that your magic won't come without pulling on your various other powers in the process. That was why the wand overloaded and exploded as it couldn't recognize your other powers. The staff didn't have the same reaction as the wand as it could only accept pure magic, nothing else along with it, so it rejected your magic entirely. I must say, this is fascinating on a professional level." "Garrick," said McGonagall tiredly. "Is it possible to suit her a wand at all?" Ollivander blinked. "Minerva. We are talking about a person who supposedly has numerous abilities that has nothing to do with magic, am I correct?" Danielle nodded. "If she had one or even several magical gifts, it wouldn't matter as I could work around that. As it is, no wand or any focus item that I know of will ever work for her. Or at least, none that I make or am capable of producing. If anything, I would recommend working on wandless magic, my dear, as it is the only kind you are most likely capable of producing." Danielle shrugged, not really caring. So this was one more power to work on. Big deal. She had mastered flight, super speed, enhanced strength, heat vision, X-ray vision, and freeze breath. Learning magic couldn't be that hard, with or without a wand. McGonagall wasn't happy but nodded, leaving the shop. Danielle shook her head. "Is not being able to use a wand that bad?" "No, my dear," said Ollivander. "The Ministry of Magic just prefers to have everyone use wands as a form of regulation. That, and it is believed that wandless magic is a myth or extremely hard and ultimately useless overall that no one ever tries to learn it." Danielle frowned. "That sounds stupid. Who wants to rely on a bit of very breakable wood to use their powers? I know magic users that don't use a focus item at all and nothing stops them." She was thinking of Zatanna and Raven. Not exactly the same as they have completely different branches of magic than she did, apparently, but neither used a focus item to use their powers. That's what made the Titan's enemy Mumbo Jumbo so easy to defeat. Without his wand, he was powerless. The same with a lot of villains she knew like Control Freak and his remote or Toy Man and his toys. "I do apologize for not being able to help you, Miss Kent," Ollivander said, sounding truly apologetic. "Oh, nothing to be sorry about," Danielle said, smiling. "Better we know now than use someone else's wand by accident and blowing it up. Besides, you answered a few questions I had about magic in general that I haven't asked anyone yet without knowing it." Mr. Ollivander nodded, smiling as well. "Well, my dear, I'm afraid that Professor McGonagall is waiting for you to take you back. I do believe that we will see each other soon." "Oh, why is that?" "I was asked to do a little ceremony with the various Tri-Wizard champions in a few days to check on their wands. Make sure they hadn't used dark magic to gain an unfair advantage or something. That kind of thing." Danielle nodded, shaking the old man's hand. "I have to say, Mr. Ollivander, you are the first really nice wizard in Britain I have met so far." Mr. Ollivander laughed. "Good to know. Now off with you before McGonagall kills me." Danielle nodded again and left the store, seeing the old Professor waiting for her impatiently. 'Man, who drove a batmobile up her ass?' she thought as the other woman did some strange thing that felt like she was sucked through a straw. I have more but if you want more, too bad, for now at least. I might come back to this later…maybe.