was looking suspicious of them both, eyes flickering between them, but that was pretty much how he always looked. The rest of the staff were pretty nonplussed apart from Professor Sprout who suddenly grinned broadly and whispered into the ear of McGonagall next to her. McGonagall's mouth twitched in one corner. Harry groaned quietly. "It's not you they're laughing at, Potter. Do be quiet." Snape muttered to the side. "Professor Snape, you seem to have caught a lion." Dumbledore chuckled. "Or put one on a lead, perhaps." "I thought he was one of my older Slytherins, disillusioned" Snape said. "I had forgotten about Potter and his blasted invisibility cloak. At the time I was not aware it was him I would be stuck with. Potter, say your piece. This audience should be large enough for you." Harry swallowed, "Um, Sn- Professor Snape put some confinement charm on me, so apparently I can't go to classes until Monday. Could I get something to work on to make up for missing it?" Professor Sprout looked at him kindly. "Of course you can, Mr Potter. I will send some work down later. This might give yourself and Professor Snape the opportunity to build on your relationship too." Harry very purposefully avoided looking at Snape, who he had felt tense up next to him. There was also the matter of the low growl that was emanating from the man's throat. Harry wondered for a second if the Herbology teacher was annoying Snape on purpose, usually she was very no-nonsense, not the kind to talk about feelings… The hall was a little busier now, with groups of student strolling in and sitting at their house tables. With a sudden lurch, Harry remembered why he had been out of bed last night in the first place. He watched the first large group of Slytherins – about twenty of them - walk in together to sit at one end of the long house table. Snape was still talking to the other staff, "-you may send any work down with any Slytherin or any other student coming to Potions. Be sure to send enough to keep him busy, I am going to be stuck with Potter until Monday. There are only so many floors that need scrubbing, and Potter is hardly capable of preparing anything more complicated than mashed flobberworms." Snape whirled away, heading for the Slytherin table and Harry only just remembered that he had to keep up. The Professor picked a place on the bench next to his sixth year prefects, who didn't seem particularly perturbed. They did give Harry a curious look, but were soon distracted by a conversation with Snape over a proposed change to their patrolling duties. Harry collected himself a plate of toast, hoping that if he ate fast, Snape might decide they could leave early. He felt more anxious as the seats around him filled up. He did allow himself a small smirk when he saw Malfoy sneering at him from down the table. Unfortunately, Snape had decided to eat slowly this morning, probably because he could tell that being at the Slytherin table was making Harry nervous. The man positively lingered over his last half cup of coffee. Harry was just starting to think that the joke had been a failure when he saw it happen. The Slytherin prefects' hair turned bright green. Both of them changed in the same instant, his red hair and her blonde did a synchronised colour change. Neither of them noticed to begin with, because they were both so focussed on what Snape was saying to them. It was only when the Professor looked up at them and dropped his teaspoon and his jaw that they noticed anything was wrong. From that moment on, almost every ten seconds, another Slytherin head would suddenly flash into the same shade of emerald. The students on the other tables were howling with laughter, as the wave of green passed down the table. Harry was delighted to see a frantic Malfoy conjure a hand mirror just in time to see his own slicked back hair dye itself from the roots down. Then he felt a hand on his arm. "Did you not think last night," Snape started in a dangerous tone, "That it would have been wise to inform me of this, before it got to this stage. I would imagine, even if you had not felt the slightest prick of conscience, you might have a glimmer of self-preservation. Have you forgotten you will be staying in the Dungeons for a few days?" Harry swallowed, trying to look as innocent as possible. "Sir, how could you think I could-" "So if I were to examine your wand right now, I would not find any evidence of a time-delayed colour change charm? Or a banishing charm to dispose of a bottle of Madam Mim's Witching, Wavy hair dye?" "Uh…" "That's what I thought. Luckily for you, neither of those are permanent, especially when spread so thinly. Unluckily, everyone in my house knows you are responsible and they do not take well to being embarrassed in public." Harry had been starting to notice the stares from around the table. If the room hadn't been full of quite so many witnesses, or perhaps if Snape wasn't so close as to be practically a human shield, Harry would have been in big trouble. Snape stood up, pulling Harry with him. "Come along then, Potter. Since you are so eager to start, you can begin your first detention before classes start." Harry scrambled around so that he could put Snape in between himself and the table of angry students. He looked over the top of the Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw tables to see Ron who was giving him a not very discrete thumbs up. Harry knew Ron wouldn't be quite so happy if it was him who had four days of Snape lined up. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad. Four days was hardly anything.