a stair? He found himself dissolving into giggles, leaning against the wall to support himself, until a soft cry of 'Oh Merlin!' interrupted him and caused him to look up. Standing there, silvery grey eyes wide, was Draco Malfoy. Harry's eyes widened as well, as he gave the blonde Slytherin a quick once-over. Merlin but Malfoy was attractive. That's why he had been avoiding him all year. Only…no, that didn't make sense. Harry frowned to himself. Why on earth was he avoiding Malfoy when he should be trying to snog him senseless? That was ridiculous. Perhaps he had been Confunded. Yes, yes he had been confounded. But now he wasn't, and now he was going to kiss Draco Malfoy, Mind made up, Harry lurched forward, intent on snogging the breath out of the other. However, his foot, still caught in the trick step, pulled him back and he found himself falling instead, landing sprawled on the staircase at the blondes feet. Harry had a sudden urge to see those feet without the shoes and socks and grinned lewdly at them. X0X0X0X0X0X Draco wandered up the steps, lost to his thoughts. It really was nice in the castle when there was no one about, no one to tease or throw dirty looks at him. He felt at home like this. He felt safe. He felt….Potter? Was that Potter in front of him, foot ankle deep in a trick step and laughing hysterically against a wall? "Oh Merlin!" The sound escaped him before he could stop it, and he immediately clamped his mouth shut, staring at Potter with wide eyes. Every nerve in him screamed to run, but he was paralyzed while the Gryffindor stared at him, no doubt formulating some horrid attack. Before either of them could make a move, however, Potter appeared to lose his balance and fall over, landing painfully on the stairs at his feet. Draco looked down at him, somewhat worried by his lack of reaction. The other was clearly drunk, but who knew if he was hurt as well? Common sense was screaming at Draco to just leave the Boy Wonder, save himself. But he couldn't just leave him. Potter had saved him from Azkaban, he reminded himself sternly, before stooping to catch the Golden Boy by his arms and lift him up. "No funny business Potter," he ordered quietly, praying that the other would obey as he set about tugging the war hero's foot free. Potter, for his part, seemed to take Draco's words extremely seriously, and fell silent, staring at Draco with an intensity that utterly unnerved the blonde. It made him want to leave Harry to find his own way around, but if he did that…well, he may as well have left the boy stuck in the step and saved himself the trouble. Mustering up his meagre Slytherin courage, the blonde hefted the brunettes weight onto himself as much as possible, and began the long and tedious process of helping Harry up to his common room. He knew the way of course. Every Slytherin knew exactly where to find the other houses common rooms. None of them wanted to wind up alone too near any of them after all. After what seemed like forever, but in reality could not have been longer than half an hour, he was panting outside a painting of a rather large woman in a garish pink dress, who was eyeing him suspiciously. "Password?" She asked, her tone clearly indicating that she knew he didn't know it, and that nothing would please her more than denying him entry. Draco frowned at that tone, before looking at Potter. The idiot was staring at him, a dopey grin on his face, obviously miles away. Letting out an annoyed, but dignified, huff, the blonde turned back to the obese woman, offering her a charming Malfoy smile. "I'm afraid I don't have the password-" he began, only to be rudely interrupted. "No password, no entry," she informed him coldly, her eyes glinting. Draco suppressed a sigh, his smile still carefully in place, as he gestured at Potter. "The Saviour-" he tried again, and found himself cut off again. "No password , no entry ," she repeated in a hiss, leaning forward as much as a portrait can. Draco finally let his sigh through. He should have seen this coming. Dropping all airs and graces, he told her plainly, "Look, he's drunk and can barely keep himself upright. Please just allow me to get him to bed!" He knew before he was finished, however, that it was no use. The large woman's face was getting colder and colder, and by the end of his little imploration he could almost feel the chill in the air. As she opened her mouth to rebuff him yet again, a different voice cut in. "Twiddledumkins" "I beg your pardon?" Draco stared at Potter, wondering what he was nattering on about this time. The Fat Lady, however, seemed to understand, for she pulled the ugliest stink face Draco had seen in his entire life before swinging forward to reveal a round hole. Groaning at the extremely inconveniently placed hole, Draco helped Potter through, having to almost lift the other off the ground and support most of his rather considerable weight. His muscle, the blond decided, whilst pleasing to look at was rather a pain. A little crash alerted him that Potter had fallen through, and the blond quickly scrambled after him lest the irate portrait close on him. "Don't know why I'm doing this" he groused, before hoisting Potter up and dragging him up to the 7th year dorms. "And you'd better be grateful you prat!" he warned him as he deposited the Golden Boy into his bed and turned away. Before he could leave, however, a hand closed around his wrist. Draco didn't even have the time to finish asking 'What are you doing?' before Potter pulled him almost on top of himself and pressed their lips together.