Now stop asking stupid questions and fuck me already!" Harry groaned. "At least I'll die happy," he said, covering Severus's naked body with his own and burying his face in Severus's neck. Between Severus's hot breath in his ear, his hard cock pressed into Harry's thigh, and the feel of his belly squashed between them, Harry worried he'd never make it to the fucking. Pulling back a bit, he sat straddling Severus's thighs, taking in the sight of him. His chest rose and fell quickly, and Harry noticed for the first time his red, swollen nipples. The first traces of doubt began to show in Severus's face. "I know I'm not… between my generally unpleasant appearance and the fact I look like a bloody woman right now, I hope – " Harry stopped him with a fierce kiss. "Don't say that. I find you plenty pleasant, and what's wrong with women, anyway? You're still you and you look… amazing." He tweaked one of those frankly irresistible nipples and Severus let out a low moan. "Please," he gasped. "Oh, don't you worry. I'm going to take good care of you," Harry assured him as he wrapped a hand around his leaking penis. "I'll always take care of you." Thrusting helplessly into Harry's tight fist, Severus said, "It's been a bloody age – you might skip the usual preliminaries and get right to it, or this won't end how we were hoping." "But I want to touch you and taste you and make you mad!" Harry answered, one hand working Severus's cock and the other worrying a nipple. "I'm quite mad already!" Severus insisted. "There will be plenty of time for all that next time, just get something bloody inside me!" "Next time. Yes, okay. Next time's gonna take a while, so block out a good chunk of time for me," Harry said, summoning the lube and probing behind Severus's balls. "I – ah! – thought you weren't looking to survive this encounter," Severus gasped out as Harry wiggled his slick finger inside. "Well now I've been promised a next time, I plan to do my best." Harry grinned, pushing a second finger into the tight warmth. "I'm pleased to hear it, now kindly get to it!" Snickering, Harry pulled his hand away and got more lube. Pushing Severus's knees back, Harry settled into position. "Are you sure you're ready?" "If you ask me that one more bloody time – nnnnngg ." In one slow, steady motion, Harry thrust inside, then paused, panting, waiting to get his bearings back. Severus, head thrown back and groaning low, reached up to hold onto the headboard. "Merlin, you might kill me after all." "I'm considering it, but maybe if you put your back into it..." "All right, all right!" Harry started slowly, but he wasn't able to hold back for long. The feel of Severus's arse hot and tight around his cock and his heels pressing on his bum and his round belly smushed firmly against Harry with his cock trapped in between, the sight of his brow furrowed with intense pleasure and his knuckles white around the slats of the bed and fucking Merlin… were his nipples actually leaking from all of Harry's twisting? Harry licked one, testing the bit of sweet, clear liquid. "I can't… You're so…! Fuck," Harry gasped. "Eloquent, as – mmmm – as usual." "Oh, shut it. I'm gonna – " "Yes! Do it hard, come inside me. I want to feel you in my throat," Severus demanded, squirming about in an attempt to thrust back against Harry. "Fucking hell," Harry muttered, reaching down to wrap his hand around Severus's slippery cock as best he could. He bit down on Severus's shoulder and, one stroke later, felt Severus stiffen, spasming and clenching around him. Another three or four good, hard thrusts and Harry was overwhelmed, coming what felt like harder than ever before. The next thing he knew, he was blinking his eyes against the sunlight streaming through the window from a position basically collapsed on top of Severus. His cock had already slipped free and he could feel the stickiness of Severus's release between them where his big belly forced Harry's back to arch up, but that didn't make him any more apt to move. "Thought maybe I'd killed you, after all." Giving Severus a squeeze, he answered, "Ha bloody ha. Are you all right? Was that…? I hope I wasn't too rough with you." Severus shook his head. "No, it was… Well, I think you know. I had expected to feel some… reticence, I suppose, that perhaps my preferences and appetites might have changed. But with you I only wanted more." Harry snuggled his head down into Severus's shoulder. "Well, that's all right then. I've got loads more." – Four months later – Harry clutched the precious bundle a little tighter to his chest, careful not to wake her. It was only in the last couple of days they'd been able to get much rest at all and he didn't want to jeopardize any sleep they might get that night. "I've been thinking." "Was it painful?" "Be quiet, you git. This is serious! I wondered how you would feel if I, you know. If I adopted her. To make it sort of… more official." When Severus didn't say anything for a moment, Harry looked back at him. He could not decipher the expression and worried he'd overstepped. "You fool," Severus said warmly. "There's no need to adopt her." "But I – " Severus held up a hand and Harry quieted. "There is no need for you to adopt her because you are already listed as her other father on the birth certificate." "I… what? As her real father?" "You are her real father, dunderhead. It takes love, not DNA, to make a father." Harry rushed over, heedless of the sleeping infant in his arms, to hug Severus. "Thank you," he said into Severus's shoulder. "Idiot," Severus answered fondly.