implements –some personalized parchment too. With that done, he went to the bookstore. He got tones of books in every subject that caught his eye. He never thought he would spend so much money on books in one go. He shoved everything in his new satchel and went to the apothecary to get some potion supplies. He was determined to scrap an O at his OWL examinations. So, several galleons later, he headed to his last stop in the Alley. The optometrist. He had first seen this shop his last day there before third year and never got the chance to visit it. At first, he was just going to buy new glasses. But he ended up buying both a pair of rectangular silver rimmed glasses and a pair of magical contacts that were much like Moody's eye. They could see in the dark, see invisible people and objects, see any spells cast on something and could change his eye color. He then made his way to London. He made a few stops to buy more writing implements and some more books, before ending up at Harrods. He quickly found Anastasia, a muggleborn witch in her early thirties, and they got to work. She was serious about her job that was for sure. The moment he stopped explaining that he needed a new wardrobe, he found himself dragged in a fitting room and after she had measured him, she gave him piles after piles of clothes to try on. He got tuxedos, blue, black and dark grey suits, shirts, casual clothes, jackets and practically everything he would need as a Lord and as a guy and some he didn't even know he would need, like a case for his cuff links. And of course she insisted that Harry had to buy a cologne. So, after hours of shopping she ringed him up and helped him to discretely put most of his bags in his satchel. He made one last stop on his way to Privet Drive to buy toiletries and some other necessities and headed back. When got back, he gave shock to his Aunt, who at first didn't recognize him. After shuttering for a few moments she sent him to his room. There Harry got once again busy. He carefully placed his bags and his satchel on the desk and began gathering the junk from around the room. Broken toys, damaged books, old newspapers and magazines, broken devices and other junk found themselves in garbage bags and into the attic. When she saw him, aunt Petunia almost threw fit, but Harry mentioned Sirius and she just huffed and left. When he was done with the junk, Harry put all his purchases on the bed and began putting them in the right places. The books were sorted according to subject and put at the bookcase, the writing implements went straight to his desk and then he put his new clothes away. He hung the suits, coats, jackets and shirts and put everything else in drawers. With that done, he moved around the furniture in the room to make space for a table in the middle. It was time to start brewing. So, he snuck in the attic, when the Dursleys were at #6 for tea, and took a folding table and put it on the empty space, in the middle of his room. So, from that day Harry developed a new routine. He would wake up every morning at five and go for a run. Then he would shower and have breakfast. Then he would study Potions and brew for the rest of morning. After that he would have a quick break for lunch and read one of the books he had got on law or finance or business administration. And then he would study school relating books. Everything was fine. He was becoming better and better at brewing, his understanding in magic was growing and was becoming more and more involved with his investments. He had gotten some letters from Neville and Sirius, one from the twins mainly giving him an update on his 'investment' to their soon to be shop and a couple from Ginny. Apparently, they were staying somewhere Dumbledore told them to and the owls were under lock and key. And she was frustrated because nobody would say anything to her, she was just a child after all. They were at the same place as Sirius, who was growing restless. Harry was putting together a plan to help him at least live somewhat normally, but it was progressing slowly. But their letters made Harry eager to see them again. He felt included, even if they didn't say anything about the current situation. They were letters from one friend to another. Fleur and Victor even wrote to him. Ron and Hermione on the other hand, weren't like that. Their letters were in the same tone. Talk about what happened even if you are not ready. Stay inside the house no matter what. Do what Dumbledore says. He knows everything after all. Be a good little boy. And Hermione pushed him to deal with his grief. He learnt more in the first paragraph of Ginny's letter than all in theirs put together. He was really hurt by their behavior. It was like they didn't care about his feelings. Just for what Dumbledore thought. Harry had even gone shopping a couple more times. He had gotten a new practice snitch and new two compartment trunk that one compartment was a spacious wardrobe. Everything was fine until August 2nd, when dementors decided to attack him and Dudley. And of course he almost got expelled for defending them. And he was to be tried for his 'crimes'. He dashed in his room and opened his trunk. He was not going to stay there anymore, especially after being attacked from freaking dementors. So, he began packing. It took him over an hour. When he was about to leave, someone knocked his door.