to his inheritance. He dared not contemplate what this boy could mean for their world, his world. "I'm afraid the child is gravely ill Andy". Dumbledore coached his face into a solemn appearance. He bowed his head and folded his hands before he spoke again. The child was sick, sick and twisted, with a magic that was untamed and refused to bow. "The boy has disharmonious magic – his magic is attacking him from within." Albus coached his face into a tight grimace and recited what he knew about the disorder from the book he had read centuries ago. "It is much like the auto-immune diseases that the muggles have been struggling with – except only in this case the magic is attacking the body, not the body attacking itself." Many of the adults in the room gasped at such news. Such a disorder was extremely rare, and dangerous. The only other recorded disharmonious core in the century had actually been Sirius's only child. For such a tragedy to happen twice so recently… and to strike two close friends; it was unthinkable. Sirius' daughter had been born on a quiet summer night two years ago in a room not unlike the one they were currently in. Dumbledore was present, and in tandem with Madam Pomfrey, had revealed that the little girl's core would destroy her within a month. And the disease had destroyed her, almost taking Sirius and his extended family, and the inner circle of the Order of the Phoenix with her. It had been a great burden on all of them to watch her die, trying to save her from herself. All the adults in the room came to a hushed silence echoing their despair. They would have to endure that horror again. Dumbledore inhaled deeply, looking down at the child before he began speaking again. "I'm afraid the child does not have long… he is far more powerful than Urs-". James' wails of sorrow cut him off before he could finish, they all knew the little girl's name all too well. Ursula. Sirius left the room in a haste hiding his face from everyone – no one followed him, knowing that he needed to be alone. Sirius could never bear the thought of his daughter, the sorrow of his daughter's loss had once consumed him; he had somehow emerged from it but his lover had not been so lucky. Remus was the first to speak after that. "There's nothing that can be done Albus?" The grizzled werewolf looked at his mentor expectantly. "You know the child cannot be saved Remus." The man paused. "To prolong his suffering would be cruel. The humane thing to do, the light thing to do, would be to allow him Godric's rights". Several of the adults in the room gasped while the scarred orange haired man looked confused, verging on furious. "That is an antiquated and barbaric ritual Dumbledore! The child would stand no chance! And in that forest no less!" Charlie marched over to the table, standing protectively over the child. "Even now his magic erodes his life Charlie." Dumbledore's eyes burrowed into the red head's own, his face the perfect mask of grandfatherly concern and aged commander. "At least this way he still has a chance – and if not, it will be quick." Andy's voice died and she shaped the last words. She had been uncharacteristically silent until this point, having originally been consumed by sorrow like the other adults in the room. It was not easy to hear the news that a child you had just helped bring into the world, came into that world with such an early death sentence already hanging over its head. "It is decided then" Albus pronounced. James did not protest, his body wracked with sobs as he clung to his unconscious wife and first born. Dumbledore took the child into his arms. Even now, without using the sight, he could feel the wildness of this child's magic. Yes, this was the best thing to do. He must do it for the greater good. Dumbledore pushed forward, walking at a steady pace through the manor and out into the grounds, and then the forest surrounding the manor. Behind him walked Charlie, Andy, Alice, and her husband Frank. The Longbottoms continued to stand as witness for their best friends, the Potters, while Charlie and Andy had followed out of respect for the child. Dumbledore stopped walking when they could no longer see the lights of the Manor. The air hung eerily still, it was heavy with moisture and edged on the side of unstable. He laid the child down under a large canopy of overgrown cypress trees. Albus bowed his head, feigning respect and sadness for the activity at hand. "Goodbye, youngest of the Potters. It is with sorrow that we release you back to lady magic and her sisters, night and wild. May they guide you through the night on your journey – and should our paths in life cross once more and we come to conflict, should the fates will it so, then my debt to you shall be eternal." The old wizard recited the words carefully, he remembered them all clearly from the old tome he had read. He placed no stock in them, the old Gods, fates. He knew it all to be nonsense. Yet those around him found comfort in that nonsense, so a valuable tool it made. The child's eyes flashed open as soon as Dumbledore finished the ritual. He didn't make any noises, or move. He just silently watched his would-be funeral procession. The group turned, hearts heavy, leaving the child in the copse of cypress trees. Nobody had noticed the bird that sat in the trees, watching everything that happened that night. Perhaps they had not cared to notice. A/N: "Godric's rights" is a reference to infanticide, which has been a common practice in many cultures. I'm not endorsing infanticide, just depicting a conception of it.