magical world had no public library that was his only choice. So, in he got. He picked up a basket and began browsing. He got a couple of history books that talked about the period of the Ministry's creation, one that talked about the Council of Wizards and six that talked about Lords, Nobles, manners and proper behavior. A book picked his curiosity about wards and Runes so he picked up a couple beginners books on Runes and Wards. He also picked up some extra books on Potions and a seven-book encyclopedia on magical families and genealogy, hoping to trace his family as far back as possible. Twenty books and thirty something galleons later, he left the book shop and went to the luggage store. He browsed around the store for some time, before picking up a very handsome black leather briefcase, a wardrobe trunk, an ice box trunk, a library trunk with capacity of 250 books and finally a very nice mahogany trunk with four compartments. He had his Family Coat of Arms Carved on to the lead and added all the extra security features the store offered. He also added a feature to all his purchases: they shrunk and unshrunk on command. He visited the writing implements shop next, where after talking with the clerk, he got sapphire blue ink, five pads of high quality parchment with the Potter Coat of Arms, a seal of it with sapphire blue wax, ten pads of regular parchment, quills, ink and a calligraphy pamphlet, because his hand writing was awful. He decided to have a break after that stop and went to a nice restaurant to have lunch. When he was done, he visited a couple more stores to buy potion supplies and potion equipment, followed by one more stop to the luggage store for a trunk especially designed to store potions, ingredients and equipment. He made the store owner very happy that day. He put everything in his bottomless briefcase and stepped in to the Muggle London. He decided to go to a big bookstore before Harrods, in search of books regarding politics and Nobles. Forty minutes later, he was at Harrods looking for Miss Vernati. He quickly found Anastasia, a muggleborn witch in her early thirties, and they got to work. She was serious about her job that was for sure. The moment he stopped explaining that he needed a new wardrobe, he found himself dragged in a fitting room and after she had measured him, she gave him piles after piles of clothes to try on. He got tuxedos, blue, black and dark grey suits, shirts, casual clothes, jackets and practically everything he would need as a Lord and as a guy and some he didn't even know he would need, like a case for his cuff links. And of course, she insisted that Harry had to buy a cologne. So, after hours of shopping she ringed him up and helped him to discretely put most of his bags in his briefcase. Leaving that store, he went to an optometrist store. He had his eyes checked and bought himself contact lenses and a very nice pair of sunglasses. He made one last stop on his way to Privet Drive to buy toiletries and some other necessities and headed back. When got back, he gave shock to his Aunt, who at first didn't recognize him. After shuttering for a few moments, she sent him to his room. There Harry got once again busy. He carefully placed his bags and his satchel on the desk and began gathering the junk from around the room. Broken toys, damaged books, old newspapers and magazines, broken devices and other junk found themselves in garbage bags and into the attic. When she saw him, aunt Petunia almost threw fit, but Harry mentioned Sirius and she just huffed and left. When he was done with the junk, Harry put all his purchases on the bed and began putting them in the right places. He began with the food things he had picked up at the grocery store. He put the drinks, the bottles of water, the fruit and sandwiches in the ice box trunk. He then placed his toiletries in the toiletry bag he had purchased. He put his writing implements in the briefcase, adding the silver and gold platter muggle fountain pen and the silver and black leather fountain pen he had bought. Just for the irony of it. He also put the papers from Gringott's and his mail box in there. He opened the portable library trunk he had purchased and put all his books there, according to subject. He let Lockhart's books to use in Hedwig's cage. He filled his potion's trunk next. Then, he tackled his old trunk. He threw away Dudley's cast offs and folded his school robes from the previous years, to ask Ginny if she wanted any of them, as she knew she had to make do with robes that had been used by all her brothers. He put his broom and Quidditch gear in last compartment of his new trunk. He put the egg, the dragon figure, his champion uniform and the cup from the Tournament in the third compartment along with his cloak, the map, his photo album and his chocolate frog cards. The other two compartments would remain empty for the time being. He sorted through his clothes and accessories, organizing them by category. He put the case with his cuff links in one of the drawers, his shoes in the shoes compartments and so on. When he was done, he sat on his desk with a small bottle of juice and took out the folder he had gotten from the bank. He looked over the papers, wondering how the hell his ancestors had managed to become this rich. The answer probably was in his Family Grimoire, or in the journals of the former Lords, that according to the goblins were in his Family Vault.