Lucius," Pandora sobbed, but swallowed and tried to wipe away her tears. Thick raindrops kept falling down, but neither of them seemed to care. " You have one fight with your wife and you take the next best woman you meet as some sort of consolation prize?" Lucius shook his head. "A consolation prize? Pandora, you don't – " She tightened her coat around her, put her arms over her stomach and embraced herself. " I loved you, Lucius," Pandora cried softly; pain, anger and sorrow written in her silver eyes. "It feels like blood is dripping from my soul. Like a thorn piercing right into it." Young Lucius was desperately brushing his fingers through his wet hair. "Pandora, you don't understand," he tried to explain himself and took a step closer to her. "I am married, but I never loved Narcissa. Hell, I didn't even know what love was before I met you!" He reached out to take her hands once more, but she quickly tore it away and shook her head, tears spilling from her silver eyes again. "Don't touch me." " Pandora – " " You have a son, Lucius." " I do. But you are – " The witch shivered and tightened her arms around her stomach. "Don't tell me I am more important! Nothing can be more important than a child," she whispered and after a deep breath, she swallowed and braced herself. "I know you, and for his sake you will never leave your wife." " That doesn't mean that we cannot be together, Pandora. I will do – " " I am not that kind of woman, Lucius," she snapped, angry and heart-broken at the same time. "I will not be your second choice, the woman you sleep with behind your wife's back. I will no longer let you treat me as a consolation prize." This said, she turned around, ignored Lucius' calling her name as well as the heavy rain and ran through the rose gardens without looking back or caring about the thorns that were piercing her ivory skin. . Out of the corners of her eyes, Luna saw that tiny tears were now flowing down the elderly man's face. By now, she even felt sorry for the former Death Eater, but Luna knew that her mother had wanted him to see this one last memory that was about to come next. It was the one that had caused the young witch to go to Azkaban in the first place. On the one hand, it was a rather weak attempt to distract herself from the chaos of emotions that was raging inside of her. On the other hand, she had this nagging feeling inside her heart that Lucius deserved to know the secret that Pandora had taken with her to the grave. . Pandora, clad in crimson robes, was sobbing against Xenophilius Lovegood's chest, his arms around her. Luna heard old Lucius' sharp intake of breath upon seeing the other man, and saw how his blue eyes darkened. " It's going to be alright, Pandora, don't worry," Xenophilius said and stroked the sobbing witch's back. "My philosophy is that worrying means you suffer twice. Besides, there are so many nargles inside your head… you should really do something about that." A soft and sad giggle escaped the witch, and Xeno smiled at his achievement. " Are you absolutely sure you want to do this, Xeno?" she asked, still sobbing a little but with a tiny flicker of hope shimmering in her eyes. " Pan, I'm your best friend, I would do anything for you." Silver eyes looked up at him. "Even though you know I can never love you the way I loved him?" Xeno nodded and kissed her forehead. "I care for you, Pan, so yes, I'm fine with being second place. And you know," he added with a soft smile, "there's no one better in singing a lullaby than I am." ... The memories were over and Luna and Lucius were thrown out of the Pensive again. With a weird feeling inside her heart, the young witch checked her watch and sighed. She packed everything back into the little yellow bag and walked towards the entrance of the cell. She turned around once more and watched the elderly man. He looked heartbroken, and not at all like the dangerous and powerful Death Eater she had once feared so much. "Why did you show me these memories?" he finally asked, his voice hoarse and loaded with emotion. "Did you want to punish me for the crimes I committed? I don't have to see this again to be reminded of the mistakes I made." He snapped the last part of the sentence, which caused Luna to jump a bit. "I am paying for what I did. I will never get out of this place alive," Lucius thundered, albeit his hopelessness and desperation were swinging along in his angry voice. "You don't have to torment me with memories of how I lost the woman I love. Or how she married that – that - " His whole body was shaking now, and he slammed his hand so hard against the wall that fresh drops of ruby-red blood was spilling from the wound. Luna winced a bit, but when she saw the guard approaching, she knew that her time was almost up. She looked at him for only a second; blue eyes meeting blue. Taking a deep breath, she shoved back the sleeve of her robe and revealed the ruby bracelet. Lucius' eyes widened and his expression softened a bit. "Pandora's ruby bracelet," he muttered sadly. "My mother gave it to me the day I was born," Luna smiled softly. "When I was little, she said that my father once gave it to her… Now I know what her words really meant. I thought you should, too." With one last look back, Luna hurried out; leaving behind a shell-shocked wizard in his cell.