of interrogating her as you like." "All right then…" An evil grin formed on Fred's face. "Come with me, and do as I do, but remain silent and let me do the talking." "Okay." Hermione wished she had a set of their Extendable Ears right now. She couldn't hear a word of what they were saying. Her suspicions were coming back to her. Suddenly the twins turned around and cornered in on her, giving her evil grins. "What?" she asked nervously. Silence from the grinning Weasleys. "What?!" she asked even more nervously. Here Fred spoke, but it was barely more than a whisper. "We know what you did, Hermione. We know about the story, and all that you did with it. So please, enlighten us… How long have you liked him?" At this, Fred was less-than specific, so that way Hermione could easily be led off-kilter with his statement. But if his suspicions were correct, it should send Hermione delving into not a confession, but a question. "How did you guys figure this out?" she asked. Exactly. As. Planned. George took his cue perfectly, and asked, "Figure out what, Hermione?" He said this with a sneer that made it seem like he was in on it the whole time. That was the wrong thing to say. "Wait- can you explain to me what you figured out, George? Or did you want me to go into an explanation because you didn't know and wanted me to go into an explanation?" George's frown left in a second, and Hermione knew she got him. Fred quickly responded. "It was actually I who had this theory. George is only here to intimidate." "Then what is your brilliant theory?" "Well, regardless of any theory I may or may not have, you were the one who asked me how we figured out what we did. And given our earlier discussion, I think it's safe to assume that you were still thinking about that subject." "You have no proof!" Hermione almost yelled. "Was that a confession?" "NO!" "Regardless of whether or not you did have something to do with the writing, we know you like Harry," said George. Perfect timing. Hermione turned as red as their hair. Then she sputtered out a quick "I have to go" and ran out of the room, still blushing. The twins looked after her as she disappeared from their sight. "Thank you so much, George. I needed that." "Any time." Silence between the two. "We need to get Dean back down here," said Fred. ~0~ The next day, Hermione woke up in a cold sweat. She looked around. She was the only one in her dorm. Of course… it was a Saturday. Everybody would be in the Great Hall by now. It was at this moment she began to hear some sort of commotion downstairs. She briefly wondered what all the racket was, but then…. She remembered. They knew she had something to do with the story. She didn't remember to stick it to them that in their cowardice they admitted they had the story to begin with. She hurriedly went down to the common room, and found to her horror, was the Weasley Twin's newest publication. She stood aghast, as if petrified again, and the whole room turned to her. She didn't notice the twins walking over to her, until they got to her. They, in unison, handed her a copy, which bore on the front cover, a perfect drawing of her and Harry, holding each other as if in love. It was the mannequin drawing of Dean's from last night, only it was improved to the point of perfection. And the title…. Dang, why couldn't she think of a title this good? HARMONY A Fiction Story Detailing the Falling in Love of the Boy Who Lived and his Best Friend, The Brightest Witch of Her Age Published by Fred and George Weasley Author Unknown "Cheers, Hermione! We found this book about you and Harry, and we couldn't resist sharing it with the world. For a hefty profit, of course." The twins looked at her with a smirk that no one else could see. Hermione knew what that smirk meant. They'd won this round. Hermione started shaking, then noticed everyone was watching her. She came up with a plan to save face in record time. She began to shout. " I swear in the name of all that is right and holy that whoever wrote this rubbish, I am going to find, and they will suffer a slow and painful death courtesy of the Brightest Witch of Her Age that they chose to write so inattentively about!" She finished her rant, and found to her genuine surprise, that Harry was downstairs, his mouth agape. Ron was behind him as per normal, attempting to hold back laughter (but not managing to very well). The twins incessantly marched over to Harry, and gave him a copy. "Enjoy, Wonder Boy," said George. The twosome then beckoned themselves away from the situation. Harry read the cover. He glanced up at Hermione, then his face grew red with anger, it seemed. " I am going to find whoever the hell wrote this and kill them ," he seethed. "Fantastic!" said Fred. "So why don't you two collaborate on this investigation?" Harry and Hermione looked at each other. "Let's go to the Great Hall. We can discuss it there," said Harry. "Uh… Okay," was Hemrione's measly reply. And ignoring the many childish "oohs" that came about at this, Harry and Hermione walked out of the Gryffindor common room to further discuss whatever plans Harry had in mind. -end of chapter I- So, what did you think of the opening chapter? Tell me in the reviews, if I got characters/settings/grammar/anything wrong, tell me and I'll fix it as soon as I can. No flaming or you'll indubitably be on the receiving end of an obliterating attack. Thank you for reading. For to come in the near future.