"What does he say?" Hermione took a deep breath before unfolding the letter, " Dear Hermione Granger, How are you doing? We haven't heard from you in a month and Ginny said you should have been back by now. Were there no Owls in Australia? Anyway, I don't know whether you've gotten my last couple of letters, it might have been because of Dylluan, mine and Ginny's new Owl, she says it means Owl in welsh. I personally wanted to call him Odus, but Ginny thought it made him sound old. He's a bit unfamiliar with the area as he we rescued him from an Owl 'prison' I won't go into much detail about. Not much has happened here, but things are starting to get better- not normal, things will never be back to the way they were. Mrs Weasley has just started singing again and Ron's cutting down on the cakes he likes to stuff himself with. Ron says hello too, he misses you a lot, even though he won't admit it. George doesn't come around as much, he's still the same as he was at the funeral and Mr Weasley shuts himself away in his shed most of the time. Mrs Weasley said you can pop around as many times as you would like, as does Ginny who would be delighted if you bunked on her spare bed as you used too. Professor McGonagall came around for dinner the other day and told us she's willing to let last year's 7 th years resit their year. She said it is the student's choice whether they want to go back again and she understands if you don't want to. Mrs Weasley is holding a big birthday meal for me on the 31 st of July and it would be lovely if you came along. I would like to see you earlier though; we're going to Diagon Alley on the 29 th around lunchtime, it's ok if you can't come. How are your parents? Say hi for me. Miss you, Harry Potter P.S – Dylluan likes oatmeal. Hermione looked up at her brother who was leaning across the table, his eyes digging into her own, concerned. She ran a hand through a knotted hair and sighed, "What's the date?" Blaise raised his eyebrows, "It's the 27th." "And what time is it?" "It's 4pm." His eyes widened in disbelief. "On a Thursday." Hermione rolled her eyes before kicking her chair back and wandering over to the kitchen side and extracting a packet of Oatmeal. "So, are you going then? To Diagon Alley. With them." Hermione shrugged pouring some of the Oatmeal into her hand and scattering it onto the table, "If I can get myself back together by then. It's two days away. I don't want them seeing me like…" She threw the oatmeal back into the cupboard and motioned to her tracksuit bottoms and black long-sleeved top. " this." They both watched as the Owl 'Dylluan' hooted happily at her before bowing down and hoovering up the oats. "What a stupid name for an Owl." Blaise frowned over at the creature. "Owl." Hermione sighed, nodding. "Ginny named Ron's owl once. Sirius Black bestowed him it as a present for 'getting rid' of his rat. She decided she'd name it Pigwidgeon without even asking Ronald himself. They call him Pig for short." Blaise grimaced. Once the oats were devoured, the owl flew up in the air and shot out of the kitchen window causing the curtains to dance around the window for a second or two. "Addio grande Uccello*." Blaise smiled at where the bird once sat. Hermione sighed, "Avere un viaggio sicuro*." Blaise looked up, astonished. "You speak Italian?" Hermione shrugged, "I studied it in my own time in my 2nd, 3rd and 4th year." He rubbed his hands together pleased, "Mothers going to be so happy. She's Italian, you see. So was father." "I know," Hermione smiled innocently over at him, "Zabini's kind of a giveaway." Blaise chuckled under his breath, "When would you like to meet mother? There's no rush. No, actually there kind of is; she told me to say that but she is really quite desperate. She cries when she mentions you. Happy tears, not sad tears. So, no pressure." Hermione's eyes widened in panic and her eyes wandered worriedly around the room, "I didn't think about that. I can't, meet her like this Blaise, look at me, I'm a mess!" "She won't care, she wouldn't care if you were 9-foot-tall with warts all over your face. We have fresh clothes prepared for you anyway, and your bedroom has an amazing shower." Hermione's eyebrows flew up in shock, "I have my own bedroom?" "You've had one in our house for almost 18 years. It's right next to mine." Blaise got up to walk over to the open window. His eyes were sparkling with tears and a happy smile was playing on his lips. Hermione followed him up to the window and they stared across at the overgrown grass that grew wildly in the garden and the sun that blazed in the sky, so very bright. Hermione let a tear roll down her cheek, "I'd like to meet her. I'd like to meet our mother." Blaise smiled and took her hand in his own. Both of them were crying happy tears. They'd found each other, and they knew, as would anyone else if they were watching this very moment, that no-one, was going to separate them again. Ever. Thank you for reading my first chapter, I hope you enjoy reading it just as much as I enjoyed writing it! Reviews and kind advice are appreciated but criticism is not. I will translate the Italian sentences for you and I am sorry if I am incorrect, please correct me if so. * Addio grande Uccello= Goodbye big bird. * Avere un viaggio sicuro= Have a safe journey. I will try and post weekly, but I can't guarantee anything.