case we got lost. We didn't want to be late," Dean said. "Lost?" the boy scoffed. "Only idiots get lost." "Not all of us grew up in this world," Dean snapped. "That's right. You are the Mudblood in Slytherin this year. The first one ever, probably." "Mudblood?" Harry questioned. "So he does speak," the boy said and Harry flushed. "I'm Malfoy, by the way, though you should know that, Potter. And he's a Mudblood. You know, Muggle parents? Where have you been, Potter? Locked in a tower?" Harry just glared even as he continued blushing. "Not much of a wizard, are you, Potter? You don't seem to know very much," Malfoy said. "I am a wizard!" "Know any spells?" "No." "Hm, pity," Malfoy murmured. "I suggest you practice then or be very careful." "Are you threatening us?" Dean said, glowering. "Perhaps," Malfoy mused. "I'd practice, Potter. I doubt the Mudblood will ever be able to help you." "Back off, Malfoy," Harry said. "Good morning, students." Professor McGonagall's voice interrupted them. "Come on now. Inside." Harry and Dean glared at Malfoy's smirk once more before walking into the classroom with the other first years. Harry gasped and groaned when one of Malfoy's friends, Goyle, bumped roughly into him. He smacked into the wall and his bag fell, its contents spilling. "Watch it, Potter," Malfoy snapped. "Learn your place though I guess that's difficult when you don't belong here." Harry glared in anger and hurt, rubbing his arm where it had been bruised and cut on the stone wall. Malfoy snickered. "Try not to be late. Professor Snape doesn't like people being late," he said and then sauntered away with Crabbe and Goyle. "They're such jerks," Dean growled. "What do they have against us?" "I don't know," Harry said quietly, examining the cut on his arm. "Are you okay?" Dean asked. "Yeah, it's just a small cut. Nothing serious," Harry said before kneeling to gather his belongings. Dean crouched and began helping, returning the small smile Harry sent him. "Do you think we'll be late?" "No, we have time. Malfoy was just picking on us." Dean shook his head. They stood back up when Harry's bag was packed and continued on their way to Potions. They were looking forward to Potions, thinking they might enjoy it. They walked into the dark room and found every table full except for one which they rushed to. The other students were quietly talking, creating a dull hum in the room. The talking ceased in a moment when the door flew open and Professor Snape stalked to the front of the room. The man glared around the classroom at each student. "You are here to learn the subtle art of potion-making though I doubt many of you have the ability for this exact science. You must have patience, you must have precision, and you must have discipline. I do not tolerate incompetence or foolishness. Potions can be dangerous so you must proceed with focus and caution." There was a pause as Snape gazed around the room again. "Turn to page eighteen. You are to practice the different styles of preparation. No talking except to your neighbor. Put completed ingredients to the side so I may grade them. Your ingredients are in the cupboard. Begin." The students rushed to get their ingredients but Harry and Dean remained for a few moments. They read over the different techniques and decided on just a few select ingredients to practice upon. They headed up to the cupboard now that most of the students had returned to their tables. They both grabbed a few dandelion roots, a few flobberworms, and a few simple robin egg shells. Returning to their desks, they began to slice, dice, chop, cube, mince, grind, powder, and skin their various ingredients. It didn't take long before both Harry and Dean were finished with all of their preparation techniques and were now cleaning up while they waited for Snape to examine their work. "Time's up. Tools down," Snape said, getting to his feet and leaving his desk. He walked slowly through the desks, stopping at each student and examining their ingredients. Harry watched the man and noticed how he seemed faintly irritated at how most students had grabbed a different ingredient for nearly every technique and only one of each ingredient. By the time he reached Harry and Dean, he had failed six Gryffindors and three Slytherins and criticized everyone's attempts. He glared down at their two sets of ingredients, scrutinizing them. He felt their powdered eggs and brought the others close to his eyes. "Mr. Potter, work on making your cuts a bit straighter otherwise acceptable." He turned to Dean. "Mr. Thomas, your powder needs to be a bit finer and your dicing smaller. Also acceptable." Harry and Dean smiled at their professor and then grinned at each other. "Clean up. Next class will also be spent practicing techniques but then we begin brewing. Now get out." Harry and Dean bottled their ingredients and then left the room as they were already cleaned up. They talked about their first Potions class excitedly as they headed up to the Great Hall. A/N: I hope you liked it. If you haven't already noticed, Harry is different, as I've said. I'm also using different characters as you've seen in the Harry/Dean friendship. And I have big plans for Malfoy. This story is going to be majorly AU and not just because Harry is in Slytherin, Ron's a bad guy, and Hermione's never mentioned. :P Thanks for reading. Review please. :] Oh, you will also wonder about Snape's lack of hatred towards Harry. It is mentioned in later chapters but here it is. With Harry being in Slytherin, Snape decided to just treat him like his other Slytherins. He sees that Harry is different from James in various ways and is just indifferent. He had been prepared to hate a Gryffi ndor Harry so is now indifferent to a Slytherin Harry.