twins were tucked tightly against him. Perhaps it hadn't all been in vain, the twins had survived and if the rumors circulating were to be believed it was their power not their parents that had stopped the evil that came to end them. Voldemort had arrived at the house at Godrics Hollow, in an attempt to end the entire Potter line, but when faced with the children he had been unable to kill them. His powers had backfired somehow leaving the house the smoldering mess he had found. It was nothing short of a miracle that the only injury the twins seemed to suffer was a lightning shaped scar to Harry's head while Emily had a similar scar on her shoulder. How they were the ones to lead the madman to his end, Hagrid could only guess but he was grateful a part of his friends still lived on through them. Approaching the darkened muggle street Hagrid was sad his time with the twins was about to come to an end. They would be living with muggles for the coming years and he doubted he would be allowed to visit. It was with a heavy heart that the giant landed the bike as quietly as he could. Climbing off, careful not to disrupt the sleeping children Hagrid made his way towards an older looking man who had a long white beard and wore odd looking purple robes with golden stars shooting across it. A woman stood next to the man with a sour look on her face, her hair was tied tightly up in a bun and she wore a dark green robe that billowed slightly in the light breeze that blew through the neighborhood. If any of the street's occupants were to look out their windows at that moment they would have probably suffered a heart attack at the abnormal sight before them. The people standing in the middle of the road were exactly the type who were unwelcome in this neighborhood. "Professor Dumbledore," the giant said nodding first towards the old man before acknowledging the stern looking woman who looked thoroughly unimpressed with his arrival, "Professor McGonagall." "Good evening Hagrid, I hope your journey went well," Dumbledore smiled as he inspected the blanket the giant was carrying. "I have 'em righ' here, sir." Hagrid offered over the twins who were immediately taken from him by McGonagall. Shaking his head the older gentleman ran his hand down his beard, "Was that Sirius' bike that you rode on?" "He told me to take it, sir. He said ter get the twins ter safety, that he had a rat or somethin' he was lookin' fer." "Did he now?" Dumbledore looked pensive for a moment before he seemed to shake himself at the sounds of the woman singing softly to the children in her arms. "Minerva, we don't have much time." "I don't care what you say Albus, I think this is a terrible idea." Nodding Dumbledore slowly approached the woman and began to look over the twins, running basic scans to ensure they didn't need any medical attention that wasn't outwardly obvious. "I am aware of your misgivings," the woman huffed in annoyance but he continued on, "but this is for the best. They will be with family and away from the fame that is sure to plague them in our world. Wouldn't you rather they had a proper childhood, what and who could offer them normality with us?" "I don't care what your reasoning is Albus but I'm telling you now, if I ever find out my instincts were right about these people, we will be needing a new Headmaster." The woman's glare sent a shiver down Dumbledore's spine. He had no doubt that should he be wrong it very well could be the last thing he ever did… Quickly attempting to dismiss the terrifying thought of being hunted down by an angry Minerva, he reached out and took the twins into his arms. Looking down at their sleeping faces Dumbledore was certain he was doing the right thing. How could anyone look at these children who had survived so much and treat them with anything but love. "Can you heal their cuts?" Minerva asked leaning over to gently run a finger over the pairs marks. "I cannot," the old man sighed. "Some marks simply cannot be undone." "But Harry's is right on his forehead, the poor dear won't be able to hide it." "Sometimes scars can be useful," Dumbledore said only to be met with a look that told him, the woman thought him crazy. "Professor Dumbledore, sir," Hagrid said reminding the old friends of the giant's presence. "The muggles won't be asleep much longer…" "Right you are Hagrid, we must hurry." "Albus, please don't do this. I can take in the twins." "No Minerva, as I have said they should be with family. Plus, where would they stay during the school year?" "With me at the castle." "This really is for the best," Dumbledore said dismissing the woman's words as he walked up the path through the small front garden. Crouching down he tucked the twins into a bassinette and slipped a letter into the blankets he added to keep them warm. Turning around, he saw Hagrid with tears running down his face as he walked back to the bike he had been loaned and Minerva threw him a scathing look before disappearing on the spot. Sighing the old man wished it hadn't come to this but there was no changing the events that had occurred. With a wish of luck for the twins Dumbledore allowed the street to once again be illuminated by the lamps that lined the road before vanishing from sight. That night as the twins slept people all over the country were celebrating. Fireworks could be seen in the sky until sunrise the next morning but all the while the people were raising their glasses in honor to the Boy and Girl who Lived.