Vernon sighed heavily. "What is it, boy?" he growled. "I got a letter today," Harry replied and was interrupted when he took a breath. "Oh goody. Would you like me to stick it on the fridge?" Vernon teased with a chuckle at his own joke. "It's from a place called Hogwarts and it says something about-" "What?" Vernon snapped, his head jerking to harry in an instant. He stood up quickly and strode over to Harry and snatched the letter from his hands, all the while muttering "Who? Where? To you? What?" He observed the letter with wide eyes and raced from the room, his face stricken with fear. Harry was right behind him reeling off questions as they walked outside and Harry saw Vernon tear his letter to pieces and throw it in the bin outside the house. "No!" Harry called but was pushed back inside by Vernon. Neither of them spotted the black, shaggy dog watching them from Mrs Figg's front step. Harry was outraged that Vernon had torn up his letter, his only letter. "You git!" he cried out, "Why?! Why did you do that?!" Vernon wheeled around so quickly Harry almost fell, but he was grabbed by Vernon on his shirt and lifted off his feet. "You want to be a wizard, ay, Potter?! You want to cast spells and fly brooms?! Well, tough luck, boy! There's no such thing as magic!" He slapped Harry with the back of his hand and let him fall to the floor outside his cupboard door. Vernon wrenched the door open, not caring that it hit Harry, then picked him up and pushed him inside. Harry triped and fell onto his bed, lightly smacking his head on the wall upon impact and causing his glasses to slip off the bridge of his nose. He heard Petunia come halfway down the stairs. "Vernon? What is it?" she asked weakly. Vernon's reply started quiet but eventually grew to another shout. "He's one of them… he's in the house, I will not have one in the house Petunia… No… No! They know where we live! We have to get out of here, go somewhere they can't find us!" Harry couldn't see but he heard the front door of the house blast open and a bright white light cast through the foyer of the house, breaking through the cracks in Harry's door. Petunia shrieked and Vernon cowered as a voice spoke to them. Rough and deep with anger at its core. "You'll do no such thing. You'll stay right here and wait to hear from Hogwarts again. Is Harry upstairs, in his room?" Vernon's reply was weak and whimpering. "Y-yes he's… he's upstairs in-in-in- in his bed- bed room…" "Good," the man replied, "I've seen you mistreating him, Dursley, and I've been told not to intervene, but should I ever find out the extent of the abuse you've placed upon that boy, I hope for your sake your out of my grasp by then… you will wait for more news." "Mhm," Vernon hummed weakly. The door closed, the light vanished and Harry felt the vibration as Vernon slid against the wall, down the floor. For the first time in his life, Harry heard Vernon weeping. Petunia sounded like she came to sit with him and hold him. "I thought it would stop," Vernon sobbed, "I thought we could beat it out of him…" Noises of comfort came from Petunia but Vernon would receive none from Harry. All he could think of was that someone was on his side nearby and there was a school of magic that wanted him. But why? He wondered, Why would they want you? An orphan boy with no real talents and only a dog as a friend, his heart sank as he continued to think, they probably want me for target practice, or test new potions on me, or to be the secretary of some professor. He spent so long thinking about the horrible ways the school would probably use him that he didn't feel himself fall asleep again. When he awoke, the loud banging ordering him to prepare breakfast never came, Dudley's thundering footsteps didn't shake the stairs above him and his face hurt instead of his ribs today. Instead of all the commotion, there instead came a light tapping at the door. Harry got up cautiously and opened it. There stood Uncle Vernon and he politely asked Harry to step back so he could sit in the cupboard with him. Harry obeyed, confused and sat on the bed too. "Y'know Harry," Vernon began, looking around the cupboard, "Your aunt and I have decided that it's high time you had a bedroom of your own instead of this dingy cupboard, so we're clearing out Dudley's spare room and you can have that instead." Harry was glad with the news but couldn't help but jab at Vernon. "It took you eleven years to figure out I should have a bedroom of my own?" He quipped. "Don't get smart with me, boy!" Vernon growled and Harry saw his hand twitch slightly but he didn't flinch. Vernon hadn't scared Harry for a long time. "We just decided that it wasn't right for us to keep you here when you're a growing lad who need room. So get all this stuff upstairs at once." As Vernon was leaving, Harry took one last dig at his uncle. "This wouldn't have anything to do with the man who came to the house last night would it?" "Man? What man? No man came here last night," Vernon was walking out of the cupboard but was stopped by Harry's next line. "Yeah there was, y'know the man who made you cry." Vernon stood stock still for a few seconds. Harry knew he'd plucked a nerve. He also knew Vernon didn't want to risk anything anymore. After a moment, he left the corridor and walked into the kitchen, defeated. Harry smirked. Things were going to get better.