few dozen times when she feels far too, too tight. He realizes at the dozenth failed lunge that it wasn't poor lubrication that was the source of her stricture, but to the result of Hermione being naturally narrow. He whimpers, and forcefully pushes the rest of the way in, until fully encompassed. Thank the muggles— The rubber dulls the sensation— Blood rushes behind his eyes, brilliant colors bursting in his vision, like beads in a slingshot shooting for the whites of his eyes. Hermione stiffens and clenches before letting out a low cry into the darkness of the room. Accepting him ... Her cries are like a little death. She moves timidly and he reciprocates with a few clumsy strokes— His hips move slowly after he finds an easy pattern that doesn't cause his eyes to shoot out completely from his skull. The sensation builds and that strenuous fire roars alive in his gut. Hermione begins gripping fistfuls of the blankets—grunting with his measured thrusts. It felt good— toofuckinggood. Snakes alive—He grinds when the pulsing gets to be too much, gyrating his hips into the spongy channel of her. His hands holding her steady when she squirms against his milling strikes a bit too eagerly. "Severus…" She whimpers, hands gripping her legs and her hips throwing themselves around him in complete abandon when she grows impatient of his sinking claws and puttering thrusts. "Oh." Is all he can articulate, his spine snapped clean from his brain. Her talented hips and craning head and- oh , the way she glances back. He is moaning like a fool- digging into her-straightening his spine. Doing his dammed best to impersonate a pumpjack. It's suspended time- slippery noises and beating flashes of white-numbing thrill, napalm bone-soaking delight. In her oscillating movements, her grandmother's shift is carried to the dimples of her swooning back. And Severus is struck by the sight in more than one place. By some last-stitch boldness- some feral desire, he gropes her revealed flesh tightly. It sears. Watches the hilt of cyclamen disappear into her. His feelings a pussyfoot around the glass edge, deep warm rum of an orgasm sloshing, imminent descent arriving. And comes. His fingers unravel from her skin, working the blessed flesh of her waist, slipping up her back to her many small ribs, cherishing the delicate pitting of a woman's back. They are still locked together, not even the flames of utopia consuming up from the undoing below could break the connection. They slumber into a restful state, yet time and overt nature are fully conscience. He had never dreamed nor slept while awake before, his thumb tracing imaginary runes along the brow of his Hermione, dragging the calloused pad past her rheumy, hangdog eyes, down to her parted lips and letting her nibble the salt there. He kisses her with his slender fingers still inside her pink mouth, capture of easy love. The night pulsing like a swift song above, curling around like cat paws to cat toes. A dark warm coat smelling of early cigarettes smoke, crisp morning wet refusing the dry light of dawn. Below they can hear the commotion of dance, uncorking bottles of wassail, cheery and jubilant voices of strangers that bring odd comfort with their effervescent presence. Floating all the while in a womb above the hostel where no one knew of their companionship together, only the yellow light under the door giving them mind to the threat of discovery. Hermione shifts one shapely leg around his ankle, hooking him with a petite affection deeper into the drawers of the bed sheets. Her sharp, little fingers, nimble enough to breeze through brittle papers of ancient tomes, pet the hairpin bones of his hips lovingly. There is no desire nor bid to leave like all others before. The Valkyrie could charge in for all they cared, hell hath no fury than that of disturbed lovers. He memorizes the scent behind her ear, kissing the thready pulse he finds. His nose nuzzling down her tumbling shoulders naming the scents of femme perspiration, venturing curled lip to her breasts and reveling the odor of arousal there. The scent of the sea, musky as shelling for mussels and cockles. He rolls his feet together, dispelling the theory of having shrimp stuck inbetween his toes. He suckles an unattended breast, letting her pleat a small braid from his mussed nape, awfully done in her state of bliss. But he basks in the wonder of her weaving, scratchy attentions. He rumbles pleased and quietly, there is no question in his voice, "Do you wish for me to leave?" Her pelvis rolls into his stomach, fingers threading into his undone hair, thumbs fiddling his ears sensually. He fears that she must have peeled back his face of its old mask, for she kisses against a crooked smile. There are little denotations of nerve, sparkling like plum pudding under the match, when her thighs cleave between his and entice flesh into a series of aroused increments. "Leave now and I'll hex you..." She mulls with a tongue at the filiform blue of his inner wrist, her lips sucking samples of white skin on her travels to his drawn bicep. "The alma mater party can wait..." Severus dances his fingers on her forearm, mapping the beauty marks and freckles, murmuring coastal cities of Italy to almighty constellations of the night sky. "I have no intention of returning to those bores." He draws the June constellation, the herdsman tending his flock above her navel. She laughs, pearly teeth gleaming and the luscious scent of ink and spiced wine accosting the next adventures of her mouth, trembling she sighs, "Besides the party, I was working on the relations of Syltherin and Gryffindor. They'd do well together." He kisses her chin to mouth hungrily, entering her once again and lifting her to the headboard. Fingers skimming her neck and all talk of dealings silenced. He taunts her lightly, kissing assuredly, "That you were."