"Charlie?" "I got a letter from the reserve." Charlie pinched his nose. "I need to return no later than the 1st of December or my position will be filled." Hermione was confused by this. "I thought you wanted to go back. You love the reserve. And I know you miss your dragons." Charlie nodded. "I do miss them and I miss my job. However, I'll also miss you." Hermione's heart skipped a beat and she suddenly couldn't look at Charlie's face. "I'll miss you too Char," Hermione said softly. "But you would hate staying in England without your fire-breathing lizards. Plus you were just complaining this morning about how bloody cold it is here." Charlie chuckled. "That's because it is bloody cold here." They sat in silence for a bit before Charlie spoke again. "You know," be began, looking at his feet his face slowly getting redder, "you could always come with me." "What?" Hermione asked flabbergasted. "If you wanted to that is." Charlie quickly added. "I know we have a position for researcher right now and I know that you aren't sure what you want to do right now but it could be something you could try and I know that you'll be amazing at it just like you are at everything else and –" "Char, you're rambling." Hermione giggled. "Sorry." "I'll do it." Hermione said suddenly. "What?" Charlie sat up so fast he nearly flung himself off the sofa. "You'll come with me?" Hermione nodded carefully. "That's amazing!" The next morning they told the rest of the family the new plan and apologized that because of how long Charlie had remained at home that they wouldn't be able to see them for Christmas or New Years' but they would try to get back for Ron and Harry's graduation from Auror training in the spring. The twins were the only ones that were excited by the news – they both knew exactly who would bring back the old Hermione and why it would be Charlie to be the one to do so. Neither Fred nor George could understand how their family had been so blind to not see the love blooming between the burly tamer and the bookworm. It was the only reason that neither boy had tried to court the witch themselves. Auror graduation came upon them fast and the family was extremely proud to be able to congratulate both Ron and Harry as new Aurors. They were gathered in the backyard of the Burrow for a large party when suddenly a happy voiced cried out. "Harry! Ron! I am so proud of both of you!" Heads turned as a beautiful, extremely tan witch grabbed both men into a large hug. "I am so sorry we're late – an idiot of a newbie forgot to double check the gate on the Hungarian Horntail. Do you know how hard it is to get a Horntail back into its pen let alone one that's in heat? It was horrendous." "HERMIONE?" Both boys yelled in shock. They hadn't recognized the witch and it had only been a few months since they had seen her. "Of course, who else would it be?" Hermione shook her thick curls. "Honestly, did you both forget me?" "You look, well you look bloody amazing," Ron sputtered as Luna laughed at her boyfriend's tact. "I mean Romania is obviously doing you some good." "It really is. It's absolutely beautiful there and the dragons are amazing. Just last week I got to help a small Ridgeback learn to use its wings properly. Oh and I rode one of the Opaleyes. So much better than the last dragon we rode – that was terrifying, remember?" Hermione giggled. "Thanks for leaving me all the damn paperwork, Mia," Charlie growled at the bubbly witch though everyone could see it in his eyes that he was amused. Hermione laughed at him and stuck out her tongue. Charlie then proceeded to toss her up onto his shoulder and started to walk away, "I think I'm going to just drop this lazy bum off in the pond. Be right back." The group watched in amazement as Hermione laughed even harder as she tried to get Charlie to put her down. Suddenly Hermione produced her wand – from where they had no idea – and they laughed as she sent a small stinging hex to Charlie's arse. Charlie dropped Hermione who then began to run back to the party guests as Charlie chased her. "Sorry guys, he just doesn't know when to stop," Hermione said, her face lighting up with glee. "He's like a giant kid." Hermione used her hand to push her hair out of her eyes as she panted slightly. "You weren't saying that last night," Charlie said smugly as the twins catcalled. "Well at least not the kid part." Hermione blushed and smacked Charlie's arm. "What? Oh yeah, I forgot. Sorry love." Eyebrows raised at the sentiment. "I was supposed to tell you all that Mia and I are dating. And I may have possibly asked her to marry me." There were gasps of delight. "And?" Ginny asked, trying to look at Hermione's hand. "I said yes of course!" Hermione laughed as Ginny attacked her with excitement. "Oh and I've taken on a position as head researcher at the reserve so looks like we'll be staying in Romania. And I completely forgot to mention that I'm off all potions. I found that getting a good nights' sleep, exhausting my muscles daily, and meditating is keeping the shaking down to a minimum." Hermione added with a grin. "Told you I could do it." She said happily her best friends. "You're back." Harry said in awe. Ron's eyes were moist again. "I think we've already established that Harry," Hermione said rolling her brown eyes. "No 'Mione, you're back," Harry said again taking her hand. "We've missed you ." "Oh," Hermione blushed. "Yeah I really think I am. I can finally breathe again." The End.