were at school?" She asked. "Nope, not even Lily. Always on his own. Well until our seventh year, and then he used to brew with an exchange student. Pretty little thing she was," "Sirius," came Remus gruff voice warning him to stop. "Where they...?" began Hermione curiosity getting the better of her. "Oh Merlin no. They were good friends though, best. I'm almost certain they were closer then Lily and he had been," Sirius chose to ignore the death stares the old Werewolf was giving him, he'd kept his trap shut for twenty years what's a little bit of chit chat going to do? "What happened to her?" "She went home, wherever that was and no one has seen her since," he shrugged. "Anyway enough of that, you best be off before Snape gets grumpy," Remus interrupted. "What you brewing anyway?" "Wolfsbane," she replied. "I thought I was teaching you?" pouted Sirius eyes wide and pup like. "Yes, but you did bugger it up and it will come in handy if she's up to scratch sooner rather than later if there's a mess up again, Snape's' not going to help out forever we're lucky there were two day's worth of back up till I saw him today," Remus flashed Sirius a knowing glance. He knew that it would be Hermione who would provide him with the potion during their final year, going on to teach Snape how to brew it before she left them which he had only learnt a short while ago. Still he couldn't believe that he hadn't figured out that Hermione had been the one to teach him, he was obviously far too distracted with how much he missed her to figure out what she had done for him before she left. Merlin he loved that witch. "Fair enough," said Sirius still pouting much to their amusement. "And on that note I'll see you the two of you later. When you see Harry by the way remind him to pack I will not be doing it for him this year, he made the choice to return with me after the battle so it's up to him to pack," Hermione stated firmly. Both men looked at her with quirked eyebrows heads cocked to the side "Fine you're right I know I'll end up doing it just try to get him to organise his stuff a little," both men took the same position "Argh. Fine I'll just do it when I'm back," and with that she was gone in a swirl of green flames leaving the werewolf and animagus laughing behind. "You're an idiot Padfoot," Remus said to Sirius his eyes flashing amber in warning once the laughter had died. "Calm down there Moony," The two men sat in silence for a while tension thick in the air. Both allowing their minds to wander back into the past, back to the day they met the fiery brunette who left quite the impression on them. Sirius took a moment to look over at his friend, truly look at him. He could see the worry set on his features, the glisten in his eyes and the rapid changing of his eyes from blue to amber as he tried to control the emotions of the worried wolf trying desperately to calm Moony down over his mate. He could see what the years away from her was doing to them, though he was still as handsome as ever which was often noted by the number of women who would hopelessly throw themselves in his direction he looked tired and worn. The youthful glow he once had was slowly diminishing the longer both he and the wolf were kept from their mate, his sandy blond hair speckled with more grey than it should be. "It won't be long," he began drawing the attention of his friend away from the fireplace "He'll have his mate soon, you both will," Remus let out a deep sigh "It's all well and good saying that, but we don't know that. I will not force her into something so permanent; she is so young and has her whole life in front of her. She has been through so much and I will not allow a part of my life become her burden," "Remus. You will be doing no such thing I was there. I saw the love between you raw and completely devoted to one another she is the Lily to your James," Remus scoffed in amusement. "Did you honestly just use Lily and James as a metaphor?" Sirius answered with a smug grin "Yes. Yes I did. But it's true she's already hopeless about you," The Werewolf's eyes shot up meeting his fellow marauders gaze. "We talking about Hermione's love for Remus?" a pair of hands clamp down on Remus's shoulders from behind breaking the intense staring match that had yet to stop between the marauders. "Yes we were Harry. Apparently however it seems to be news to dear Remus here," Sirius said stretching out back into his chair raising his arms above his head and behind his neck. "I find that hard to believe. It's so obvious even I can tell and that's saying something," came the voice of a signature red head from the doorway. "See Moony, even Ron here can tell. There is nothing to worry about dear friend," The two younger men in the room share a look of confusion before turning their gaze back towards the other males in the room both waiting rather patiently for an explanation. "You'll know in due time boys, in fact in exactly two days," Harry godfather said. They simply nodded with curiosity but said no more knowing full well that the two marauders always kept their word and for whatever reason it was they had to wait. They would. There was obviously a little more too it then they knew and both knew it was wiser to agree then question a werewolves intentions towards their best friend.