Harry got choked up again and he started sobbing as he said, "If it weren't for me, Sirius wouldn't be…" "Oh, Harry, I am so sorry," Lily replied, softly as she pulled her son towards her, rocking him gently like she used to do when he was a baby. "Oh, my poor baby." James couldn't find his voice as the news sunk in. Sirius was dead? It couldn't be. There had to be some mistake… Hearing the front door opening again, James felt himself on high alert as he pulled out his wand, standing up and blocking Lily and Harry from whoever was intruding. But the thin piece of wood fell from his hand and clattered when it hit the floor as James just stared at the figure staggering in front of him. "Sirius!" Harry shouted as he jumped up and ran to his godfather, hugging him tightly and not noticing when Sirius gave a grunt of pain. "Oh, my God, look at you!" Lilly exclaimed, worried as she took in Sirius's ripped and bloody clothes and the bruises on his face. Going over to Sirius, she gingerly touched the gash on his forehead. "Come sit down. Come on. This way." When Sirius went to take a step, his left leg buckled and James and Harry had to catch him before he fell. "Yeah, I… I think I broke it at some point," he said, vaguely. Once Lily used her wand to splint the leg, he gave her a weak smile. "Thanks." Slowly, the group made their way to the sitting room, James helping his best friend sit down on the couch. "Sirius… What happened? Harry said you were dead !" But Sirius passed out before he could answer, leaving the Potters with more questions than answers. xx While Lily worked on healing Sirius's injuries, James apparated with Harry to the Leaky Cauldron to get the rest of Harry's things. Seeing the small assortment of heavily worn muggle clothes, James looked questioningly at his son. "We didn't leave you enough money for new clothes?" Harry avoided his father's gaze for a few moments but then sighed as he sat on the bed. This was his dad, not his uncle, he reminded himself. "Dad, I wasn't living with Sirius the past 14 years or so," he said, slowly, looking nervous. "Sirius was… in Azkaban for murdering you, Mum, and 12 muggles… and Peter Pettigrew." James sat down on the chair in the corner of the room, shaking his head. "Harry, I am so sorry. I wish we had never trusted Pettigrew in the first place." With a dry laugh he added, "So how was it growing up with Moony?" Harry licked his lips and said, "I… didn't grow up with Lupin, either." At his father's questioning look, he explained. "Dumbledore gave me over to Mum's sister, Petunia, and her husband, Vernon." James stiffened and he felt a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach as he thought of how uneasy Harry had seemed when James had hugged him earlier, and how Harry wouldn't look at him when talking about Sirius's death. Waiting until Harry looked him in the eye, James asked, "Did they ever hurt you, physically?" It took a while for Harry to reply. "You mean abuse? Beating me?" When his father nodded, Harry nodded in return. "Yeah. Uncle Vernon hit me whenever he felt the inclination. Dudley, my cousin, did the same." And he then proceeded to give James the short version of the past 14 years with the Dursleys. James rubbed the bridge of his nose, eyes closed. He wanted so badly to find the Dursleys and make them pay. He wanted to tell Lily all the details, knowing that she would show no mercy to her sister, nephew, and brother-in-law. But when he opened his eyes, seeing Harry's scared look, James, strangely enough, felt the storm raging inside him quiet almost instantly. The teenager's expression said it all. Harry was afraid his father would go crazy… hurt the Dursleys… get locked up. James had just gotten Harry back. He couldn't risk losing his son again because of some revenge campaign. Standing and going over to Harry, James put his hands on Harry's shoulders, looking down and smiling as he said, "It's all in the past, Harry. Okay? Forget everything that happened. "It's over. You're with me and Lily now, and we love you. We will never hurt you. I promise." Harry stood and embraced his father, feeling the man hugging him back, tightly. "Don't tell Mum," Harry cautioned. Pulling away, James laughed as he packed up the rest of Harry's things. "Harry, for the record, I would have left your aunt, uncle and cousin alive to face the muggle courts. Lily, kind and reserved as she may seem, can be as dangerous as Hellfire when provoked enough. I have no intention of telling your mother anything." Arriving back at Marauder Manor, James and Harry found Lily in the kitchen with Sirius who looked much better than before. He sat at the counter of the kitchen island, a sad smile on his face as he watched Lily making dinner. Turning when he heard footsteps, he stood and hugged Harry who returned the embrace, happy tears in his eyes. "Harry, I'm so sorry," Sirius said as Harry apologized at the same time. But Sirius waved the apology away. "You thought you were doing the right thing, Harry," Sirius insisted. "I shouldn't have gone in the first place, or… I should have been more careful." "It wasn't your fault, Harry," Lily insisted, noticing that her son was still feeling guilty. "No one is blaming you for any of this." "I'm here, Harry," Sirius said, smiling at his godson. "I'm alive…your parents are alive. And you are going to have the life you should have had all along with all of us, together." "Sounds great," Harry replied, smiling earnestly as his mother continued making dinner with Sirius and James' help.