croaked out "how did you figure it out." He asked looking up. "I watched some of my memories over again… you asked for James's life…not lily's." "yes…and the dark lord… 'Respectfully refused'" Severus said painfully. "Why?" "James was an arror… he was a threat." Severus said quietly. "why did you become a death eater, Severus?" Dumbledore asked sitting on the adjacent armchair. "you were happy, were you not? What caused this mess?" "I thought…that if I was a death eater… they would spare him on raids… he wouldn't get hurt… it was only to protect them." Severus finished in defeat. Dumbledore looked at him sadly "I'm afraid that did not work out." Dumbledore said sadly "you will not take your son in?" "no… I stopped deserving him the day James took him away and made him Lily Evans's child. If she, homophobia and all, was a better mother then I… it's better this way." All Dumbledore did was shake his head sadly and leave the rooms. Harry gaped at Severus… he'd left him there! All because his Dad took him away! Harry rubbed his face angrily. As he lifted his hands he saw that Severus was pacing in front of Dumbledore angrily. "disrespectful, arrogant… nothing like his father at all really… but I have to goad him, for my image… can't have junior death eaters ratting me out." Severus huffed before sitting into his chair. "really Severus, you're seeing what you want to see. The other professors find him engaging and kind." Dumbledore said smiling at him from behind his transfiguration magazine. "much like you." Severus twitched in a annoyance. "you know…truthfully I always believed you had loved Lily, even before you 'asked' for her. The way you angered when James courted her made it look as though you were jealous of him, not lily." Dumbledore said flipping the page a again. "appearance before reality, Albus. I would never love that…cow." Severus finished angrily "now, Severus, respect the dead." All Severus did was jerk his neck. The memory shifted and Harry instantly felt the stiffness of the setting. Everything was taught with tension. Even the silver instruments on Dumbledore's table were silent. Severus was sitting straight backed in a chair as Dumbledore paced in front of him. "Harry must not know, not until the last moment, not until it is necessary, otherwise how could he have the strength to do what must be done?" "but what must he do?" "That is between Harry and me. Now, listen closely, Severus. There will come a time, after my death, do not argue, do not interrupt! There will come a time when lord Voldemort will seem to fear for the life of his snake." "for Naginii?" Severus asked astonished. "Precisely. If there comes a time when lord Voldemort stops sending the snake forth to do his bidding, but keeps it safe beside him, under magical protection, then, I think, it will be safe to tell Harry." "Tell him what?" Severus asked in confusion. Dumbledore sighed and turned away. "Tell him that on the night lord Voldemort tried to kill him, when Lily Evans cast her own life between them as a shield of her own free will, the killing curse rebounded upon lord Voldemort, and a fragment of Voldemort's soul was blasted apart form the whole, and latched unto the only living soul left in the building. Part of Lord Voldemort lives inside Harry, and it is that which gives him the power of speech with snakes, and a connection with lord Voldemort's mind that he has never understood. And while the fragment of soul, unmissed by Voldemort, remains attached to, and protected by Harry, lord Voldemort cannot die." Harry felt his heart sink and shatter upon contact with the memory floor. He put a hand over his heart and choked. He heard a muffled sob and looked up. Severus hand a hand over his mouth. "so the boy… my Harry…must die?" he asked quietly "and Voldemort must do it, Severus. That is essential." Severus blinked and lowered his eyes. After a long pause he looked up and his eyes were ablaze with anger "I though that… all these years…we were protecting him!" Severus yelled standing. "we have protected him because it has been essential to teach him, to raise him, to let him try his strength…" Dumbledore turned his head minutely. "Meanwhile, the connection between them grows ever stronger, a parasite growth: sometimes I have thought he suspects it himself. If I know him, he will have arranged matters so that when he does set out to meet his death, it will, truly, mean the end of Voldemort." Dumbledore finally turned to see Severus's pain , horror and anger. "you have kept my child alive just so he can die at the right moment?" "Severus… we are in war… you cannot save everyone, even the ones we love, how many men and women have you watched die? "lately, only the ones I could not save… you have used me!" "meaning?" "I have spied for you, and lied for you, put myself in mortal danger for you! Everything was supposed to keep Harry safe! Now you tell me you have been raising him like a pig for slaughter!" "Severus…have you grown to truly care for the boy like a mother?" Dumbledore asked in shock. There was a short pause "Not just him." Severus said quietly "expecto patronum." From the tip of his wand burst the silver doe: she turned her head as if looking for something before turning her head then bounding out the window. Dumbledore watched he disappear before he turned back to Severus with eyes full of tears. "You were James's soul mate…" he said quietly "Yes." Severus said turning away before hanging his head, hiding his face with his hair as he did so long ago. But there was no James to heal his pain now and, leaving a lump in Harry's throat, the memories dissipated. ~ Chapter Finite Icantatum~