it was never overtly acknowledged. When he was formally presented to the final guy, who Potter called Peter Pettigrew, Laz gave him a firm, moderately friendly handshake. He saw jealousy gallop through his eyes and knew Pettigrew and he would be at best somewhat wary acquaintances. Now that the ice was broken, the boys seemed to be eager to give Laz the full story of Hogwarts, from their vantage anyway. Professors, students, staff, traditions, the food, homework; all were touched on, weighed, balanced and then dismissed, all at breakneck speed. He noted that Evans seemed to disagree with most of what was said. He couldn't tell if it was the opinions, the frenetic way they were given or just the boys who gave it to which she objected. He found his assessment of James Potter changing too. The jury was still out on him, would be for some time too, he thought; still he'd shown both leadership and some soupçon of empathy too (the latter towards Lupin) and that raised his opinion of his double. – LL– As all this went on, he found he wanted a sounding board for the impressions he had of these people and their opinions. When Amelia finally returned to the compartment, he found himself inexplicably relieved. He wondered why. He thought it was mainly due to her not seeming to have any agenda; neither in protecting someone, nor in asserting her position and opinions. He guessed it was because she truly seemed to wish to share with him; in any event, she didn't trigger his alarms the way the others had. Evans said she would return to her friends, while the 'Marauders' left for wherever they'd emerged from. Amelia laughed at the look of ill-disguised relief she saw on his face when they were alone. "Looks like you ran the gauntlet. Lily is one of my closest friends and she thinks the world of me. I'll be the first to admit that she will go to extremes sometimes." Laz thought she'd just called a raging bull a baby calf. "Noooo. Realllly?" He smiled when she snorted. "She acted like we were dating and she was your father. She did go overboard – and about a mile away from the boat. I called her on it; I didn't get an apology yet either. I thought she might have been ready to, then someone sent in the clowns." Amelia laughed at that and they started to talk about those he met and what they had to say. She agreed that Lily had gone too far and she hoped they'd be able to mend fences. She thought his assessment of the Marauders was astute and added her opinions. That included an explanation of the situation at Hogwarts and the stresses that the war had placed on the people there. By the time the Express arrived at Hogsmeade, he knew a lot about Hogwarts, and the people he'd encounter. He also knew he'd made a friend. – LL– They parted, she to the carriages and he to the boats. He shared with three first year students who didn't seem relieved to find that he was new too . Sorting seemed to go about as he thought it would. He told the Hat to put him where he'd do the most good and ended up in Gryffindor. Dinner was OK, he talked to the girls in his year he hadn't met, had a huge meal (He would have to remember to arrange for something to eat on the Express next time, since the trolley only offered candy). Evans and Lupin led Laz and the other newcomers to the Gryffindor common room, gave them the password and ushered them inside, except for Laz, whom Lily held back. "Long, this afternoonI was about to apologize when the Marauders found me. I was completely out of line with you today. I have a tendency to jump to conclusions because my mind works so fast. I'm the first in my family with magic too, and this world is so strange! There are things I can't quite put my finger on; I think somethings don't addup and it kind of drives me to distraction at times. I'd blame the fact I have a temper on my hair, but myparents are easy-going, so I guess it's on me. I'm sorry you heard the rough side of my tongue. Also, I indirectly inflicted Potter and the rest on you. Can we try again? I can't promise 'Mt. Lily' won't erupt at you again, but I'll do my best." Laz smiled inwardly at her earnestness. He suspected they were more alike than she knew and that had something to do with it too. "S'OK. Hi, I'm Lazarus Long. Pleased to meet you." Lily smiled in relief. She shook his hand. "I'm glad to meet you, Laz, My name's Lily Evans. I hope you'll like it here." A/N: While my main character is named Lazarus Smith Long, there is no connection at all to the creation of Robert A. Heinlein. I (and his parents) simply like the name. It's never spelled out in canon, but there are twenty-six prefect slots: ten in seventh year (Head Boy and Girl, two additionally from each house), eight in both fifth and sixth years. That suggests that four prefects patrol during any given hour, or each prefect patrols once, except the Heads who take two shifts. When you think of it, it seems top-heavy; Hogwarts in canon has only about 280 students. Story recommendation: A Baby Changes Everything, b y PokePotterfan93. W hat happens when 16 year old James and Lily find a baby calling them Dada and Mama? M. id: 9011622 Grateful thanks to my beta, Alix33 on this venture I run polls on my profile fairly frequently. Be sure to vote when one's up. As always, you readers make this all worthwhile. Views, followers, favorites, reviews, C2s are my payment, and I feel rich. Posted: 04/0/2017 Repost: 06/04/2017 Words: 3,955