windows of Privet Drive were full of eyes spying through gaps between curtains. Housewives like circling vultures, waiting for a moment of weakness — their pecking order built on the illusion of perfection and wealth. "Let me go!" Harry shouted, though he knew it was futile. Tears gathered in the corners of his eyes, clouding his already blurry vision. He blinked them away furiously. He wouldn't give Dudley the satisfaction of seeing him cry. Not now. Not ever. Once they were hidden from sight, Dudley kicked him hard on the shin and Harry's leg collapsed. He would have fallen, but Piers hauled him back up, presenting him to Dudley's fists. "What's the matter Freak?" — a blow connected on Harry's left side — "Not going to scream for us?" Dudley asked. His friends laughed raucously. Gordon, Malcolm, and Dennis were slapping their fists against their palms in anticipation of getting their own turns. Dudley's fists rained down on him. "Nobody wants you! You're nothing but a waste of space!" A blow to his jaw left Harry seeing stars. "Come on, scream for us you freak! See if anyone comes to help you." Harry grit his teeth and twisted away from the blows, his hands clenching into fists. He couldn't deny Dudley's words, they were all true. Every. Single. One. Nobody wanted him. Nobody would ever want him. Arguing about it would only get him beaten worse — as punishment for lying. He had nearly worked one arm free when Piers kneed him in the tailbone, sending a jolt up his spine that stole the strength from his limbs. Piers hauled him back around and tightened his grip until their bodies pressed together and Harry could feel the other boy's warmth sinking through his shirt. It made his skin crawl. Dudley's next punch sent both Harry and Piers back against the side of the house. "Ow!" Piers whined, having acted as a cushion between Harry and the wall. "Careful Big D! Don't forget I'm here too." The other boys roared with laughter and patted Piers on the shoulders. The short reprieve was enough for Harry to gather his bearings and brace himself for the next blow. It never landed. The low drone was in his ears once again as a small, sibilant voice cried, "Release the Speaker!" Piers jerked sideways. "S-s-snake!" he yowled, dropping Harry's arms in favour of scrambling away. Dennis, Malcolm and Gordon followed close on his tail, all four of them bolting towards the safety of the back yard. Dudley held his ground, and even without his glasses Harry could see him winding up for another punch. Harry lashed out, channelling his pain and anger into a ringing backhand that caught his cousin across the face. He knew he wasn't strong enough to do any real damage — Dudley was a foot taller and five times his weight. Yet, as his hand connected he felt a spark, like static electricity, pass from him to his cousin. Dudley yelped and fell back against the ornamental fence with the weight of a wreaking ball. There was a deafening crack as two of the thin whitewashed boards gave way, half dumping him into the neighbours' yard. Dudley staggered to his feet, eyes wide and hands clutching his fat cheek. Harry couldn't make out his expression, but took a brief moment to revel at getting his cousin back. It ended up being one moment too long. Before he could run away, Dudley bellowed in rage and bodychecked him into the side of the house. Stars burst across Harry's vision as his head slammed against the wall and the breath left his lungs with a whoosh . "Dudley?" his aunt called, her voice swimming at the edges of his fading consciousness. "Diddikins?" There was a moment of silence, then she shrieked. "What happened to your face?" Harry barely felt her bony hand close over his arm. He couldn't breathe. He wove like a drunk as she dragged him into the muggy house, his feet slipping on the kitchen tiles. He bounced against a wall, then the door to his cupboard loomed large before his eyes. It flew open and he pitched forward into the dark space beneath the stairs. He couldn't breathe! He landed hard on his cot, his head bumping against the shelves on the far wall. The door slammed shut behind him and there was a click as his aunt drew the latch home. Curling into a ball he threw his head back, gulping like a fish out of water. It felt like an eternity before his chest expanded, sucking in a hot, stuffy breath. The air burned in his lungs, and the veins along the sides of his neck throbbed. Oblivion tugged at him, beckoning him away from his pain and into its dark embrace. He tried to follow, but his mind was still wired for flight and fought off the encroaching darkness long enough for him to hear raised voices beyond the door. "It's the freak that's done it!" "Yeah, he hit Big D right in the face!" "Come here pumpkin, sit down and I'll get you a cool cloth. When your father sees what that wretched child did—" "I want ice cream!" "Of course love, you can have anything you want!" An emotion rose up in his chest, darker than anger, but it was snuffed out as unconsciousness claimed him. ~End Chapter One~ For everyone who read to the end of the first chapter, thank you! I hope you enjoyed it and that you'll stick around for chapter two, in which Harry makes a friend and learns a secret! If you enjoyed this first chapter I'd be forever grateful if you left a review with your first impressions, what you liked, what you didn't like, or guesses as to where we're going from here. Each follow and review I receive inspires me to carve out more time from my schedule to keep writing and editing! Stay magical, -Theine