had shook her up. "You're a friend." I spoke, moving away from them and making to board the train. "An insult to you is an insult to me." "What insult? What happened?" demanded Arielle, her head turning from side to side in search of the enemy. "Nothing" I muttered, glancing in every compartment as we passed them, searching for one that would be free, or at the very least not taken up by a group of timid Hufflepuffs, overachieving Ravenclaws or stupidly brave and self-confident Gryffindors. Well, now that I think about it, I was searching for people from Slytherin that I could stand for more than a couple of minutes at a time. Namely, Astoria and Daphne. "What happened Clo?" asked Arielle, not believing a word I said. Smart. "Well, Nott bumped into me" spoke she, and I noticed that she was uncomfortable with the subject, her tone slightly trembling and higher than it was in normal circumstances. "But really, nothing happened, Linds took care of it." "That can't be it." Snapped Arielle, obviously noticing the same amount of uncertainty to Clo's voice as I had. "He called her a mud-blood" spoke my sister, deciding to be ahead of Arielle who would surely turn on her next. "I'll hex his balls off!" snarled Arielle, making to trudge forward, past me, but I held out my hand, stopping her. "No, I handled it." I spoke, frowning as we stopped in front of the compartment with the Golden Trio. How utterly lovely. "Yes, and I am going to handle it as well" snapped she, pushing past me. I stopped her however, drawing my wand and her eyes narrowed. "No. Nott is a Slytherin, you will not lay one hex on him. He is mine." I hissed at her "Or the next time one of your darling little cubs hexes one of my housemates, I will make sure to send him to the hospital wing." Arielle narrowed her eyes even further, but in the end huffed, hiding her wand. We had an agreement, she and I. She did not touch Slytherins, and I did not touch Gryffindors, all others were fair game. She moved past me, stretching and throwing over her shoulder. "Fine, fine, you handle it, let's find a compartment, I want a nap." I rolled my eyes at her, but hid my wand as well, there was no need for it at the moment. We walked a bit further, only to find a compartment of Slytherins. There were the Greengrass sisters, and with them, to my disappointment, were Draco Malfoy, Blaise Zabini and Tracy Davis. The latter two were sitting rather close together, and he smirked as she leaned over to him, exposing her entire cleavage, and biting on his ear. It was my turn to huff now, annoyed at the behaviour they displayed. They could at least draw the curtains, and not ruin the reputation of the entire house, just because one of them seemed to be physically unable to keep his pants on and the other was the whore of the Slytherin house. This, however, was not my priority, what I was set on at the moment, was getting as far as I could from the compartment. Unfortunately for me, two of the worst imaginable things happened. The compartment next to them was empty, and Arielle strolled in, claiming a seat as her own and slouching on it, followed by my sister and Clo. The other thing was that Astoria noticed me, and smiled, drawing the attention of Zabini, the only person I would like to avoid at all costs in my schooling, and one of the few people who kept following me around like an idiot, even though I hexed him on every occasion imaginable. A stupid grin spread across his face and he rose to his feet, ignoring the clinging girl that stuck to him as if she were glued to his person. Disgusting. "Hello Roseycheeks" greeted he, opening the doors of the compartment before I could lock them, and entering with his attachment. He didn't seem to notice that she was trying to drool all over his neck, making my stomach twist in disgust. "Hello Melody, Hayes" greeted he, ignoring Clo, as he did on every occasion. I supposed that this was better than insulting her outright but it still riled Arielle up, and annoyed me. "Claudia is here as well Zabini" snapped she, and to the amazement of all of us, he grinned at Arielle and turned to Clo, smiling and speaking "Hello Claudia." The surprise of all present was apparent, Tracy stopped drooling on him and stared at him, Melody's eyes bulged out as did Clo's, while Arielle gaped at him. It seemed I was the only one to have kept any dignity in my surprise. "I am glad that you know our names. Now, if that were all, and you did not in fact wish to demonstrate that you know how to count to six as well, you can be on your way." I spoke, waving my wand and opening the doors for him. "You wound me Rosey" muttered he, crossing his hand across his heart dramatically, as Tracy hugged him on the side, smirking at me. "Not fatally unfortunately." I hissed and with one cold glare, took out a book, beginning to read and ignoring the obnoxious boy. He had begun his pursuit of me last year, clearly intending to make me one of his conquests, which I had no intention on being. "Come one Blaise" cooed Tracy, her hand lowering on his back. "I want to show you something." He glanced down at her, than at me, and then back at her. "You go, I'll catch up" he smirked, and he watched as she disappeared in the direction of the bathroom. "She's damn clingy" muttered he, and grinned to me as I refused to look up. "See you later Rosey, girls" spoke he, disappearing in the opposite direction from Tracy.