eye. "H-Hello." "I need to speak to Violet. Alone," a terse, now familiar voice said from behind her. Violet felt her insides freeze. Not knowing who it was, Hermione bobbed her head up and down, snatched up her book, and hurried out of her seat. Violet rose to follow her. "I have to go." Now was the perfect time to tell Hermione. Then, they could come up with a plan. She would fight Riddle if Hermione thought it was the right thing to do. "No you don't." Tom gripped her shoulders and forced her back into her chair. When he was sure she wasn't going to flee, he sauntered to the seat across from her and sat down. "Even Dumbledore thinks you're a submissive little mouse." Violet only looked at him blankly. She heard some variation of that a lot. Hermione and Ginny said it shouldn't bother her, so it didn't. She wouldn't have survived four years with Snape otherwise. "Okay…" "I know that's not true." Riddle's dark eyes scanned the room. So Dumbledore didn't know he was here. Or he was pretending not to know. Violet was sure it was the latter. Riddle's eyes flickered to her Gryffindor badge. "What a sly Gryffindor you are. No one can punish or fault you if you don't make a decision yourself. Poor Violet just didn't know… Poor Violet was just scared. More like poor Violet knows how to escape a beating." Violet's eyes widened, but otherwise, she didn't react. That wasn't true. She just had trouble making decisions because she knew she'd mess everything up. But when it counted… "But when it counts," Riddle went on, "like when they were talking about killing me… Poor Violet suddenly has a voice. Stupid Gryffindor. They aren't going to believe you can do anything if you always act like you can't." "I-I can," Violet said feebly. It sounded like she was asking a question, and she hated herself for it. Riddle leaned forward, causing Violet to lean away. "Prove it." She was easy to manipulate. One short conversation and he was going to get what he wanted. Dumbledore didn't trust him, and he wasn't even allowed to know why. The old man was going to regret it. "He can't remember," Violet said boldly. "And you said that he has part of me in his soul, that he has a conscience. So why can't he be in our class next year?" But Dumbledore had a few tricks up his sleeve. Tricks that Tom wasn't aware of. "Do you think that is fair to Miss Weasley? Surely she will recognize him." That stumped Violet. Guilt flooded her green eyes and she chewed on her bottom lip nervously. "She-But he can't remember. To him, it didn't happen at all. Ginny…" "Almost died at Tom's hands," Dumbledore finished for her. "And lost a year of her life. I don't think it is wise, Violet." "I…" Violet almost backed down. She cast her eyes down to her shiny black shoes. Tom thought she was surely going to give up, and he would have to spend a few days berating her to get her to start up the conversation again. But then, she glanced at him and used his disapproval to go on. "He could go in disguise. What did you think was going to happen? That he would spend the rest of his life in your office? You act all smug, saying that Riddle isn't Voldemort and that he has a heart, but you're still treating him like he doesn't!" Excellent. Dumbledore was taunting him for having a heart? Well he himself had a weak one. One so weak that he would give in to the naïve demands of a childish girl. "Perhaps… we can break a few rules." "A few?" Violet asked. Tom remained silent, not wanting Dumbledore to become suspicious. With a chuckle, Dumbledore conjured a quill into a large pair of sunglasses. "You, Tom, are going to have a seeing dog named Padfoot." "A what?" Tom dared to ask as Violet's green eyes lit up. At least he wouldn't be trapped in the office. Dumbledore smiled. "Part of your disguise. You will say that you are joining us for your fifth year because during you first four years, you were homeschooled. Your parents feared that your blindness would impede your ability to get around the castle. However, now that you have Padfoot, they have full confidence in you." "Sirius will be in the castle!?" Violet asked happily, like she couldn't believe her ears. Sirius was Padfoot. Oh no… "The whole school year?!" "Yes." Dumbledore patted her head like an adoring grandfather. "Why don't you write him the good news? I'll get you some parchment." Tom supposed he should feel outfoxed as Dumbledore headed to the upper part of his office, but he didn't. It may take a few months, but he would find a way to get rid of the "dog" or babysitter was more like it. Maybe he could even trick Violet into sending him away. "Thank you!" He sounded so genuine that he almost believed himself. Violet was positively glowing with excitement, even though the last he saw Sirius, he called her spineless. It may be harder than he thought to turn her against him. He would have to take a risk. He kissed her without giving it much thought. She was greedily fed on attention from anyone who so much as smiled at her, so he knew he wouldn't be rejected. When she started kissing him back, Tom expected to feel superiority and a sense of accomplishment. He gasped when realized he felt something else, something he almost didn't recognize. For the first time in his life, Tom felt… happy. So… what do you think? I normally don't like this pairing, so I don't know what possessed me to write it. I'm more of a fem!Harry x Draco fan, so I'd like to hear what you guys think of fem!Harry x Tom. :)