heard the kitchen portrait opening and no other than the elusive miss Black came out of it with a bunch of grapes in one hand. They both stopped short, waiting for the other to speak. He, being a true gentleman, not like all those green phonies, was the first to talk. "Hey" very eloquent. "What has gotten into you?" huh? She was frowning, waiting for an answer. "What are you talking about?" She pointed at him with her free hand in an exasperated move. "You! I haven't hear one single bad joke come out of your mouth for weeks. It's weird." He gave her a cocky smile. "I thought you didn't like my jokes." She huffed and rolled her eyes. "I have no regards for your crass tomfoolery, I just find it strange." He felt a little something growing in his heart for she had to care, at least a little to have noticed his change in mood. "If you must know my girlfriend dumped me for one of you fellow housemates. Happy now?" For a split second he thought she did look happy, then the frown was back and she was shaking her head. "Hegel broke up with you? For whom?" Girls and their gossip...Well, everyone already knew by now, she must have spent her days under a rock for her not to know about it. Yet she had noticed him... hmmm. "Rosier." She made a disbelieving face and he gritted his teeth, he would kill her if she started talking about blood. "He could never.." "Date a halfblood, well he is. Apparently a mudblood is sin, but halfblood are fine, to pass the time probably." oh-ouh she looked furious. She kept quiet and resumed her walk back to the dungeons and he felt like an idiot for cutting her out because now he really wanted to know what she was going to say. He didn't have to chase her though, she stopped a few feet away from him and turned to stare at him, eyes still blasting. "Just so you know, you big nincompoop, that was not at all what I wanted to say." Nincompoop. Did that word still exist? Seriously, that girl. He took a deep breath and asked as calmly as possible. "What did you want to say?" She looked down at him, and he could see why everyone thought her haughty. "I wanted to say he could never compare to you, but I certainly retract my statement." She made an offended sound, made a sharp turn and kept walking towards the dungeons. "Gaaaahhh!" That woman would drive him crazy with her mixed signals, and her aloofness and her bloody charm! Fourth year Andromeda She had to be losing her mind. What other explanation could there be to the gruesome feelings that surged through her body when she saw Tonks with his new girlfriend. They had every right to hold hands in public, just like any other couple in school, and yet it was only them, doing something as innocent as that, that made her want to curse them into oblivion and maybe throw some nasty disfiguration charm at the poor girl. She had spent the whole wretched year running away from them, trying to sit as far away from them in class, sitting with her back to their table, and doing anything in her power to ignore the hyena like laugh Hegel did every time Tonks said one of his foolish jokes. Which was all. the. bloody. time. But when he finally stopped with the jokes it didn't make her feel any better. Now she was worrying about him, and how she hated him for that. Blasted kid, he couldn't just stop being his usual annoyingly cheery self without any explanation. So when she bumped into him outside the kitchens she couldn't stop herself from questioning him. The moment he said he wasn't with Samantha Hegel anymore she wanted to cry out with joy. No more sitting arrangement or scape roots! But then of course she realized he wasn't happy about it. Then he said she had left him for Stephane. Stephane! The self absorbed prat that walked around school like he was some kind of god because he was good at catching balls. The girl was mental. She was about to tell him that when he interrupted her to spit all that nonsense (well okay, according to all her ancestors it was not nonsense) about blood. And she was livid. She decided to walk back to her dorms before she murdered him but changed her mind. As incensed as she was, that ninny had to hear what she wanted to say because she was not the blood supremacist fanatic he made her out to be. "I wanted to say he could never compare to you, but I certainly retract my statement." There, all said. The next day, when Samantha Hegel was hanging from Stephane's arm she couldn't suppress her disdain. And then the girl had the gall to address her like old time friends. "Good morning Margot, Andromeda." Margot nodded her head in acknowledgement. "Excuse me, but I don't remember allowing you to address me like that. It's miss Black to you." The silence was palpable. Who cares? Everyone thought her a bitch anyway. "Do you have a problem with my blood?" How on earth did Edward Tonks ended up with such a silly goose? She'd never know. "I have no problem whatsoever with your blood, it's your pliable personality that I find so distasteful." She could hear Michael Galler laughing from the Hufflepuff table, but didn't dare look in case Tonks was there. She cleaned the corner of her mouth with her napkin and stood up with all the regal she had to acquire as a dignified lady from the most ancient and noble House of Black and left the Great Hall. Hours later, when Edward Tonks had half the class doubled over with laughter she didn't even try to suppress her smile.