time when he was much older, she'd told herself. Now Harry knew the whole story and Petunia was trying not to feel scared for her nephew, especially after hearing that Peter Pettigrew had escaped Azkaban Prison. "Petunia, I thought you'd told Harry about—" Sirius had started when he entered the kitchen. Petunia cut him off with a wave of her hand. "I'm not angry…not really," she admitted, starting to chop onions and garlic for her favorite pasta meat sauce. "I just didn't think it was necessary to tell Harry everything. Especially with Pettigrew locked up." Sirius nodded understandingly as he began browning the ground beef and sausage for the meat sauce. It was Petunia's favorite recipe and he'd had in quite a few times before. "But we can't protect him forever, Petunia. I mean, last year with the basilisk and the Chamber of Secrets was—" "Maybe we should pull Harry out of Hogwarts," Petunia blurted out, suddenly. When Sirius stopped what he was doing to turn and look at her, she let out every thought she'd been holding back for the past year. "Harry can't be healed by magic. He's already lost one leg and most of his hearing. And then the accident on the stairs? Sirius, it seems like each injury Harry gets is worst than the last. He needed extensive surgery on his leg this last time. Before that at Hogwarts he broke his arm playing that ridiculous game and needed surgery. He broke his collarbone two years before that and right after he recovered from the meningitis he broke his leg on the playground at school." Sirius held back any comments about Harry's magical immunity disorder but he knew that it only seemed that Harry's injuries were escalating because he was getting older and becoming more active. But he couldn't deny that the same fears and worries were weighing on his own mind more and more. Maybe he should suggest to McGonagall that Harry be banned from Quidditch during his third year? The more he pondered that idea, however, the more Sirius didn't like it. Quidditch was one of the few things in Harry's life that didn't count on being able to hear or walk. Going back to his cooking, he glumly realized that trying to keep Harry safe was the best he could do… whatever that meant nowadays. x It had started raining when Dudley and Vernon pulled into the driveway with Aunt Marge, a normally brusque woman who raised Australian Shepards for shows and to breed. She was very well known and very well respected in dog show circles and had the most champion dogs out of every other breeder and trainer in the region. Today, Marge had brought along her favorite dog, a blue merle Aussie named Abby—a sweetheart if ever there was one. Once in Vernon's car, the dog had settled in the backseat with her head in Dudley's lap who petted her until she started to fall asleep. "I feel absolutely terrible about this visit," Marge admitted as they got closer to her brother's house. "You shouldn't have to put me up when you and Petunia are already dealing with my poor nephew's injury. What have the doctor said? Will Harry's leg be okay?" Grateful that Dudley couldn't hear the conversation, Vernon shrugged. "They fixed his ankle and knee but even once he heals he'll need physical therapy." Catching his sister's look, Vernon frowned slightly. "We don't know if he's going to be able to walk without the crutches… or at least without some sort of support." Marge nodded thoughtfully as the rest of the car ride went by in silence. There was something about Harry she liked very much. When Vernon and Petunia had first told her that Harry would be a wizard and that a dark wizard had murdered his parents, she'd thought for sure that her brother and sister-in-law had gone mental. But Harry's godfather had come by and after much discussion and a few demonstrations from Sirius, Marge had been convinced. She was, however, still baffled that Harry couldn't be healed by magic. That seemed highly unlikely especially since Harry's parents had both possessed magical abilities The car pulled into the driveway just as the rain began to let up and once everyone and the luggage was inside, Abby shook the water off of her fur and began looking around curiously. "I've been telling her she was going to get to see Harry as well," Marge explained to Vernon who looked puzzled. "Harry is upstairs in his room," Petunia explained as she started to set the table. Turning to Dudley, she asked, "Do you mind getting him?" ' Sure,' Dudley replied, heading for the stairs after grabbing his aunt's bags. Marge smiled and waited until Dudley had started taking her things upstairs to the spare room before she looked at Petunia, Vernon, and Sirius. Recognizing sending Dudley out of the room as a need to have a private conversation., she studied the others shrewdly. "What's going on?" x Upstairs in his room, Harry had just finished his Charms homework when the lights flickered briefly—Dudley's signal that he was coming into the room. Setting his homework aside—and making sure his ink bottles were very secure, Harry looked away for a second before saying, "I'm sorry I got so upset earlier. I just hate… I hate being deaf…even partially. I hate that I'm missing a leg… and I hate that Sirius can't fix me up good as new when I get hurt. But I shouldn't have taken it out on you and I am sorry." Dudley sat down on Harry's desk chair and studied his cousin for a while. "I'm your friend, Harry. I'm your family, your friend… Whatever you need." Grinning, he stood and added, "Come on. Mum made spaghetti and meat sauce." Harry carefully inched forward and took his crutches, slowly standing after putting his prosthetic back on. Once he was up, he followed Dudley downstairs to dinner.