guessing you're going to need to change." She said looking at his jeans and wrinkled button up shirt. "I totally agree, I'm thinking a nice expensive suit. Something that says I have money and I'm not here to mooch off you. I want these people to like me, not see me as a potential money drain. If I was well off and a Brit showed up out of the blue claiming to be related to me I would think he was there to mooch. At least that's what my uptight overweight uncle would say." Harry said. "I can see that. Do you know your sizes? I can call my tailor and have him pull a few suites for you. We can go there first, it's close to the airport." She asked pulling out her phone. "I don't have a clue what size I am." Harry said. "Luckily I come repaired for everything." She said reaching into her small purse and pulling out a measuring tape. "Stand up, I'll get your measurements." She said. Harry stood and Abby started measuring. Harry was starting to like how close she was to him and he was about to tell her that when she got to his inseam Harry smirked. "Whoa there! Buy me dinner first!" He said hoping to get a blush out of her. "I gave you a sandwich and a drink. That don't count big boy?" She asked intentionally bumping his crotch with the back of her hand. "I'll say it does." He said locking eyes with her and smiling a wolfish grin. "That smile is dangerous." She said writing in her book. "The eyes only promise what my mouth can deliver Luv. I'd be happy to show you." He said with a cocky smirk. "You wish, but I make it a habit to not to have sex with my clients." She said. "Really? Then you're fired. How about now?" He asked. "You can't fire me. Only my boss can reassign me. Now sit down and behave while I make a few calls. We land in a half hour." She said patting him on the cheek as she walked by him headed to the front of the plane. As she walked away Harry sat on the couch admiring her ass and long legs, and he was sure she added a little extra swing to her hips just to mess with him. He didn't mind, in fact he kind of liked that she turned him down. It made him try harder and the reward was that much sweeter when you worked for it. He sat back in his seat a little and sipped his drink. He would be landing in America soon and he was excited. Normally when you're driven out of your home and exiled to a foreign land you would feel bitter and sad. Fearful even. But for a guy like him. Someone that never knew his parents. Never knew a loving home. Or a family, he didn't mind the move. It would give him a chance at a fresh start. That's how he was going to look at this. It's not like he was broke. He could go anywhere and live like a king if he wanted to. And he also didn't have too many ties to his 'home'. He had Hermione, his sister in everything that mattered. And Neville who always stood by him in a pinch. Tonks, his first ex and female confidant. And her parents Andy and Ted Tonks. But really that was it. The Order looked at him as a sacrificial lamb. Ron hated him for breaking up with his little sister. Ginny hated him for dumping her when she turned out to be just a crazy fan girl that only wanted his money. Old Man Dumbledore the manipulator was dead. His godfather was dead. Thinking about it all made him sad. He pushed the feelings down and shook his head. He was starting fresh. He was going to leave all his baggage behind him and make something new for himself. "Harry. Hay Harry." Abby said calling his name twice to break him out of his deep thoughts. "Yeah?" He looked up the see her standing in front of him. "If you look out the window you can see Manhattan." She said pointing out the window as they descended through the white clouds. Looking out the window Harry caught his first look at the concrete jungle. Even from up here it looked crowded. The grid work of the streets played velvet ropes separating the giant huge building that towered over each other trying to reach for the sky to get some sunlight. It was a beautiful sunny summer day and unlike London the sun was shining here. "Come on let's go sit in the seats up front, we'll be landing soon. Funny enough the airport is technically in New Jersey. It's a short car ride into the city. We'll stop at the tailor's first and then look at your apartment." She said leading him to the seat they sat in to take off. "What's the apartment like?" Harry asked. "Big. I had my assistant take a look at it and send me the stats. Six bedrooms, seven baths. It sits on the tenth floor of the building and overlooks the park. Not bad at all." She said. "I'll say, that's more room than I've ever lived in. Is the place covered in dust? It's been unused since the 70's." Harry said as they made a decent. "We had a maid service clean it. You should really think about keeping them on contract. That's a lot of space to keep clean." Abby said as they touched down and slowed to a crawl. Abby stood and walked to the door as the jet taxied into a hanger. When they came to a full stop she opened the door and waved her hand. "Welcome to America." She said with an excited smile. "Thank you Abby." Harry said sincerely.