society, the debate becomes increasingly relevant. Many will argue that muggles are human, muggles are equal to us, and therefore should be treated as such, and allowed into our world with their magical children, their culture with them. Plenty dislike this movement, believing that though the culture is not in itself damaging, it can be much like a weed that may at first seem beautiful, yet goes on to strangle the garden's native plants. Some, like myself, argue that there should be limits on muggle integration; the world wars that have taken place in their communities have proven to us that they are just as dangerous, if not more so, than when we last interacted with them, and their response then was to attempt to burn us, to hang us, to drown us. While we are becoming more lenient, the muggle world is becoming more intolerant, and that is why we should take caution. "Politics is the rights of Dark and Light magic users. Does Dark magic alone need legal restrictions, or does Light magic also pose a danger to society? Is either one inherently morally wrong, or do we need a balance for the magical community to function? "These debates are my personal role in politics, and they could be yours too. But it leads us simply onto an element of politics that affects us all; democracy. Democracy is a valued part of the new age of wizarding politics. Magical people crave it, as a desert craves water. We all want a say, and this is something that we must fight for. But by introducing education in politics, we are one step further to a democratic society. Currently, we may only vote for who governs us in special circumstances. But you students, are the embodiment of this movement; you are the future of democracy. And education is essential to effective democracy. "I urge you to consider these things, and I urge you to excel in your studies for the sake of your community. Thank you for listening." As Lord Potter stepped back from the podium, he stood tall and proud in the powerful applause. The candles intensified his burning eyes, and almost as if the very flame were being absorbed by his presence, the candle closest to him reached its end and died. The candles at Hogwarts were always aflame, but the Dark Lord's energy seemed to be draining them, as many were much shorter than they would usually become. Once the students began murmuring to each other, and filing out of the hall, Malfoy muttered: "Pathetic excuse of a Dark Lord if you ask me." And yet, Tom thought, not one to be underestimated . The sun lit up a cool blue sky the following morning, and Harry was being treated with a tour of the castle before he returned to his followers. Headmaster Dippet was very enthusiastic about Harry's speech the day before, and was keen to invite him back whenever he fancied it. "Everybody is welcome at Hogwarts, of course," the man rambled on, with as much energy as he had the previous day. "And you are certainly no exception to this. The building has a warm soul, and it seems to like you here; rather a fan of strong magical cores, I should think. The founders were incredibly gifted, and had a great amount of strength, so its preference no doubt derives from there." Harry had been shown the grounds, been told a short history of the forest and the lake. He had gotten a view of the admittedly impressive Quidditch grounds. They had explored the dungeons, and struggled through the overbearing enthusiasm of the potions master, Professor Slughorn. Not long before lunch, they were heading towards the more central classrooms. "So why, exactly," Harry interrupted one of Dippet's digressions, "do the stairs move? It's a wonderful part of the school, but doesn't it make getting to lessons rather confusing for the students?" "Why yes!" Dippet chuckled happily. "It does indeed; it is terribly good fun watching the First Years get their heads round it in the first few weeks. We all get used to it though, it's merely one of the delightful quirks of Hogwarts." A momentary silence fell as they approached one of the classroom doors. It was opened ajar, and in it, the two men could see Professor Dumbledore wandering around the room instructing individual Seventh Year students on the transfiguration of a pig into a donkey. The desks had been pushed to line the walls, as it was understandably an incredibly space-consuming task. The Professor was too involved to notice the visitors, so Dippet explained. "This is a NEWT level Transfiguration class, as I'm sure you can see. They've been working incredibly hard; it's a tough year for the students. Oh! And we have our resident prodigy in this very room. Tom Marvolo Riddle, you see over there, lazily turning that poor animal back and forth into a donkey and a pig." The man chuckled again. "Cocky lad at times, but never without justification. He's set to get Outstanding in all of his subjects. Possibly the best student we've ever had!" Harry could see why the Headmaster was so enthusiastic, but the man obviously had no affinity for magical auras. Tom Riddle was powerful, that much was true, but it was being carefully controlled. Everything about the boy seemed to be controlled, to Harry, but despite this, there was still a very subtle indication of who he really was. The model student in appearance, Harry was sure, but he could sense a sickly Dark undertone to his magic. Masterfully hidden though. It was very possible that the only teacher in the whole school who may have sensed what Harry could now sense, was Professor Dumbledore; and he had certainly sensed it, if the occasional suspicious glances were anything to go by. A powerful, powerful boy. Harry wondered if he'd be able to recruit him into his followers when he left Hogwarts.