reflex for appearing out of nowhere. I was only slightly disappointed when he did not, but continued with my original plan. "Excuse me sir," I said with a rough scratchy voice from a year of misuse as I stopped in front of him, "Would you please kill me, sir?" "What?" The man asked, with a tone of hidden shock in his voice. "I said, would you please end my wretched and miserable life." I repeated to him. In my impatience to die, I walked up to him, almost touching, and exposed my bare neck for him. It was an invitation to tear out the vital blood and air passageways inside of it. "Who are you and why do you want to die?" The stranger demanded from me. "I am Freak," I responded, "I want to die so I can escape life. I want to purge my freakishness from this world." The man paused for a moment, and I thought in glee that he was going to hurry up and kill me, but was again disappointed when he didn't. Instead he just asked very slowly as if he was scared I would run away, "What is this 'freakishness' that you are talking about?" I decided to just demonstrate it for him, because maybe then he would hurry up and kill me. I pulled on the freakishness inside of me and created a knife out of thin air. "That freakishness," I said while handing the knife to him hilt first. On slight consideration, I squeezed the part of the blade I was holding so that the metal sunk halfway into my flesh. Ah, pain certainly made him a little less impatient to die. "Child, that is not freakishness, it is magic," He snatched the knife from my fingers, "And watch yourself around knives or you'll hurt yourself like you just did." I almost laughed at that, "I am not a child, I am a freak, and I squeezed the knife because I was trying to hurt myself. What part of 'I want to die' do you not understand?" "Why don't you just kill yourself then?" The man had asked. "Because whenever I try, my freakishness gets in the way. It's certainly not from lack of trying. For instance, I haven't drank or eaten since around 8 months ago." I retorted spitefully. The man paused for a second time, this time for a longer duration, as if he were pondering something. He then said, "Child, I can kill you if you wish, but you must do something for me first" "Anything," I said instantly. "See, I am a powerful dark wizard that was… set back because of a prophecy if you will, so I am currently possessing the body of a human. What I want is for you to give me your 'freakishness' as you call it, but I call it magic." The man explained. I practically shoved my freakishness at him full force, "Take it. Kill me." I was desperate at this point. Vocabulary and complex language drowned out by the need to just die die die. Then I felt something from the man. Something that moved inside of him. Something that felt much like his own freakishness, but different. Oh how it was different. It was like feeling the darkness of the night wash over my soul and tell it to go to sleep under the darkness of the new moon. I almost moaned when that spectacular power touched my own freakishness. It was like the softest most reverent of caresses. There was something almost familiar about it. Something that completely escaped his memory but lingered somewhere in his subconscious. It reminded him of the unforgettable, beautiful song of death. "Please," I murmured, as anything louder would be a crime against the radiating beauty and power from this energy, "Kill me." "In another life you could have become a great follower to my cause," The man mused aloud, eyes seemingly glazed over as if he also felt the magical beauty of this energy. Or maybe, I thought daringly, He thinks that my freakishness- no he called it magic- is something beautiful. "Or maybe something else," The man almost looked trance-like as he leaned in and put his lips on mine. It was only a soft, ever soft touch of the mouth and yet it seemed to trigger some sort of mesmerising effect on me. I almost didn't notice when the man continued, "What a shame." He began to pull on my frea- no it was magic- and I could feel it as it moved out of my body, rushing like a waterfall out of my body and into his. I could also feel, to my joy and wonder, the life leaving me. My body and magic finally stopping in its struggle to anchor me to the living world. "My name is Lord Voldemort, and I will relieve you of your burden." The newly named man said calmly as I could see the effects of the magic rushing into him. His body changed into something younger, more aristocratic looking, with pale skin and dark hair and wonderful glowing red eyes. "My name is Freak, and I am eternally thankful to you for allowing me to die," And then I could speak no longer as my body and soul could finally rest in peace. Those were my final words, and Voldemort remained for moments after them thinking of what could drive a child to this obsession of death. Only minutes after the death of the child who was a freak, the child who wanted to die, an owl came. It landed right on top of the corpse and dropped the letter there, where it would never be read by the owner. Out of curiosity, Voldemort picked up and opened the letter to see who had sent the suicidal boy a letter. The first line of the letter read: Dear Harry Potter, You have been formally accepted to Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry.