shook his head. "None of that, Dobby. You own nobody nothing. What I did is something any decent human being would've done. Now that you are free, you can do whatever you want." Dobby scratched the back of his head. "Dobby has nowhere to go, Harry Potter, sir." Harry raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?" "House elves be living with their masters in their houses. When a house elf is freed they are no longer allowed to the house. A free house elf is very rare as house elves usually dies serving their masters, only to be replaced if the masters can afford them. A house elf also be needing their masters magic to survive. Dobby be surviving for a few weeks without master, but Dobby doubts he will found one if how I bes free gets out." Harry's eye widened and he looked at Dobby in sorrow. "I'm so sorry Dobby. I didn't know that. How can I help?" Dobby looked bashfully at the floor and he grasped at his big, floppy ears. "Dobby bes willing to become Harry Potter's house elf," he murmured. Harry looked at Dobby in shock. "I'll gladly do it, Dobby. But there are a few issues with that. First and foremost, I can't really maintain another living being. I'm sure you need food and water and that takes me to the other issue, I spend the summer holidays with my… muggle relatives… and they abhor anything magical. You cannot use magic around muggles so won't be able to defend yourself should they find out about you." Dobby shook his head rapidly, his ears smacking his forehead and the back of his head in a comical display. "House elves only be needing their master's magic to survive, nothing more. And Dobby can hide really well so Harry Potter's evil walruses and mare relatives bes not able to find Dobby if Dobby be not wanting it. All Harry Potter needs to provide for Dobby be his magic, a servitude contract and a place to stay." Harry nodded slowly, feeling glad that there was a possibility he could help Dobby out. "A servitude contract." "A spoken contract that be determining the terms of servitude that tie wizard and elf magically," said Dobby to explain. "Oh," replied Harry with an eloquent nod. "Alright then. Let's do it immediately. I don't want you to be at more risk of dying than you should. Hmm, let's see. What do you think about working five and half days a week, with one and a half days of rest each week and a salary of sixty galleons a month?" Dobby's horrified expression made Harry blanch. "Of course not! Dobby asks for seven full days of work, one galleon a month for salary, a rocking chair to sleep and a blanket for cold days!" Harry twitched and he furrowed his brow. "Six days of work per week, forty galleons a month and you'll get the closet of my room, a mattress and a blanket." Dobby glared at Harry and crossed his arms defiantly. "Seven days of work, five galleons a month and just the closet and a blanket." Harry deadpanned. "Alright, seven days of work, you'll get enough money to buy clothes and anything you want or I deem you deserve or have earned it, the closet, a mattress, a pillow and a blanket. That is my final offer." Horry grasped his chin and thought about it for a second before he nodded and extended his hand towards Harry. "Dobby bes lenient just because it bes with the great Harry Potter that Dobby is making a contract with," he said in resignation. Harry smiled. "I'm glad we found common ground to stand on, Dobby," he said with amusement and he grasped Dobby's hand. There was a tingle going through his body and Harry felt his magic going into Dobby and Dobby's magic going into him. Dobby smiled in excitement, glad that he had conveniently forgotten that he could've always bonded himself with Hogwarts' magic and serve the castle and the Headmaster. Dobby, however, was not about to leave Harry Potter out of his sight after he had witnessed how he was treated by Vernon, Petunia and Dudley. The moment he had realized that Harry Potter had freed him from Lucius, Dobby had made a promise: No one shall harm Harry Potter. No. One. And that was how Harry Potter acquired a house elf, but more importantly, one of the most loyal friends he will ever have. And thus, Harry Potter's journey begins. This is not 'The BadAss Writer' uploading the story but rather guy behind the character. I want to prove everyone that I can write a 'serious' story and still keep TBW's flare for lemons, humor and everything that make his stories, his. Sorry for the inconvinience. I'm sure the begging and premise of this story is cliché, however, I have not seen a completed story (or a good one) in which this is explored in depth, which is my aim. I will be focusing mainly on relationships, magical theory and its many applications and when the time comes in the war against Voldemort, which is going to be shorter, but no less gritty. This story will end around sixth years. The planned main pairing for this story is Harry/Hermione/Susan/Daphne/Fleur/Tonks with Luna/Astoria/Gabrielle, Neville/Hannah, Ron/Lavender, Remus/Hestia and Sirius/Amelia as side pairings. I cannot, however, predict how the story will develop other than the main plotlines and points which are already defined and set in stone. There will be lemons, but, they shall only appear after the third year. Am I missing something? I don't think so. If I did I will address it in the next chapter, which is going to be published next Sunday or Monday. I will do my utmost best to stick to weekly updates but I'm not making any promises. Flames will be ignored. Constructive criticism and praise to my superiority is very much welcomed. 'Till next time.