is a localised disturbance in the fabric of the world, a fracture of causality itself," said Snape, apparently thinking this was enough explanation. And that was exactly why Harry usually brought Hermione. "So why is it called a time sphere, then? Sir ?" "Because time does not flow inside it," said Snape. "Without time, there is no causality. Nothing inside the sphere can cause effects outside the sphere. That's why we put an illusion of the Dark Lord's head on top of it, or we wouldn't even be able to find it." It really was a bit like those Russian dolls that Ginny was so fond of, Harry thought. "And you put Voldemort's head inside it because –" "Because Lord Voldemort's sickness has consequences," said Dumbledore, and his voice sounded thin and sick. "And we needed to halt them." There was an ominous pause. Harry didn't really want to appear too stupid, but between these two, he felt like someone was giving him a lecture on metaphysics in the middle of a Quidditch game. While it was raining. "What consequences?" he asked. "First things first," said Dumbledore. "Harry, I am old. And I am dying." "What?" said Harry, taken aback. "You mean, now?" In his head, it had sounded more compassionate. "Sit and listen, you petulant child." That, of course, was Snape. "No, not now," said Dumbledore. "In about an hour. It is a long story," he added, gesturing towards his black and shrunken right hand, "and I'm afraid we don't have enough time to do it justice." "But sir –" " Silence ." "That will be enough, Severus," said Dumbledore sharply. "Harry, I am going to die, and when I go, so will that time sphere. And when the time sphere blinks out of existence, Lord Voldemort's sickness will start having consequences again." He looked up at Harry, who felt as if he ought to say something. But Snape was still glowering at him. "We talked about Lord Voldemort's soul," said Dumbledore, "And the terrible deeds he committed to tear it apart. So you know he can't truly die unless – " "Unless I destroy the Horcruxes. I remember," said Harry. He didn't add that he was itching to do exactly this. Dumbledore sighed, a long, sad, defeated sigh. "I had a plan, you know," he said. He turned his head towards the window, a long sorrowful glance down on the courtyard, where even now a group of rotting first years were shuffling in circles. "But best," he said, stumbling over his words, "best not to dwell on this. Because you don't have much time." The way Harry saw it, he had nothing but time. He certainly couldn't see anything else in this dying world to be spending his time on. After some deliberation, he expressed this opinion. "No, Harry, you don't," Dumbledore said. "You weren't supposed to know until the end, but –" he paused, a cough rattling his skinny old chest, "but too late for that. Harry, you are the seventh Horcrux." There was nothing Harry could say to this except "I am the what ." "It means," interjected Snape helpfully and with a certain amount of glee, "that a piece of Lord Voldemort's soul has attached itself to you." There was nothing Harry could say to this except "… Ew." "It's why you speak Parseltongue," said Dumbledore. "And why you had such unique insight into his thoughts. And I am so, so sorry, Harry, it's why you are infected, and it's why that infection will start spreading again when the time sphere collapses." Holy shit , thought Harry. They, Dumbledore and Snape, had been sitting on that knowledge for weeks and only just now thought to tell him? "Can you make another time sphere?" he demanded of Snape. The man shrugged indifferently. "Professor Dumbledore's abilities far surpass my own." "I see," said Harry, and turned towards Dumbledore. "Can Professor McGonagall make another time sphere?" "I'm afraid you, like me, are beyond help," said Dumbledore. "By our estimation, you have about six days until you turn – " "That's more than a day per Horcrux – " said Snape helpfully. "So best gather your friends and go," said Dumbledore. "Don't wait up for me. It is that important." Harry thought he really needed a quiet moment to think all this through, but apparently, he wasn't getting one. "So what are you going to do?" he asked Snape. It was Dumbledore who answered. "I asked Severus to protect the school," he said. "Yeah, well," said Harry. "Good job so far." He turned away without another word. In the end, it wasn't so bad, thought Harry a few days later as he conjured up the protective spells around their tent. Of course, Ron and Hermione and he had always been a good team. Finding Dudley Dursley alive had been a bit of a surprise, but the additional muscle and violent disposition wasn't unwelcome against the zombies. Hermione was in a pensive mood these days. "You still think he did it on purpose?" she said, coming up next to him, as he was putting the final touches on the shield charm. "Because I'm starting to think he did." "Who?" said Harry. "Voldemort," said Hermione. "You know. He must have known about the link between you. Infecting you like this has got to be one of the only ways to get past your mother's protection." They watched as, on the other side of the shield charm, a flock of zombie muggles were gutting a dead Rottweiler. "You think he let the world burn," said Harry slowly, "just to get to me a month earlier than he would have anyway?" That explanation was strangely fitting, he thought. On the surface, it looked like terrible impatience. But if they let only one Horcrux live, then, in time, Voldemort would rise to rule again. And no-one would be in his way. He looked at Hermione, who shrugged. "It was just a thought," she said.