appeared—his hand adorned with golden cuffs, his chest bare, and his feet weirdly stuck together in a dusty cloud that was still partly attached to the oil lamp. He cackled upon seeing their confused and desperate faces, but in the end, he introduced himself in a gentlemanly way and informed them about the tale that whoever rubbed on the lamp would be granted three wishes. Kingsley and Amara were both fascinated by the Genie and only half-heartedly listened to the warnings and restrictions he uttered, including the fact that one had to be careful by how they phrased their wishes; a lot of them could backfire. .x.X.x. They didn't listen to the Genie, though they really should have—it would have spared them the consequences of a lifelong misery. The first wish, intended to bring hope and happiness, started it all. "I wish for a way to marry Amara without my father's blessing," Kingsley said and the Genie snapped his fingers—the wish was granted. The following evening, the couple visited Mr. Shacklebolt, only to find him lying on the living room floor, his throat sliced open by a broken bottle of whiskey, a pool of blood around him, and his eyes shallow and haunted. Amara screamed upon seeing the old man like that and buried her head in Kingsley's shoulder; sobbing and crying uncontrollably for they knew very well that their wish had cost him his life. The cruelty of the sight was forever burned into Kingsley's mind, and they both swore to never utter a single wish again, too afraid of what might happen. .x.X.x. Years later, on the battlefield, Kingsley—sweaty, dirty, and exhausted—found himself breaking that vow as his Auror partner and wife of many years bled to death in his arms, "P-Promise to fight," Amara whispered as the life energy slowly vanished from her blue eyes. "P-Promise to help them win this war." It was the first time ever since his mother had died that Kingsley allowed himself to cry. As he watched Amara getting weaker and weaker, a sudden and equally tempting, forbidden thought crossed his mind. His mind screamed at him not to do it, but his heart was stronger, and with a flick of his wand, he summoned the old oil lamp that was hidden in the darkest corner of their house. He'd sacrifice his own life in order to save Amara. Without hesitation, he voiced his second wish. "I wish for Amara to live." This time around, the Genie's eyes sparkled dangerously as he cackled, "Thank you, Master, for breaking the rules." With a snap of his fingers, the golden chains around his wrists opened and wrapped around Amara's within seconds. "She'll live, but not the way you probably hoped for." This said, the Genie vanished in thin air, and before Kingsley got the chance to draw his wand, Amara was sucked into the oil lamp—forced to take the Genie's place and continue her life in his lamp. Kingsley felt his heart shatter. He broke down on his knees and clutched the lamp that contained the love of his life tightly to his chest, crying until there were no more tears left to shed. .x.X.x. Over the years, Kingsley had tried every single spell on the lamp, but they all failed. Nothing could make his wish undone, and his love was still trapped. At times, when the sorrow and loneliness threatened to suffocate him, he was tempted to rub on the lamp just so he could see Amara again. But then his common sense kicked in and pushed the thought away; once the third wish was granted, the bottle—and the Genie—would vanish to an unknown place. That's what he had figured out, and he couldn't risk losing the only thing he had left of her. So he continued his life, the oil lamp always in a pocket of his robe, no matter where he was going. Amara was with him when he heard about the Potters' deaths, when they fought in the Department of Mysteries, during the final battle of Hogwarts; and the oil lamp was with him during his years as Minister of Magic—the lamp constantly reminding him of his own failure and selfishness. .x.X.x. And now, here he is, staring once again at the lamp that turned his dreams of a wonderful future into a nightmare of never-ending loneliness. He thinks about all the people that thanked him for his duties during the war, and that "... without you, we'd never have won this." They all think he is sad about being succeeded by Hermione, but deep down, he knows that he has been waiting for too long for this to happen. He remembers Hermione, concern in her eyes, standing in the door frame only a couple of minutes earlier. " What will happen to you now, Kingsley?" she asked. "Now that everything has come to an end?" Kingsley had indeed been thinking about that for quite some time before a sudden thought had hit him. "I fought," he told her, brushing the lamp in his robe. "Now, the only thing I want is to see my wife again." This thought in his mind, he rubs the oil lamp with shaky hands, and his heart skips a beat when Amara—dressed in an oriental Genie outfit—emerges from the lamp. "Kingsley," she says, love and pain alike in her voice. He smiles faintly; a tear rolling down his cheek upon seeing her again after what felt like an eternity. "You know what I wish for?" "I do," she says, blue eyes twinkling knowingly. "But is this really what you want?" He smiles softly; she has always known what he was thinking. "There is nothing I wish more than to be with you again, my love." A tear rolls down Amara's cheek as she flicks her hand. The room fills with glittering smoke, and as it encircles Kingsley, he feels how they both get sucked back into the Genie's lamp—trapped forever, but united at last.