dosed with some kind of compulsion and loyalty potions. "Now, onto the subject of your seats on the Wizengamot, you will be an emancipated minor by the time the first meeting of the Hogwarts year is held. It is then you will need to claim every seat you have managed to grasp, and use your newfound influence to your best ability. I would suggest you attempt to get Fudge booted for bribery or something to that extent; the new Minister of Magic will most likely fall to either Amelia Bones or Rufus Scrimgeour. The better option with be Amelia, hands down, but this is where you might have to throw your pockets around to get what you want because this is a vital part of taking down Voldemort, understand?" Harry nods yet again, absorbing all of the information being fed to him. "Your godfather will be cleared as long as you manage to grab Pettigrew when you enter the graveyard at the end of the tournament; any other method of clearing Sirius' name probably won't work as long as Fudge is in office. Now, the first thing you do when you go back is speak with the Goblins, and inform them of the infractions that Dumbledore has taken against you, which should annul his magical guardianship of you; when your parents died, Sirius, Alice, and Frank Longbottom were the only ones named to take care of you, and under no circumstances were you ever to go to the Dursley's. So, if you suggest that Madam Longbottom take care of you until the time of the TriWizard Tournament when you truly get emancipated, I doubt that she would have an issue with it. That way, you'll have a magical guardian that won't prevent you from doing the things that need to be done, and you could help young Neville with his confidence issues." "Another thought, is taking Hermione to Gringotts for an inheritance check, and I'm expecting you to inform her of pureblood etiquette, whether she likes it or not; that way, she can respond in kind to those who refer to her as a mudblood." Lily responded, quietly interrupting Emrys. A thoughtful look came over his face before he nodded his consent, "Very good idea indeed, Mrs. Potter." "Alright; after all of those things are taken care of, you will take over. It will be your hidden responsibilty to take care of our wizarding world, so don't fuck it up." Harry stared, mouth agape as mild amusement filled his body while Emrys stood from his spot at the square table, heading towards the corner of the bland, square room and grabbing his staff. "The last thing I shall do for you is destroy the remaining fragments of Tom's horcrux in your forehead, but before that, it is time you heard the prophecy that lead to this very moment," Harry's eyes widened in shock as Emrys' eyes began to glow a brilliant golden light, and his voice, low and raspy, began to outpour the words of a prophecy that stole Harry's life. " The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies... " The light in the room died away, and Emrys looked sympathetically at Harry's tear filled eyes, "That prophecy was told by Sybil Trelawney and was heard by Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore. The prophecy was predicted to be either about you or Neville Longbottom; Tom decided that you were the bigger threat. This is the reason why this war has been nothing more than an ongoing mess; this is why your death is so important to Voldemort." Lily rubbed Harry's back as James tousled his hair while he cried silently for what could have been. "Harry," James spoke softly, gripping the sides of his son face gently, cinnamon brown clashing with emerald green, "son, your mother and I love you. The moment Voldemort found us, I knew what my destiny was; protect my son even if it meant losing my life. I know you feel guilty about the people that are going to be willing to die for you in this war, but son, they're willing to die. In war, there are always casualties, great and small; I can go ahead and tell you that you're going to experience some tough times. However, I never want you to think that your mother and I regret what we did for you, or that there is a single moment that we are not proud of the man you have become." "Harry," Lily smiled, grabbing her sons hand and bringing it to her lips, kissing it softly, "there is never a moment that we're not with you when you are on this journey. As long as you have us in your heart, we will always be in your mind. I hope you enjoyed this time with us as much as we've enjoyed spending time with you, but now we have leave each other. We'll always love you, Harry; now and forever." "Hadrian James Potter, are you ready to leave us to fulfill your duty to our magical domain?" Emrys' voice was deep and steady as he stared deeply into Harry's eyes, their magic brushing against each other as Harry lowered his mental shields, allowing Emrys to work his ancient magic. "When I do this, Hadrian, you will wake up on the day of your fourteenth birthday; I expect you to immediately report to Gringotts, alright?" Harry nodded determinedly before closing his eyes and welcoming the scorching hot pain and screams of Voldemorts soul remnant. And then there was darkness.