test the champions in many different ways…their magical prowess – their daring – their powers of deduction – and, of course, their ability to cope with danger." "As you know, three champions compete in the tournament," continued Dumbledore. "one from each of the participating schools. They will be marked based on how well they perform each task and the winner of the Triwizard Cup will be announced at the end of the third task. The champions will be chosen by an impartial selector: the Goblet of Fire." Dumbledore took his wand out and tapped it on the lid of the chest, which slowly opened to present a large wooden cup that had blue and white flames dancing within. The goblet was carefully placed on top of the closed chest, where it was visible for everyone in the Hall to see. "Anyone wishing to submit themselves as champion must write their name and school clearly upon a slip of parchment and drop it into the goblet," said Dumbledore. "Aspiring champions have twenty-four hours in which to put their names forward. Tomorrow night, on Halloween, the goblet will return the names of the three it has judged most worthy to represent their schools. This goblet will remain here, where it will be freely accessible to all those wishing to compete." "To ensure that no underage student yields to temptation," said Dumbledore with a twinkle in his eyes, as he looked around at the various Hogwarts students (his eyes lingered on the Weasley twins), "I will be drawing an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it has been placed in the entrance hall. Nobody under the age of twenty will be able to cross this line." "I must warn all that wish to compete; this tournament is not to be taken lightly. Once selected by the Goblet of Fire, you are obliged to see the tournament through to the end, as selection constitutes a binding, magical contract. Once you become a champion, you remain a champion. Therefore, please be certain that you are willing to participate in the tournament. Now, I think it is time for bed. Good night to you all." There was a large scraping of benches as everyone in the Hall got up and prepared to leave. Fleur turned to follow the rest of the delegation towards the entrance hall, many of whom were whispering excitedly about the possibility of being selected. "I'd love to be selected," murmured Marie, her eyes gleaming. "The opportunity of a lifetime! When do you think Madame Maxime will let us enter?" "She'll take us there tomorrow morning I bet," replied Fleur. "I wonder if anyone from Hogwarts that's not of age is going to try to enter, though." "I'll bet you there will be," remarked Alexandra. "If I was underage I'd probably try and enter too," The group continued to move toward the entrance before stopping. "What's the holdup?" Marie said annoyingly, trying to look over the heads of the students in front. "Yeah, why aren't we moving?" "Did something happen?" Fleur made her way to the front of the delegation to see that Professor Karkaroff was leading the Durmstrang students to the entrance hall but had stopped to look at someone. Fleur followed his frozen gaze to see that he was looking at none other than Harry Potter, who gazed back at Karkaroff, seemingly unaffected. "Yeah, that's Harry Potter," said a growling voice. Karkaroff (and many students around) spun around. Fleur turned to see perhaps the weirdest man she had ever met. The man had a face that looked as if it had been carved by weathered wood, with almost every inch of skin seeming to be scarred. The mouth looked like a diagonal gash, and a large chunk of his nose was missing. But Fleur noticed his eyes first. One of them was small, dark, and beady. The other seemed to be in a socket and was large and perfectly round, with a vivid blue color. It seemed to be rolling carelessly, without blinking, quite independently of the normal eye. Fleur had never seen anyone quite like him. Apparently, Karkaroff had seen the man before though, for the color drained from his face and he raised his finger to point at him. "You!" he shouted, staring at the man as if he was unsure of who he really was. "Me," the man responded. "And unless you've got something to say to Potter, Karkaroff, you might want. You're blocking the doorway." Fleur looked around to see that nearly half the students in the Hall were waiting, peering over each other's shoulders to see why the line was not moving. Karkaroff glared at the man for a little bit longer before sweeping his students away with him. Once they were all gone, she intended to let Harry and his friends through as they had been waiting for longer than them, but Harry made a motion with his hands and smiled at her, saying, "After you." "Thank you," Fleur said, smiling brightly at Harry before leading the Beauxbatons delegation through the entrance hall and down the steps onto the front lawn towards the carriage. She moved quickly enough that Harry did not see the slight blush that crossed Fleur's face. As the Beauxbatons students arrived at the carriage, they entered and found their respective rooms, chatting amongst themselves and preparing to go to bed for the night. Later that night while Marie was sound asleep in the bed next to her, Fleur was still thinking about her interactions with Harry Potter. He seemed unaffected by her Veela allure, a stark contrast from many of the other boys she had met in her life. Not only that, but he was rather attractive himself, with a rugged presence and those piercing emerald colored eyes. Yes, Fleur smiled to herself as she shifted, preparing to sleep, there was something about that Harry Potter boy that she wanted to learn more about. Definitely something to think about.