I am not wearing a suit." "Okay, whatever you say." Erik answered, trying to hold a smile back. "Anyway thanks for doing this. I guess we'll see you at Hogwarts, then?" "Oh you go there cool; yes I will attend there too. My dad just need to sort the formalities with the headmaster." Erik said as he unwrapped the candy. It was half lime green, half green. "Okay, when you don't see us," Alex started, "Eat the antidote which is the lime green part." Erik nodded, "well see you," he said and walked towards the scarlet robed man's open cubicle while eating the green part of the candy, and seconds later, Erik began to heave. "Help me, "he said in a weak voice, "I don´t feel so well w-where is m-my dad?" "Whoa there, son, are you alright?" the ponytailed Auror asked, dropping his feet to the floor, "No I feel strange, in fact I f-feel t-terrible." Erik heaved again and this time he vomited all over the man who jumped up yelping, gaining the other Aurors' attention. But that wasn't what was horrible. What was horrible was that Erik continued to vomit, moan and calling out for help making more and more Auroras to gather around him and ask questions. Alex was a bit impressed at how good Erik acted. "Is he alright?" "What the bloody hell is going on?" "Oi! What is that horrible noise?" "What's wrong with him?" When nearly every Auror in the office was there trying to figure out what was happening, Alex and Blaise made their move, moving quickly past the large grope and towards the door at the back of the room. Every office they went by was empty. Finally they reached the door went through it and stepped in a new hallway. It was a long hallway that continued in both directions. "Okay let us go, we need to turn left." The boys rushed down the corridor seeing many different doors, until they reached the end. Where was a door with the sign "Personal Information Department." Alex stopped up for a moment this was it, after today he would know if his mother had lied to him. "Are you ready?" Alex looked at Blaise and nodded, "yeah I am." He said and grabbed the handle and pulled, but the door was locked. "Weird, why are they closed?" Alex asked, lowering his right arm so that his wand could fall into his hand. He then raised his wand but Blaise pulled down his arm, "What are you doing?" "Opening the door." "With magic, come on Alex surely they have protections against this." Alex looked at the door, "No, I don´t think so. I mean they have this guarded by aurrors." Alex raised his wand again. "But if I am wrong the get ready to run okay?" He pointed his wand at the door and said, "Alohamora." And with a click the door opened. "Are you coming?" Alex asked Blaise, who had his eyes closed he opened them and nodded. "Well then, come on," Alex said, leading his friend into a large oval office that had two doors. The office itself looked pretty normal, there was some tables with chairs in the room, where the aurors and others could sit when the where reading a file. On the walls there some self, Alex noticed that one hold a folder that said animagus forms. "Where to?" Blaise asked as the door closed behind them. Alex walked further inside further inside; the doors at his side had signs that said, "Criminal Records, and Charges," the other said, "Ordinary Witches and Wizards Records and wand indification." "We need to get the one in the left." "Yeah I don´t think we will see something in at Criminal Records unless it hold the things you did in school then you have a section." "Ha ha you are very funny." Alex said and together with Blaise he walked through the room, and though the door. The room, the two boys stepped into was one of the biggest rooms they have ever seen filled with many and many filing cabinets, each with four drawers. "Where do we begin?" Blaise asked, eyeing all the cabinets. "That depends on how they have organized this." Alex said over to the first Cabinet with Aa written on it. "They're in alphabetical order," he said, showing Blaise by pointing to the Aa. "We should find my file in Bo," he said, starting to walk down an aisle. "And why are we looking for your file again?" Blaise asked, following his friend. "Cause you never really told me why." "I have learned that the man I thought was my dad might not be." Alex said, walking past Be, Bi, "There are so many different kind of names," he murmured. "So it will be in your file? But wait do you know who you real dad might be" Blaise asked. Alex nodded, "I have an idea yes." "Well do you plan to tell me?" "Not until I know I'm sure," Alex answered as he reached Bo, "then I can tell you whatever I been right or wrong." "So, here we are," Blaise, said as the two looked at the cabinets. "Not quite," Alex said, walking down the aisle a little more, and then stopped at Bon. He kneeled down, opening the third cabinet, second from the floor, and began to sift through the files, not finding what he was looking for. "What the bloody hell..." "What is it?" Blaise asked, walking over to his friend. "What's wrong?" "My file," Alex said, looking through the files once more, then one more time again, then looked up to Blaise. "It's not here!" "Wait, that can´t be." Alex looked up, "it can I am sure and I have double and tripled checked it." … Chapter end Will that was that chapter please leave an review of what you think and add my story to you favorite list if you like it.