'I want you to watch,' Rose cut in, siding her hand back under her boxers, her eyes on Scorpius' face and her lips parted. She licked them quickly then slid her fingers back into her folds. 'Gods,' she said, sounding in awe, 'I'm so wet.' Scorpius could see the outline of her hand slowly drawing circles around her clearly dripping opening, before she drew her fingers up to her needy clit. 'Merlin my clit's so sensitive. See what you do to me? Look at how wet I am for you.' Rose's voice was like honey. She closed her eyes and sped up the movements on her clit, her fingers working rhythmically. Scorpius wanted nothing more than to slide his own hand under the boxers she wore, to feel how soaked Rose was and to make her scream as he touched her clit. He wanted those boxers off so he could see her fully. He wanted her top off so her could see her breasts and her hard nipples. He wanted to see her stomach convulse and her back arch as he pleasured her. But Scorpius was not a bad man, and Rose had been spiked with a lust potion, so though he had no doubt that she wanted him now, he still had no clue if she'd planned on ever acting on it or if her sudden confession was triggered only by the lust potion. He couldn't take for Rose to feel used by him come tomorrow morning. So he settled for her cheek against his cock and the sight of her hand under the dark green boxers, now wet with her juice, as she touched herself for him. 'I want to look at you.' Rose said suddenly. She removed her hand and crawled back up to the head of the bed before sliding her hand back into her pants. Her legs were splayed apart, knees bent, back slouched against the pillows, face looking at Scorpius cock and the tense lines of his neck and jaw, his lips and his grey eyes and the broadness of his shoulders. 'Can you touch yourself for me please. I want to see your hands on your cock while you look at me.' Rose relished in the way Scorpius' eyes darkened and the nervous lick of his lips when she talked to him. 'Please,' she continued when Scorpius made no move. Scorpius groaned and slid one hand into his boxers, hissing as his hand wrapped around his cock. He couldn't remember ever being this hard; he was throbbing at the sight of Rose like this. He began to stroke himself slowly. Dry, calculating strokes up and down his cock, not bringing his hand far up enough to slide over his sensitive head. He wanted to make this last. Rose groaned. 'Are you really hard for me Scorpius?' she asked, her hand picking up its pace on her swollen clit. Scorpius mentally scoffed, Rose had no clue how hard he was in this moment; he was positively pulsing for her. 'Do you like looking at me touching myself? Huh?' Roses voice was downright seduction as she coaxed him; breathy and teasing. Scorpius nodded, watching her fast working fingers avidly. Suddenly Rose stopped touching herself. She slid scorpius boxers down her legs so they sat between her ankles, seconds from being kicked off. 'Do you wanna see my pussy Scorpius?' Rose's knees were raised and together hiding herself from him, and the boxers at her ankles kept him from seeing her wet lips under her closed thighs. 'Rose.' Scorpius' hand never ceased working on his cock. 'Say it.' They locked eyes. 'Rose can you spread your legs for me. Please. I want to see you.' 'What do you want to see?' Rose said, as she slid the boxers off her feet slowly. 'I want to see how wet you are for me,' Scorpius replied, voice husky, eyes trained on the boxers that hid her from his sight. Rose let out a whimper at his words and opened her legs back up, boxers discarded. She watched Scorpius' face carefully and felt a surge of wetness at the way his lips fell open and his eyes focused so intently on her; wet and pink and swollen for him. Rose slid her hand down and opened her fingers up, spreading her lips for him. Her opening; dripping, revealed. Scorpius started wanking faster, while Rose slid her other hand down to her clit an began toying with it in hard circles. Scorpius watched as she removed the hand holding herself open and began to work at her clit in ernest. 'Are you going to cum with me Scorpius?' Rose managed to gasp out, while in throws of intense pleasure, her hips rolling and gasps melting from her lips. Scorpius groaned and pumped his cock three times more in his boxers before letting out a deep moan, eyes tightly closed, his hot load shooting into his boxers and coating his hand. Rose was whimpering and gasping loudly now, and when she saw Scorpius body tense and the sound of his moan she pushed herself over into an intense orgasm that had her hips up and her feet arched, mouth open in ecstasy as she rode out the waves of her pleasure. They were both panting, and Rose kept her legs open for Scorpius as they came down from their mutual orgasms. 'Tomorrow, if you still want this, I'll be between your legs licking you to that orgasm,' Scorpius said as he stood up and walked to the bathroom. Rose smiled tiredly, looking extremely satisfied. 'And you'll fuck me too?' She said to his retreating back. She raised an eyebrow at Scorpius when he turned, having paused at the door. He grinned. 'Anything for you love. And I trust you have that wicked mouth-' Rose grinned '-around my cock soon enough too?' 'Can't dream of anything better,' Rose said with a brilliant smile. Scorpius smirked and closed the bathroom door behind him.