Ollivander's and as soon as the man behind the counter saw us, his face lit up. "Lily and James Potter! What a pleasant surprise! It seems like just yesterday you came in here for your wands." He said, his voice full of warmth. "Yes. We came to find a wand for our daughter, Hope." I glanced at my parents and the man, something told me they bought their wands from the same place. "Come over here." He told me and I walked towards him silently. "Hmm... What's your wand hand?" I glanced at him before replying "Well... I'm erm...right-handed.." He grabbed the tape measure on the side of him and he began to mutter to himself. "Alright, try this." He walked to the back to grab a wand and handed it to me, I waved it and sparks went flying everywhere. "Oh dear... Hmm... Maybe this one is better for you." He walked to the back and got another one and handed it to me, taking the one I was holding. The same happened this time and I sighed. "Don't worry dear, I'm sure this is the wand!" He handed me a wand which was slightly rigid and I waved it again, this time hitting the wall on the side of me. "That's the one! Larch wood with a Dragon heartstring core 12 3/4'' and Rigid flexibility!" (If you're wondering that's actually the wand I got for my Pottermore quiz) Finally... We ended our trip to Diagon Alley and used the floo to go back home. We arrived quite late and ate dinner quickly before going off to bed. I woke up excitedly at what seemed to be around 9 o'clock (luckily I was right!) and stretched before sadly getting out of bed. I put on a green sequin heart t-shirt and blue jeans with my trainers before grabbing my leather jacket. Fortunately, I already packed my luggage yesterday so I rushed downstairs and practically gulped down a whole bowl of cereal. While mum kept taunting me and saying that I was going to get hiccups or something. Sirius came with his Fiance, Harmony and Remus came with Harmony's best friend, Nyphadora (she preferred to be called Tonks). After breakfast uncle Sirius gave me a male owl that he somehow bought from Diagon Alley when we weren't looking. It was a beautiful shade of black. "Name it erm... Padfoot?" He said to me when he gave it to her, I raised an eyebrow and he raised his arms in exasperation, "Just a suggestion." He said. "Midnight." Harmony whispered besides him, I looked at the owl before relaxing my face. "That's a great name! You shall be called Midnight from now on!" I smiled widely and hughed Sirius and Harmony. We left at 10 o'clock and made it to platform nine and three-quarters before 11 which is when the train left. "Remember Hope, doesn't matter what house you get we'll still love you." my mother said besides me, dad just chuckled at her and said, "This is Hope Potter, she's going to follow in her Father's footsteps and become a Gryffindor!" mum scoffed before saying, "Hey! I was a Gryffindor as well!". They were teasing each other the entire time when I turned to Harry and said, "Don't worry, I'll be back before you know it!". "Will you owl us?" He inquired his face filled with curiosity. "Of course!" I smiled, "As often as possible! And I'll tell you about it when I come home for Christmas!" We ran through the wall and I brushed my clothes when I reached the other side, only for Harry to crash into me. "Ow..." He said, rubbing his right arm. I sent him an apologetic look and we walked off towards our parents. After 6 minutes I had to board the train, I waved at my parents and hugged everyone goodbye. I looked for a compartment to sit in and stumbled upon an empty one which I sat in after I put my luggage away. After a minute the Weasley twins from yesterday a moment a dark skinned boy walked in, "Can we sit here?" They asked and I just nodded. After a few minutes of silence one of them broke the ice. "Well, I'm Fred and this is George." He said nodding towards his brother, "You're Hope, right?" I nodded, fidgeting with my sleeves. " I'm Lee, Lee Jordan." The other boy declared. "Hey, are you alright?" The other twin, George, asked me. "Yeah, I'm just... kinda nervous..." I spoke softly, they gave me an understanding look before Fred piped up and said, "Is it about the house you might be sorted into?" "Yeah, I want to be put in Gryffindor like my parents and their friends..." I whispered. "Well, stop beating over yourself about it, everything happens for a reason." He smiled. "Hey, they say the people you sit with in on the way to Hogwarts become your friends for life." I said, smiling. "Really?" Asked Lee, smiling. "Yeah. Well, let's hope Hogwarts is ready for us." Fred said with a grin on his face. A/N Hope you enjoyed that, it took me a long time to write :P. For those confused : Sirius is engaged to Harmony Alexandra Brown and she is baring his child . Tonks is Harmony's best friend. After the night that happened Wormtail is no longer friends with the rest of the marauders and has been sent to Azkaban along with other Death Eaters. After Severus forgave James they became friends (not the best of friends... but yeah). Severus occasionally visits them. I also apologize for the fact that Severus was OOC in this chapter. In the next chapter he is not. [1] All pure bloods are related to one another. For example, the Weasleys are related to the Blacks, the Blacks are related to the Potters and the Malfoys. Which also means that Harry is somewhat related to Draco... Rate and Review please, much appreciated :P.