on her door and Cristal was so startled she nearly dropped the brownies she was holding in her hands. "Don't make me come in there using force." I said. I heard a mumble that sounded like 'piss off'. I used the 'alohomora' charm and went inside. I have no idea how the apartment looked like before but it looked like a mess now. Boxes of pizza and take away were lying on the floor. The table had around 8 boxes of Chinese food and half of them weren't even finished. The sofa had a load of dirty clothes dumped on it and the kitchen looked terrible. There were pieces of glass scattered on the floor, a knife with freshly stained blood on it. The dishes were all over the place. Some in the sink. Some broken and lying on the floor. I tried not to step on them but it was hard to, when I was wearing heels. "Audrey? Where are you?" I called out. I heard a grumble and I went over to the living space of the apartment. Audrey had just come out of her room, her ash blonde hair was now a light blonde colour. Her eyes had changed into a green shade. Her hair was a mess, full of visible tangles. Her shirt was plain black with long sleeves and she was wearing loose tracksuit bottoms. She was wearing white socks and grey slippers. The bags under her eyes were visible and she glared at me. "Breaking and entering is illegal." She plainly stated. She moved her hand to brush away a strand, there was a red liquid that looked like blood on her hand. "Oh this?" She gestured towards her face. "Charms don't last forever you know. I just renew them every so often so they don't wear off." "What... Happened to you?" Cristal asked, her voice nearly broken from shock. "What happened?" She let out a bitter laugh. "Don't ask me what the fuck happened, like you care. Just piss off. Fuck off all of you. I don't want you here. I don't need you here. I'm perfectly fine you deluded bitches." Cristal was about to say something when I cut her off, "It's alright Cris. I can tell where we're not wanted." "Good." Audrey said as she pointed towards the door. "Exit's that way, and don't bother coming back." When we left the room I heard something like the noise of glass shattering. I looked over to Cristal and shook my head. "Now's not the time to go back." I told her. "What're we gonna do?" Cristal asked me. "I've got an idea. But I'm not sure if this is going to work." "What're you going to do?" She asked. "Leave it to me, you'll find out soon enough." The night had been exhausting but I didn't feel tired since I had a fuel of adrenaline pumping me. I sat down on my purple bed, the memory foam mattress sinking when I sat down. I got a piece of parchment and began tapping my pen against my knee. I didn't quite know how to put this down into a letter, it seemed too personal. I looked at the time, we had come early since it was now ten thirty pm. Great, he's probably awake. I grabbed my leather jacket and apparated to the ' Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes' . It was cold but it wasn't windy. Living in England meant you had to get used to having crappy weather eleven twelfth of the time... If you were lucky that is [2] . The weather in England was something that most people would complain about but it was also something they'd talk a lot about. It seemed like my timing was perfect because I came out to see Fred leaving the shop. He seemed startled when he saw me. "Phoenix? Gosh, it's been a long time." He happily said as he strolled over to me. "Where's Cristal and Audrey?" I shook my head at him. "I didn't come her for small talk. I'm sorry. I'd love to catch up but I came to ask you for a favour." "Yeah?" I nodded at him. "It's about Audrey..." A/N *whistle* Woah. Alright. I think I did pretty good for this chapter. Jk. I'm fricking hungry, obviously I did a bad job. Potentially... I haven't had anything since breakfast which was a sandwich... I cri. It's like 4 20 so I can't have food for the next 40 minutes because the takeaway down the road opens at 5. Rip me. Anyways, enough about my clearly crappy life. I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. I will *try* very hard not to make the next chapter as depressing as this one. But, Fred's gonna be in the next chapter which decreased the depression of that chapter by 20% ^-^ [1] Kushieda isn't a real surname as far as I'm concerned. I've checked on Google and there is no history of this name on there. I'm sorry if I've offended any Japanese people since I'm not really Japanese myself. If I have done anything to offend you please, let me know. But for the sake of this story and because of the fact that I love that surname let's just act like it sorta maybe kinda is. [2] I may have slightly exaggerated the terrible weather in England but in my defence. It is terrible! Like right now it's cloudy and cold and stuff... IN THE MIDDLE OF JULY! Right. Quick message to my co-author who I didn't inform about the existence of this fic to despite the fact that I messaged her like 30 times at 1 and she still hasn't seen my messages. I'm sorry Nemmie. No I see you rolling your eyes. Stop. No. It's not my fault you didn't read my messages Nems but I'm being the bigger person (despite the fact that I'm shorter) and saying sorry. Be happy. Haha. Rate and review please. -Leo