"I cannot say that we are happy with the situation we find ourselves in." Frank replied shooting his mother a sideways look. "However if it is the belief that this will benefit the boys and help to keep them safe then I don't see why we have any reason to refuse. They will grow up together which in these times is more than we can ask for and, this is war, if it means having to join the dark to play the sides off against each other then so be it." "Alice?" Remus asked softly. "I agree with your mother and Sirius, Frank." She said quietly, looking down at Neville who had fallen back to sleep in her arms. "If they grow up with the dark then they will have more protection than we could ever give them. I just can't believe Lily and James are gone." Silence reigned for a few minutes as the gravity of the nights events started to weigh down upon the five of them. "You should get some rest." Remus said after a while. "Come with me and we'll get you some rooms set up." Frank and Alice nodded and got to their following Remus out of the room and leaving Sirius and Augusta alone. "You know the consequences, should our suspicions be proven to be correct." Sirius stated to the old Longbottom matriarch. "Should Dumbledore be discovered to be playing games with us then we won't hesitate to turn full dark. If we find out that James and Lily were set up for death you know that we will join the dark lord." "I have no doubts or delusions Sirius." Augusta replied, knowing that tonight had changed their lives and possibly history forever. "Longbottom and Potter are two houses that have always stood strong together, and we will do so once more when young Neville and Harry come of age, whether that is in the dark or in the light won't matter. If it keeps our boys safe then I have no issues. Dumbledore has been allowed too much power for too long, it will be interesting to see what the next few months will hold." O_o_O_o_O "They're asleep." Remus whispered, entering the room and sitting down next to his mate. "They're all in the same bed with little Neville hugged between them." "Augusta retired about half an hour ago to one of the spare rooms down here." Sirius replied. He was sat staring into the flames of the fire trying to wrap his head around what had happened only a few hours ago. "James was our best friend, our brother and he was betrayed by someone we trusted. Peter will pay for what he did tonight. He will pay with his life." "In time." Remus replied, reaching out and gripping Sirius's hands in his. "We will not let him go unpunished, but we have two children to think about now. Harry and Neville will need all the support we can give them, something we can't provide if we are hell bent on revenge. Peter will get his comeuppance one way or another, but we need to focus on the boys and keeping them and the rest of our family safe." "What time is it?" Sirius asked tiredly, looking up into Remus' brown eyes. "Just gone three in the morn." The werewolf replied. "We need to go and get cub now." Sirius saw a flash of amber and realised how exhausted his mate was if Moony was making an appearance. It was a constant battle for Remus to try and hide the wolf away however, if they were going to join the dark then Moony would be accepted just as much as the man that was sitting in front of him now. Sirius never doubted that there was darkness within the pair of them, he, himself was always hovering around the grey/borderline dark; the result of his family's natural affinity with dark magic and Remus was classed as a dark creature anyway. Maybe joining the dark would not be as bad a thing as they first thought. "Go and get changed into something warm. I'll find my spare vest out." Sirius saw the panic rise in Remus' eyes, Moony coming to the forefront of his mind as his instinct to protect his cub took over. "It's just in case." Sirius added, calming the male down instantly. "I don't want you hurt and I'll protect cub with all I have. I need you to have my back though alright?" Remus nodded before dashing up to change. Sirius dug around in the cupboard under their stairs and pulled out his spare auror vest. The vest he usually wore was thick dragon hide and Goblin made with all manner of charms and protections on it. Remus would be wearing that tonight though, Sirius would be wearing his spare, Ministry issued vest. These vests, although robust, were also made out of Dragon hide but, they did not hold all of the charms that Sirius' own did. It would suit him fine tonight though. It was only for precautions sake. He pulled it on and zipped it up over his white t-shirt then slipped back into his leather biker jacket. He had given Hagrid his motorbike, under the cover of giving up Harry and admitting defeat. "Ready?" Remus asked, coming back down the stairs to find Sirius staring at the cupboard, deep in thought. Sirius looked up and gave the werewolf a sharp nod. He took his own auror vest from the hook by the door and threw it at the werewolf. "What about you?" "I have my spare one on under my jacket. I'd rather you have that one." "Pads I can look…" "No arguments Moony. Put the damn thing on and let's get cub back." Remus did as he was bid and Sirius nodded before taking his arm and disapperating. Well there we go. Hope you enjoyed it. As I said, let me know what you think!