she could see the time. She would have to remember her body would disappear into thin air, at this exact time, on this exact date. And if everything went according to plan, she would not be standing in a broom cupboard planning to change the past. Hopefully she would be sleeping somewhere, and not surrounded by too many people. Regardless, she would need to be nearby to replace herself, when time catches back up to her. With trembling hands, she wrote down the time and date, and slipped the piece of parchment into her pocket. She suppressed her nerves, and carefully began turning the time turner, hoping fate was on her side. When she reached the correct number of turns, she took a deep breath, closed her eyes and let go. Suddenly, time was passing her by. She could see the light of day change under the cupboard door, voices and noises blended together, different smells filtered in through the door, but miraculously, nobody ever opened the cupboard. In an instant, it was over. She suddenly felt queasy, and dropped to the floor. A cool sweat broke out across her forehead, and she cradled her head against her knees. She allowed herself a moment to regain composure. Glancing up, she saw a small black spider spinning a fresh web. Careful not to run into the web this time, she tightened the invisibility cloak around her, and creaked open the door so she could see if anyone was in the corridor. She stepped out quickly, closing the door quietly behind her. She ventured toward the Great Hall, and as she neared, she could smell the most delightful aroma, which could only be from a large feast. Perhaps she had just been hungry and on the run for so many months, food in general smelled good. She took in another deep breath, and as she rounded the corner, memories of her years at Hogwarts flooded her mind. The Great Hall was a sight to behold. The great magical ceiling showed a clear, starry night above. Students littered the tables, which were overflowing with food and drink. In the front of the Hall sat Professor Dumbledore, sharing a laugh with Professor McGonagall. Hermione thanked the stars above, she made it this far. Scanning the room, she noted many other familiar faces. She saw Professor Slughorn making conversation with Professor Flitwick, and breathed a sigh of relief that she had landed in the correct term. She spotted Luna Lovegood at Ravenclaw table, lonely but seemingly happy. She scanned Gryffindor table, and quickly found Neville and Ginny sitting across from Harry and Ron. She saw herself wedged between the two boys, telling what looked to be a very animated story. She searched her memory, trying to recall what occasion this must be. Did they have a feast of this magnitude, right before end of term, sixth year? Her eyes examined the Great Hall once more, taking in what she had missed before. The Yule trees. The Fairy lights. The mistletoe. She realized it was the final feast before Holiday break. Anxiety began to creep its way into her chest, as she realized she had travelled back in time a bit further than she had intended. She shook it off, and thanked Merlin she was here. She dreaded to think of the consequences if she had ended up any further in the past. Suddenly feeling incredibly tired, she decided to venture to the Room of Requirement, where she could get some much needed sleep. Her legs ached as she climbed the Grand Staircase, and her eyes became heavier with each passing moment. Just as she heard a crowd of students pouring from the Great Hall below, she reached the sixth floor corridor. The Room of Requirement presented her a small room, with a draped ceiling. It reminded her of the tent she shared for so many months with Harry and Ron. There was just enough space for a chair in one corner, and a small cot in the other corner. A wooden storage cabinet and a shaggy rug separated the two. Hermione dropped her belongings into the armchair, and used her last burst of energy to cast the wards she had grown so accustomed to using. Her wand was still in her hand when she fell to the cot, and as her eyes drifted to a close, she had one final thought: How would she pass the time in the months to come? Disclaimer: I write works of fan fiction using characters from the Harry Potter world, which is trademarked by J. K. Rowling. All characters used in the stories were created and are owned by J.K. Rowling. I do not claim them as my own, or claim the world they are represented in as my own. The stories I write are invented by me, and are not portrayed or believed to be part of J.K. Rowling's story. These stories are simply for entertainment purposes, and I seek to make no profit from them. I would like to thank J.K. Rowling for creating the magical world of Harry Potter, and introducing me to a story which continues to make an impact on my life today. A/N: I know about 97.6% of you don't read Author's notes, so I figured I'd stick this at the bottom! You're welcome ;) I figure the best stories are the ones you don't have to explain, so I try to get all the details in the actual story. Sometimes an idea strikes me though, and I get real excited, and it can be easy to assume readers are all on the same page as me, since I know how this story goes. However, if anything looks confusing to you, please feel free to PM me or leave a review. I check regularly, and will fix any mistakes promptly. Text is informal to let Hermione's personality shine through. Thanks for reading :) Next chapter already being edited and will be posted soon!