her mood. She turned on her heel and walked over toward Wormtail's body. He was clutching the burned stump that until recently had been his left hand. But other than that he appeared to be in good enough condition to move. Lord Voldemort pointed her wand at his head, figuring there was no reason that he needed to remember her failure, if he even caught most of it. She wiped his memories of the time in the Graveyard completely, and replaced them with a more muddled version. Here, he had lost control of the Body Bind almost as soon as he'd gained Harry Potter's blood, and the boy escaped during the distraction of her revival. Once she was satisfied with the mind-magic she lowered her wand. Her transfigured dress had no pockets, so she took a moment to tuck it back behind her ear. Nagini circled protectively around her as she looked down toward the plump man. She grabbed her wand and summoned the cloak she'd created earlier. She caught it with one hand, tucking her wand away with her other and wrapped it around her shoulders, it fell down nearly to the ground. She pulled the hood up over her head and turned her attention back to the former marauder. "Wake up, Wormtail," she snapped. The man didn't move. Nagini hissed something like disapproval, muttering about how the man was useless, but she wasn't really interested in the snake's opinion at that moment, even if she agreed with it. She knew she couldn't leave him there. Ministry officials or Dumbledore, would show up as soon as the boy told them what happened. And she knew he would tell them everything. So instead she kicked him. Well, at first she prodded him with her foot, twice. When that wasn't effective she planted her boot firmly in his stomach. She supposed she could have used magic to revive him. But that seemed like such a waste. And her frustrations were better channeled through her boot than her wand. She'd have probably wound up killing him had she resorted to magic. Of course, the man may have already outlived his usefulness. But only time would tell there and it didn't seem prudent to kill her followers when at the moment she could only reasonably count on two of them. "Oof," he gasped for air. "Get up," she barked. "Yes mistress," he said. "Master!" she yelled. She reached up for her wand, intending to Crucio the command into him. But then she remembered she'd just erased his memory of the command and lowered her hand. "Yes master," he cried immediately. "I am sorry master. I did not think to better secure the boy I..." "Shut up, Wormtail," she responded quietly. "We well just have to rectify your mistakes as we go. Gather our things." She lowered herself next to the cauldron she'd emerged from as Wormtail started to gather up what few belongings were in the area. She picked up a burnt tiara and frowned at it, hating that she'd been required to destroy such a valuable relic. She stood and handed it to Wormtail. Her servant seemed surprised, she'd never let him touch it before. He cradled it in his hand for a moment before dropping it into his napsack. She'd wondered if he'd keep it. If he'd figure out what it was. Wormtail didn't strike her as that intelligent. And she doubted it could increase his intelligence anymore. "Just vanish the cauldron," she said. "It is useless to us now. Come," and she started walking east as she heard him vanish the large iron cauldron. "Where are we going?" Wormtail asked. She saw no reason to not tell him. He'd need to know the destination to apparate there anyway. As she would certainly not be touching him to take him along. "We are going to walk five miles east so the ministry will not be able to trace our apparation when we leave here unless they thoroughly scour the area. Either way we will apparate to London and then take the floo from the Leaky Cauldron to Wiltshire," she explained calmly. Had she been going herself she would have forgone the London pit stop, but she did not know if Pettigrew had ever been to Wiltshire. "Should you be seen in Diagon Alley?" he asked. "It's late and we will not be long. Anyway it has been a very long time since I looked like this. I doubt I will be recognized. She then hissed at the snake, ordering it to stay and observe. She'd have to come back for it in a day or two, but she knew Nagini would be fine on her own. The snake stopped following Wormtail and slithered into an overgrown area on the edge of the Graveyard, patiently waiting and observing. Voldemort doubted anyone would even take notice of the animal. She'd used snakes as spies before and none of her targets had ever caught on. "Do you have a hideout in Wiltshire, master?" he asked. "No. We will deal with another miscreant there and, with any luck, be able to see just where we stand," she paused as if making a decision. "Wiltshire I think will work for what I must accomplish now." Wormtail nodded his understanding as they walked. But he did not ask any more questions, already feeling lucky that she even shared a moderate portion of her plan with him. She set a brisk pace through the terrain, avoiding any signs of habitation, figuring the more deserted looking the area, the less likely the Ministry would be to check it. So she trudged away from civilization for about an hour. Wormtail struggled to keep up. Eventually she felt she was far enough away to not be traced. She hadn't heard any commotion behind them, or any sounds of arrivals. So at one point she just apparated away, trusting Wormtail to follow. Author's Note: Thanks for reading and reviewing. I appreciate it.