Love, alone, is the reason I exist." " Do you even hear yourself talk?" Lily asked bitterly, but for once he didn't seem to mind. " If I'd had my way, my revolution, my immortality… I imagine that one day I would have realized how pointless it really is. That the fear, adoration, and hatred of the masses is worth little more than their indifference," Wizard Lenin said before adding with a wry tone to his voice, "So, yes, believe it or not, I hear myself talk." Well, she had absolutely nothing to say to that, because she'd wanted him at least to understand, to know what it felt like, because Hogwarts had belonged to him more than it had to her… " Perhaps, Lily, you exist for much the same reason," he said, only a brief pause afterwards, and flashes of memories coursing through her, of the three of them in the golden light, "You exist for Death and for me, perhaps you even exist for that abominable rabbit. And if Death can find a reason to reconnect with life after seeing his universe destroy itself, after witnessing humanity at its best and most wretched, then who is to say, that a thousand or ten thousand years from now, you cannot." And then that first memory of Lily meeting Lenin inside of her mind, her smile almost blinding him, so without fear or guile, "And if I, a sociopath incapable of sentiment or anything other than rage and hatred, can feel this way about him and about you, surely there is hope for you yet." And Lily could see it, herself between them, and a thousand years from now, perhaps even at the universe's very end, that golden light enshrouding her. Lily stood, Rabbit placed back on her head, and a bright grin on her face that countered all that Azkaban stood for, and without a word she stepped out of her cell and into the future, the road before her endless and so very bright. Acceptance September 2140, the colonization vessel Prometheus, on a Sunday. A thin woman with strangely pale skin, hair with the color and vibrancy of a deep sunset, endless green eyes, in worn and faded clothing unfit for a space voyage, sat out of the hyper sleep chambers and stared at a glossy printed photo held loosely between pale thin fingers. The other colonists were deep in hyper sleep, not scheduled to wake for another ten years, as she herself should have not been scheduled to wake for another ten years. "Excuse me, Miss…" The woman looked up at him and her eyes seemed to burn through him entirely, as if in a mere glance alone she had seen through the very core of his mechanical and artificial soul. Human eyes, his programming distantly informed him, did not come in that color. The photograph, displayed the woman, she sat in a darkened room of what looked to be a bar, an absurdly good looking pale haired young man (artificially good looking, to the point where he would be an android if not for the fact that David cannot recognize that particular make and model) to her right, and seated just behind her, two dark haired men, also attractive, one sharing her alien eyes and features, and the other with pale burning eyes that could be mistaken as the inspiration for David's. She smiled at him, motioned for him to join her sitting on the floor, "I've been wondering when we'd get a chance to talk to each other, David. Tell me, how have you enjoyed existence thus far?" "Miss, you should not be out of the hyper sleep chambers, I will escort…" "Oh," the woman said, "That's not any fun, besides, I'd just go into cardiac arrest and it'd be very messy. And it's Lily," "I'm afraid we must try, Lily," he insisted, with the right amount of charm, but if anything, she just seemed vaguely amused by this. "Well, if you insist, but beforehand why don't we sit here and talk. My uncle was always very fond of you," she pulled him down to join her, her hands warm, and with a curious amount of strength for a human woman. "Your uncle?" "You met him another world, I'm afraid… It also didn't end very well for anyone involved," Lily said, "Or at least, from what he told me." "Is that so?" he asked, humoring her more than anything, but she nodded as if he was being perfectly frank. "Yes, I'd hoped that we could become friends, I have so very few friends…" she trailed off, regarding him, then said, "You know, there is a point to everything, it's not easy to discover, but it's there… Perhaps, perhaps the point is the pointlessness, so even when you're disappointed and so very bitter above all else you will have a friend, meaning, in me." "I'm afraid I don't understand, Lily." She blinked, smiled, a disarming and almost unnatural grin, "Good, then you haven't hit rock bottom yet, but just remember that when you do. I suppose it's time to watch my death and miraculous resurrection then." She stood, grabbed his arm, and they walked, arm in arm, back into the hyper sleep chambers, and despite himself he wondered what she would be like after she woke, because surely, this attitude, this strange charming and disarming inhumanity to her, was something brought on by waking out of cycle. Author's Note: I'll have you know I was promised a story about sentient deer for this (writing a fic about DeathxLenin)... And also, as is no doubt obvious, if I had more time and less unfinished stories I'd be totally be writing Alien and Prometheus fanfiction. As it is, I'll just make my nod here to "Prometheus" as well as "Carrie". Also, I enjoy how Death's stories are more traumatizing than Wizard Lenin's. Thanks for reading and reviews are very much appreciated. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter