and the Lovegood residence, had powerful magic that protected them to begin with. When the Death Eaters got to them, they had to destroy them in a way that would overpower the wards and enchantments. Somehow, this is preventing future construction. As for the joke shop and Percy's place, they may be salvageable because their magic was weaker." "The only option is to set up new houses elsewhere," added Mr. Weasley, "But that will involve buying land from Muggles, wizards, or the Ministry itself. And, well, you know…" trailed off Mr. Weasley, and his ears started turning bright red. Harry knew that money was a sensitive issue with the Weasleys and he would gladly share his Gringotts gold. But he had the feeling that, even if they were to accept it, the Galleons in his vault would not be enough for all of them, including himself. "Oh no!" and everyone turned to the source of the exclamation. Hermione had a hand over her mouth and a surprised look on her face. "What?" said several people at once. "My home! My parents! I have to check what happened!" and Hermione swiftly stood up from the table, looking ready to leave right away. But Mrs. Weasley and Ginny got to her first, "Hold on Hermione," said Mrs. Weasley, "You can't just go off on your own, the area may not be safe." But Hermione still looked frightened, and Harry and Ron stood up almost simultaneously, "Let's go," Harry said firmly, and Ron nodded, looking extremely concerned at Hermione. "Hold on boys," said Mr. Weasley, "You two aren't going," and with this Ron protested but his father explained, "There could be curses and traps that surround the place where the house stood. There were a few at the joke shop, Grimmauld Place, and the Lovegood home. Bill and I are going." "Why is Bill going?" Ron demanded. "Because he is a curse-breaker, you prat," said Fred. "Now Fred, Ron is quite accomplished in magic," said George, "He defeated You-Know-Who, a couple of curses and traps should be no problem." Ron was snarling at this point, and Harry was disappointed as well but was at least better at hiding it. He tapped Ron's arm with the back of his hand, "I think they're right Ron." Harry was wandering the castle thinking of the discussion in the Room of Requirement. After the meeting came to an informal close, some walked away from the Room in different directions either left with their own thoughts like Harry, or because they had errands to do like Bill and Mr. Weasley. Luna was still in the Room, surrounded by the comfort of Hermione, Ginny, and Fleur. When Harry and the others left them there, he thought he should be with Luna too, but ultimately decided that the three females could do a better job consoling Luna than he could. Ron, Fred, George, and Percy wanted him to come to Diagon Alley to see the joke shop. But Harry refused, stating that he wanted to visit the kitchens to see Kreacher and talk to him about Grimmauld Place. The Weasley men had a sympathetic look on their face and relayed that Harry could still join them if he so chooses. Harry was surprised at how easily he formulated the excuse. But after walking several floors of the castle, and coming across the Hogwarts portraits and human residents that thanked him and congratulated him, he almost wished he did go to Diagon Alley. By the time Harry reached the lower floors, he figured he could just visit the kitchens anyway. As he walked down a corridor, he saw Professor McGonagall round the opposite corner and walk towards him. "Good morning Potter, did you want to see me?" said McGonagall, with several papers in her arms. "Hello Professor," he replied, happy to break the loneliness, "No, I actually didn't, why do you ask?" "You are near the gargoyle, I simply thought you might," and she indicated the gargoyle that led up to the Headmaster's, or rather, Headmistress's office. "Oh! I…I was just wandering around the castle. I didn't realize I was near this particular spot." "I see," McGonagall gave Harry an uncommon look of concern, "Are you feeling alright, Harry?" Harry noted the change in how she referred to him, and decided that it was beside to answer truthfully," Mr. Weasley told us our homes were destroyed. We aren't sure about Hermione's, or even if her parents are alive in Australia. And Luna's very upset. I guess…I guess I was just thinking of a way to help them. You know, to figure out where we're all going to live. I don't have enough Galleons for everybody…" "Potter," said McGonagall firmly, and Harry was expecting some sort of reprimand given the change in tone. But what came next, Harry was not anticipating, "Come with me. I think I have a solution." McGonagall started walking towards the gargoyle, and started talking, almost to herself, "I should have told you when he passed away, but there was no time then…but I guess now rather than never…" Harry found himself in the Headmistress's office, and, looking at the sleeping portrait of Dumbledore, he sat down. Professor McGonagall took out some files and started talking in a slightly softened version of her usual brisk manner, "Potter, while those Muggles were your guardians in the Muggle world…" Author's Notes: If you've stumbled across this Fan Fiction, thank you so much for reading! I'm pretty new to FF, and after reading a bunch of FFs, I just thought I should write something, so I came up with a story. If you're going to keep reading, I hope you enjoy it. Most chapters are probably around 3000-5000 words. Not too much. I always like to hear what people think, whether positive, constructive, or even negative (maybe, I dunno how I would take it). Check out my profile for my thoughts on the HP universe and other universes. Enjoy! - themarkofthesparrow