far too freckled for her to be traditionally attractive. Having been in her presence a scant few minutes, Draco decided that Ginny was the kind of woman who was infinitely more interesting to look at than a perfectly carved statue. Something about the expression in her eyes and the set of her mouth combined with that vibrant red hair, managed to enthral him. He enjoyed looking at her so much, that he decided to entertain the conversation. Draco straightened, crossing his arms across his chest as he rose to the challenge she presented. "Your son used vulgar language while representing the school," Draco informed her, enjoying the way her mouth twisted into a scowl. Ginny scoffed at him. "I'd hardly call what he said vulgar ," she threw an arm out to point a finger at James, who shrank even further down into his chair. "Look at him. He couldn't come up with a swear word more creative than 'bollocks'." "Nevertheless, he was in uniform and at a school event when he said it." "The punishment you've given him is outrageous. At least come up with something more suitable for the severity of your principles." She moved her hands again, throwing them out in front of her as she spoke. Draco couldn't help but enjoy that she couldn't seem to contain her expression - that she felt so deeply, her hands needed to help her illustrate her point. Ginny looked him up and down, eyeing him not unlike a piece of meat. She cleared her throat, leaning across the desk far enough that he could see the swell of her breast, if he slouched just a touch. "You look like an athletic sort of man, Professor Malfoy," she told him, her voice low. "Are you telling me that you never once uttered an impolite word in the Quidditch pitch?" He couldn't help but smirk at her suggestion - she was right, of course, but what kind of example would admitting to it set for the children? "I'll make you a deal. James can serve detention with me this week, on the understanding that if he should use such language again, he will face another ban. Is that fair?" Ginny turned to look at her son, who was staring at her in awe. "What do you think?" she asked him. James blinked at her, as dumbly as he would expect of a Potter. "Y-yes - that's more than fair. Thank you, Professor Malfoy." Ginny nodded to Draco, her hair swinging past her jaw in a way that made him long to brush his fingers across her skin. "Thank you, Professor." Ginny began to usher her children away, clearly eager to escape his lair. For some reason, Draco found himself loath to see her go; he clenched his hands into fists, hoping she couldn't see them shake. "One moment, Ginny." She started; clearly surprised he had anything more to say to her. Draco fumbled for something to say to her - as surprised at his loss for words as she'd been moments before. "Perhaps you and your husband would like to join my wife and I for dinner tomorrow?" The question tumbled from his mouth, then gestured lamely to the essays piled upon his desk. "There are some other things I'd like to go over with you." Her eyes travelled over him again, just as they had before, and again Draco felt the sense of being eyed like a piece of meat. Ginny winced a moment later, head jerking back as though she'd been struck. "Are you alright?" "It's been a long day," she told him, pinching the bridge of her nose. "I must be getting old." "You don't look old enough to be their mother," Draco told her slyly, nodding to the two children loitering beyond the doorway. Ginny frowned at her children. "No, I suppose not." She hesitated at the door, her hand hover over the handle. "Have we met before, Professor Malfoy?" Draco examined her gleaming red hair, unable to prevent himself from imagining it a little longer, brushing her bare shoulder as she turned towards him. "Of course," he told her, his voice sounding more stable than he felt as he stared into her remarkable eyes. "We went to school together." Ginny stared at him a moment longer, a small frown marring the line of her full lips, as though she had more questions for him. She must have thought better of it, as her expression smoothed and she relented. "Of course," Ginny agreed, nodding her head. "Good evening, Professor." "Draco is fine," he insisted, surprising himself more than a little at his own forwardness. She hesitated, her hand hovering over the doorknob. "Good evening… Draco." His heart jumped at the words - though he wasn't sure why - and his throat was drier than the Sahara when she shut the door solidly behind her, blocking her curvaceous frame from view. "Good evening, Ginny," he said to the empty room, unsure of what had just transpired, or why his world suddenly seemed to be so off-kilter. Anise's Prompt (1) Basic premise: Draco and Ginny in a totally different setting, a true AU. They eventually KNOW something is off and they're not where they're supposed to be. Something happens to make them figure it out. This can be anywhere and anywhen you want. London in the present day, 16th century Tudor England, the prehistoric caves at Lascaux, right before that asteroid hits the earth and wipes out all the dinosaurs 50 million years ago, whatever. Must haves: They both figure out what's going on at about the same time. No-no's: Current H/G, cheating spouses, offspring. Rating range: (K, K, T, M, M [NC 17] – Any. If it's higher rated, well, maybe you could post a higher rated version somewhere else…;) Bonus points: Include the line "Did Sultan Suleiman of the Ottoman Empire really have over 500 red-headed harem girls?" (The answer is yes, btw.) Failing that, a kitten.