"Thank you for your words, Professor Dumbledore. Now I think it's time we bid you students a pleasant evening." "Oh yes!" said Dumbledore, the twinkle in his eye returning, "Sleep well! Classes begin tomorrow! Prefects, see that the first years reach their common rooms, and to everyone a good night!" The students rose en masse and began to shuffle sleepily out of the great hall. A short, bossy looking girl jumped right up on the Slytherin table and bellowed in a voice surprisingly loud for her stature, "Alright, first years! Follow me!" Harry struggled to keep up with the others. The Slytherin prefect was walking quickly down the length of the table, her head bobbing above the crowd. For everyone else, especially the tiny first years, it was difficult weaving through the dense throng of moving bodies. Millicent tugged on Harry's sleeve and pointed to the long table. "Path of least resistance?" she suggested. "What?" Harry said, but Millicent just rolled her eyes and pulled him onto the table with her. She, Harry, and Blaise raced down the table toward their prefect, laughing a little at the looks they were getting from other students. Their prefect nodded proudly once they'd joined her side. "Very good, very good. You guys learn fast. And look! Here's Harry Potter!" She gripped Harry's hand in her own, shaking it enthusiastically without breaking stride. "Gemma Farley. Delighted to meet 'cha. Now don't you worry about your reception into Slytherin. We're so glad to have you! Just forget everything you might have heard about us, you got me? Don't worry about any of that you-know-who business. We won't mention it if you don't. Most of us are too young to remember any of the dark times anyway! Amiright? Of course I am. You're gonna fit in just fine, Harry, I can tell." "Um… Thanks." Harry said. He was just beginning to wonder if Gemma was ever going to give him his hand back when they reached the end of the table. Gemma released him from her grasp and jumped nimbly to the floor. Harry and the others scrambled after her, wondering how someone so short could take such long strides. "The Slytherin common room is located in the dungeons," she explained loudly for the other first years to hear, "I know that might not sound so appealing to some of you, but it's very cool. Just you wait." After descending numerous hidden stairways and traveling various twisting hallways, Harry was starting to wonder if they'd gotten lost, and he had no idea how they were supposed to find their way back to the great hall the next morning. Finally, Gemma revealed a hidden passage and ushered them all through. The Slytherin common room was an incredibly gloomy place. The chairs and tables were all hewn from black wood and upholstered in dark green material. The stone floor was covered in overlapping faded rugs that seemed damp in places. There was very little light to see any of these furnishings by, as the whole room seemed submerged in an eerie green haze. Harry noted that the windows were absolutely black, and was starting to wonder what prevented them from seeing the school grounds, when he realized with a sudden shock that he was staring into the waters of the lake, its depths barely illuminated by the light of the moon. " Lovely , isn't it?" Gemma said adoringly, "Now off to beds! Girls that way, boys the other. Sleep tight and don't disappoint us in class tomorrow!" Too tired to argue with Gemma about just how depressing their common room really was, Harry followed Blaise to the boy's dormitories. Their trunks had already been placed near the hulking four-posters, also made of black wood and draped in heavy green curtains. Harry couldn't imagine why the curtains were necessary, since no sunlight would reach them in the underwater dungeons. "Some school, right?" Blaise asked as he tumbled into bed. Harry was poised to make a cutting remark about the dankness of their chambers, but was interrupted by the appearance of Malfoy and his two cronies. Harry was about to ask them what they were doing in his room, but then he realized that there were three other beds in their dormitory. "Potter," Malfoy said curtly. "Malfoy," Harry retorted. "And I'm Zabini," Blaise said lazily. "And that's Crabbe and Goyle. Lovely. So glad we've been introduced again ." Malfoy shot Blaise a dirty look, then turned resolutely to Harry, "What do you say Potter? We're going to be dorm-mates. It wouldn't hurt to form an alliance. Friends?" He offered his hand to Harry, just as he had done on the train. Harry stared at him, astonished that Malfoy still wanted to befriend him after insulting Harry's parents, ridiculing the first friend he made, and harassing him throughout the start-of-term banquet. "Malfoy, I wouldn't be your friend if we were the only two people in Slytherin." Blaise gave a loud whoop and tossed his pillow into the air, grinning at Harry with obvious approval. Malfoy looked outraged and quickly lowered his outstretched hand. "Have it your way, Potter. But you will regret you decision." "Oh, stuff it, Malloy." Blaise said with a dramatic yawn, "It's late, and we have class tomorrow. You can save a bit of your pomposity for another day." "It's Malfoy ," Malfoy hissed before turning his back on them both and motioning to dismiss Crabbe and Goyle. Harry was amazed that the much larger boys waited for this signal before getting ready for bed. He might have pointed this little detail out to Blaise, but it looked like he was already fast asleep, still dressed in his robes. Harry quickly changed into his pajamas and tumbled into bed. Almost instantly he fell into a deep sleep. Perhaps it was the unusual atmosphere of the Slytherin dorms, but he had bizarre dreams. He dreamt he was wearing the sorting hat again, and it was laughing at him.