didn't say anything to him, because I know why he did it. The last name isn't really unknown around here. Sadly. After that, I kind of got lost in my own thoughts, and let the two boys talk and discuss whatever they wanted to. A trolley came by, with all kind of sweets not too long after. "Anything off the cart dears?" The woman asked kindly. "No thank you." I spoke. "No thanks, I brought lunch." Ron said, holding up his bagged lunch. Harry looked at Ron, and then at me, and then at the woman. "We'll take the lot." He said, and paid the woman as he took a bit of everything. I noticed a rat sitting on Ron's lap, that I hadn't seen before, biting the inside of my cheek I decided to talk, I told mum I would make friends and these boys seemed nice enough. "What's your rat's name?" I asked. "Scabbers, weren't you paying attention earlier?" Ron asked, as he took a bite of his pumpkin pasty. "No, I zoned out." I said, with a laugh. Harry had taken a chocolate frog out. "These aren't real frogs are they?" he asked. "No, they're just charmed." I explained. "There's cards inside that you collect. I've got about five hundred, but I don't have a grippa, or teleny. " Ron said Harry showed us the card. Dumbledore. "So this is Dumbledore." Said Harry. "Don't tell me you don't know who Dumbledore is." Ron spoke. "Can I have one of those chocolate frogs?" I asked. "Sure." Harry said, and gave me one. I took it from him and unwrapped it. Inside was the frog, and I let it jump off, and then I picked up the card. My eyes widened a bit at who it was. I bit my lip, and blinked away the tears that seemed to form. Robert Rosewood. He smiled with his white teeth showing, and waved at me. "Who'd you get Abby?" Harry asked. "Nobody important." I said quickly, and then stuffed it in my pocket. At some point, Ron had taken out his wand and was going to show us a spell one of his brothers had told him about. Ron had just raised his wand when the compartment door opened, a girl who was already in her Hogwarts robes, and her brown hair was in unruly curls. "A boy Nevel, has lost his toad. Have you seen him?" She asked, in a bossy kind of voice, as she looked all about in her compartment. "Oh are you doing magic? well let's see it then." She said, when she caught a glimpse of Ron's wand. She sat down next to me. "Alright." Ron spoke and cleared his throat. "Sunshine, daises, mutter mellow, turn this stupid fat rat yellow." He said and waved his wand, but nothing happened. "I hate to break it to ya Ron, but I think the spell you were given was a dud." I said. "No bloody kidding." He said, rolling his eyes in annoyance. "If it was, it's not a very good one is it." The girl said. "I've tried a few spells, simple spells, just for practice and they've all worked for me." The girl bragged a bit. "I'm Hermione Granger." She said, confidently, with a bright eyes look, and a grin on her face. She acted as if introducing herself was a huge task that she needed to accomplish well. We had all introduced ourselves, and she had gotten wide eyed just like Ron and I when Harry had said who he was. Which wasn't a surprise, and I'm sure he's gotten it a lot. "Anyways, I'd better go and look for Nevel's toad, and you guys better change into your robes. I expect we'd be there soon." And with that Hermione turned to leave, but before she did you looked at Ron. "You've got dirt on your nose. Did you know? Just there." She said, and pointed to her nose. Then she left the compartment. Ron squinted his eyes in annoyance, and rubbed at his nose. "Well, I'm going to go change." I said, and stood up, grabbing a small bag, I had that contained my uniform and robes, then walked out the door and to find a bathroom I had just about everything on. The bland grey uniform that consisted of a skirt, and white dress top, with the little sweater on top, and the black robes that had the Hogwarts emblem on it. I was in the middle of brushing out my messy blonde locks when a knock came at the door. "Just a minute." I said. Then went back to getting out my horrid knots. The knocking got harder. "Hurry up! People are waiting out here!" A voice said. "I'll be out in a minute!" I said, and rolled my eyes. I grabbed my clothes, and put them into my bag, and put the brush in there as well, and then unlocked the door, and opened it. I came face to face with a boy, who held his fist up like he was going to knock on the door again. The boy lowered his fist. He was beautiful; if a boy could be that anyways. He had slicked back platinum blonde hair that you could find in a crowd in an instant, and that matched his pale skin perfectly. His eyes, were alluring. The most beautiful I've ever seen. They were like a storm, all grey, but not in the least bit dull. They were striking, and held so much energy, so much enthusiasm. They held such a strong personality, shown that he was a force to be reckon with. "It took you long enough to c-" I cut the boy off. "You have pretty eyes." I told him, slightly dazed. I watched his eyes widen, and he looked at me with his mouth open ajar. Shocked I would say, then I walked away, leaving him alone in front of the bathroom door.