'You know what to do.'" She picked up her glass and held it out. When he reached out for it and caught her gaze, she lifted a brow. "Never Have I Ever?" He smirked, then started filling the glasses. "Only if I get to go first." Ginny nodded and lifted her glass. Draco did the same and took a deep breath. "Never have I ever pretended to be someone else on HOOT." She tilted her head back and groaned before taking a healthy sip. "Blaise told you?" He shook his head. "It was those messages last night. I don't know anyone else who uses the expression 'psycho rubbish goblin,'" he said, his smirk widening into a grin. She blinked and tilted her head. "When…?" "That time I jokingly said that dating Wood meant you rode a broom all day and all night." Ginny rolled her eyes. "Right. You still deserved it." "Probably. Your turn." She eyed him from the corner of her eye. "Never have I ever sent anyone flowers anonymously." Draco sighed and took a gulp from his glass. "How long have you known?" "I've only suspected since yesterday, when Ron said you reacted badly when I got hurt. I always thought they were from a wealthy fan. They were gorgeous. Huge and completely ostentatious, but gorgeous." She grinned. To cover his embarrassment, he took his turn quickly. Steeling his spine, he looked directly at her and said, "Never have I ever fallen in love with someone I shouldn't have." Then he lifted his own glass and took a drink, watching as she did the same after only a brief hesitation. After she swallowed, Ginny took a deep breath but didn't look away. "Never have I ever been in love with a redheaded nut who stalked me on the interwebs instead of telling me that she liked me." Draco barked a loud, surprised laugh and then lifted his glass and drained what was left inside. He lowered his head, set his glass to the side and reached out to grasp her free hand. "Never have I ever danced with a Slytherin idiot that I'm in love with, anyway." Ginny smiled flirtatiously and played with her glass. "Too bad I can't finish this off." He stood and tugged her up, guiding her to some empty floorspace. "I think we can take care of that." He pulled her into his arms and they started to sway to the soft music. A few moments later their lips met, and the five people watching through the window began to celebrate. OOO One Year Later "I'm not joking, if I have to look at one more fabric sample, I'm going 'round the twist," Draco complained as he gratefully accepted a cocktail from Blaise. "You should talk," George muttered from his place in Ron's favorite armchair. "Not only do I have to hear about colors and flowers, but I have to deal with the pregnancy hormones and mum's constant comments about putting the cart before the horse." "I know you're not calling your unborn child a horse cart," Pansy said warningly, waddling into the living room." George jumped up to help her settle into the chair he'd been occupying. "Of course not, my love. Have I mentioned how radiant you are looking today?" They started to give each other the soppy sort of expressions everyone had grown used to, but were interrupted by disembodied laughter. "Whipped," sang the appearing cloud of silver mist before coalescing into George's twin. "Shut it or I'll make Ron my best man," George said. Pansy laughed as Fred's silvery visage reformed into an affronted expression. "You're such a liar," Ginny said as she entered the room and went directly to Draco, who pulled her into his lap. "You know Ron would refuse, since he'd be afraid Freddy would pop in inconveniently , like he did to Harry and Blaise." At the reminder, Blaise glared over at Fred, who immediately evaporated while the others laughed. "It's too bad Harry couldn't be here," Ginny added. Blaise's face relaxed, though he still glanced around, certain that Fred was hovering and eavesdropping. "Yeah," he said a bit sadly. Since they'd become partners as well as partners, Kingsley had decided they should be reassigned to prevent their relationship from interfering with their work. Blaise and Harry had both been matched with new recruits, but they had both also applied immediately to be case managers and Kingsley had agreed to expedite and approve their paperwork after Harry had threatened to quit. It was just a matter of waiting, but eventually they would all be together for Friday nights again. "I have juice!" Hermione said. She entered with her husband, her own small bump, and glasses of orange juice for herself and Pansy. "We have booze," Draco murmured in Ginny's ear, handing her his half-finished glass, and she giggled as she took a sip. "Let's have a toast," George said. "To love?" Hermione asked. "To friendship," Ron suggested, raising his glass. "To new life," Pansy added, and stroked a hand over her belly. "To future in-laws who love me because I didn't get their daughter up the duff before proposing," Draco crowed, and Ginny elbowed him in the side but couldn't help laughing along. "To nosy ghosts," Blaise said. "To nosy redheads?" Ginny asked hopefully, eyes twinkling at her fiancé. He leaned his forehead against her jaw and then softly kissed her behind her ear. "Definitely to nosy redheads." Hermione huffed. "To love ," she insisted. Everyone good-naturedly raised their glasses. "To love." Lia's Prompt #2 Basic premise: Draco has a secret. Ginny is obsessed. Ron is the voice of reason. Must haves: Humour, misunderstandings, an unhinged but still fun Ginny. No-no's: No prior romantic relationship between the two. Friendship, mild tolerance or out-right hostility is acceptable. Ratings: Any. Bonus: If you could convincingly use the following line: 'What I need is for you to climb down out of my arse. Can you do that for me?'