James called out. "Re- You there, stop for a minute!" Remus turned around and had the same reaction he had in his cell to seeing James. "What now? Were my thanks not sincere enough? Are you going to throw me back in-" "Would you stop with that?" James asked, coming to a stop before Remus. "I really am sorry that I threw you in the dungeons. It's just, I couldn't let you get away with speaking to me like that. There were too many people around." "You're not very good at apologizing." Remus sighed, turning away. James reached out and grabbed his shoulder. "I'm still not entirely convinced that I have anything to apologize for." He lied. Remus rolled his eyes. "At least not to you. I've already admitted that I was wrong where Bertram was concerned." "Then what are you doing now?" James shrugged. "I'm afraid that you got the wrong impression of me." He said, trying to put words to what he was feeling. "I don't make a habit of terrorizing the servants. Honestly, I don't." "So today was just an off day?" "It was just a bit of fun." James said. "It was meant to be a laugh." "Not for the kid." Remus said. "See," James said. "That's what's bothering me. You don't even know this boy, yet your continue to stand up for him regardless of the personal consequences. Why?" "Like I said earlier, I'm decent. Or at least I try to be." "It's more than that." James said. He didn't know why he was tolerating this rudeness. He was raised to believe that people were supposed to talk to him a certain way. They were supposed to conduct themselves in a certain manor around him. Remus was doing the complete opposite of what people were supposed to do when addressing James, and for some reason, James was okay with that. Sure the knights would joke with him, but there was a line that they never crossed. Remus either didn't care about the line, or just didn't know that it existed. "Where were you going anyway? The village is the other direction." "I know." Remus sighed, rubbing his eyes. James noticed that he looked exhausted. "But I live with the court physician, so I'm not going to the village." "Since when? I've known Dumbledore since I was young, he doesn't have any family." "Since this morning." Remus said. "He's a friend of my mother's." "So that's why you didn't know me? You're not from around here?" "No, I'm not. I'm from Ealdor. Now, sir, if you don't mind, I've had a very long, exhausting day and I really would like to get some sleep." "Yes, of course." James said, almost satisfied in how the end of this meeting was going. "I suppose I'll be seeing you around, then." He didn't know why he would be seeing Remus around, but for some reason he knew that he would. "I suppose." Remus said. He gave James a look of confusion and then walked off. "Who was that, James?" The king's ward appeared next to James, causing him to jump slightly. "Sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you." "You didn't." James said quickly, but he tried his best not to sound defensive. "Of course not. How could I?" Bellatrix grinned. Bellatrix Black was the King's ward. Her family had died five or six years ago and she had been living with James and his father ever since. There had been a time when people in the court, and even the king himself, expected them to wed one another when they came of age, but how could they? In the years that they had spent together, she had become something of a sister to him, and him a brother to her. They were close and they got along well. She was beautiful of course, her long, thick black hair surrounding her head like a cloud, swirling around and dropping in ringlets, and her deep brown eyes that were always warm and welcoming. But she was family. "Now, who was the boy you were talking to?" Her maid was standing behind her, the same girl that James had made of fool of himself in front of earlier that day, and he tried his best not to let his gaze linger, Bella would notice if it did. She had a way of noticing almost everything. Though he still chanced a quick look, the torch light bounced off her hair in such a way that it appeared as though it were glowing, and her eyes sparkled and James thought that he had never seen anyone more beautiful. He cleared his through and looked back at Bella. "His name is Remus. He's new around here. Lives with Dumbledore. Apparently he's from Ealdor." "Where's that?" "I've got absolutely no idea." "Fascinating." Bella drawled. James casted another quick look at Bella's maid, which reminded Bella that she was there at all. "Oh, Lily!" She spun around and grabbed her maid's hand. "I didn't mean to keep you this late, you can head home for the day." "Are you certain, my lady?" Lily spoke with a certain elegance that James hadn't expected and it dawned on him that this was the first time that he was hearing her voice. "I think I can manage getting to bed on my own tonight." Bella smiled. "Then I'll see you in the morning, your grace." Lily curtsied to both Bella and James and then left the corridor. When James turned back towards Bella, after unwittingly watching Lily leave, Bella was smirking. "She's a pretty little thing, isn't she?" "What?" James asked, trying and failing to sound indifferent. "I've never really looked, I suppose- I mean she's got peculiar colored hair." "What is it with you and the commoners today, James?" Bella asked, still smiling. "I haven't a clue what you're talking about." James took a deep breath and bid her goodnight before finding his own way out of the corridor.