twenty years in the short period of time he'd been away. The frown lines around Fleamont's head were more pronounced. "Sirius my boy. Good to have you back lad." Mr Potter spoke before turning to address his still concerned looking wife "See I told you nothing to worry about my dear" But it was clear by the old couple couple's weary faces that neither of them had slept for some days. The bags under their eyes were purple, deep and heavy. Sirius suddenly noticed other things too: Mrs Potter's nails were bitten to the nub, her hair thrown into a ragged bun not done as it usually was with neatness, poise and grace. Mr Potter's clothes were ruffled with a tomato sauce stain down the front of his shirt, something he would have usually noticed and taken care of. Sirius began to feel guilty about what he must have put them through. He swore silently to himself that he'd make sure he wasn't responsible for them looking like that again. "A little birdie told me to come home." Sirius piped up hoping to diffuse the tension that was mounting in the hallway. "Well I'm glad it did lad. Have you eaten?" The old man smiled, pulling his wife into the crook of his arm. "No Sir" Sirius admitted realising he was in fact hungry. His stomach gave a growl of its own accord. "To the kitchen with you then, have the elves prepare something. I'm off to bed, I need a lie down. There's plenty of time for talk in the morning. Welcome home Son." Mr Potter yawned. "See you in the morning Sirius dear" Mrs Potter said kissing his head. "Don't stay up too late boys" "Come on Pads you must be starved." James pulled his friend towards the kitchen. Sirius allowed himself to be led there, even though he had made his own way to the Potter's kitchens many times. It was still how he pictured it to be, after all how much could change in the space of one week? It was neatly and orderly with a few elderly house elves pottering around aimlessly. James took a seat at the kitchen table gesturing for Sirius to do the same. This prompted the house elves to scatter about the kitchen preparing a meal for him. "Dad was going to be calling the department of magical law enforcement in the morning if you hadn't turned up" James began, his tone tense but not angry. "The only reason they hadn't done so far was they weren't certain you actually gotten yourself into harm's way and the stack of reports is high enough for you not to be a priority to the department" "Sorry" Sirius apologised. The elves came over to the table with cake. "It's alright your here now. Want some? It's vanilla. Your favourite. You're lucky Remus was here when they started making it and said we should have had it as chocolate." "That fiend!" Sirius laughed. James smiled and handed him a knife. "You do the honours" Sirius cut into the cake creating slices for both himself and James before offering it out to the house elves. "So where were you?" James asked. "Around" Sirius replied as he shovelled cake into his mouth. "Cut the bull shit Pads." James was struggling to control the anger in his voice now. He was relieved his friend was home and well but now it was time for answers. "What happened to there's plenty of time for talk in the morning?" Sirius huffed, swallowing the copious amount of cake he had forced into his mouth in one sitting. "That's with my dad. You've got hours to come up with an excuse for him. Not with me Padfoot. I'm your best mate. In fact, no I'm not even that. I'm your brother. Maybe not by blood but I am. You can't just pull the 'my mummy and daddy didn't give me enough cuddles as a kid' routine with me. You said nothing Sirius! Nothing! Not to me, my parents, Remus, Peter, Alice or Marlene." James was shaking now, trying to keep the rage he had been feeling for days at bay. "I've been running myself ragged with worry. You missed the full moon. You even missed your Uncle's funeral for Merlin's sake!" "Look mate I'm sorry okay?" Sirius apologized, while he was trying to sound sincerer than his initial apology it didn't come out that way. "No Sirius. Not okay. Sorry just doesn't cut it this time. You know how worried I was? You have absolutely no idea. I was so worried about you going off somewhere and killing yourself I even called Evans. That's right called. As in I James Potter used a muggle telephone and I called her. She and Alice went all 'round Diagon Alley looking for you. She even went down bloody Knockturn Alley!" He hissed. "I wasn't going to go and top myself... Wait a minute... Evans... Goody two shoes Evans went down Knockturn Alley?" Sirius almost laughed raising his eyebrows in surprise. "Yes! Looking for you! Don't you think that after all that you owe us an explanation?" James said. The anger in his voice depleted. His eyes turned to looks of disappointment. "Yes. Look I really am sorry Prongs. I didn't think I'd worry anyone that much. I just needed some head space. To do something. Anything" He tried to explain what had provoked him, but when he didn't even know why himself it was difficult to put into words. "Like buy a fucking motorbike?" "Yeah like that" Sirius grinned. "So where'd you go?" James asked with patience returned. "Meh, around London, Blackpool, and Manchester" Sirius rattled of the place names that he could actually remember visiting. "Alright fair enough. Look just in future leave a note for Merlin's sake. If you didn't turn up tonight I'm pretty sure mum was gonna have a heart attack." James sighed. "Got it. And Prongs?" "Yeah?" "Thanks." "You're welcome"