sure of himself. "Of course, of course," Petunia waved him off. "Lily just tainted little Dudley here a little with her freakiness. It'll amount to nothing in the end. He'll be normal. Right Diddykins?" She beamed at me. "You won't do anymore of that abnormal-ness will you?" I didn't like where this was going. That they were just going to pass of my hurricane of accidental magic off as a one in a million kind of thing. But… I didn't want to suffer being alone again. I took a moment to think it through then responded with a happy "Mama!" Vernon and Petunia both smiled at me. For the next year everything seemed back to the way it was. I was their happy normal baby and I almost never did anything freaky or abnormal. When I did by accident (I really wanted that milk bottle Petunia forgot and left across the room) Petunia and Vernon would turn a blind eye. The power of human denial was truly a force to be reckoned with. It made me wonder what else people could trick themselves into believing if they wanted to hard enough. Life was… Good. The two adult Dursleys got their normal, quiet, and eventless life back and I played my role as normal and happy baby. It seemed life would continue as such for a long time. Then that day arrived. I don't actually know when Dudley's birthday is, sometime in spring I would assume. But something about my actual birthday, from my previous life, made itself known when the day arrived. One the day of Halloween there was a spark in the air that made my wispy baby hair stand on end and send a shiver through me. This year was no exception. In fact, it may be even more pronounced. The atmosphere reminded me of my first time doing accidental magic. It was saturated with an energy and power that licked at my core. I couldn't help but cry and wail as my natural baby-instincts screamed at me to thrash and throw a fit. Something was going down tonight, and if memory served right two wizards would die tonight and a baby would be orphaned. Petunia had long given up trying to sooth my crying and had retired to a restless night. My sharp eyes were sore as day turned into night and the night wore on and on, but something in me refused to let me sleep. Way past midnight, and probably sometime in the early morning before sunrise, there was a shift in the air. I sucked in a sharp breath when the light right outside my window went out. I was immediately reminded of the very first scene in Harry Potter where a lone Dumbledore steals the lights of streetlamps down a dark street. I was right. Soon you could hear the tell tale sign of a motorbike approaching. Hagrid. Harry. The sound of the bike went out after a few minutes and the sound of silence lasted for several more. Then suddenly there was a brief knocking coming from downstairs. My magically enhanced senses picked it up immediately. By this point my breathing was coming in and out in shallow breaths as I waited in (excitement?) tension. There was a shift outside my door and across the hall and I heard Vernon grumbling angrily and Petunia's hushed yet worried voice. The obese man was not happy having being interrupted this late at night (and to be honest I would be very angry, and a little more than suspicious). My eyes began to droop though, even when I heard the surprised gasp of Petunia way downstairs. The strange atmosphere had dissipated, the horrible night was over, and there was nothing left to keep me awake. I yawned widely and without my consent everything turned dark and I slept. Phew! Glad that's done. This has been a plot bunny nagging at me for a while. I'm actually surprised no one has tried it yet (that I know of), but at the same time it makes sense. So yes. This is an SIOC!Dudley. The first of it's kind as far as I know (and please let me know if you actually know of one. I would like to read it). I have a lot planned for Dudley (later will be referred to as Orion for reasons that will be explained later) and Harry. Obviously the story is going to be a lot different, especially since I've given Dudley power (I actually know of a fanfiction where Dudley gets powers and goes to Hogwarts, but that one wasn't a SIOC). Harry's childhood will also be a lot different since Dudley won't hate Harry (since she is actually very maternal with all her siblings in her past life) and will sort of see herself as Harry's mother in some ways. Oh yeah, this will be Parental!Dudley/Harry with some actual romantic pairings on the side (many of which will be slash and het [maybe femslash if I feel like it, but probably unlikely]). I hope you enjoy reading this. The next chapter we'll get into a fast-forwarded version of their childhood together so we can get to magiks as fast as possible. Also, as a heads up, this will be a very politics heavy plot. I'll try to make it as interesting as possible. I'm using this as a way to get myself into Wizarding politics and also magical theory (runes, spells, wand movement, ect…). And before I forget, this story was actually inspired by a SIOC Katekyo Hitman Reborn fanfiction called Casalinga by Freydris. It's where the main OC character gets reincarnated as Sawada Nana. It delves quite a bit into her childhood than takes off after she meets Iemitsu and Tsunayoshi is born. Nana is also pretty badass in a homicidal but loving and protective mother way. You should go read it. I'm addicted. Thanks for reading! Till next time. (Drop a review on your way out) ~TheFireCrest