the ground floor, he noticed that Lunafreya and his mother had now recovered from their weeping, and had begun to talk to the other guests. Arthur recovered when he saw Lunafreya manage to smile at him. It would soon be time to send their father on to the other life. Arthur doubted that his mother and Lunafreya would be able to continue after that. As he wandered around speaking to the guests, he noticed the front door to the entrance hall open, and he saw a wizened old man, wearing a purple robes and he had a large white beard that travelled down to his chest. Arthur was not stupid, he knew who that man was, everyone knew who that man was. It was Albus Dumbledore. Arthur groaned, he did not want to have to deal with the man again. He had been asked multiple times by the Headmaster of Hogwarts to teach one of the roles, and it was Defence Against Dark Arts. He had been enthused at first, it sounded like fun, but he had a business to take care of, and the House of Urien needed a Lord more than ever. The headmaster walked over to him. "Lord Urien, my deepest condolences for your loss." "Please, Headmaster, just call me Arthur. I'm still not comfortable with being a lord yet." "Of course, my boy. You're probably think I'm here to ask about becoming a professor, don't you?" Arthur felt a mild probing in his head, and scowled at Dumbledore. "Don't try that with me, Albus. You know it does not work." Dumbledore's grandfatherly smile dropped, and he turned serious for a moment. "Well, I'm not here for that. I'm here on behalf of the members of the Wizengamot who could not make it." "I see. Well, would you like a drink?" Arthur offered him a glass of champagne, but elderly headmaster declined. "I don't drink, Arthur. How are you, my boy?" "I don't know how to feel about it yet, Albus." Arthur was silent for a bit. "He was my father, he was my lord, and now I have to take his place. It will be a lot different. I may not even take his place. I may let Mother take it. If Augusta Longbottom can keep that house afloat, my mother can keep this house alive too." In reality, he was not even sure if there was anyone who even wanted to become the Lord of House Urien. It was a Most Ancient and Most Noble family, and someone would need to take charge again. If Arthur was not adamant of taking charge, he knew Guinevere would never return to take charge, Lunafreya was too young to even consider it. So it was either Arthur or Celestine. Arthur then felt a hand on his shoulder, and it was Dumbledore's. "Go and be with your family. Grieve, and think about everything. I know you have the House and the businesses to consider, but there will always be a place in Hogwarts for you." "Thank you, Headmaster." Arthur wandered back upstairs and went to his father's study, and examined some of the items that were hung upon the walls. He went over to his father's desk and examined the will that had been laid upon the desk. Arthur took the piece of paper and began to read it. Son, I wish I could have said this to you in person, but it seems that was never going to happen. I wrote this in case something had happened to myself that I may never come back from. Anyway, I leave the House of Urien to you, Lord Urien. I wish I could have gone back and changed things with Guinevere, but I believe it is too late to do anything now. I have burnt that bridge and there is no rebuilding that any more. I think if Guinevere ever wants to come back or she tells you of this intent, please tell your mother and tell Guinevere that I am sorry. I was extremely stupid and stubborn in my old age. Now, I come to you and Lunafreya. I should have always paid more attention to you and your sister when you were younger, but I went wrong somewhere. I wanted you to become like me, I wanted you to succeed like me, I wanted Lunafreya to marry and have a family, I wanted you to inherit the House and become a Lord of legends, a man who led the House of Urien to greatness, like I had tried to do myself. I give you the keys to the vaults at Gringotts, they hold everything we have now and will be refilled with the profits from our businesses. I give you our properties dotted across the world, and I give you access to my personal arsenal of weapons, including wands and staffs, may they keep you safe in your future endeavours. I love you with all of my heart, son. Sir Edric Regis Urien, Lord of House Urien and Lord of Reddington Manor. As Arthur read the letter, he began to feel tears roll down his cheeks. He placed the letter back down on the desk, and he looked outside the glass doors at the rainy night outside the manor. He could see the funeral pyre sitting outside, with Edric Regis Urien lying peacefully as the rain began to fall. Arthur could see Dumbledore carrying a torch that had been charmed to not extinguish. He placed the torch on the pyre and waited as the pyre caught fire and soon, the body of Edric Regis Urien was naught but ashes. "Goodbye, Father." Arthur wandered back to his own study/bedroom, took the bottle of Jack Daniels and began to take a few small sips. He got changed and got into bed, continuously taking sips until he felt so tired and unable to move he just went to sleep. X-X-X A/N: Remember to follow, favourite and review! ~The Real Italian Stallion~