George set off from the entrance hall, Fred and George debating the ways in which Dumbledore might stop those who were under seventeen from entering the tournament. "Who's this impartial judge who's going to decide who the champions are?" said Harry. "Dunno," said Fred, "but it's them we'll have to fool. I reckon a couple of drops of Aging Potion might do it, George…" "Dumbledore knows you're not of age, though," said Ron. "Yeah, but he's not the one who decides who the champion is, is he?" said Fred shrewdly. "Sounds to me like once this judge knows who wants to enter, he'll choose the best from each school and never mind how old they are. Dumbledore's trying to stop us giving our names." "People have died though!" said Hermione in a worried voice as they walked through a door concealed behind a tapestry and started up another narrow staircase. "Yeah," said Fred airily, "but that was years ago, wasn't it? Anyway, where's the fun without a bit of risk? Hey, Ron, what if we find out how to get 'round Dumbledore? Fancy entering?" "What d'you reckon?" Ron asked Harry. "Be cool to enter, wouldn't it? But I s'pose they might want someone older… dunno if we've learned enough…" "I definitely haven't," came Neville's gloomy voice from behind Fred and George. "but I expect my gran'd want me to try, though. She's always going on about how I should be upholding the family honour. I'll just have to - oops…" Neville's foot had sunk right through a step halfway up the staircase. There were many of these trick stairs at Hogwarts; it was second nature to most of the older students to jump this particular step, but Neville had a habit of forgetting it. Harry and Ron seized him under the armpits and pulled him out, while a suit of armour at the top of the stairs creaked and clanked, seemingly laughing. "Shut it, you," said Ron, banging down its visor as they passed. They made their way up to the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, which was concealed behind a large portrait of a fat lady in a pink silk dress. "Password?" she said as they approached. "Balderdash," said George. Turning to the others, "Overheard a prefect downstairs." The portrait swung forward to reveal a hole in the wall through which they all climbed. A crackling fire warmed the circular common room, which was full of squashy armchairs and tables. Bidding them good night, Hermione disappeared through the doorway to the girls' dormitory. Harry, Ron, and Neville climbed up the opposite spiral staircase until they reached their own dormitory, which was situated at the top of the tower. Five four-poster beds with deep crimson hangings stood against the walls, each with its owner's trunk at the foot. Dean and Seamus were already getting into bed; Seamus had pinned his Ireland rosette to his headboard and Dean had tacked up a poster of Viktor Krum over his bedside table. His old poster of the West Ham football team was pinned right next to it. "Mental," Ron sighed shaking his head at the completely stationary football players. Harry, Ron, and Neville got into their pyjamas and into bed. Someone, a house-elf no doubt, had placed warming pans between the sheets. It was extremely comfortable lying there in bed and listening to the storm raging outside. "I might go in for it you know," Ron said sleepily, "if Fred and George find out how to enter the tournament, you never know, do you?" "S'pose not," said Harry, "if the twins can find a way into the tournament, you should try if feel you can do it. For me, I'm going to stay way out of it, let someone else face the danger." " What?" Ron asked in shocked voice, "What about the fame and the Galleons?" "I already am famous, and I've got enough Galleons to hold me over until I finish Hogwarts, why would I want more?" Harry asked Ron. What he didn't tell Ron was that over the summer, he found out that he had enough Galleons to live off for a few lifetimes, he didn't say anything, he didn't want to create an awkward situation. "Although I'll miss Quidditch, I can finally have a year without someone or something trying to kill me. I can finally have a normal year. Maybe this year I can get myself a girl without worrying about anything else." "S'pose you right," Ron said thoughtfully. For the last three years, Harry had faced death more than once. He couldn't blame his friend for wanting one normal year, he knew he would if he went through what Harry had. "Although with everything that you went through, whatever the tasks might be I bet you could pass them with ease." "You're right," Harry said with a chuckle, "with everything you, Hermione and I went through these last few years, there might not be much I couldn't get through," then with a fake yawn, Harry said, "Now come on, let's get some rest, we've got class in the morning." "G'night mate," Ron said with a yawn, and rolled over and in a few moments, he was asleep. After several minutes and the snores of his dorm-mates were evident, Harry got out of his bed. With a quick glance at each bed to confirm they were all asleep, Harry transformed and where he once stood was a black haired Kneazle with brilliant green eyes. With quick, silent steps, the Kneazle exited the dorm room, descended the staircase and slipped out the common room door, his plan; to have some fun. TO BE CONTINUED! Authors Note: Hi all, I hope you like the start of the story, and if you did, could you leave a review telling me what you think and any ideas you might have for this story. As I would like to hear what you would like to happen in this story, as all ideas are welcome.