away and beamed at Remus. "You're welcome, Moony." Remus smiled and shook his head affectionately before he broke away completely and moved towards Peter. Peter was the shortest Marauder – much, much short than him – and Remus wondered how to hug his friend. He went with James' approach and flung his arms around Peter, stooping a little for the embrace. Peter gripped him back bone crushingly tight; it was hard for Remus to breathe properly but he managed it. "You're not a bad hugger, Remus," Peter mumbled against his chest. "A bit more practice and you'll be fine." "Thanks," he deadpanned. Eventually Peter relinquished his hold and Remus let go also, stepping back. "You should hug more often," Peter suggested. "I'll take that into account," Remus replied sarcastically. He took a steadying breath and turned around slowly to face Sirius who was still sat on the couch, staring back with his usual indifferent mask. Tense silence occupied the space for a moment before Remus became impatient and broke it. "Stand up," he ordered, gesturing for Sirius to do so. "You get one too. No escaping it," he joked, trying to ease the tension. It worked somewhat as Sirius fought to keep his smile small and shot up from the couch. His expression quickly morphed as he watched Remus carefully. Remus took a step toward his friend. He could understand Sirius' apprehension. It had been months since they had shared contact. They hadn't hugged since before the Incident, and Remus doubted that they had been in such close proximity to each other since then either. With another breath, Remus took the final step and closed the distance between them, dragging Sirius into a hug. His arms swooped around Sirius' shoulders, body tense and grip loose until he felt Sirius' arms wrap around his waist and latch onto him. He tightened his grasp, having not realised how much he had missed the comforting hugs before, and held onto Sirius firmly, holding his friend closer. It was true that Remus had never been much of a hugger. But, in the past, Sirius hadn't cared. He had still latched onto the werewolf as much as he did everyone else – if not more. Remus had learned to stop protesting and just let it happen, realising Sirius needed contact. He had become accustomed to Sirius' need for physical attention and had even began to return the embraces after third year. As Remus held his friend, he realised just how much he had missed the feeling of closeness they had before. He wanted that back. He missed his best friend. He missed the trust they had shared. He wanted to work on that – really work on fixing their friendship. "I forgive you, Sirius," Remus whispered, quiet enough that only Sirius could hear him, feeling true forgiveness for the first time. He felt like a weight had been lifted. He finally honestly and truly forgave the other boy – for everything that had happened. And he needed Sirius to know. He just wanted them to go back to normal. "I forgive you." The grip on his back tightened and he heard Sirius mutter into his shoulder, "Thank you." Another long moment later, Remus pulled back reluctantly. As much as he wanted his friendship with Sirius to go back to how it originally was, he knew it couldn't. It had to evolve. What had happened had happened, and they couldn't ignore that. A hug wasn't going to solve everything. A hug wasn't going to fix them or all of their problems. But it was a good way to start, he supposed. It would take time to rebuild their friendship, Remus knew. They would have to learn to be alone together again, to have easy flowing conversations with one another like they used to, to build up trust again. And that couldn't be done overnight. And not that night. It was late, and James and Peter were there. Remus resolved to mend their friendship over time, over the next weeks or months or possibly even years. As they pulled apart, hazel-amber met with cloudy grey. "Thank you, Sirius," he said sincerely. Sirius smiled sheepishly and nodded curtly. "You're welcome." Remus tore his eyes away from the dog Animagus and looked at his other friends to find them watching happily. "We should go to bed," he said. "It's late. And we're going hiking tomorrow." "Moony's right," Sirius agreed. "Hiking tomorrow means Wormtail is going to need the rest tonight." "Yeah. Fucking hiking. I hate hiking. Why're we doing that again?" Peter grumbled as James led the group to the door. "Because Prongs is an idiot," Sirius replied. "Whoa! It was Moony's idea!" James defended as they made their way up the garden path and through the Potter Mansion. "No it wasn't," Remus replied calmly. "I said we should go for a walk. Not a walk up a cliff." James shrugged. "Whatever. It'll be fun, I promise," he retorted optimistically. Remus smiled and the quartet trudged through James' house. It had been an eventful night, he reminisced. Before, when he had been lying in bed, he had thought it was going to be a long, sleepless night. But as he settled into his bed, he felt able to drift off to sleep easily with few worries plaguing him. His friends weren't hiding anything from him anymore – though he was concerned about the next full moon, if they were going to be joining him. The Full wasn't for another three weeks. So, he decided to worry then. And one of his main friendships was on the mend. Things could definitely be worse, he thought as he drifted into a restful slumber. NOTE: There will be 7 sections to this story – a ll of different confessions/revelations. I have the basics for each section, but I need to write them up and perfect them. This story will be slow and patience will be necessary. Written: October, 2016 Edited: August, 2017