since you were only twelve years old. How did you manage it, if I may be so bold?" Marvolo asked, studying Harry intently. Harry shuddered slightly, not liking that particular memory. Being chased by an enormous snake that could kill you simply by looking at you wasn't anyone's cup of tea. "Well, it was your entire fault, for starters." Marvolo frowned in confusion, "How can you blame me for what happened in the chamber? Back then, I was still without a body, if you recall." "Well, not the 'real' you, the diary you, and-" "What do you mean?" Marvolo's face had lost all its colour. His eyes were wide and deadly, his fists clenched the armrests of his chair so tight the wood was creaking under the strength of the grip. Harry frowned at the man's reaction. Surely, someone had told him? "Lucius Malfoy smuggled your diary into the school. The memory inside it gathered enough magic to lure Ginny down into the chamber and release the basilisk. It petrified several students, including a ghost." Marvolo hissed in anger at the mention of Malfoy Senior, promising torture and pain for what he'd done. "Proceed." He ground out between clenched teeth. "Ron and I managed to figure out it was a snake. Well, Hermione was the one who figured most of it out, but then she got petrified. We followed the clues into the abandoned bathroom and found the entrance by the sink. I opened it, then we-" " How? " "Sorry?" "How did you open the entrance to the chamber?" Marvolo's voice was a mere whisper. He was staring at Harry as if he'd never seen him before. "I told it to open in Parseltongue, of course. How else would I have opened it?" "You-you're a Parselmouth?" Marvolo said, appearing to be well and truly shocked. Hadn't someone told him this before? Malfoy had been there when he'd done it at the Duel Club, he must've told his father. After all, it wasn't as if everyone had the ability to speak to snakes. "Yes. I always have been able to speak to snakes," Harry said with a confused shrug of his shoulders. "Only descendants of Slytherin himself have the ability to speak Parseltongue, and even then it's a rare gift. How could a Potter manage it?" Marvolo seemed to speak to himself, no longer looking at Harry. Instead, he gazed out the window, lost in his thoughts. Harry shifted quietly in his seat, not wanting to disturb the man. Something told him it wouldn't end well for anyone who'd dare to disturb them now. "I don't know if it's relevant, but Dumbledore said something that might explain it," Harry said quietly, thinking back on that particular conversation. Marvolo's eyes returned to him, now bright and alert. "Yes?" "He said that, when you tried to kill me that night, some of your power transferred itself into me. Could that be the reason?" "Some of my power... transferred itself into you..." Marvolo had again gone pale, his eyes wide as he stared at Harry, or more pointedly, at his scar. "Oh, Merlin…" "What?" Harry began to worry at the man's unusual behaviour. Marvolo had always been the reserved one, very rarely showing emotions. "It can't be… and yet, it appears to be so…" "Marvolo, you're starting to scare me," Harry said and stiffened in his seat. Marvolo shook his head as if to clear it, eyes never leaving Harry's face. He slowly got up and circled his desk, coming to stand in front of Harry, who by now was well on the way of being truly afraid. Then, Marvolo kneeled down in front of his chair, hands gently grasping Harry's head. "It appears as if you are my Horcrux, Harry." "Huh?" Was all Harry was able to say. Marvolo very rarely touched him; they had never been very affectionate towards one another. Marvolo smiled, another rare occurrence, his thumb softly traced the scar, causing warm shivers to run down Harry's spine. He'd never felt anything like that before, usually, it always hurt. "You're my Horcrux, Harry. It means you're carrying a small part of my soul inside you. That explains why you have the ability to speak to snakes." "I-I'm sorry, what?! I'm a Horcrux, your Horcrux? How…" This was not how he'd been expecting this conversation to go. "When someone commits murder, their soul is forever damaged. It literally rips the soul apart. Some people, like me, chooses to secure a part of their soul inside objects, to ensure their survival if they were to die. It's very dark magic, most witches and wizards have never heard of it before," Marvolo explained while he continued to trace Harry's scar. "What about people? Does it work the same as if with objects?" Harry asked, eyes wide with shock and confusion. "I'm not sure, to be completely honest. No one's ever chosen to keep their soul inside a living vessel before. But it appears to be fine, do you feel any different?" "Well, my scar kind of tingles when you touches it, usually it hurts whenever you're near, or when you're angry," Harry said and tried not to lean into the other man's touch. From the small smile on Marvolo's lips, he'd failed miserably. "The… connection we seem to share is apparently available to transfer our strongest emotions to one another. When your scar's been hurting, I can most surely guarantee you I was thinking very unhappy thoughts about you, probably cursing your very existence." At that, Harry snorted, leaving Marvolo smirking in satisfaction. Now that Harry really concentrated on their connection, he could feel a small sense of smugness emanating from the other man. "I think I can feel what you mean," he said, "you're feeling very smug at the moment, right?" Marvolo huffed in surprise at the accurate assumption but nodded. "I made you laugh, not a very difficult task, mind you, your sense of humour is quite atrocious." "Very funny."