I was thanking you for knocking some sense into me. An unconventional way to do so, but I'm nothing if not eccentric." That night, once they returned to the Great Hall; they shared a blanket. Ignoring everyone else, and the prickling sense in their back of their minds saying they shouldn't do it, Draco wrapped his arms around Hermione. Both of them found comfort in each other; where no one else could do it for them. It was abrupt and quick at the same time but all in all, it felt right. ~.~ "No... No... No..." Audrey browsed through the book in her hands for something that can be used in her little scheme. The potions book was full of interesting types of concoctions, ranging from healing to love potions. She wasn't looking for any of those, though. She was looking for something that could fix the problem her cousin had arisen, but so far no books were competent enough to do so. Some of them were entirely useless, and while some of them were helpful, it wasn't exactly what she wants. Her thoughts were cut off when a pair of hands slides themselves down her arms. She jolted with surprise but instantly calmed down when she realised that it was only her boyfriend. "Hey." "Hello." He gives her a kiss on her head. "What are you doing here?" "I saw you walking out of the Hall. So, I followed you here." "Oh, so you're stalking me now?" "Kind of." She hummed in amusement. "So, what are you doing?" "Trying to fix my cousin's predicament." He groaned. "Why can't you leave them be? If he does love her, he would've been on his knees by now." "But you know how stubborn he can be. You know how stubborn she can be. Do you expect them to be so pliant with their feelings?" "Now that you mentioned it, no." Audrey made a sound of achievement. "But that doesn't mean we should meddle with their lives!" "It's not meddling if you're trying to help." "Right, forgot that you're American." "What's that supposed to mean?" Her voice had a dangerous glint to it. "It means that you're too self-righteous for your good." "Not all Americans are like that, you know." He sighed. "I do. It's wrong for me to say that. I mean, not all Brits eat scones and have tea in a fancy lounge. Most of us favour our booze too much." "Okay. We're going off topic. Stop distracting me!" "Sorry." He looked at the cluttered table, books and parchment were strewed everywhere. He shook his head at the mess she made. "Maybe you should stop whatever it is you're doing and-" "No! I won't sit here and do nothing! They are miserable without each other, why can't you see that? She's your best friend! Don't you want her to be happy?" "Of course I do, but-" "But what?" "I think that maybe she's...better off without him?" Audrey blinked at him. "Oh my god, she's right. Sensitivity is not exactly your forte is it?" "Now, wait for a second-" "No waiting. I am going to help them whether you like it or not. Besides, I'm just going to give them a boost. A little push! If anything, they're going to fix it themselves. I'm merely a-" "-meddlesome busybody who doesn't know how to keep her nose out of something that isn't any of her business?" A glare from her was his reply. "You know, if you don't want to help me, then you could fuck off. My time is already wasted talking with you." He sighed, a sign of defeat. "I'm not going to talk you out of this, am I?" "Nope." "Fine." Audrey (thinking that he had given up and left her alone), glanced back at the book she was reading but was surprised when he dragged the chair next to her closer to his side. He sat on it and proceeded to reach out for a book at the nearest pile. She looked at him suspiciously, in which he shook his head. "If you're going to do something stupid, the least you could do is to ask me along the ride." Audrey raised an eyebrow. "You were trying to stop me five seconds ago. What changed your mind so fast?" "You were right. I hate to see my best friend depressed and if getting her back together with the ferret would undo it; then I guess I should help you out." Audrey blessed him with the biggest smile he had ever seen on her. It made his chest flutter with pride, knowing that this beautiful girl was his, and only his. He reached out for her hand and kissed it, smirking at her when she started blushing. It also made him felt smug, knowing that only he could affect her as much as she could to him. Audrey stretched her neck and kissed him on the cheek. "Thank you." He rolled his eyes but smiled anyway. "Yeah, yeah." Anything for his girl. ~.~ "Are you ready for this?" "Not really." "You'll be fine." A kiss on his cheek seemed to lift his spirits slightly. "What if I fucked it up?" "Don't worry. You can do it." "I hope this works. Because if it doesn't, you owe me; big time." "Oh, chill. All you have to do is to play postman. You don't have to go to your cousin and give him a potion that might not work." The phial in her hand was shaken slightly to prove her point. "What the bloody hell is a postman?" "It's a muggle thing- man- never mind! Just wait for me until I get back, and then you can be on your way." A strong push against him sent him tripping towards the doors of the Great Hall. She was a lot stronger than he thought. He took a deep breath, and leant against the wall; wishing that he didn't sign up for this.