about that, gentlemen. I realized that I had forgotten to remind Lily to feed the cat before we left home this evening." Céline didn't even have a cat. "A likely story," said James, his eyes still focused on Lily. His eyes, she saw, were a rich hazel with flecks of green and gold scattered throughout, like valuable gems. "So are you ladies locals?" "I'm from Paris," Céline replied. "Lily here is a Briton, would you believe it?" "Really? Are you English as well?" James curiosity was piqued. Lily giggled, her face still red from Céline's jibe before. "I was born in England and my parents are English, but I was raised in the suburbs of Paris. I'll be attending school in Scotland this fall." "Oh really, " Sirius said, looking very interested. "Whereabouts in Scotland? What's the name of the school?" Lily immediately realized she had dug herself into a hole. "Oh uh…it's called…uh…" " Hogsworth Hall, " Céline interjected smoothly. Lily smiled at her gratefully. "I always have to remind Lily the name, you know, she's just so forgetful sometimes!" Céline smacked her arm playfully. "And what school do you go to now?" James looked skeptical. "Beauregard Academy in Lyons." Lily was impressed by Céline's quick thinking. "Hm." James looked like he was storing the names in the back of his mind for later research. "I'll look into it. I'm sure it's a terrific school. We also go to school in Scotland, outside of Inverness, so maybe I'll see you around, Lily." He looked into her eyes and smiled softly. The butterflies from earlier returned to her stomach, but before she could reply, the waiter returned to their table, bearing the soup that Céline must have ordered when she wasn't paying attention. "So where did you girls learn English so well?" James asked, sipping his wine as the girls began their soup. "Oh, it was a requirement at our school," Céline answered proudly. "They took language very seriously." "You know, I've never heard of this... Beauregard Academy. " Sirius said slyly. Lily caught James sending Sirius a cautioning look. "Sounds awful like another school in France that I've heard of before, but I think it's in Marseilles… " Lily's eyes widened slightly. Was he referring to Beauxbatons? "Not a surprise," Céline replied, not showing any traces of concern on her countenance. "It's a tiny school and most of France hasn't heard of it either. But the school has really high standards for learning and all that. It's a great place." As the main course came out, Lily and Céline continued chatting with the boys about Cannes. It was like catching up with old friends from years ago, and they put the girls so at ease, with their silly questions about French culture and life in Paris. Finally, after several courses of food, she and Lily had finally finished their meals, and the sun had gone down hours ago. "Well gentlemen," Céline stood up and stretched. "It was lovely to meet you, but Lily and I had better get going." She giggled. "Tonight's our last night together in France!" "Well," James smiled mischievously as Sirius settled the check with the waiter. "Sirius and I were actually wondering if you'd like to get a drink with us." "A drink?" Lily raised an eyebrow. "With you two?" "Why yes," James stepped closer to Lily and she realized that, despite her tall height, he still managed to exceed her—something that not a lot of men could do. She felt butterflies flitter in her stomach. "Unless you have any objections?" Lily and Céline looked at each other. "Hm. Can you give us a few good reasons why we should?" Céline asked nonchalantly, wrapping an arm around her redheaded friend and pulling her ever-so-slightly away from James. Discreetly as possible, she leaned in and whispered in Lily's ear, " Is this what you want to do? " Lily nodded almost imperceptibly, and Céline chortled. "So much for no boys," she muttered, and pulled away from Lily. Not noticing the brief interaction between Lily and Céline, Sirius drawled, " Well, one good reason, we'll buy you whatever you want." "Not to mention we're fun to drink with," James grinned, leaning back. "And we'll give you a night you'll never forget," Sirius finished with a seductive wink. Lily snickered. "Convincing. All right, you have a deal." "I'm ready for a night with the crazy British boys!" Céline exclaimed, grabbing her purse and headed for the door. "I know just the place for us!" "Crazy British boys?" Sirius countered with a playful glare as the group followed Céline to the door. "Try crazy French girls." "Crazy we may be, but you don't mind it," Lily shot back. She felt James's hand on her lower back, guiding her in front of him as they walked towards the exit, and her heartbeat raced. "I like crazy, don't you worry," James winked. "It works well on you, with that red hair you've got." He reached out and touched a lock of it, twirling it between his long fingers. "It fits that wild personality of yours." "I don't think you can handle my level of crazy, Monsieur Potter," Lily replied flirtatiously, as they stepped out into the night, and the oceanic wind pulled her hair out from between his fingers and allowed it to billow in the breeze. "Try me." A/N: For those who may have missed my previous post, I took down the original few chapters of this story and I'm in the process of revising it. It's still the same plot, but cleaned up a bit so I'm more satisfied with its quality. Well, that's chapter 1 for you all! I previously had this put together with the scene where they go to the bar (next chapter), but with revisions, I was concerned that it would be too lengthy for a first chapter. Let me know what you think! Love you all, and don't forget to review! -The Silent Rain