furious with thinned lips as if she was trying to contain herself. McGonagall looked away. The greasy haired man looked on impassively, none too bothered by the exchange and simply watching her with dark eyes. Something about this man made her curious and suspicious, she decided to do a background check on the Professor. Apparently, the three of them had a disagreement of sorts and her Head of House does not look pleased with the development. Albus Dumbledore looked back to her and smiled calmly, "I see. We were just checking because for our records we must we aware of the guardians of our students, in the event of an emergency" He said to her. 'Dragon dung' she thought internally but nodded dutifully. "What is the name of the orphanage you live in?" He asked. Poppy had some sort of a revelation. The man was looking for holes or an explanation. He knew something about her past... Albus Dumbledore knew something didn't add up. It would make sense. The man had been a Professor here for almost one hundred years. The older woman must have been teaching for quite a while as well. They knew something about her being abandoned as a child and the identity of her donors. Perhaps she resembled them in some way. Poppy had a choice here and the decision she made then was something she would come to regret years down the line when she was blind-sighted with the truth. Her uncle warned her ignorance was dangerous. Her papa told her that knowledge was power and without it you were weak. She should have listened to them. She decided not to inquire about her biological donors. The young girl didn't think she could handle it, to be truthful. She was emotionally fragile as it was, she didn't need anymore baggage. She didn't care who these people were that didn't want her. No she didn't. "Well I was dropped off at St James' Orphanage in Scotland in 1981 but I was adopted very soon after. Unfortunately it didn't stick and I was sent back into care but because I had moved down to London with that family, I went to Wools Orphanage instead" Poppy was fortunate she had background knowledge on this. Her almost year in different care homes and Orphanages before her papa took her in after her uncle died was something she would never likely forget. Curiously Albus Dumbledore's blue eyes flashed with something dangerous at the mention of the despicable place they dare to keep children but it was gone so fast she wasn't sure it was even there in the first place. He evidently didn't have a good opinion of the place. He must know of it well. Good. Albus Dumbledore paused noticeably at the revelation and then nodded before asking, "I see. Your letter was addressed to a small inn in Rothenburg, Germany. Forgive me for being so curious, my dear" He asked while watching her still. The old man was sharp as she expected. Truthfully she had hoped not to garner enough attention yet but it seems like luck was not on her side. The wizard didn't have cause to be suspicious of her yet and hopefully was softer on children. Poppy just smiled a childish grin before nodding her head swiftly, "Yeah, it was great! Because I'm still quite young I get fostered out a lot and the Marshall family was so great they took us on a holiday. Me and three other kids, it was great. Ben moaned that it wasn't a sun holiday but we were right next to the forest and it had unicorns in it. Sarah didn't believe me but she's muggle and I gave them all a big fright when an owl swooped in and dropped off the letter" Poppy giggled at the fabricated story. The adults seemed to believe her, after all, why would she make this up? Would they believe the truth that she had just run away from her papa and was travelling around to hide from him in different inns and hunting in the wilds in her animagus form before the letter arrived? No, probably not. Dumbledore nodded again, still curious but it seemed to have been sated for the moment. Poppy yawned then and McGonagall stood and spoke tersely, "I see, well I believe that's all we needed to know, Miss Stark. I will show you the way to your common room and dormitories. You will need to get a good rest tonight for classes tomorrow" Poppy nodded and waved tiredly to the other men in the room that watched her leave and she knew that she would be the topic of conversation as she left. The greasy haired man did not look pleased but was still impassive as she shuffled out the room with the Transfiguration Professor looming beside her. The Professor beside her was silent and provided her with the password to the common room which was lovely and showed her her new room which she shared with three other girls. That was bothersome but not too problematic. Poppy nodded sleepily as the Professor left her. The other girls curtains were drawn and were all hopefully deep in slumber for she had a lot to get done tonight. Poppy pulled her curtains for privacy before shifting silently into her animagus form. Her paws sunk uncomfortably in the mattress and she watched the room through her new advanced vision. Seeing through the bits of fabric covering the beds she noted that her roommates were asleep. Poppy used her abilities to turn herself invisible before creeping silently through the room to the wall facing the grounds. Closing her eyes and calling her magic she shifted into a wispy, light creature version of the flesh and blood animal she was before. She tried not to glow so brightly before she slipped through the wall and flew through the night, racing off into the dark. She had business to attend to.