the advanced vocabulary had flown right over their heads. Draco sent one last sneer about the compartment before shrugging and turning to leave. "Stay here. I'm just off to the loo." He ordered, leaving Crabbe and Goyle to munch candy while the Malfoy slid from the group of Slytherins and resumed his search for Potter. Without the pair of bodyguards hounding his every move the Malfoy quickly moved down the train. Draco made it to the last car before he was accosted by a pair of grinning Weasleys. "Why look here Gred." One chirped, elbowing his twin. "What's a cute, ickle firstie doing wandering about on his lonesome." "Just was wondering that meself." Gred replied, winking at Draco in an exaggerated motion. "Maybe he's lost, eh Forge?" Draco's immediate instinct was to bite out an insult at Twin Number One and Twin Number Two about their home, or their upbringing, or their family – preferably all three. But Potter was inordinately fond of his pet Weasels, so the Malfoy swallowed his barb and attempted to think of a passably polite reply. The blonde was still making a valiant effort at not insulting Weasleys when a third red-haired wizard stepped up from behind him and seized his brothers by the ears with a sharp twist. Fred and George swore at Percy as the older boy maneuvered them back into the compartment where Lee Jordan lounged one on of the seats. "I've got these two Malfoy." Percy sighed as he shoved the twins into the compartment. Blinking at the unexpected generosity of a Weasley – though Percy was going to be the brown-nose prefect – Draco just smirked as the compartment door slid shut, cutting off the twin surprised cries of "Malfoy?" Draco's pace slowed to a crawl as he slowly approached the rear of the train. Cold sweat broke out on the blond's palms as Draco tried and failed to distract himself by carefully observing the remainder of compartments. What if he screwed up? It wouldn't be the end of the world, but it would be a lot easier and safer to get Potter to get motivated if Draco was acting as his friend – or Merlin , not just acting as a friend, but actually being one. Then if he did succeed, he had no idea how he would reconcile Potter's interests and his family's interests. Draco loved his father, but that didn't make him unaware of the elder Malfoy's uncompromising personality and instinctive prejudice. Potter's views were about as proletarian as one could get – and there was little Lucius Malfoy hated so much as an uppity plebian with delusions of grandeur. Plus Potter was Dumbledore's man through and through, and to say Lucius was less than fond of Dumbledore was an understatement. Still, the easy part would be to get Dumbledore and Potter to shelter his family – the pair were a couple of bleeding hearts unlike anyone that Draco had ever known. The hard part would be getting his father, and to a lesser extent his mother, to agree to take the headmaster's protection. Far too quickly Draco found himself standing in front of the last pair of compartments. The one to the left of him was full of a gaggle of doltish Hufflepuffs, which left the one to the right for Potter and his favorite Weasley. Draco swallowed dryly, wiping the sweat from his palms off on his robes. The latch was cool under his fingertips, burnished brass worn ever so slightly at the touch of generations of wizards and witches bound for Hogwarts. It seemed the click was absurdly louder than any of the other sounds of locomotion and the faint hum of the chatter of children. The roll of wheels as the compartment slid open was a heaving screech – in Draco's mind at least. Weasley's freckles were the first thing to penetrate his mind, hypercharged synapses memorizing detail down to the spots as they shifted and twisted when Ron turned a quizzical blue stare at the intruder. Red. Had Weasley's hair always been so fucking red? Maybe. But it didn't matter. What mattered was - Potter. Shimmering emerald green stared back in a fine featured face. Faint planes revealing the future attractiveness that would come to entrance the opposite sex for Potter. Potter's clothes were far, far too baggy, clinging to bony shoulders and bony knees and Draco wondered how he'd ever ignored the implications of Potter dressing in a ragged size fit for a whale. The Potter's had a good deal of gold – and no proper family would send their child out in public with such hand me downs. Even Weasley's second hand clothes were decently sized for the impoverished boy. Pink lips were wet by a little pink tongue before forming into a faint "oh". A pitched "oh" that sent him stuttering as he shoved out a pale hand in greeting – the order was wrong. "I heard that H- that Potter was on the train." Draco grinned weakly at Potter, mastering his shock. "I guess that's you, is it?" Draco was still staring as Potter dragged one hand nervously through a messy mop of auburn strands and set the other fine boned hand in Draco's grip, grinning timidly back. "Yeah, that's me." He said. Potter had red hair. What the fuck? (AN): 7300 words. This was the first and possibly last Potterfic I'll write – the only chaptered one at least. And that's because as you see from the cliffie there that not only is this time travel, it's going to be pretty massively AU. Also, as you can see I didn't plan to change Draco too much too quickly. He still treats House Elves like slaves (even if he's not keen on torture). He still has some ingrained prejudices about muggles and the lower classes. He's still selfish and he's got a ways to go if he's actually going to reform into a more heroic sort of character.