teeth. After giving his cloak to an elf to give to Potter, he had firecalled the dumb dog to inform him of the results of his stupidity. "Why did you send her things? I thought you agreed that it was better for her to stop this." For a moment, Black had the decency to look guilty. "She said she had customers that she had to make outfits for or she'd have to pay them back. If she loves making the clothes… I don't want to take that away from her." "She is a child!" Severus snapped. "And you still fell for her trap! I am trying my best to be patient with her but—" "Dumbledore said he'd send her back to you," Black said worriedly. "If we can't work anything out by the end of the school year." "Lovely," Severus drawled. "Will you take her in?" Black laughed bitterly, causing the flames to flicker. "I'd never thought I'd see the day where I would want you to… But I want her to be safe. Even if you pretend to take her in and then she goes back to this hell hole with me." Never in all his years did he think Black would be asking him for a favor. He told himself that the only reason he cared was because of Lily. He was the reason she wasn't alive. He owed her everything. He would never betray Lily by sending Potter back. There was no way in hell that he'd voice those thoughts to Black though. He picked up a pitcher of water that was sitting on his desk and threw it into the fire. She returned with a giant black overcoat that had to be Snape's. It was late, and Neville wondered if they were arguing. Snape was still who Neville feared the most, and he found himself waiting for her. The dying fire made the Common Room dim, and Neville suddenly felt like a fool for waiting for her. A sad smile touched her lips. "Did you think he would eat me?" "No." He rose from his seat slowly, as if a queen had entered the room instead of June, the girl he was in love with and probably barely knew he existed. "You were talking to the sun weren't you?" June shrugged and forced the smile to no longer be sad. "I was a plant after all." The brown wig was still on, but the contacts and the body paint were gone, except for a few smudges here and there. Neville wondered if Snape made her scrub the paint off or threw some horrendous potion at her to remove it. June broke him from his thoughts about how horrible Snape was. "Are you coming up?" She was heading for her room, probably wondering why he was still standing in the dark like an idiot. He thought last year was his chance, and maybe it was. He simply blew it by doing nothing. And then a year went by. Was he going to let another? "You were asking it to feel alive weren't you?" She stopped at the stairs and turned around. As if curious, she titled her head to the side and raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?" He wondered if she would be any different if the wig was gone. He was almost desperately to know. "I…am not entirely sure." That made her grin. "But I know you better than you think." His words wiped the grin off her face. With all the getups and personas, he figured she didn't want anyone to know the real her. Then again, was she ever the real her? He thought she was going to be annoyed with him, but instead, she changed the subject. "Why'd you still dance with me? At the Yule Ball? I looked ridiculous." Her lipstick, eyeshadow, and even her eyelashes and hair had been pure white to match her dress. Malfoy was howling with laughter, saying she looked like a giant snowflake. She was very quiet and glided around the dance floor looking fragile, as if she could truly melt at any moment. Neville remembered thinking that his red face must be a stark contrast. But it wasn't out of embarrassment. "Because it meant being with you all night." They both spent a lot of time being laughed at, for entirely different reasons, of course. He for being himself and her for covering her true self up. Neville wondered if she knew who she truly was anymore. Her face fell. Perhaps she wanted him to say that she didn't look ridiculous. June was rather vain. It came with the lifestyle. "No one's ever said anything like that to me." Neville doubted that could be true. People adored her, and she had great friends. She was a celebrity. Everyone wanted a few stolen moments with her. "Do you remember?" she asked with a strange urgency. "Do you remember the last time you saw me without an outfit? Most don't." "It was second year." Neville remembered it was around the time people started accusing her of being the heir of Slytherin. She started to turn away at the vague answer, even though he was sure she couldn't remember almost three years ago either. "I was struggling through a Potions assignment." She froze. "It was due the next day, and I was so scared of handing it unfinished to Snape that I about to cry. You sat next to me, and even though you were rubbish at Potions too, you said we could work together. We were up all night and failed terribly but…" He hadn't even realized that she crossed the Common Room until her lips were on his. She continued kissing him as he sunk back onto the couch. June kneeled on his lap and didn't stop until he pulled off her wig. With a gasp, she pulled away with wide eyes. He wondered if she had ever felt so exposed. She kissed him again.