hard, harder than anytime before, and he was kissing her back, one hand on her waist, holding her close, the other rubbing her back, he had dropped his broom and he did not care, what he cared about was never ending that kiss, or terrible, terrible things would happen, and Fred didn't want that to happen, he didn't want it to stop - "- we couldn't fit in useless loser either - for his father, you know -" Fred reluctantly ended the kiss, and looked over at Malfoy. Carolyn blanched. Angeline grabbed Fred's arm at once, saying, "leave it, leave it Fred, let him yell, he's just sore he's lost, the jumped-up little -" "- But you like the Weasleys, don't you, Potter?" said Malfoy, sneering. "Spend holidays with them and everything, don't you? Can't see how you stand the stink, but I suppose when you've been dragged up by Muggles even the Weasleys' hovel smells okay -" I had to be helped by Angie, Katie and Alicia to stop Fred from pounding Malfoy to a pulp, and even I had a hard time stopping myself from punching him. Malfoy was laughing, laughing so hard that I wanted to break every bone in his body. Fred grabbed my wrist, attempting to push me away. "Carolyn, get out of the way, I'm telling you, I'm warning you -" snarled Fred in my face. I couldn't believe that this man was the same as the one I'd just been kissing- "Or perhaps," said Malfoy, leering as he backed away, "you can remember what your mother's house stank like, Potter, and Weasley's pigsty reminds you of it-" I saw Harry let George go, and both boys ran towards Malfoy and started punching, kicking, and hurting the little scumbag as much as possible. I made to go stop them, or at least try to, but Fred hadn't released his grip on my wrist. "If you go," he growled, "I will rip Malfoy limb - from - limb. You're the only thing that can keep me together," he said while Katie, Angie and Alicia howled "Harry! HARRY! GEORGE! NO! " I put my forehead against Fred's and put my free hand around his waist. Grunting, he pulled me closer to him, stil not letting go of my wrist. Suddenly, someone shot a spell at Harry and George, and I tried to look at them but Fred finally let go of my wrist and used his freed hand to grabbed my chin and make me look at him. A few weeks passed, easily, and happily, until a few days before the Christmas holidays. Emily and I stayed, of course, at Hogwarts, but when I woke up on Saturday, my sister came hurtling into my room, sobbing. I sprung up from my bed, catching her in my arms. "Em! Em! What's wrong?" I gasped, as she hugged my midsection tightly. "Ginny's gone! She's gone!" said Emily. My eyes widened. "What do you mean, she's gone?" "She left during the night, she didn't know for what reason. But I looked in the boy's dorm, and Ron, Harry, Fred and George are also gone!" My breathing stopped. Fred, gone? I couldn't live with that. Fred and Emily were the only people who kept me alive. I shuddered. "I suppose there was an emergency," I said, my brain whirring. Emily nodded, her face full of tears. I wiped her cheeks with the sleeve of my pyjamas, and slowly turned my sister towards the wooden door that she had left ajar earlier. We quietly walked down to breakfast, and sat down at the wooden table next to Angelina and Alicia. "What's wrong?" asked Alicia. I grimaced. "Looks like the Weasleys and Harry left early for the holidays," I said. Angelina stared at me."How are you coping?" "Oh, you know, I'm surviving," I shrugged. But Angie could see past my defences almost as well as Fred. Shaking her head, she reached out to me and hugged me tight, making soothing sounds. Behind us, Alicia hugged Emily as tightly as she could. It was a very hugging moment. We'd finished eating quite early, but Emily and I had decided to stay at the table as long as possible. And I'd done well to do so, for a small, round ball of fluff flew down toward me, and held out its leg to which was attached a letter. That was when I understood that the ball of feathers was actually an owl. I quickly took the letter off the owl and opened it. Dearest Carolyn, Don't worry, I'm fine. Harry, George, and Ginny are also dad is in St Mungo's, so Professor Dumbledore sent us quickly to one of our friend's house who lives near the hospital. I'll try and talk my mum and our friend into having you and Emily come spend Christmas with you. I can't bear being away from you, but my dad is kind of between life and death, so I can't leave. I wish I could, though. You know I do. Listen, if you can't come over, I'll try and come back to Hogwarts as soon as possible. I love you so much, Carolyn. I've never felt this way about anyone, trust me. Frederick Gideon Weasley. I sighed. I hoped Mr. Weasley was going to recover. I quickly turned the letter over and, Transfiguring my fork into a quill, I started scribbling an answer. Dear, dear Fred, I'm relieved. Emily came crying into my room this morning, because Ginny was gone. I hope your dad recovers rapidly, because even though I never met him, he so deserves to live. And do you know why? Because he made you. I love you, Fred, you have no idea how much. I hope I can come over to your friend's house with Emily. Yours now and forever more, Carolyn Thalia Selwyn. I quickly fastened the letter to the bird's leg and sent him off to wherever Fred was. I missed him dearly.