a gigantic statue of Gellert Grindelwald– Nurmengard' s founder. "Who are you?" the blond asked, and the softness in his voice surprised her. x.x.x Her name was Luna. She had lived here for quite some time – hallucinations were the reason for her stay. But due to good behaviour, she was allowed to help out in the library every now and then. ' This girl seems saner than most of the people here,' Draco thought and listened closely to what the blue-eyed blonde had to say. "I think I know whom you are looking for," she finally said and took Granger's hand. "If you promise not to tell, I'll show you." "We promise," they both replied unison and followed the girl dressed in a pair of unicorn-pyjamas. x.x.x "Whose place is this?" Hermione asked, wide eyed and shocked. The detective on her left was equally pale at seeing the room in front of them: A single bed, no windows, a shattered mirror on the other side, pillows torn apart with their feathers flying around, pages torn out of books, shelves broken and their wood spread all over the room. "It belongs Director Black's daughter," Luna explained in a dreamy voice. Hermione exchanged a glance with Draco. "She lives here? I thought she isn't a patient?" Luna played with a strand of her blonde hair. "Well, the Director says she doesn't need to be officially admitted to the hospital as long as she is under Ms. Black's watch." The detective raised an eyebrow and moved his eyes around the room once again. "Is that so?" The blonde dreamy girl nodded enthusiastically and while Hermione moved to closer into the room, the girl leaned in and whispered, "but you know, we all know that she's not saner than any of us. Especially after her boyfriend killed himself." Hermione bent down. "The boy killed himself?" she asked suspiciously and used a loose page of a book to pick up one of the shattered mirror fragments. She showed it to the Detective. "This could be part of our murder weapon." "A broken mirror piece?" She nodded. "The edges are incredibly sharp. It's enough to cut through human flesh and leave the marks we found on the victims." Grey eyes looked at her with new-found interest. "So, we found the murder weapon and we have a suspect. All we need now is a motive." Hermione felt her heart beating in her chest. "I think I already know the motive." x.x.x "Ms. Black, do you know where your daughter was last night?" Draco watched as the old woman shifted uncomfortably in her office chair. "I assume she was asleep." "I see." He watched Granger picking up a photograph from the desk. "This is your daughter with her boyfriend, right?" Druella nodded uncomfortably. "Yes, she met Tom Riddle when he got admitted to Nurmengard a couple of years ago." Grey eyes met hazel. "So, Tom was a patient here, too?" Ms. Black got up. "I wasn't very keen on this union, but Bella… well, she seemed so happy with him. Happier than I have ever seen her. Had I known what Tom was about to…" "You mean the suicide?" Black's eyes widened. "How did you – " "Doesn't matter," Draco interrupted. "Your daughter's mental state is much more unstable than you want people to believe, isn't it?" The old woman paled visibly; it was answer enough. "We need to find Bella." x.x.x Hermione's heart was beating heavily in her chest as she followed Draco into the old shed near Nurmengard's graveyard. It was dark, way past midnight, and she shivered. Druella was following closely behind them. Draco pushed the door open and pointed his gun straight at the person inside. The sight greeting them caused all their eyes to widen in horror. x.x.x There she stood, Bella Black, with her unruly black curls framing her face-a bloody mirror blade in her hand-bent over a wooden table, which was loaded with decomposed body parts. Draco moved closer to her–resisting the urge to vomit. Bella didn't even notice them. When she finally looked up, the wicked smile she flashed and the utmost joy that was written in her delusional eyes caused him to shiver. "I did it, Mummy! Soon, my Tommy will be all alive again! Look! He has seven parts! Oh, how he loved the number seven!" She was so lost-oblivious to reality-she didn't even notice the handcuffs he put around her wrists. Meanwhile, Granger had moved closer to the body parts; she looked positively appalled. "She dug him up," she whispered disgusted and hazel eyes met grey ones. "After they buried him, she opened his grave and cut of what was left of his body." Draco was sure he would puke any minute. "She used the victims' body parts to complete him. To rebuild her fiancé." She took a closer look before turning away for good–having seen enough of that horror. "Bella even sewed on Longbottom's and Filch's extremities as well as placed Ms. Weasley's organs and Ms. McGonagall's heart into Tom's body." Draco shivered, then pointed towards the cord that lead from Tom's lifeless head towards the shed's roof. "A lightning-bolt's energy was supposed to resurrect him." He met Hermione's eyes and shivered. Then he crossed the distance between them and put an arm around her. "Let's get some fresh air." x.x.x "What will happen to her?" Hermione asked once they were outside the door and pointed back towards Bella, who still stared at her dead fiancé's body as if he would wake up any minute. "She'll be locked up in another facility," Draco said with pity and smiled sadly. "As morbid as it sounds, let's give her a moment. I think– in this absolutely weird and twisted way –the girl has never been happier." The pretty pathologist nodded, enjoyed the fresh air and smiled at the Detective. "You know, you're not as bad as I thought, Malfoy." Draco smiled. "We make a good team, Granger."