as a Chaser along with Albus and James. She was as good as her uncle Harry (her dad was over the moon when she made the team) and won most of their games by she quick flying. Malfoy, though he fouled around a lot, was still one of the top students, he, like Rose, handed in every homework assignment and often did extra credited papers. Though how and when he did this was lost to Rose because she never saw him studying. But to say that they were as good as related angered Rose, and she really didn't know why. If she was being honest with herself, Malfoy all in all wasn't too bad and compared to some of the other students at Hogwarts he was a right gentleman but the fact that Malfoy felt it was his duty to protect Rose did not sit well with her. It was one thing to have her family 'protecting' her but Malfoy wasn't related to her, he wasn't even her friend. Rose hated Malfoy, had since first year, and Rose had always thought he hated her right back. Now he thought that he had to protect Rose, to rescue her. It made no sense. She didn't need a knight in shining armour, she didn't need someone to rescue her. She needed someone that she could talk to and who would listen, someone that would treat her right, someone that would make her laugh and smile after a long day, someone that would give her flowers or open a door for her, someone who she could trust and count on to have her back, someone that cared whether she was happy or sad. Someone that she could love and be loved back. And that someone was definitely not Scorpius Malfoy. "Malfoy I'm going to say this once," Rose said coldly after she had got her head around what he had said. "I tolerate you because of my cousin's nothing else. You are not apart of my family, no matter who your mates with. You can come over for Christmas and summer break like always but you are a guest, not family or even a friend to me. I don't need or want you to protect me, I have family and friends that do that and since you are neither I would appreciate it if you just leave me alone." Malfoy looked down at Rose for a long moment, his grey eyes sparkling in a way Rose had never seen and a soft smile formed on his lips, replacing his usual smirk. Finally, in a soft voice he said "Love, there's more to family than just blood" Before Rose could even think of something to say to that remark, the hall was filled with a loud bang type sound and Rose, having patrolled the halls many times before, knew that it was that large grandfather clock the hung on the wall in the next corridor over. For some reason, all of them stayed silent as the clock ticked off the hour, looking down the hall as the sound echoed off the walls with loud bangs. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. But Rose never hear the twelfth tick of the clock because in that instant the hall filled with a blinding white light and Rose felt a sharp stab of pain in her chest, right where her heart was. She let out a scream of pain at the same moment someone else let out a cry of agony and the next thing she knows her feet are leaving the ground. Rose's eyes seemed to be glued shut, she couldn't open them to see what was happening around her. As she slowly floated upwards all she was aware of was the pain that was quickly spreading from the spot on her chest and moving all over her body. Rose thought she heard someone yelling her name but the pain seemed to dull all her senses and she couldn't hear or move or even think. Her body felt as stiff as a rod and she felt her heavy cloak slip from her shoulder and the cold night air rush to surround her body through the thin fabric of her school robes. Then a weird sensation came over Rose, it felt as if a part of her had suddenly left her body. Like the part that keep her heart beating and her mind working was suddenly gone but still there somehow. It was like she was leaving her body but she could still feel her body, could still feel the cold surrounding her but it was dimmed as she moved further away. The last thing Rose felt as her world started to fade was a warm hand covering her own hand, holding on tight and Rose found herself gripping the hand just as tightly. It felt as if it would be alright if only she held this warm soft hand in her own, so doing the only thing she could, Rose gripped the hand with all her might, holding tight as another, stronger, wave of pain swept over her and even as she screamed she felt herself starting to give into it, felt herself slipping away as the pain overwhelmed her. Then her world abruptly went black. Hey, guys. I hope you liked this first chapter, I've had this idea for a long time and have finally decided to post it and see what you all think. In the next chapter, I'll explain everything and this will make more sense but for now, I hope you liked the beginning of my new story. This is my first Harry Potter FanFiction so I hope this turns out well. I'll be updating every Friday or Saturday, I haven't decided yet but I'll let you know. I hope you liked it and PLEASE PLEASE Review and tell me what you think, I love hearing your feedback on what you think. Until next time. Bye! Cara