McKeester, fists clenched and murderous intent in his stormy grey eyes. Remus and James were quick to react and they swiftly grabbed one of Sirius' arms each, hauling the disowned Black back. Sirius huffed and struggled against their grip, his eyes never leaving McKeester's smug face. He had only been less than a metre away from McKeester before he was dragged back. "Sirius, don't," Remus said quietly into the Animagus' ear. "Please. It's not worth it." Sirius stopped struggling against the other Gryffindor's grip but his anger remained. His fists and jaw were still clenched, and James and Remus kept their hold on him. "Please don't do this," Remus pleaded quietly and Sirius turned to him. The Animagus stared at him for a long moment and, when he saw Remus' gentle and pleading expression, his body relaxed. He trembled with anger and the tension was still there, but he had calmed down a bit, at least. McKeester laughed loudly and regained the attentions of the trio before him. "Wow," he said, his eyebrows raised. "Is that why you're angry, Black? Because your boyfriend's been playing away?" he teased. "Or maybe it's because he hasn't give it away to you? Jealous everyone else has had a piece and he won't give you a go?" Sirius struggled against the iron-like grips again and almost escaped to lunge at the Ravenclaw, only to be restrained at the last minute. Remus, with pure werewolf strength and James' help, managed to hold Sirius back. "Shut the fuck up!" Sirius shouted as he struggled against his friends. "Sirius, stop," James said, holding onto Sirius hard; Sirius continued struggling (but it had simmered down a lot) and continued glare at the blond Ravenclaw. "What is wrong with you, Drew?" Remus asked loudly as he sent a glare towards his ex. "You know what, maybe I am a whore," he said lowering his voice to a normal level. Sirius stopped struggling against them and turned his head to look at Remus, a small frown gracing the Black's aristocratic features. Remus avoided looking his friend in the eye and kept his eyes on the wizard across from him. "But, that doesn't mean I did anything bad," he continued. "I didn't. I'm not a bad person…I'm not," he finished quietly. He wasn't a bad person; he knew he wasn't. Just because of his past exploits, he was to be condemned to be known as a whore? Fine. But he hadn't done anything bad or illegal or even immoral. All he had done was make other people (and himself) feel good. That wasn't a crime, from what he knew. If 'whore' was the name he was to be given, then fine . He had been called many things over the years, this was just a new thing to add to the ever-growing list. Remus looked at his friends, pleading for some sort of understanding. James and Lily looked accepting, non-judgemental; Peter looked supportive and ready to jump in, should the trio need his help; and Sirius looked back at him with a soft expression. "You're not a bad person, Moony," Sirius said so quietly that only Remus could hear. "No one could ever think that." Remus sent a small smile to each of them, his gaze lingering on Sirius for a moment, before he looked back at McKeester, feeling more confident now that he knew he definitely had his friend's undivided support. "Drew, it's over," he said, repeating the words that had started all of this. This whole situation had started just because McKeester was bad with rejection, Remus realised. He had just wanted a clean and amicable break – like most of his past breakups – but the Ravenclaw had a shitty way of dealing with it. McKeester had dealt with it by calling him names and outing his sexual history, and making a scene in front of the student population. Honestly, it was kind of pathetic. Remus knew that this incident would circulate around the school. He could only hope that it lasted a short amount of time and some new gossip overpowered it. Turning to Sirius, he looked the Animagus in the eye earnestly. "Sirius, I'm going to let go of you now," he said softly, wishing for Sirius to understand what he was really saying: please don't attack him and leave with me now . Sirius stared at him for a long while, conflicting thoughts behind the grey depths. Eventually, he nodded (reluctantly) and sent one last menacing glare to McKeester. Remus looked over to James who nodded, silently agreeing that Sirius wasn't going to do anything. Seconds later, James and Remus released the ex-Black, their hands hovering next to Sirius (just in case). Sirius shrugged them off and stood up straight, looking back at Remus. He nodded almost imperceptibly and Remus finally looked away from the Animagus to glance around the gathered group. He stepped back from his friends and ex, and turned towards the castle. The crowd parted to allow him through and he began walking up the hill towards the castle. James and Sirius stood there and watched as Remus walked through the narrow path created by the students, everyone else watching the Gryffindor leave as well. Lily and Peter quickly moved to stand with James and Sirius before they all, together, followed Remus up to the castle, glaring back at McKeester. "Show's over," Remus stated quietly as his friends caught up with him. He knew for sure that people would be talking and his sexual past would spread around the school like wildfire, but as long had he had his friends intact and not judging him, he knew he would be fine. NOTE: I have written a sort-of sequel (though, it's not finished yet) and will be uploading it soon. Written on 13.07.16 & 23/24.02.17 WordToTheWise: slut-shaming is bad and you shouldn't judge people just because of their actions. Their body, their lives, their choice. Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoyed it! =)