giving him a long, hard stare. Theo couldn't meet his eyes, and after an awkward moment, he started to walk away. Ginny didn't know quite what to say once he was gone. For all she knew, she might be in just as much danger as before. Malfoy might have saved her from the other boy only because he wanted her for himself. Ginny didn't trust Theo Nott nearly as far as she could throw him with a dragon tied on, but he might be right when it came to those warnings about Malfoy's intentions towards her. She tensed. Whether anyone could hear her or not, she was going to scream; whether it did any good or not, she was going to fight. "I wouldn't make any noise if I were you," said Draco Malfoy, breaking into her furious thoughts. "Because it won't bring help?" she demanded, eyes blazing up at him. He was crouched in front of her now, a hand on her shoulder, pushing her down towards the ground, and she readied herself for an attack. One corner of his mouth quirked up. "Well, it won't, but that's not why I'm advising you not to do it. We don't know if any of Theo Nott's little friends are lurking in the background, or any other spy for the Carrows. Many of them would love nothing more than to get you into trouble. Surely you don't want that?" No, she didn't want that, and quite truthfully she shook her head no. Amicus Carrow had brought her in for private detentions more than once already. While nothing had ever actually happened beyond scouring cauldrons and scrubbing floors, he always seemed to be hovering over her when she least expected it, his small, piggy eyes shining, his gaze glued to glimpses of her bare arms and legs. The last thing she wanted was to trigger another one of those episodes. "Then let's sit here quietly for a bit, Weasley," said Malfoy. She stared straight ahead, all too aware of his presence only a few feet away from her. He seemed to be more present than other people, somehow, impossible to ignore, his skin radiating warmth even at this distance, his pale hair shining in the late afternoon sunlight, the scent of chocolate radiating from some indefinable source that seemed to be a part of him. He made her edgy, made it feel impossible to just sit silently. "So I suppose this means that you're going to let me go?" she asked. Malfoy shook his head, the slight half-smile still on his lips. "Not at this moment. But yes, I'll let you return to Gryffindor Tower as soon as we can be reasonably sure that you weren't followed by anyone else." Ginny was suddenly afraid that he was going to ask what she'd been doing behind the abandoned greenhouses in the first place, so she said the first thing that popped into her head. "Thanks, Malfoy. For keeping Theo Nott off me, I mean." His silvery eyes narrowed at her words. "Has he been bothering you, Weasley?" "Er, not really. A bit, I suppose." "He makes you nervous, though, doesn't he?" She squirmed. She hated feeling nervous or scared, and hated admitting to those emotions even more. "It's just that I never really know what he might do." Malfoy's pale hand clenched into a fist, although he didn't seem aware of it. "He won't do anything now," he muttered. "I'll warn him off. You don't need to worry about that." "By telling him that you want me for yourself, so he'd better clear off?" Ginny asked acidly. She regretted the question before she'd even finished asking it. "If necessary," Malfoy said softly. He rose to his feet and extended a hand. After a reluctant moment, she took it. His skin really did feel warm, shockingly so, especially because she'd be sure he would feel as cold as a snake. He was trembling just the faintest bit, or was that only her imagination? She wasn't feeling too steady herself. "Be careful, Weasley," he went on. "I'll do the best I can to help you. But I'm not the most dangerous player in this game, not by a long shot." She stood and looked after his tall, straight figure for a long time, She didn't know what had shocked her most—that he had said he would help her, that he actually had helped her, or that his skin had felt so warm against hers. Not that any of it meant anything, except that maybe he was interested in her for the same reasons as Theo Nott but was rather more subtle about it. Ginny blushed at the thought, sure that she had to be wrong. Their families had hated each other since before Atlantis sank into the sea. Malfoy had his pick of girls, from what she'd always heard, and she would have been willing to bet he preferred experienced partners—the pretty, sultry Pansy Parkinson, the cheerfully debauched Millicent Bulstrode. Well, maybe he just hated Nott. She'd always heard that he and Malfoy thoroughly disliked each other. So Malfoy wasn't about to let the other boy have something he wanted, and that something was Ginny. But even if it was no more than that… The enemy of my enemy is my friend , thought Ginny. Maybe it didn't matter why Draco Malfoy was helping her, as long as he actually did. Or at least, it shouldn't matter. PB's Prompt (2#) Basic premise: Magic is somehow revealed to the muggle world! Purebloods are being captured for "scientific" purposes. Survival begins! It can be either canon-friendly or completely AU. Must haves: Mischiveous!Draco; Cunning!Ginny. A turbulent, intense romance. Blood, action and passion! No-no's: Any of them dying, Draco calling her "Ginny" (ugh), any of them married/ with children. Rating range: T - M [NC 17] Bonus points: sexy times! If you don't feel like writing raw smut, it can be "suggested" as well, just as you feel comfortable.