until he recalled that in the future Sirius Black was also inclined that way, and so any disgust brought upon Severus would also be brought upon Black. He and Lily once more were Sluggy's favourite potions pair, and he would not stop lathering them with praise. It was quite despicable. Unfortunately, as their friendship progressed, so did Lily and Potter's relationship. As Lily deemed Potter's attitude much more amenable, and had never had a complaint against his looks (Severus agreed, much to his own disgust) one day, to Potter's delight and shock, she agreed to go on a date with him. Potter could be heard hollering up and down the corridors in celebration for hours. Severus also heard back from the many institutions he had contacted. Almost all of them demanded he supply them with potions, as obviously they were superior, and wanted his details so they could pay him. He set up an account with the goblins, and they were willing to provide an untraceable false name: Maxwell Smith. He replied, with payment details, and explained he would require a deposit for any large orders. He received several, and used it to purchase the ingredients, and so he began to brew once more. He also worked upon the Wolfsbane Potion. He had brewed it several times, however couldn't remember the exact specifications, much to his frustration. He spent many hours experimenting with it. His greatest delight, however, was that he had found Ravenclaw's diadem. The Grey Lady, ghost of Ravenclaw tower and daughter of Rowena herself, had divulged her secret. Of course that only confirmed his suspicious. However, he had quizzed the house elves on the best place to hide an item within Hogwarts. (Because typically Voldemort would find it amusing to hide something beneath Albus' nose. It disgusted him how similarly they thought.) The elves had shown him the room of come and go. He paced before it. I need a room that contains Tom Riddle's horcrux. He thought, and so the door appeared. On a stool sat the diadem. He dared not touch it. Horcruxes were notoriously difficult to destroy. But he had it. He knew that basilisk venom would kill it, but he had none to hand, and he was unwilling to venture into the bowls of the school in order to battle one. They had allegedly been extinct for hundreds of years and so he could not purchase any either. So his next foray to the library was research into the most dangerous substances a person could get their hands upon. Fiendfyre was one such substance, but he was terrified to attempt it. However, it led him to a theory. If basilisk venom was a water element, fiendfyre was obviously a fire element, then there were two other ways, earth and air, to destroy the horcrux. It seemed ridiculous, but often magic worked in ways like this. Tonight, though, he allowed himself the time off. He had spent almost every waking hour in the library, and was beginning to feel the strain upon his body. His younger self was far more resilient than he remembered, but he wasn't indestructible. He had improved himself though, from the pale runt of a boy he'd been before. Although he hated the thought of it, he'd forced himself to exercise three times a week, running around the grounds where no one could find him, and it had significantly changed the body he had remembered. It was an exercise regime he had started in his late twenties, suggested by a muggle counsellor when he'd had suicidal thoughts, and one that he'd kept to even now. Admittedly, it helped. He relaxed in the common room, as much as one could relax in the presence of fellow snakes, a book on animagus transformations upon his lap. If Sirius Black, James Potter and, of all people, Peter Pettigrew had achieved it then he certainly could. He was reading for pleasure, and interest, rather than research. He and Lily had matching watches that he'd charmed in a similar manner to Granger's charmed coins, not that he'd ever admit it, that informed him if she wanted to meet. She'd change the time upon the watch, and it would warm against his wrist. To acknowledge, he'd simply change it back to the currently time. It became a solid source of amusement, Snape's inability to own a watch that kept time. Idiots. Sadly she'd not changed the time today, suggesting she was far too busy flirting with Potter. He shuddered to think of it. He returned the book to his trunk, which was warded more than any Hogwarts student could hope to break through and set out for a walk. It was past curfew, but he knew the castle like the back of his hand. Better, to be honest. He was walking along a fifth floor corridor when he heard footsteps. He slipped into a hidden passage, protected by a portrait that few knew the password to, and pressed himself up against a wall. Unfortunately, instead of a wall, there was already somebody else there. The person gasped, or tried to, but Severus snapped his hand up to cover their mouth. They were pressed together, limb to limb as whoever was hidden raised hand to place on top of his. The footsteps echoed, getting louder and louder, until they passed and eventually faded away. Their hearts thudded together as they waited for absolute silence, then Severus pulled back. "My apologies. I believed this passage to be empty." He said silkily. "Snape?" Hissed a disgustingly familiar voice. He allowed himself to be thrown out of the passage, and onto the corridor floor. He looked up at Sirius Black, as sinfully pretty as he remembered. He closed his eyes, just for a moment, then stood. "Sorry." He said, and walked away. Black's jinx bounced off the shield he'd generated, and into a wall. He turned. Black stood there unashamed. He snorted, and walked back to the common room. Imbecile.