discover one while reliving his farce of a trail for what seemed like the millionth time. He had been studying the memory, more specifically the crowds, to learn who had agreed with him and who had been against him. Sadly, it seemed pretty much everyone believed him to be guilty, he did notice that a few people he knew weren't in attendance. Harry was just about finished with his studying of his court case when he spotted someone who did seem to be on his side. Of course he remembered her, although she had been three to four years older than the last time he had seen her. It had warmed his heart, albeit slightly, that she was crying for him. What really shocked him was when he heard her whisper her vow to help him get his revenge, and then the brief white flash, that went unnoticed, of magic accepting her vow. It seemed that when he finally managed to escape from here he would need to take a trip to France. Thanks to magic herself, he knew that he would have one person he could count on. A year after he started his quest for revenge, he had finally created impressive Occlumency shields. He was able to block out a bit of the effects of the Dementors, not enough to spare him from his nightmares, but enough to keep his sanity and drive for revenge. He had also started getting the hang of Legilimency, he was able to slip into the weaker minded Aurors undetected, but not those who had basic shields up. He had also managed partial transformation during his animagus training. He was now very proficient at wandless summoning and banishing charms. After another six months, he was getting very close to completing his first full transformation. His Occlumency shields and barriers were now getting superb, he was probably now one of the top Occlumens in the country. His skills at Legilimency had also greatly improved. He was now able to slip inside of any of the guards minds completely unnoticed. Of course this had the added benefit of gaining knowledge of the outside world. From what he could gather, wizarding Britain had pretty much went back to the way it had been before Voldemort had taken over. It seems the wizarding world had wizened up some, although from what he could tell, pure-blood bigotry still reigned supreme in England. Harry had continued to master his Occlumency and Legilimency training for the next six months, he was soon able to almost completely block out the effects of the Dementors and he was even able to keep up passive Legilimency scans that would alert him when he was being lied too. He had also perfected the two wandless spells he could use, although he had not been able to get any others to work, although he was able to sustain a very powerful aura. It was only a week ago when he had finally managed to fully transform into what he assumed was a twelve foot Python. He was dark green, almost black, with slightly lighter green patterns all down the length of him. He was pretty awesome looking if he had to say so. He had spent the last week, making sure he had perfected his transformation and could now change back and forth at ease. It had been weird at first getting used to slithering on the ground and 'tasting' his surroundings with his forked tongue. Harry was currently sitting in his cell getting ready to make his break for it. He had managed to learn that it was mid-June from one of the guards the other day, so he now knew he had been in this hell hole for just over 37 months. He was going to make his break during the middle of the night, the same as Sirius had done before him. But for now he had some time, and he was going to use it to get as much sleep as he could because he had a long journey left ahead of him. Harry awoke to total darkness outside. If he had to guess it was after 2am. The perfect time for him to make his escape. He transformed and, sticking to the shadows, made his way from the top floor, maximum security section of Azkaban, down to the bottom floor, lower security cells. It was these cells that had he would make his escape from. Slowly, so as to not wake the occupant of cell number 13, he slythered his way across the floor, raising his head up and between the bars on number 13's small window. The bars were spaced just far enough apart he was able to slip all the way between them and out onto the rocky ground outside of the prison. He knew his first stop had to be to get his hands on a wand, and he knew where two wands just happened to lay hidden. He made his way to the shoreline, headed in the direction of Hogwarts. He would need to get far away from the prison and as fast as he could. He figured he only had around six hours before the guards discovered him missing. He never looked back at the prison as he swam across the North Sea, headed for the mainland. The only thing he had on his mind was the revenge he was going to enact on the wizarding world, and how he wouldn't rest until he had crushed them underfoot. Edited: December 19, 2013 AN: I made a few small changes to the story to help with the flow and clarity of the story. I have also made it so that Harry was in Azkaban for three years instead of two. The only other change to this chapter was the Animagus form. I wanted to go with a larger and not poisonous snake for his form and have made him a Python/Constrictor instead of a Black Mamba.