the newborn Dumbledore's head. "I just filled up his head with memories, a purpose in life, and a few different mental tics. The last fae guy you had, he got stuck in a bit of 'Greater Good' loop. Always ranting and raving about it while actually being little more than a cartoon villain with little actual magical power. What a dweeb." "He also stole my money," Harry said, reminding himself of the conversation that started this whole mess. "No, Harry, I did." "You did? Why?" "Harry," he said, putting his arm on Harry's shoulder. "Let me just say the story involves one part Space Vegas, one part Hangover, and three parts memory wipes. Needless to say, worth it." "But that was my whole vault! Gone! My entirely family's net worth!" "Harry, those were Earth galleons. You can only use them up here as tokens for slot machines. Don't worry, you and me, we're gonna do great things, we're gonna make the world a better place, and you're gonna be rich. Yep. We're gonna be rich. I'm gonna be rich." "Wait, didn't the Weasleys get the money too?" Harry asked. "Duh, why do you think I said three parts memory wipes? Take it from me, kid, Percy knows how to party. We got so messed up, I think we destroyed an entire star system." "An entire star system?" "Yes, Harry, but that's neither here nor there. In fact, I don't even think it exists anymore in this universe, so, no harm no foul," he shrugged. "This is heavy," Harry said, looking down at the still sleeping Dumbledore. "Now, I should probably portal this baby back down to Hogwarts, and meanwhile, you and I have things to take care of Gronian Nine." As Dumbledore whipped out his wand to open a new portal, Harry held up his arms. "Wait, won't people notice I'm missing? I don't want to fail Snape's class, or any of my classes." "Hmm, good point Harry. People might think you were kidnapped or something. You're kind of their Wizard Jesus down there. Not that you mind, you must be slaying all kinds of mad pus-say, am I right?" Dumbledore asked, putting away his wand and moving to high five Harry. Harry could only mumble and look down further at the ground. He didn't want to admit he was a virgin. "Oh, geez kid, I'm sorry. If it's any consolation, Ron has only slept with the third hottest female in the galaxy. Now, as for the case of the missing Harry Potter—BEE MAN!" he yelled at the bee person. "Yeah, can I get this kid humanized? Oh, and his parents too. Put it on my account. Thanks." Harry was still processing the fact that Ron had apparently slept with the third hottest woman—in the whole galaxy—when he noticed that the big blob had birthed out another three eggs. From the first one emerged a mirror copy of himself, complete with all the same bits and pieces only with slightly redder hair. From the other two emerged specters he hadn't seen since his duel with Voldemort a few months back. "Mom? Dad?" Harry said, stepping forward ever so slightly. They looked so real, so much like the Lily and James he had seen in spectral form during his duel with the Dark Lord. Beyond the fact they were as naked as the other Harry was, Harry could feel the tears welling in his eyes. He could finally have it, he could finally have what the Erised mirror showed him all the way back in first year. He'd no longer have to live with smelly Petunia or idiot Vernon. He'd be back home, with his real parents. "Harry, meet Danny Potter, the real boy who lived," Dumbledore said with a tiny burp. "What?" Harry asked, stirred from his reverie at last. "Check it out," he zapped each of them with similar blue lights. "So, James and Lily Potter had a set of twins, you and Danny over here. When Voldemort got told the prophecy, he went after you four, but didn't realize, he was going after a set of decoys. Only, James, Lily, and you were in a safe place, away from Godric's, with Danny here, left behind as bait. Whompa-lompa-lomp-do, and the decoys died, but the female decoy sacrificed herself to save Danny, making him the boy who lived. As his life was still in danger, as well as his parents', I gave you the fake scar you have now, and pulled you off as the boy who lived to keep them safe. "They've been living a normal life away from everyone, but with Voldemort's return, they've decided that enough's enough, and now they're out of hiding. Danny's going to start attending Hogwarts. Oh, and your brother and parents hate you, think you stole the limelight and think you're as bad as Voldemort." "But…" Harry said, seeing his dream crushed before him. "Relax Harry, these aren't your real parents. These are slug-birthed quasi-humans. See, watch," Dumbledore said. Harry didn't even notice the gun being conjured as Dumbledore put it up against Mom's head and pulled the trigger. Harry couldn't help but squeal. "Harry, relax. Look, look at the brain matter." When Harry didn't look, he felt a pressure at the back of his neck forcing him to look. "See Harry? It's green stuff. Human brain matter is pink. BEE-MAN! Another of the woman, same account, thanks." "How does this fix me missing school?" Harry said, still horrified. "It doesn't Harry, but at least Wizard Jesus doesn't fail Potions, am I right?" With a swish and flick, the four blob bodies were clothed, including his fake blob mother, recently rebirthed. Dumbledore then pushed the four into a portal, sending them hurtling back to Earth, before opening another portal to another place. "C'mon Harry, Gronian awaits." Realizing that he'd be stranded on the moon without Dumbledore to help, he followed him through the portal, wishing that he'd wake up from this nightmare.