raising to become authoritative. "Word on the grape vine is there's a party happening tonight. While I don't usually condone parties in this case... I think it'll do you some good. Ask around, have some fun for once hmm?" His tone lightened. Oh if only you knew, Lily thought. The perfect Lily Evans had once snuck out to attend a party and her father was still none the wiser about it years on. It had been after getting home in 5th year. The year that Severus had called her that word. She'd done it just to spite him knowing that he would be there. She had even taken Remus Lupin with her for moral support and despite everything ended up actually enjoying herself a little. It was her and Remus's unspoken secret with one another. "I'll see." Lily sighed coming back from her memories. "Okay love, see you later. I'll be home late. I love you Lils" "Love you too Dad." She smiled. "Padfoot please... I know you love this muggle band but please I beg you stop singing!" James hissed. "It's Fleetwood Mac Prongs! They're top of the charts." Sirius protested. "I swear Padfoot you repeat another line of lyrics before we get to that party and I will take great pleasure in stunning you" James told his friend, his voice laced with annoyance. "Fine, we should have named you moody." He scoffed. "You've sung 'Don't stop' at least 4 times now!" The boys were dressed and ready for what they hoped would be a raging muggle party. It wouldn't be the first one that they had been to but it would be the first in an abandoned warehouse. They locked their room and tried to avoid the prying eyes of the hotel owner as they headed in the direction of Scannel Street. Now it was just a matter of finding which factory would be hosting tonight's festivities. It didn't take long, before long they found a trail of people slipping into a factory towards the southern end of the street. "Name..." A big guy on the door asked. He could have been part troll if you asked James, especially with that ugly mug. "Oh hi, we're new in town. I'm James and this is my friend Sirius." James said trying to be polite and stretching out his hand. "What kinda fucked up name is that?" Sirius let out a small growl from the bottom of his throat. "His parents were hippies, can't blame the fella now can we? So are we in or..." James asked trying to push Sirius inside. "You're not on the list. No name no entry. No outsiders." The big guy grumbled. "Come on mate, we're just looking for a bit of fun. What's the harm in it? We were recommended this by a friend. Said your parties are to die for" Okay now Sirius was exaggerating a little but hey they wanted in, there was nothing better to do. The door goon raised an eye brow. "How do I know you ain't no pig's snitch? We don't like cops." "Dude you're talking to the guys who earned themselves a month worth of detentions for sticking a firecracker in a boys' bathroom. We aren't angles" Sirius butted in. The troll seemed impressed, he waved them in. "We're in Prongs!" Sirius yelled gleefully. Lily couldn't believe she was doing this again, only this time she was doing it with her father's permission. She gazed at her reflection in the mirror judging with what she wearing; a short tie dyed dress and strapped golden sandals. Not too bad she thought, party-ish yet not too slutty. "You look smashing baby girl" Her father's voice startled her from behind. "Merlin Dad! You scared me!" She squealed, jumping out of her skin. "Sorry sweetheart. Anyway, you're going to knock 'em all dead... Just don't bring any of them home alright?" He smiled. Lily scoffed her dad was such a goof ball. "No worries on that front dad" "Got your eyes on a Hogwartian hmm?" He hummed. "No dad, there is not Hogwarts boy, thank you very much." "What about..." Lily knew how he was going to finish that sentence and she wasn't happy about it. Ever since she had let slip about the annoying James bloody Potter he'd used it against her. "Don't you dare finish that sentence" She scowled at him, he laughed. "Alright sweetheart. Be home at a decent hour, you still have work tomorrow." "I will Daddy." She kissed his cheek and left the house, into the cool summer's air. The party was in full swing, unfortunately James did have to endure another round of 'Don't Stop' by Fleetwood Mac but hey it was a muggle party, thus muggle music. He lost Sirius to a crowd of girls within the first half an hour. Not that he was that bothered by that fact he was quite happy to wander around by himself. He danced with a couple of girls that took an interest in him but none of them really tickled his fancy. They were no muggle-born fiery red head with a flower for a name. James was very much enjoying himself and he wasn't even drunk yet. He'd only had a couple of drinks... that is until Sirius came running over with a panicked look in his eyes. "Oh Padfoot what have you done now?" James asked exasperatedly. "Remember the red hair from the motel?" He panted "The one with the nice arse that I never actually saw? Yes" James replied "I found her" Sirius said in a panicked tone "Good for you Padfoot." James congratulated him, rolling his eyes. "No... It's not good Prongs" He said shaking his head. "Why she not as pretty as you thought? Too old for you?" James teased him suddenly finding the whole situation amusing. "No it's not that. She's fucking gorgeous. You'll probably kill me later for saying that." Sirius admitted "Why?" "Because the girl... the girl is Evans"