he forgot. After he finished explaining Hermione looked incredulous. "Harry, do you really believe her? This whole thing sounds ridiculous." "I agree Hermione, but at the same time it sounds too weird not to be true. Also," he then looked slightly embarrassed. "She told me some things that made me believe her." "Like what?" He shrugged and looked away. "I…can't tell you." Rose looked at him. "You're going to have to tell her sometime if you want to stop my timeline from happening. But it's okay because I knew my mum wouldn't be so easy to convince. So I'll convince you. Mum, would get me paper and a pen please?" once she had them, she wrote down her mother's feelings for Harry and the exact moment when she realized them. Something only she would ever know. When Hermione read what she wrote she let out a gasp. "How could you know that?" "Because you told me three years ago," Rose answered. "Well three years in my time." She bit her lip. "This is all so strange…" Harry stood up and put his hand on her shoulder. "Hermione it's going to be okay. Together we're going to make sure this doesn't happen. I promise." Hermione reached her hand up and held Harry's. Then she turned to Rose. "Can you tell me more about our sixth year? When exactly do we drink the love potion? And how does it affect us?" "I can't tell you exactly when you were given it because your older self never knew. But you did think it was near the end of the summer when you were with the Weasleys," Rose told her. "I can tell you how it affected you though because you acted drastically different, mum." "I did—I mean I do?" Rose nodded. "I believe you may have been given more than just a love potion. While Harry's forced him to fall in love with my aunt Ginny, that was it. You on the other hand started distancing yourself from Harry. You got mad at him for reading a book and cheated in Quidditch just to help Ron." "What? That's ridiculous!" Hermione said not believing a word. "You get mad at Ron when he gets a girlfriend," Rose continues. "But you take all your anger out on Harry. You become so desperate to get Ron's attention you go on a date with a git almost as bad as Malfoy just to make him jealous." "What do you take me for?" Hermione yelled getting red in the face. "I am not that shallow! And I would never hurt Harry like that!" "Hermione calm down!" Harry said. "No Harry!" She looked over at him. "This is serious!" "I know, but you're hurting me!" Hermione looked down to see she was squeezing Harry's hand as hard as she could. She immediately let go. "Oh I'm so sorry Harry!" "It's okay," he said, rubbing his red hand. "But I think now we both understand how serious this is." Hermione took a deep breath and then went over to Rose and gave her a hug. Rose looked surprised but then hugged her back. "I am so sorry you had to live like that," she told the girl who would've been her daughter. "And I want to thank you for giving up your life just to try to save ours." "It was worth it," Rose said as tears started to leak out of her eyes. "Just to see you like this mum and to hug you." Hermione let go of Rose and turned to Harry. "So what are we going to do?" "We're going to do whatever we can to avoid the Weasleys and make sure they can't control us. And then we're going to take down Voldemort on our own terms." He turned to the girl from the future. "And Rose here is going to help us every step along the way." Rose nodded. "I'd be honored to!" Hermione turned to her. "You can go by Rose Granger from now on if you don't mind." "Really?" Rose asked excitedly. "I'd love that." "Hermione…there's one more thing…" Harry blushed as stared intently at his feet. The bookworm suddenly felt nervous. "What is it Harry?" "It's about why the Weasleys would go to the extreme of giving us love potions in the first place." He gulped. "It's not just because they wanted to be sure we'd fall in love with Ron and Ginny. It's because they knew about…us." "Us?" Hermione asked nervously. Harry nodded. "Our feelings for each other. Hermione the truth is I'm—I'm in love with you!" Hermione let out a gasp. "R-Really Harry?" "It's true. I have been for a while now. I only wish I had told you sooner." "Oh Harry!" Hermione wrapped her arms around Harry's neck and hugged him. "I love you too, but I didn't think you'd be interested in a bookworm like me." "I love that you're a bookworm," he told her. "I wouldn't have it any other way." "Harry," Hermione looked at him embarrassed. "There's something I've wanted to do for a long time now. Do you think I could?" Harry nodded. She brought her face up to his and suddenly kissed him full force on the lips. The kiss was warm and pleasurable and Harry soon found himself kissing her back with equal enthusiasm. Rose stood in the background looking happy for the new couple. A minute later the kiss ended so they could both get some air. "That was bloody brilliant!" Harry declared. Rose coughed slightly into her hand. "I don't mean to interrupt, but don't we have a lot to do still?" "That's right." Hermione nodded. "You must've gotten your brains from me, Rose." "Thanks mum." "You probably shouldn't call me mum in public or in front of my parents," Hermione suggested. "Just call me Hermione. We are the same age after all." "All right…Hermione." A/N: Thanks go to texan-muggle for being my beta for this story. Posted: 10/00/2014 Words: 3780