is difficult, you have to pay attention all the time! Severus remarked. He then looked up to see James Potter whizzing towards the Gryffindor hoops, with the Quaffle securely held between his arms. Severus realised that the blond-haired girl was Slytherin's Keeper, and he shouted at Mitchel to ask for her name. "Is this really the time?" Mitchell yelled at Severus, whilst he flew sideways to avoid the incoming Bludger. "Her name is Sophie Evergreen!" Severus nodded at started yelling, 'Come on Sophie, you can save it!' He saw her look of determination as James Potter rapidly advanced towards her. James then lifted the Quaffle and flung it towards the centre hoop, and it gracefully went in. Severus heard Sophie groan in frustration, just before the Gryffindor crowd erupted in celebration. "And that's ten points to Gryffindor!" The commentator, Melanie Phillips, cried. "C'mon guys!" Mitchell Clearwater encouraged the Slytherin team, and as the match progressed the team started playing better. Within ten minutes, Mitchell has scored twice, earning a total of twenty points. But Gryffindor had scored three more times, making a total of forty points. I have to get that damn Snitch, Severus thought in exasperation. But how on Earth was he going to do it? Severus looked across to see one of the Gryffindor players looking around in concentration. Severus heaved a sigh of relief; they hadn't found the Snitch yet. Severus began to look around as well, wondering how he was going to be able to see the miniscule flying ball. It was impossible. For the next five minutes Severus looked around, trying to find it whilst simultaneously avoiding the Bludgers that the Gryffindors' were aiming. Severus almost felt as if they were directing both the Bludgers at him only, and he felt it was unfair. So rude, he said to himself. There were other Slytherin players too for Merlin's sake! Severus was in the middle of dodging a Bludger when he caught the sight of something moving in his peripheral vision. The Snitch! Severus was surprised at the speed the golden ball was flying at; it went immensely fast! He began chasing it which he found to be a very difficult task. The ball flew in all sorts of directions! Severus found himself swooping upwards and downwards, left and right just to follow the stupid thing! He reached his hand forward to try and get closer when unexpectedly he was shoved to the left. Severus looked sideways to see the Gryffindor Seeker. She was a girl with jet-black hair and a face that almost said out loud, ' You better not mess with me.' Why were all Quidditch players scary? He continued flying parallel to her, and she tried on numerous occasions to bash him out of the way. Severus found that it wasn't too difficult to keep up with her, but actually moving ahead of her was the hard part. Why couldn't the darn Snitch just slow down? Severus was persuaded that they had been chasing the golden ball for at least ten minutes and he started to tire. He had already been tired before the match had even begun, and now he was expected to chase this tiny ball? He started to slow down a little, hoping he would still be able to keep up with her, but he couldn't have been more wrong. As soon as she noticed his slowing down in pace, she smirked at him and said, 'Can't handle the speed? Don't worry, I'll catch the Snitch and you'll be able to rest soon!' Severus glowered at her and started picking up the pace, but it was too late. She was already well ahead. Severus watched in frustration as she extended her fingers and finally managed to capture the Snitch in her palm. "And Gryffindor has caught the Snitch! Gryffindor win!" The sound of cheering and screams filled the pitch, and all Severus wanted to do was go back to his dormitory and forget it had ever happened. He flew down onto the ground and started making his way out of the Quidditch pitch. "Severus! Severus, wait!" Severus turned to see Sophie flying down on her broom. She quickly dismounted it and ran towards him. "You did really well for someone who hasn't ridden a broom in years." She complimented him Severus shook his head. "I'm the reason we lost." "You're not the entire reason. If only I'd saved Potter's throw…" She said, looking at the ground. "Potter's really good." Severus said, surprising himself. Why was he complimenting his most hated enemy? Sophie nodded, unconvinced. The pair began walking down to the changing rooms, and Severus realised that they only had a few minutes until dinner was served. He groaned in exasperation, much to Sophie's amusement. "We always finish minutes before dinner. You'll have to get it used to it!" She laughed. Severus looked at her with a frown. "What do you mean?" He asked her. "Well…aren't you going to try-out for the team next year?" Sophie inquired. "Merlin, no!" Severus exclaimed in response. "I know you must be in sixth or seventh year, but surely you can tell that I'm not made for sports? Look at me!" Severus said, pointing to his lanky figure. "Well your broom skills beg to differ. I've never seen someone execute a fall so well, apart from the people who've been playing on the team since first-year. You have a gift." She smiled at him warmly. Severus tried hard not to guffaw. Surely, she was joking? "So will you? Try out?" She asked, with a hopeful look on her face. "You could help us actually beat Gryffindor for once!" "Maybe." Severus replied eventually, although he was certain he wouldn't. He had suffered enough embarrassment on that pitch to last a lifetime. But he had to acknowledge that it had been fun. It had given him a sort of rush, being on the pitch whilst the crowd was going crazy. Maybe he would try out. Maybe.