his cheeks flushed. Draco hadn't seen Harry that furious in a while, and it irritated him that it was because of that silly little girl. Draco inhaled deeply. "No, you're right. I was out of line. I apologise." He stepped back and motioned towards the door. "Please, don't make your date wait because of me." Harry walked to Draco with such force that Draco recoiled slightly, expecting to be struck. "Listen carefully, because I will only ask you this once," Harry said, his voice low and strained. His eyes held so much desperation that Draco couldn't help but feel sympathetic. "Do you not want me to go on this date?" " No, I don't!" Draco wanted to yell, but then his conscience kicked in and asked him what his motive was. Did he love Harry? Did he want to be with Harry? Or was it just petty jealousy because he had always taken Harry for granted and couldn't handle the fact that he may leave Draco's side for somebody else? "Why should what I want even matter?" he said, smiling. "You have a date with a nice girl. Go have fun." He clapped Harry on the arm and turned away, pretending to arrange the paperwork. He thought Harry would maybe say something else or convince him otherwise, but he simply sighed and left. I drove him to this point, Draco thought. I have no one to blame but myself. It had taken him some time to submit all the paperwork and leave, and after aimlessly wandering around for a while, he had ended up in the cafe Harry had taken him to that morning. Then, he had done the one thing he had vowed he wouldn't do. He texted Bryon, asking to meet. The lad arrived no more than a quarter of an hour later, looking like he won the jackpot. "I didn't think you would contact me again!" he said, engulfing Draco in a hug. Draco smiled and mumbled something incomprehensible. "Are you alright?" he asked almost immediately, his face full of concern. Draco instantly felt a pang of regret for hurting the lad. He was younger, but he had a heart of gold. He didn't deserve to be treated the way Draco treated him. When he told Bryon the same, he asked, "Where is this coming from? Why the sudden change of heart?" "What do you mean?" Bryon shrugged. "Not to be hurtful, but you've never really cared all that much about rejecting me before, but now, all of a sudden, you're gently letting me down?" Draco sighed. "Yeah. Well. I suppose even someone as cold-hearted as me can learn." Bryon smiled a sad sort of smile. "You aren't cold-hearted, Draco. You're just afraid to be left alone." "Maybe so," Draco muttered, staring at the table. "Oh! I hear the blueberry muffins here are heavenly. Would you like to try one?" Draco smiled wryly. "I suppose one muffin wouldn't hurt." Bryon smiled and rose, making his way to the counter. Draco watched him with a sense of melancholy, thinking back to that morning and wishing it was Harry who was there with him instead. As if hearing his wish, the doorbell chimed and Harry burst in, looking winded. Draco froze, his heart racing as Harry's eyes landed on him and he made a beeline for Draco. Bryon reached a moment later. "I need to talk to you," Harry said, breathless, at the exact same time Bryon said, "Here are your muffins, sir!" They stared at each other in surprise, then at Draco, who looked between them, his mouth hanging open. "Um…" "Who are you?" Bryon asked Harry. "I'm his partner," Harry said, his eyes never leaving Draco. "Wha— partner?" "He means my Auror partner," Draco said, not wanting Bryon to misunderstand, but Harry grabbed Draco by the arm and pulled him to his feet. "No, I don't." Harry then kissed Draco, one arm snaking around Draco's waist and holding him in place while the other grasped him behind his neck. He pulled away before Draco could fully process what had happened and grinned. "I told Brittany I couldn't go on another date with her." "Why?" Draco squeaked. "Because there's someone else I want to take to cute little cafes and buy blueberry muffins for." "Is it really a good idea to mix work with our personal life?" Draco asked, panicking. Harry shrugged. "Who knows? We'll have to see. So, what do you say?" Draco glanced towards Byron, who was still holding the tray of cupcakes and watching them with his mouth open, but Harry grabbed Draco by the chin and turned his head so Draco was looking at him. "Don't think too hard. What do you want right now?" Draco swallowed, feeling light-headed. It was like all the pieces of the puzzle fell into place all at once. "You," he breathed. Harry smiled. "Good." "I hope you know I'm still not over my fear of commitment," Draco said as they lay in bed, the warm morning sun drawing patterns along their skin as it shone through the thin curtains. "I've always wondered this, but why do you think I've never gone on dates or been with anyone?" Draco looked up at Harry, his eyes wide. "Don't tell me—" Harry grinned. "You're not the only one that's too afraid to commit to another person." "But—I don't—" "The only difference between you and me," Harry said, kissing Draco, "is that I don't give a shite." He chuckled at Draco's expression. "If I want something, I take it. End of story." "Damnit, Potter. Why do you never tell me these things?" "Because I can't see you flounder around when you fall flat on your face, then." "You bloody sadist." Harry laughed, and the sunlight caught his eyes just then, making his irises glimmer like real emeralds. "By the way, congratulations on surviving four years." Draco smiled, his heart full. "And here's to many more," he said, leaning in to kiss Harry.