some sort. An older boy with curly red hair was interrogating him about the contents of said box, while two red headed twins laughed off to the side. Emile nearly choked on her hair. Of course she ended up in the same house as the two who had seen her in nothing but her undergarments and a blanket. She made a mental note to avoid those two at all costs. Just then the doors to the great hall opened and a group of terrified first years came in. Emile watched in silence as they walked up to the front of the room and proceeded with the sorting. Most of the first kids became Hufflepuffs, oddly enough, though a few did become Ravenclaws. Emile clapped along with the other Gryffindors as Lavender Brown became their first new member. Well, first young new member. Not long after the bushy haired girl, Hermione, joined Lavender at the Gryffindor table. After her went Neville, he was so big now. Though Emile knew the result was inevitable she had still clung onto a bit of hope that he would be sorted into Hufflepuff, but as he joined the new Gryffindor ladies at the table she knew it was a useless wish. Not many people were left at this point in the sorting, a Draco Malfoy was sent to Slytherin. Emile had laughed aloud as the hat screeched "Slytherin!" before it had even touched the boy's head. Though she tried not to bring attention to herself, she was sure the two redhead twins had whispered while looking at her. She nervously tucked her hair behind her ear, feeling very self conscious and pretended to pay attention to the sorting. The famous Harry Potter was sorted into Gryffindor, as was another redhead boy. Emile had a feeling that all these Gryffindor redheads were related, but she didn't say anything in case she was wrong. As Dumbledore stood up to give a short speech Emile looked over at the Hufflepuff table. She could see Cedric sitting with his group of friends, she'd seen pictures of them before but it was surprising to see how much taller they were in person. Cedric glanced over at her and smiled. Emile waved back, suddenly feeling very lonely over at the Gryffindor table. That was just what happened when you come into school after everyone's already established friend groups. "Hey you, could you pass the lamb chops?" the dark skinned boy called to Emile down the table. She smiled and tried to avoid his gaze as she handed the platter over. "Thanks doll." he winked at her before turning back to the redhead twins. Emile piled her plate with food and began eating, feeling hungrier than ever since she hadn't eaten since that morning, before they even left for hogwarts. It was so weird to think that that same day she had been at home, walking the Diggory's dog and checking to make sure she had packed everything she needed for the school year. "Excuse me but is this seat taken?" a voice said behind her. Emile turned to find herself face to face with the Gryffindor ghost, whose name she had forgotten. Emile hadn't bothered to learn anything about the other houses since she had been so certain she would end up in Hufflepuff. "Not at all," she smiled at the ghost. "I'm Emile, Emile Gorska." "Sir Nicholas of Gryffindor tower," they ghost smiled down at her. "I don't believe i've seen you here before." "No I just arrived today. I'm a third year, I was homeschooled for two years," Emilie explained. "Aha I see," the ghost smiled for a moment before a loud noise across the hall distracted him. "If you'll excuse me a moment Miss Emile, I must go fetch the Bloody Baron, I am afraid Peeves the Poltergeist is already having a bit too much fun with our newest arrivals." And with that the ghost floated away through the wall of the great hall. "Emile huh?" came a voice to the right of Emile. She jumped and saw the Quidditch girl sitting next to her. "I'm Angelina Johnson." "Nice to meet you Angelina. You're a third year too, right?" "Thats right," Angelina smiled at Emile. "You'll be rooming with me, Alicia, and Katie." "Sounds wonderful." Emile smiled back at Angelina. "Who else is a third year? In Gryffindor house I mean?" "Oh well it's the three of us, Katie's a second year, and then Fred, George, and Lee over there." Angelina pointed to each of the boys as she named them, though none of them were paying much attention. Lee was showing off the spider in the box to the twins under the table. "I wouldn't befriend them though if I were you, the twins have a habit of messing with people." Emile smiled. "Don't worry, i'm sure it'll all turn out fine." Just then the food from the table vanished and was replaced with the dessert selection. Emilie had inherited her father's sweet tooth and instantly got to work piling up the various delicacies in front of her, wrapping several in her napkin and sticking it into her mokeskin pouch for later. Once the feast was finished and speeches made, Emile followed Angelina and Alicia up to the Gryffindor tower. Emile was so tired she didn't even notice where they were going. It seemed to take forever to get the the painting of the fat lady that concealed the dorms. "Password?" the portrait asked. "Oh Percy told it to me it was um, oh! Caput Draconis!" Alicia announced triumphantly. The portrait swung open, and the three girls stepped into the Gryffindor common room. It was a round room with many squashy armchairs and a merry fire going in the fireplace. Emile yawned and followed a group of girls up to the girls dormitories. Once she entered she drew the curtains of her four poster bed shut and changed into her pajamas before falling into a deep sleep.