that. "So how's Alice?" Helena asked after Dagnetti and Adenham had been exhausted. Alice Fellows had been in the year above them, but as a former Head Girl had been a kind of mentor to the then-prefect Lily. She was now an Auror, and consequently incredibly busy, as was her long-term boyfriend Frank. It was an ambition that many of Helena's friends—including James and Sirius—shared. Lily's eyes lit up at the mention of Alice. Recognising the cue for impending gossip, Helena leaned forward. "She's engaged!" "Wow. When did Frank propose?" "A fortnight ago, she only wrote to tell me just before term started." "That's brilliant! Any date for the wedding?" "Not yet, but Alice said they wanted to do it soon. No sense wasting time with things like that nowadays." "True," Helena agreed. "Too true. Did you hear about the Prewetts?" Lily nodded soberly. "Yes. I can't believe both of them are gone." "Took five Death Eaters to bring them down though," Helena added, as if that would be any comfort to their family. Lily was giving her that look again, the look which had become increasingly frequent over the last year or so. She knew exactly why. Those five Death Eaters could have easily included her elder brother, Lucius. Or any of their cousins save Sirius. Any pureblood—and there were far too many—who supported Voldemort. The look Lily had wasn't fear, or suspicion, but it was slightly wary. As if she wasn't quite sure which way Helena was going yet. "Lily," she said, more snappily than she meant to, "what do I have to do to prove to you I completely condemn Voldemort and all of his followers? I get that I'm a Malfoy, okay, and I wish to Heaven I weren't, but please . I am not responsible for my brother's actions. If I changed my ambitions to become an Auror would that convince you?" As she was on the point of getting up and storming off to bed, Lily put her hands up placatingly. "I'm sorry, Helena. I really am." "Thank you," Helena said stiffly. "I need a refuge here. My family view me as a traitor, I don't need suspicion from my friends." "You won't get it from now on, I swear." "Alright. Fancy a game of chess?" she asked, to diffuse any remaining tension. "Aw, Helena, you know I'm rubbish at chess!" "You're not that bad," Helena grinned, "I'm just very very good." Lily had improved over the summer, as she'd been practicing with her own chess-set, which made the difference. That way she had pieces who would listen to her commands instead of yelling criticism at her all the time. Helena still won though, in the subtle way she always did—setting up an obvious ploy while her real plan for checkmate brewed quietly in the background. After about an hour of play, the common room had quietened down considerably, with the exhausted first-years leaving first, then the other Gryffindors going in dribs and drabs up to the dormitories. After having to put a stop to an unexpectedly vicious attack by one of Lily's bishops, Helena moved a knight into victory position. "Checkmate." Lily pursed her lips, but couldn't find a way out of it. "Fine, but this is my new goal: beat you at chess before the end of this year." Lily went to bed soon after that, with Helena tempted to follow her, annoyed that she had to wait up for the Marauders. She doubted they'd be late in fairness; it had happened before and all four of them had wound up in the hospital wing with various jinxs and hexes on them. It had taken Nurse Pomfrey several hours to rid them of Helena's curses. They had quickly learned that Helena Malfoy was not to be treated with the disposability other girls. Sure enough, just before half past ten, the portrait opened and Sirius, James, Remus and Peter came through, all carrying books each. Helena raised an eyebrow. "How did you get those past Madam Pince?" "Dungbomb here and there," Sirius replied. "But then we nearly got caught by Filch on the way back—which is why we need this map." "So," James said, putting a quill, ink-well and parchment in front of her, "where do we start?" "Well not with that," she replied, pointing at the parchment. "What you want is a map that's imprinted with the essence of Hogwarts. That means you have to connect it with the castle from the very start." Sirius raised an eyebrow. "Which means…?" "Which means you have to make your own parchment. It's no good just using any blank piece; it has to be soaked in Hogwarts. Likewise the ink." Remus made a note of that. "And what are you planning with the Sorting Hat?" "We want the map to show the location of everyone in the castle," Sirius explained. "Teachers, students, Filch. And everyone in the castle was educated here, so they've all sat underneath the Hat." "Except Filch. He's a squib." James blinked, then grinned broadly. "Really?" "You didn't know? Yeah, Slughorn let it slip to Lily, and Lily told me. But getting the Sorting Hat won't help you there. You might have to treat it like a Polyjuice Potion." "What, get a…bit of Filch?" Peter asked, looking disgusted. "Yes. His hair or toenails or whatever, but it needs to be mixed in with the pulp as you make the parchment, along with the threads of the Hat. Maybe that demonic feline of his too, if you want to know where she is. Once you have your ink and your parchment, come back to me and I'll help you out further." "What, that's it?" "Unless you want me to pull it out of your arse, Padfoot, then yes. Until you get a bit of the Sorting Hat, there's not a lot I can do. Good luck pulling the wool over Dumbledore's eyes." A/N: Review please - cos reviews make the muses sing louder.