"You probably left it at home. Just send an owl tomorrow," Emeline says. "Fine," Cloe grumbles. They still have two hours left until midnight. "Let's play 10 fingers with Butterbeer. I don't want to get drunk before tonight," Aubrie says. The four girls agree and start a game. In the boys' dormitory, the boys were all sitting on Zeke's bed. Jax gets up and walks to the bathroom. "Connor, when are you going to ask her out?" Huner asks Connor. "She probably will say no and it will ruin everything," Connor replies. Connor has been in love with Cloe since the third year. Hunter gives Connor a look. "I will ask her tonight," Connor sighs. "Merlin, really?" Zeke looks shocked. "Jax, Connor is gonna ask Cloe out tonight when we are in Boston!" Zeke calls to Jax. "Merlin, really! You have been in love with her since like the first year," Jax says while grinning. "I have not. I will ask her to the Fall Ball," Connor says. "Oh my Merlin, I forgot about the Fall Ball!" Zeke exclaims. "Is wittel Zekie gonna ask someone?" Jax teases. Zeke blushes. "No," he says. Connor and Hunter know that Zeke has had a crush on Scarlet for a year, but they would not tell Jax because Jax is super protective of decided to play various board games for about an hour and then left the dormitory to meet the girls. "Hey Connor," Cloe says once the boys arrive at the special meeting spot. Every month they meet in the old kitchens to plan their next big party or prank. This group can practically get away with anything. None of them hate detention, and they found that their parties and pranks are worth all the detention. The headmistress would never dream of expelling any of them because they are the most famous teenagers in the entire country. There is usually one person per year who gets chosen by two houses. Three is rare and four is even rarer. They were all chosen by more than one house and they all chose Wampus. The day after their sorting ceremony, reporters for the Cyclic Oracle, the magic newspaper in the USA, swarmed the school trying to talk to at least one of the student. Cloe: Thunderbird and Wampus Aubrie: Horned Serpent and Wampus Emeline: Thunderbird, Horned Serpent, Pukwudgie, and Wampus Scarlet: Horned Serpent, Thunderbird, and Wampus Jax: Horned Serpent, Thunderbird, and Wampus Hunter: Thunderbird, Horned Serpent, Pukwudgie, and Wampus Connor: Pukwudgie, Wampus Zeke: Pukwudgie, Wampus, and Thunderbird The old kitchens are never used anymore by the staff, and hardly anyone knows it exists. "Let's not get splinched, okay everyone," Zeke says to the group. "I would rather not," replies Scarlet. Fifth years can't apparate but they do it anyway. They all apparate one by one to their favorite pub. They know the bar keeper and he doesn't care that they are underage. Ilvermorny doesn't start classes for a whole week so that the new students can get situated, which gives plenty of time for a hangover. "Liquid courage," Connor says while drinking a shot of Firewhisky. "Hey, umm, Cloe can I speak to you for a moment," Connor says to Cloe. "Um yeah, sure," She says while following him to the back of the pub. Meanwhile, the girls give the boys confused looks. "Connor is gonna ask Cloe to the Fall Ball," Zeke slurs to the girls. Zeke is pretty drunk. The girls look shocked. "Well, I can't wait to see how this turns out," Aubrie says while drinking another shot of Firewhiskey. "Okay, you are down here," Scarlet says while taking away the drink. Aubrie falls asleep on the table. "Will you go to the Fall Ball with me?" Connor asks Cloe. Cloe blushes. "Umm ya sure, I guess," she replies. "Really?" Connor looks shocked. 'Yeah, sure why not," she says and walks back to the table. Connor does a mental happy dance. When Connor returns to the table, he nods at the boys. Cloe was whispering to Scarlet and Emeline. "Merlin, I didn't even know that you liked him," Scarlet whispers to Cloe. "Scar, I didn't either!" Cloe says. "Em, we should probably get back to school. We have to go through that awful tunnel since you can't apparate into the school," Scarlet says to Emeline. "I agree. Let's go. We will finish this conversation tomorrow. We are already gonna have wicked hangovers tomorrow," Emeline says. They slowly walk back to school. They apparate as close as they can get and Scarlet volunteers to carry Aubrie. "Do you know why Aubrie got so drunk tonight?" Cloe asked Emeline. "Toby broke up with her. He called her a slut. It was awful." Toby is a year older than Aubrie and in the Wampus house. "Oh, my Merlin. Toby didn't!" She said rather loudly. "What happened?" asked Jax. "Toby called Aubrie a slut and broke up with her," Cloe said. Cloe was also really drunk. Jax is super protective of his friends. "I'm gonna murder him," Jax says. "Umm, no you are not. She has a lot on her plate. Stay out of it until she recovers. Then we can murder him together," Scarlet said to her brother. "Fine," grumbles Jax. Once they get in the castle, they sneak into their dorms. All eight Wampus fell right to sleep, except Aubrie, who was already sleeping. A/N Hey. TheTaleOfTheScribbler here. Review, please. I need to know what you all think of it. I will respond to every review and feature you in my next story (unless you don't want me too). Even if you are reading this five years after I wrote it, please review. I will take suggestions. Tell me if you hate it. Tell me if you love it. The more reviews I get, the more I will update! Review. Please. Until next time, I solemnly swear I am up to no good ( and I hope that you solemnly swear as well) TheTaleOfTheScribbler