normal and started working on my adjusted truth potion. It was coming along well. As, I chopped up some ingredients, I thought about what happened earlier. Even though he didn't show it, Fred must have been devastated to find out it wasn't actually Hermione. Poor Fred. I feel bad for hurting him, but I'd just have to make it up to him by getting them together. I needed to get invited to the family dinner that night. I still had Fred's hair, and this time it would be the real Hermione. I considered this plan for a bit. Amortentia, as the most powerful love potion in the world, was pretty serious. Maybe these were real people with real feelings, and Fred and Hermione weren't in love because they just didn't spend time together… Nah, I read all the books so I obviously have an elevated perspective. Fremione was meant to be. This was magical London for Merlin's sake. Love conquers all! All I had to do to get invited to the Burrow was ask Fred about what Ron and Hermione wanted when they visited. He seemed to think I was wondering about the cause of my failed "prank" and I didn't correct him. He explained that his father got a promotion and the family was celebrating. This was all it took for him to invite me. This kid took me everywhere nowadays, like there were still Death Eaters lurking about from whom I'd have to save him. I grabbed a vial of amortentia that I luckily had lying around due to my hobby and a strand of Fred's hair before meeting Fred back at the shop. Amortentia usually doesn't specify a target with hair, but this isn't a problem for a potions mistress. I didn't know why we still had to side-along since I'd already been to the Burrow and it wasn't heavily warded anymore. Fred always set a meeting time anyway and I endured the nauseating experience of side-along in order to feel less like an interloper at his house. I stayed strong with the thought that I would be very welcome when I was the godmother of several Fremione children. I did not make the rookie mistake I had made before and I offered to help Mrs. Weasley distribute plates and silverware to the overly large table. She was very grateful. Some guests had already seated themselves at the table before dinner due to the lack of room in the house. Luckily for me, Hermione was one of those practical people. I smeared an unnoticeable layer of Fred-flavored amortentia onto her dish and glass before levitating all the pieces to the table. The amount of amortentia was not enough to cause deep obsession for an extended period, but the gentle push will be all that a love as deep as Fred and Hermione's will need. Dinner was delicious as always. I made sure to sit close to Hermione to give Fred an excuse to do the same. After dinner did not go as well as I planned. Hermione, instead of going straight for Fred, scooped up Crookshanks and showered that cat in love. She did not once even glance at Fred. Damn it! There's no way that I had messed up the potion! It must have been the hair! After accio-ing Hermione's hair and being attacked by a frizzy hoard, I discretely plucked a strand from Fred's jumper. A strand I now realized looks very similar to Hermione's pet's fur. FOILED AGAIN! BY HERMIONE'S TENDENCY TO DRINK CAT HAIR! Luckily Hermione only received a few strange looks and a single insensitive comment from Ron before they left. I was in a foul mood until I talked again to Fred that evening. His jokes about Hermione's behavior and my third successful "prank" (DAMNIT!) made me laugh through my disappointment. How did he even notice that I had spiked her utensils? I thought when Fred dropped me off at home. He must notice everything going on around Hermione as he secretly watches his forbidden love! My determination is renewed. Maybe create a potion that "accidentally" traps the two together! Something like that could even be sold at the joke shop afterwards! I would name it The Fremione Solution! Or maybe, However many minutes it takes to get them together in Heaven. I'd workshop the name after it was created. The next day I arrived bright and early to the shop full of new ideas (I flooed in sick to work – pixie flu). The potion that I gave Ron was almost shelf-ready, so I was sure that the twins wouldn't mind me using their workshop if I present my potion as a prank idea. I could have an accident with it when next Hermione came! Fred is so lucky to have me as his friend. George will obviously be best man at Fred and Hermione's wedding, but we've grown rather close recently, so I'll probably make it into the wedding somehow. I can reveal all of my matchmaking schemes in my speech at the reception! "I'm here to make your dreams come true, Bark," said Fred from the workshop door sometime after I started working. I turned to him. "My potion is on the shelves and you're here to sign for the rights?" I asked excitedly. "Not yet – " "Are you dating someone?" I guessed again. He scrunched up his nose and took a moment to respond. He must be baffled that I guessed correctly! "Uh, I'm about to?" He says. I wait expectedly. "But you have to help me out with this one." Of course he's noticed my matchmaking powers. He notices everything. "Shouldn't be too hard for you, what with how you fancied me all through school." This shit again? The fuck? It was research to save the wanker's life! "I've finally accepted your offer. So we're going on a date." … Will Hermione be there? No wait, what? … FOILED AGAIN! Foiled by my own charms?