towards the lake. "Wonder if she's doing the same subjects as we are," he said, sotto voce , but Remus heard him and smiled. The four boys stayed out until dusk, chattering idly at first, then sinking into silence one by one, watching the last rays of gold and pink fade from the sky, and the sun, now a blazing ball of fire, dip ever lower until it disappeared over the edge of the lake and the mountains. The Giant Squid had long since retired for the night, occasionally letting out a pleasurable burp as he sank below the surface of the water. The girls – Evans and McKinnon among them – had gone in too. Sirius had tried to nonchalantly cop a feel as the latter's figure went by him, and he had been rewarded for his pains with a stinging hex to the hand. He was quite startled for a moment, as McKinnon was usually a sweet-natured girl, and this demonstration of spiritedness was unexpected. It made his belly squirm slightly with a feeling he couldn't quite identify. His faced must have expressed his surprise, because McKinnon's placid mien was broken for a second with a wicked smirk, and the other boys laughed at his discomfort. It was dinner time when the boys rose to go inside, but were distracted by a scuffle in a clump of bushes near the doorway. Voices floated down to them, but the words were too indistinct for Sirius to make sense of them. Remus though, appeared to have no problem understanding the words. His lycanthropy gave him excellent hearing – even better than the other Marauders, who also had good hearing due to their Animagus abilities – and the tendons in his neck were taut, and his chocolate eyes wary. The sense of urgency emanating from him made Sirius alert, too, and he went for his wand, moving forward cautiously. Behind him, the others were also drawing their wands. "Snape," Remus hissed, from the corner of his mouth. "Also I think Mulciber and Avery – Rosier too. And a high voice I can't place – probably a First year." Sirius heard James groan. They could all guess what this might be. They rounded a corner and went into the bushes. Snape, Avery, Mulciber and Rosier stood around three Hufflepuff First years, who looked terrified. "Bullying First years again, are we, Snivellus?" James inquired coldly. "None of your business, Potter. " "But it is my business when you're bullying students of the school," Remus replied coolly. "Who do you think you are, speaking to us like that? You, unlike us, are a Mudblood!" "Yes," came the calm riposte, "but I, unlike you, am also a Prefect." Frost dripped off the end of each syllable, but fire flashed in Remus' eyes. Sirius was both awed and a little frightened by the sheer power behind the calm demeanour. He knew Remus regretted not stepping in to stop the bullying yesterday, and he was more than determined to make up for it now. "That'll be twenty points each from Slytherin, for bullying and causing bodily harm," Remus said, nodding at the closest First year, who was whimpering and clutching a bloody nose. "This will be reported to your Head of House." Rosier snarled in rage and lunged forward. Sirius raised his wand and stepped up, a hex on the tip of his tongue, as did James and Remus, though Peter's pavid nature kept him from following their lead. Avery, who was either too cowardly, or had enough sense left in him not to tangle with the Marauders, grabbed Rosier by the neck of his robes and pulled him back before any spells could be cast by either party. Remus opened his mouth again, but the Slytherins beat a hasty retreat before he could say anything more, casting looks of pure loathing at the Gryffindors as they went. Sirius sighed and squatted down in front of Bloody-Nose. "Hey," he said gently, "mind me taking a look at your nose?" The little boy removed his hand, and Sirius prodded the sides of the nose gently with his fingers. "It isn't broken, luckily, just a tad bloodied." He siphoned the worst of it away with his wand. "You should show that to Madam Pomfrey in any case." "Oy Moony," he called to Remus, "This one needs the hospital wing. Will you take him?" Remus, who had finished tending to the others, came over and peered at the wound too. "Come along then," he said gently. "What's your name?" "Aleksandar Romanoff," was the soft reply. "Well then, Aleksandar, let's go see the nurse, shall we?" Remus took the little boy's hand and led him away, the other two Hufflepuffs following in their wake. The others turned to go inside, too, but a slip of pale parchment on the ground caught Sirius' eye. "Hullo," he said, stooping to pick it up, "look at this – must have fallen out of Rosier's pocket." He glanced down at what was a flyer of some sort. Join The Knights of Walpurgis – Junior Branch, [it said] If you are a young witch or wizard aged 16 or under, with an interest in exploring the finer aspects of Spell-making, Potion-making, Runology or Duelling, consider joining The Knights of Walpurgis – Junior Branch. We are an organisation dedicated to studying the advanced mechanics and subtleties of Magic, and upholding and practising the traditions and customs of Wizarding society. If interested, submit your application to: Evan Rosier Cecilia Yaxley Smugnacious Travers "What on earth?" Sirius finished reading and glanced at James, who appeared to be as baffled as he was. "Ah never mind, then," Sirius shrugged, and pocketed the flyer. "Must be some nutty Slytherin secret society or other – they'd probably hold meeting in the dead of night and refuse to admit anyone unless they do the secret handshake and produce a pound of flesh from a Hufflepuff First year. Anyway, come along, Pete. Dinner awaits!"