want to marry her so badly? He only looks into the mirror anyway…" Minerva thought for a moment and flicked her wand to send their by now empty tea cups back into the kitchen. Well, the real Cornelius had always been attracted to her; and never really understood that she just wasn't interested in him. "Hmm, I think, Cornelius suspects that the magic running through Esme's veins is very strong." Arina moved again and cuddled closer against her mother; fidgeting with the little phoenix-necklace that was hanging from her neck. "Was Esmeralda as powerful as you are, Mummy?" Another chuckle escaped the older witch. Arina was a lot smarter than other children her age, which sometimes put Minerva in rather difficult situations; this time however, she enjoyed her little girl's curiosity. "Well, I'd say they are on kind of the same level. But remember, in the Kingdom it wasn't really common to display magic openly on the streets. And after the people in the village heard the rumors about the Beast… well, many of them thought that the Beast killed people with magic…" The little witch looked positively appalled. "But Mummy, the Beast is Prince Allan! He's not dangerous!" Minerva faked a very serious face. "True, he wasn't. But all the time he spent as a prisoner in his own castle, with absolutely no one to talk to and watching the rose loose its petals… Things like that tend to change people, and once all hope is lost… frustration, and hate get the upper hand sooner or later…" …x.X.x... While Esmeralda was on her way back to their little house in the highlands, her father had got lost on his way back. It had never happened to him before, and that irritated him more than anything else. After what felt like hours, Apollo finally reached the shore of a very black lake. He got of his horse, giving it a time to rest. Walking up the small hill to the enormous castle, he pushed the large wooden doors open. Upon entering, his eyes widened; this castle contained more gold, jewels, and silver items than he could ever spent in a lifetime. But Apollo had taught his daughter that stealing was a crime, so he just took a second to admire the view. Glancing around his eyes finally fell on a small, elegant wall-painting and his heart skipped a beat in excitement. A map! Studying it, his eyes darkened with fear with each passing second. He wasn't very far away from his village; actually, he was pretty close. Stumbling backwards, he realized that the hill he had just walked up was the Hogs-Hill, and the castle he was in once belonged to Prince Allan. And now to the Beast... Running outside as fast as he could, he stopped dead in his tracks upon passing through the rose garden. There it was, a beautiful dark red rose, put under some sort of see-through veil, that immediately captured his attention. Admittedly, the flower had already lost a lot of petals. He was mesmerized by its beauty and instantly reminded him of his daughter. He knew that Esmeralda loved her books, and the adventures that were written in them. Taking on last, deep breath, he carefully grabbed the rose-filled jar, lifting it from its place. He didn't care about all the priced possessions in the castle, all he thought of was giving his daughter a little present. And what was more suitable than bravely taking something that reminded him of entering the feared Beast's castle. Suddenly, he felt a big, strong, furry hand on his shoulder, forcing him to turn around and seconds later he started into the dark and shallow blue eyes of the Beast. " You shouldn't have done that," the Beast whispered into his ear, sending goosebumps down his spine as the creature put the claws of his paw right underneath Apollo's chin. The old man tried to get his terribly shaking legs under control, but his whole body was trembling. "I – I apologize. I didn't – " The Beast leaned down further, his wolf-like face almost touching the elderly man's. "That rose means more to me than your little pathetic little life ever could." For a brief moment, Apollo was able to see a flicker of light in his shallow eyes, but it vanished as soon as it came. Then the Beast waved his wand and thick, iron chains came out of nowhere, binding itself around his body. " Once upon a time, I would have enjoyed the company. But you saw the rose, I don't have any time left to waste on you," the Beast once again waved his hand and the Rose-Jar levitated back to its old place. "It's beautiful, isn't it? Beautiful and deadly. I learned a long time ago that I desire the things which will destroy me in the end." In a deep, hoarse tone, the loin-haired beast spoke a spell, and an extra protection built around the rose. Then he turned his attention back to Apollo, once again the claws pressed under his face. " You're an Alchemist I hear, help me break the curse of the rose… or prepare to die." To be continued... I hope you like it, thanks for reading! #hugs For all of you waiting for the next chappie of 'The Blood of the Lioness', I'm working on it :) And the lovely Lady Lavinia will be featured as well *grins* Words: 4,360 Written for the March Event: Jewel-Day-Challenge at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry - Written for the Writing Club at Hogwarts - Monopoly (Location: Diagon Alley) Written for the April Event: Decoration Month - #60. Enchantress 1. (word) Enchantress / 2. (fairytale) Beauty and the Beast - Bonus / 3. (quote) "I desire the things which will destroy me in the end." - Sylvia Plath / 4. (object) Mason Jar (einwegglas) / 5. (word) scorch Written for the 365 Drabble Day event at Hogwarts #35. Bake