her eyes, Hermione begging to play with the other children in the park, to go to school, her disappointed face Hermione clutching a bruised knee, sobbing and he just watches, arms at his side Suspicion in her eyes, shadows of memories clenched in her fists "I don't…." Hermione glowing under his praise, Her smile when he brings her a new book, Hermione elated with a trip to the muggle museum, the library, Hermione gripping his hand trying to drag him to some new exhibit, Hermione smiling at her graduation, Hermione sitting with Caleb and snorting milk, Hermione grinning down at her textbook and scribbling furiously, Hermione kissing Caleb… The older Hermione cutting up ingredients, Her hair covering a page as she reads some book, the glow on her face as she is awarded house points, the contentedness in her eyes when she stands in the library… A child without love cannot thrive . "Dear God…." Tom whispered. You love her. You love someone… "But I thought I wasn't capable…" The potion, the love potion should have made him incapable. He had cared for the older Hermione, surely , but he had thought only insofar has she had something to teach him. The younger fit into his plans for the future…but… "You love her." His mother maintained "And your love will be your undoing, as it was mine." Tom peered at the ghost of his mother. There was something more of her in their than the echo perhaps. Ghosts did not usually reflect on their mistakes and regrets. "You did not love me enough to even stay alive." His mother nodded. "I had wasted it all on someone else. But now, I think, he must have loved me back a little, truly." She brushed back the hair on Tom's head. "Your father." At those words, the memory of a suicide at a train station rushed to Tom's head. A man who spoke to the child…who shook her hand…whose face he saw for only an instant… Or maybe, decades of living beside and raising a bushy haired savior from the future who murdered his alternative self, had connected Tom to a soul he never realized he had…or needed. Hermione had come to him by accident, had unknowingly put him in a position to care for her younger self, and had surely achieved a great deal through doing little intentionally. Tom wondered, briefly, that if Death was a real enough entity, if there were not a few others floating around as well. He did not feel like a player, but a piece on a very large board. Was he the pawn, or the king. Was she the queen? The pawn's purpose was distraction, to die so that the king could cross a dangerous path. And the queen? The queen ranked higher than the pawn, surely…. "I do not want to live in a world without her…even if I have to give up everything…" She awakes with a headache and squints at the light. Immediately, a face appears above her, the wrinkled face of former Headmaster Dumbledore, now Minister of Magical Children Services. She does not believe it when she hears it, cannot believe it. Caleb "But how? Tom was nowhere near me. How did they get him too?" Dumbledore is silent. He holds a mirror to her face and gently pushes her bangs back with his hand. An echo of a ghost of a memory stirs within her mind and she wonders if rips in the timeline do not mend themselves after all, in some way. " How… " She whispers, but she knows. When an Avada Kedav a is preformed on someone who another has died to protect, a sacrifice of love it leaves a scar and kills the caster. Caleb would not have known he was going to die. He was caught off guard, but Tom who searched for decades for immortality… Tom could never die by accident. Death would never have taken him by accident. The implication of this knowledge is something she does not have the energy to consider. "The terrorists?" she changes the subject, unwilling to dwell on her former guardian. Dumbledore does not question this. "Dead. Mostly. The others are being rounded up now." "So, I am the President then." "For life." Dumbledore nods. He places a package on her nightstand. "These were found on his body." She swallows. It is certain then. Dumbledore's look tells her that he knows exactly what is inside, and does not exactly disapprove. If anything, there is a hunger in them that is not unfamiliar. She had seen it in Tom's eyes as well. "For life, huh?" "Indeed." The baby is more than a surprise, and the calculations do not make sense, but she supposes that Tom's rise to power had been distracting. Certainly she and Caleb had not been trying…she had never pictured herself as a mother. How could she? What parent had she ever had to look up to? And certainly poor Caleb was not eager to play a game of chance with his half inbred, pureblood genes. Still, she cannot say that she is entirely unhappy with the infant. If she had ever been lonely before, losing the only two people in her life had left her quite by herself and with too much to dwell on. Those familiar, Avada Kedavra green eyes though, those unnerve her a bit. This is at least until she admits that nothing is ever impossible , not in her world. Her world: where girls can grow up and grow young, where nightmares turn into heroes, where evil can produce good, where immortality sits on her nightstand, where the killing curse kills its castors, where memories disappear and reappear, where an orphan can come to rule the world, and a foundling follows him. No nothing is impossible for Hermione Black nee Riddle, The Woman Who Lived. And certainly, nothing is impossible for her son, Thomas Riddle Black. … and end at a beginning