practice he's ever had has been with a wand." "Not the only practice, just most of it." "Still, it gives me a considerable advantage." "Aurelianus, Camelot needs her lord. Uther is not ready and you know it. If you should fail-" "I won't fail," Aurelianus interrupted, now fixing his gaze on Gorlois. Gorlois didn't flinch from it but merely asked evenly, "Then why have you asked me to prepare the men? Not just the knights but any and all of the magicked in the city who are able to fight. If you truly didn't think there was a chance of failure then why the precaution?" "Gorlois, as you've told me many times, it is always good to be prepared. To have a contingency plan, or two." At this last phrase a warm but wan smile broke Aurelianus's otherwise harsh and intimidating visage. "Very well," Gorlois replied begrudgingly. "Just don't die." With that they continued to their destination in silence and arrived at the precise moment The Shadow materialized from a darkened corner of the arena. He wore mail, just as Aurelianus did. A broadsword hung sheathed at his side. His face still bore the same infuriating grin. "Punctual I see," he remarked offhandedly as he and Aurelianus circled each other. Gorlois stood guard at the edge of the arena watching and waiting, hoping that this would end soon and that it would end for the better. Spectators filled the stands, anxious to discover whether their lord would be bested by the man who until now had merely been a terrifying legend to them, someone to be feared and avoided. In the stands sat Anne, Uther, Seraphina, and, of course, Belerothon. Gorlois's wife Igraine and their children were nowhere to be seen. Gorlois had instructed her to flee the city with the children as a precautionary measure. While she was not yet gone, she had already sent their twin daughters, Morgause and Morgana, away with relatives to take refuge on the Isle of Hibernia to the north. As the sun finally became visible over the horizon, Aurelianus and The Shadow drew their swords and stood still for a moment, watching and inspecting each other. Searching for weaknesses. Then The Shadow lunged forward with such ferocity and a cry that would curdle the blood of a dementor. Fortunately, the tactic hadn't seemed to work on Aurelianus who calmly and expertly parried the blow and launched his own counterattack. The duel had now begun. For nearly another hour the two went at it, The Shadow unleashing all the violence and malice that was his very soul each time and Aurelianus carefully defending and avoiding occasionally going on the offensive but never with the intention of striking down his opponent, not yet. Gorlois knew this technique well. He had learned it from Aurelianus himself and he found it very useful in certain situations such as the one the Lord of Camelot was now in. The idea was to let your opponent's zealousness and lack of self control be his undoing. To slowly wear him down while defending yourself very carefully and conserving your energy. It seemed to be working. With each attack, The Shadow grew weaker and more spent, his battle cries less powerful and terrifying and his lunges slower and more sluggish. Finally, Aurelianus saw his opportunity. As The Shadow came in for another attack, Aurelianus blocked and deftly disarmed him. With a quick strike from hilt of his sword to the head, The Shadow collapsed to the ground. Dazed and seemingly on the verge of defeat, The Shadow struggled to get to his feet and make his way to his sword. Instead, Aurelianus kicked him over onto his back and raised his broadsword. As he brought it down on the other man, however, something unexpected happened. Something seemed to cause Aurelianus to miss and it wasn't until it was too late that Gorlois realized what it had been. A rather small rock, too small in fact for most people to notice had struck Aurelianus's sword just hard enough and in just the right way to nudge it so that the sword, rather than piercing The Shadow's chest, pierced the shoulder of his sword arm. The stone had been thrown by Uther. Though the goblin made blade broke through The Shadow's simple mail armor and caused him to cry out in immense pain, the blow had not killed him. The Shadow , sensing an opportunity that was likely to be his last if he didn't succeed, grasped Aurelianus's blade with his gauntleted hand and yelled with all his force and might, " Avada kedavra! " Amazingly, a flash of green light rushed up the sword and blasted Aurelianus backward off his feet. The Shadow removed the sword from his shoulder with another cry of pain and staggered to his feet. He stumbled back into the shadows, not having lost the duel but, injured as he was, not having won either. In another moment he vanished. Gorlois rushed to Aurelianus the moment he hit the ground. It seemed that the curse had not instantly killed Aurelianus, probably owing partly to the fact it was cast through the lord's sword rather than a wand and also partly due to the fact that Aurelianus's goblin made armor had protected him somewhat. But only somewhat. Even as Gorlois knelt next to his friend, he could see the life draining out of him. "Go- Gorlois," Aurelianus spoke softly. Gorlois could tell he was in great pain and was struggling to hold onto life just long enough to convey a very important message. "What, what is it my friend?" Gorlois asked. "Do- Don't let- Don't let Uther." "What? Don't let Uther what?" "Don't let him hurt Seraphina. Or- or her child." At that the lord of Camelot let out a final breath and Gorlois could tell the life had gone from him completely. He had crossed the veil. Gorlois raised his hand to Aurelianus's face and closed his eyes.