was saddened to hear that but heard the sincerity in her voice so knew that there must have been a reason behind it. He thought back on the conversation and remembered something that had been bugging him. "Why my body is burning up?" He asked. " In order to talk to you, I was forced to invade your mind with my powers. Your magic is actively fighting against my power since I am using a large part of it to trap you here. It is both a good thing and a bad thing. More magic ensures that our conversation is loud and clear but at the same time it fights me as you are not trained enough to control it." The young boy pondered over it for a moment and after finally understanding it well enough asked, "Can you…can you tell me about my parents?" The spirit replied in a somber tone , "Your parents, James and Lily, were one of the most talented wizards and witches of their generation. They were both known for their charisma and kindness. Your father was goofball most of the time but he constantly showed surprising amount of wisdom and insight when things became serious. You know, you look just like your father but you have your mother's eyes…" her voice trailed off as if remembering something from the past. He smiled while a tear rolled down his check. He always suspected that the story that his relatives fed him was a load of bull but he had no evidence to prove otherwise. Now that he knew that they were respected members of society he wondered how much the story about their death was true. He steadied himself but still ended up stuttering, "Ho-How did they d-die?" There was a long pause before Angelos replied , "They were killed in the war against dark forces by dark lord himself. Voldemort was his name, he was leader of the group of wizards that believed that those who came from old families were better than those born from non-magical parents." " What you have to understand Harry is that there are basically three types of wizards based on blood status. Pure-bloods: wizards that can trace their lineage back to certain number of generations with minimum being two, meaning that both sets of grandparents must be magical. Half-bloods: wizards with at least one magical parent and two magical grandparents. Muggleborn: wizards that are born to non-magical parents or Muggles." " Your father, James Potter was an auror, a pureblood wizard who was member of magical law enforcement while your mother Lily was working to gain mastery in one of the magical subjects, namely Charms. Your mother was a muggleborn, someone that Voldemort and his cult didn't think worthy of possessing magic. Your parents and grandparents from your father's side were some of the frontline fighters in the war. They are the most famous war heroes of the last war." " This is the not the complete story but I will only tell you the other half when I think you are ready for it. I apologize and urge you not to seek anyone out. It is very rare for wizarding families to have a magical contract with my kind, even the old families. Your knowledge about your parent's death will certainly raise many red flags for the parties who were purposely keeping you in the dark till now." Harry wanted to shout, to curse, to scream but held his tongue knowing that it will only go on to show that he was not mature enough to learn the secret."When will I see you again?" " On your birthdays Harry, but know that I am always watching over you. Do not let anyone know about magic or me. Keep it secret and know that your magic is closely tied to your emotions, in order to prevent discovery you should keep your emotions in check." " Do you have anything to add Harry?" At his shake of head she continued , "Well then, it seems like it. Know that your parents loved you very much so and they fought till their last breath for you. Do not let their sacrifice go in vain child, you have the potential to become a legend Harry, don't let anyone stop you on your way to the top, not even yourself." Soon Harry felt himself returning to consciousness. The last thing he heard before waking up was , "Good luck Harry Potter, make your ancestors proud." Once he regained consciousness, he sat upright and was surprised to see that all his wounds from earlier were healed. Considering everything that he had learned, he shouldn't have been so surprised but it was so hard to accept it all. However, this was all the proof he needed to know that everything that happened in his mind, dream or whatever that place was, was very much real. He grinned more widely than ever and let the tears of happiness roll down his cheeks. It has been so long that the hope that he was feeling in his heart seemed foreign. He could only hope that things will be better going ahead. "Don't worry Angelos, I will make you and my ancestors proud. More importantly, I will make both my mum and dad proud of me." He whispered in darkness. To be continued... Reviews: I will very much like readers to review on my work. I am realistic enough to know that there will be errors in my story and with your help I wish to improve on them. Reviews motivates a writer to continue and I hope that you will be constructive in critiquing me instead of bashing me. You don't know the importance of a single review until you have written a story yourself. Please take my word for it and share your opinion on the chapter with me. This not just for this chapter but for the whole story. Hope you liked it :)