Wilkes got suspended in fourth year was because he'd been growing weed in the greenhouses, and when Gudgeon lost his eye to the Whomping Willow he'd been skulking off to meet Bertha Jorkins in the Shrieking Shack. He tells him that one year at the staff Halloween party, Professor Sprout had gotten drunk and confessed to him that she'd known about the weed all along. They take turns sneaking glances at one another. They take turns pretending not to notice. Remus had been good looking, when they were younger. He was never as Hollywood handsome as Potter, or as charismatic as Black, but he was definitely good looking. Severus wasn't. But he was dark-eyed and pale and intense, and that was attractive to some people. Normally the wrong sort of people, but at least he always knew that going in. He'd always liked the way Remus smiled. They end up on the back porch with whisky and warming charms, watching the waves crash into the cliffs. "I shouldn't have married her." They both stare resolutely ahead. "I mean, I did love her. Still do. But we married for the wrong reasons. We were just both scared we'd wind up…" He trails off with a sigh. "Lonely?" Remus looks at him. "What makes you think I'm lonely?" Severus wants to say 'because you're here with me', but he thinks it's too maudlin, too ungrateful for what has turned out to be a rather pleasant day. So he shrugs instead, and that seems to be answer enough for Remus. They fall silent again. It's surprisingly comfortable. "Can I ask you a question?" Severus is apprehensive. "I suppose." "When you turned me down, was it really because I was drunk?" Severus doesn't know how to handle this. He doesn't know what Remus wants to hear, and he feels himself getting irritated. He looks at Remus, and the look he receives in return is earnest. "Please tell me you haven't come here to chase down a forty-year-old kiss?" "I…no. I just…" He looks away again and fumbles with his scarf. "I always just wondered if there was some other reason. Forget about it." It's starting to snow again. "I wasn't a bad kiss though." Remus pulls his coat tighter around his middle. "Was it?" "Well, you were drunk and bleeding and you'd just punched me in the face. So it wasn't the best kiss I've ever had." Remus looks a little crestfallen, but nods his understanding. Severus think maybe his tone was a bit sharp. "But no. Not bad." It's getting cold, and their glasses are empty. Remus is smiling. "Let's go back in." Remus walks into the kitchen to find Severus piling dishes up in the sink. "Here, I got you something." He holds out a small, badly wrapped parcel. "Oh." Severus wipes his hands on a tea towel and takes the parcel from Remus. "I didn't get you anything." He feels guilty and uncomfortable, and annoyed at Remus for putting him in this situation. Although if he'd thought he would've realised that this is exactly the sort of thing Remus would do. And it would be a thoughtful gift, too. "Thank you." "You're welcome." Remus puts his hands in his pockets and looks at Severus expectantly. Severus looks at the parcel in his hands. He tries to remember the last time he received a Christmas present. He tries to remember the last time he'd felt as content as he has today. He draws a blank. He thinks that if next Christmas were to pass the same way, he would quite like that. He thinks that if things had gone differently years ago maybe he'd be different now. He thinks that Remus is still good looking. And he thinks that he is still not, although he is still dark and pale and intense, and maybe that doesn't always have to attract the wrong sort. "Are you going to open it?" Severus puts the parcel down on the counter and takes a step forward. Remus' eyebrows knit together and he starts to say something, but Severus puts his hand on his face, brushes the pad of his thumb along his cheekbone, and he closes his mouth again. Severus puts his other arm around his waist and splays his hand across the small of his back. He kisses him softly, scared he might break whatever fragile connection they've been building. Remus sighs and presses himself closer. It's unhurried and tender. It's something Severus didn't know he wanted until now. He can feel the warmth of Remus' skin under his clothes and taste the whisky on his lips, and too soon it's over. Remus idly runs his fingers through Severus' hair, their foreheads resting against one another. "I think I do like the beard." Severus says when he feels like they've been silent too long. Remus laughs quietly and doesn't open his eyes. "I guess I'll keep it then." It's a long while before they move. Severus sees Remus out. He stands in the doorway and they say their farewells. When Remus turns to leave he stops him with a hand on his arm. "I didn't want you to hate me in the morning." "I'm sorry?" "The reason I turned you down. I thought if I went home with you when you were drunk and upset, you'd regret it the next day." He drops his arm and buries his hands in his pockets. "I thought it was the right decision." "I think it probably was." Remus smiles at him. "Goodnight." He makes it halfway down the path before Severus stops him again, calling for him over the sound of the wind. "Come over for New Years. I'll…" He pauses, looking down. Remus likes the silhouette of him, framed in the doorway. Severus shrugs. "I'll get a turkey." Remus laughs. "New Year." He agrees, raising his hand. Severus stays where he is until he loses sight of Remus. He smiles to himself, and he closes the door.