It wasn't a question. It was more of a statement. It was a few seconds before Malfoy finally responded, gathering his words. "Who gives you the right to accuse me? Don't act as if you're innocent, Potter. Following students around the school, poking your nose into business that isn't yours. You just can't seem to resist the danger and the fame, desperate to 'save the day'. I bet you love it, don't you? When the press is all over you." He began to step closer , unaware that the proximity between them was decreasing. Harry clenched his jaw, his blood boiling. "Shut up. You know nothing-" "What and you know everything?" Scoffing in disbelief, Draco lowered his wand slightly, shaking his head as he held back a somewhat amused chuckle. "See? That's the thing about you, Potter. You think that you know everything about everyone. That you're /entitled to. Well, time for a reality check. You don't have that right of passage." He snarled. "No, but I don't need to have the right to know that you're up to something." He retorted in a low, dangerous tone. "You go and mind your own business. Or are you muggle-loving, mudblood friends boring you and this is your new form of entertainment?" He mocked with an unpleasant smirk. "Take that back!" Harry could feel himself begin to tremble with anger, pointing his wand further towards Draco. "Hermione and Ron are the best friends anyone could ask for. Not that you'd know anything about friendship." "Shut it, Potter." He hissed, that comment wiping his smirk off his face. Now it was Harry's turn to smirk. "What is it? Did I hit a soft spot? " he teased. "Not that I blame you. It must be hard having two goons who can't tell one end of a broomstick to another?" "Leave." Draco firmly ordered, almost fuming. "Not until you tell me what's going on." "Why do you always need to know? You're always there. If I weren't mistaken, it'd seem like you're obsessed with me." "Please. Don't flatter yourself. The only one who's obsessed here is you. You always go out of your way to make my life hell." "Really?" He asked with a somewhat amused smirk. "Who followed who?" The argument was still fresh in both of their minds. After Draco had asked him that question, Harry had simply turned around and left, muttering 'I'm not wasting my time with this' under his breath. Fighting back the urge to retort, Draco watched him leave with relief, his heart still pounding with anger. God, he hated how potter got under his skin like that. And the same could be said for Harry. After that, he couldn't stop thinking about it. He had told Ron and Hermione about it, but Hermione gave him a disapproving look. "He has a point you know. I'm not siding with him, but his business isn't really yours. And besides. You should really be thinking more about your studies than Malfoy." He looked at Ron, hoping for some sort of relation between them, but Ron had bit /down on his lip hesitantly. "You know I hate to admit it more than anyone, but Hermione's right, mate. Maybe you should leave this alone." It had become this endless cycle of thinking. When he wasn't thinking about Malfoy, it was Sirius and when it wasn't Sirius, it was Malfoy. But now he was face to face with Malfoy, having caught him crying. At first, he felt a twinge of sympathy but resisted the urge to reach out to him. He wanted to wish ill on him, to think that he deserved it.. Not so great when it's the other way round.. He thought solemnly, frowning softly. Why he called out to him, though, he wasn't entirely sure. "Are you..crying?" He asked as if to confirm his suspicion. Looking away, he frustratedly wiped his eyes with his forearm. "No." he stubbornly said, although it was obvious he was. "Really?" Shooting him a dangerous glare, Harry was actually thankful for the poor lighting, not wanting to see the amount of hatred behind them. Little did he know that there was so much more. "Why does it matter to you?" he snapped. "Malfoy-" "Go on then. Laugh. Mock me. Tell me how much I deserve this. Please. In fact, go and tell the entirety of Hogwarts. Tell them how you caught the almighty Slytherin, Draco Malfoy, crying alone. That makes a great story." "I'm not going to." "Just what I tho-" However he paused mid-way. "What?" Did he hear him correctly? "I have nothing to gain by mocking you. I'm not like you, Malfoy." Of course. Made much more sense. The thought of Potter caring almost made him sick. "You and your bloody Gryffindor pride.." he muttered under his breath. "It has nothing to do with 'Gryffindor pride'." he retorted. "It's that I have better things to do than go around spreading rumours." Rolling his eyes, he muttered a small 'whatever' under his breath, silence falling over them. The tension was thick, the once relaxing atmosphere having shattered Neither of them said a word, trying to return to their own thoughts but constantly thinking of the figure through the tables and going back to bed wasn't an option for either of them. Harry opened his mouth to say something, then closed it, unable to take the thick tension and lay in an awkward silence. At last, he broke it, however, the tension remained thick. "So… how come you're here?" He asked, his question genuine, no hints if suspicion hidden in his tone. To Harry's surprise, he didn't snap but answered civilly. "Couldn't sleep. You?" It was a harmless question. He didn't have to go into detail. "Same here." Silence fell upon them once again, but neither of them tried to talk. Their rivalry remained strong and Harry wasn't suddenly going to feel remorse for Draco but that was okay. Draco wouldn't have accepted it anyway.