will be resolved today. Now, if you will, I'd like to prick your thumb on this utensil so that I may test your blood." I did as asked, pricking myself on a sharp silver tool which promptly moved back into the small box it had been protruding out of. It obviously began working, because paper was coming out of a bigger box next to the first. Eventually the paper stopped and Long Claw picked up the sheets. He flicked through them quickly, nodding absentmindedly as he went. "It is as I expected Harry. You are the sole heir to the Potter estate. Through that fact you receive control of the family vault owned by your parents, your trust vault and a Potter archive vault, accessible by anyone with the Potter name. In addition to this you are labelled the Heir Presumptive to the Most Ancient and Noble House of Black, through the actions of your Godfather Sirius Black. However, your Godfather is incarcerated under suspicion of murder, so you do have rights to act in his stead." "My Godfather is a murderer?" I asked, aghast at this information. "According to the wizarding Ministry of Magic," he said. "However, investigators of the Goblin nation believe there to be a case for wrongful imprisonment, after having spoken with your Godfather. We are still trying to launch a case but the Ministry is hitting our lawyers with several injunctions." I nodded. "If he were cleared, would I be able to live with him?" I wondered aloud. Long Claw nodded. "He was left custody of you. Now, back to your inheritance. In addition to those two titles, you are also the only living individual with a significant claim to the title of Lord Peverell by blood. The Peverell family is very ancient but descent became almost solely feminine in nature, until the birth of your grandfather, the first male born to your great-grandmother's family in centuries. Also, though you hold the title through majority blood right, you do not hold the family name and so will not be styed Harry James Peverell, instead only holding the title of Lord. These are the extent of the Lordships you are entitled to via blood or presumption, as in the case of House Black," Long Claw finished. "So what does all of this mean?" I asked him. "This actually means very little for you right now," Long Claw explained. "You have access to your trust vault, which is refilled at the beginning of each year. When you turn fourteen you will gain access to the final two Potter vaults, the sole Peverell vault and restricted access to the Black family vault. Until then you are able to instill in your place a trusted advisor. He or she will act in your stead regarding your financial and political obligations." "Who will this be?" I asked. "I don't know many magical people." "It can be anyone. So long as it is someone you trust," Long Claw said. "It can be specified at a later date, if you wish." "Would you be able to do it?" I asked curiously. "If you've been looking after all my accounts, I don't see why you shouldn't continue with this also." "It would be an pleasure Harry," Long Claw said, giving me the goblin version of a smile. "It is very, very rare for a wizard to show such respect and courtesy to a goblin like you have done today. You honour me with this choice." "No, no," I hurried to explain. "You've already helped me so much. Thank you, by the way. Most adults don't really listen to what I want," I mumbled towards the end, looking down as I scratched my head slightly. Long Claw nodded wisely. "We goblins know how it is to be overlooked by mankind. Humans usually are disrespectful at best. Rest assured Harry that I will ensure I carry out these duties with respect and honour in mind. And I will of course discuss any decisions with you beforehand." "Thank you again, Long Claw," I said warmly. "Good, it is decided," Long Claw said, nodding as he scribbled down something at the bottom of one of the new parchment sheets. "Now, I will have Griphook come down and escort you to your trust vault. Feel free to retrieve any amount of money you wish for your immediate use in the alley. For future use I have instructed Griphook to outfit you with a pouch that will allow you to summon ammounts of money at your whim." "How-?" I began, only to cut myself off. "Magic, huh?" I questioned weakly. Long Claw simply chuckled in a dry manner. "Indeed." At this moment the door opened, admitting Griphook, who was indeed carrying a small pouch. "I will leave you in Griphook's capable hands Harry. When you are finished he will return you to my office and we will discuss with Mr Dumbledore plans for your future, including tutors and new accommodation." I nodded, standing with Long Claw and leaning over the desk to gently shake his clawed hand. "Thank you again sir, you've been the biggest help possible," I said, smiling. I turned towards the door, noticing Griphook's look of surprise. Just as Griphook was leading me from the room I looked once more over my shoulder at Long Claw. Just before we stepped out I watched my account manager kneel down at a fire, throw in some powder and stick his head in. I jumped slightly, seeing this, turning to Griphook to see him chuckling. "You have much to learn, Lord Potter," Griphook said. "Harry, please," I told the goblin, even as I silently agreed. Yes, I think I've got lots to learn. That's it, that's what I'm offering you. Fear not, I'm still running with Emrys as a house and all that. But I just hope you all have faith in me. Please, please stick with me and I promise I will finally deliver the story you deserve.