basilisk went back to its lair. Harry was whimpering from the pain of his body dissolving from the inside out due to basilisk venom. There was a cry from a phoenix and Fawkes flew into the chamber. Fawkes landed on Eric to check if he was all right, and cried on his lips. Two tears fell into Eric's mouth and after a few seconds, he started groaning. Then, Fawkes did the same thing to Ginny . Finally, Fawkes sat on Harry's hand and saw the wound. Fawkes was looking indecisive on whether or not to cry. Harry knew that the only proven cure to a basilisk's bite was phoenix tears. He was stunned by the phoenix's reluctance to heal him. He was in too much pain to speak properly, so he quickly opened the two vials he had brought with him and drank them. He was in too much pain to even complain about the horrible taste of the potions. He felt a bit of pain diminishing but he knew it would only be temporary. "What happened, Fawkes? Don't you want to save me?" asked Harry. Fawkes bobbed his head up and down. "Then, did Dumbledore order you not to save me?" Harry asked, even though he already knew the answer. Only a direct order from the master could stop a bonded phoenix from saving a "light" wizard like himself. Fawkes cried mournfully but still bobbed his head up and down. Suddenly, he started to cough up a lot of blood. Fawkes suddenly flew up onto his hand and cried a few drops of tears into the wound and then cried few drops into his mouth. He immediately felt relief. Then he started to laugh. "Thank you for trying to make my death as painless as possible." Harry said. Fawkes continued to sing mournfully. Eric woke up at that moment. He stood up and went near to where Harry was lying. "Looks like you are dying, Harry." Eric said with barely hidden glee. "Yeah bro, looks like I will never be able to dine with the rest of my family," said Harry. Tears were falling freely for losing the chance to finally be one with his family and starting a relationship with Daphne. Eric suddenly started to laugh and Harry was stunned by the joy in the laugh of his brother. Eric bent on his knees and explained, "Poor big brother wanting to be one with our family. Ha! As if we would allow you to be one of us, dark scum!" He kicked Harry in the stomach. Harry cried out in pain. Eric continued, "It was all part of the plan. Mom and dad crying in front of you was part of it too. You were never going to leave the Chamber alive." "But why? And what about me being the only one able to open the Chamber? What about your vow? What do they gain from killing me?" asked Harry. His emotions were in turmoil. He was unconsciously releasing a huge amount of magic in the air, making it even more saturated with magic. "They lied. I never took any vow. And about being only one able to open the Chamber, well, I can do it too. 'Open.' Weird, I can only say 'open' in Parseltongue. After seeing some of our memories, Dumbledore decided that the diary was controlling Ginny, but the Minister and the public would have never believed it. Poor Ginny would have been sent to Azkaban. My parents could not let an innocent suffer, so they decided to sacrifice you for the Greater Good. I will once again be called a hero for protecting Ginny, while you will be called the dark brother. Come on Fawkes, let's go!" Fawkes gave Harry one last look and bowed his head, flying away while carrying both a still unconscious Ginny and a triumphant Eric out of the Chamber. - FLASHBACK END- Suddenly, another thought hit him like a ton of bricks in the head and he forgot all about destroying the diary. He reached into his lower pocket and said "love". He pulled out the Philosopher's stone and thought about how he could get water for making the elixir. Finally, he decided that blood would have to do in the place of water. He poked his wound and blood started to ooze again in huge amounts. After placing the stone directly above his wound so that the blood would be in proper contact with the stone, he brought it towards his mouth. He forgot about the fact that the blood was mixed with phoenix tears and basilisk venom. Together with the Philosopher's stone, it formed the most powerful healing and purifying potion known to man. As he was placing it above his mouth, a lot of blood fell on the diary which he had placed on his lap. Even with the potion in his mouth he felt like he was going to die. He fell on the floor and his last coherent thoughts were, 'I don't want to die and I will live'. Suddenly, all the extra magic that had been saturating the air started to get sucked into the diary and into him. There was a huge golden flash and then he knew no more. A/n : this is my first story so please follow and review. First chapter is a bit rushed and there is a lack of dialogues, the main reason of this is i really wanted to start the main story line. The next chapter of story will start after the end of 3rd year for eric or 4th year for harry. so i am skipping the whole POA as james potter is alive so sirius won't go to Azkaban and Pettigrew has no reason to go to the confusing things like the horcrux, Eric still able to speak open in parseltongue after getting the horcrux extracted, Reaction of students, and Basilisk will be explained in next chapter. DON'T FORGET TO DROP A REVIEW.