At Tom's bewilderment, the older man pointed at himself, still smiling. "Being a werewolf has its perks, Mr Riddle... Anyway, feel free to check our shop. Any book you want, you can have a special discount for it." Unlike Burke, I'm generous , is what Tom heard in Lupin's tone. Deeming rude refusing such a generous offer, Tom nodded in thanks and turned for the bookcases while Lupin stood with a groan and left Granger alone at the counter. Walking down the aisles, deeper into the shop, Tom heard the woman hissing at his colleague, "And I'm the traitor?!" When Tom emerged from the shadows with two books in his hands, Granger was still alone. She gave him a strained smile before reading the titles of the two volumes Tom had placed under her nose. Her eyebrows arched. "You like your Dark Arts." "Fascinating subject," Tom shrugged, forcing himself not to tap his foot and count the seconds until he could dart out of the shop. Granger hummed, checking the books. True to his word, Remus shouted from the back of the shop to let Tom have a discount of the twenty-five percent. "He's in a good mood," Granger informed Tom, putting a fistful of coins in the cash register, not bothering to separate the galleons from the sickles. At last, Tom looked at the woman before him- really looked at her. He frowned. Her hair was frizzy, the ugliest alien he'd ever seen, wild curls shooting everywhere. But what drew his attentions was her face, pale and tired, her cheeks hollow. There were bags under her red eyes. It wasn't Tom's place to ask what was wrong. He didn't even want to, knowing Granger would revert to her bitchy self in a matter of seconds. That's why he simply said goodbye and walked out of the bookshop. The next morning, Hermione Granger appeared at Borgin and Burke's, a plastic bag dangling from her arm. Reached the counter, the woman deposited the bag and, at Tom's barely concealed surprise, said, "You forgot this- yesterday." Tom stood up, biting the inside of his cheek. He'd remembered about the books yesterday night, when he'd been already tucked in bed and drifting asleep, and had spent the morning wondering how to get them without going back to Granger's bookshop. "Thank you for bringing them here," he said at last, inspecting the bag with deliberate slowness not to look at Granger. "It's very kind of you." Tom saw her shrug from under his eyelashes, her hands fidgeting with the buttons of her denim jacket. Her fingers were white and her nails blue because of the chilly hair outside- Tom blinked, only once, the books his hands were feeling forgotten as his eyes lingered on her left hand. Straightening his spine, Tom made himself look at Granger. He almost flinched at how pale she was, but at least her eyes weren't as puffy as yesterday, though still void of that gleam of determination he'd seen during their first encounters. "Is Remus Lupin making the Wolfsbane?" Tom asked, the thought the first thing coming at the front of his mind. Granger lifted a questioning eyebrow and Tom clarified, "The potions book. I shouldn't assume, it's not my place, but I couldn't help but suppose his purchase had to do with his, erm, problem..." Tom trailed off, unsure how to continue, when Granger made an odd expression. A few seconds passed in which he thought she was debating whether to slap him or not, but then she did something he wasn't expecting at all. She laughed. Granger burst into laughter. The corners of her eyes crinkled as the sound of her laugh invaded the gloomy shop. "His- problem," she chuckled, shaking her head at Tom, her wild curls bouncing on her shoulders, "Sorry, I just remembered- Harry's father, James, calls Remus's conditions 'his furry little problem'. Remus hates it." Granger giggled some more before regaining a semblance of composure. Blushing, she cleared her throat, "We are experimenting. We want to try to modify the Wolfsbane." "You two alone?" Tom tried not to sound too doubtful. "Two friends are helping us, actually, a naturalist and a Potions Master." Having nothing else to say, he nodded. Granger bit her bottom lip and twisted towards the door, her eyes glancing between Tom and the narrow, empty street outside. Tom's eyes dropped on her left hand again, her fingers now toying with a loose thread on her jacket. Granger gave Tom a weak smile, "Well, I should go-" "Have coffee with me." Tom blurted it out before his brain could stand between his mouth and his stupid instinct. As soon as the words were left and realisation hit him, Tom began praying in his head, Please say no Say no Say no . Granger just kept staring at him, her eyes wide and her lips slightly parted, unsure. Wait, I made it sound like a question, right? Tom wanted to kick himself. Fuck, I didn't. It'd sounded more like an order than an invitation. Granger seemed to think the same by the way she arched her eyebrows. But then a small smile poked at the corners of her mouth and she nodded, much to Tom's relief. Rounding the counter, his wand drawn to close the curtains and put on the usual wards, he grinned at Hermione, "I'm Tom, by the way." . . A/N: This is the first part of my new short story. It will grow darker from here, a sort of crescendo in the next two parts (because I don't want to call them chapters). I'd love to know what you think of the story so far, where you think it leads. I didn't know myself when I started, though I knew I wanted to write certain scenes, especially the first one at Borgin and Burkes. And as a true pluviophile, I couldn't not make it rain right from the beginning! I really hope you will enjoy this story!