Abraxus halted at the restraint, his dead eyes boring into the Black heir's seemingly indifferent ones. "Dammit! You're killing me Abraxus," Orion growled, running his hand roughly through his hair. Tom would be most displeased, but Abraxus, well Abraxus was like an extension of himself- practically blood. And if there was one thing Blacks put above all else, it was blood. "Get out of here before I regret this." Abraxus looked at him startled as the restraining hand loosened and snatched the parchment from his hand. "You're the worst Slytherin I ever met, can't cut out the sentiment without entirely ripping out your very essence as a wizard. I for one refuse to stare at your pathetic face from now through eternity as you move through life like a phantom, barely partaking at all. Merlin knows why I put up with you!" He glanced over Abraxus' parchment, pulled out his wand and cast a charm changing the message. He ruffled through the stunned young Malfoy's robes locating his seal and formalized the letter anew. He attached it to Malfoy's eagle owl and sent it out the window, turning once more to his best friend. "What are you still doing here? Go! It's done." He shoved his stupefied friend out the door. Cygnus threw his scarf at him, "Hurry you fool." With a mute nod, Abraxus pulled the scarf around him and stumbled out, past the common room, and through the castle. "What does it matter if you live forever, if you never truly live at all?" -#- - These Shadows of Twilight - -#- Tom paced the abandoned classroom back and forth. Where was Malfoy and the Blacks? As if summoned, Orion stepped into the room with all of the commanding presence of the Scion of Black, Cygnus at his heels. The assembled students looked up at the late entrance from where they kneeled on the cold stone. Tom glowered, "And Abraxus?" Orion cleared his throat, schooling his features, "Lord Malfoy has called his son to heel- he will be unable to join in our quest for the foreseeable future. He is to focus solely on his responsibilities as the Malfoy heir." Tom's eyes bled crimson. Black magic spilled from his person, covering his writhing followers as they screamed. Orion and Cygnus took a step back from the cries of the pawns and the maniac gleam in their enraged friend's eye. "Welcome to the future, knights," Tom crooned, sizing the Black cousins up, "Our eternal rule begins now." Orion crushed his mind's last plea of caution and moved forward, blocking out the shrill cries of the masses, nodding his ascent. There was no backing out- they were committed. -#- - These Shadows of Twilight - -#- Dear Father, Lord Malfoy poured himself a scotch as he absently perused the letter. I am writing in regards to your missive this morning. He entered what felt like the hundredth building in the small village, glancing about wildly his demeanor in complete disarray. He glanced down every alleyway, looking for his glimmer of gold to no avail. Finally exhausted, Abraxus leaned on his knees, panting in the snow. He gave a final scan of the village, the sun had set- everything was grey. His world was always grey. He stood, preparing to leave when he caught a glint of honey gleaming from the corner of his vision. He turned to stare at the figure standing in the light of the bookstore's lantern. I will not marry Young Lady Rockwood. He pushed off in her direction, bobbing slightly as if in a daze. The world was finally coming into focus. He stopped just outside of the ring of light cast from the lantern that bathed her features against the night. He was within arms reach of her, he could see the puffs of her breath. Her golden eyes lit up, mesmerizing. I have found favor with the Daughter of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Lovegood. She held a hand out to him, but he hesitated pulling back. "I will ruin your good name," Abraxus choked out, hating himself and cursing the choices of his family in that moment. He stared at the ground unwilling to meet her eye as he gathered his thoughts through his shame. "Your friends will snub you in the streets. You will no longer be able to walk in sunlight, for my path til now has been the pitch black of night. Your curse will be my love for you. But if you will have me, I will take these few years with you and live them so full they would seem a thousand." Her gentle laugh rang out, like the soft chiming of bells, causing Abraxus to look up at her. Estel locked her eyes with his, her voice strong, "If you can not walk in the sun, then let us forge a path of our own- where neither light nor dark can claim dominion- in these fleeting shadows of twilight." We are betrothed. Lord Malfoy bellowed in rage throwing his liquor- glass and all- into the fire with a roar. Be happy for me Father. He reached out, placing his hand in hers. Estel smiled radiantly, and his world lit up in color as he grounded himself fully in reality. "Yes," He pulled her to him, bringing his mouth down to meet hers, a vow on his lips. Your Son, Abraxus Malfoy "In these twilight hours, we'll hold back the coming night." A/N: To all my 'The Magic Time Forgot' fans, thank you so much for reading this and please let me know what you think! You know how I love reviews :D If you like this and haven't read TMTF, then please take a look at the big story I've been working on for over a year which this is the prequel for. It's a time travel story with Hermione as the main protagonist. I promise you'll love it- at least I hope so :)