really did, but he did not belong in anything involving safety, or small children, which was what she saw those fifteen year olds as. After all, compared to an eighty year old woman, what were they but children? "Step inside, and wait for your name to be called. Once your name is called, come to the front and sit on the stool. You will be sorted by the Sorting hat, an enchanted hat belonging to Rowena Ravenclaw. Your house will be like your family at Hogwarts, so make sure you do nothing to ruin it." Harry felt kind of worried about that, but ignored it. He knew the feeling would just hinder him, and it had no use in this. He needed to move forward for his desires, not hesitate in fear. He paused momentarily, realizing he would probably make a good Gryffindor. When it was Harry's turn to go to the hat, he walked slower than everyone else, not too much, but enough for everyone to know he was doing it deliberately, and drawing their attention more. Slow walks seemed more purposful, after all. At least to him. The teacher, or professor, placed the oversized, outdated, and frankly tacky, hat onto his head, before his vision was blocked out by the oversized brim of the hat. It seemed like Rowena had an enormous head... "Or perhaps time stretches things. My word, I do get quite tired of being insulted in the heads of you children." "You are a thousand years old, so I suppose 'you children' isnt so much an insult as an observation. So, how do we do this, questions, mental battle, or a psychic reading?" "Quite the smart aleck, arent you? The process is closest to a psychological reading, but in a magical way. More refined and much quicker. Your mind is... quite something." "Ill take that as a compliment. Think we could use similar magic to scan for potential dangers in students? Psychopaths, depressed students, sociopaths, abusive households, things like that?" "Hm, its possible, but we are getting off track. Lets see..." Harry waited patiently for the hat to mind rape him. "It is not mind rape, you brat! Its a delicate art of understanding emotional triggers, responses, goals, and methods of thinking." "Ah, so thats how you do it." "Not exactly, its more of... imagine me as a mirror which replicates your personality and uses that to test you. It often reveals more than a casual scan of the mind. However, your mind is... odd." Harry raised his eyebrow. "I mean it, something is wrong. Still, not my area of expertise, and you seem sane... enough. Where to put you... Plenty of loyalty, and certainly no fear of hard work. Lazy though, but that works as efficiency over effort, eh? Understandable. Hufflepuff could work, but not quite perfect for you." The hat continued, ignoring Harry's impatience. It had to have been at least five minutes by now. "Yes, yes, impatient. I cant say brave so much as you feed off of your fear. Quite an interesting trait, and gained through muggle Philosophy nonetheless, quite interesting. It works well enough, and you certainly are reckless, god you need help with that, maybe someone to help temper that out of you." "I will turn you into a chamberpot." "Right, back on track... Ravenclaw is a pretty good fit too, curiosity and intelligence abound, but... you are a difficult fit, arent you? Well, lets see... Quite a goal, certainly worthy of Slytherin Ambition. Cunning and sly too, but your methods do not fit with them... hrm. I am at something of a loss with you. Tell me, do you have any idea how the sorting works?" "Why is a telepathic object asking me this?" "I am empathic, not telepathic. I can mimic your personality, but not your knowledge. Ill take that as a no, though. To put it simply, I judge the values and traits of each individual when they put me on, as well as how they think. Someone who thinks circles around themselves would not fit in Ravenclaw, for example, the straightforward and patient thinkers. Someone who values family over all else would fit with Hufflepuff, and similarly for Gryffindor and Slytherin. Still, you managed to fit all of them. Happens at least once every three years, and its been due for a while, but still, quite interesting." "Then tell me, how do I think?" "Your thinking is very associative, and compressed, combined with your values, it fits with all houses. Valuing friends above all else, but with an intense desire to run wild and free. Combined with the ambitions you have, something I have never heard of by the way, and your complete obsession with knowledge... which house would you prefer?" "Slytherin. It will do well for what I intend. Any other house would be expected, but the simple fact is that Slytherin puts me on the spot and lets the world know I have ambitions. Besides, itll make people take my words under much more consideration than otherwise, given the reputation. Theyll try to see if Im turning dark, and in that, I can slip messages in there to where I can make a secondary reputation known only by those that figure it out." "...and you are the most terrifying student I have ever sorted. Not saying much given it used to be a bunch of eleven year olds, but still. Are you sure? Gryffindor would solidify your current reputation as well, and your... bravery fits perfectly as well." "Maybe, but thats just it, if I chose Gryffindor, Id be showing that I am exactly what everyone expects. By joining Slythering, no one will know what to expect and they will be forced to get to know me rather than assume." "Not a bad plan, but it will be a difficult path." "I know, but I want this." "Very well then, if you are sure..." For the first time, the hat spoke aloud. "Slytherin!"