She started walking towards the door but changed her mind and turned back to Lucius. "You'll… When are you going to give it back?" But Lucius was already in another discussion throughout his phone. Hermione then disappeared from the office. "Seriously?" almost strangled herself Ginny at the phone, once her best friend had finished telling her all about the meeting. "And you have his address?" "Malfoy Manor, 106 Slytherin Road, London," recited by heart Hermione while throwing a pair of jean in her travel's bag. "Oh my God!" shouted Ginny. "That's totally crazy! And you're going to go? What time? You'll tell me how it is? Oh my G… Hey! Harry, bloody hell, stop it. B…" "Hermione, don't tell me you're going!" then said Harry's voice. The brown-haired girl choose a pair of Converse in her dressing that took the same direction than her jean. "What? You don't want me to go?" "Of course I don't want you to!" shouted the brown-haired guy. "You don't know what you're getting into. What tells you that this guy won't, I don't know, sequestrate you?" "Well yes, of course!" laughed Ginny in his back. "Harry, you were the first one to tell me to participate to this prize. Now that I have this opportunity, you want me to back off? That's a bit of a bipolar attitude." "I don't want you to back off, only to be careful. Can't you go in the morning and go back home at night instead of staying over?" "I could, but I already said yes, so I'm going to go. And he's not living alone, he has a wife and a child." Harry had a mocking laugh. "Oh right, that changes everything." "Harry, Lucius Malfoy is not a killer or a pervert." "And how could you know? You said he's living in a Manor, no? Who tells you he's not hiding slaves in his c…" "Alriiight, give me this mobile phone," said Ginny. "Don't listen to him, Mione. He has his paranoiac stage once a day. It happened on you today." Hermione laughed while closing her bag with a single hand. "Tell him I'll be careful if that can put him at peace." She putted the bag on her should, pouting at the weight of it. "And, honestly, I don't think I'm the most careless of us two. Who did to himself a pretty bad scar on his forehead while trying motorbike without permit? Hmm?" Harry protested in the back ground – it was not a motorbike anyway, it was a quad! Hermione verified that all the lights were shut down, cut the power in the house, locked the windows and assured herself that her bag contained all her photography material, then closed the door. Arrived down, she commanded a taxi and gave her the Manor's address. Sitting at the back of the vehicle, Hermione looked at the end-of-the-day urban scenery by the window. A ballet of color where melted signal fire, shops' ensign and cars' light. Everything where her eyes stopped seemed to be beautiful thanks to her amazing great mood. Her taxi got into an impasse with loads of luxurious residences and ending with a gigantic portal that made it impossible to see what was behind it. "This is where you're living?" asked the chauffeur, impressed. Hermione nodded slowly as a smile slowly grew on her lips. "Yes. It's here." She paid the bill and got her things out. She headed towards the interphone, took a deep breath and pressed the unique button. The high school girl waited, ready to present herself into the microphone, but saw the portal open itself for her the second later. A gigantic castle was facing her, that gigantesque Hermione almost was terrified. She stepped one step forward and walked up the alley, not having enough eye to admire the manor and the perfectly cut garden. The brown-haired girl stepped on the rocked stairs guiding her through the porch, where she pulled down the doorknob to find herself in an entry hall all built in mosaic and glass, a stair built in oak in the middle of the room. Statues in bronze and marble were on the walls, and a big chandelier in crystal was covering the faraway ceiling. "Damn!" couldn't help but mutter Hermione while dropping off her bags. Her glare was going from a thing to another, not getting tired of what she was seeing. If the entry hall was already putting her in such a state, what would the other room do to her? Her eyes raised while following the majestic emerald tapestry that decorated the stairs and felt down on a shadow that was going down. A young man, to say it all. Blond, chemise, jean with holes, he was putting on his vest when his eyes stopped on Hermione. Judging by the resemblance with Lucius, the young girl deduced she was dealing with his son, Draco. He continued to step down the stairs but slowly, his ashes-like eyes not leaving once her stare. And it was an aggressive glare, threatening. He supposedly did not like her presence here. Or maybe was it his way to look at people. In all cases, Hermione really didn't feel safe. She however stood her head up, not shivering when he arrived at the ground level, cigarette between her lips, and heading towards her while lilting it on. He stopped near her, took a long and first sniff of the nicotine bar he had between her fingers, then breathed out insolently the integrality of the air stocked in his lungs at Hermione's face. The young girl helped herself from coughing but started drifting back, even more when Draco bent toward her to mutter: "Try following me, and I kill you." I hope this first chapter pleased you. I expect to post the second one in about two or three weeks, it will be more focused on Draco! Don't forget to leave a review, it will be transmitted to the writer!