look like a lamp. Particles of light slowly slipped through but quickened as if trying to escape. Eventually there was a massive flash of light just like the one where a portal had closed back on the previous earth that caused quite a scare for anyone that looked. One such man went blind due to how bright it was and was eventually put into an asylum for the insane due to his rants of 'homicidal Christmas lights' and was never let out. The particles drifted for a moment before zooming away. It was not radical, no it was deliberate as if the lights had a very specific purpose. They zoomed through everything in their way even going through solid objects. A new rift opened up in front of the lights that caused the lights to stop. It fought with everything it had to get past but simply couldn't. The whole started moving towards the lights and kept it in place. Lights started going through the hole and coming out the other side. Except the color was much brighter and there seemed to be a lot more lights than previously. The moment the hole finished going over all of the lights it disappeared and the cloud started racing again but faster this time trying to make up time. The cloud did not have conscious thought but it had purpose and drive to do that purpose. It raced over kilometers of landscape never slowing down before it reached a clearing. There was a large castle which had a flag flying at the top with a coat of arms on it. It had two lions facing each other rearing paws in the air. In between the two of them was a two handed sword with a gold hilt and was painted red to represent blood. Underneath it was a phrase " Fortes Fortuna Iuvat " The castle itself was also impressive standing at just over 35 meters tall. The lights raced through the wall into a boy. This boy was thinner than one would expect but showed no signs of abuse. His skin was paler than the moon, his green eyes dim looking much older than he really was, and he was also quite a bit taller than everyone his age. The boy fell to the ground in his room unconscious and started screaming. If his room had not been silenced previously it would have peeled the skin off of a millennium old vampire with how terrifying it sounded. The pure length of the scream was also quite worrying, even after five minutes the looked to still be going strong. When the sun started to break the horizon the screams tapered off and a glow suffused around the boy. In his mind the boy was absorbing everything that was in the cloud. His body and core received the magic while his mind tried to keep up with the memories. The first one was a blueprint and the bore automatically directed his mind to be exactly like the blueprint. This allowed his mind to accept the information much quicker especially with how much faster thought was compared to real time. Days and nights passed but the glow remained and the boy started going through what he needed to do. On the 3rd day the boy rose and popped everything. "Note to self – stop sleeping on my back, it causes me to snore and cramp up. Not to mention the attack potential in such a vulnerable position" the boy mumbled to himself. Quickly undressing the boy hopped into the shower and started to rinse off. This was when he looked down and was stunned. Well, that was certainly different; he hadn't become that size until he was 14. Becoming suspicious the boy tentatively reached for his magic. The moment he felt it respond he knew something was up. Quickly finishing up showering he walked out after drying with a towel. The boy again reached for his magic just for confirmation. Yep, he was a lot stronger than in his previous world. As in where he could destroyed a galaxy with concentration before he could now compress supper massive black hole with his hands! Of course he had to channel magic into them but just how much power he now wielded boggled even him for a second. He realized he had a choice now. In his previous world he had run into people who called themselves ninja and shinobi. They used chakra not magic to achieve what they did and used handseals instead of wands. Eventually they figured out that magic could be turned into chakra and vice versa but chakra was more powerful while magic was far more controlled. Mixing these together made some people very strong. He himself saw no point but still read everything that had come up on the subject just to know how to defend against it. The boy put off making the decision later to instead figure why he got so much more power. Going into his mindscape he waited for the theories to roll in. Discarding one after another a particular thought caught his eye. He sat back and was stunned. This was highly unexpected, welcome of course, but unexpected. He had apparently absorbed the magical plane from the old universe. The magical core had been connected to it so when it went to a new universe it followed. However there was one that was the exact same in the new universe so it jumped into the nearest available container: The core that brought it here. The man slowly opened his eyes and smiled before setting his face into a cold mask. Now was time to achieve his goals. Then the headache hit. Absorbing millenniums worth of knowledge had caught up with him. He would have his revenge but after a nap and a strong headache potion. The boy slowly went to sleep and was excited to finally right everything that he saw as what had gone wrong.