fitting . Gathering the last pieces of what has remained of her Potter-courage, Lily closes her eyes and touches the stone. She hates this way of transportation, like her father, but unlike her father, she always manages to land on her feet instead of face forward. The thought of her family gives the red-haired witch the strength she needs. One deep breath later she finally opens her eyes. The sun is shining down from the sky, warming her body. She stands in front of a little blue door that belongs to her new house. The house she will now share with her husband-to-be. Desperately, she tries to get her trembling hands under control, but no matter how hard she tries it doesn't work. Lily hates to admit it, but she's too afraid to open the door. She doesn't know how much longer she will be standing there, but in that moment, she doesn't care. It will be the last moments of freedom in her life. It still amazed her how a simple article could change everything just like that. Yesterday, her world was fine. Perfect even. Her only worries were her fear about passing the upcoming medi-witch exam… Now she has the feeling that her whole world was falling apart, she cannot fight the tears that are forming in her eyes anymore and frozen, she watched as they fell from her cheeks, shattering on the ground. Then there is a sound and the door moves. Lily's heart races. She knows that the man who would hold the door open for her would be her new husband. She would be his and he would be hers for the end of their lives. Soon, the door was opened completely and Lily almost closed her eyes, afraid that whoever opened the door would see her tears. It was only for a second, but she gets to see a short glimpse of a dark blue eye that was peeking through the slot. And Lily cannot believe her eyes. … Come back and tell me why I'm feeling like I've missed you all this time And meet me there tonight And let me know that it's not all in my mind ... Having heard the sound of a portkey's arrival, Teddy walked back to the door as slowly as possible. He didn't expect his future 'wife' to arrive so shortly after him at the cottage. Admittedly, it had already darkened outside, so it is indeed safer for her to arrive. Standing right behind the door, he debates how he should open the bloody thing. Fast, to get it over with? Or carefully so he could get a peek at the woman and slam the door shut in the worst case? Well, he won't slam the door, that would only make matters worse, he thinks, but he decides to still opens the door at a slow speed. At first he sees nothing. She has to be shorter than him, he supposes. Then his eyes fell on the slightly familiar flaming red hair and he sighs. Wonderful, the last thing he needs is someone to remind him of the red-haired witch he will probably never see again. Balling his hands into fists, cursing his fate, he finally opens the door completely. And almost falls over backwards. "Lily?" he asks, eyes wide and mouth agape.. The emerald eyed woman in front of him dropped her suitcase in shock. "Teddy?" If she hadn't spoken, Teddy might have thought it isn't real. That his mind is playing a trick on him. Carefully, as if not to break this illusion, he reaches out a trembling hand and softly touches her shoulder. She is real. Lily was real. … And all I feel in my stomach is butterflies The beautiful kind, making up for lost time Taking flight, making me feel right ... Lily feels his touch on her shoulder and her hearts skips a beat. He was real. Teddy was real. Relief was flashing over her like a giant wave. She flings herself into his arms and for the first time she allows herself to cry. When Teddy puts his equally shaking hands around her trembling body, all the pressure seems to be floating away from her. Laying her head down on his chest, Lily inhales his oh so familiar scent. The smell of home, of family. Then Teddy starts stroking her flaming red hair and whispers calming words into her ear. After a while, she lifts her head and looks up at him. It looks like he had been crying as well, his dark blue eyes still a little watery. "How is this possible?" she whispers, her voice still weak. "The chances that both of us…" Teddy only shrugs. "Fate, Lils. A hideous trick of fate." He doesn't let go of her, only tightens his arms and presses her closer to his body. Lily felt the butterflies in her stomach. For a moment, neither of them says a word; both of them too happy and too relieved that they were each other's match. Then, Teddy lifts her chin once more, making her look into his blue eyes. "I thought I had lost you for good." "You did?" "Yes. I – You have always been so much more to me than the little Potter girl." Lily's emerald eyes widened. "Wait, does this mean – " "This means I'm glad to get a chance at making up for lost time. A time together with you. Only if you want, that is," he added quickly, worry suddenly evident in his voice. Once again, tears stream down Lily's cheeks. This time however, they were happy tears. "I do, Teddy. Believe me, I do." Gathering her courage, she stands on her toe-tips and softly kisses him on the lips. Yes, everything has changed. … I just want to know you better All I know is a newfound brightness All my days I'll know your face All I know since yesterday Is everything has changed ...