to punch him again, however, his friends wouldn't let him. "I swear that if you call Lily a slut again, then I'll break something more than just your ugly nose!" The hall went quiet and everyone stared at him, Snape and finally at Lily who didn't feel comfortable being there now. She felt extremely vulnerable. "What does she even see in you?" hissed Snape, wiping the blood from his face using his sleeve. "You're noting but a pathetic, athletic idiot!" "I'm really sorry that you all got kicked out because of me," said James as he, Lily and his friends marched through an empty park. It was empty, even in June, because everyone was either at the bake sale or at work. "Actually, bro, you were the one who got kicked out," started Sirius with a smirk and nudged him. "We just followed you as any good friends would do." Because it was Saturday and not a school day, James and Severus couldn't be punished for their fight (as long as you can call a beating someone a fight). Instead both of them were banned from the bake sale and they had to leave immediately. The boys followed their fallen companion while one certain Miss Evans didn't have much choice. Plus she didn't want to be there any longer than necessarily, especially when everyone found out that her best-friend… well, her ex -best-friend called her a slut. It was humiliating. "What he said," announced Remus and Peter, who was holding a box, nodded in agreement. "Especially that we failed you. We promised to bring Snape down if he started causing problems and sadly, we didn't stop him on time." A small smile appeared on James' lips. He couldn't ask for better friends. They always had his back, no matter what (and he always had theirs). He looked at the red-haired girl who was walking next to him. She was quiet. "And what about you, Lily?" he asked. "Why did you leave?" His class-mate looked at him, tilting her head a little. "I didn't have a choice," she said. "What do you mean? McGonagall banned Snape, too, so you could stay without need of looking at him," he stated, clearly confused. "Besides, what about your cakes? Shouldn't you sell them?" "Don't worry about the cakes, Marlene will sort them, besides, when I said that I had no choice I meant it, James," she said and looked at the Black boy who winked. "Sirius tossed me over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes and took me from there." Potter looked at his best-friend who just shrugged. "I didn't want her to be there especially when you announced loud enough for everyone to hear that Snivellus called her a you-know-what. " James froze. He was aware that he screamed at Snape but he was too angry that he didn't know what he actually was saying. Something turned in his stomach. He felt guilty. If it wasn't for him, other people wouldn't know what Snape said to Lily. It was all his fault. He felt horrendously guilty. "I'm sorry, Lily," he whispered as they resumed their journey. "I am so sorry… I know that I yelled at him, but I wasn't aware that I actually said it… I embarrassed you in front of everyone. Please, forgive me. I really didn't want to do it." Lily was quiet at first, however, a moment later she raised her lips a bit. "I know you are, James," she said, nodding. "But it wasn't your fault. Severus shouldn't say at the first place." They took a seat on a bench under a large oak tree. Peter put the box on the table and then took off the cover. Everyone looked at him with a raised eyebrows when they saw what it was. "I didn't have a chance to unpack everything and that's what I saved after James pushed Snape on the table," he said as he looked inside the box. There was one almond croissant and six pączki. Seeing, however, that Remus opened his mouth to say something, he added. "Don't worry. I left the money for it." "Good thinking Peter," said Lupin. "See? Even I have my moments," chuckled Peter. "Enjoy!" It happened suddenly. Sirius grabbed a pączek and so did Remus and Peter. Lily and James, on the other hand, both grabbed the almond croissant. The boys chuckled. "So what now? Another fight?" asked Sirius and winked. "Nah, Lily will take the croissant and James will have a pączek," said young Pettigrew as he finished eating his own. "They're quite delicious." "But I want the croissant! I love almond croissants," James pouted. He was joking of course because he already grabbed the other baked treat. "What a shame," Lily started, smirking. "But mind you – I paid for your cake and I didn't have a chance to eat it. So the croissant is mine. Besides, almond croissants are my favourite, too." There was a moment of comfortable silence during while they were eating. It wasn't much but still, it was better than nothing, plus the fact that they were together, just their small group of five, was more important. They all quite enjoyed each other's company. "James?" Lily asked a few moments later. "Yes?" he asked and turned his head towards her. "Open your mouth," she said. James did as he was told and a moment later Lily gave him a piece of croissant she tore off. He accepted it with a big smile. "James?" she asked again. "Yes, Lily?" he asked and looked at her again. So did his friends. "I really wanted to taste that cake," she said, her comment made the boys start laughing, and soon Lily joined them, adding a tone of femininity to the chorus of masculine laugher. "Well, in that case I'll bake one especially for you," he said with a smile. Lily leaned towards him and kissed his cheek, smiling. "I'd love that, James. I'd love that." Thoughts?