see he's just doing it to cheer Ron up. He seems nice. ", and until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about being a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort-" Ron let out a loud gasp and I almost got whiplash from the speed my head whipped to him. "What?" He asks confused. "You said, You-Know-Who's name!" Ron exclaims. "I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name. I just never knew you shouldn't. See, I've got loads to learn I bet… I bet I'll be the worst in the class." He admits and it's easy to see he's worried. "You won't be. There's loads of muggleborns and they learn quickly enough!" Ron reassures him. They're getting on well. I look out the window pensively as the train carries on. "I'm going to see if I can find Fred and George and that Tarantula. See you later Ron, Harry." I wave a hand behind me before turning into the corridor, my robes in hand. First, I go to change, and in my sleek black robes I wander down the train. Right, they said they were at the middle… "Anything from the trolley dear?" The trolley lady offers and I look over the variety of goods. "Um… just a pumpkin pastry please." I request, handing over a few knuts. When I look back up there's a quick flash of white and a familiar face is standing behind the trolley lady, with two taller boys following. His eyes widen in recognition, and he smiles slightly. "Airlea? Prince, was it?" He clarifies, and I let the trolley lady pass so I can face him. "Yep. Draco Malfoy if I remember correctly." I return the favour and he nods. "And you are?" "This is Crabbe, and Goyle. We're family friends." He tells me. "Have you had any enlightenments on what house you'll be in?" I sigh, having made sure I caught every bit of information about his family from Uncle Arthur, I would guess these family friends would be Slytherin friends, selective as his father rumors to be. I've always tried not to think too fast about Slytherin, but I know if I even spoke a word of considering it, I don't know if a Weasley would ever speak to me again. "I've decided to let the hat choose, I don't particularly mind as long as I'm best suited to it." "Were you going somewhere?" He asks and I nod. "Apparently, there's a giant tarantula somewhere in the middle of the train, I'm trying to find it. You?" "We were going to-" Draco starts but Crabbe interrupts. "Harry Potter's apparently on the train, he's coming to Hogwarts!" He almost gushes, but he has a slightly manic smile. "Don't interrupt!" Draco snaps, and I chuckle internally. Only child indeed, he seems primed and pampered, though that isn't necessarily a bad thing. "Well, he's further along if you're looking, on the right." I tell them, and their eyes widen. "You've seen Harry Potter?" Goyle stumbles slightly, and I nod. "Met him. He seems very nice, though slightly worried about his muggle upbringing." I say. "Well why wouldn't he be? Honestly who thought to put him with muggles…" Draco answers, obviously excited. Only the most wise, powerful wizard alive. "We'd best be on our way then. I hope you find him!" I say, waving as I move past. Unfortunately, I never did find that tarantula, as Fred and George had gotten into some mighty trouble with Percy when he found it. But as we arrived at Hogsmead station, I found the matter forgotten. "Firs' years, firs' years over here!" A tall, giant, towering man called on the platform, and I walked over, quickly finding ginger in the crowd. "Hey Ron, Harry." I greet, and I walk with them up the narrow path through dense forest following so called Hagrid, as Harry told us. All of a sudden the path opened up to a brilliant black lake, and glittering above it on a high pedestal, was a magnificent castle. I barely registered Hagrid's instructions as I stepped hurriedly into a boat with Harry, Ron, and a boy named Neville, not listening to the light chatter as I admired what was to become home. We arrived at a stone harbor, and walked up to the face of the castle, and Hagrid knocked thrice. The massive wooden doors swung open and a witch in emerald robes waited for us, and gave us the introductory speech. And then came the Great Hall. And great it was. Lit up like a diamond just as I had read, I walked through in a daze, only drawn out by the twins sitting on a long table with robes emblazoned with scarlet and gold. The sorting began. It's supposed to be a secret, but it was quite easy to find some author who had let slip the sorting hat's existence; though I had never told Ron. I watched as the crowd of first years around me depleted, Crabbe, Goyle and Malfoy all went safely to Slytherin, and it came to Harry's turn. He seemed extremely anxious as he sat down, the hall quieter that death as the sorting hat decided. "Gryffindor!" I smiled, not because of the result directly, but because Harry's face had lit up like a bulb. But straight afterwards… "Prince, Airlea!" My name was called and I heard vague good lucks from the twins nearby as I walked up calmly. I picked up the hat, sat down, and put it on. Well, how ususual! I heard Prince, but a Weasley as well sits here… What to do. I see intelligence, great intelligence, what a mind full of memory! Ravenclaw would welcome you, but I think you can do better. How about Gryffindor, where your family waits? I see the confidence that would earn you prestige… No, the lions are much too outspoken. I sense a reserved, knowledgeable calm. I now see there was only one outcome… " Slytherin!"