of the debacle at Malfoy Manor reached him, Snape decided that it was time to start on the final phase of his commitment to Dumbledore. In the privacy of the Headmaster's bedroom, with wards to warn him of anyone approaching, he set a quill to parchment, suppressing the squirm of distaste in his chest. Potter , You may not trust me, but you have thus far placed your trust in Dumbledore – by extension, you would be wise to place your trust in his portrait. . . After he was done, he examined his letter critically; it would have to do. Placing it in an envelope marked 'To: H. Potter', he strode through his chambers and into the Headmaster's office. He eyed the portraits, wondering whether it was wise to trust that they could convey the message to Potter, to lure him up to the office when the time was right. He pulled at the side of Dumbledore's portrait and placed the envelope in the cavity, muttering a select few enchantments that would ensure that only Potter would be able to read it as it really was. This was the backup. And yet – It was a poor backup on many levels, he admitted to himself, and it would only be relevant if Potter was in the castle – but still better than nothing. The ideal would still be to meet Potter face-to-face; it would make for a much more convincing and forceful argument. He had his Patronus as proof of his allegiance, and thick-headed though the boy might be, he should at least be able to connect the dots in this instance. But that night, as he sat at his desk, an old, scrupulous instinct pushed him to start assembling a list of relevant memories, just in case. . Thirty-eight "The Dark Lord has your wand," Snape remarked, while in the midst of settling some paperwork. It was a comment made to an empty room, and not for the first time the thought surfaced that the Headmaster's office was rather too large. A slight rustling behind his chair told him that Dumbledore was awake and listening. Not wanting his voice to crack or show any sign of weakness, he pressed on. "It is a recent acquisition - perhaps just a few days old." This time, Dumbledore spoke. "I was afraid of that," he said heavily, and something in his voice made Snape's self-restraint crack enough that he stood up and turned abruptly to face the portrait. Dumbledore met his gaze steadily. "I suppose not everyone knows how and why they die," said Snape, and he could feel his lips twisting up in a mirthless half-smile. "I'm not going to ask you why your wand is so important to the Dark Lord - I daresay I shall find out sooner or later - but what was your plan regarding it? Out of plain curiosity." A look of regret flickered across Dumbledore's lined face but he replied in an even tone, "The wand's power was supposed to be extinguished at my death, if everything had gone according to plan. I was - " he stopped. "I'm sorry, Severus," he said simply, after a long while, and the sorrow in his voice made the twisted expression on Snape's face fade slightly for its sincerity. Snape knew that the apology was not merely for this; some things were beyond the control of even Albus Dumbledore. Though his hands were clenched so tightly that his fingernails bit into his palm, he managed a stiff nod of acknowledgment, before turning his back on the old man and settling himself down to continue perusing the report. From the moment he had seen Dumbledore's wand held loosely between the Dark Lord's fingers, he had known that it was only a matter of time. . Thirty-eight (death) Severus Snape was neither a coward, nor a fool. Even as he took brisk strides towards the Shrieking Shack ( towards his end ), Lucius's words echoing in his ears, his mind rang cold and clear and purposeful, looking back on the past seventeen years and all it entailed. Seventeen years of duplicity, lies, and loneliness. Seventeen years where his only meaningful interaction had been with Albus Dumbledore, whose eyes had been too keen for comfort, who had always understood and respected human connection better than Voldemort ever could, and had pulled all the right strings, knowing, knowing. . . Seventeen years and it would end tonight. He cast his thoughts further back, and thought of auburn hair and green eyes, of kindness and genuine interest. Where he was never 'that Snape boy', or 'Snivellus', or a means to an end. He had been that end in itself, and it had mattered to him. Perhaps some would say it had mattered too much, but Snape hadn't cared overmuch about other people's opinions of him in a long time. ( Back then, he hadn't comprehended the full scope of the reason behind the breakdown of their friendship, but now he understood, and had done so for a long while. ) He still had to pass on to Potter that all-important information, but if he couldn't, the office portraits would take over. And after his last duty had been discharged, it would be over. That single purpose that had driven him all these years would be rendered irrelevant. And that guilt – That guilt would never be reconciled, for the deed could never be undone. But if it meant that it could go some way towards repaying . . . The door loomed ahead of him, shabby and old. A sudden, stray thought wondered at why he had added to the list that memory of himself accidentally blasting off George Weasley's ear; it was shut down. He breathed in deeply and thought of a little girl and boy in a grove by the glittering river. He breathed out. Then he knocked. A pause. "Enter," said the cold voice. He pushed the door open.