don't work, though he can't help but wonder if they did work. He can't help but wonder how it would be like to wake up in the mornings and know that Marlene McKinnon was only his. He can't help but wonder how it would feel like to go around announcing that Marlene McKinnon was his girlfriend and lover . Sirius, honest to God, can't help but wonder how long their relationship would last. Would they grow up to be old together surrounded by their children and grandchildren? Or would they date for weeks, or even months, before she finally realizes how worthless he is and how she deserves someone much better than a useless Black? It scares him that he wants to try and find out. It scares him to realize that he's grown to like her so much. Age 17: Hogwarts Grounds Sirius grinned as soon as he spotted Marlene sitting down under a tree with a book. She looked so peaceful and he was almost regretting his decision of walking over there. Almost being the key word. "Just the girl I've been dying to see," he spoke, winking when she looked up at him. She rolled her eyes exaggeratedly but the smile forming across her lips was fond. "I have a bone to pick with you." "And that would be?" "Out of all the women here, you've yet to go on a date with me," Sirius answered with a matter of fact tone. He laughed and sat down in front of her. "Obviously, I felt that must be dealt with immediately." "Ah, this is your ego speaking. I would say I'd think about it, but my answer's no." Sirius whined, placing a hand over his heart. "You hurt me, love. Here I was thinking we had something special." "Well, you thought wrong," she quipped back, opening her book. Sirius hummed thoughtfully, even going as far as to hold his chin. He looked at Marlene and smiled. "Then I guess I'll just have to woo you." Marlene peeked at him and smirked. "You can try." Well, Sirius was always up for a challenge. "Roses are red, violets are blue, I didn't know what perfect was until I met you." There was a pregnant pause before she burst out laughing. Sirius would've been taken aback if her eyes weren't filled with mirth. "That is your daily pickup line for today, milady," he said, standing up and bowing dramatically before leaving her. He could still hear her giggle and he'd never realized how nice her laugh was until this moment. .oOo. The daily pickup lines continued and each time Sirius realized another thing that he liked about Marlene. He liked the way she laughed. How her face scrunched up and how she laughed from her gut that he was left in awe. He liked her generosity. How she always made room in her schedule to mentor the younger students and help them in any way she could, even himself when he needed help. He liked her determination. How she poured herself into her studies when it became difficult and how she managed to overcome any obstacles, that all Sirius could do was quietly support her from the side and refill her coffee. He liked her quirks. How she tried to avoid any cracks in the concrete lest her mother break her back and how she stuck out her tongue if she was focused. He liked many things about her, but he would guess he liked how real she was. How she never tried to pretend to be someone she wasn't. He wondered when she stopped being a challenge and became so much more. .oOo. It was days like these when Sirius wanted time to stop so he could savor every second of their time together. Days when they lazed around together outside, laying side by side, enjoying the warmth of the sun. Days when they could just enjoy each other's presence without having any need to speak. It's nice and different. It was something Sirius never thought he would enjoy. Marlene, having been worn down by Sirius's persistence a long time ago, turned her head and smiled dreamily. His chest felt warm and full at the sight. His brain urged him to run his fingers against Marlene's cheeks, to feel the warmth of her skin, so he did. She leaned into his touch and his heart did somersaults. They both leaned in and their lips brushed for a second before they pulled apart. He chuckled breathlessly and she laughed loudly. "What are we?" she asked, eyes hopeful and wide. Sirius' throat dried up and he cleared his throat. "Can't we stay like this?" he whispered hoarsely, unable to raise his voice louder. "That's not an answer." "I'm over the moon for you," he desperately responded, his eyes pleading. "Is that not enough?" Marlene looked disappointed, but she nodded. Sirius wanted to ease her worries, but his chest constricted at the thought and he pushed it aside. They were okay for now. They were okay, but for how long? Present Time: Potter Residence, Early Morning, A Week Later After an intense battle, Sirius realizes there might not be any other opportunity for him. It comes to him after seeing James and Lily embrace each other with soft murmurs of reassurance and love. Death is at every corner. There's no time to stall. He Apparates to Marlene's house the first chance he gets. He spent so much time debating on letting himself have a chance that he's like a dying man. When he gets there, he's immediately on alert. The sky is gloomy and the warmth that once surrounded the house is gone. The door is wide open. Sirius feels his heart drop to his stomach. He wants them to be a thing . He wants happiness, and his happiness is with her. He can only hope he's not too late. You see, he loves her, and he's finally ready to say yes.