everything…" He shrugged. "You'd made these plans a while back, I'm assuming, and I know how important your friendship with Angelina is… besides, I can still take the kids out, though it won't really be the same without you." She half-sighed, half-gasped as she hugged him awkwardly over the table top, kissing him on the cheek. "Oh, Harry, thank you for being so understanding." "I'm your husband, that's what I do," he said, raising his mug in toast. She laughed airily and almost skipped around the counter, kissing him again and all but running out of the room with a hurried, "I absolutely must tell everyone the good news." He watched her disappear out the door and turned back to his drink, staring at the remnants of it at the very bottom of his mug. A nagging sensation was tugging at the back of his mind, but he ignored it as he finished off the last bit of Firewhiskey and moved to the sink to rinse the mug clean. Whatever it was that Ginny wasn't telling him—and she most definitely wasn't telling him the entire truth—would come out sooner or later. He wondered briefly if this trip was what had put her in such a foul mood lately, and decided that their conversation had been for the best. The kids would be home in less than a day, and his nightmares weren't going anywhere, so the happier Ginny was, the better. It would be simpler to keep his insomnia a secret from her when she was busy doing whatever she wanted to do than when he could constantly feel her gaze on him all day long. He sighed, deciding that he may as well finish off what little bit of paperwork he had left since he wasn't about to get any sleep that night. [24 October 2011] 3:34 AM He started awake and blinked, stretching as he realised he had fallen asleep over his paperwork. The lights were off. and he figured it must've been Ginny's doing. Yawning, he eyed the clock on the desk and his eyebrows shot up. Half past three? How long have I been asleep? He scratched his chin as he looked around, sleep clouding his vision. Groaning softly, he stretched his hand out to turn on the table lamp when he heard some rustling from the side. He went rigid, now wide awake, all his senses focused on the soft sound coming from his left. Slowly reaching for his wand without a sound, he waved it so the door eased shut quietly. Unable to make out the dark figure—who had apparently not yet realised that he was awake—he flicked his wand again and all the lights in the study came on. Squinting from the sudden brightness, it only took him a second to recognise who the intruder was. "Ginny?" he asked incredulously. She stared at him wide-eyed, doubled over as she reached for something. Straightening up quickly, she watched him with weary eyes, her cheeks flushed and a guilty expression on her face. "I…was just—" she blustered, motioning to the pile of party decorations and the rolled banner under her arm. He frowned and shook his head. "Ginny, it's nearly four in the morning. What the hell are you doing?" She placed the things in her arms down carefully and turned to face him, pushing her short hair out of her face. "I thought I'd come call you to bed, but I saw you sleeping and tried to wake you up, and when you wouldn't, I decided I didn't want to bother you, so I was about to leave—" "And you suddenly decided to take the streamers with you?" he asked, the disbelief clear in his voice. "No, I just thought—I nearly tripped over them so I was picking them up—" "With the lights off?" "I didn't want to disturb you!" He shook his head, completely unconvinced. His irritation was rising back to the surface, and he wasn't in a mood to listen to his wife lie to his face in the middle of the night. "Go back to bed," he told her softly, when she looked like she wanted to say something else. Whether it was his expression or his tone of voice, or whatever else, she simply nodded and moved towards the door. Just before she stepped out, though, she bundled up the streamers and banner and everything else in her arms, and shut the door behind her. He stared at the dark wood and ruffled his hair in frustration. He had been under the impression that Ginny's weird behaviour had more to do with the fact that he had been tense and moody of late, or the stress from her work, and after their previous conversation, Angelina's birthday, for some odd reason, but the way she was acting was far too suspicious. Grinding his teeth, he turned back to his unfinished paperwork, pushing Ginny and their troubled relationship aside for the morning. A/n: Guess who's back with another multi-chap! That's right, me! Yay! So I've been meaning to write a Drarry for ages now and I finally decided, after the previous Drarry one-shot [Resanesco] I wrote, that it was high time I get down to it. This story focuses on Harry's relationships, mostly, with Ginny, Hermione, and a bunch of other people, till it actually lands on Drarry. So let's just say it's a slow, gradual progression of events, and as you've noticed, I have dates and times given for each section of the story because this is a very slow moving multi-chap, timeline wise, in comparison to my previous two. Well, that's all from me, and I don't want to ramble, so please leave me a review with your thoughts! Reviews are as precious to me as Drarry is, so you know what to do! P.S. a huge thanks to my amazing betas, nymphxdora and lokilette. They're fantabulous so make sure you check out their profiles! Lots of love~ Arty xx