sound of his wand ringing. "Ugh, stupid alarm charm." He blearily took in his surroundings. "Oh, yeah. I'm at Harry's." He ran his mind over the previous night. "Ugh," he repeated. Sitting up, Ron seized the hangover potion next to his bed and chugged down the vile liquid. His entire body relaxed. Groaning in relief, he stretched a little and took stock of the situation fully. Okay, so the situation wasn't ideal, but he hadn't screwed up too badly he didn't think. He hadn't said anything that couldn't be blamed on misspeaking while intoxicated, probably. Groaning again, he realized Harry was definitely going to want to talk about how bad alcohol was and how we should never ever drink alone, etc., etc. Well, he wasn't wrong. People were often surprised by the fact that Ron wasn't actually much of a drinker. Last night was wildly uncharacteristic of him, and if he weren't so dang tired, Ron recognized that he'd be feeling pretty embarrassed. He'd actually only had four butterbeers last night, but calling Ron a lightweight was practically an understatement. He groaned again, and prepared himself for the upcoming lecture. However, when he left the room, he couldn't find Harry anywhere. Had he already gone to work? It was only eight, but sometimes Harry did like to get in early. Shrugging off the uncomfortable feeling in his gut, Ron headed out the door. He figured he might as well get a head start on his day as well, because he'd almost definitely need to go home early to sleep. The following day, as Ron lazily fried up some sausage and mushrooms for dinner, he heard a knock at his front door. This was somewhat unusual. There wasn't a decent apparition point close to his apartment, so most of his friends simply floo'd. Charming his dinner to serve itself, Ron walked over to his front hall. "Harry?" he said, blinking rapidly, as he finished opening the door. "Hey," Harry said sheepishly, rubbing the back of neck. "Is this a bad time?" "What? No, 'course not. Come on in. I've got plenty of dinner made, let me just get out another plate." Ron might've been a bit caught off guard by recent events in his own love life, but no one could ever accuse him of being an unwelcoming host. "Sit down, mate," he said, gesturing largely at the table. "Thanks," said Harry, unexpectedly timidly. "I, uh, I might rather stand for just a minute though." "... Okay?" Harry took a deep breath. "I've got something I need to tell you Ron." Ron's stomach dropped to his feet, and his heart quickly took its place. He let out a nervous chuckle. "Alright, mate?" He was aware that his voice was pitched significantly higher than usual. "I …" Harry shook his head, and clenched his fists. "I'm in love with you." Whoa. What? No. No way. Not possible. Harry wasn't in love with Ron. That just didn't make sense. Ron had tested it. The results came back negative. The plan was not a success. Harry wasn't interested in Ron. Without thinking, Ron immediately responded, "No, you're not." Harry frowned, looking slightly offended. "I definitely am." "No," Ron repeated, shaking his head, "You're definitely not." Harry gave a slightly hysterical laugh. "Ron, I've been in love with you for more than ten years. I'm pretty sure I am." Ron paused. He shook his head again. "No," he said. "I would've known." "You're an idiot," Harry said, equal parts exasperated and fond. "Takes one to know one," Ron replied automatically. "Look," said Harry somewhat helplessly, "I'm sorry mate, but I thought… I thought you should know." He looked down at his feet. "I, uh, I'm going to go now, okay?" "What? No, we haven't eaten! You've got to stay for dinner," Ron said, aware that this wasn't necessarily relevant, but unable to yet form the sentences that needed to be said. He felt caught off-guard in a way he hadn't experienced since he was a lowly trainee in the Auror program. "I mean, uh, that is to say," he said, stumbling over his words, before finally settling on a simple plea. "Don't go. Please." "Okay," Harry agreed, his voice cracking. He was still looking at his feet. "You can't be in love with me," said Ron earnestly. He continued quickly before Harry could protest again, "I'm the one who's in love with you, mate. You've got it mixed up." "Ron," began Harry, finally looking up, a queer glint in his eye. "Sometimes the way your mind works is a genuine mystery to me, but I swear to Merlin, I am in love with you." With this announcement, a determined look appeared on his face. Taking the two steps towards Ron, Harry gently but firmly placed his hands on Ron's shoulders and placed a quick kiss on his lips. The fluttery warmth was gone before Ron had finished registering what was happening. He blinked very rapidly. "We're in love with each other?" he tried, his voice quiet and desperately hopeful. The idea felt too astounding and revolutionary to be said aloud. Harry laughed, an almost manic grin appearing on his face. "Looks like it," he agreed. Ron grinned back, his entire body relaxing for the first time in a week. "We're in love!" he exclaimed, finally beginning to understand. "You love me!" Without waiting for further confirmation, he stepped closer and planted a far longer (and messier) kiss on Harry than the one Harry had bestowed on Ron. Eventually pulling away to breath, the two men made eye-contact and began to giggle. Ron suddenly gasped. "What is it?" asked Harry. "I was right the first time," wondered Ron. He grinned. "You have been in unrequited love with me for years after all." "Oh, have I?" growled Harry playfully. "Well," amended Ron a few minutes later, "Perhaps not so unrequited." The End Author's Note: I hope you enjoyed this little piece of fluff. Please leave a review!