There was nothing to say, she could think of no words to respond to the crow-man named Death. She regarded the train beyond him; saw it glinting in the sunlight with an inviting twinkle. She wondered if he was crazy after all, no one sane would say that to her, but then no one sane spoke to her long enough to say anything at all. What did this change, if it was true? If she really was Death, a different Death than the one in front of her, did it change her expectations in life? If she was Death now then she had always been Death, even when her parents named her Ellie and the Dursley's had picked her up off the doormat. So what changed? She had a feeling that something must, that some drastic thing must define this moment, but she couldn't think of anything. She knew now that she'd go back, Death was right she could feel the way back to the living and the tree just behind her, and that when she did no one would be the wiser. She'd return inside to Mrs. Figg who'd ask questions about Dudley and school to be polite, she'd go home to the cupboard beneath the stairs and wonder if she'd ever get a room of her own, and she'd continue to do what she did every day of every year. It would only be inside, in her thoughts, that things would be at all different. Something must change, even if it was only for her own sense of wellbeing. There had to be some sort of significance. "I think, I need a new name then." She said with a strange sense of finality, "Can you think of one?" He smiled, a true but pained smile, as if he understood every thought that had just poured itself through her head. He shook his head slightly, but in a kind way, and said, "I was always terrible at naming children, I named them after humans I loved." She had loved very few things in her life. In spite of the blessings of genetics she did not love Dudley or aunt Petunia, and they in turn did not love her. She loved the feeling of sunlight in her hair, grass beneath bare feet, and the ever-changing watercolor that was the sky. She did not love people. She closed her eyes and pictured all the people she had ever met standing before her, they were few in number and only some were graced with names she remembered. In the end there was only one name to considered, hiding in between her own like a half remembered whisper, the name of a woman she had never and would never meet but one that would always be with her. "I'll be Lily then." She said, and so it was. After leaving Death at the train station in between life and death she found herself at the base of a familiar tree, lying sprawled on the ground with a kink in her neck. Lily wasn't sure if she'd ever see him again, he had still been standing there when she left, watching her go with distant eyes unsure if he would follow or wait in purgatory for some other train to arrive. She left with the feeling that for the first time in her life she had made a friend and found herself looking back at the tree as if he might come walking through it. He didn't, but she watched all the same, a new tender hope sneaking through her. "Ellie? Is that you out there, I thought I heard something." Mrs. Figg called from the back porch looking slightly worried at the sight of the red-headed girl staring with a somber expression at the tree. Lily turned away from the tree and walked back inside to where biscuits and tea awaited her with the feeling that everything and nothing had shifted on its slightly tilted axis. Author's Note: I suppose if I'm going to label this fic in any sort of genre I'd call it absurdist, because that's what I'm really aiming for it to be, other than that I feel like I can't explain where I'm going with this without going there. Thanks for readings and reviews would be wonderful. Author's Note (5/5/2012): It's come to my attention that I have a small case of false advertising with this story. Or at least, with my ridiculous summary and then my choice of genre this story comes off as something that it's note. This isn't a crack fic. It presents itself as a crack fic, most of the time, but at it's heart it isn't one. As I stated above if I was to label it with any sort of genre I'd call it absurdist, it has funny moments, but funniness has never been the point. Lily, as the narrator, has a pretty impressive bias towards her actions. In truth she's a pretty terrible person with despicable actions, her morals are very much lacking, but it's not immediately evident since she's not a sadist and takes no real enjoyment in others pain. So if you're coming into this story seeking an underdog, who you can get fully behind and root for, then this story probably isn't for you. This is also a long story and I like moving in directions that people don't necessarily think of. So the story you see in the first ten chapters, first twenty chapters, might not be the story you end up with. Lily develops at a slow place a character, this doesn't mean she'll never develop. If she doesn't lose now it doesn't mean she'll never lose, if she fails to connect to her peers and humanity now it doesn't mean she never will, etc. So please, if you read, have faith in that despite all appearances to the contrary I do have some plan with an underlying theme to it. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter.