he smiled a little at the peanut before putting it into his mouth. The compartment door slid open. "We're baaaaack!" Sirius hurtled into the compartment, followed a few paces behind by Peter, heaving his luggage behind him, and Remus, who was helping Peter carry a small rucksack. "Hello, Peter," Lily said kindly to the mousy-haired boy. Peter smiled at her, but it looked like he was forcing it in lieu of the effort it took to carry his suitcase. Lily got up to help him hoist the luggage onto the shelf. "Hi, Lily. Hi, James. What are you eating?" "Peanuts," Lily replied. Her back was to the boys, so it wasn't until Remus, in a slightly alarmed voice, asked, "Is that what's in your mouth, James?" Lily turned around to see expressions of horror on Remus's, Sirius's, and Peter's faces. James, on the other hand, looked perfectly calm as he munched and swallowed. "It was just one," he said innocently - and that's when he began to cough violently. "Mate, you're severely bloody allergic to nuts!" Lily gaped and, forgetting she was helping Peter with his luggage, promptly dropped her arms (Peter, who had been distracted as well, suddenly found he could not support his bags anymore and they landed on the ground and his feet with a resounding crash) and pointed at James. "He's what ?!" Remus was already rummaging through James's suitcase, while Sirius pulled out his wand and began to tap it on James's throat. Lily watched in panic as James doubled over and wheezed out, "It's - fine - I'm totally - fine!" Her mind raced to remember the different spells for fighting against allergens and allergic reactions, but she'd actually never researched that in depth before - oooh, she had to remember to ask Madam Pomfrey when they got to Hogwarts, but for now, Lily had no way of helping. She considered running outside and trying to catch her parents and Petunia to borrow her sister's EpiPen - but the good thing was that Sirius and Remus seemed to know exactly what to do already. Remus had dug out a little flask of dark orange-ish liquid from James's bag, which he put in a dropper and squeezed into James's mouth while Sirius tried to hold him still. Whatever the liquid was, it seemed to have an immediate effect - one second, James was coughing so hard Lily feared he would vomit or hyperventilate, and the next, he was sitting up straight with a lopsided grin on his face. "See? Nothing to it," he said, as if his best friends and Lily weren't staring at him, shocked and hearts still pounding in adrenaline. His voice sounded completely normal. "Thanks, mates." He clapped Sirius and Remus on the backs, then lifted a hand. "Hey, Pete. How was summer?" Peter's mouth opened and closed like a fish. "G-great, James. Merlin, I've never seen that happen before -" Sirius, who was breathing heavily, whacked James on the shoulder before slumping on the seat. "That's because this is the most dimwitted thing he's done since we've all met. And that's saying something." James spotted Lily looking at him. "Worried for a moment there, Evans? I'm honored." He winked. Lily suddenly realized that her hands were clamped around her mouth, and she removed them. "Potter -" She shook her head, aghast. "Why would you eat that in the first place if you're so allergic? Did you forget that you're deathly allergic to nuts? How does one even forget something like that?" Remus had sunken down onto the compartment floor, screwing the cap back on the flask. "Well, if you were the one who offered it to him, I doubt he forgot." He threw James an exasperated look. "What?" James bounded to his feet and grinned. Picking up Peter's luggage and easily hoisting it up, he said mildly, "Well, naturally, I remember everything. But how could I refuse something from you, Lily?" Lily stared, gobsmacked. "I can't believe this." He was so calm . Nothing about James Potter was making sense to her right now. "What would you have done if Black and Remus hadn't come? What if I'd been in here and couldn't do anything? Don't you think things through, Potter?!" She huffed at him, unsure why she was still breathing so heavily. She dodged around him to snatch up the rest of her peanuts. "I need to find Marlene," she declared to the Marauders, before stomping out of the compartment, muttering under her breath about how maybe he should have finished off the bag if he was going to eat one anyway. After the compartment door slammed, James Potter's smile only increased. He sprawled himself on the seats across from Sirius and Remus. "Did you see how worked up she was because of me?" "To be brutally honest, mate," said Sirius from where he had curled up, "I think she was worked up over your lack of any common sense." "It was worth it, though," said James, quite unfocused. The ceiling of the compartment blurred in his gaze as he thought of Lily's face as he held out the pack of peanuts to her - the slight bewilderment but grudging awe in her pretty green eyes at his magic. He hadn't known those two days of looking over his books, for lack of much else to do, would bring him such good luck. In the background, Peter whispered to Remus and Sirius, "Eating something dangerous just because she gave it to him - he's got it bad, doesn't he?" The response came from all three of the remaining Marauders, two exasperated, one dreamily. "Really bad." First story I'm posting in absolutely AGES, and nothing like humor, fluff, and a pinch of Jily to start it off. Hopefully you enjoyed it! I'm currently looking to get back in the groove of fanfiction writing, so I'd love any suggestions on how to do so - and definitely critiques/suggestions on my writing itself!