asked wiggling his eyebrows at the pair who had guilty swollen lips and messy hair. " Well actually.." Fred started. " No, Fred was about to come looking for you Georgie. We're ready, just give us a minute." She cut in quickly, "And by the way George, it's 'Rock and Roll.'" " Rock, Bolder. Tomato, Potato." George giggled, "We have 5 minutes until operation 'Take Down the Pink Cat', so hurry up you two." As he left the passageway, he was whistling something that sounded like a mixture of the Death March and 'Fred and Hermione sitting in a tree." " Listen Herm.." " No you listen to me Fred Weasley. I've been in lo..I've fancied you since I met you in first year. You're reckless, you don't care about the rules.." Pausing for a moment to catch her breath and hopefully calm her quick heart rate, she continued, "I know there will be a war. And I know that I will be near the center of it. I know that people will be hurt, I know that there is a very real probability that I won't make it out. I'm best friends with bloody Harry Potter. I'm a..a mudblood. I-I have a target on my back. But if you promise me that you will do everything in your power to stay safe, I promise to do the same. You can't be reckless during this war Freddie, you have to fight smart, stay alert. You have to take care of your family, Ginny, George, so you cannot be worrying about me. You have to protect yourself. If you can promise me that, I'll wait for you. I'll travel through hell, I'll kill bloody Voldemort, I'll do whatever it takes to get back home. Back to you." " Deal." he replied, his eyes shining. If this brilliant witch wanted him to fight bravely and smart so she could come back to him at the end of the war, that was exactly what he was going to do. -OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo- As Fred was reliving his fondest memories of he and Hermione, the fireworks he set off in his seventh year were slowly taking on new forms. They seemed more menacing. His twin didn't seem to notice but Fred could tell something was wrong. The reds and the greens looked more like the lights that accompany curses. What was going on? And why was no one else worried? As he looked down into the crowd of people watching he and George, he caught sight of Hermione. She was crying. No, she wasn't just crying, she was screaming at him as well. Why couldn't he hear her? This wasn't how this was supposed to go...They were supposed to make a swamp of the halls of Hogwarts. Then they were supposed to set fireworks and fly out on their brooms during the fifth years DADA O.W.L.S. with Umbridge. This was supposed to be an exciting time for the students, so why did Hermione look so distraught? Why couldn't he hear anything? And why were the fireworks explosions so strange. They were supposed to make animals and the 'WWW' sign of their new joke shop. They weren't supposed to be firing into the crowds of students. They weren't supposed to look like spells. He looked back down at Hermione and saw something caused him to immediately stop flying. His twin didn't seem to notice and continued to fly like everything was normal. But everything was not normal. Where the once distraught Hermione once stood was a different Hermione. She looked older. Her eyes looked like they had seen much more of this war than had even started. She was bruised and bloodied and she had her wand pointed straight at him. He couldn't hear her, or anything really, but he could read her lips: "Ligabis Vitae." What the bloody hell.. Before he could even finish the thought Fred Weasley was hit by a flash of blue light, and everything was dark. -OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo- As Fred started to sit up, he could tell something was wrong. Where was he? And why was he covered in rubble? Had something happened with the fireworks? As he looked around him, it all came back. He was in the middle of battle, the Battle of Hogwarts. A wall had exploded and fallen on top of him. He should be dead. Why wasn't he dead? As continued to look around, he saw his family and friends all around him firing curses and hexes at the seemingly never ending army of death eaters. He was starting to become frantic when he didn't see a bushy brown haired girl fighting alongside his family. Where was she? Finally, turning to his right, he saw the face he had been searching for, Hermione. She was dressed exactly how he had seen her when his..life flashed before his eyes?..no it wasn't his entire life, George would have been there more..No those memories were just memories of her. He looked up at her face and was startled when he noticed how pale she was. She had blood dripping into her eyes and around her temples from what looked like a slash along her hairline. Her arms had bruises and cuts all over them, one cut looking like it could almost have spelled something and she looked like she could barely stand. Her grip on her wand was tight however and for some reason it looked like she had a slight blue glow around her entire body. What was going on? "Hermi.." he reached towards her. "Huh, it actually worked." She breathed, slightly surprised. As he tried to get to his feet to get closer to her, he felt an intense stab of pain near his temple and in his chest. His sight clouded over for only a moment, but when he regained his vison, he watched as Hermione collapsed right in front of him, all of the light that surrounded her vanishing as her wand rolled out of her hand.