the bush. " Easier than anticipated. He was quite drunk by the time he got home." Bastien just nodded at the end of the statement before commenting. " The second half of the money will be transferred to your account by midday tomorrow." . " Before I take my leave, i have a couple of questions. What made you, a senior department head at the ministry go after another without any solid evidence? And more importantly, how did you find me?" The answer to these questions was something that Triton really wanted to know. Bastien look at Triton before giving a brief sigh. " Jean-Luc has been trying to get my daughters for a while now. And while I can't prove that it was him, I know it has been him. He has been giving me smug looks and makes cracks about my family almost every time we see each other. He is especially vindictive whenever there was a recent attack." And there it was. The loosening of the reputation of honor that this man had built. This time because of family. The 'good' people of society usually turned the nastiest when their family gets involved. " And the answer to the second question?" this time Bastien got a sparkle in his eye. " Well I'm just going to have to call that a trade secret." Triton nearly groaned. He had used his own words against him and he knew it was annoying him a little. Triton's respect for him went up a notch. Just a small one. Triton then pushed himself off of the wall that he had been leaning on before he turned to leave the office Before he was fully out of the door he was called back by the head auror. " If I could have a few more moments of your time I have a proposition for you." Triton turned, walked back into the room, and reassumed the position that he had just vacated. " I'm listening." he intoned. Bastien just looked at him before replying. " My family and I are going to the world cup this year and I need someone to watch after my daughters." Triton looked at him for a second before responding. " Don't you have aurors for that job?" Bastien nodded his head. " We do indeed but there remains the fact that you are the best in the field along with the fact that you are closer in age to my daughters than any of my aurors are and can blend in easier." Triton ran over the facts in his head and weighed the pros and cons of taking the assignment. He came out of his thinking when he heard Bastien start again. " I will also pay double what I was paying you for the mission tonight. That put more weight into the pro section of the argument. " Also you will be provided with a tent near our site that will be paid for by us." A smile grew on Triton's face. It seemed like a nice and easy gig. There wasn't likely to be anything happening at an event like this. The most he would probably have to defend against would be drunkards and a few too bold perverts. Triton the returned his gaze to Bastien. " So when are you guys leaving for the cup?" Triton asked. " In a week. We will be traveling by portkey and staying for a week. My daughters wanted to experience the atmosphere that this type of competition creates." Bastien replied almost immediately. " Will I be staying with you the entire week or just the day of the finals?" Triton enquired. " The entire week. You are there to blend in as a family friend." Triton thought it over. He could play nice for this easy payday. He then thought of something. " How am I supposed to interact with your daughters?" Bastien thought about it for a moment before replying just stay by their side and protect them from harm. Triton dismissed that idea. " That won't work. If I am supposed to be a family friend I will need to actually converse with your daughters. I will be coming back to this house in three days to get acquainted with your family." Triton stated. Bastien gave a small start at the declaration. " I don't think that that is the best idea. My family can be a little hard to handle." Bastien explained. Regardless, I will be here in three days. Explain to your family what is going on so that this can go smoothly. And if there is nothing more, then I will be on my way." With his piece being said he walked out of the office and headed back upstairs and headed out the way he came in, all the while missing the pair of azure eyes that watched his retreating back. After he climbed out of the window he fixed the lock that he had broken to get in. When he got to the ward line he gathered the energy to freeze them again. As he stepped out of the ward line he turned to take one last look at the chateau before disappearing with no clues that he was ever there. When Triton reappeared in his safehouse he let out a small groan and went into the bathroom. As he got in he looked at the mirror and took off his hood. Eyes the color of the ocean and shoulder length hair as pale as light blue frost. Slowly the hair started receding into a neater style going to his mid neck while turning dark black. All the while his eyes turned back to the piercing green that he was born with. With the transformation complete, Triton relaxed all of the mental defences as well as the stopped the magic that was constantly running through his system for more combat effectiveness and went to go take his well deserved rest.