to St Mungo's, but honestly, Harry didn't think he could dream up a better way to spend his time than finding ways to make his kids happy. And if that required playing the role of Lily's make-up doll, or asking Fleur and Ginny for incredibly awkward beauty tips (he'd have asked Hermione, but his best-friend barely believed in make-up, and the one time he'd tried asking he had been lectured for three hours on animal testing and the cruelty thereof), well he'd do it a thousand times over. "You could do this yourself, you know," he told her as he carefully applied the mascara and tried not to smear the golden eyeshadow he had put on her eyelids first. "I know," Lily replied. "But I wanted you to do it." She was using her mother's 'that's how it is and if you don't like it you can leave' tone, so Harry simply hummed tunelessly and completed his assigned task. "There, all done now," he said, stepping back. "How do I look?" Lily asked brightly. "Like an angel," Harry assured her. "You're biased, though," she pouted. It made the red of her lips stand out sharply against her pale skin, and combined with her red hair and creamy gown, Harry thought that she indeed looked like some kind of otherworldly vision. "Don't worry, I'm pretty sure your fiancé is the same way," he retorted amusedly. "But really, you look perfect. Just like your mother," he added. Lily beamed. "I did get the good genes from her side of the family." "You got the best out of the both of us," Harry corrected, snorting a little. Lily fell silent at that, her green eyes scrutinizing Harry's face sharply. "Hmm," she said, "I guess I did." She tucked her wand away against her ankle as she slipped on her heels, and stood up. "Now go, and knock them dead," Harry said, voice full of emotions as he gestured to the door. "That'd be a terrible way to start the wedding, Dad," Lily replied dryly, but her eyes were laughing. "Also, you're walking with me, remember?" "I remember," Harry said, "but I always wanted to say that." Lily laughed, and together they pushed the doors open and walked off toward where the ceremony was starting to happen. "Ready?" Harry asked as he offered his daughter his arm. "Ready," Lily confirmed with a smile bright enough to put out the sun. She sounded nervous still, but she was almost vibrating with excitement. "Then let's get going," Harry replied. Whatever would happen now, as long as it kept Lily smiling that way, Harry wouldn't complain. (bonus) "So, Potter, how does it feel to know you're going to be related to me now?" Harry snorted. He didn't need to turn around to recognize the speaker; the familiar drawl had done that all on its own. "How does it feel to know you're going to be related to a Weasley?" Ginny countered, sliding in beside Harry like she belonged there (which she did). She was smirking, an almost cruel glint flittering in her eyes. Draco looked as though he had bitten into something sour, but Astoria laughed. "She got you there, dear," she said, patting at Draco's arm comfortingly. Draco huffed, but he looked at his wife fondly, before he rolled his eyes and refocused on Harry and Ginny. "Well, I guess that at least family dinners won't be boring anymore," he said, sounding so forlorn at the thought that Harry had to bite back his laughter. "That is true," he admitted. Somewhere close, Scorpius and Lily were dancing. Harry knew this because he could hear Lily's laughter, clear as bells, echo through the air. "As long as they're happy," he finally sighed. "As long as they're happy," Draco agreed, and as Ginny and Astoria looked on approvingly, the two men shook hands. "See? I'm telling you, in ten years they'll even be friends," Astoria whispered into Ginny's ear over her glass. "Ten? Please, we can make it happen in five, at most," Ginny retorted, laughing. Harry and Draco shared a panicked look, and Ginny and Astoria laughed. "To new family," Ginny said with a wink as she toasted her glass against Astoria's. "To new family," Astoria toasted back, smiling as she downed her drink after that. "Now come on," Ginny said, putting down her empty glass in a nearby tray, "you can keep my husband company while I dance with my new son-in-law, and your husband can dance with my daughter." "That," Astoria replied, feeling oddly confident, "sounds like an amazing idea." "You'll find that I'm full of those," Ginny said, waving Harry over. Moments later, they were all walking to the dancefloor. "Your wife is, uh," Astoria stuttered at Harry as they stood on the fringes of the dancing, unsure of how to properly describe the whirlwind that Ginny Potter had just been. "She's quite something, isn't she?" Harry laughed, eyes full of fond affection. Astoria snorted, eyes drawn to where her son awkwardly tried to twirl said woman as the redhead danced something entirely out of tune to the song currently being played. "That she is," she said. "That she is." For some reason, that made Harry laugh again. "Don't worry, Lily's not quite as wild as my wife. Well, not always," he snickered, pointing to where Lily was literally dancing circles around Astoria's increasingly bewildered husband. Astoria blinked, lips twitching up as she took in the sight. "Should I rescue him?" "Well, you could , but Lily's harmless, really. Besides, isn't this more fun?" Despite herself, Astoria found herself huffing out a laugh. "Yes… Yes, I guess it is." "Besides, I'm sure they'll switch when this song ends, and we wouldn't want to miss that," Harry added with a wink, making Astoria notice that the two pairs were indeed getting closer to each other. She laughed again. Harry was right—this wasn't something she wanted to miss. Not for all the riches in the world.