There's plenty of room." Unfortunately, Sirius wasn't going to give up without a fight. He absolutely adored Tonks and hated what happened between her and Remus. "I'm sure she's willing to forgive the thing with Kingsley, since you two were broken up at the time." "Sorry, Padfoot." Remus tried not to look at her. "But… I'm seeing someone." "Who?" Sirius demanded. "Spend Christmas with them." "Sirius!" Harley yelled as Remus started to turn pink. Anyone who messed with Remus, answered to her. "Why are you being so mean?" "He's…" Sirius gritted his teeth. "We never get any alone time together, Har." Why would they need alone time? And just last week they went to Ginny's Harpies game together! Sirius wouldn't meet her eye. He couldn't… No. It was preposterous. Sirius was like her dad. Harley suddenly felt very uncomfortable. "Remus is coming," she insisted. "Or I'm not going." Sirius looked hurt, but Harley couldn't help it. She'd just blame him, saying it was his fault for being nasty to Remus. "You don't think…" Harley snuck into Remus's room after everything was unpacked at the cabin, and Sirius was snoring away. "That Sirius, you know, likes me." Remus sat up to get a better look at her in the dark. There was a funny look in his eyes, but it wasn't the usual infuriating, Dumbledore-worthy twinkle. "… You really are as fat headed as your father." "It makes sense." Harley sat up and for once, covered herself with the blanket. "He wanted to get me alone! Probably to tell me something. And you know what it is! So you came to put a stop to it!" "That's not what it is." But Remus wouldn't tell her what it really was. He must be lying. "I'm sure he's going to tell you. Although I don't want him to. And if he does…" He reached out to brush some of her hair away from her face. "I'll be here for you, okay?" "And not with Tonks… Or Kingsley… Or…" She frowned when Remus laughed quietly. "What? It's not my fault you're a slag." "He doesn't fancy you. Trust me." Remus kissed her shoulder. "He doesn't see you that way. And I shouldn't either." Harley closed her eyes and turned her face towards the ceiling. "Don't make me regret inviting you." With a sigh, she opened her eyes and faced him. "I don't want to hide anymore." "Wait." He always said to wait. "Until this thing with Sirius blows over. Now is not the right time." "It never is," Harley grumbled as she rose out of bed. He grabbed her wrist, silently pleading with her to stay, but she slowly, almost reluctantly, slipped it out of his grasp. "Can't have Sirius catch us now, can we?" "Harley…" "I'm going to bed." Sirius would like to say he barely slept, but around two, he was out like a light. He didn't even dream about James and Harley hating him. The biting cold woke him up before he had a chance to the guilt sink in. Sirius peeled open his eyes to see that he wasn't clenching his fists. He was holding ski poles. Harley must've charmed him to sleep last night. "You ready, Padfoot?" Harley grinned evilly. "There's no way you'll get rid of your fear unless you face it head on! C'mon! Remus is waiting for us at the bottom of the hill!" Before he could apparate, Harley gave him a shove, sending him gliding down the hill. As she followed, she matched his screams of terror with a, "WOHOOO!" The cold felt like it was peeling his face off, and Sirius had to use all the effort that was focused on not dying on not pissing all over himself. It was over in a flash, although he nearly broke his neck twice. He was almost down the hill when he face planted right into the snow, which muffled Harley's evil laughter. Remus was the one to help him up as just as Harley slid over to them and covered the both of them in snow. "Did he pee?" "No," Remus said before he could and held out his hand. "Pay up." There was some grumbling from Harley, but she did indeed hand Remus a few galleons, after giving him a once over and checking the snow for yellow. Some friends he had. Breakfast. The cabin came with a house elf who could cook anything imaginable. Harley asked for a full English, just like him, while Remus picked at a simple omelet. Sirius couldn't hold it in anymore, but every time he tried to say something, Remus interrupted. "I'm sure we can find a puppy if we go into town!" Harley was oblivious. "Buy me a husky, Padfoot." "I'm your father," Sirius said before Remus could try to answer for him. He froze, but Harley merely rolled her eyes, not understanding what he was trying to say. She waved him off and ate a spoonful of beans. "Yes. What? Does that mean you get to pick the dog? It'll be creepy if you pick one that looks like your animagus from, Padfoot. Especially if it goes into heat before we can get it fixed. And we are getting a girl." "No. I mean…" Sirius winced when Remus kicked his shin from the table. He understood how devastating this would be to Harley, but this wasn't something he could let go. There was no way he could spend the rest of his life lying to his daughter. "I'm your biological father." Everything went downhill from there. Note: I picked Harley's name because of Harley Davidson motorcycles, and she's a lot like Sirius, who loves his motorcycle. So she's not named after Harley Quinn. I haven't seen the movie yet. No one will go with me. :'( So, what do you think? :D Part two will be up in a week or two, but I'd know how you guys feel about this! Especially Harley and Remus!