then proceeds to untuck the flap of the envelope and withdraw a piece of glossy parchment. A short gasping breath is impelled from her as if she's been punched in the stomach. The envelope falls to the floor. It's all over. The monochromatic photograph shows a zoomed-in image of a naked couple on a bed. Their writhing activity is caught in a perpetual loop in explicit, erotic detail: the slim woman sits astride her partner, her back arched, head thrown back and lips parted in blissful abandon. Slowly she slides up and sinks down upon the thick, jutting member of her dark-haired partner whose hands reach up to cup and caress her gently bouncing breasts... "Anyone you recognise, Miss Granger?" Lucius's words are an open jibe. Of course she recognises them; the woman is her . The man... It had only been once—just once! One wild, drunken, wonderful night...It had been her birthday, and she'd booked a table for four at the Merlin Hotel's swanky new restaurant. There was almost a fatalistic inevitability about the whole situation: Ron not showing up, Ginny pleading off due to severe pregnancy nausea... "How did you get this?" she hisses at the blond wizard. She feels sick at heart, but it isn't guilt or even fear of being caught. It's the tainting and cheapening of a memory which had become precious, almost sacred to her over time. "Perhaps you didn't know that my business portfolio includes investment in the hospitality industry." Despair claws at her insides. "...You own the Merlin hotel?" she asks with a bitter smile. "I own Accio International." Ah, so that's why she never associated his name with the Merlin—it is a smaller subsidiary of his multinational company. Of course, if she'd known that, she'd never have put so much as a toe through its glittering doors... A shiver runs through her. "So what happens now?" she whispers. She's no longer tethered by reins, but bound by chains. She's completely in her enemy's power. Her own career prospects would never survive the scandal, but she's thinking more of Harry at this moment. She knows how deeply he regretted the fling; she knows how much he adores Ginny and worships the boys and little Lily. A revelation would destroy...everything. Who was she to wreck his happy home, just because her own has imploded? Lucius Malfoy stands up. He makes a display of leisurely fixing a loosened cufflink, of smoothing down his sharply-cut suit jacket and neatening his cravat. He's in no hurry. Somehow, she knows he's patiently awaited this moment for ten long years, and he's savouring the last few moments of the pieces of his revenge clicking into place. With an almost feline grace, he silently moves around the desk and comes to stop in front of the chair on which she sits like a statue, barely breathing, the photo still clutched in her hands. He leans down and plucks it crisply from her numb fingers, then slides it in an inner breast pocket of his suit. His scent is overbearingly, nauseatingly sweet. For a moment she fears she might be sick all over his sharply pointed patent leather business shoes. "Now, Miss Granger," he drawls—and she is acutely reminded of the muggle fairytale about the wolf who swallows a bag of flour to make his voice sound soft and silky—"suppose we start again with our negotiations?" … She arrives home that evening with a brand new letter clutched in her hand. Her fingers are still shaking, but it's no longer with fear. It's now with rage. She almost laughs at the pathetic tableaux she is met with. Ron, sprawled on their shabby couch, drowning himself in cheap whiskey and cheaper self-pity. He doesn't comment on the fact she's later home than usual, or even the fact that their children are missing. She wonders if he even noticed. Wordlessly, she hands him the letter; sees his puffy face turn from worried confusion to relieved realization, as he discovers his release from his debts and exoneration from any criminal wrongdoing. She never felt more disgusted by anyone in her life, not even herself—and after this today's degrading encounter, that's saying something. She stands there, scornfully watching her husband's idiotic jubilation, while the afternoon's events replay over and again in her mind... lying upside down on a huge leather sofa, her mouth crammed and throat constricted by Lucius Malfoy's slowly-pistoning cock...crying out with humiliating pleasure as he mercilessly hammered into her traitorously spasming core...gasping at the stinging wrench of his fingers in her hair as he held her still and splattered her face with his spurting spend... And as she recalls every demeaning, debasing detail of her subjugation, her husband continues his contemptible, crowing celebrations. It's not until he's downed three more shots of whiskey before he even thinks to question her about how she obtained the letter. By then she's already retrieved the suitcase she packed this morning, and she addresses him impassively from the doorway, her anger dismantled in the face of his utterly puerile behaviour. "I'm leaving, Ron. We're leaving. The kids are already with mum. I'll collect them when I've found a flat." Ron doesn't respond right away. For a long moment he just stares blearily at her through a haze of disbelief and alcohol, his mouth opening and shutting like a fish. Then his face crumples. "Yoo...you're...not really leaver...leaving me, Mion?" His slurring speech is barely intelligible. "...Miny?...ssshit...Mione?" "Yes, Ron, I'm leaving you," she replies with cold contempt. "Forever." She's had it with the selfishness of men—Ron's weak and parasitic nature, Lucius Malfoy's predatory manipulations...even Harry's hurtful pretence that nothing ever happened between them. ...It's all selfishness, pure and simple. Never again. Never again will she allow herself to be used. She pauses on the threshold; turns back one last time. "And Ron?...Just... grow the fuck up ." The door slams behind her with ringing finality. ... A/N Thanks for reading! Please let me know your thoughts :)