turned red as she tried to free herself from Fenrir's grip. "What is going on?" Fenrir shrugged and released Bellatrix's hair and offering a hand to help her up, "Nothing at all Lestrange. Just a bit of fun." "You need to keep your hands to yourself dog," Rodolphus spat, wand raised as he walked towards Fenrir who looked rather bored. Bellatrix got to her feet quickly, "I can handle myself!" She shouted defensively. Fenrir laughed dryly, "Uh oh, you've upset the little girl." "Get. Out. Of. My. House." Rodolphus said, scowling. Fenrir shrugged, "See you tomorrow little girl… you as well Bas," He went to leave but paused in front of Rodolphus, "Quite a fickle girl you got there. Best keep an eye on her." Rodolphus kept his lips pressed into a thin line. Fenrir chuckled before he walked out. "I can handle myself," Bellatrix repeated taking slow steps towards Rodolphus. Her eyes glinted dangerously. "How are you mad at me right now you- you were on your knees-WITH GREYBACK! What were you doing?" Bellatrix was humiliated. She was rarely (if ever) bested. To be beaten by a dirty blooded half-breed was the biggest disgrace. Rabastan stepped forward to put a hand on his brother's shoulder, "Rodolphus, think carefully before-" "Bellatrix. What happened?" Quickly she grabbed her wand off the counter, "Fuck you." Rodolphus went to grab her arm but she thrashed free and stormed out of the kitchen. Cursing he went to follow her unaware of what her problem was and why she wouldn't explain the situation. "Nice one brother," Rabastan called after him. "Fuck off Bas." Rodolphus caught up to her outside and grabbed her arm, "Care to tell me what happened?" Bellatrix glared up at him, using anger to hide her humiliation, "We were messing around?" "Messing around?" Rodolphus asked disbelievingly. She pulled her arm free, "It was a joke-" "Was he attacking you?" Bellatrix laughed, "Yeah as if I would be bested by a fleabag." Rodolphus grimaced, "You seem upset." "Piss off Rodolphus." She muttered before disapparating. Bellatrix flung open the front door open and ran to her room. She slammed the bedroom door behind her. "Bella!" Druella shouted after her. "Not now, mother!" There was a loud crash followed by the sound of things shattering against the wall. Cygnus cursed, hesitantly made his way up the stairs and down the hall to knock his daughter's door, "Bella dear?" The door shook as something crashed against it. "Bellatrix you're 18 years old you can't act like this anymore!" Druella shouted helplessly as she ran up the stairs after them. Narcissa peaked out of her room, "Mom, what's going on?" Druella ran her fingers through her silvery hair, "Just...go to bed Cissa." "But mom-" "Bed!" Cygnus continued to slam on the door. Druella sighed, shaking her head as she went to convince Narcissa to go to bed. After a minute of banging, Cygnus gave up and made his way back downstairs to see Rodolphus Lestrange stood in the frame of the front door with his arms crossed. Cygnus sighed. "Hello, Rodolphus." "Sir, I was wondering if I may speak to you about your daughter. Since she refuses to speak to me." He said closing the door behind him. Cygnus nodded and gestured towards the sitting room. "I presume this isn't about Andromeda or Narcissa," Cygnus said taking a seat on the overstuffed couch. Rodolphus laughed without humor as he took a seat on the chair across from him, "You're correct." "Did it not go well with the Dark Lord?" Rodolphus shook his head, "No, that went fine… he was most impressed." Cygnus nodded approvingly. "Then what is this about?" "Her temper. Her lack of respect-" "Be careful. You are speaking about my daughter. You are speaking of a Black. I believe that it is you who lacks respect." Cygnus said firmly, standing so he could stare down at Rodolphus. "Sir I-" "Do I make myself clear?" Rodolphus huffed, "She's unreasonable." Cygnus leaned closer, his eyes dark and cold, "Then you be reasonable. If you are to marry my daughter-" "What if I don't?" He snapped. Cygnus pursed his lips, "Do not play me, boy. We both know you wouldn't disrespect our traditions like that." Rodolphus stood up and meet Cygnus' hard stare, "Don't challenge me. We're both aware how far rumors of Bellatrix have spread. There's not exactly a lineup of men waiting to ask for her hand." Cygnus froze. It wasn't untrue. Bellatrix intimidated most of the men whom she had met. The Lestranges, however, were not intimidated. "If that is truly what you believe then you are a fool. But please boy, if you think your parents will approve of you backing out of this engagement then please do so," He challenged. Rodolphus swallowed and took a deep breath, his stance became rigid, "I'm a grown man- I don't fear my parents." Cygnus nodded as he straightened his tie, "Very well. I will tell Bellatrix she is free to pursue other options." Cygnus turned to leave but Rodolphus grabbed his shoulder. "I'm... sorry sir- please forgive my abrasiveness. I was merely distressed." Cygnus held back a sneer, "Don't let it happen again. Do you require anything else of me?" "Rabastan-he would like to escort Andromeda on a date Saturday evening." "I think that's a lovely idea," Druella said cheerfully as she entered the room. Her eyes, however, were manic and her body tense. Rodolphus smiled bitingly, "Lovely. I best get going." "Yes, that would be wise." Cygnus agreed. Rodolphus nodded and left swiftly. Once Druella was sure Rodolphus was gone she smacked her husband hard on the arm. "Druella!"He objected. "You are lucky he didn't call your bluff." She spat. Cygnus sighed, "He's the lucky one." She shook her head, "This is no time to be prideful Cygnus. If he didn't marry her… Who would? People think that Bella is crazy." "Dear," Cygnus said softly, "Bellatrix is crazy." AN: Our little love birds. Bless them.