distrust; his bright eerie green eyes stared coldly at the man that sat on the bed across from him. "Prove it. Prove that Magic exists." He demanded. Dumbledore looked the boy over closely. He knew from just the boys attitude he was use to getting his way, that he always had people doing what they were told when young Hadrian told them too. With a purse of his lips, Dumbledore pulled out his thin and beautifully crafted wand from his wand holster on his wand arm. Pointing it at the wardrobe and with a mutter of spell, the closet caught on fire, burning a bright redish orange. Hadrian gave a shocked cry as he jumped up from his position at the desk. The sound of something rattling within the confines of the closet caused Hadrian to stiffen, whether in fear or shock, Albus wasn't sure. "I believe you have something in your closet that doesn't belong." The older man stated as he looked at the young boy over his glasses. Hadrian gave the man a sharp look, but walked slowly over to his closet. Pulling it open slowly he looked down at the rattling box with trepidation. He bent down and scooped the box up into his arms. Walking back over to the desk he dumped the box onto the table, allowing all his prizes fall onto the wooden and aging desk. "I believe you shall return those to their rightful owners and apologize. Hogwarts does not accept liars and thieves." Albus looked down at the tall eleven-year-old boy standing at the desk. "Do you understand?" He questioned firmly. "Yes Sir." Hadrian muttered with a glare down at the box. Jewelry, notebooks, yo-yos, and many other treasures that he had collected over time now lay bare before him and his new Professor. "Here is your letter and a bag of money, enough for you to get your school supplies. Shall I have someone take you to Diagon Alley?" Albus questioned. "No thank you sir. If you could just give me directions on how to get there, I shall be fine on my own." Hadrian replied calmly. His bright eyes stared into Albus's own clear sky blues. Reaching forward he took the letter and bag of money that was held out to him. Setting it back down on the desk he turned to look out the window. "Is that all sir?" The raven-haired adolescent inquired quietly. His voice was emotionless. His hold over his emotions made Albus Dumbledore uneasy. How could a child have such control? With a shake of his head, Albus slowly stood from the bed and began to make his way to the bedroom door. "I can make things move without touching them." Hadrian stated, as he remained starring out the window of his room. "I can make animals do what I want them to do, without training them. I can make bad things happen to people who are mean to me. I can make them hurt if I want to...I can speak to snakes too. They find me, whisper things." Hadrian murmured with a small smile gracing his lips. Albus froze at those words. His stomach turned and his breath caught in his chest as he turned to look at the young child sitting calmly at his desk. "What kinds of things do they tell you Hadrian?" Albus questioned cautiously. Did he really want to know? "Bad things. They tell me things of people I don't know. They whisper secrets. They whisper dark things." Hadrian looked over his shoulder at the Professor. A small smile graced his red lips. It wasn't a friendly smile. "I shall see you on September 1st Hadrian. Your ticket is with your letter, along with directions on how to get to the train that will take you to Hogwarts." Albus said as he gave a nod to Hadrian before turning and walking out the room. "Thank you sir." Was the last thing he heard from the strange and rather dark child as he made his way down the hallway and towards the front door of the Orphanage. Hadrian gave a smirk as he looked down at his letter with glee. Oh yes, this was what he had always hoped for. He had always wondered where these abilities, these powers, came from. And now he knew. Now he could train to his full potential. He could learn everything he could from books at Hogwarts library and perhaps, in time, he would finally be able to buy his own books, with money he earned. With one last look out the window, watching as Professor Albus Dumbledore made his way slowly down the street of London, Hadrian nodded. Yes, he couldn't wait until he finally went to Diagon Alley. It would have to wait a day or two, but he'd finally get to see the place where he belonged. Well, there you have it. The first chapter of Turn So Cold. I hope you guys enjoy this story. I'm not trying to make him that similar to young Tom Riddle, but for the moment, he's going to seem like that. In this story, Tom Riddle aka Lord Voldemort, doesn't exactly exist in this story. Only Tom Riddle, who while charming and cunning, isn't 'evil' or anything like that, Since he grew up differently and didn't have the inspiration to become the next Dark Lord. In this story there will not be another Dark Lord, until Hadrian that is. This story will have many original characters and some out of character, characters. You'll understand why later. You'll have to wait until later in the story to discover who Hadrian Kristofer Blake really is and who his parents were (are). As well as learn new mysteries and surprises. If there are any errors in the story, then I'm sorry about that. I reread the story countless times, but after awhile you start getting tired of rereading the same thing. Some feedback would be nice! Your Writer, TheWeepingRaven