up the folder and looked through the contents before shaking his head. "We are wasting our time on him", he declared angrily. "We have discussed this", Croaker retorted irritably. "I agree that Divination is a very sketchy subject but we can't risk not trying this", he pointed out. "We both know that some prophecies are and have been real, we have to trust him", he finished warningly. "He is pathetic", Filmore responded hotly. "The results speak for themselves, he has no chance", he ground out slamming the folder on the table in disgust. "I can do better", Harry cut in, getting very annoyed by Filmore. "I'll be the judge of that", Filmore stated as he pointed his wand at Harry. "Legilimens", he roared. Harry watched in Horror as his whole life seemingly flashed before his eyes as the man intruded and rifled through his memories. He witnessed every key moment of his life pass: receiving his Hogwarts letter, the troll in the dungeon, the fight with Quirrel, the episode in the chamber of secrets, saving Sirius from the Dementors, the entirety of fourth year and the confrontation with Voldemort in the graveyard and finally the night he and his friends had spent in the department of Mysteries. The man exited Harry's mind as quickly as he entered, looking both pale and shocked by what he had seen. "Shit", Filmore whispered in disbelief and looked at Harry with something akin to respect. "It seems as though I underestimated you Potter", he admitted. "He has potential?", Croaker asked, clearly not approving of his colleague's methods. "See for yourself", he answered weakly. Croaker immediately knew that what Filmore had seen must be something quite spectacular to garner that kind of response from him. "May I?", he questioned Harry. Harry swallowed deeply and nodded reluctantly. Croaker repeated the process that Filmore had and emerged looking equally surprised, yet happy. "My, My Mr. Potter, you do have potential, these results certainly do not reflect your capabilities", he spoke seriously. "Are you satisfied that he is capable now?" he questioned Filmore sternly. Filmore nodded. "I've never seen anything like it before", he stated, sounding a little excited. "Myself and my team will turn him into the best damned wizard we can", he vowed. Harry breathed a sigh of relief, pleased that they did not think he was a waste of their time. "Don't get too excited Potter", Filmore warned. "I am going to make your life hell", he said with a sinister grin. Harry swallowed deeply but nodded nonetheless. "So we have an agreement?", Croaker questioned Harry. "We will help you and you will cooperate with us?" he asked further. After a moment Harry nodded; he knew he had very little choice in the matter. He ether went back prepared, or went back as he was, it was a no brainer for him. "Good, here is your wand", Croaker said with a smile, handing Harry his wand. Harry sighed but took it. "I need a new one", he explained. "It seems fine to me", Croaker replied with a frown. "Dumbledore thinks I've outgrown it or something", Harry explained further. Croaker nodded his understanding. "We will have a wandcrafter here first thing", he promised. "Filmore will show you to your room where you trunks are waiting", he explained. "You have a rather enviable book collection I noticed and where did you get so much gold from?" he queried curiously. Harry just stared at the man in shock not knowing what to say. "Don't worry Mr. Potter, we are not the Auror's", Croaker chuckled. "I very much approve of the reading you are doing, it shows that you are being proactive, I respect that" he explained in a placating manner. "But the gold, I do not understand", he added confusedly. Harry breathed a sigh of relief at the news that he was not in trouble. "I thought I might need the money if things go badly", he explained. "I found a few things worth something and had some elves sell it", he added. "I don't have my Gringotts key and wasn't allowed to leave my home", he finished with a frown. Filmore chuckled. "Resourceful little bastard", he praised approvingly. "Very resourceful indeed", Croaker agreed. "It saves us the problem of taking you to Gringotts to get some for yourself, you will of course need it for when you go back, just in case", he explained. "I am afraid that you will not be able to leave here though Mr. Potter, we cannot risk anyone finding out that you are here". "But Dumbledore will come looking for me", Harry pointed out. "He will never know you are here", Croaker responded seriously. "Now I suggest you get some rest, Filmore and his team have a knack for early starts", he advised. Harry bade farewell to the man, his head swimming with everything he had learned this evening, but one thought stood out above them all. 'I get to see my parent's and Sirius' he thought gleefully as he followed Filmore to get some much needed sleep. A/N First one done and I am quite proud of how original I believe it is. I wanted to deal with the horcruxes and wand situation as quickly as possible. The wand thing always bothered me in canon, it is just logical that you would get one that you could use to kill Voldemort instead of relying on Priori Incantatem. The horcruxes will be completely non-existent after the next chapter, it will of course be explained. I am very excited by the amount of possibilities I have running through my mind with this one and I hope and I'm sure that you will enjoy it. I imagine it will be longer than 'Honour Thy Blood' mainly because Harry is not only going back in time which, in itself needs a lot of building, but he is going back to Hogwarts and he did not in my previous story. Follow, favourite and review guys. TBR