debating on taking another one when Luke walked back out. "We're ready for you guys, come on back." Luke motioned them towards the back room, pulling the black sheet covering the entrance away so they could walk through. Luke brought them over to where he did his work, and then spoke. "So, who's going first?" Pixie was quickly volunteered to go first, mainly because she had obviously been through this far more than they had. Immediately, guy started admiring her previously done tattoos. "That's a beautiful tattoo." Luke said, pointing at Pixie's tattoo on her arm, which was a black rose on the inside of her forearm, with the sentence we're all mad here written above. "Do you want your bolt to be on this wrist, or the other?" "This one." Pixie said motioning towards her left arm, which had her other tattoos already on it. She would have put it on her other arm, but she was planning on getting a rather large tattoo there soon. Luke nodded, grabbing his sterilizing equipment. He then seemed to notice the one on the inside of her upper arm, which looked similar to the moon on an Ouija board, slightly different and with more detail. "You mess with Ouija boards?" Luke gave Pixie a small smirk as he began prepping her wrist for the tattoo, sterilizing her skin and getting the ink put in the needle of the tattoo gun. "Oh yeah man, all the time." Pixie bluffed, having only played with one a few times as a teenager. Luke laughed, and outlined the tattoo on her wrist. After he was done, he started on the tattoo itself. Pixie flinched slightly when the needle touched her wrist, simply because although she was expecting it, it still shocked her to feel the needle slicing into her skin. Compared to her other tattoos, this one took hardly any time at all, since it was so small. After only around ten minutes, not even, Luke was done and ready for the next one. As Pixie went to stand up, Luke happened to notice the tattoo on her thigh, since her dress had rode up a bit. "What's that a tattoo of?" Luke asked her, pointing at her thigh. "It's a black cat inside a mirror." Pixie replied, sliding her dress up a bit so he could see it a bit more clearly. "I got it about a year ago." "What other tattoos do you have?" Luke asked as he gathered more supplies for the next tattoo. Jada sat on the chair, giving Pixie a look, raising her brows suggestivley as she looked between Luke and her. Pixie's eyes widened and she blushed fiercely as she answered Luke's question, mentally cursing her much too pale skin. "I've got a dead tree that resembles the whomping willow from Harry Potter going up my side, the birds on my collarbone leading into my shoulder," Pixie motioned towards her right side, then her collarbone, and then continued. "And, the first tattoo I ever got, an alien head behind my ear." She moved her light hair out of the way, showing him what it looked like. Luke nodded in approval, starting Jada's tattoo. As he got closer to being done, Pixie could notice how nervous Gemma was getting. Pixie reached out and took hold of Gemma's hand, rubbing her thumb over her hand soothingly. For Gemma, Jada was done much too soon, and it was her turn. Despite how nervous Gemma was, Luke managed to get her calm enough so that she got through the tattoo relatively easily, gripping onto Pixie's hand so hard that Pixie was sure it was broken. At last, they were done, and went to pay. When Pixie started to take out her wallet, Jada and Gemma hurriedly paid for their tattoos, not allowing Pixie to pay anything since it was her birthday, no matter how much she protested. They thanked Luke for his work, and before they left, he gave Pixie his number. Jada and Gemma giggled the whole way out of the parlor, causing Pixie to want to smack her head into the ground repeatedly. "I bet he noticed your tongue piercing and he decided he wanted in on that." Gemma spit out during her laughing fit. "No, it was definitely the tattoos!" Jada exclaimed, hardly able to breath through all her laughter. They kept making jokes the whole way home, even while in the cab, leaving Pixie to severely wonder how they had managed to act sober in the parlor yet so drunk once they left. Of course, she knew there was a possibility they had smoked before they all met up, since Pixie had been almost immediately separated from them once they go to the club. The ride home gave her a headache, and she tipped the driver greatly when she got out of the cab, since she was dropped off before Jada and Gemma. At least it wasn't her that had to put up with those idiots that she loved dearly. Pixie made her way into her apartment, and quickly shoved off her heels and sighed in relief, then walked into the bathroom to scrub off her makeup, something that was automatic to her at this point since she always wore it. She was careful not to accidentally rip out her nose ring while washing her face, something she had done many times before. When she was done, she braided her long, pale white hair and walked into her room. She took off her dress and slid on shorts and a tank top that had yet to be packed away, then decided to christen her new Harry Potter tattoo by re-reading one of her Harry Potter books, The Deathly Hallows. She flipped to where Harry was immersed in Snape's memories, eventually drifting off into sleep when Harry was seeing how his dad, Sirius, and Lupin acted towards Snape. Pixie slept peacefully, unaware that her entire world was going to change overnight.