OUT OF HIS CHAIR!" Dumbledore went from confused to equally enraged in a fraction of a second. 'How could someone hit an infant!' he thought disbelievingly. "Minerva what did you do?" Albus responded, surprising himself by hoping she had done horrible and illegal things, he barely managed not to make that known in his expression and tone. "WELL I BLASTED DOWN THEIR WALL, STUNNED THEM ALL AND TOOK HARRY THAT'S WHAT I DID!" Minerva shouted back defiantly, hands landing on her hips following her erratic hand gestures that accompanied the statement. "Minerva that was terribly reckless.." Albus intoned, though he contorted his tone so that the words were of encouragement rather than chastisement. "IT WAS AND I CALLED THE OBLIVIATORS ALREADY." Minerva shouted, not in anger but in bewildered confusion. Recounting her actions had the unforeseen effect of reminding her exactly what she'd done and the implications of those actions. "Please Minnie do not fret. Given the situation, I think it best we not inform the aurors until after they've left the Dursley's home. The muggle couple may not survive should the aurors discover this development in their presence." Dumbledore said as he conjured an overly plushy chair and gently pushed her into it. He was about to summon one of the house elves for tea when Moody made an appearance in his fireplace. "Caught 'im Albus. Crouch is throwin 'im in Azkaban as we speak." Nodding to himself, Dumbledore couldn't help thinking that there was not a better time for the capture to have been made. Little Harry could not possibly go back to where he'd been since the incident. All of his researching of Horcrux's was making itself useful in that moment as well, as he now knew that the Horcrux was nothing more than a malignant, though contained problem for tomorrow. The Longbottom's would be safe watching over Harry. Albus replied to Moody, regaining the trademark twinkling eyes as he spoke, "Very good work Alastor. If you don't mind, Minerva and I must make use of my floo so we can get Harry here off to meet his new parents." With a nod of his own, Moody acquiesced, "Aye. Good day headmaster." he said as he disappeared again and the flames went back to normal. "Well Minnie it would appear your timing is rather impeccable." Albus said with a satisfied smile and a now mightily twinkling eye. Watching the relief spread across Minerva's face was like seeing the sun rise. Perhaps if he was half a century or so younger.. But no. They were coworkers. A relationship would be wholly inappropriate. "Shall we?" Albus said, offering his left hand while he canceled the conjuring's and summoned Harry with his right. They made their way over to the floo and called for Longbottom Manor, but just as they began to swirl into the floo system, screams of agony made themselves apparent. -oOoOoOo- "WHERE IS OUR LORD YOU RAGING BINT!" Bellatrix Lestrange shouted at Alice through the latter's screams of agony. She released the Curcio so as to allow Alice a chance to reply. "He up and got himself offed by a one year old! Some great lord!" Alice shouted, though pain had distorted her voice to make it sound more like a breathy whimper. Frank had stopped screaming a few moments ago and she was worried because though she could not see her husband, she could see Rodolphus and he was still holding the spell. Barty Crouch Jr. of all people was off coddling her son. She started to yell for Barty to leave her bloody son well enough alone but she only managed to let the name loose of her lips before Bellatrix Crucio'd her again. Bellatrix held the spell so long that Alice's vocal chords had actually torn and she could no longer make sounds. When the spell stopped she thought Bellatrix had gotten bored and was switching tactics, but there were noises she didn't understand happening around her now and she was shaking so hard she couldn't focus. She thought she heard Dumbledore's voice shouting curses but she couldn't be sure. All she could see behind her lidded eyes was the flashing of spell fire. It took what seemed to her maybe ten seconds before the flashing stopped but she was so disoriented she thought it could have been hours. She finally managed to wrench her eyes open when she felt a familiar hand desperately grasping her own. She turned slightly so as to confirm who the hand belonged to but then Dumbledore was whispering near her ear "do not fret my dear Alice, everything will be alright. Everything will be alright." He kept saying over and over again. She drifted off into unconsciousness, her body desperate for the opportunity to repair itself. -oOoOoOo- Sirius Black, Bellatrix Lestrange, Barty Crouch Jr. And More Apprehended at last! Saturday evening was both a victory and a terrifying loss for the light. While Aurors were busy apprehending Sirius Black, The Lestrange's and Barty Crouch Jr. were caught viciously torturing Frank and Alice Longbottom in their home, Longbottom Manor, by none other than Albus Dumbledore and Minerva Mcgonagall of Hogwarts School of witchcraft and wizardry. Our sources say that the Longbottom's are in critical condition at St. Mungos…. The front page of the Daily Prophet lay unread on the bed-side table next to Alice Longbottom. She had awoken some thirty or so minutes ago but hadn't gathered the energy to actually move yet. She knew in some small corner of her mind that she must be at St. Mungos. Only the hospital could produce that terrible smell of antiseptic and bad food. She mused to herself about how most wizards wouldn't even know what antiseptic was. She wondered how St. Mungos still managed to smell like it in light of that fact. Perhaps it was just hospitals in general? She went back and forth like this just a little longer until she drifted back off to a dreamless sleep.