have to be nice, just pure blood and maybe a little not pathetic, and have lots of pure blood children. Don't fraternize with Muggles, squibs, half-bloods or Weasleys. Honestly, just having accompanied you around Diagon Alley could get me in trouble with the dreadful mood mother has been in the last several years." "But why?" asked Lily. "Because the people who run my family think it does make sense. Have your parents ever done something you thought absurd that they thought made sense?" "No," admitted Lily. "Then I can't help you to understand it," said Narcissa with a sigh. She returned to drinking her butter beer. Lily took small, quick sips of her own drink. They just sat there in silence for almost a half hour just drinking amid the din of the pub. After both their drinks were done, in silent agreement they stood up and walked back out onto Diagon Alley. They worked quickly and with few words down the list of supplies they both needed. At each store Narcissa paid before Lily had a chance to. She kept trying to beat the older witch to it, but couldn't manage. It started to become a playful game, and smiles started to return to their faces. It was at the final store of the day, while buying potion supplies, that Lily finally got the jump on her. Narcissa managed to purchase everything they both needed, handing over money smugly to the shop keeper. She glanced gloatingly at Lily only to find that the girl wasn't by her side anymore. The feeling of not being with someone she had spent all day next to was weird. As the shop keeper slowly tallied everything up and asked for payment, Narcissa started to get worried. What if, in the moment she hadn't been looking something bad had happened to the little girl? She wasn't her responsibility, not officially. She didn't need to care about what happened to Lily, but she found that she did. As she started to get antsy at the time it was taking to pay the shopkeeper, suddenly she felt a tug on her sleeve. Looking down she saw Lily, smiling up at her, two large lollipops, one in each hand. "I got you this," said Lily cheerfully. "And I paid for it myself this time." Narcissa could only stare at the girl in bewilderment for several moments before she started to laugh, a deep, cheerful, heartfelt laugh. Lily and the shopkeeper looked at her in surprise as she laughed, tears starting to pour down her cheeks. She handed the last of the money to the shopkeeper and managed to get herself under control. She wiped away the tears with her sleeve and put her other hand on top of Lily's head. "Looks like you beat me this time," smiled Narcissa. "Thank you." Lily just beamed up at her. Narcissa didn't feel sad as she packed up her trunk for the final time. Her final year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was at a close. No more would she walk the winding halls and converse with the ghosts or professors that occupied them. She wouldn't walk around the beautiful grounds, the dark forest surrounding it not diminishing anything. She'd be separated from the delicious food that couldn't be beat anywhere in England. And for most of them this would be the last time she saw the students of the school. But none of this made her sad, just annoyed. She liked the experience of being at Hogwarts, it had led to many of the best memories of her life. If she had any kids, she'd no doubt make sure they attended the school. She was most annoyed by the lack of freedom she was about to experience. Schools limited the environment that someone was in compared to the larger world outside of them, but for Narcissa it was free of all the social obligations she'd now have to attend to. She'd need to attend to things around her family house, although that would just be in appearances since there were house elves for the real work, leaving her nothing to do and no where she could go. Next would eventually be marriage, a different type of confinement. She might get some freedom once she bore children and had to raise them. That would be left to her, since the house elves were too filthy to handle such an important task as raising the next generation; although some pure blooded witch (or possibly half-blooded, although it wouldn't be discussed) would be tasked with raising her children. Eventually they would all go off to Hogwarts, one by one and there would be once again nothing to do. It was not a thrilling proposition. As Narcissa rummaged through her stuff, organizing and packing everything, her hand brushed against a small piece of metal. She took it out and saw that is was a small flower shaped metal pendant attached to a metal chain. It had six petals surrounding a center core into which the initials N.B. had been carved. She looked quizzically at the daffodil pendant since it was also known by another name, narcissus. It was the root for her own name and definitely meant for her, but it wasn't something she had ever seen before. Flipping over the pendant she saw that some small words had been carved into the back of it. 'For a friend; from a fellow flower; Cokeworth, England; L.E.' Narcissa marveled at the precision it had to have taken to have carved such small words into the pendant, even with magic. A smile graced her lips at the gift, and at the person she knew had given it to her. She'd never visit the address on the back; that much she knew, but the gift did make her happy. She did resolve to punish a certain 2nd year boy for having snuck into her room and rummaged among her stuff to deliver it though.