at Regulus' heartstrings, reminding him of better days. Beside him, Potter nods, looking as unconvinced. Regulus had asked his brother to come alone, but he guesses that this is the best he can get. At least Sirius came. "Fine, don't believe me. But tell me what I should say for you to believe me." "What, so you can use it to make me trust you? Because that will never happen," Sirius snorts, crossing his arms defensively on his chest. His eyes are shadowed in mistrust, but they've been that way for years. If Regulus let himself hurt every time his brother proved that nothing Regulus could do would repair their relationship, he'd have broken years ago. "I didn't say anything about trust," Regulus snaps back. "I just want you to believe me. I'm not happy about it either, but I need your help." Potter and Sirius turn to each other at that, Sirius still scowling, and seem to have an entire conversation without saying anything. This hurts – once, Sirius and Regulus had been like that too. "Fine," Sirius finally states, though he doesn't look happy about it. "If you tell me your story, and then say that Padfoot and Prongs told you to say 'I solemnly swear that I am up to no good', I might believe you. I might ," he stresses, like Regulus doesn't know that his story sounds crazy. "But you can't use that for any of your Master's evil schemes, so don't even try it." Sirius' defensive tone makes Regulus think that this isn't quite right, but it's been so long in his timeline since he last obeyed one of the Dark Lord's orders that he finds the idea, never mind the use of the expression 'evil schemes', slightly hilarious. "Worried, Siri?" Regulus teases, a smile on the edge of mean dancing on his lips. "You shouldn't, you know. If tomorrow ever comes, I'll either be too dead to cause you any trouble, or too busy running for my life to care for your silly safe words." The words come out bitterer than he expected, and for a moment Sirius does look truly concerned. For an instant, Regulus thinks he's going to ask – he can see the question forming on his brother's lips. The moment passes though, and Sirius remains silent, and Regulus doesn't know if he's disappointed or not. He leaves after that. That night, he burns the cave around him, Inferis and locket melting in the cursed fire. Kreacher drags him away at the last moment, and Regulus waits for midnight on the coast, watching the flames dance until the water swallows them, nursing a bottle of Firewhiskey Kreacher gave him. At midnight, the stars rewind until he wakes up in his own bed. .x. He brings Sirius to the cave only once. The man drags Potter with him and spends the entire time they're there shooting Regulus distrustful looks, like he expects the former Slytherin to suddenly turn around and stab them in the back the moment they lower their guard. That changes the instant Regulus starts drinking the potion. It had been so long since someone else had last been there to see him ingest it that he had forgotten the things it made him say out loud. That potion is the worst part of this loop – he can't make someone else drink it, and whatever spell protects it makes it so animals can't be used, so loop after loop Regulus lets his demons have him. Something goes wrong – Regulus knows he has told the two Gryffindors about the Inferis protecting the water, but Regulus always craves water too much to truly care. Having Sirius there makes the craving worse somehow, and he's a fraction of a second too late to avoid the hands that pull him under. The last thing he sees is Sirius' horrified face and the broken, broken look in his eyes. He wakes up with the sound of his brother screaming his name still echoing in his ears. So yes, he only brings Sirius to the cave once. .x. The thing is, after a while Regulus grows used to the loop. It might never stop, and it might end gruesomely more often than not, but it's also familiar in the way only something well-worn (well-lived, his minds whispers) can be. The thing is, Regulus doesn't know what he would do if he woke up one day and found that the loop hadn't reset. .x. "How many times, Reggie? How many times have you…" Sirius' voice sounds wrecked. They're at Potter's place this time, and the man and his wife have given the two brothers some space. For some reason, Regulus' revelation of the time loop has hit him harder than it usually does. (Regulus doesn't take Sirius to the cave with him anymore, but he can't stop himself from going to him anyway, hoping that this loop will be one of those where he sees at least a glimpse of affection shine in his brother's grey eyes – it's rare, but somehow it makes all the pain worth it) "Died?" Regulus jokes, his lips half-twisted in a smile. "I think I lost count, honestly." Sirius makes a strangled kind of noise, and drags him into a hug. It hurts, to know that tomorrow Regulus will have to start over again with his brother, but it's a good kind of hurt. "It's really not that bad, you know," Regulus tries to comfort him, patting his arm. Because really, it isn't. It could be so, so much worse. "You're dying – of course it's bad!" Sirius protests. "Waking up the hardest part," Regulus confesses softly. For all answer, Sirius just pulls him in a little closer. Above them, the clock inexorably ticks the seconds away. Just before the hand hits midnight, Regulus closes his eyes and wishes that this time could be the last. He feels the soft fabric of his sheets, and lets himself cry.