Our house has this traditition to keep track of everyone's birthday, so everybody remembers. It's a nice thing to know that people remember your birthday, so why not?" Said Tom, reaching deep into his robe pockets and gettin a quill and some parchment. "Just write it down and we will charm it to the list later." Everyone wrote their birthdays and handed the parchment and quill back to Tom. Teddy was quite liking the hufflepuff house already. They got sent off to their dormitories and Teddy had just realized that Oliver was his only roomate. "Weird," He commented as got into the room. "I know we were the only boys sorted into hufflepuff, but I always thought that I would share it with like five other people." "Yeah, me too," Said Oliver. "But I'm not complaining, I mean, can you imagine sharing a bathroom with other five people?" The two boys laughed. Yeah, Teddy assumed ut wouldn't be the most pleasent experience. Oliver went to shower first and Teddy started putting away the things on his trunks. He put a framed photograph of him and Andromeda on his bedside table. Most of his things were still on his trunk and he decided he couldn't be bothered to put away everything now. Oliver emerged from the steamy bathroom wearing nothing but a towel rolled on hiis waist and teddy went to take a calming shower. For a strange reason he couldn't vividly remember the sorting, even though it happened less than an hour ago. Maybe it was because a hundred thoughts buzzed into is head, but one thing was sure, he felt a weird sense of comfort about being sorted into Hufflepuff. He had wanted to be a Gryffindor, like Harry, Ron and essentially the majority of the Weasley clan. He wanted to be in the house of the brave, but deep down he knew he wasn't quite the fit. Teddy wasn't cowardly, but he thought before he acted, and that was something that seemed to lack within the Gryffindors he had met, even the adults. But he was happy to be a hufflepuff, like his mom. Now that he thought about it, he preffered loyal and friendly than stupidly brave and reckless ayway. He finished his shower and changed into some comfortable muggle clothes. "Hey, Let's go down to the common room, Olivia is waiting for us," Oliver announced. They made their way to the common room to find Olivia chatting animatedly with the same girl while writing something on her parchment. "Oh hey guys!" She said, as she noticed they had arrived. "Did you get to meet Anna here? She's one of my roomates," The chubby girl waved at them both. Teddy thought she had an odd appearence to say the least. She had shoulder lenght brown hair, a skin marked with acne, big square glasses and a set of somewhat protuberant aand crooked teeth that quite stood out when she smiled. " 'Sup. You're Oliver and you're Teddy, right?" She said pointing at them. "Nice to meet ya," She eyed them, stopping momentarily at Teddy's hair but then moving on. Well, she seemed nice enough. Teddyand Oliver greeted her and sat down on nearby chairs. "Who are you writing to?" Oliver's expression twisted as he read the paper. " 'Dear mom and dad, me and Ollie didn't end up in Ravenclaw like we were hoping, but instead hufflepuff blah blah blah.'Ohc'mon Liv, can't we wait until tomorrow to breake for them the "incredible" news?" Oliver asked and Olivia sighed heavily, resting the quill on the table. "Look, Oliver, would you rather mom and dad knowng through us first or Jack? I'm not going to send t now aanyway, I'll just give it to Hoot first thing in the morning." "Wait, you have an owl named "Hoot"?" Anna snorted. "Now that's creative." Teddy chuckled at the girl's irony. Olivia blushed and looked back to the letter and Oliver grinned. "Olivia named it. It's supposed to be ours, but My dear sister isn't really fond of birds, so she's basically mine. I tried to change her name but she won't go by anything else." "It's because she likes the name Oliver, it suits her, and besides, it's not that I don't like birds, they don't like me." "You and your irrational fear of birds," Oliver rolled his eyes and Teddy and Anna watched intrigued the bickering between the siblings. It was funnier thn he would care to admit. "It's not bloody irrational!" Olivia snapped, starlting the other. "Do you remember when we first got Hoot, what she did to my hair? Or those pidgeons at the park that kept chasing after me!" "Whatever you say, sis." Oliver said with an amused grin followed by a long yawn. "I think I'm calling it a night. You coming, Ted?" "Yeah, good night girls," They bd each other goodnight and Teddy followed Oliver to their dormitories. They changed into their pijamas and chatted a bit before falling silent. Teddy was happy, he had managed to make friends, meet an old friend, eat that marvellous feast and it wasn't even his official full day yet. He drifted to sleet lookng at the framed photo of his grandma kissing his rosy cheek, the ghost of a smile still on his face. Lol this took quite a long time. So here it goes, the first chapter. I have mixed feeling about this, but I like it enough. I hope you guys like it, and I plan on doing more chapters, but I procrastinate and get dismotivated, so reviews are always a motivation booster, so if you like the story review away :) Also, please mind that english is not my first language and i'm writing on the shittiest keyboard ever, so bear withe me. I know there are a lot of grammar errors, and I tried to fix them, but I'm lazy so I knw that I didn't get even half of them, so please chill.