mean I don't still love him. Those feelings don't just go away because he broke my heart and started shagging you." She sighed wearily and closed her eyes, fighting back the angry tears that Sirius Black had created. She knew that if he hadn't been there, she and Remus would still be together. If Black hadn't been there, infecting Remus' life, then Remus would have loved her and they would still be happy together. Those realisations were stifling and heavily frustrating, and they just made her want to breakdown. She took in some deep breaths and tried to calm herself down. "Black, I don't want you to hurt him. And I know you will," she said, opening her eyes again and looking at Sirius who seemed just as agitated as she felt. "Why does everyone think I'm going to hurt him?" he asked, his voice uncharacteristically small. Emmeline hesitated for a moment, unused to the quiet voice. "Because you're a Black ," she replied honestly, unable to hold back with the venom in her voice. "And Black's don't fall in love. They fall in lust , and they fall in greed , but they do not fall in love . Black's destroy things. And I don't want to see you destroy someone as amazing as Remus. He doesn't deserve it." Black stared at her for a long moment, his grey eyes intense and fixed on her forest green. His stillness was disconcerting but Emmeline stood her ground and studied the wizard in front of her. To her, he looked angry. But, she realised, not just that. He also seemed to be quite hurt. His grey eyes were stormy and serious, and his exterior was very intimidating. However, despite outwards appearances, she reckoned it was just for show because, as she looked into his expressive eyes, she thought she could see something there; something she had never seen there before: vulnerability, and possibly even fear. She swallowed subtly and kept standing her ground, waiting for him to break the tense and uncomfortable silence. Eventually, he spoke. "I'm not going to destroy him," he replied, his voice low and a little raw. "And, I'm not a Black anymore; I was disowned. Besides, I've never been a typical Black. Have I, Vance?" His stormy grey eyes stared into her forest green. "Look, I…I love him. I really do. I know people don't think I do. But, I do." He ran a hand through his hair agitatedly, making Emmeline understand the appeal he had for most of the Hogwarts female population. He was dangerous and alluring, but he had no effect on her. "You're right," he agreed. "He is amazing, and he doesn't deserve to be hurt. But I have no intentions of hurting him, Vance. Look, I…" He swallowed hard but kept his eyes focused on her. "He deserves the world. But he chose me . And I'm trying my best not to fuck this up. He believes in me, so I don't need you to. But I won't hurt him, if that's what you need me to say. Or at least, I'm trying my best not to hurt him." Emmeline stood in the aftermath of his words, staring at him and deciding whether his words were true or not. After a long while, she was still inconclusive. Huffing, she looked away. "You'd better not ruin him, Black," she warned. "Or you'll have me to deal with." And with that, she stormed off to the Ravenclaw Tower to go over every detail of their conversation; every facial expression or voice breakage. Every word was analysed from the second she left Black in that corridor to the second she fell asleep. Emmeline walked into the Arithmancy classroom, sighing as she sat down in the seat she always sat in: the seat that had the perfect view of Remus Lupin and Sirius Black. She watched the couple in front of her, sitting next to each other and laughing at something. She didn't know what they were snickering about but it was clearly hilarious as she heard Remus snort. She knew he only did that when he found something particularly hysterically funny. As she watched the Gryffindor's, she realised that perhaps their year of bliss wasn't 100% fake. She had enjoyed their time together, and she reckoned that Remus probably had too – they had been friends before the romance entered their relationship. Remus had possibly, perhaps in the beginning, even truly fancied her. He wouldn't have spent a year making love to her and spending time with her if he didn't enjoy her company, she reckoned. It didn't matter, though. In the end, she knew that he had just been wasting time with her. Remus had never really wanted her – not that way, at least – but she had loved him so much that she had let him fake it for the duration of their relationship. It didn't matter that it had mostly been falsified feelings on his part. They were true on hers. Emmeline still loved Remus, despite it all, but as she looked at the couple of Gryffindor's sitting together, side by side, she couldn't deny that Black felt something for Remus. Nor could she deny that Remus felt more for Black than he ever had for her. Maybe Black did love him, she wondered. Maybe Remus was safe in Black's hands. While those revelations hurt, Emmeline found that she was glad of the pain. It reminded her that she was human. She was glad that Remus was happy and she was glad that, now that it was over, she could start to get over him; she could be happy, too, some day. She was safe in the knowledge that perhaps Remus Lupin, the only man to have ever held her heart, was safe with Sirius Black. NOTE: This is posted in 'A PostSecret Collection', too. DISCLAIMER: I do not own these characters. Th anks for reading! =) Hope you enjoyed it!