been looking everywhere for you!" "Have you?" Hermione asked the redhead, "I guess I've been everywhere today." "Well I found out something that will blow your socks off," Ginny started, smiling mirthfully, "and Dumbledore is going to announce it tonight." "And you can't tell me because..." "Because as excited as I am about it, you should hear it from Dumbledore himself." Hermione rolled her eyes at Ginny, leaning her elbows against the table. She knew that Ginny got excited about pretty much everything that went on around the castle. So this news was nothing new. There was a nudge at the side of her arm and Hermione looked over curiously. "I wanted to ask what happened to you today? I mean, I saw you storming out of the Court Yard and you looked pretty pissed about something." "Oh, it was just Malfoy. Being his usual self." "Ew," Ginny started, looking over at him, "You know I hate to say this, but Malfoy is looking pretty hot. I mean he's the eye candy of pretty much-" "Ginny stop!" Hermione demanded, turning the redhead face forward, "Don't stare at him! And he's not- I mean hes not ugly but...It really doesn't matter! Ginny leaned forward and sighed, running her hands through her hair. "It's too bad he's such an arse." Hermione couldn't help but find her agreement in her words as she took a daring glance over her shoulder at him. He was laughing with Blaise Zabini, and taking a sip of his water. His white blonde hair was being illuminated by the warm light of the candles around the Hall. She could see the muscles under his shirt bulge from time to time as he joked and laughed with his fellow Slytherin's. She also noticed how half of the Slytherin girls were hanging on to every word he uttered. Some were leaning so far in, she was surprised they weren't sucked into his skin. Others were twirling pieces of their hair and batting their eyelashes flirtatiously. They could have been sitting their naked with a purple monkey around their necks for all the attention he was giving them. Hermione rolled her eyes and faced forward again, only to catch the eyes of Ron next to her. ' Crap!' She thought, and tried to smile innocently at him. "See something you fancy?" he asked her, with a hint of amusement in his eyes. Hermione felt a pang of relief. He wasn't mad. "Absolutely not. I just can't believe that I let him upset me. He's really not worth it. Ron made a noise of agreement, before Dumbledore's voice rang through the Great Hall. "Good evening students at Hogwarts! I know many of you are quite famished due to your hard work and perseverance of studying for your N.E.W.T.S coming up in a few months. I have seen many students in my years come and go; but I feel a special connection between all of my student's here. I feel their destined for great things. "As a resting period for you all, we have decided," Dumbledore said, gesturing to the group of professors behind him, "To grant you all a ball in four weeks!" There was a great applause as clapping from most of the girls, and groaning and sighing from most of the guys. The two guys included Harry and Ron. "Oh, stop it you two!" Hermione scolded them, "You sound like a bunch of zombie's." Ginny smiled and only starting clapping louder. "Was this the surprise?" Hermione asked her. "Yeah, isn't it great! I have to take us shopping for a dress! Oh, the possibilities!" "Ginny you should get a white dress! It will go perfectly with your red hair!" "Really?" Ginny asked, running a hand through her hair, and inspecting the red strands. "See what I'm talking about!" Ron exclaimed, pointing to Ginny, "Balls, dresses, dancing! It turns girls completely...hysterical!" "Silence!" Dumbledore shouted, holding up his hand. The talking simmered until it completely stopped. "I must also say before we begin our magnificent feast, that this ball will be different from the others. There is a box in front of me. Inside the box, are the names of all of my 5th year students, and above names. You will be assigned the name of your date tomorrow." "WHAT!" Ginny shouted, along with most the Great Hall. "We're being forced to attend with someone else!" Hermione heard herself panic. "It's bad enough we have to go to the ball, now we have to go with someone we may not even like!" Harry bellowed beside her, going scarlet. "It's not fair!" Hermione heard Draco shout. "SILENCE!" Dumbledore called, "We have designed this ball the way we have because we have noticed that our Houses are not cooperating the way they should. There should be teamwork and unity between you all. This is the way the ball is and will remain. If you attempt to sneak about with someone other than your date to the Hogwart's Ball, one of our classified informers will report this straight to me. "This experience may not be as monstrous as most of you may presume. As I said before," He went on now, looking at everyone over his half-moon shaped glasses, "This may be a step to a great destiny." As he said this, he looked at Hermione and smiled, making her smile weakly back at him. In her head she thought, What in Merlin's name does that mean? "With that being said, let's feast!" He boomed, and the food magically appeared in front of them. Hermione sighed and looked over at Ginny, who was pouting. "Come on Ginny! It can't be that bad!" Ginny simply shrugged and sighed. "Let's hope not," she said mulishly. Hermione just hugged her as she let her mind drift back to the mysterious look Dumbledore sent her. What she didn't know was that a particular Slytherin had also been given this look, and was just as confused as she was herself.