the Crown." "He was my peer, Breezy Girl. I respected and admired him so much. But he was nothing more than the scum I spent my working life putting away. And I never saw it." The middle aged man fell silent his long tale at an end. At his side, his niece lit another cigarette and thought about what she'd heard. Finally, she turned to him and asked, "Why were you thinking about this tonight? I mean, I understand this is a lesson we all need to remember. But why specifically were you thinking about it tonight?" "Because according to the papers, Little Whining has lost another son. Piers Anthony Polkiss was found this morning hanging from the rafters outside his dorm room. The coroner estimates he was dead for at least two hours before the officials discovered him. An investigation is underway but authorities suspect he fell back into his old habits again and this time someone decided it'd be the last time. The counselors at the facility have already been interviewed and they say Piers was well known to point the finger at one of his new floor mates for things he, himself, did. Usually dark haired residents who are small for their age and skinny. Naturally, this behavior wasn't appreciated by the rest of his floor. But that is exactly the behavior growing up here as the best mate of Dudley Dursley taught the boy was acceptable. Once again we failed a child of the neighborhood in a major way and that child has paid for our mistake with his life. Yes, he made his own choices to behave as he did. But we taught him it was acceptable." Having told his tale the man picked up his pipe and packed a new wad of tobacco into it. He lit a stick he kept in the ashtray from the burning candle and touched it to the tamped down tobacco, drawing deep on the cherry red, smoldering weed before shaking the stick to put out the small flame. A careful dunk into the flat bottomed mug and the now dead stick was placed back into the ashtray until the next time it was needed. The smell of his tobacco quickly overwhelmed the scent of burnt pine in the air. The street was in full darkness now but neither the man nor his niece made any move to go back into the house. The children had all been pulled back inside their homes for the night. Even the small clusters of teenagers had gone elsewhere now. They sat in silence smoking their favorite brand of tobacco knowing there was nothing left to say. The street was quiet and calm. Peaceful and pleasant. Life would go on regardless of what had happened in this neighborhood so few years ago. Ending notes: As you may or may not know, Vernon would never be charged with possible homicide or for the illegal disposal of a corpse as in a court of law there is no such thing as 'possible'. The investigators are supposed to know whether or not a murder has occurred before they bring someone into court. Nor would a charge of illegal disposal of a corpse be leveled without an actual body or proof that a body has been disposed of. Which the investigators in this case don't have. And before you go telling me that Vernon and Petunia weren't abusing Harry or treating him as their personal slave, I know that already. Though on the issue of abuse, I don't agree with you. I've four boys of my own, three of which are grown now and I know damn well none of them ever slept in a boot cupboard even when I lived in a place that didn't have a separate bedroom for each of them to use. Nor did I make any of them start cooking before they began attending school. Pour themselves a bowl of cereal? Only if I wanted to sweep the floor when they were finished. And never but never did I let them pour the milk onto the cereal in their chosen bowl. I don't like house cleaning that much that I'm willing to sweep and mop floors before drinking my morning coffee. I do know Ms. Rowling has stated she didn't see their treatment of him as abusive. But then Ms. Rowling was young and unmarried with no children of her own when she wrote the Harry Potter books. I'd like to think she knows better now. Or at least, has a more realistic idea of what children can reasonably be expected to be able to do at what ages. But that's what poetic license is all about. I took a few elements of her story and extrapolated upon them. Harry did live in that house with Vernon and Petunia and he did sleep in the boot cupboard while living there. It's also quite clear in the books that he did a majority of the chores at the house beginning at a very young age and never had his own clothing bought specifically to fit his body. That, to me, is abuse because they had four bedrooms in the house and definitely had the money to buy him his own clothing to wear. It's also abuse when one child does the majority of the chores and is punished for failing to do them correctly or fast enough while another does nothing. At least, it's abuse in my opinion. Abuse of both the children in the home. I took some poetic license with the names in the story because I honestly don't remember the names of Dudley's gang of friends outside of Piers, Dennis and Malcolm. If they were given middle and last names, I don't recall what they were. And as I said at the beginning of this story, this story is fanfiction driven and not based on any event Ms. Rowling wrote of in her series. I hope you enjoyed the story.