her bare skin. … And the only thing we know Is things don't always go The way we planned… He saw that she was taking in a deep breath, but in the end, she placed her hand on his suit-covered shoulder and he started to lead her to the soft melody of the music. … But you'll see everyday That we'll never turn away When it seems all your dreams coming true … Effortlessly, she followed all of his steps; not matter where he went. Left or right, forwards or backwards… she had not once looked at her feet; her emerald eyes stayed fixed upon his own. After a little bit, he smirked in a boy-ish like manner before he carefully twirled her around and brought her gracefully right back into place. The shy smile she had worn earlier had now transformed into a really bright one. … We will stand by your side Filled with hope and filled with pride We are more than we are We are one… Within time, the respectable distance they had started their dance with had, little by little, vanished. Albus had tightened his hands around her and had lowered his hands from her back down to her waist and pulled her closer to his body so that the fabrics of their clothes were almost touching. … Even those who are gone Are with us as we go on Your journey has only begun… Listening to the lyrics of the song, Albus' thoughts drifted for only a moment back to his sister Ariana. Ever since her death… the auburn haired man hasn't been the same and for a long time he had been afraid to ever let someone in his heart ever again… But when he looked down at the young transfiguration mistress in his arms, who was, by now, dancing with her eyes closed and her head laid against his chest… he knew that Ariana would want him to be happy again… … Tears of pain, tears of joy One thing nothing can destroy Is our love deep inside We are one… Albus was very well aware of the other people's stares and curious glances in the ball-room they had by now drawn upon themselves, but he couldn't care less. He knew that it was probably a sight not seen everyday… the Headmaster of Hogwarts dancing closely with the transfiguration teacher; but everyone also knew that they had developed a wonderful friendship over the last couple of month Minerva had been teaching. The auburn haired man also knew that despite the fact that he had still a lot of enemies out there who were lusting after his blood, he would find a way to keep the witch in his arms as safe as possible… because she just belonged there, in his arms. We are one you and I We are like the earth and sky One family under the sun Bringing her even closer to him, his body now touched hers and the rising heat that was streaming from both of them caused the ebony haired witch to look up. Taking one stray glance to his side, Albus spotted Nicholas and Perenelle and the elderly mentor was grinning brightly at him and sent him an obvious look. Finally he knew why the music had earlier changed all of a sudden and he slightly shook his head at his old friend's antics. But he understood what Nic was trying to tell him, so Albus skillfully led them into one of the rather abandoned and isolated corners of the dance-floor; away from all the other guest's preying eyes… … All the wisdom to lead All the courage that you need You will find when you see We are one… Albus then took a deep breath and tried to summon up his famous Gryffindor courage; to tell her the words he had planned on saying for quite some time now. But he decided to take just another moment to simply look at the beautiful witch in his arms, who had by now placed both her arms around his neck; and not for the first time he wondered how lucky he was that he had her. With one last breath in order to calm his racing heart down, he carefully reached out to lift her chin. "You are beautiful, Minerva," he whispered in a deep, honest and emotional voice. Instantly, a lovely blush coloured her cheeks, and she looked at him with those perfect emerald eyes that were shining with… d are he hope for it … love? The blood was now rushing through his veins and Albus knew that he wouldn't be able to put his feelings into words; so his actions had to speak instead. So he finally cupped the soft skin of her face with his hands and leaned in to kiss her lovingly on the lips. When she didn't react, Albus already dreaded that he had misinterpreted the signs she had given him, but once she had come over the first shock, she tightened her arms around his neck, then pressed her slim body against his and returned the kiss with so much passion that Albus' heart was skipping a beat. Once the need for air got too great, the couple separated; but they continued to stare into each other's eyes; pure love and happiness shining in both of them now. "Minerva," Albus' breathing was still a little unsteady and his voice was thick with emotion as he stared into her sparkling emerald eyes. "I love you." For a moment, Minerva's emerald eyes widened and she stood still with Albus strong arms wrapped around her waist. Then, her full and slightly swollen red lips formed into the most wonderful smile Albus had ever seen; the emerald green and low-cut dress she wore paled in comparison to her smile. "I love you, too, Albus." She whispered softly and stood on her toe-tips to kiss him again; emerald eyes filled with love. "So very much."