to have the most annoying person on the planet stalk her for the rest of her life. Lily was positive he didn't even like her, she was just a challenge, the first girl to say no to him. That was the reason he was after Lily, not because he liked her, because he wanted to prove he could get anyone. The door slammed open, James walking into the fifth carriage, looking at Lily. 'You're late,' Lily said to him, checking her watch and picking up another chair and unfolding it. He looked around, scratching his head. There wasn't a person in the room bar them. Lily didn't care, she just wanted to make his life difficult. Maybe he'd quit as Head Boy. 'This prefect meeting doesn't start for another ten minutes, Evans,' he smiled, taking the chair out of her hands and placing it beside another, all facing the end of the carriage where they would be standing. 'Now mistake me if I'm wrong, but being here before everyone else is technically considered early?' She shrugged, moving the chair a little to the right, heading over to pick up another. 'We need to plan what to say, along with setting up. We need enough of these for all the prefects to sit down, four from each house, meaning sixteen.' 'I can do maths, Lily,' he sighed, walking over to the wall and taking one of the stacked chairs. 'Really?' she asked, 'you can comprehend numbers? Not what I'd expect from a caveman!' 'Yeah?' he grinned, winking at her, 'then what does Lily Evans expect from me?' She snorted, 'Nothing, really. A lack of skill in all departments, brains the size of an ostrich's, head the size of an elephant's, the rest of you,' she looked him up and down with a smirk, 'quite the disappointment.' He laughed, running his hand through his hair. 'You can't judge a book by it's cover, Evans. You need to unwrap it and see it's naked pages before you can do that.' Lily stuck her tongue out in disgust, 'The last thing I'd ever want to do is unwrap you.' 'Wait till you see what I got you for your birthday,' he smirked, deeply peering into her eyes, his hazel ones scanning her soul. She wanted to look away, but in truth they were rather nice to look at. With speckles of light brown dotted across them they looked like the bark on a tree, naturally pretty. Lily shook her head, reaching for another chair and pushing all thoughts from her mind. James Potter didn't have nice eyes, he was a jerk. A jerk with nice eyes… There was a knock on the door, two Hufflepuffs walking inside the room and smiling. 'Is this the prefect briefing?' the boy asked. 'Of course it is,' a Ravenclaw said behind them, stepping in. 'Why would the Head Boy and Girl be in here if it wasn't a meeting. Look around you, kid.' James smiled, the girl greeting him. How he knew her was a mystery to Lily, but then again, James Potter knew everyone. Within thirty minutes the room was filled and the prefects had received every bit of information they needed. James and Lily were giving them a final warning. 'Remember,' James shouted after them, 'any punishment you believe to be necessary must come to us first, then we'll take it to the professors or issue it ourselves. Please don't abuse this power. The next meeting will be on Friday, we'll send the details to your common room.' Lily could have laughed. James Potter, warning others not to abuse their power? He'd be the first to do exactly that - hell, he had done that before. Who was he to give out that warning?! The room quietly disbanded, the students exiting the carriage and heading back towards their compartments. Lily looked at the chairs remaining, now messily spread through the room. She sighed, looking to James. 'You need to help me with these,' she told him. 'We need to stack them against the wall.' 'Whatever you say, Flower,' he smiled. Lily groaned at the nickname, 'There are several people in this world that I find unbearably obnoxious, and you are all of them.' James laughed, Lily walking towards the chairs. 'I like that one, Evans.' 'You would,' she said, 'I wish I had a lower IQ so I was as easily entertained.' He laughed again, Lily getting frustrated. She picked up a chair, James stopping her. 'What are you doing, Evans?' he asked. 'Are you a muggle or a witch?' She paused, dropping the chair, James' smugness practically oozing out of his body. He pulled out a wand and waved it, the chairs moving themselves to the end of the carriage and neatly stacking themselves. 'Like that, see?' he grinned. 'That was great, James,' Lily clapped, 'did you learn that all by yourself?' 'Yeah,' he grinned, moving towards her. 'Picked it up rather easily. Do all your insults come from a Christmas cracker?' His face was far too close to hers, his stupid hair practically touching hers. 'No, actually. The higher the rate of arrogance in people around me, the better the snarky remarks.' 'Better?' he asked, looking at her lips. 'What can I say, you bring out the worst in me, Potter.' He chuckled, looking back to her eyes. 'I've always loved the way you hate me.' He pulled away, leaving her in the middle of the carriage alone. He walked towards the door, running his hands through his hair. 'Your breath smells of liquorice, by the way,' he grinned, turning around. 'I love the smell of liquorice.' Laughing to himself, he winked and left the room, whistling down the next carriage. If ever Lily wanted to curse someone, the target was it's biggest today. ~ Author's Note ~ Thank you for reading. If you enjoyed this chapter, all I ask is you tell people about it, and maybe review?! Thank you! See you soon!