went in his sixth year, after Albus Dumbledore was murdered by Severus Snape. Harry's visits with Sirius were marked by the avoidable deaths of Voldemort's rise, the should-haves and the should-not-haves of a survivor. And Sirius just listened. Every time, Sirius stood in that same spot, not looking at anything. Every time, he looked thinner than he did before. His too-short cloak started greying and fraying over the years, his once handsome face retreated into the hood. It was always summer when they met, but the room got colder every year. The last time Harry visited was on his eighteenth birthday. He brought Ron and Hermione, because there was safety in numbers. There was ice on the window, even though it was July, and Sirius was still standing there, his cloak moving in an invisible wind. His face was hidden in shadows underneath the hood. "Hi Sirius," he said, and beside him, Ron and Hermione uttered similar greetings. Well, there was no painless way to say this, so he thought he'd make it quick. "I know Lupin has been visiting you every week," he began. Was there a tiny acknowledgement? A turning of the head? It didn't alleviate Harry's worries, on the contrary. But he, Ron, and Hermione all had their wands. "I'm very sorry, Sirius, but Lupin won't come here anymore," continued Harry. "He died in the battle against Lord Voldemort. We won, but… we won at a price." This time it was unmistakeable. That head turned. Shadows danced underneath the hood. Harry barely recognised that cloak as his anymore. "Still," continued Harry, addressing the basic program, that tiny bit of Sirius that he'd been trying to convince himself was still in there somehow. "Lord Voldemort is gone, forever. So is Peter Pettigrew. So is Bellatrix Lestrange. So is Severus Snape. He was a good man, though I expect you won't believe it. We couldn't have done it without him." "Your brother, too," said Ron. "Yeah," said Harry. "Regulus wasn't a Death Eater who got scared. He defied Lord Voldemort, and died for it. He was a good kid, a brave kid, and I think you might be glad to hear it. The price was high, but we won. It's your win, as well, and it's long overdue, and we thank you for all you did." There was silence, but it was attentive. It wasn't a void. It wasn't nothing. Harry could feel it in his teeth, he just didn't know what it was. "It's okay, Sirius," said Hermione softly, her hand gripping her wand tightly. "You can leave now. We'll be fine." "Yeah," said Ron. "We're prepared. Harry has taught us. It's okay to let go." It was staring at them now. Harry was shaking with cold, but there was none of the bone-chilling fear. None of the voices. None of the screams. He looked at Hermione. Maybe Sirius needed convincing. Maybe he didn't understand. Maybe he needed an explanation. "Four years ago," said Hermione, "I wrote an essay. So many of my stories start like this." She smiled. "It was for Professor Lupin. Compare and contrast different theories on where Dementors come from. There are so many, but none of them made sense." "Yeah," said Ron. "I mean, Boggarts? Seriously?" "But that was all the scholars had to offer on the subject of Dementors," said Hermione. "Years later, I read a story. It was in The Tales of Beedle the Bard . Surprisingly helpful book. That story said that the first Dementor was just a wizard, a skilled Legilimens. A sad and scary man. All he craved was happiness, but there was none in him. So he started taking them where he could, happy memories, and he didn't give them back. He was in a woman's head when she died from the shock, and without a living substrate, the sad man's soul died with her. All that was left of him was a husk, and a hunger. He devoured happiness, and then he devoured souls, and his victims, in time, did the same. But it takes a while for that last spark to die. About a year, for most." "We know what you did," said Harry. "You held out for four years. You guarded the void, and you listened. We can only imagine how hard it must have been. I know why you did it, Sirius, I'm a godfather now, too. I bet Lupin told you about little Teddy. But it's okay, Sirius. I promise we'll be fine." No reaction, and Harry was horribly reminded of the first time he had been here. Maybe Sirius, or what's left of him, needed a nudge. "I'll show you," he said. "I can do it now." His left hand reached for Hermione's arm, and on his right side, Ron lay a hand on his shoulder. "I have my best friends by my side," he said. "Voldemort is gone, the war is over. There's so much happiness I could explode. So much sadness, too, but a good man taught me there's never one without the other. Expecto Patronum ." He didn't shout, he didn't have to. The stag emerged from his wand, stood proudly in the middle of the room before moving over to Sirius, nudging his shoulder with his nose. A light made of happiness and memory and relief, lighting up that skeletal face one last time. "Remember Prongs?" said Harry, who forced himself to look at that face. "He's your best friend, and he's showing you the way home." It wasn't dramatic. Important things rarely were. There was a sound, like a person breathing out one last time. Then the stag took a giant leap and galloped off through the closed window. The hooded shape that was formerly Sirius was swaying in a non-existent wind. It drew a rattling breath. Harry smiled, looked at Ron, then at Hermione. "We've defeated Voldemort and his entire army," he said. "I think we can deal with one more bloody Dementor." The End.