after a moment. The other stared at him for a minute ; then he burst out laughing. He didn't seem scared at all anymore, Harry noted. He smiled sheepishly, ashamed that he didn't know something he obviously should have. "It's my name, silly." Harry looked at him oddly. That was a weird name. "Then why did you say Malfoy S ?" he asked, insisting on the plural. "Is there several of you ?" The concept seemed to worry Harry a bit. The Malfoy smirked. "Oh, yes, there are a lot of Malfoys." Harry's eyes grew wider, and the boy laughed again. "It's my family name, stupid. I'm Draco." And the boy took two steps forwards and held out his hand in front of Harry, who looked very relieved that there was only one of him. He would never admit it, but he hated the idea of other people meeting the mysterious grey eyes ; it was his mysterious dream friend. Harry took the hand and shook it happily. "It's nice to meet you." Draco kept his hand for a second, apparently expecting something. "Well, don't you have a name ?" He finally asked. "Oh ! Well, my aunt usually calls me "cockroach" or "parasite", or just "him". My cousin gets "pumpkin", so I think I'm better off than him, somehow ; though I do live in a cupboard under some stairs..." He added the last bit as an afterthought. Draco was regarding him with shock. "Wow, what kind of a life is that ? You live in a cupboard ? With your whole family ? How poor can you be ?" The thought made him shudder. He had unconsciously let go of Harry's hand a bit suddenly. "I'm not !" Harry protested, noticing the backward movement. "I mean... the cupboard is my bedroom. But my aunt and uncle own a big house. I'm just not allowed in much. They kind of hate me, I guess." He shrugged. The boy had lost his expression of disgust ; he looked rather concerned. "Why ?" "Don't know. I never thought about it, really, it's been like that since forever. Knowing why wouldn't make a difference, would it ?" "Were are your parents ? Why don't you live with them ?" Harry shifted unconfortably. "Died in a car crash..." he mumbled. "Oh... uh, sorry." Poor Draco seemed quite lost. Harry shrugged again. For a minute, they both stared at the floor. "What's a car crash ?" Draco added after a while. Harry stared at him with a blank expression. "Well... car accident, you know... it's when a car crashes into another car, or into a wall or a tree, and then the people inside are hurt and usually they die..." Draco's pointy features reflected Harry's blank face. There was an akward silence, during which they eyed each other with odd expressions. Then Draco took a deep breath and decided to break it. "Hey, wanna see something cool ?" "Yeah, alright", Harry said. He followed with an interested gaze the other boy's movements, who had not waited for Harry's approval to begin. The blond kid was picking up a single leaf and held it in front of his face. Harry studied it carefully, but noticed nothing. He opened his mouth to ask what he was supposed to be looking at, when the leaf suddenly caught fire. Harry's eyes grew wide. "H-how did you do that ?" Draco wore a smug expression. "Can't tell", he taunted. "Come on !" Harry insisted. "Nah. It's a secret." Harry pouted, and Draco let a small laugh escape. "Here, let me show you again." And Harry watched Draco burn a few other fallen leaves with great enthusiasm. It looked like his miracles ; or even like magic. Harry loved mysteries, especially when it involved magic ; and they rarely did. Now and then, Draco would set on fire leaves that were still on a tree, and Harry would protest. "Hey, don't do that !" he would whine. "The leaves up there are still living. And you could burn the whole tree, and the forest ! It's dangerous." Draco would smirk and ruffle Harry's hair. "Poor little darling", he told him when Harry admonished him for the fourth time. "It's alright, I won't hurt your little forest." Harry pouted and crossed his arm, turning away from Draco. "Hey", Draco said softly, resting a hand on his shoudler. "It's really gonna be alright, you know. With your aunt and stuff." Harry faced him. "We'll get back at them for making you live under the stairs." He gave an encouraging smile, which reflected on the black haired boy's face ; he had noticed the use of the "we" from his friend. "And then I'll get chocolate without being beaten up for eating some ?" Harry asked in a small voice. Draco's smile grew wider, a gentle light in his silver eyes. "Sure", he answered. "You'll get all the chocolate you want." That made Harry's face light up even more, and Draco ruffled his hair again, more fondly this time. "Oh, crap", Draco exclaimed suddenly. "Father's gonna be furious. It's almost dark. He's probably looking for me now. I have to go." And with that, he rushed towards the edge of the trees, where the voices Harry had heard earlier came from. He looked helplessly at the escaping figure, wishing for the dream not to end, almost forgetting it was a dream at all ; when the boy suddenly turned back and gave Harry a wicked smile. "I'll see you around, parasite", he winked. Harry felt the smile grow back on his face and he waved at the disappearing boy. His surroundings became blurry, but Harry wasn't worried ; that was what happened to dreams, after all. But the boy's features, this time, didn't fade. That morning, Harry woke up with a smile. It would be all right. I hope you liked this new version of chapter one ! Reviews are very welcome ;)