Slytherin… well, I will. Meissa here will probably end up in Hufflepuff with the mudbloods." Meissa moved to smack her brother but Narcissa restrained her. "He's only teasing Missy. No member of our family has ever been placed in that house." "What about Andromeda's daughter?" Pollux questioned and Narcissa pretended to not hear him as she pulled out Draco's book list and began selecting three copies of each book. "I've heard that-" Meissa began turning around to look at the velvet-covered books but knocked into someone knocking them both to the ground. "I'm sorry I'm sorry." Meissa apologized frantically helping the girl to her feet. "Well you should be I never- Meissa Black, Oh I'm so sorry! Totally my fault." Pansy Parkinson apologized respectfully bowing her head slightly. Meissa knew Pansy vaguely, she often saw her at Galas held by the Ministry or at the Malfoy Christmas parties. Dark brown hair framed her heart shaped face and her full rose colored lips were pursed. Her pale green eyes reminded Meissa of the watercolors she'd often use in her paintings. She noticed she was outright staring at Pansy when she quickly stepped back and fixed her own robes. Pansy blushed slightly, straightening out her skirt. "Pansy, it's fine." Meissa chuckled reaching forward to brush dust off Pansy's shoulder. Pansy looked from Meissa's hand to her face and smiled timidly. "I like your robes." "Oh thank you, Pansy, Grandmother had it imported from France. Purple is my favorite color." "Mine too. Besides green... Purple does look lovely on you." "Oh um thanks. You look great today... I mean you look great every day- You must be getting your school books. Your first year too?" "Oh, yes." Walburga walked in looking irritable and nodded politely at Pansy. "Ms. Parkinson, lovely to see you. I trust your family is well." "Yes, Mrs. Black," Pansy said quickly. Walburga stared Pansy down until she scurried away waving goodbye to Meissa. "Grandmother, is everything alright?" "Yes, Meissa… just promise me you won't ever end up like Sirius." "Of course Grandmother." Walburga kissed the top of Meissa's head affectionately, "My little Princess." "Do you have everything?" Walburga asked as Meissa lifted her trunk onto the trolley. "Dress robes, school robes, clothes, books, scales-" "Wand?" Walburga asked and Meissa patted her pockets. Walburga pulled Meissa's wand out of pocket and handed it to her. "I have it now. Thank you, Grandmother." Pollux and Draco had taken to ramming their trolleys together. Meissa scowled at them. "Did I really have to be the only girl." "You'll make plenty of friends at Hogwarts I promise. Make sure you don't get involved with the wrong sort." Lucius said and Meissa nodded proudly as if the very idea of being involved with anyone not worthy of her was absurd. Which it was. "Of course." Pollux and Draco had run straight to the train after a quick goodbye to their families. Meissa stood with her Grandmother apprehensively. "Now Meissa, everyone in this school will want to befriend you, as they should. It is up to you to uphold the name of House Black." "I know Grandmother." "Good luck my dear." She said, "Get going." Meissa looked up at intimidating train and stood taller. Walburga gently pushed her forward and Meissa waved goodbye as she climbed onto the train lugging her trunk behind her. She walked through the corridor trying to find an empty compartment or at the very least find her brother and cousin. She found an empty apartment and let herself in taking a seat. She pulled her drawing notebook out of her trunk and a quill and began sketching her family crest. There was a knock on the door and Meissa looked up to see Pansy standing there. "May I join you?" "Of course," Meissa said politely as Pansy took a seat across from her and lugged in her trunk. "Did you draw that? It's great." Pansy asked peeking over to look at Meissa's sketch. "Oh, yes I love to draw, Grandmother says I get it from my dad- Father" "Well, you're very good." "I could sketch you if you want." "Alright" Pansy agreed but before Meissa could start there was another knock at the door. A girl with big bushy hair and buck teeth peeked her head in. "Is this cabin full?" "What's your name girl?" "Hermione Granger." Pansy and Meissa looked at each other as neither of them had heard the name before. Pansy thought for a moment before speaking, "Any relation to Hector Dagworth-Granger? The potioneer?" "Um, no I don't think so. My parents are muggles." "Then I'm not sorry to inform you that this compartment is full," Meissa said in a mocking tone. Pansy hands flew to her mouth to stifle her giggles. Taken aback Hermione left quickly. "She didn't touch anything did she?" Pansy asked and Meissa laughed shaking her head. "I think we're safe... just to be safe," Meissa pulled out her wand and laid it next to her on the seat. "Doubt the mudblood will know how to use one of these." Pansy smirked, her eyes twinkling. "What kind of wand is that?" "Blackthorn, 10 inches precisely and dragon heartstring." "I've heard those wands are really powerful," Pansy said looking rather impressed. "Oh, I know they are. My Grandmother was quite pleased. My brother got dragon heartstring too, elm wood I think, his was 15 inches almost. Rather stiff, mines swishy." "Mines acacia, Phoenix feather. I'm not sure how long.. 12 inches perhaps." Pansy took out her wand admiring it, Meissa gave an approving nod. "Okay, ready to be drawn?" "Sure." Pansy smiled widely and Meissa blushed as she grabbed her quill. Yes, I admit this is my second story about one of the Blacks' having illegitimate kids and leaving them without a father. But this one is obviously very different and I'm super excited for it! The Black family is just so fun to write about and I just really wanna write an anti-hero.