my kids..." Said the raven haired man as the guilt overcame him. "Hmm... I'm not sure, I've only got one but knowing you and what you're like, I'm sure they will take it okay." Draco said, sighing softly and looking at Harry with a caring face. Harry abruptly hugged Draco and buried his face into the crook of his neck, this surprised the blonde but he hogged back and rubbed circles on the other mans back for comfort. "Will you come with me?" Asked the raven haired man before pulling away and looking at Draco with pleading eyes. "Of course." Said Draco with a gentle smile before kissing Harry softly "After you shower I can get in, I will tidy up a bit and then we can go." Harry nodded "I will help." He said with a small smile. "Help with what?" Draco asked before cocking a brow. "The tidying... And if you want.." He grinned and looked at Draco before winking and moving over and getting out of the bed. "I couldn't refuse that Harry Potter." The blonde man said before chuckling and also getting out of the bed. The two walked to the bathroom and Harry pushed Draco in there, looking around before being in and shutting the door behind him. ~Meanwhile~ "Al I need to toilet you are going to have to get off of me." Scorpius said, wiggling slightly as he was held firmly by Albus. "Noo I want to hug you." He said with a pout. "Then come to the toilet with me and you can hug me then" Scorpius joked and looked down at his boyfriend. "Okay." Albus said seriously and looked up at the young Malfoy. "I love you and all Albus but there are some things that I need to do alone." He said before leaning down and kissing Albus before removing his arm and getting out of the bed. "Frankly Scorpius Malfoy, I'm offended." He joked and rolled his eyes. "Go do your toilet stuff quickly so I can hug you again." "Yeah yeah what ever you want." Said the blonde with a grin and he left the room. Scorpius walked to the bathroom and heard a familiar noise coming from the door and decided against going in, instead he went to the other one. Soon after the blonde walked back into the bedroom and saw Albus who had the quilt just below his hip bone. Scorpius had forgotten that the other had decided to sleep in the nude and was now staring at him like a dog. "I was hot." Albus said simply and turned onto his front, the quilt shifted slightly. "You always are.." Scorpius said while still staring. He quickly snapped out of his daze and got into bed with the other. "Why thankyou." Said the brunette with a smirk and leaned up on his elbows. "You know Al... You're very naked right now..." Scorpius said while studying his boyfriend. "Oh I had no idea." Albus said sarcastically, rolling his eyes playfully and sat up, the quilt covering almost nothing. Scorpius bit his lip and cocked a brow, subconsciously staring again. "You're drooling." Albus commented and smirked before leaning over and kissing Scorpius. The blonde boy kissed back and put his hand on his boyfriends waist before being straddled. Albus licked the saliva off of the blondes chin and wrapped his arms around him. "Albus, hate to ruin the moment but yesterday want a dream." Scorpius thought randomly, Albus pulled away an looked at his boyfriend with wide eyes. "What? How do you know?" He asked and nervously bit his lip. "They are doing it in the shower." Scorpius said bluntly and grimaced slightly. "Really?" Albus cocked a brow. "We need to do that..." He said with a grin and licked his lips. "Want to listen outside the door?I'm curious." Scorpius said with a grin. "Our dad's are having a shag and you want to listen?" The brunette said before smirking "Of course I do." ~later on~ Albus, Scorpius, Draco and Harry sat at the table, eating breakfast in a kind of awkward silence. "Okay." Harry was the first to break the silence "We need to talk about yesterday." "Dad please, forget about it, I don't know what happened and I'm pretty sure you don't either." Albus said before sighing and looking at his dad then at Draco. "Well there's more to it than that." Harry said before Draco looked at him and then to Scorpius. "You both need to listen, this is important. okay?" Said the blonde man, raising his brows and waiting for the two to listen. "Okay." Both boys said, looking from Draco to Harry and waiting for them to speak. "Me and Draco have decided that we want to be with each other. After we eat we are going to talk with your mother/Ginny and get things sorted out." The raven haired man said before pushing up his glasses. Scorpius and Albus looked at each other and their face lit up. "Really?!" They asked together and grinned widely. Harry and Draco smiled at each other and nodded. "Yes but listen Albus, you must stay with your mother. I can no longer live at out home but I promise, I will come and pick you up so you can see me and obviously Scorpius." "This is... It's great. But. If you and Draco are going to be together... Does that mean I can't be with Scorpius?" He asked, suddenly feeling down." "God no, you are free to be with each other, I don't think anything could be more jumbled like things are now so you two will be fine." Draco said with a smile. "Little Draco is with little Harry. Isn't that adorable." Harry remarked and chuckled slightly. "Yes quite." Draco agreed and smiled softly. The two teens blushed and smiled at each other. "We will just have to brace ourselves for mums reaction." Albus said, sighing and grabbing hold of his boyfriends hands END.