taking a quick appraisal of each of them and then back to Draco. "Yeah, ok. I suppose that's something to know about all of you." "Well what about you? What's your family like?" Millicent demanded. His angry eyes found her face as he looked over the rather plain looking witch. Her brown hair was lifeless, her brown eyes flat and her complexion was simply fair. She was nothing in comparison to the very comely Pansy Parkinson who's dark eyes glittered with interest, her chestnut hair pulled back simply but elegantly. She had unblemished and clear olive skin. He could tell that Millicent was very jealous of Pansy and by questioning him immediately she was hoping to capture his particular attention before the other girl could. "What about them?" Emery shrugged, not inclined to answer. "Your last name is Graves, but we aren't familiar with the name." Crabbe spoke up next. The rather thick and tall boy was clearly an enforcer type, Emery could tell it about him immediately by the way he sat behind Draco. He probably wasn't completely stupid, but it was obvious that Draco led Vincent and Gregory with little effort. "We are an American family." Emery answered, refusing to give them the information they seemed so keen to get. He noticed that Theo in particular was watching him with a quiet curiosity, but it didn't seem as hostile as the others were now starting to become. "Are you a pure-blood?" Blaise finally asked point blank. "I am not going to answer that." The boy with strange eyes replied casually. "Why not?" Draco sneered. "Are you afraid of us finding out that you are some kind of mudblood?" The grin that spread across Emery's face was the last thing any of Draco's gang expected. "I like you Drake; you don't even bother to hide what a complete asshole you are." Draco sputtered in disbelief. "Beg your pardon? What did you just call me you...you trashy-" Emery smiled as he took hold of Draco's shoulder. "I called you an asshole, Drake. I take it you object?" "Of course I object you bloody imbecile!" Draco snarled. He started to reach for his wand but realized that their head of house, Severus Snape as well the Headmaster were watching the scene play out. "What are you playing at, Graves?" The blue and brown eyes of Emery contemplated the self-proclaimed Prince of Slytherin. Finally he shrugged non-nonchalantly. "Honestly, Drake, I am just here to finish out my final two years of school so that I can go back home. I wanted to feel you guys out and now I know exactly what I am dealing with." Draco blinked back his surprised but then smirked. "You are either a complete tosser or a brilliant Slytherin. "And now for a few announcements!" Dumbledore's voice silenced any further chattering amongst the students. "Firstly, I would like to welcome back Horace Slughorn who is returning to his old post as Potions Master and congratulate Professor Snape on his acquiring the Defense Against The Dark Arts post." "Guess the rumors were true." Draco said. "Perhaps we'll finally learn something important from Defense Against the Dark Arts for once." "You wished to speak with me, Headmaster?" Severus reminded as the old man looked up at him with an expression of confusion at his presence. "I imagine it has something to do with Potter or The Dark Lord." With a small smile Albus shook his head. "No, Severus. For once you will find my request for this meeting with you purely academic in nature. It has nothing to do with Mr. Potter or Tom Riddle directly." One of Snapes black brows rose, his curiosity peaked as he took a seat in the chair directly in front of the desk. "How refreshing." He smirked. "What is that you wish to discuss?" Before the Headmaster could answer, he realized what the topic would most likely be about. "Mr. Graves?" "Yes. The boy is here as a favor to an old student of mine. He has quite a history and I would like you to keep an eye on him. According to his past instructors he has a tendency to react rather violently when pushed, agitated or harassed." The deceptively powerful wizard slid a thick yellow folder across the desk and to his Head of Slytherin house. "I would suggest looking over his folder when you get the opportunity." Snape opened the folder and was surprised to see that unlike most student files, this boy's was riddled with teacher comments, red writing indicating times he had been in trouble and the accounts of what had happened and then finally catching his eyes were the boldly stamped words across the bottom. EXPELLED. "You are sending a trouble maker into my midst." Snape sneered. "I am sure once you read through it all, you will be rather pleased to find he is a well behaved student who simply finds himself in the wrong place at the wrong time." Albus smiled pleasantly, his blue eyes sparkling softly behind his glasses. "Another arrogant fool-hardy boy who believes he knows best. Who would have thought Harry Potter came in Slytherin colors as well." Clearly the Potions Master was not impressed. "Is there anything else?" "Yes, actually. The mother does not want Emery involved with the Death Eaters or their children." "He chose his house well then; didn't he?" Professor Snape snorted as he was barely able to refrain from rolling his eyes. "How do you expect me to keep him away from all the Death Eater's children when most of them are in and of his house? What exactly do you suggest I do?" "I trust you to make the right decisions, Severus." Albus replied with an easy smile. "He is a very intelligent young man, and while he does come from a prestigious American bloodline, there has been no signs of prejudiced in the history of the family. I doubt he will be any great burden."