on his arm as well as his amused headshake that stops him from roasting them alive for daring to wake him up. "Sorry," Charlie apologizes for him with a slight smile, "he's grumpy in the mornings." The maids curtsy and leave after that, only bothering to open the curtains to let in the blinding sunlight. It does wake them up though, and Draco stumbles after Charlie to the kitchens to grab something to eat. What little time there is left before the wedding flies by after that, and before he knows it, Draco finds himself standing in his first church, witnessing his first wedding. It's beautiful, both the place and the ceremony, but it is also dreadfully long. He and Charlie pass the time by trying to find all the knights they've met before – there is a surprising amount of them, and Draco thinks that if he were with any other family he'd be at least a little worried. Molly and Percy, her third eldest son, send them disapproving looks every so often, but Draco has caught more than once thumbs-up from Arthur before the man turns his eyes back to his son, and the twins have been pointing out some of the knights that Draco thinks he might have missed otherwise. They seem to have some sort of bet going on over how many of them he and Charlie remember – almost none of the names, to be honest, and some of the faces they only vaguely acknowledged before sending them away so they don't remember those either, but by the time the church starts to empty Draco is confident they've actually encountered at least half the knights who were there. It does explain why Arthur was so adamant on Charlie stopping his mind-tricks. The celebrations outside are more to his tastes. The food is delicious, a true treat, and the dancing is more fun than he thought it'd be. It reminds him a little of flying, how precise and graceful the movements have to be, and he doesn't think Charlie is very surprised to find him a natural at it. "I'm terribly jealous," Charlie notes as they twirl around. "You have no idea how much work it was to get me to learn even the simplest steps." Draco smirks, and dips Charlie low. "What can I say?" He purrs into the man's ear once he's standing again, "I guess I'm just better than you." Charlie laughs, his eyes twinkling merrily. He is happy here, and seeing it, Draco honestly can't believe Charlie refused to go back for so long. Charlie belongs there, with these humans. Maybe, if Draco were human too – or more human, a better person – he would insist he stayed. But Draco is a dragon, and he is greedy – he claimed Charlie as his treasure the moment he carried off the strange human who had freed him and been scolded for it by said human, and no dragon ever parts with their treasure easily. "Long trip ahead of us tomorrow, huh?" He asks, trying to mask the uneasiness in his voice. He would never let Charlie go, but if Charlie wanted to leave… That would be harder to stand. Of course, he needn't have worried. "Don't remind me," Charlie moans loudly. "I can't wait for this to be over." Draco smirks, showing a hint of teeth too sharp to be human. "You know, technically we've said goodbye to your family already…" Charlie perks up. "We did," he breathes out, his eyes alight. "Think they'll notice if we slip away?" "When most are doing the same themselves?" Draco scoffs. "I don't think so." Charlie hums softly, casting quick glances around them. The only ones of his siblings to still be there are Ginny, who, if the way she looks at that black-haired man, isn't going to be here for much longer, and the twins, who are busy doing something to the drinks everyone is pretending not to notice. "Let's go then," Charlie says, taking the lead for a moment so as to get them off the dancefloor. "I know just the place." The place turns out to be just beside the outer wall. It is out of the way, a small alcove hidden behind a wall of thriving flowers that part like the sea before them. "I used to come here when I wanted to get away," Charlie confesses, his eyes wistful as he trails his hand against the wall. There are small cravings there, too low and rudimentary to have been made by an adult hand. "I can see why," Draco simply replies, delighting in the quirk of Charlie's lips his words provoke. "It's how I left the first time too, you know," he explains. "I just came here with what I thought I needed, and I teleported." "Is that what we're going to do then?" Draco hates teleporting – the further they go, the worse the feeling gets – and it must show on his face because Charlie chuckles. "Don't worry, we're not going far." "We're not?" "Well, I thought you might want to stretch your wings," he winks. Draco smiles, heart overcome by a wave of love for this human who somehow keeps surprising him, and a heartbeat later Charlie steps in close and, grabbing ahold of him, teleports them away. "Don't you think your people will be worried if they see a dragon so close to the city?" Draco asks once they find a clearing large enough for him to shed his human skin. Charlie simply sighs, resigned. "I'm sure they'll just assume that you came back for your princess." "Are you asking to be kidnapped?" Draco asks, raising an eyebrow questioningly. Charlie laughs. "Sure, why not. Take me away, dragon." "As you wish, princess ," he taunts back, ignoring Charlie's shouted hey! of protest as he returns to his true form. When he takes flight, Charlie on his back, it tastes like freedom. It tastes like coming home.