to visit, I found one of them working harder than any boy his age should." Petunia blanches at that, and Hadrian knows he has her now. It's almost sad, actually, how easy it was, but well. Petunia never really stood a chance, not when Harry is fighting to protect someone he cares about, not when he has magic on his side to ease the process. Still, she tries to protest, to contest his claim. "The boy likes the work." Even to her own ears, it must sound weak, because she blanches even further, and Hadrian can feel his lips curl up in a smirk. "I'm sure," he drawls, arching an eyebrow in his best Snape impression. "In fact, I believe that if I were to ask Harry for his opinion, he would say the same, wouldn't he?" It takes a little nudge, but once Harry realizes he's being addressed his eyes widen and he stammers out the truth, that he really doesn't like being outside by this heat. "And the thorns on the stems keep cutting into my fingers too," he adds, voice so low as to be almost inaudible. He's trembling, and Hadrian knows it's because he's afraid of what the Dursleys would usually do to him for complaining in such a way. Hadrian tucks him against his side, wrapping a protective arm around the boy's shoulders, and sends an unimpressed look Petunia's way. "The boy doesn't know what he's talking about," she tries again, and Hadrian knows before she even starts that she's about to launch into one of her 'discredit Harry' speeches. "I'll stop you right there," Hadrian interrupts, lips still curled up in contempt. "I will be leaving with Harry, and nothing you can say will change my mind." And then, because if there is anyone he can be cruel with, it is Petunia Dursley, he adds, "After all, I do believe I am a better more fit to raise such a problematic child than you are." He drawls the word 'problematic' with such dry sarcasm as to make it undeniable that it meant anything but the word's actual meaning, and Harry giggles against his chest. If possible, Petunia seems to blanch even more, before her anger colors her cheeks red. "You're one of them!" She accuses, pointing at his and backing away. "I am," Hadrian replies, amused despite himself. He almost takes a step forward, just to see what she would do, but in the end he reconsiders and stays where he is. He doesn't have to wait for long. "Take him then! Just take him!" "Thank you," Hadrian replies, allowing his lips to stretch into a much truer smile this time. He lets go of Harry for a moment, looking the child in the eyes. "Why don't you go gather your stuff then, Harry? We'll be leaving as soon as you're done." "For real?" The boy's tone, full of wonder and excitement, is almost painful to Hadrian's ears, but he forces himself to nod. "I swear." The boy practically runs off then, and Hadrian knows he doesn't have much time left with Petunia. "I did my best, you know." "I'm sure," Hadrian answers absent-mindedly, wondering why she even bothers trying to justify herself now. "He'll be safe?" "Safer than with you," Hadrian scoffs. To her credit, Petunia doesn't protest and only looks like she wants to. They stand there in silence until Harry returns, a small ratty backpack on his shoulders, but by then Petunia looks at them with something like acceptance. "Goodbye sister," Hadrian says, wishing the words didn't taste so slimy in his mouth. He holds his hand out for Harry, and the boy grasps it just as eagerly this time as all the others before it. "Goodbye Aunt Petunia," the boy echoes timidly, but when he looks up at Hadrian, his eyes are shining with trust and happiness. "Goodbye," Petunia replies, her lips pressed tight. She doesn't escort them to the door, but her heavy gaze seems to follow them well into the street anyway. Hadrian isn't sad to leave her behind, and from the looks of things, neither is Harry. "Thank you," the boy finally mutters once the number four is no longer in sight. Those two words are like a dam that's been opened, because as soon as he says them, Harry starts crying, burying his head against Hadrian's stomach. They don't move for a while, not until Harry's shoulders finally stop shaking and the boy leans away, rubbing at his wet face and runny nose with his sleeves. "What is it?" Hadrian asks, even though he thinks he already knows. "I didn't think anyone would ever come," Harry admits quietly. "Well, I'm here now," Hadrian replies, projecting a confidence he's not really feeling into his words. "I'm here now, and I'm not going anywhere." He doesn't realizes it's the truth until he says it, but once he has – once Harry has looked up to him with those big soulful eyes of his, Hadrian knows he can't turn back now, can't go back on his word. It hurts terribly, to know that keeping Harry now also means renouncing to any hope of going back to his own time – to his own life (not that there had been much of it in the first place, but still) – but Hadrian wouldn't trade it away for anything. "I'm staying right here," he repeats, and tries to ignore the way the words sort of make him feel like he's free-falling. With Harry there, it's almost easy. "Now come on, are you ready to go home?" The boy's eyes go almost impossibly wide as his lips move to echo the word 'home', and Hadrian laughs. It's perhaps the first time he's laughed since he crash-landed in this time, but it feels good. It feels like something new – like something that could even be great. Maybe, he thinks as he Apparates away with Harry, coming here wasn't such a bad idea.