could do than hope she would forgive him and try to stop losing his temper. He still wasn't going to tell anyone what he'd seen in the pensieve. His own confusion and shame aside, it wasn't his memory to share. That also ruled out explaining his conversation with Sirius and Lupin. As he'd told her, that was personal, and it had been her choice to teach the twins to activate the galleon. That left only one of their recent arguments he could concede on: the D.A. Notes. Considering what she had just given him, finishing the Notes was the least he could do. Really, it would be creating more work for her, as Hermione would insist on going through and annotating them with external sources, and Harry wasn't sure anyone would actually want them. But if it made Hermione happy, he would do it. The main trouble was finding them. That morning Harry had shoved everything he'd indiscriminately thrown about his bed back into his trunk in one great heap. It was exactly how he had left it, and Harry grimaced at the mess. He set the bags and his robes on the bed and levitated the trunk up beside it. He would have to sort through it to find the right notebook. Hearing Dean and Seamus coming up the stairs, laughing about Dean's bizarre new look, he settled himself on the covers, drew his bed curtains closed, and began to empty the trunk. It was amazing how much stuff had accumulated over the past five years. Harry never left anything at the Dursleys, knowing either Petunia would throw it out or Dudley would destroy it, so he had five years of textbooks, quills, scrolls, clothes, gifts, odds and ends, and rubbish gathered. Near the top of the pile, just under a Weasley sweater, the sneakoscope was still shrieking, and Harry quickly fished out one of the mismatched socks Dobby had given him to stuff it in. He set it aside and started pulling out his extra clothing, which took up most of the space, folding it with the quick hands of a child who had done chores his whole life, building little stacks around him. His quidditch robes, the dress robes he had worn at the Yule Ball the year before, and Mrs. Weasley's sweaters were the only among them he really valued. The rest were poorly fitting hand-me-downs he saved for summer chores and robes that were far too short for him now; his regular clothes were separated out into the dormitory closet with his school robes. With the clothes sorted, Harry turned to the rest of the trunk. He needed to get the books into some sort of order, but first he would have to work through everything else. It would give Hermione time to cool down before he apologized, he supposed, and he still hadn't found his notebook. Sighing, he gathered the unread stack of letters from the Triwizard Tournament. Several of the envelopes only had his name on them, so they had to be opened to make sure they weren't anything important. Mostly, they were filled with exactly what had stopped him reading them all in the first place: congratulations for winning (as they had just known he would do all along), demands that Harry write them personally explain exactly what had happened (even when they were complete strangers), requests to borrow his earnings (never mind that he had given them to Fred and George when the Diggorys had refused them), and so on. It was a troublesome task, and Harry was soon itching to give up and toss the whole lot of them into the fire. But one envelope caught his eye. It was somehow different from the rest. The handwriting that displayed his name in capital letters seemed familiar, though he couldn't place where he recognized it from, and like the book Hermione had brought him it had the worn appearance of something old: a flattened crease where it had once been folded, corners dented, the whole thing yellowed and faded. When he flipped it over, he found it sealed with an unstamped glob of what looked like candle wax, and in the corner a date: 23 June 1995. Harry frowned. The final task had been on the 24th, so had this letter had been sent before he 'won' the tournament? Before Cedric had died, and Voldemort had been reborn? Impatience forgotten, he broke the seal, surprised by the little shock of magic up his arm that must have come from a sticking charm holding it together. He pulled out the letter inside, a single piece of parchment, and unfolded it. It proved disappointing. The letter was illegible, between the messy handwriting, ink splatters, and what looked like water damage. He held it close to his face, squinting, but it seemed to be getting worse, letters jumbling and the ink swirling, and— Harry swore and let go, scrambling back, staring at the page in horror. The words disappeared slowly, ink bleeding until they faded away, and he was terribly, horribly reminded of a similar sight: Tom Riddle's diary, which had nearly killed Ginny Weasley in his second year. He grabbed his wand out of his robe pocket and trained it on the letter, expecting the worse. The worst didn't happen, though. Nothing did. Within a matter of seconds, the ink was completely gone, leaving behind a crisp, clean, and more importantly completely inanimate sheet of parchment. That did not stop Harry from staring, though, wand held like he expected the specter of Lord Voldemort's youth to rise up out of the page. He was still sitting there on his bed, folded clothes settled around him, the faint whistling of the sneakoscope coming from the sock by his left knee. Everything but the letter seemed exactly the same. In fact, Harry might not have noticed any sign of change at all had he not suddenly been thrown back in an explosion of white light.