"He's grown four inches just this summer and I'll be needing to get him some new robes." Harry nodded and she let go, walking farther into the kitchen. "Are you hungry dear?" the growing teen nodded eagerly, taking a seat at the table. While Mrs. Weasley was getting everything together she updated him on all the happenings of late. They discussed Horace Slughorn and Arthur's new promotion before going into a comfortable silence. Harry looked around the home, still as awed as the first time. He turned to the family's magical clock and noticed all of the faces pointed to 'Mortal Danger'. He turned to Mrs. Weasley, confused, and she sighed. "It's been like that for a while now. Ever since you-know-who-" she trailed off as one of the hands started moving. 's face moved to 'Traveling' and Molly got up, fleeing to the door. Harry yawned, finishing off his drink and looked up to listen to what Mr. Weasley was saying. "…What is it that I call you when we're in the confines of our room?" Harry saw Arthur raise his eyebrows suggestively and give Molly a wink. She, on the other hand, went as bright as a tomato and mumbled, 'Mollywobbles', horrified. Harry gaged on the onion soup he had been spooning into his mouth and coughed, sputtering as the hot broth went down the wrong pipe. "Harry! I thought we wouldn't be seeing you till tomorrow." He said coming over and shaking the young mans' hand. "Dumbledore." Molly explained with a smile. "That man…" "No trouble though. We're glad to have you." The three talked for a bit longer about politics, the order, and of course you-know-who. The serious discussion only stopped when Molly noticed Harry starting to fall asleep at the table. "Here Harry." He woke, startled, and gave her an apologetic look. "It's no worry dear. Now your things are currently in the twin's room, which you will soon have to yourself, but tonight you'll be sharing a room with Ronald. Is that okay?" He nodded gratefully, turning to look at her quickly. "Where will the twins be though?" "They'll be in Diagon Alley of course." She stated with a laugh. "The twins have a flat above their shop that they would be staying in," she rolled her eyes and rubbed her forehead. "But they have cleaners there at the moment because an experiment went terribly wrong." Harry laughed. Of course that is what happened. "So they'll be here for a few more nights with us. Just till they get everything cleared out." Harry nodded in understanding and began to make his way upstairs. "Goodnight Mrs. Weasley." "Oh goodnight dear." She smiled and left, going back to the kitchen. Harry made his way up to the 6th floor and was hit, almost immediately, with the snores of his best friend. Smiling and chuckling at the red head spewed across his bed, Harry made his way over to the second bed and immediately flopped down. He sighed in relief, sinking into the duvet, and feeling safe. He was at the Weasley's now. He didn't have to worry about the Dursley's or being lonely anymore. He was with his friends for the rest of the summer. He thought of playing Quidditch with the boys, talking to Hermione and laughing as she explained all the new things she had learned over the summer, and actually eating a good helping of food whenever he wanted. He fell asleep almost instantaneously and, for once that summer, had no nightmares. (A/N) Hey so here it is. The beginning! So I do add a lot that happens in the book but I add on the other parts and stuff to make it seem more realistic and like it could actually happen. I know that there wasn't a whole ton of fluff in the beginning and I know that people, including myself, love a good bit of fluff. However, I do have to state that they are friends and besides some stuff that will happen a bit later, their relationship will grow steady over time. I think it's more believable that way. Also this is not just a Fred and Hermione story. They are the main focus but I also love the Ginny and Harry pairing so I go into that a bit too. I think that in the HBP Harry and Ginny both grow a lot as characters and I like writing for more than one couple. On another note this will not be a Ron bashing story. I like Ron, I really do, however I just feel like him and Hermione aren't suited for each other. I believe they make good friends but from a romantic viewpoint, I feel like they would fight to much and Hermione could never truly satisfy him. Besides that though, Ron is seriously BA and like the best friend a guy could ask for. He always brought Harry home, was kind to him (forget GoF, a guy can only take so much), and he even freaking stayed at Hogwarts over Christmas his first year because he knew Harry wasn't going home. It wasn't only because his parents went to Romania to visit Charlie. He's just a great guy. So yeah. Now that I've told you that I'm just gonna say that Ron will end up with someone, and he'll be extremely happy because he deserves it. Anyways I hope that you guys liked it and I hope you keep reading. Please Review, follow, fav. Etc. and thank you in advance. If y'all have any advice or pointers, constructive criticism is appreciated and taken to mind. Also if you guys have any idea's or requests for this story just let me know and I will be sure to see if they fit the storyline as I'm writing it. Now I'm done with my rant. I'm sorry it was long but I do feel it is important to know some of these things. LOL okay bye lovelies! ~thehumanlibrary