narrowed at the pair. "Get upstairs before you cause a scene," she hissed, placing her hands on her hips. Riddle gave her a smile that made her cheeks go red, tipping his hat to her, before all but dragging Harry upstairs. Harry turned to watch Rosemerta's gaze linger a bit on Riddle's retreating form as he went up the steps, with a little smirk on her lips, before turning back to the door of her inn. Riddle opened the third door on their right, and waved Harry in. Harry had barely made it past the threshold when Lupin sprung up from an old patched chair, and dash across the room to hug him. "Harry!" Lupin said, almost crushing Harry in an embrace, and skewing Harry's glasses in the process. "We're were worried." "I gathered that bit myself," Harry murmured, now tall enough to see over Lupin's shoulder. He spotted Tonks with brightly colored purple hair, smiling, and playing with her wand, looking like she just stood up from her seat next to where Lupin was. Much to Harry's dismay, Snape was sneering in the corner of the room, his arms crossed in front of him, making him almost blend into the heavy shadows cast by the fireplace. "Did you have any trouble?" Tonks asked, as Riddle shut the door behind him. "None at all," Riddle said smoothly, his face not giving away a single thing. Harry could practically see Snape itching to call Riddle out on his lie, but thought better of it. Instead, his lips pinched tightly, going almost white. Tonks brightened, patting Lupin on the shoulder. "I think Harry needs to breathe." Lupin let Harry out of the embrace, still holding his shoulders though, and smiling. There was a glint in his eyes, as though tears were gathering in them. "It's good to see you in one piece." "Same," answered Harry, letting out his own smile. "As touching as this is, we're wasting time," Snape said, stalking from his corner. "It won't be long before the Dark Lord is notified that Potter is not at his Aunt's home." "Right you are Severus," Riddle said, looking around the room at everyone. "Wands out, and follow me." Despite what he said, Riddle lead the way without a wand. Lupin and Tonks flanked Harry as they walked with Snape bringing up the rear. Harry did feel a trill of apprehension with Snape at his back with a wand out, but he shook himself out of it. He was still angry at Snape for not giving a better sign that he had understood Harry in any way during that night, but he wasn't going to let that spoil his return to Hogwarts. Dumbledore had explained to them that Snape did alert the Order that Harry left the school, and it allowed their rescue at the Ministry. Harry had to trust that Dumbledore knew what he was doing, saying that Snape was on their side. They quietly made their way through the cobbled streets of Hogsmeade, like Harry and the Weasleys had made just after Christmas Holiday. This time, there wasn't any snow on the ground; Springy grass covered the way, barely making a sound as they all walked quietly to Hogwarts. Harry felt his heart swell in joy as he saw the peaks of the castle. Their trip went by quickly, making it up to the oak doors Harry had just left a little over a week ago, but feeling it like it was a lifetime. Riddle pushed open the doors to reveal McGonagall waiting for them. She was standing in the entry hall with her raven hair pulled into the severe bun, pointed hat tilted to the side, and her green eyes staring right at Riddle. Instead of looking happy to see them, her lips were drawn tight, and her nostrils flared. Harry had only seen that expression once before, and it was during his second year when Ron and he flew into the whomping willow with Ron's dad's flying car. Even though Harry knew he didn't do anything wrong he still felt himself shrinking at her piercing gaze. "Ah, Minerva," Riddle began holding out his arms as though to greet her warmly. McGonagall's eyes narrowed at the handsome man, becoming slits. Riddle paused in his greeting, his hands slowly dropping to his side and his slight smile falling. " Magnus Thomason ," she began almost through her teeth. She pulled out a parchment that looked very familiar to Harry. "I want you to explain the meaning of this letter, and I do hope you have a very good explanation for why I received it." " Oh ." "Oh, indeed," she snipped, marching up to Riddle, and pushing the rolled parchment into his chest. Harry could swear fire was going to come out of her nostrils at any moment. She turned her gaze to Harry for a moment and almost kindly, "It is good to see you safe Mr. Potter." Before her eyes returned to Riddle, and snapped, "Well?" "What's this all about some papers?" Lupin asked. McGonagall whipped her head over to him. "I've just received an owl from the Ministry declaring Harry Potter is now the legal ward of a Mr. Magnus R. Thomason along with a copy of the signed documents." Her voice echoed in the hall, and no one made a sound after. All eyes turned to Riddle, who twitched in his spot. His hands were still on his chest, holding the papers that were thrust at him there, and shuffled his feet. Harry wanted to reach out to help him, but the furious eyes of McGonagall, Lupin's outrage, Tonks' gapping mouth, and Snape's still fury made him second guess. Like the rest of them, Harry looked at Riddle, wondering what he was going to do to get out of this. Harry wondered if there was a way to reverse the paperwork, and hoped, despite the reaction, there wasn't. "To be fair, Albus thought it was brilliant."