the Room of Requirements for a garden and thought of Remus. He could have gotten a park, or something. Instead he was given a greenhouse filled to the brim with proclamations of love and affection, his every thought of Remus in each petal. It's like a landscaper decided to create a physical representation of the contents of his heart. It's both embarrassing and gratifying, to see the extent of his feelings so plainly for once. "Oh," Remus says, his head swivelling to take everything in as Sirius leads them to the picnic blanket. "It's beautiful." "I'm glad you like it," Sirius says, sitting down. He digs into his robe's pocket and pulls out a miniature picnic basket he'd gotten from the house elves, which he sets down and casts Engorgio on to get it to a normal size again. "But I think you'll like this just as much. Dinner is served," he says, pulling out some various dishes from the picnic blanket with a flourish. Remus looks down at the spread and laughs. "Meat pies, salad, and sandwiches? With pastries for dessert, I see." Sirius grins. "This is the best part," he says, and pours Remus a cup of hot chocolate from a thermos. Remus grins back as he takes the cup, because they both know Remus' greatest weakness in chocolate in any form. He takes a careful sip, closing his eyes as he lets out a pleased groan. "Is that cinnamon?" "Sure is," Sirius replies, then hands him a meat pie. "Now eat. Knowing you, you probably forgot to grab something to eat for lunch." "I might've," Remus says, taking the meat pie. "But that was only because I ate a late breakfast." "Pretend to be as grown-up and responsible as you want, we both know who turned Slughorn's robes bright yellow." "We don't, actually, since they never caught the dastardly culprit," Remus replies, and takes a bite of the meat pie. He makes a surprised noise. "Is this -?" "Rabbit? Yes," Sirius says. "Don't freak out about it, Moony, plenty of people eat stuff like deer meat and call it a delicacy. You like rabbit and you happen to be a werewolf. They're not actually related." Remus gives him a dubious look. He swallows his mouthful. "Padfoot, you know I don't like indulging… that side of me." He looks down at the bitten meat pie in his hand. Sirius isn't sure if Remus knows he has a mournful look on his face. "I know," Sirius says, lowering his voice to something approaching gentle, but still firm. "And I also know that you don't let yourself enjoy good things nearly enough. And I know that you like rabbit. And I also know that you haven't let yourself relax in a while. Let yourself enjoy this, okay?" Sirius shoves a meat pie into his mouth before he could keep going. Remus is quiet for a moment. "Sirius, what's going on?" Sirius would have enjoyed a few more minutes of eating meat pies with Remus and watching the way the sunlight caught on his hair, of cataloguing the faint whiskers of facial hair finally growing in on his face. He answers honestly, though, because he's always been as truthful as he dared with Remus even without pacts like he has with James. "Prongs and I were talking today and I realised - I realised that I'm kind of a terrible boyfriend?" he begins with. He rubs the back of his head sheepishly when Remus snorts. "You're a good friend, though," Remus replies, smiling. He finishes the meat pie in his hand, waiting for Sirius to continue. "About that," Sirius says. He scoots closer to Remus, taking his hand again. This time, instead of tugging Remus around, he just intertwines their fingers, watching the way they fit together. Remus' hands are rougher than his, his fingers a little thicker, but it's exactly what Sirius wants. "Remus, I don't - I don't do half of the things I do for you for anyone else, not even James." Remus looks over slowly, his face pinching in confusion and caution. "You don't?" Sirius nods, swallowing heavily before he gathers his Gryffindor courage. He squares his shoulders, looking Remus in the eyes. "No. Just for you. I never knew that I did, or why I did it, until today." He squeezes Remus' hand. "Remus, I - I mess up a lot, and sometimes I hurt you, but I never do that intentionally. I want you to be happy, always, because I like it when you smile and I like hearing you laugh. I learned how to be an Animagus because I didn't want you to be alone when you transformed but also because I didn't want you to be alone when you woke up." Remus blinks furiously, his eyes wet. Sirius smiles a bit, giving him a moment to collect himself before going on. "A lot of the things I do is for you. And if you don't feel the same way, that's okay too. I'll still keep doing things for you, I'll still be here." "Oh, Sirius," Remus says. "Come over you here, you dumb mutt," he tugs Sirius over, closer, until they're close enough for Remus to wrap his arms around Sirius. Sirius hugs him back tightly, blinking rapidly himself to dispel the gathering tears in his eyes, relieved. "I thought - I thought I was just reading into things," Remus says wetly. "I thought I was just projecting onto you." "You weren't," Sirius says, voice rough. "I love you." AN: lmao did you expect something cute involving rabbits? u thought Anyway, here are the flowers and their meanings in this story. Some of them were mentioned by name, but some weren't. Carnation (white) - pure love Carnation (red) - love, pride, admiration Amaryllis - worth beyond beauty Gladiolus - strength of character, honour, remembrance Iris (blue) - faith and hope Tulip - deceleration of love Roses - love Sunflower - adoration, dedicated love