and then Christmas … no, they'd move in only if they had to. 'No, I think some of us should still live in Staffordshire for the time being. It's well situated and besides if we moved in here en masse it'd draw more than enough suspicion from …' He left the sentence unfinished. Saying everyone would make him look just as paranoid as they were accusing him of. He also didn't have the energy in him to argue that a certain old man couldn't be trusted with bloody anything. His last conversation with Harry was still lingering in his brain and he wasn't going to lie, it was bugging the ever loving shit out of him. He'd been meaner to the cult members at tonight's raid than he'd needed to be. They'd just been kids after all. It was like Harry hadn't been listening to him when he explained the multiple reasons why Albus bloody Dumbledore didn't deserve to know everything they were doing. 'You know Harry's right about Dumbledore,' Remus' words were distracted but he didn't miss the edge in the werewolf's voice. 'With all the kid's going through it's a wonder he trusts anyone, and he still thinks Dumbledore is worth confiding in.' 'I'm not having this discussion again Remus,' James groaned as he fell back in his chair, hand going to his face. 'We're already half in the Order, Sirius even had to give up Grimmauld Place because no one else had anything better and …' 'And we need someone other than Aurora in the school to watch over the kids. Besides, Sirius hates that house, I doubt he cares who's using it.' Remus looked up from the books properly for the first time. 'I get why you don't want him to know everything James, I was there in the early years too. But we're at war and our biggest weapon against Voldemort right now is working with Dumbledore. You're not the only one who's tired of talking about it. You need to pull your head out of your arse. He's not done anything to show he'll fuck us over yet has he?' 'Give him time,' James said sourly. 'He's only just got the Order back together. Not to mention the Prophet and Fudge trying to discredit him, the old man's busy, he'll find time to fuck us over when he's sorted that shit out.' Remus rolled his eyes but a bit of concern trickled through. The mad old bastard was under stress from Fudge, the inept Minister of Magic wouldn't hear a word against his wealthy supporters and once Dumbledore had gone against James' advice and told everyone he could of Voldemort's return … well Albus had recently been stripped of the Chief Mugwump title, critics claiming his age was finally catching up with the old headmaster. James would be lying if the retribution wasn't just a bit sweet. But Albus Dumbledore in Azkaban for treason would be seriously costly once Voldemort started making his move. Which he hadn't done yet. Another frustrating thing for him to take in. Voldemort was either being supremely patient or his Death Eaters had gotten much better at concealing their movements in the last fourteen years. The only person who seemed to know anything was Snape, surprise surprise, and the one Order meeting Remus and Sirius had attended at the old Black house, the Potion teacher wasn't present for. If he didn't know any better he'd be beyond suspicious of Snape. But he did know better. James had been undercover before and as loathed as he was to admit it, he had to respect Snape's actions. It was fucking stupid, but he hadn't been rumbled yet and at the end of the day, there was no one other than Snape who Voldemort could hurt in punishment if the schoolteacher was caught. 'Look James,' Remus said with a heavy sigh. 'I get why you're so reluctant to trust Dumbledore, I really do. But he can at least move more freely than Amelia. Did she have anything to tell us tonight by the way?' James shook his head and sighed. 'Nah, she's just running us through drill after drill. Checking the personnel files of all the new people coming in so rigorously we probably know more about some of these kids than their mothers do. If he's putting people in the DMLE he's being really fucking clever about it.' 'Joys.' Remus popped a bookmark in the text he was reading and put it down. 'Well I best go to bed I suppose, I've got to work on a new way for us to communicate if we can't use the mirrors. I'm thinking something small and ordinary, something that wouldn't stand out as valuable if we're captured.' James nodded and stood too, knocking out the lights around the old library. More visions of time spent doing his schoolwork, Lily and him pouring over books before they'd decided to hide in Godric's Hollow … last ditch efforts in case they were found … 'James,' Remus said at his shoulder. 'Huh?' 'Come on, enough ghosts tonight, Aurora's probably still waiting up for you.' Remus clapped him on the shoulder and turned out the last light. 'Yeah,' James said absently. Trying to banish the happy smile Lily had given him when they'd figured out the ward that was meant to incinerate any intruder who crossed the threshold, but had just left their house in Godric's Hollow a ruin. 'Aurora.' He resisted the urge to run back into the library all the way up to the master bedroom door. A/N: I'm back bitches! I did say sometime in the New Year, I never specified when. So I hope you enjoyed the chapter and that this was worth the wait, I can't wait to hear what you guys think. I'm going to be trying to update on a monthly rate at least but if I can get chapters out quicker than that I will. In a bit, TUI