she'd laughed so hard that she shook the bedframe. "Too intelligent." She repeated in that drawling accent he'd never managed to imitate, that was so different from his own clipped version of English. He'd always liked the sound of it, that slow casual tone she always took that could somehow be blunt and brusque even while it wandered, "I like that, very polite." He'd blinked at her, not quite understanding just like he hadn't quite understood when their teacher had said it, because being intelligent was a good thing. He'd known that the teacher had been hesitant to say it, had meant it as something else, but those words should have been a compliment. Seeing his expression she'd explained with a bitter smile, "Too, Tom, it's the word too. He should have used 'very', 'too' means that it's in excess, like we've crossed some uncrossable line." Too, he didn't quite get it then, but a few years later and the irony of it sunk in. He and his sister were always too much of something, for normal people anyway, they were too far beyond the rest of them and that made them scared. It was why all the orphans hated them, even Lizzie who said not to look and to just ignore them and wait for them to go away. "They're children, Tom, they'll grow up and realize they have better things to do than to torment other children. Besides, it doesn't really mean anything." Lizzie would say after she'd find her school book ripped to shreds, all of her assignments and stories torn out and ruined, but her eyes would say more than she ever would. Her shoulders would hunch over her possessions and when he wasn't looking she'd hold them too close, and she'd squeeze her eyes shut, and it would look like she was fighting back tears. He'd never seen Lizzie cry, only about to cry, and every time she looked close he felt like someone was stabbing him in the chest. Tom hated church, he used to just dislike it, but now he hated it. If anyone asked him he'd have a few reasons. One was that he'd realized that God didn't exist, God was a fairytale for people who were too scared to think about dying. If there was a God then there wouldn't be orphans, he and Lizzie wouldn't be trapped with stupid Billy Stubbs and crying Amy Bishop. But they were so there couldn't be a God. So he'd stand and kneel and stand and kneel and sing hymns thinking that it was so stupid because no one up there was listening. They were singing to a ceiling and it didn't even bother to care. The other, the main reason, was that he hated the idea of Jesus. Jesus Christ, better than everyone else, the best human there ever was, for three years roamed around the countryside performing miracles, and when he'd done that they tortured and nailed him to a cross and he still forgave them because they're too stupid to do any better. He just sat there and took it and pretends it was all okay when it wasn't, when it couldn't be. Sometimes, when he saw Lizzie with her ruined books, when he saw the other girls staring at her and giggling to each other like they know some dirty secret, she reminded him of Jesus nailed up on that cross and taking it. But Tom wasn't going to let her take it, even if she thought that was what was best, because Lizzie might know everything in the world but there were some things she'd never managed to get. Billy, Amy, Dennis, the whole lot of them would never change, they'd always be dirty, stupid, ungrateful, mean, orphans and they'd never be punished like they should. There was no divine justice. The rabbit was twitching frightfully in his hand, desperately trying to hop elsewhere with its useless legs. Looking in its eye, at its constantly moving nose, at the way it jerked, Tom couldn't help but think that Billy should learn how to look like that himself. Just like that, that same paralyzed fear, erratic twitching of the limbs, knowing it was the end but trying to run just the same. It probably had some name, snowball, fluffy, whatever it was Tom hadn't been paying attention he'd just known that he'd finally had the opportunity to teach Billy Stubbs his place. To let them all know their place. Something snapped, the rage inside him, the rabbit's neck, and it was dangling limply in his hands as if it wasn't anything more than a rag doll. Then concentrating hard, pulling deep within himself, he watched as the rabbit lifted into the air as if hung from an invisible noose, its eyes watching all who passed. And Tom just grinned wildly beneath it, because surely this was a sign, he and his sister were intended for greater things than this. Author's Note: Because I have too many ideas sometimes. At any rate as you may have guessed this is essentially an SI fic but with more general weirdness and less foreknowledge about Harry Potter but more into that later as well as what's going on exactly later. More important, a note on the rating. I rarely write M'fics because it implies things that I don't necessarily write, namely graphic sex. However there are a lot of times where I'm writing something that's fairly borderline T because I want to use stronger language, push that disturbing edge a little further, and just be downright more horrifying. As I usually don't like changing ratings once I have them I'll just make this M from the start and see if it needs to be changed back to T as we go along. Because of this do expect strong language at points as well as creepiness beyond what I usually do. Graphic sex will most likely still remain absent. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter