Anyway, then I had come to James' house, and a couple of days later, we had organised for everyone to spend the last two weeks of holidays in James' home *cough*mansion*cough*. I ran down the stairs, eager to find Prongs. The Potter's head elf chef had just come to tell me that waffles were on the breakfast menu this morning, and I just had to share the joy. I jumped on James' bed. "Yo, Prongs my man! You need to get up! Heaven is calling and its name is waffles!" James turned around, facing away from the wall and shoving me away, causing me to fall off the bed. "Dude, there is a thing called a heating charm. The waffles will be there in 10 minutes." I stuck my head up in utter shock and disbelief. "It's like I don't even know you!" I gasped, with a disgusted look on my face, "no wonder Lily won't go out with you." He sat up, chucking his pillow at my head. "Padfoot, ignoring the fact that we're only twelve, that was below the belt man." I raised an eyebrow. "When has your age stopped you asking Lily out in a gross, often crude, way?" James swung his legs out of bed as he sat up, rubbing his eyes. "Thanks for the vote of confidence man. I don't know, I just think I should tone it down this year." I stared at him, thinking really hard. Then it dawned on me. "You're trying to be mature!" I said, in complete wonder. My mind was going a mile a minute at the moment. "Pfft, no I'm not. No girl is worth that!" James said, sounding totally unconvincing. "You are," I shouted. This was hilarious. I almost didn't know how to react. "So what if I am?!" James cried out, "not like it's going to work. If she's in a happy mood, we get to friends. Maybe. Otherwise she despises me." I frowned a little, before getting off the floor and sitting beside him, clapping him on the back. "Dude, listen up, because I'm only going to say this once. I can feel my man card being revoked already. You are amazing, man. Seriously, if I swung that way, you'd be second on my list, after myself. Yeah, you do need to grow up a little, but as much as I love Lilo, if she can't see that you're a good guy, then she doesn't deserve you." "I think that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me Padfoot," he said with a grin, and we embraced in a manly hug. "Boys, I know you need your sleep, but do come down and have breakfast, preferably sometime before this afternoon," Mrs Potter said as she stuck her head in the doorway, smiling as she saw us ribbing each other a little. "Sure thing Mum, if Sirius stops molesting me," James said, shoving me away. "In your dreams Prongs," I said, cracking up. James' Summer I sighed as I ate a spoonful of peanut butter, sitting down in the pantry. Everyone was at my house, there were three days until school started again, and surprisingly all my homework was done. So I was just taking a minute out to just sit and not fill the silence with noise. Just as I spooned another bite of peanut butter into my mouth, I saw the door open and a shadowy figure walk into the room. I held my breath, before I recognised how the minimal light caught the red in the person's hair, and I whispered out softly, "Lilo! Down here!" She turned, startled, but calmed when she felt out for me. I guided her over to sit beside me, before offering her the peanut butter, which she took with a laugh. "You aren't the only one," she said, holding up her own spoon, looking guilty. I grinned, even though I was sure she couldn't see it. "Peanut butter goes really well with-" "-oreos," she interrupted, looking over at me. I could see the grin on her face, as the sliver of light that came into the pantry leapt across her cheeks. "No way," I said with a laugh, "I've never met anyone else who likes oreos and peanut butter." She shrugged. "I saw a movie once, and decided to try it. How did you get onto it?" I laughed. "Dare from Sirius." She shook her head. "That doesn't surprise me at all," she said, "you know, we're pretty similar." "Both leaders," I said with a nod. "Both smart," Lily said bluntly, and I felt myself blush just a little (shut uP! I know what you're thinking). "And we both have an insane liking for peanut butter and oreos," I said, trying to regain my normal tone. She laughed, a musical sound. "Yeah. We'd be really good friends," she added, and I heard a strange lilt to her voice. "Friends?" I said hesitantly, tasting the new word. "Friends," she said with a nod, "for no at least. I'm not going to speak for myself, let's say, 4 years from now." Dude, friends for now! my brain shouted happily, so down with that! And 4 years isn't that long! OK guys, hope you enjoyed that first chapter. The POVs got progressively shorter as I went, because everyone got closer and closer to the end of summer, where they all ended up together. I think they started actually merging around Alice's POV. AOAR 2 holds many surprising and exciting plot lines. Here's a sneak peek at some of them: A group of witches come over to Hogwarts from Salem Academy, but not everything is rosy A talent show will possibly drive a wedge between certain members of our groups There is a fight between two of the groups - and true colours are shown! Oh, and just to clarify, Rose is Lily's Mum, Tanaya is Ciara's, Annabelle is Kelsey's and Beth is Alice's. Hope to hear from you guys soon!