whispered, his voice cracking slightly. "Yes, she's not been attending her classes, not eating, I don't—" Dumbledore stopped mid-sentence and looked at Severus. "It's not often that you refer to a student by their first name, Severus, let alone a Gryffindor." Severus cursed himself silently for letting her first name slip past his lips. "I—" and for once, he was at a loss for words. "Let's go to my office, shall we, Severus?" Severus nodded silently and retreated back into his chambers to put his black robes on. Damn, damn, damn it all, Merlin, he was going to be sacked, he was going to Azkaban, he was going to Hell… "I would like to think that I know you quite well, Severus. But I have a sneaky feeling that there is something you are not telling me. Do you perhaps know why Miss Granger is acting the way she is? It just doesn't seem like her." Severus put his mental blocks up as he met Dumbledore's eyes, replacing the memories of Hermione with fake ones that he concocted while he was walking to Dumbledore's office: of Severus privately tutoring Hermione, of the two of them playing Wizards Chess, but a flash of one memory—Hermione's smiling face, and her laugh—was at the forefront of his mind. Dumbledore broke Severus' gaze, and Severus could still hear her melodious laughter echo in his mind and heart. "Severus…" Dumbledore started, and Severus braced himself for what was sure to come. "Do you love her?" "Love?" Severus chuckled darkly. "I would hardly call it love. She is a brilliant young witch who has much potential. I…admire her. I just wish she would pick better friends to interact with." "And you believe you would be a better friend?" Dumbledore asked gently, and Severus bristled. "I highly doubt that." "Oh, I don't know, Severus. You have been a good friend to me. After all," and he lifted up his blackened hand as a reminder of what Severus had to do, "you have kept every promise you have made to me." Severus nodded sharply, and Dumbledore let his hand drop to his desk. "Now, get some sleep, Severus, you have classes in the morning. I have one more request of you, however." Severus looked at Dumbledore. "Yes?" "Talk to Miss Granger, will you? You two seem close, and she has seemed to detach herself everyone else. Maybe she will listen to you." Severus sighed inwardly. "Alright. Good night." "Good night, Severus," Dumbledore called after him as he rummaged for his lemon drops, and Severus could feel his gaze upon his back even after he left the office. / "Get up." Hermione groaned in her sleep, covering her head with her pillow. Suddenly the pillow was ripped off of her head, and she snapped out of her dreamless sleep, only to stare into familiar black eyes. "What—" "What do you think you're doing?" Snape said, and Hermione scowled. "None of your business what I'm doing." "Alright then. What aren't you doing?" Hermione looked up at him silently. "You aren't doing your schoolwork, you aren't attending classes, and your grades are suffering. Do you really want to give up all of your dreams, just for one fight?" "Why do you think I'm upset because of our fight?" Hermione asked, and Severus caught the single tear that dripped down her face with his finger. "Lovers sometimes fight, Hermione, but they get over it and move on." "Yes, well, I'm not very experienced in that area, am I? You are the only man I have ever been with." "Don't you blame this on me," Severus seethed, gripping one of her hands, not too roughly, but none too gently either. "You told me you wanted it." "I did," Hermione admitted. "You don't feel that way anymore?" Severus asked, and his tone was deadpan, yet she could detect a hint of desperation in his voice. She paused. "I do feel that way. Still." Severus ran his other hand up her bare thigh. She was still in her nightclothes, and if he had never before seen her naked, it would have left little to the imagination. "Good. Because I feel the same way," Severus murmured, pushing her back onto the bed, reminiscent of their previous encounters. "I've missed you." "And I, you," Hermione replied, and she pushed herself back up to look at him. "Sit down," and she patted the space next to her on the bed. Severus sat down on her bed, and Hermione shoved him down onto it roughly, falling on top of him and kissing him passionately as his arousal made itself known. "We can't do this here," he gasped as he broke away from her soft lips. "Dumbledore already suspects something is going on between us." Hermione froze, panic and fear seeping into her brain. She sat up abruptly, and he followed suit. "Dumbledore knows?" "I didn't say that," Snape hissed, "but he does know something is going on between us, whether it's sexual or not." "Oh god," Hermione whimpered, her finger reaching up to her mouth so she could gnaw on her fingernail nervously. "You have to be very careful," Severus finished, "and if you want, I can teach you Occlumency." "I know enough," Hermione mumbled around a mouthful of finger, and Severus reached up to gently remove her fingers from her mouth. "That isn't enough, Hermione. Dumbledore is an exceptional Legilimens. I'm not trying to scare you, but I don't want this—us—to end anytime soon." "Neither do I, Severus." That was the first time his first name escaped her lips; it was usually just "sir" or "professor," or Snape, in her mind. He was Severus. Her Severus. His hand clutched hers tighter, and he coaxed her down on the bed; their lips meeting along the way, moving together in perfect harmony. "Hermione," he murmured, in that silky, sinful voice. "Severus," she whispered huskily. Yes, he was her Severus, and she was his Hermione. Hadn't it always been that way?