curled into a tight ball, obviously shaking from pain. Standing above him, their wands pointed at him, were three people with dark robes and strange masks. Death eaters, Kat thought, her hair going black with fear, There are death eaters in my home. Kat did not believe she was breathing. "No," her mother whispered, tears running down her face, "Kat, run, please run baby, please." One of the concealed group looked up at her, "Ah, now you'll tell us what we want, seeing as we now have your beautiful, innocent daughter with us. Come here darling, we don't bite," a womanly voice called. When Kat made no movement, the woman growled "Immobulus." "No!" Kat felt as her body became unable to move and she became useless. She knew in that brief hesitation that she had messed up. She should have cast something as soon as she saw them but instead she had froze. And because of that, her family would die. Tears started falling down her face as she was forced to watch what happened. "Alright Wulf, unless you want to watch your daughter be tortured to death, you better start talking," the woman began speaking again, "Maybe we will let her live…if your information is good enough." "Don't you touch her you psychotic bitch!" screamed Kat's mum. She had never heard her mother curse before. "Silencio!" a male voice yelled, "You know maybe we should show the blood traitor who he is dealing with. For encouragement." "You're right," purred the woman, "We really only need one of the women." She pointed her wand at Kat's mum and happily called out, "Avada Kedavra!" "NO!" Both Kat and her dad screamed out. Devastation was on her father's face as her mother's eyes became blank and staring, her body tumbling to the floor like a doll. "Mum, no! Please no!" "Wulfric, start talking, or little miss crybaby is next." "Dad no! Whatever they want, don't do it!" Kat yelled, her blue hair mixing with red and black, "He can't win! He can't!" "Such bravery," the witch hissed, "Such stupidity. Crucio! " Kat screamed. She felt as if her entire body was being broken in half. She was being consumed by fire and she wished for death to free her. Her bladder released, soaking her underwear and running down her legs. The only thing keeping her on her feet was the spell that was keeping her from being able to move. Just as she was on the brink of unconsciousness, she felt the spell lifted. "Good choice Wulfy," crooned the witch. It hadn't mattered that her father talked because in the end he was still given the killing curse, but not before they had told him what they were going to do to his daughter. They planned to leave Kat alive, but as broken as humanly possible. It felt like it had been hours, and Kat was amazed she wasn't dead yet. They had taken everything from her and everything felt like it was bleeding. Right before she slipped completely into the peaceful silence her mind screamed one last thought, FRED! Then Kat knew no more. "Now where in the world is Wulf?" Minerva asked. They had finished dinner and Molly was having the twins clean up, again without magic. "Don't worry my dear," Albus said, "they probably just lost track of time." Severus was trying very hard to stay awake. "Could we please get this over with? Some of us have jobs to be doing." "Eager to get back to your dungeon, bat?" Black smirked. "At least I can leave my home, dog," Severus growled, "Do you enjoy being the Orders'….pet?" Black jumped up going for his wand but before he could do anything all hell broke loose. FRED! Severus flinched at the screamed name and its intensity. At the same time across the room, Fred Weasley dropped a pile of plates to the floor. "Kat!" Fred yelled, looking extremely pained. "Fred dear, are you alright?" Molly asked, worried. "Didn't you hear her? Kat screamed! We have to help her!" Fred exclaimed, while everyone else looked on in confusion. George stopped what he was doing and place his hands on his brother trying to calm the other down. So no one but Mr. Weasley and I heard her call. I wonder what that means. Severus thought to himself. "Mum, I need my wand. We need to go now! She's being hurt!" Fred cried. "Fred, honey, no one heard anything. I'm sure Kat is just…" "She's NOT fine!" Fred was frantic, starting to pull his hair, his eyes wide. He looked at Albus and Minerva, who both looked concerned, "Please help her, please! She's dying!" At this statement, everyone in the room began to get nervous. Dumbledore quickly went into general mode. "I'm sure it's nothing," trying to reassure the younger generation, "but we will go check just in case. Arthur, Remus, Tonks, and Severus come with me." "I'm coming too" Fred said. He was joined by a few "me too", "and me", and "yes" from the other Weasley children, Potter, and Granger. "No you will not!" Shrieked Molly, "If there is something wrong, you lot will not be there to get in the way!" "Mum, I have to go," Fred whispered. "We are wasting time Mr. Weasley. If Miss Dumbledore is in peril, you being quarrelsome with your mother will only quicken her demise," Severus commented, "And no," he turned to the other children in the room, "we do not require any subpar assistance from any juveniles, no matter how famous ." Leaving a group of extremely mad adolescents in the care of Molly, Severus headed to the apparition step, the other adults following. "Albus, do you really think something has happened?" Tonks questioned. For once Severus did not see the ever present twinkle in the old man's eye. Albus looked angry, worried and…scared? With a fear in his voice that Severus had not heard before, he answered with a quiet "Yes."