work just about to start, he thought, glancing at the time and realizing it was already past one in the morning, and he needed to get this over with. Beside, he couldn't take the tension anymore. He followed her through the crowd and under the second story's balconies giving view over the great hall and providing some shadow and privacy to its edges. She thought she was safe to take a breather here before going back to her friends, she jumped slightly when she turned around and he was two big strides apart from stepping on her shoes, and he sure was taking huge strides. "Greengrass", he started confidently, "I have caught your- I mean, we both know that we, uhh how to say it...", not so confident anymore, he started searching for words, "Well, you look at me and I... I look at you too, so-", "Oh Merlin, Potter, stop it, for the love of magic.", she sighed her hand on her forehead in shame, still very red skinned - Harry stopped talking. "Listen, I know I have, I know, okay... I had a dream, you see, I dreamt about you. It was stupid and it doesn't mean anything, but it's been playing with my mind ever since, so please just forget it and it'll all go away. People are looking, Potter, go away.", he had been hearing all the words she was saying, but he hadn't been listening; her lips moved with such fluidity, her pearly whites glistened so gloriously, he inhaled sharply, stepped forward, "That's it, then." he said, having made his decision, he put his hand on her waist, and went right for it. "Potter, wha-" she only had time to say in surprise before it was too late, and too late it was, dozens of people were watching what was unfolding, she was vaguely aware - eyes now closed - and her limbs had turned into soft noodles anyway, she couldn't do a thing about it. It had been pretty great, all things considered, Harry concluded as he gently pushed her back for a break. The best thing ever as far as he was concerned, Greengrass seemed to agree for anywhere between one and three seconds until she slapped him right across the face, so soundly that he actually literally lost his hearing in his left ear along with his glasses that took flight toward warmer weather. People all around winced and jeered, she was practically steaming through her nose and ears, she turned aorund and left quickly as tears made their way in Harry's eyes against his will - it stung like a firehornet - and yet, he couldn't help but smile. He couldn't be fooled, she had clung to him hungrily for as long as it lasted. "Harry James Potter!" screamed Ginny, emerging from the group of onlookers. "Are you drunk?", Harry couldn't think of anything, "Um, yeah?", and she slapped him on the very sensitive cheek, still pulsing from Greengrass's loving touch, hard enough that he almost stumbled. "How dare you? How could you?" she was crying at this point, she sobbed loudly and left, he mumbled a little nothing at her, not even sure what he was trying to say himself, and she turned about just before leaving the hall and screamed in a broken voice, "Nostro Sec Secura!" which was not the good old bat-bogey hex. Harry's hair started smoking, filling the air with a pungent odour, his eyebrows and eyelashes, shorter that his actual hair, consumed themselves and started burning his skin as their roots went into smoke as well. Things were quiet, in the hospital wing. Madam Pofmrey was slowly turning the pages of the fourth large tome in the pile next to the bed. "No...no...mmmh not quite..." she voiced in between two hums and whistle of some tune stuck in her head. "It hurts pretty bad, ma'am, you got anything for pain?", "Of course, my dear, I got just the right thing for this; an advice: don't try flying on two brooms. I cannot believe how many times I've said this." she added to herself. "I don't know what that means. Muggle uprising and such.", he tried to get some pity, "Play smart with me, will you." she snorted, slamming the tome shut. "Nothing in this one, maybe we're better off asking the girl herself." she picked another and started flipping the pages. Several books later, she harrumphed. "I suppose this is good enough." she taped the current book in her hand and nodded. Minutes later, she wiggled her wand at him, spat a weird incantation and managed to stop the burning of his scalp, now totally bald. "So you found it, uh?", she shook her head, "No, I cast another hex on you, one to stop natural hair growth entirely. I suppose the original hex died out without hair to consume.", "Mmmh" answered Harry, "What do we do about my hair then?" The nurse stretched her limbs and yawned wide. "I am in pieces, Mr. Potter, drank too much punch I reckon. You still have a hex on you so don't move an inch, I'll clear that up tomorrow. Have a good night.", "Wait a second, my hair! What about my hair?.", "What about it?", "I can't go to classes like this!", she observed him blankly, but he could detect a hint of amusement behind, "Of course you can. Perhaps, there is a lesson to be learned here, but what do I know? Good night." she said cheerfully and left. Harry stared at the blank ceiling and sighed. It had been well worth it. He swallowed his daily dose of soul rest draught and closed his eyes, revisiting Greengrass in his memories until artificial slumber took over. That's it for now. Thanks for reading and review if you can. In this footer, I will put random facts about feet: In average, a human's feet is 8% bigger in the evening that it was in the morning.