: anyway obviously youre asleep and that in no way alters the number of messages im going to send u Lily Evans : i love u remus, ur a great friend and person and :))))) im so proud of u always Lily Evans : expect a birthday post from me 2night at some point . Remus Lupin to Lily Evans : wth? evans? Remus Lupin : Was that your idea? Getting everyone to sing? Lily Evans : :) Lily Evans : hbd remus love u . James Potter to Lily Evans : sit by me at dinner 2nite Lily Evans : what if i dont want 2 James Potter : :-( Lily Evans : jk i will Lily Evans : :) . Marlene McKinnon to saturdays are noT JUST FOR THE BOYS : Can you believe it's already closing weekend? Lily Evans : shhhh Lily Evans : its not Emmeline Vance : ah, the stage of denial Marlene McKinnon : I have to say, this show is one I'll never forget. Really Marlene McKinnon : Might be my favourite Lily Evans : definitely. mine too, i think Lily Evans : do u guys wanna go somewhere else after the show? just us? Emmeline Vance : sure :) Dorcas Meadowes sent a thumbs-up. Alice Fortescue : I have to pass. I'm going out with Frank Lily Evans : no worries! Mary Macdonald : yes! . James Potter to Lily Evans : sit next to me again? Lily Evans : actually im not going to dinner Lily Evans : the girls and i are doing something instead James Potter : oh, cool James Potter : tell them i said hi . Marlene McKinnon to saturdays are noT JUST FOR THE BOYS : no boys allowed at our girls dinner, lily Lily Evans : pleeeeeease tho Marlene McKinnon created a group poll : Boys at Girls dinner? with 2 options . Dorcas Meadowes voted no for Boys at Girls dinner?. Emmeline Vance voted sure for Boys at Girls dinner?. Lily Evans voted sure for Boys at Girls dinner?. Marlene McKinnon voted no for Boys at Girls dinner?. Mary Macdonald voted no for Boys at Girls dinner?. Lily Evans : traitors Lily Evans : ok i c why ur saying no i dont blame u but still Lily Evans : can alice vote Marlene McKinnon : Alice isn't coming to dinner Marlene McKinnon : So, no Lily Evans : sigh fine . Lily Evans to the little mermaid cast/crew : thank u guys for an amazing show! cant believe tonight is already closing night, its absolutely crazy Lily Evans : all of u r incredibly talented and this show wouldnt be as amazing as it is if it werent for every single 1 of u Emmeline Vance : love u lils James Potter : hey guys, my mum said that any and all of you are invited to my place after the last show for a show party! i'll send my address. there will be food and music and just a really nice sendoff for this show James Potter to super mario bros : im gonna tell lily how i feel about her at the party Sirius Black : Finally Remus Lupin : Seconded. Finally! Peter Pettigrew : nice! dont choke, mate James Potter : thanks pete . James Potter to Sirius Black : why are we friends with pete still Sirius Black : ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ . James Potter to the little mermaid cast/crew : hope to see you guys at my place! . James Potter to Lily Evans : where are you? Lily Evans : i dont think i can make it. my mom wants to go out to dinner and idk how late we'll be eating til James Potter : shit James Potter : i wanted to talk to you Lily Evans : i mean i can still text James Potter : its not really a text conversation, i dont think Lily Evans : ? Lily Evans : is it serious? James Potter : er, kinda Lily Evans : bad? James Potter : depends Lily Evans : on? James Potter : you Lily Evans : oh . James Potter to Lily Evans : oh fuck it James Potter : i really like you James Potter : and idk if you feel it too but i've liked you for a while and i didn't want to say anything before the show because i didn't want things to be awkward if you rejected me but James Potter : i was wondering if you'd like to go out sometime James Potter : with me. like on a date Lily Evans : uh Lily Evans : im in ur living room. James Potter : motherfucking James Potter : ofc James Potter : be right down . Remus Lupin to Sirius Black : I didn't mean to leave so quickly but my mum's ill I guess and my dad came to pick me up Sirius Black : Don't worry about it. I hope she feels better Sirius Black : I had a really great time tonight Remus Lupin : Yeah, me too Remus Lupin : And thanks Remus Lupin : Are you free after strike tomorrow? Sirius Black : Yep Remus Lupin : Great, I'll take you on a date Sirius Black : Okay :) . James Potter to super mario bros : LILY EVANS AND I ARE DATING . Lily Evans to saturdays are noT JUST FOR THE BOYS : so Lily Evans : james and i are dating . Marlene McKinnon to operation secret relationship 2.0 : So now that James and Lily are dating can we get rid of this group chat? Sirius Black : Definitely :) Marlene McKinnon : Great Marlene McKinnon left the chat. Remus Lupin left the chat. Sirius Black left the chat. Mary Macdonald left the chat. Emmeline Vance left the chat. Dorcas Meadowes left the chat. Peter Pettigrew left the chat. don't forget to leave a review & favorite/follow ;)