away from her and lay uneasily back against the sofa with Jen sobbing wholeheartedly into his chest. It took an hour for her to fall asleep and another ten minutes for Remus to remove her delicately from his lap and back down to rest with a cushion propped underneath her head in place of his legs. He had finished washing up her glass and his mug and was about to leave when the door of the flat opened and a woman of about the same age as Jen walked in. At first she seemed only to see her friend and walking across the length of the flat she took off her coat and wrapped it cosily across her shoulders. "Lay off the booze Podge," she chuckled and then turned to face Remus who was fetching his coat from where he'd taken it off to wash up. "And who are you?" Remus stared back at her. For a moment he was too shocked to say anything until a snore from Jen prompted him. "I'm a friend, of Jennifer's. I helped her to remove some things from her office today." He stated carefully, already aware that she hadn't recognised him. "Are you a friend?" She smiled wickedly, "or an unsuspecting victim?" She laughed and her expression changed into something softer. Remus continued to look at her. "Your face!" She pulled her dark curls back into a loose bun and then walked over to the kitchen to join him. "And bless you, you even washed up." This statement did nothing to change his look of surprise. Effie decided to explain, "it's just… Jen! She does this to men like you all the time." "Men like me?" Trying not to feel too offended Remus took off the marigold gloves he had borrowed to do the washing up with and hung them back over the tap. "There is a type of-" she cut off talking when she saw the change in his expression. "Never mind. What happened today anyway? You said that you helped her to remove some things from her office?" "Jennifer was fired today. It seems that her bosses no longer think that she is of the appropriate age range for the job of teenage advice columnist.." Remus spoke curtly, unsure what to say under such circumstances. The woman who stood in front of him now had been missing and feared dead for almost fifteen years. He had known her since her first year of Hogwarts and although he had known her brother better it now seemed as though she didn't recognise him. Effie made a face and looked in the direction of the snores coming from underneath her coat, "that must have hit her hard." She placed a newspaper from her bag onto the breakfast bar and moved over to the fridge to help herself to orange juice. "Well thank you for your time Mr… sorry what was your name again?" "Lupin," Remus replied and leaned over the bar to frown at the front page of the muggle newspaper. Sirius Black still at large: read the headline. "Is everything alright?" Effie looked at him strangely, the majority of her friend's conquests seemed only too eager to leave the flat when she entered: this one was hovering. Remus held up the paper, "do you know this man?" She looked briefly at the headline and then over the picture, drawing in the profile of a gaunt man with dark wiry hair. An escaped prisoner. A madman. Her mouth parted and she frowned as she read the headline. Remus searched for some sign of recognition, thinking he saw something reveal itself in her expression. It turned out to be sympathy. "He's got sad eyes," she commented before shrugging Remus off, "but I took it for the crosswords, here take the copy if you like I can get another." "I think I might," Remus took the paper and continued to stare at her. The stranger in her kitchen had turned very grave all of a sudden and it was making her feel uncomfortable. There was something about the way he stood staring at her, holding onto the paper that was giving her a headache and she was starting to feel ill. An all too familiar dizziness started to overcome her. For a moment, when she blinked and looked at him, she thought she could see two people. She took a breath and dug her nails into her palms to check herself. Her life now was settled. The return of this feeling was mad. It was just all madness really. She ran a hand through her hair and fiddled with the bun for a moment while she tried to think of something to say. Thinking of anything proved difficult. Her head was thrumming. Eventually she asked, "is there anything else that I can help you with?" and hoped that he would take the hint. "No." Her relief was palpable. Remus looked down at the paper and tapped it in her direction as a gesture of farewell, "thank you for your time." "And you for yours," Effie said unwittingly. She watched him take one last lingering look around the flat and then back towards her. He nodded his head in parting and then closed the door as softly as if he were leaving a crime scene. She dismissed that thought. It was the beige trench coat that made him look like a detective. He was more than likely some half drunk, miserably married, prematurely aging and ailing, down on his luck solicitor: those were all Jen's sort. Still, there had been something about him that felt familiar and for a reason unknown that made her feel uncomfortable. Even a little guilty. Though she should have been glad of the connection, she hoped that would be the last they were to hear from him. Her friend snored. Effie looked at her painfully, "you sure do know how to pick 'em Podge." Jennifer rolled over in her sleep and grunted.