that she would demand the muggle to be punished then cleanse her daughter of their muggle disease as she was fond of calling it. "Are you sure you're alright?" Newt asked. "I'm fine." Phoenix said then looked back to Newt. "But, Newt, I think—!" Before she could finish that woman from the Second Salmers spoke up directly to them. "You," She began pointing directly at them. Phoenix held back a frown because all manner of eyes moved to them. That woman's gaze bothering her most. "Friends," She said continued. "What drew you to our meeting today?" "Oh, we were just passing." Newt explained with his lips turning up partially. He was obviously uncomfortable with all the attention on the pair of them, and for once, Phoenix didn't feel completely at ease either. Most of the time stares didn't bother her since she often got them for being part of the Black Family. However, this time was different than all those others. "Are perhaps either of you seekers?" She asked. "Seekers after truth." "I'm more of chaser really." Newt said. Phoenix didn't reply as she hoped the woman would just leave them be. The woman looked to the pair before looking back to the ground. "Hear my words and heed my warning, and laugh if you dare." She said. "Witches live among us. We have to fight together for the sake of our children. For the sake of tomorrow!" Her eyes returned Newt since he was the only one responding to her questions. "What do you say to that, friend?" She asked. Newt was silent since he wasn't sure what to say to any of that. However, didn't seem as if he needed to reply since Phoenix nudged him with her elbow. He looked down at her, and she nodded towards the steps of the bank. His brows furrowed in confusion before following her line of sight just in time to see a certain thieving Niffler nabbing some man's hat that was filled with coins. He then looked to his case wondering when the little troublemaker got out. When he looked back Greedy was pocketing the coins into his pouch. The creature looked to his two caretakers before making a dash for inside the bank. "Oh bugger." Phoenix said under her breath before hurrying up the steps. "Excuse us." She went up the steps with Newt right at her heels as they hurried after Greedy. While Newt paused to look around the columns for Greedy, Phoenix continued on into the bank. She glanced around wondering where the little beast could have run off to. "Greedy, now isn't the time for one of your escape acts." She said to herself. "Any sign of him?" Newt asked joining her. She shook her head as she looked around at people's feet to see if Greedy was scurrying around them. Newt looked a bit higher, and their searching behavior caught the attention of one of the employees. "Can I help you, sir, ma'am?" He asked looking between the two. "No, we were just…we were just…waiting." Newt said gesturing over to the benches. He couldn't meet the man's eyes as he lied though he said no more as he guided Phoenix by the arm towards the bench. "You need to learn to lie better or leave the lying to me." She whispered to him once they were out of earshot. "Sorry." Newt said then sat down on the bench with Phoenix sitting between him and the man who knocked over Phoenix. Though the two weren't really paying attention to him as they continued looking around. Phoenix was worried about Greedy since he could easily get squashed under all the feet moving around. However, Newt was more worried about what the pest could get his paws on. He couldn't even remember all the times he's had to dump Greedy's pouch out to return what he had stolen. "Hi." Their bench companion said. "Hello," Phoenix said to be polite though her eyes were elsewhere looking for any sign of black fur. If they didn't find him fast there's no telling what they might find buried in his pouch this time. Once Phoenix pulled out the Queen's tiara from his pouch, and she had no idea when he had even got close to the muggle's queen. "What brings you here?" He asked them. "Same as you." Newt replied without thinking. Phoenix gave him a look, which had him wincing since he had forgotten to leave the lying to her. "You're here to get a loan to open up a bakery?" Their bench neighbor asked. "Yes." Newt said unsure what else to say. "What are the odds of that?" The muggle asked looking bewildered. Newt didn't reply as he leaned back in his seat to look around. That's when he caught sight of Greedy taking something shiny off the end of some woman's shoe. "Well, may the best man win, I guess." The muggle said while holding out his hand. "Excuse me," Newt said not even hearing what he said to go after Greedy. The muggle blinked in confusion before looking to Phoenix who gave him a charming smile. "Please, forgive him." She said as she shook his hand. "He's never been good with people. Now, please, have a lovely day." She got up while quickly going after Newt leaving the muggle sitting there wondering what was going on. He then noticed a shiny egg twitching beside him, and he looked at it in confusion. "Hey, mister, lady!" He called out as he picked up the egg. "Hey!" Neither heard him as they continued looking for Greedy. The two got separated in the crowd, and Phoenix froze when feeling as if something was off. She started patting down her pockets while realizing she was missing a certain egg that she had been keeping warm in her pocket, so the soon to be hatchling could hatch without a problem. "Oh, for Merlin's sake!" She cursed wondering what else could go wrong.