anyone like this. He had always been so enthusiastic about the silly things they would do. "Excuse me?" Lily tried her best not to sound too offended. "It was your idea to make a secret handshake, remember?" Lily grumbled as her hand returned to her side. Scorpius just looked at her in silence. "I guess I just grew out of it while you were away," he replied coolly. Lily felt a wave of betrayal sweep over her. How could he be saying this? "Anyway, we are both very tired and have so much to do in preparation…" Scorpius started to say. "Dad said I am helping out with the preparation for the party too," Lily interjected. "Lily, you really don't —" Albus started. "No, this is a celebration regarding our Dad so you have to let me help if I want to," Lily insisted stubbornly. She was not going to let the two get away with it this easily. They were acting far too strange for her to just turn a blind eye. "Lily," Albus huffed, as he seemed to look around for an excuse as if it would just appear on the wall. Lily pulled out her final trump card, one she didn't really like using on Albus and had not had to use in ages. "I will tell Mum and Dad if you don't let me help you," she gumbled. She knew Albus still hated dealing with Dad, despite them being on better terms. Scorpius shot Albus a worried glance. Albus shifted uncomfortably, as if he had no clue how to handle the current situation. Lily lifted an eyebrow yet again, challenging them to oppose her. "Fine," Scorpius sighed, as if it were his decision to make. Lily found it very strange how much talking Scorpius was doing. Normally Scorpius was easy to get along with. "Yeah, I guess you have the right to help," Albus nodded, and looked to Scorpius for confirmation. "When will we meet tomorrow to get started?" Lily asked, unable to hide her smile. "How about after dinner before we have to go back to our common rooms. That's when we have been getting together to prepare," Scorpius replied. It was obvious Scorpius was not thrilled to be including Lily. It hurt her to see this. She was almost certain Scorpius liked her. "Okay. Where should we meet?" Lily inquired, trying to ignore Scorpius's less than inviting attitude. "The library," Scorpius said curtly. Lily looked to Albus to see if he had anything to say. He looked back at her as if nothing odd was happening at the moment. "Anyway," Scorpius hummed as he looped his arm through Albus's and rested his head on Albus's shoulder. "We are very tired and in need of some rest." He looked at Lily with very calculating gray eyes. Lily choked on whatever she was going to say at the sight of this. She always had the inkling that her brother and Scorpius were much closer than your average best friends, but something about what she was seeing now rubbed her the wrong way. "Goodnight, Lily," Albus smiled. It was almost like he did not notice Scorpius hanging off of him. "Um… Yeah see you tomorrow," Lily murmured. She was still too stunned to react. With that, Scorpius led Albus down the hall and around the corner. Lily stood silently in the hallway, watching where she had just seen Scorpius and Albus disappear. "What the…" she mumbled under her breath as she turned and headed to the Great Hall. Lily walked in a daze as her mind went over the conversation she just had. She entered the Great Hall and took a seat at the Gryffindor table and began to mindlessly munch on some chicken. She did not talk to anyone as she ate. It wasn't until she was halfway done with her meal that she realized the two had gone to bed without dinner. ….. Lily was now lying in bed, looking up through the dark at the roof of her four poster bed. She had gotten over the initial shock and was now dowsed in frustration. What had gotten into the two of them? Scorpius was far too snarky and Albus barely said a word. Something had happened to those two. They were not acting normal in the least. Perhaps it was just exhaustion causing them to act this way. Lily took a deep breath and released it slowly to help calm herself. Yes, she was overreacting. Tomorrow the two will definitely be back to normal, especially now that she was here to help with the preparations for the ball and could take some of the stress of their shoulders. With that, Lily rolled over and slowly drifted off to sleep. …. So that is chapter one. I hope you enjoyed reading it. I wonder what is going with Albus and Scorpius? Maybe we will find out in the next chapter! Or maybe Lily will wake up and this has all been a dream and she is not really at Hogwarts but a pokemon trainer on her way to become a pokemon master! There is only one way to find out! Also I would like to thank my beta reader Teenage Mouse once more. She really, really, really, really helped me out with reviewing this fic and encouraging me to write it. If you all have a chance please check out her work as well. I plan to update this fic about once a week. Most of the fic has been written and is currently in the middle of being edited so I think I should be able to keep a consistent schedule. This fic will have about 6 chapters all together. Expect the chapters to be posted on weekends. I really hope you enjoyed reading and please leave a review to let me know what you think. I love hearing what my readers think of the stories I write, both the good and the bad.