think her heart could handle that but after what she said he had every right to send her away. She didn't want to cry she hated crying. It made her feel weak and defenceless but she couldn't stop herself. She changed into normal clothing and lied on her bed grudgingly allowing herself a few moments of weakness. It could have been three minutes or it could have been hours but eventually she stopped crying and not long after Harry stepped in unannounced. It seemed that knocking was not a thing for them. Ginny looked up at him her eyes and nose were rosy and the rest of her face was pale and blotchy. Harry didn't look angry with her he didn't even look sad. Instead he wore a look of understanding. "You didn't mean that, any of it," he stated. "No," Ginny shook her head "I'm so sorry," Harry sat next to her on the bed and warped an arm around her shoulders. He kissed her cheek and she laid her head on his shoulder. She was so relieved that he had forgiven her she knew she didn't deserve it. "You don't have to apologize to me, I know you better than to think you meant what you said. Your Mum is who you need to apologize to." Harry whispered. "I know. Did she say anything to you after I stormed off. Was she mad at you?" Ginny asked, guilt lacing her words. "No, she's not angry with me and she's not angry at you about us. About what you said to her yes she was a little upset about that. She was more disappointed than anything. She's waiting down stairs for you she just wants to have a civil conversation. We talked a little but I want you to talk to her about it not me." Harry explained. Ginny nodded. She looked into his eyes and leaned in to kiss him softly "I love you so much." "I love you too," Harry replied and the emotion in his eyes showed it more than the spoken words. They kissed once more then headed down the stairs together. Her mother was sitting in an arm chair with a very neutral look on her features. Knitting needles clicked suspended in mid-air a sock slowly emerging from them. Harry stroked Ginny's back encouragingly then whispered in her ear "I'll be upstairs, I don't want to intrude." She glanced back at him longing for him to stay but she knew this was a conversation she needed to have with the mother alone. She made eye contact with her mother. Although she did not look at her with anger the knowledge of what had been said made Ginny feel very ashamed to look at her directly. "Don't look so scared Love, sit down," there was a strict motherly air to her voice, Soft but reprimanding. Ginny took a seat on the floor in front of the arm chair as the knitting stored itself away "I'm really sorry, I didn't mean those awful things I said." "Yes you did, I know that the malice behind them wasn't true and you didn't want the words to be painful. But you do believe everything you said. I know how hard it is on all of you it wasn't fair on you to have so many siblings and improper financial means-" "That doesn't matter Mum you've always gone above and beyond to make life the best it can for all of us, I know that," Ginny interrupted, she didn't want to make her mother feel inadequate. "I know you do but please don't interrupt me. I know that you feel over sheltered and your father and I do cling to you a little more than we do with your brothers, I'll admit that. I never meant for you to feel smothered or forced but that's just my way of protecting you. However the fact that I understand your feelings doesn't make it okay for you to lash out like that." her mother stated calmly but sternly. "I know, It'll never happen again I promise," Ginny replied a sheepish feeling creeping over her. "Yes it will, you have my temper and are just as stubborn as your father, but I forgive you. I will always forgive you because I love you and nothing you could say or do could make me stop loving you." Molly told her and just as she finished the sentence she found her daughters arms around her. She laughed and reciprocated the embrace. As they pulled away she sighed "I'm coming to realize that you are no longer a little girl and that I'm going to have to let you go soon. I realize I may have been too strict with the restrictions on your relationship with Harry. I can see how much you love each other and I know Harry would never hurt you. As long as you don't intentionally go behind my back again I am willing to lift some of the restraint." "Really?" Ginny asked hopefully. "Yes, but I still don't want you spending the night together. I'm also beginning to understand that if you want to be intimate I won't be able to stop you but please just be careful." Her mother pleaded with her. "Of course I will, I am," Ginny replied. She was tempted to argue about spending the night with Harry but she decided to take what she could get. "What are you still standing there for? Isn't he waiting for you?" her mother questioned with a smile. Ginny grinned and hugged her once more "Thank you," "You're welcome!" Molly called as her daughter's flying red hair disappeared up the stairs. Upstairs Harry was taken by surprise as the door flew open and Ginny practically threw herself at him. Their lips met in gentle passion and they knew everything was going to be just fine. Fine, that was, until Ginny brought up the topic of moving out with Harry…