powerful golden glare. Her tabby cat-human avatar felt drawn to this new strand. She reached out and placed her hand on the strand. She was inundated with unfamiliar images. Images of possible rape, sexual assault, and abuse to a frightened young boy were the first she saw. She couldn't make out the identity the little boy. She wanted to run as far away from those images as she could. The words boy and freak were repeated again and again to almost deafening levels. Minerva realized that these sounds and images were a mere distraction of a natural occlumens. She dove deeper into herself to follow a faint trace of magic. This trace led her past the mental traps. The next images she saw were of herself teaching in her classroom clad only in her favorite bra and panties. She felt like she was meant to see this image but the question became why. She was baffled as to the dream's motive until she was hit by an overwhelming wave of lust and desire. It was by chance she looked down she realized she was no longer her normal cat hybrid self. She was sporting chiseled abs and legs with a large thick erection nestled in a midnight black bush of hair. Somehow, she stumbled upon one of Harry's secret fantasies. "Mister Potter, I can't understand why you find yourself in another detention. Your knowledge and skill for my subject is right up there with Miss Granger's. Yet I repeatedly have to assign you detentions for your mischievous attitude. I hope you are not trying follow in your father's footsteps." The Dream McGonagall said. Harry almost had her speech pattern and mannerisms down perfect. She was surprised how much Harry must have been studying her. Though never in a thousand years would she ever seduce a student during a detention. Harry could be the only exception to her strict rules. She was brought back from her thoughts when the Dream Harry began to speak. "Mistress Minnie, I don't know how my father ever seduced you to get out of getting a month's worth of detentions. But I know you have figured out my little ruse. I am intentionally getting in to trouble but only with you. I know there is something between us. I have felt it too. We are both guilty of not so subtle glances. I'm pretty sure Hermione is the only other person who notices my rather growing crush." Dream Harry said as he stood up from his seat. He waved his hand in front of Dream Minerva and what was left of her clothes were banished away. He was within five feet of her as he pulled her in for a long lustful snog. Minerva saw her image falling for Harry's charm and skill. This fantasy was starting to feel more like a reality that hadn't occurred yet. After coming back up for "Now, I have been doing my own research. You have placed the strongest silencing, security and notice-me-not charms around your living spaces but witches and wizards seem to always forget about their windows. One night during the Tri-Wizard Tournament, I snuck out of Gryffindor Tower for a midnight broom ride to clear my stressed mind. I had a crush on you then and looked up to see there was a light on coming from your window. As soon as I was within twenty feet of your window, I heard loud moaning, panting, a few meows, and surprisingly my name coming from your open window." Dream Harry said as one hand fondled Dream Minnie's large breast. Minerva couldn't believe what she was hearing. Nobody was ever supposed to know about what she did when she retreated for the evening. She could guess what Dream Harry was going to tell her next. She reasoned that he would either be interested or freaked about what he saw next. "Now Mistress Minnie, I want you to let out your true self. I happen to find your true form very attractive. The one I saw that night on my broomstick. I know there is a rather interesting story behind your true form but you don't have to tell me tonight." Dream Harry said with a comforting tone. He then landed a sweet kiss upon Minnie's lips. Minerva finally released her grasp on this new thread. It took her a few moments to focus again on her own magic. She took a deep breath exited her meditative state. She absentmindedly ran her hand over her full bush and discovered it was quite damp. Her bedroom carried the heady scent of her arousal. She needed release and she needed it soon. She couldn't help herself as she made her way to the bathroom. She could still hear the shower running. She didn't know how long Harry normally took to shower. She thought most males would be done by the half hour mark. The steam escaped from the bathroom as she pushed open the door. Her large shower stall had no door to it. She was surprised to see a beautiful and very nude Harry in the corner of her shower in the fetal position, weeping. He kept repeating "Someone's in my head again." Minerva withdrew her wand out of the holder she always kept strapped to her left leg. She casted a light sleeping charm, a levitation charm and a locomotor charm on Harry's sleeping body. She directed Harry's floating body out of the bathroom. She sighed at his constant torment. She lowered him gently on to the bed and tucked him in. Hopefully, he would wake soon. This was going to take a lot longer than she originally estimated. She called upon her cat patronus with a message for Filius, Pomona, and Poppy to come to her office in fifteen minutes. She then summoned her normal robe out of her closet. She felt no need to put on anything else. She didn't think this latest meeting would take that long.