nice. A lot of busy work but I think we are making headway. With Shacklebolt as Minister things are really starting to progress. Also I have you to thank for a lot of my work getting through as quickly as it has." The blonde eyes widened, ever so slightly, before returning back to their soft, dreamy state. "What do you mean by that Hermione?" She asked, curious about how she could have impacted anything at the Ministry while being gone for the better part of four years. Taking a drink of her wine, Hermione smiled and gently exhaled. "The work that Rolf and yourself were publishing really showed the wizarding world a different side of these magical creatures and beings. Many of them had their ratings dropped so that they weren't as widely feared or regulated. They have you two to thank for that." Luna looked thoughtful for several moments, her gaze turning to the nearly empty bottle in her hand. "Well it was very enjoyable. I am very happy that some good came from it." Hermione could almost sense something distant in Luna. Before she could say anything else, Harry and Ron returned with fresh drinks. For the rest of the evening the four conversed amongst one another. They spent time talking about some of Luna's adventures as well as some of the training that Harry and Ron had been doing lately. Ron even took the opportunity to invite Luna to watch his next game as his special guest. Hermione rolled her eyes at this. He was persistent if he was nothing else. As the night grew old the tavern started to empty out and Hermione looked at her watch, trying to hold back a yawn. It was nearly one in the morning. "I hate to run but I am going to try to get some work done at home in the morning." Hermione stated as she started to gather her things. The boys rolled their eyes and mumbled something about 'typical Hermione' before getting up to give her boys a tight hug. "Same time next week…but I'll actually be on time." She chuckled softly. Luna stood as well, picking her bag up off the bench. "I should get back to Hogwarts. Headmistress McGonagall wants to speak to me tomorrow about a few things." The blonde stretched towards the ceiling, her back popping a few times from sitting so long. The two women walked out of the Three Broomsticks and started to walk towards the apparition point. They walked in comfortable silence before Hermione let out a long breath she had been holding. "It was nice seeing you tonight. I'm glad you made it back from your travels safely." Luna looked forward still but smiled dreamily, almost skipping as she walked. "It was lovely to see Harry, Ronald, and yourself as well. It is nice to be back." She said in her sweet voice. "If you're not too busy planning for the upcoming school year, I would love to talk to you more in depth about your exploits and the creatures you came in contact with." Hermione was hopeful that Luna would grant her an audience to hear about exploration. It seemed like she got some really amazing information on the creatures she has been studying. The encounters had to be a fantastic experience. "As long as the Nargles don't steal my journals I would be happy to Hermione." The blonde smiled to the slightly taller witch as they reached their destination. "Good luck on your work tomorrow. If I can be of any assistance please let me know." It hit Hermione just then that she actually did require Luna's help. She had been so wrapped up in seeing her friend and spending time with the boys that she almost forgot. "Actually I do need some help! If you're free at all this weekend I could really use your help trying to track some creature activity around Hogwarts. I went to Hagrid but he told me that he wasn't much help and that I should ask you." Luna looked distant for a moment, like she was staring off into another galaxy. She seemed to come back just as quickly as she left. "Yes. I can do that. I will owl you after I meet with Headmistress McGonagall to give you a time estimate." Hermione smiled and clapped her hands together like a young school girl showing her excitement. "This is fantastic. Thank you so much Luna!" Reaching out, she wrapped her arms around Luna and pulled her into a tight embrace. For a split second she felt Luna tense before returning the hug, wrapping her arms around the brunette's neck. "It is no trouble at all. I am happy to help." Giving Hermione one last soft smile, she bid her a good evening and apparated back to Hogwarts. Grinning from ear to ear, Hermione disappeared with a pop and reappeared in her flat. Hopefully these laws would get passed quicker than she thought. With Luna's help and her research they would have to be fools to ignore the facts. Hermione wandered to her bedroom and stripped her work clothes off easily, sliding on some comfortable flannel pajama pants and a cotton tank top before brushing her teeth and heading to bed. She thought briefly about grabbing the novel on her bedside table and reading a chapter or two but her eyes slowly closed before she could consider the thought more. Maybe she was getting to old for staying up this late. The thought stopped there as she fell into an easy sleep. Author's Note: Welp that's the first chapter. Nothing too exciting, just getting some basics out of the way. I don't have a Beta and haven't written anything in about a literal Dumbledore's age so forgive my typos and things you may find wrong (I also suffer from dyslexia, I apologize lol). Let me know what you think and I'll hopefully have more for you guys soon :)