hanging around in the middle of the office for now, just to make sure the Boggart will be sated and manageable tomorrow. He's busy preparing an elaborate cup of tea when there's a brisk knock on the door. Of course. The full moon is in two days, and the Boggart is not the only one who has picked up on it. "Come in," he says without looking. "Cup of tea? Kettle's just boiled." "The moon?" says an unpleasant voice, and Severus Snape emerges from the shadows, a smoking goblet in his hands. "How have you not, after all these years, become used to it?" Of course Snape would recognise a Boggart at once, even one as oddly shaped as this one. Remus has forgotten how smart this man is. How perceptive. "I'm still calibrating," Remus says. He turns, accepting the Wolfsbane potion from Snape with a courteous smile. It smells horrible. "Pity," Snape says. "I was keen to know what monsters were scared of." "Other monsters, of course," Remus says. His teenage years have left him with an acute sense of how to get under Severus Snape's skin, and ignoring the man's insults is one of them. "There's no good reason to 'calibrate' a Boggart," sneers Snape, trying a different angle. "Surprise is part of the charm." Of course Snape would be a fan of Boggarts. Remus feels it's going to be a long year. At the sound of Snape's voice, the Boggart has turned its attention towards him. There is some added tension in the room as it's scanning Snape – so much gloom in that man, Remus thinks. He has got to admit he is a bit curious. But the Boggart spins and flickers without settling on a form. Snape, the Occlumens, watches it, a thin smile of superiority on his sallow face. Remus takes this moment to banish the Boggart with a flick of his wand. The cabinet doors snap shut, and he puts a silencing spell on it for good measure. Can't have it listening in. That thing is way too clever. "There is one good reason," Remus says. "A Boggart can't help its nature. It is fundamentally cruel." "And?" "And I'm going to set it on the third years." There is a pause in which Snape ponders the locked cabinet, which is rattling in silence. "I can't say I see anything wrong with that," he says. Oh lord, grant him patience. "Some thirteen year olds are scared of spiders, or birds," Remus says, in the tone he used to talk James and Sirius out of their more insane ideas. "Other thirteen year olds are scared of far, far worse things. I'm not having this thing turn into someone's bully, or a dying parent, or a child molester." He pauses. "Not to give you ideas for when you eventually do get my job." Snape doesn't react to that last part. "Or the Dark Lord?" "Or that, yes." Remus makes a mental note that he really has to do something about Harry Potter. That fear, he imagines, must shine bright and pure. No calibration in the world is going to make that Boggart ignore it. "How did you do it?" asks Snape. He sounds intrigued, despite himself. Well, Remus is not going to just ignore an attempt at normal conversation. "I let it try out a few different forms," he says. "I rewarded what I thought was classroom-appropriate, and I mocked what I thought wasn't." At least, that had been the idea. "Oddly, it seems to have picked up a slight tendency for metaphors." "Rewarded it with –" "Fear, yes," Remus says. "We have far more control over our emotions than we think." Unless, as it turns out, when it comes to Sirius Black. "But you would know all about that," he adds. "How would you have done it?" "I wouldn't, of course," Snape says dismissively. "The children will encounter Dark Magic in their lives, and it is not going to be, how did you phrase it, classroom-appropriate ." "Children don't generally learn well when they're paralysed with fear," Remus says. "Not all of them, no," Snape says. He regards Remus for a moment. "You're taking this whole teaching thing more seriously than I thought you would," he says. "I take everything seriously," Remus says, again glossing over the provocation. For now. "Why did you not expect this?" "I rather thought," Snape says, "that you are here because this is where Black is going to go." Remus takes a politely puzzled sip of what turns out to be the potion, grimaces, then swaps it out for his tea. "I am here because Albus asked me to," he says. "And did he ask you before or after Black escaped?" Remus has a feeling he knows where this is going. "After," he states calmly. "I might have been asked to keep an eye on the boy… but that's no secret, isn't it? I'm sure Albus told you." "Funny," Snape says, in that low, menacing tone. "I rather thought that you are here so Albus could keep an eye on you ." "Did you." Remus closes his eyes just for one moment. Of all the people to not have killed in his fifth year, could it have been anybody else ? "Thank you for the potion, Severus," he says. "I appreciate it. I'm sure you had a long day." "Indeed I had. I'll best leave you to your… lesson planning," Snape says with all the politeness the man is capable of. Just testing the waters, then. Well. When Snape has left the premises, Remus breathes a sigh of relief. He briefly lifts the silencing charm off the cabinet, knocks on it three times, and says: "Remember what I said about not turning into real people?" He glances towards the door, but Snape has long since stalked off. He still whispers conspiratorially. "Feel free to turn into Snape any time you like," he says. "I could use a laugh." The end.