a little unnatural to come out of a Pensieve, and she really hoped she wouldn't have to go through this again anytime soon. It didn't take them long to write down the names after that, and comparing their new list to the official one took an even shorter time. Two names emerged: Aleksander Smythe and Jeremiah Stone, two foreign Aurors recently transferred from Germany, graduates from Durmstrang. there had never been any report of them supporting You-Know-Who's ideology, but they had transferred to the Auror Department right around the time the attacks had started. For Amelia, that was more than enough to warrant a visit. Having an actual end for this nightmare of a case in sight helped her push the fatigue away, and one Pepper-Up Potion later, she was gesturing at Dawlish to follow her, Smythe and Stone's address fresh in her mind. They even lived together, how convenient. "Madam Bones, are you sure we should go now?" Shooting him her best authoritative look, Amelia shot down his concern. "We're only checking them out. I have the rest of the Department ready to find me at a moment's notice-" that safety measure was a leftover from the war, one that probably wouldn't ever be removed, "-and you're coming with me. We'll be fine." "As you wish, Madam," he replied, though Amelia could see in the set of his jaw that he wasn't happy about it. .x. The first words out of Amelia's mouth once they found some cover between a bush and the outer wall of a brick house were of surprise, though they came mostly out of shock. "You're bleeding!". Her next ones, because she still couldn't quite believe what had just happened, were of reproach, and angry. "You took a spell for me, Dawlish, what in Merlin's name came over you?!" They had gotten to Smythe and Stone's place without a hitch, but spells had started flying the moment they had been spotted. Amelia, while she was no slouch with a wand, had still been vastly outclassed by their two suspects' teamwork. Dawlish, however, had been holding his own until a sickly orange spell had burrowed its way right past Amelia's shield spell, shattering it instantly in shards of silver that had dissolved in the air like mist. Amelia hadn't even had time to react before Dawlish had pushed her outside of the spell's path, taking the hit for her. It sliced a deep gouge in his dominant arm, rendering him pretty much useless in the fight even though it thankfully seemed to have missed the artery. She had managed to apparate them about fifty feet away before slamming into anti-apparition wards, and they had been hiding ever since, waiting for the Aurors Amelia had called to arrive. Smythe and John were probably long gone by now, and in the meantime Amelia and Dawlish were stuck there. Dawlish was really in no condition to apparate outside of life or death situation, which Amelia believed this no longer was, and the last time he had tried to stand he had collapsed after half a step. With this being a Muggle neighborhood, there really was no better way than to wait for the reinforcement that should arrive in the next few minutes anyway. "With how much of my blood is currently on your hands, I do believe you should call me John," he hissed as she tried to spell his wound shut. So far Amelia had managed to slow down to bleeding, but from the way the wound seemed to resist to all of her attempts to close it, it was probably cursed and thus far beyond her ability to heal. Amelia rolled her eyes even as she used a quick cleaning spell to take care of the blood that remained on hands, making her grip on her wand slippery. "Fine. Then what were you thinking, John ?" "That I couldn't let you die." He spoke without fear or hesitation, his grey eyes dark with pain. With his arm uncovered as she tried to heal it, Amelia could see her words there, even through the blood that was still trickling softly down his skin, the cursive black and loopy. Almost against her will, she found herself tracing down the letters, ignoring the goosebumps that rose of John's skin as she did so, the fire in her gut banked not by his words, but by the so very honest tone he had adopted. "I don't really trust soulmates," Amelia admitted, looking John straight in the eyes, her wand halting in its healing attempts. Her other hand, though, stayed on his wrist. She could feel his pulse, and the radiant heat of his skin. John laughed softly. "I don't really trust them either," he answered. "I don't believe many in our Department do." Amelia shook her head ruefully. That was certainly true, yes. But John had taken a spell for her. He could have died, and as his boss she would definitely have to do something about that – the risk had been stupid: John was the better fighter, handicapping himself so could have cost them both their lives – but at the woman who bored his mark, she couldn't help but feel a little charmed. "Maybe," she started, licking her lips with apprehension she hadn't felt in years, "maybe we could learn together." Her heart beat so fast in her chest that she felt like a teenager again, back in Hogwarts as she tried to ask a boy out to Hogsmeade for Valentine's Day. "I think I might like that," John replied, smiling. His lips didn't really taste any different than any other lips she had kissed. There was no eruption of fire in her veins, no rush of heat on her skin, no electricity. There was a hint of copper though, lingering on her tongue, and the quiet feeling of two pieces finally fitting together, home at last. It wasn't everything, but it was enough. It was a start.