said nothing. "Rubeus...we'd better get this over with, we only have a small window of time before we have to leave." Dumbledore said hurriedly, as he took Hadrian in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys' house in a rush. "Could I - could I say good-bye to him, sir?" Hagrid asked the old man, as he reached towards the infant once more. When Dumbledore nodded hesitantly, Hagrid bent his large, hairy head over Hadrian and gave him a short, scratchy kiss on the forehead. At the touch, Hagrid let out a loud howl like a wounded animal. "Shhh!" Professor McGonagall hissed out, not believing the half-giant for making such a sound."You'll wake those monsters!" "So-r-ry, s-ometh-ing just h-hurt me. I'm gonna' need ta' sit down for a lil' bit." Hagrid said, as he suddenly fell to his knees. Dumbledore instantly knew what had happened, but wondered why the curse affected the hybrid now, but not inside the home. It dismissed his theory of something placed inside the Nursery, and confirmed that it indeed was someone on Hadrian's person. Dumbledore took a deep breath then, and walked across the short lawn, to the door of the home. He then laid Hadrian down on the stone doorstep, pulled a brown letter out of his cloak, and then tucked it inside Hadrian's green blankets, and headed back to the other two. He walked at a slow, calm pace, and put a sad look on his face, to fool the two that waited on him. Unknown to them, he was filled with joy on the inside. He just hoped the child died under their harsh care, as he knew they'd be rough with the boy. He did not need another Potter to deal with, after he had gone through such work killing the parents. For a full minute the three adults stood looking at each other, but only Hagrid and Mcgonagall turned to look at young Hadrian's form at the door. Dumbledore meanwhile was waiting to leave, but he knew that they would finger him a bad person if he left them before it was appropriate. He did not need them both thinking ill of him, not now. Hagrid's shoulders fell downward then, and Professor McGonagall looked at Dumbledore angrily, but he simply ignored her. "Well," Dumbledore said, speaking out, as he mainly wanted to leave the street and the events that occurred there. "That's that. We don't belong here, so let us go. If I'm needed by either of you, I can be found at my home." He spoke with a plain tone, as he didn't want to reveal his true emotions. "Yeah," Hagrid said in a very muffled, saddened voice." I better be bringing the bike back, before Black goes and says it was stolen. G'night, Professor McGonagall - Professor Dumbledore, sir." He said respectfully, but didn't look at either of them. After he wiped his teary eyes, Hagrid climbed back on the motorcycle and kicked the engine several times, until it burst into life; and with a loud roar it shot off into the air and disappeared into the cloudy night sky. "I shall see you soon, I hope, Professor McGonagall," He said, sending a meaningful look her way. Professor McGonagall just stared at him. "Don't count on it." She said as she appearated to a place he wouldn't find her, her family home in Scotland. Dumbledore, now alone turned and walked down the street while humming a favorite tune of his. On the corner he had stopped at, he took out the same silver lighter" from long before. He then flicked the top once, and all twelve balls of light sped back to their respective lamps, and Privet Drive was bathed in light, giving it the illusion that nothing had happened on the quiet street. He apparated from the street then, and went to celebrate with his people. He couldn't wait to bask in their adoration. Immediately after he left, a warm orange breeze flowed through the hot air, and beat away at the foundations of Privet Drive. Despite the aero assault that occurred there, the street remained completely unaffected by the steaming breeze. Faintly a lion's proud roar was heard in the distance, which many would have questioned, as the Zoo was on the other side of Surrey. In the back of the windy air, was a shining gold trail of light, which circled around young Hadrian's basket. After it circled thrice around in the air, the trail vanished in a burst of dark green fire, that heat up the air even more. No living soul had seen the brilliant display of natural magic, or the force that ended it. The entirety of Privet was exactly the same, unchanged by it's visitors. At the edge of morning, there was only one thing that had changed, young Hadrian James Potter. A small smile had crawled onto his face, as he settled into a peaceful sleep, not even knowing what lie before him. He didn't know his true origin, or that fact he didn't belong to the world he would find himself in. He didn't know that his real world despised him and his name, or that The Woman would soon wake him in a few hours, nor that the next few years of his life would become absolute hell for himself and others. He also didn't know that all across the country, different people celebrated the murder of his own parents. The Wizards and Witches of the United Kingdom raised their glasses for a toast, and cheered on a monster. All together, they would scream, "To Albus Dumbledore- The Lord of Light!" Did you enjoy this revisited memory? I hope you did. Darin and myself will be fixing up old chapters, and adding new things to them. We are essentially remastering the first book, and perhaps the second later on. This is mainly a small side-project, that will be worked on the side. Anyway, have a good morning. -DTS