front. So he hadn't imagined that? He then noticed that they dipped below his pant line. He knew he should be feeling surprised, or scared, or confused but he didn't feel anything. He couldn't think straight. The one thought that went through Draco Malfoy's head as Harry Potter stood half naked in front of him is that he wanted to see more. Startled by this realization, he very audibly gasped. … Harry stood there, feeling very insecure under the watchful eyes of Draco. When he heard a gasp, he slowly turned around to a very red faced Draco. Harry cocked his head in confusion. "I have done some awful things." He started slowly after a moment of just staring at Draco. He tentatively took a step forward. "Like what?" Draco managed to squeak out as he took a small step forward. "Maybe I'll tell you another time." Harry said taking another step forward. Eyes flicking to Draco's lips briefly. He didn't know what was happening and he didn't know why he wasn't repulsed by the idea of closing the space between them. He didn't have time to question it because Draco walked around him and back to the cauldron. "We have a potion to make Potter." He said with a very red face and very pointedly Not Looking at Harry. Harry sighed and put his shirt back on. He went to switch jobs with Draco but was surprised to see he had rolled up his sleeves and was working on it. This caused him to smile slightly. … It was finally the day when they had to test their potion. They had just finished explaining the concept to the class and were preparing it for consumption. "Who's gonna take it?" Harry asked. They hadn't spoken about anything other than the project since the incident with shirtless Harry. Draco's cheeks coloured at the thought. "I guess I'll take it, wouldn't want the golden boy dying because of a faulty potion now would we?" he joked. His eyes widened, he didn't know where that came from. Harry laughed lightly. "Not like it'd be the first time I've died." he winked in response. … They hadn't spoken so easily since Harry foolishly ripped off his shirt to show him the marks left by the things he'd done. This has given him a long time to think about everything, but mainly Draco. He thought about why the idea of kissing the other boy didn't repulse him, and he's come to a pretty sound conclusion. As they added one of Harry's hairs to the potion he thought about what was coming. Draco would be able to hear all his thoughts, he was going to hear everything Harry had been thinking for the past week. This terrified him. "Ready?" Draco asked quietly. Harry nodded in response. Draco drank the potion and the class watched as he transformed into Harry. Time to test it. ' Can you hear this?' Harry thought. … "Can you hear this?" Draco's eyes widened it had worked. He smiled and nodded. "Alright then, someone ask me a question and I'll think of my answer, we'll see if Draco can get it." Harry explained. This was so weird. "What's your favourite colour?" Hermione asked. Draco didn't need to hear Harry's thoughts to know it was- 'Green.' "Green?" Draco asked confused. "I thought it was red?" Harry just shook his head. "Why don't I write something down and you think it over and we'll see if Draco can get the message?" Slughorn suggested. He handed Harry a scrap of paper. 'Eclectic Earworms Eat Earwax.' Draco repeated it. This went on for a while, people would ask questions and Harry would answer them in his mind. As the hour was almost up, Draco prepared to change back. The questions had died down and they were stating the conclusion of the project when Harry looked him straight in the eyes. 'I love you.' Draco's eyes widened, "w-what?" he said before he felt the effects of the potion wearing off and he changed back. … Soon Harry was no longer staring at himself, but Draco Malfoy. A very surprised and very confused Draco Malfoy. "What?" he asked again. The class looked on confused. Harry struggled to find what to say. When he couldn't think of anything, he decided maybe words weren't the right thing in this situation. He walked up to Draco Malfoy and kissed him, right there in front of the class. He heard a chorus of 'whats' but he didn't care because Draco Malfoy was kissing him back. After about 15 seconds, they pulled away. Harry felt his back tingle and by the look on Draco's face, he could feel something similar. He rolled up his left sleeve ignoring the gasp from the class and looked down at the marks. Harry also looked on. Everyone was mesmerized as the swirls surrounding the dark mark coloured in various shades of gold, bronze and silver. It was magnificent, the metallic colours reflected the light making it pop even more. The class gasped as Draco and Harry just stared. The dark mark also began changing, gaining colour much like the soul marks, the evil left behind by Voldemort himself was becoming the most gorgeous shade of metallic blue Harry had ever seen. Draco smiled and quickly pulled Harry in for a hug. "Thank you." He whispered voice barely above a whisper. They stayed like that until they were interrupted. "Harry, Mr. Malfoy, your project was very well done and very informative also I am very happy you have found each other but can you please take your seats so we can let another group go." Slughorn said, with a smile. Both Harry and Draco walked wordlessly to their seats. … As Draco sat down next to Pansy, he noticed a triumphant smile adorned her face. "I told you, you didn't want to be his friend ." This earned her a light punch on the arm, and a smile.