lap, one arm now cradling her chest in sudden modesty. 'Lily, any time. I'm always here for you.' James stood too, suddenly so much taller than her, their bodies close, sparks flying between them. 'I'd do anything for you,' James said, rather riskily, his voice deep with sincerity and the promise of his love. Lily blushed, turning away and James did too, turning to the couch and casting a few cleaning charms to remove any milk stains, though the majority still sat in his school shirt, making it cling to his chest. While muttering a thanks and redoing her bra to her new chest, Lily seemed to realise this, for she spent a long while distractedly looking at James' torso. Broad shoulders, a strong chest and lean hips, muscle sculpted to his arms, all revealed enticingly though the clear and clinging top. James caught Lily staring in a rather fascinated manner at his body, though he felt in no place to complain, as he was also stealing glances at her tits still, busting now from the too small bra she had redressed in. With a final sigh, and wondering how on earth he and Lily were going to be able to return to their friendship after these events (some would say already tense at the building sexual frustration and mutual infatuation with one another in a far more than platonic way), James declared the couch clean. They stood on opposite ends of the couch for a few moments. James's right hand flew to his hair and he mussed it a bit, while Lily's eyes dropped to the hem of his shirt which had ridden up at this action to show the slightest sliver of a very toned stomach and a trail of hair that disappeared into his low slung school slacks … and led to james' erection, sitting on a diagonal under his wet pants, thick and long and throbbing. He was hard for her. James, oblivious to Lily's gaze, broke the silence, saying somewhat somewhat awkwardly, 'Right then, well I'm off to have a shower now.' and he turned and began to walk toward the stairs that led to their shared bathroom. Lily stared at James's back. She knew she liked the boy. She'd known for a while now, he was simply too good and too talented not to fall smitten for. Quidditch Captain and carrying the team to a sure victory with his brilliant leadership and motivation. Head Boy, and so brilliant at it. Authoritative and Intuitive. He was smart; a prodigy in transfiguration, quick to pick up Defence Against the Dark Arts NEWT level content. James put in the study to excel in classes while also maintaining an enviable social life. Him and his friends were brothers practically, attached at the hip in a flurry of laughter and good humoured banter, so natural to them after years of companionship. He was attractive. Really hot. Personal favourites of his appearance, if she had to pick only a few, were his height; a good foot taller than her, his hazel eyes and long girly eyelashes that brushed the lenses his glasses adorably, his big grin and the dimple on his right cheek that revealed his perfectly straight and white teeth, and of course the hair; James' tussled mop of ashen chocolate hair. James had matured, and she loved the changes she saw in him for it; kinder and more compassionate, with a heart of sympathy and understanding for his student body. Summoning every ounce of Gryffindor bravery that she possessed, she called after James, her voice only a bit shaky. 'James!' James turned to look at Lily, 'yes darling?' he inquired, taking in the way she was wringing her hands. She was suddenly very nervous. 'I … I was wondering. I ought to have a shower myself too. Do you mind … If I Join you?' Lily wasn't so much nervous at James possibly denying her request, but more nervous at the implications of her request. She wanted to shower with him. Presumably naked. That Lily wanted nothing more than for James' lips on hers and his hard body on top of her as he pounded into her wasn't all that outlandish a conclusion to draw from her request therein. And to admit her desire for James sexually, was also to admit her desire for him romantically, for James knew by now that Lily wasn't much one for a one off encounter, and most especially not with one her her closest friends, as it was sure to complicate things inexplicably. So Lily knew at this point that James now knew that she fancied him a fair bit, as far as implications go, and that made her very nervous. James's eyebrows raised slightly and a second later he was grinning that beautiful grin, and stalking over to her with confidence. Then his arms were around her bare waist, and his gorgeous face was close to hers as he said, voice radiating complete bliss, 'Lily, didn't I tell you already? I simply can't say no to you. And if that implies that you'll be joining me' his eyes raking her figure quickly as he spoke 'for a nice warm shower, then I suppose I can oblige your request.' He beamed at her, eyes happy and Lily's eyes happy to, her smile rounding her cheeks to hi-light the blush that was inevitable whenever James was close to her. She rolled her eyes at his teasing, then squealed a moment later, gasping his name in surprise, as he lifted her buy the waist and placed her over his shoulder, her bare calves dancing in front of his face. So with Lily laughing, her hands upside down and clutching on James' hips, and James easily carried Lily across the room and up the stairs, one hand on the back of her smooth thigh, they disappeared into the bathroom for their first, but certainly not the last, shower (among other things done when naked) together.