brain is filled with cotton, and keeping track of anything is next to impossible. Still, somehow Barty manages to grasp this: his savior's name is Regulus, and he's probably the one who was following him. Regulus . It suits him. .x. The next time Barty wakes, he finds that he can move. It still hurts, but it's a dull kind of ache, like pulling at stretched muscles, and he can deal with it. He's lying on some kind of bed, and gingerly Barty sits up. "Hi." Barty nearly jumps out of his skin. "Hi," he repeats mechanically as he takes in the sight of the speaker. The man isn't much taller than Barty, and he has dark hair that falls to his shoulders in messy waves. His clothes look well-worn, but they're also well-kept. None of this matters from the moment their eyes meet. Barty may only have seen them once, but he'd know those eyes everywhere: they belong to the one who saved him, to his silent shadow, to his guardian angel. "Regulus, right? I'm Barty," he says, extending a hand in greeting. If Regulus is surprised Barty knows his name, he doesn't show it. He does shake Barty's hand though, before sitting at the bottom corner of the bed. "So, Barty , you come from Down Under, right? What's it like there?" Taken aback, Barty just blinks. And then it hits him. "Oh, you mean Underground? Yes, I'm from there. Does that mean you're not?" Regulus hums back in reply, his eyes piercing in their intensity as he gazes at Barty. "No, I'm not," he finally confirms, and Barty's heart start pounding in his chest. "I don't- How is that possible?" Regulus shrugs. "How would I know? It just is." He sighs, then. "You should rest some more, though. And don't try walking on that leg—it was badly broken, and it'll need time to heal." Barty startles, his eyes suddenly drawn to his leg. It is indeed wrapped in some kind of cast, though Barty can't quite recognize the material it's made of, and now that Barty focuses on it, he can feel the pain sharpen in a way it hadn't before. In fact, it's truly a wonder he hasn't noticed it before. "But you don't understand—I need to go back," Barty finds himself saying, even though he knows there is no way for him to make the trip to the passage to the underground, even if he knew where he was and how to leave wherever this place was. Regulus looks at him with a mix of understanding and pity. In anyone else, it'd make Barty bristle, but in Regulus, it just makes his heart twinge a little. "You can't tell me you actually want to go back," Regulus states dryly, head tilted to the side. "Not when you spend almost all your time up here already." Well, he has a point. Still, though. "That doesn't mean I should just stay here ," Barty counters. "Why not? It's really not that bad here, and the way I hear it, it's not even that different from your underground world." "About that," Barty starts, "how do you… How can I…" "How are there people living up here when it's supposedly so impossible?" Regulus completes with a dry laugh, picking at the bed's covers. "Haven't you guessed already?" "Guessed what?" Barty asks, frowning. Regulus sighs, fingers stilling inches away from Barty's leg. For some reason, Barty finds himself wanting those fingers to touch him, but this isn't the time. "You're not going to like t," Regulus sighs. "Tell me anyway." Regulus does, a sharp grin playing on his lips even as his eyes display sorrow. He's right. Barty doesn't like it. "It's a conspiracy, see," Regulus explains. "I mean, yes, for a while living up here wasn't very safe, and a lot of people died. But when that stopped, the people at the top decided that, well, they had survived very narrowly once, and that they might not get so lucky twice. So they started this experiment—some people would stay here, outside, while other would leave, and go underground." Regulus shrugs as Barty takes it in. It makes so much sense. He hates how much sense it makes. "But why not just tell everyone that? Why do they keep this charade of Above being deadly?" "Same reason they tell us not to leave our Enclaves," Regulus replies. "They like their people where they can see them, and what better way to do that than to convince them that there's nowhere else for them to go?" "It's sick." "That's the way the world is, though. Can't change it." But there, as he says this, something sparks in Regulus' eyes. Something bitter, almost, and a lot like anger. It makes Barty smirk. He thinks of Lucius Malfoy, who appears to be rich in a world that has no use for such things, who funded expeditions into the world Above when those should have been entirely forbidden. He thinks of the list, the things he had been told to keep a look out for. He thinks of the rumors, the whispers he'd heard of Malfoy being backed by someone powerful, someone who could change the world, of everyone who supports Malfoy's project in the shadows but never dares to step into the light. He thinks about all this, and he looks into the eyes of a boy who saved him even when he probably shouldn't have, and he realizes that this version of reality wants them to never have met. It doesn't seem right. "What if we could?" "What if we could what?" "Change the world," Barty replies, lips stretched with a wide grin. "Remake it the way we want." Regulus blinks, onceand then twice, before he echoes Barty's own sharp smile. "I'm listening." Barty's heart pounds in his chest, and he may never have even dared to think of anything quite so forbidden, but he also has never felt quite so free.