actually burst into tears. Watching the gentlewitch gracefully cross the street and disappear into the milliner's, my body sagged against the Postal-Office wall, trembling violently, almost overwhelmed by so many tumultuous emotions. Finally, finally I would get my chance to live outside of the tiny box I had been shut in for my whole life. Finally, I would be able to test myself in a new line of work that didn't involve the relentless tedium of mending and making clothes... This thought brought me back to my own clothing situation. Gathering my composure, I made my way to the haberdasher's, where I received from his wife a decidedly frosty reception. "Miss Granger, I suppose you are come to balance your Aunt's account?" I stared at her, not quite understanding what she meant. "No, indeed...I have come to purchase some cloth," I said. The woman's lips thinned. "I'm afraid you cannot buy anything until the account has been settled," she curtly replied. "But...I...I had not thought it incumbent on me...surely you will receive reimbursement from her lawyers?" "I should as soon trust my fortune to a band of swindlers," she retorted. "Nay, the account must be settled now, in full." Crestfallen, I reached for my purse. "How much is outstanding?" I asked her, hoping it might only be a few knuts. Taking out a large ledger book, the witch used her wand to flick through and find the page. "Nine sickles and four," she announced, turning the book around for me to see. With a regretful sigh, I sadly handed over the only Galleon I had ever beheld—let alone held—in my life, receiving in change seven sickles and 25 knuts. I watched the witch scratch a large red mark through the ledger, and snap it shut with a puff of dust. "Now," she said, in a more civil tone. "How may I help you?" I selected a length of quality black silk, and one of dark-grey bombazine, as well as some serviceable pieces of poplin in unobtrusive colours, for everyday work. To these, I added a quantity of brown merino with which to make a new robe. It was expensive, but I could not endure the notion of turning up at the gates of the famously splendid Malfoy Manor in my twice-turned, shabby hand-me-down. As she cut and folded the required lengths, the haberdasher's wife, no longer able to contain her curiosity, asked me if I had gained a new position somewhere? "Yes," I replied, with the first swell of pride I could ever recall experiencing. "I am going to be governess to a child at Malfoy Manor, in Tredraconis." "You don't say!" exclaimed the witch, clearly surprised and impressed by this piece of news. Then snidely she added, "That is a fortunate turn of events, for the likes of one such as you ." I understood perfectly her insinuations and flushed with mortified anger. "Indeed, I consider myself fortunate," I replied quietly, not wishing to rise to her ungenerous sting. For some minutes she continued with her cutting, then with a sly glance at me, she said, "They say the young Lord is a wild creature with rowdy friends and a great taste for London dissipations." "I know nothing of it," I said, divided between longing to hear more and not wanting to engage in lowly gossip. "Aye, and his father, Lord Lucius, is a fierce and vindictive man; a powerful wizard with extensive knowledge of the Dark Arts..." her voice lowered to a conspiratorial murmur. "They say his wife was killed by his cruel treatment, though of course it was all covered up and blamed on her frailty." Becoming increasingly annoyed by her apparent desire to cause me discomfiture, I deigned not to reply, merely waiting for her to finish her work, then handing over the required payment. Gathering the three paper-wrapped parcels under my arm, I curtseyed with a brief, "Good day." "Good day, miss," replied the witch, adding, "I hope for you own sake that you will heed my warning and seek immediately for a new situation." "Thank you," I said coldly, "but I do not intend to let idle slander frighten me out of a respectable position." I had the satisfaction of seeing a flush spread over the rude witch's face before I turned my back on her and left the haberdashery for (I hoped) the very last time. Never before had I dared to so speak so saucily to anyone in my life, and the sensation it occasioned was both novel and rather pleasant. When I arrived back at the house, I spread out the lengths of soft fabric upon the table, guiltily thinking that Aunt Agna would never have approved of such extravagance. And I very much feared that my becoming a nursery-governess for a wealthy wizarding family would certainly fall under her definition of "looking higher than my own good head." That night I lay awake for many hours, unable to calm the wild beating of my heart as I tried to picture Malfoy Manor and the coastal countryside of Tredraconis (for I had never seen the sea). I wondered if my little charge were a boy or girl, and exactly to whom in the household they belonged...the wild and rowdy young Lord, perhaps? And naturally, my thoughts turned time and again to the man who was to become my Master, this "Lord Lucius". I wondered if there were really any truth in the dreadful gossip, that he dabbled with Dark magic; that he had killed his wife with cruelty... Although I hated to credit such vile rumours, I couldn't help but feel a little nervous about how a man with such a reputation might treat his paid subordinates...would he be a kindly employer, or an exacting autocrat? Most likely, I told myself, he won't even notice the presence of a lowly and obscure muggleborn governess like yourself. I was rather comforted by this thought, and sleep came to me at last. …