up everything living. Had it occurred to the eldest bear that he was needed at the cottage? Had they forgotten about the youngest bear? His brother knew how timid she was, how much calming down she needed, how everything needed to be kept exactly in place and consistent just to avoid panicking her. Did he think he could do everything himself, taking care or her and keeping the household running? Or did he simply not care about the youngest bear anymore? Having listened to this, Goldilocks interrupted. The middle bear had no hope of understanding, he said, quite flatly, bored. He was far too stupid and too ordinary to see the larger scheme, the greater good that they were trying to achieve. It was precisely people like him who kept the restrictions in place that they were trying to remove. If the ways things were was different, the youngest bear wouldn't have to live in seclusion any more- the whole world could be made safe for her, and if anyone threatened to disrupt her safety they could be punished severely. But the middle bear could not expand his horizons further than the walls of his own house. The middle bear turned on Goldilocks and began snarling at him savagely. This was all his fault, he declared. The eldest bear had never neglected his duties before Goldilocks had come along. The middle bear had overheard some of Goldilocks' ideas, and he spat at him now that they were twisted and poisonous, and he didn't want Goldilocks anywhere near his family. He was an unwanted visitor when he arrive and he was an unwanted visitor now. He should go back out into the woods where he had come from and leave them all in peace. As might be expected, Goldilocks didn't take any of this calmly. While they carried on a shouting match, he eldest bear stood by unsure of what to do. A moment before he had been completely sure that Goldilocks was right, but his brother's reaction had amazed him and made him hesitate. He felt powerless to know what was right, powerless almost to think, or to do anything but stand, watching them tear into one another. He was never sure, afterwards, who took the dispute from words to actions first. Both Goldilocks and the middle bear seemed to reach the end of their patience at once. They had more in common than they thought, when it came to stubbornness and fierceness of opinion. Whoever it was, one of them leapt at the other, and the other retaliated in kind. The eldest bear had no choice but to dive frantically into the fray, trying to pull his brother and his best friend off each other. Then everything became a whirling, crashing blur, bowls knocked to the floor and shattered, furniture sent flying, the whole kitchen shaking, while the three of them lashed out wildly and half-blind with fury and anxiety. The youngest bear had been upstairs in her room. She heard the raised voices and knew that the argument was, as it so often was, at least partly about her. She sat, lip trembling, staring at the all-too-familiar walls which enclosed her, wishing she could disappear. She seemed destined only to be a trouble to the people around her, the same people who she most wanted to be happy. She huddled small into herself, trying not to hear, trying, as far as possible not to be. The first sound of scraping and smashing, however, and that which followed, jolted her upright again. This was something which could not be ignored- it had never gone so far as physical blows before. She had to do something. Although she was terribly afraid, she could not let anyone- anyone else- be hurt for her. She went out from her room, and went as fast as her shaking legs would take her down the stairs. In the uproar, no one heard the stairs creak, and when she opened the kitchen door, it was precisely at the moment when, the fight having reached it, three blows were aimed at once- -but I find myself unable to finish this. No, it is no good; the Beedle tales will have to go off to the publisher as they are. It's unfortunate, I seem to have wandered from the original idea rather more than I anticipated, and yet I have been describing, as I went along, just as it seemed I must. There are many versions of every story. Sometimes, though, it cannot be known, or we do not wish to know, how each variation might unfold in all its particulars. It's curious, though, how common threads can be found in the stories we tell, to ourselves or others. The rule of three, for instance: three seems to be the recurring number, be it in choice of an adequate bowl of porridge or choice of an appropriate Hallow, as though three is exactly the right number for anything, and more, or less, will spell disaster. The seemingly blemishless plan- whether to pillage a bear's cottage or to command the power of the Elder Wand, which is defeated by an unforeseen flaw. And- in a great many stories-the final inevitability of the conclusion, which is something I find myself dwelling on more and more these days, whatever plot I set out to address. Wizard or Muggle, great and powerful or not, we want for our lives to be meaningful, to think that the choices we make have corresponding outcomes for ourselves and those we hold close. The desire to live in a fair world, operated by rules we comprehend and to be of significance in deciding our own destinies is something easily understood, but it is a mistake to think ourselves alone in feeling it. The similarity of our preoccupations, as revealed by our tales, gives a reminder- sadly, a reminder often much needed, and often only too dearly obtained- of how much unites, rather than divides us.