When he fell asleep that night, he fell asleep surrounded by Death's hallows. That morning was by far the most pleasant, if not the most dramatic. He awoke on a sea of red stretching in every direction. It took him a second before he realised he was still inside, on his bed, and that the red was inside with him. He looked around, wrinkling his nose at the overpowering scent, and became aware of what he lay on. His bed, and every other available surface of his bedroom, were covered in deep red chrysanthemums. It was now, as he look upon them in their hundreds, that he remembered their name, and vaguely recalled that the pocket watch he had received not so long ago had a depiction of this exact same flower on its cover, as had the box he'd received before that. The flower of death. The scent was absolutely invasive, crawling into every inch of his senses until he could barely breath, until suddenly it was all gone, like a fresh breath of air. He opened an eye slowly, having been unaware he'd ever even closed them, and his gaze fell upon a figure dressed in black, a hood covering his pale, bone-white face. And yet where most would be afraid (and rightly so), he could find it in himself to feel scared. After all, he knew this person, and loved him already. "Master," said the deep, gravelly voice, and he shivered slightly in response, face tilting almost unconsciously to accept the touch of the man's hand on his cheek. There was a soft, low laugh. "So responsive, my master. So beautiful." He stared at him wordlessly and reached up slowly, so the being could draw away if he so wished. Death did not, and so his outstretched fingers found their purchase in black cloth, and he pulled the heavy hood down. "I'm sorry I took so long," he whispered finally, staring into dark, dark eyes. Stared into the ever-deep abyss of absolute eternity. They flickered in amusement, and Death smiled. "All is forgiven, beloved," he smiled. "Besides, what is time when you are eternal?" Harry laughed, and his laugh was nothing like that of Death. His laugh was life, and vitality even now, and it left even Death breathless "Harry." He looked up at him, curious, questioning, and Death extended his hand. In his palm lay an apple of such dark red a colour that it could pass for black at a distance. It was a fruit of death, he knew. He took it anyway. He did not look away from Death as he raised the apple to his lips, enjoying the smooth, glossy skin against his mouth and tongue, the heavy, sweet scent in his nose. It was almost strong enough to drown out the smell of the innumerable flowers that surrounded him. He took a bite. All went black. When he opened his eyes, it was to ever familiar trees, branches reaching towards the sky. The moon was barely visible tonight, a mere sliver in a sea of black, and yet he could see just as well as he had the first night. The night of the full moon. He blinked, turned his head. The grave was next to him, except now, it was open. The stone stood where it always had, bright and bone-white, but this time there were no yew berries lying atop it. He pulled himself up, and found Death looking down at him, an ever-loving smile on his thin, pale lips. For a minute he forgot himself, and merely smiled back stupidly. How could he not? He'd never seen such affection, not for him, in anyone's eyes. But then he recalled where he was, and what had happened. As if he'd read his mind, Death extended his bony hand, and he took it without hesitation. The powerful being pulled him up, and for a second he was surprised at the amount of strength in those bone-like hands, but he dismissed it and looked into the open grave. It was deep, as was to be expected from a grave. At the bottom, a beautiful, elegant coffin lay. It was made of some rich, dark brown wood, but he didn't know what sort. For some reason, he couldn't look away, and for a minute he felt cold, as if he was looking at his own end. As if, he thought dryly, someone had walked across his grave, and the saying had never seemed so scarily appropriate. "Who?" he asked quietly. He knew, of course he did, but he wanted to hear it anyway. He didn't look away from the beautifully crafted curves and edges, the small carving of a flower at the head, even as long fingers tightened around his wrist. "But you know, Master." He shook his head, and wondered what it was he'd become. Once again, it seemed as if Death had read his mind, and he wouldn't be surprised if he had. "It was necessary, dearest. You know that." And he did. "Why me?" And Death smiled upon his young charge, his soon-to-be lover. "Why ever not? Who else is there, except for you, who lives and breathes death, and looks upon death, and has eyes the colour of death? Who then, except you who has evaded my realm for so long? Death could only ever love that which is it's opposite, Harry. Death could only ever love you." He said it like it was fact, undeniable and unshakable. It felt like it too, and hit Harry somewhere in his chest with how right and true it was. It was the most truthful thing he'd ever heard, and the most beautiful, and Harry had been alone for so long, trapped in an empty house full of cobwebs and dust. Trapped by his own doing. Trapped for far too long, he decided, and so when Death extended his pale, skeletal fingers, Harry entwined them with his own, and didn't let go.