She never did. In fact her friends didn't even know that she was with him. And speaking of Granger… The boy was already in the Great Hall, talking happily with Susan Bones and Hannah Abbott (and the young student whom he carried to the hospital wing). He was so cheerful and relaxed that if Pansy wasn't with him the previous evening, she would never guess that his back and bottom hurt him. However, as soon as she saw him with other girls, something turned in her stomach. "Hello, Pansy, ladies," she heard his voice above her a few moments later. The wizard walked towards the Slytherin table (at this moment it was occupied only by her and her friends) as soon as he saw that they arrived. "Granger," she said shortly. She almost always treated him coldly when they weren't alone. "What are you doing here and why are you ruining my day?" "I had a conversation with Professor McGonagall. She asked me to inform you that you won't have detention if you write her a ten page long essay about the three previous lessons. You have two days to do it. If you fail, you'll serve detention with Filch." "Two days?!" she asked, shocked. Her friends weren't surprised that she reacted like that because they all knew that Transfiguration wasn't her favourite subject and she had some problems with it. "Is she completely mad?!" The boy only shrugged. "Maybe, who knows? But don't worry. I'll help you and will be your tutor." said the chocolate haired Gryffindor, grinning. Pansy snickered. "And what else? I won't spend two days alone with a mudblood ," she barked. Her interlocutor, on the other hand, just smirked. He knew it was just a game. "I'm afraid I didn't make myself clear," the boy started, put his hands on the table and then leaned towards Pansy who sat just in front of him. He was aware that his Slytherin class-mates were looking at him but didn't say anything as they wanted to know what he was about to say. "Professor McGonagall made me your tutor. She expects me to help you and I'll share the same grade as you for it. And I won't accept anything less than Outstanding. Did I make myself clear?" Pansy raised her head to meet his eyes and almost smirked seeing domination in them. If she had to be honest, she liked to see him dominant almost as much as she loved to see him submissive. It was making him look hot. "I hate you, Granger." Pansy retorted venomously. "I don't expect you to like me. I expect you to write a perfect essay," he said with a shrug and then turned on his heel. "Meet me today in the Room of Requirement, 7:30, don't you dare keep me waiting." And with that he went to join his friends who just entered the Great Hall. "What?!" Pansy snapped when she heard her room-mates chuckling. "Oh, nothing, Pansy, nothing," started Daphne. Dangerous sparks were visible in her eyes. "Just be a good girl, or else Professor Granger will take you over his knees." "What the hell, Daphne?" seethed the dark-haired Slytherin girl. "Well, I wouldn't mind being over his knees," said Tracey and looked towards Granger who was talking with Ron and Lavender Brown. "He's so hot and sweet." The girl had no idea why, but suddenly she felt hot. "He's a mudblood, Tracey. A mudblood! " "You don't know that," this time it was Millicent Bulstrode's turn to speak. "He was raised in a muggle orphanage before he started Hogwarts. Who knows, maybe his parents, or at least one of them, were wizards?" "Still, I have no idea why you fantasise about being spanked by him." Pansy grumbled. "Well, he's cute." Daphne responded. "And handsome." Tracey added. "And funny." concluded Millicent. "You're weird," she said to them. Especially since she was the one who spanked him at the first place. "Well, you have to admit that he's special, taking into account that even Professor Snape likes him," started Tracey but lowered her voice because other Slytherins entered the Great Hall and sat down at their table. "He would be a good boyfriend." "Yes, you're right," said Pansy as it was something she already thought the previous night. However, seeing that her friends smirked, she realised that she had to save her dignity. "He would be a good boyfriend, if he was a pure-blood. But let's face it. He's just a mudblood ." And after saying this, she got up and left the Great Hall. But before she did it, she looked over her arm towards the boy who was showing something to Parvati and Lavender. The Gryffindor girls chuckled when they saw it. Damn you, Granger. She thought. Why did he have to be a mudblood? Why couldn't he be a pure-blood wizard? It would be much easier. "I'm going mad," she muttered to herself and headed towards the Charms classroom. "I can't have a crush on a mudblood." However, her heart and body betrayed her. The heart was beating as mad and she felt aroused. When she beat him, she was pretty horny because his body was driving her crazy. Nevertheless, when her friends mentioned that they wouldn't mind being spanked by him… Yes. She mentioned that she wouldn't want to be spanked by her husband because she saw as her brother did it to his wife and… well, it was worth mentioning that her brother was even more prejudiced than Draco and his family (and that was saying something) and he was very strict. He literally broke the hairbrush on her ass when he spanked her this one time their parents were out of the country and she pitied her sister-in-law. Pansy wouldn't want to have a husband like her brother. No. She wouldn't want to. But somehow the idea of being spanked by Granger turned her on and she could feel the thrill throughout her body.