Sirius, for the first time that morning, saw Remus' hazel-amber eyes – the same eyes he had thought about earlier that answered all of his questions easily. "What are you thinking about?" he asked, looking at Sirius through half-lidded eyes. "Hm? Oh, uh…" Sirius shrugged and smiled innocently. "Nothing really." Remus nodded weakly and looked at his surroundings. "Mhm," he murmured before looking back at Sirius. "And the real answer?" Sirius sighed and shrugged again. "Just…" He debated it for a second. "Just you," he answered. Remus frowned. "Me?" he questioned, obviously confused; Sirius nodded. "What about me?" Sirius shifted so that he was sitting up on the bed facing Remus, legs crossed as he played with Remus' long-fingered hand. "I was just thinking about the day we met," he said. "And how much of a prat I was. And sixth year – the Astronomy Tower. And when you punched Rosier." Remus stiffened slightly, always becoming a little worried whenever Sirius' depression was mentioned. Sirius wondered if it was because Remus thought that he was going through it again. He wasn't but he knew that, sometimes, it couldn't be avoided. And he knew that, as long as he had Remus and his friends, he was fine. Remus pushed himself up so he was in a seating position across from Sirius; Sirius continued to play with the strong hand as the werewolf spoke. "Why were you thinking about that?" he asked. Sirius shrugged and smiled sadly. "Because it was a low point. And I just…" He paused and looked up, catching Remus' intense concentrated gaze. "I didn't think help would come in the form of a person, but there you were…" Several emotions flitted over the werewolf's face – too fast for Sirius to understand them all but he picked up a few: happiness, gratitude, love and confusion. "Sirius…" "You saved me, Remus," Sirius interjected, giving Remus' hand a gentle squeeze. "I was just thinking about how lucky I was– am , to have you. If I'd never met you, my life would be a lot worse off." Silence reigned for a moment after his confession as they both just stared at one another. Remus' face was neutral and Sirius hated the fact that he couldn't read Remus as well as the werewolf could him. To everyone, Sirius Black was a riddle; you only knew his true feelings if he was angry or happy. But, to Remus, he was practically a children's book – easy to read even if he was pretending to be something else. To everyone, Sirius included, Remus was an enigma. He was aloof, guarded and uneasy to read. He always had a polite mask on. Sirius could read him sometimes but it wasn't easy. He had spent seven years learning when Remus was actually happy and when he was fake-happy. Looking at Remus as he was then, Sirius couldn't tell what Remus was thinking. He knew soon after, though, as in one swift movement, he was pulled by a strong hand on his neck into a lingering and heartfelt kiss. Sirius knew what the kiss meant. It was a show of thanks and love. Neither of them had expressed what they truly felt in actual words yet, but that just made the kiss all the more meaningful. It was a substitute, yes, but it was perfect for them. Sirius returned it eagerly, hoping to portray his feelings through the light lip-lock. Remus pulled back moments later and sniffed subtly, eyes attached to Sirius' lips, making Sirius smile. He reckoned he'd gotten his point across. Hazel-amber eyes looked up, then, and caught Sirius' cloudy grey. They stared at one another for a couple of moments before Remus leaned in again to place a short and chaste kiss on the Animagus' lips. He pulled back again and smiled. "You saved me, too, Sirius," Remus admitted. "You may not think you have, but if I hadn't met you, I couldn't say in all honesty that I'd still be here." Sirius grinned, feeling his heart thumping fast against his ribcage at the words spilling out of Remus' mouth. He knew the ultimate meaning behind Remus' words but he couldn't help but see the positivity in them. They had saved each other, essentially. Sirius had actually managed to, in some way, repay Remus for everything. They had a perfect relationship, one of give-and-take and support. That , he thought, was better than any 'I love you' . Wanting to show Remus how hard-hitting and how appreciated his words were, Sirius gently pushed Remus back against the hospital bed pillows and climbed on top of him, straddling the werewolf carefully. He was mindful of Remus' recent injuries – a large colourful bruise on his ribs and a couple of scratches (non-scarring, he added mentally) on his arms. He kissed Remus lightly at first, teasing the werewolf, before he deepened the kiss. Sirius had been truthful when he said those words to Remus; he hadn't expected help to come in the form of a person and he definitely hadn't expected it to be Remus. If he was honest, he hadn't expected help to come at all but he found he was ecstatic that it came in the form of Remus. On reflection, Sirius was glad of everything that had happened in his life. He was glad that he had been put into Gryffindor and he was grateful for Remus Lupin (and James Potter). He realised that, if he had the chance to go back and change anything – being sorted into Gryffindor, being disowned and his family finding out, being outed and bullied mercilessly, being so low that he was ready to jump off the Astronomy Tower – he wouldn't change a thing. Because, without all of that happening, he mightn't have gotten with Remus and been at his happiest. DISCLAIMER: I do not own these characters. NOTE: this is posted in 'A PostSecret Collection' too. Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoyed it! =)