little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out. "Well," said Dumbledore finally, "that's that. We've no business staying here. We may as well go and join the celebrations." "Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice. "I'd best get this bike away. G'night, Professor McGonagall – Professor Dumbledore, sir." Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself on to the motorbike and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night. "I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply. Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street. He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four. "Good luck, Harry." He murmured. He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak he was gone. The crimson owl, after making sure everyone had gone, suddenly flew up into the air before transforming into a young woman with blazing red hair and pale skin. Her high heeled shoes clicked softly against the pavement as she slowly walked towards the sleeping hero. A delicate smile crossed her lips as she looked down at his innocent face. She simply couldn't understand why Dumbledore would abandon a baby on the door step of people who obviously hated magic and everything to do with it. "He looks so innocent." She whispered, making a decision. Bending down, the young woman picked up the baby and began to walk down the street. She knew that the others wouldn't react well to what she was planning on doing but she could only hope that Lunares and Selena would be on her side, they both loved children. Taking one hand away from the small babe in her arms, the red head waved her hand in front of her causing the air around her to suddenly become visible and turn into a door. Opening the door, the red head stepped though and quickly found herself in the familiar house she had grown up in. She could clearly hear two feminine voice's arguing and decided to head in the opposite direction onto to be stopped by another young woman with dark blue hair and pale skin. The other woman took one look at the baby in her arms and pointed towards the living-room where the arguing was resonating from. "I'm not going to asssk until we have everyone to gethhher." The blue haired woman hissed. Sighing, the red head was pushed into the living room causing the fighting to stop as now both woman had their eyes trained on the baby. The eldest, a very muscular woman that stood at about six feet tall and had untameable brown hair, stared at the baby like it was an alien. "What are you doing with that?" She asked in a deep voice one could easily mistake for a man's. "I'll explain when Luna arrives okay?" "Fine, but this better be good or else." "What's going on?" An incredibly pale woman with silver hair asked walking into the living-room. The brown and blonde haired women just pointed towards Harry. "Kheai, where did you get a baby?" "It's not what you think," and with that Kheai launched into the story about Harry and where he was left. "So, let me get this straight, you took the baby off of the door step and brought him here in hopes we could raise him?" The brown-haired woman asked. "Please Cassandra? He has no one else to go to and I was watching his relatives all day the moment I recognised McGonagall's animagus form, they don't love him." Kheai begged. "How about we take a vote?" Luna asked looking around at the faces of her sisters. "Fine." They chorused. "All those in favour of taking in the young Harry Potter?" Three of them raised their hands leaving only Cassandra and the blonde woman to look annoyed. "So, we get to keep him?" "Yeah Kheai. We keep him." Nodded Luna happily. "Fine but don't expect us to baby sit if one of you is out okay!" The Blonde called watching the three who had voted for the baby to stay walk out of the room. "Well said, Kayanka," Cassandra nodded. "Now back to what we were going." And with that the two began to throw punches once more. Kheai and Selena, the blue haired woman, watched as Lunares created a nursery for young Harry. Selena couldn't help but feel giddy, each one of them had lost a child to him and this was their chance to raise one, even if he wasn't theirs biologically. "Thanks for agreeing to this," Kheai smiled. "No problem sis, we'll be able to teach him everything until he goes to Hogwarts. I only wish my daughter was here." Luna replied. "We all wish our children were here, but maybe having Harry here will help break the stone around Cassandra's heart." Selena smiled. "Maybe, we can only hope." End Chapter One: The Boy Who Lived… What did you guys think? It took me hours to write out the first chapter of the Harry Potter book but I wanted this chapter to be as accurate as possible. I hope you enjoyed it and I know some people will be happy to see Cassandra, Kayanka and Luna again. The next chapter should be up in a few weeks depending on my schedule considering it took me four days to finish this and I managed to end it at 1 am so yeah. Enjoy and thank you for reading.