reminded him of want all over again. He certainly didn't want to just surrender to this though. Well, he did. But he didn't. "And the killings will stop," he verified. "Case closed, Detective Potter," Riddle said, with what Harry could only consider unholy satisfaction. His jaw clenched. After a moment, Riddle kissed him again, harder this time. "It's really not so bad. As I said, it's even very enjoyable for you, as you certainly weren't complaining before. You keep your own mind and sense of self too, as well as your independence, so long as you're not so foolish as to deny us both in some misguided pride. There are, as I said, worse fates." Harry knew he had a thousand more protests than just that in his head, but – unsurprisingly in light of new information – he was struggling to think of them as Riddle's lips glided along his shoulder. He supposed that was rather the point. An Incubus, from what little he knew or had just picked up, was a creature and incarnation of desire. Everything about Riddle was designed to lure him and trap him, to tempt and corrupt. He wouldn't have been surprised if the demon's appearance changed to cater to the preferences of his victim of choice. It would explain why the bastard could seem so bloody perfect, even when he did this. Even when Harry suspected that the only reason the demon hadn't kidnapped him and kept him a more literal prisoner, was because he didn't have to. As Riddle had said. He wetted his lips, mouth dry. His head was spinning still. Either way, Harry had lost his freedom, somehow, between the first smile and the first kiss and now. "Just give up," Riddle urged softly, a peculiar gleam of scarlet visible in his eyes now as he stroked Harry's cheek. "Just give in to me." The Incubus' hips rolled up, slowly, just to unravel him more. "You tricked me into this," Harry accused. "I'm a demon. Were you looking for moral integrity?" Riddle's lips twitched. Harry glared, shoving himself away with great effort. Riddle watched him, head tilting once more. "Not even something to substantiate you whilst you try to run?" the bastard smirked. "A kiss is not going to keep you going for long. Go too far, Harry, and you won't get back in time. It would be such a waste." There had to be a cure. Something to lessen the effect. He refused to live life on a leash. Riddle didn't even look like a demon! Though maybe his appearance was masked. Or something. Harry wanted desperately to walk out, for a decisive exit – but common sense decreed that he should at least give himself a good head start. Or maybe Riddle was just in his head, whispering that it was common sense like the devil he was. Still, Harry needed food, water. And to be able to stomach those, he suspected he needed Riddle. Damn him to hell. It wasn't like before, or even how it had been at the beginning of the week. The kisses had revived him a little, but they certainly weren't enough and those eyes were telling him so. He swayed unsteadily on his feet. Riddle crooked a finger. "Come on. There's a good boy, let me help you." "I'm going to bloody well destroy you for this." Harry latched upon Riddle's lips like a drowning man. His new thrall was lovely like this. Tom had him frustrated and needy for bordering on three hours now. He'd noticed the first time that Harry wasn't the submissive type, and he'd quite liked that considering most fell to their knees before him at a touch and a whispered promise. It was refreshing. But he liked him like this too; eyes glazed and pupils blown as cavernous and hungry as any demon's. Every inch of him straining towards the necessity of his own pleasure, hands bound and legs spread as Tom took the time to catalogue every quivering part of his new acquisition. It had been an examination long enough coming. Tom had come to the conclusion that Harry suited his bed. The green silk really brought out those poisonous eyes. All in all – a veritable feast, laid out just for him. One he fully intended to indulge in. Harry's lips were permanently parted by harsh pants, soft moans and gasps and everything else that he could wring out until Harry was an exposed nerve of twitching pleasure. He'd written himself across the human's skin, painting his insides, wrapping his senses up and ensnaring them until there could be no doubt on the matter of belonging. "Please …" It was the prettiest thing he'd ever heard. Harry craned towards him, back arching. His voice was a desperate, cracked voice, roughened over time. Tom mouthed against flushed skin, palms smoothing over trembling calves as he lavished attention to hip, and inner thigh. Anywhere except where it was most needed, really. Harry's eyes fluttered. "Hmm. What was that?" He smiled against tender skin, feeling thoroughly satisfied with himself. He was a creature of insatiable appetite, it was true. Voraciously hungry, always needing the fire dancing in somebody's veins to warm him up and make him feel alive again. Harry's arms jerked with the desire to reach out. To touch, and take, and savour. Tom paused to stroke a thumb over his cheek, relishing the way Harry's head lolled towards him, nudging against him. Paused a moment longer to press their lips together, able to taste the desperation, the hovering pleasure so drawn out that it became a form of torture in itself. It was like a slow-cooked roast. He could practically see the heat rising from the boy. "Yours …" "Good boy." In the low flicker of light, some might have sworn to have seen the imprint of dark wings shadowed against the wall as he claimed his ill-won prize. And he was never letting it go.