what if we don't get paired together?" Rowan whispered. Albus paused for a moment, taking in his girlfriend's sad features. He reached up to stroke her hair, pulling her in for a hug. "We will," he murmured against her forehead. 'But what if we don't?" she asked, trying to pull away to look him in the eye. She wanted to see if he was telling the truth or not, but he only pulled her closer. "We will. Do you really have no faith in us?" he chuckled. She laughed a little and he finally let her pull away. "Of course I have faith in us. I just don't know how the Ministry is picking the partnerships." "I'm sure it's on compatibility," he answered. Rowan just nodded, pulling him in for a kiss. It was kind of salty and wet because at some point she began to cry, but it was okay because it was Al and every kiss she shared with Al was more than satisfactory. When they pulled apart, they exchanged 'I love you' s before parting ways. Rowan walked up the stairs and opened her door to their incredibly clean room. It was always clean because both Rowan and Rose were notorious neat freaks. All her friends were asleep in their respectable beds and even the pillows that were used as weapons an hour before were put neatly away. How could everything be in order when my whole world is falling apart? And why am I so convinced that my life will be ruined after tomorrow? she asked herself. Rowan sighed for what felt like the umpteenth time that night before changing and going to bed. She had trouble falling asleep and as the hours past, her mind was still racing with thoughts about the marriage law and the impending question: Who would her fiancé be? Rowan woke up after Rose as per usual. She groaned and rolled to the side, nursing her hangover headache. She found a small vial of green liquid; a hangover potion obviously made by Rose earlier this morning. She was always doing nice things for everyone, she was so kind. Rowan downed the potion and immediately felt the soothing effects of it. Her hangover wasn't too bad so Rowan was able to get up in no time at all. Shortly after Rose, Rowan, Hailey and Olivia made their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast. They sat with their usual group in the middle of the table, but this time none of them were eating. "I can't eat! How am I supposed to eat before my future is determined?" Rose shouted, throwing her fork down. It clattered unpleasantly against her plate. "Well, you take your fork, pick up some food, put it in your mouth and chew. It's quite simple really," Fred replied, cheekily, but even he was touching his food. Rose scowled and hit him with one of the many books she carried around. "I feel like I'm going to be sick too, Rose," Rowan agreed, holding her stomach. Albus rubbed her back gently. "Gosh, when does this breakfast end!" Hailey shouted, throwing her hands up dramatically. This caused a couple of chuckles, but the Gryffindors soon returned to their solemn attitudes. Several silent minutes later, the plates disappeared and McGonagall cleared her throat. "Attention! Good morning, students. If I could ask the students between the ages of 11 and 15 to please go to their first period classes, as indicated by their timetables." Majority of the hall's students got up and left through the huge double doors, all of them giving the remaining students sympathetic looks. "I am very sorry to announce- " McGonagall started before she was interrupted by Hailey. "If you're so sorry then why are you doing it?" Hailey asked. Taking note of McGonagall's hard look, Hailey added a very polite 'Ma'am'. Rowan stood up, suddenly. "I'm only 16, Professor! I don't want to get married! And according to this law I have to have kids by the time I'm 21! I can barely take care of myself," Rowan cried,she was near tears. And McGonagall seemed to be near tears as well, as if it pained her to see her students like this. Another student stood up from the Ravenclaw table. "I wanted to travel the world after school! I can't do that if I have young children at home," he shouted. Several more choruses of agreement were heard. "Enough!" McGonagall screamed, her voice shrill. The students sat down, shocked by their Headmistress' sudden outburst. "I'm sorry, but it's the law! I cannot do anything about it! "Now I will call the girls up one by one and you will be paired will then stand off to the side until given further instruction. If your partner does not go to Hogwarts then you will be flooed to them. Does everybody understand?" Everyone nodded. Mcgonagall nodded and grabbed a scroll. Professor Longbottom grabbed a stool and the sorting hat and placed them in front of the teacher's table. "Kelly Allen!" "Paired with George Finnigan!" "Poppy Aven!" "Paired with Luke Hollis!" Rowan turned and whispered to her group of friends. "I didn't think I'd ever be glad of my last name, but now I get to know sooner." Even though she said it, Rowan wasn't sure if she wanted to be one of the first to know. Rose groaned. "W. Honestly," she scowled. "Hannah Brown!" "Paired with Paul Southon!" "Rowan Barkley!" Rowan took a deep breath and gave Albus' hand one last squeeze before getting up and walking towards the hat. She felt everyone's eyes on her as she made her way to the front. She kept her head high and even smoothed her already smooth hair back. This is it, she thought as she sat on the stool. Merlin, this is worse than the sorting ceremony. Professor Longbottom placed the hat on her head. Who is my fiancé? "Yes, who should he be indeed," the sorting hat whispered.