shouting and cursing and finally a high, cold laugh – a flare of green light – the woman sobbed, before taking a steadying breath and looking down at him with warm, brilliant green eyes. Familiar eyes; eyes that stared out at Harry from the mirror the few times he had a chance to look into one. " Harry. Harry listen very closely." He always did. This wasn't the first time he had dreamed of her. Maybe she was a figment like Tom; something he created in search of comfort...but he was always grateful to see her. She looked at him like he was the most precious thing in existence. " Harry, mommy loves you. Daddy loves you. Harry be safe. Be strong." The door bursts open again. A tall, robed and hooded figure strode through it, and while he couldn't see his face he was sure there was a grim smile of satisfaction; the sight of someone who was finally tying up some loose ends. " No! Not Harry – please not Harry-" " Stand aside, woman – stand aside - " " No, please – take me instead, let me die instead, please, please-" Harry blinked out of unconsciousness several hours later. His back hurt when he tried to move, he hissed and screwed up his eyes. " You picked a lousy time to take a nap." "Please. You barely felt anything." " I don't get it. WHY won't you fight BACK ?!" Harry screwed up his eyes and focused on his back. He imagined the pain going away, the blood drying up, the criss crossing scars of the belt melting away. A soft warmth spread across his skin, and he found he could sit up without his mind turning to mush. "...Does it matter if I get hurt? Really, does anyone care?" " You – I care!" "You don't count. You're a fraction of my imagination." " I am NOT a part of YOU! I am Tom Riddle, the wizard who hates humanity, and I don't intend to die because you don't have the two brain cells to realize that those disgusting muggles don't have the right to beat you bloody because you possess magic!" Harry cracked a small smile. "...Thanks Tom." " ...What." Tom sounded so utterly, genuinely befuddled. It was like he'd never been thanked for anything in his short life. "I know you mostly care because you don't want to disappear, but hell – that's more than I've ever gotten from anything else. I don't mind if you're just a part of my broken brain. It's nice...to have a companion." " ...and now you're thanking the part of a person who killed your parents and calling him your only companion. I have officially seen and heard everything." "...What did you just say?" Harry rasped, sitting bolt upright and hitting his head on the lower stair. He winced, his ears ringing slightly from the impact. "What...what was that about my parents?" " Wait. You don't...you don't know?" Harry had the distinct impression that, if Tom was corporal, he'd be smacking the palm of his head against his forehead. " Wait, don't answer that, of course you don't know, those pathetic muggles haven't told you about your magic, why would they have told you about your parents?" So Tom explained everything to him. Everything. The childhood, the war, the blood powers that separated Petunia from her sister Lily and Lily from her fellow witches and wizards. He talked about Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and its meddling Headmaster, Dumbledore. He said Dumbledore thought he was Frisk; except without the power to restart the timeline and change any mistakes he made while questing for the 'right' ending. He talked about wanting immortality, wanting something that would separate him from the rest of the humans he despised. He talked about completing a ritual, and then getting lost in darkness. It turns out Tom was a fragment of a person – just not of Harry. He was the discarded humanity of the being now known as Lord Voldemort, literally stripped away from his body and soul by a ritual so dark Tom was unable to remember or speak of it. He had existed, continued, in the dark quagmire of Voldemort's shredded soul, until the day when the wraith went to kill James and Lily Potter. When Lily died for her son. When her sacrifice destroyed Voldemort and threw his dark curse back in his face. In that moment, the humanity of Tom Riddle was drawn to the baby Harry Potter and ended up as a voice in his head. Harry sat there for a long moment. He slowly absorbed this. Then he stood up, unlocked the cupboard door with magic, grabbed a raincoat three sizes too big for him off the wall, and walked out the door, closing it silently behind him. He walked into the darkness, hearing the crackling of the blood wards collapsing as he left his 'home' with no intention of ever returning. "... Where are you going? " "...Does it matter?" " You're taking this well." "Do you think so? I'd try to strangle you if you had a body." " I thought you didn't care anymore." "You know what I care about? That Lily Potter, for some goddamn reason, thought that I was worth dying for." Harry laughed. The noise was harsh, low and grating. "That is fucking hysterical. ME. How am I worth someone's life ? That...that is...insane. There is nothing, nothing about me that is worth something you can never get back...a life." " ...Then what are you doing?" "Going." Harry responded. "Going to turn myself into something that deserves my mother giving up her life." End Prologue So here's the skinny - Grey!Wandless Magic capable!Harry, Tom as the lightly ax crazy friend who recommends murder as the first solution, Ginny as Harry's -slightly- bonkers sister, and Tracey as the savvy sanity anchor. What do you all think? Read and Review please!