the bricks go by as he descended down the Ministry, paper airplanes hovering just above his head. With a ding, the doors slowly opened, allowing him to depart in the direction of the Auror department. He received an equal mix of greetings and glares, mostly dependent on the givers position on werewolves. Due to the almost excessive amount of times Remus had to visit the Ministry, he was nearly on a first name basis with over half of the workers. His quickly blossoming relationship with Tonks only helped to quicken his familiarity with the Aurors. Kingsley nodded his approval as Remus headed in the direction of Tonks. He seemed to be barely restraining himself from clapping Remus on the back, if the twitch in his hand and his feet were any indication. The werewolf quickly found the only person with shocking bubble-gum pink hair, and sat at the chair across from her as she worked. "Nice day?" He smirked. "Brilliant." Tonks replied, dotting her last 'i' on her paperwork before folding it up and sending it flying across the department. "I spotted four Death Eaters today - in the Daily Prophet that is." "You still get that?" "It's nice to see how the other ninety percent lives." Tonks said, grabbing her wand and bag before standing from her chair. Remus chuckled. "You mean oblivious to certain going ons in the world?" Tonks rolled her eyes as she nodded, leading him out of the department (Kingsley was still nodding in approval). "Where are you taking me for dinn-" She stopped abruptly as a rare sound passed through the department and the rest of the Ministry. Alarms echoed off of the high walls, creating a whiplash effect of never ending sound. Flames sparked near the ceiling in a brilliant flash of deep red, closely resembling the color of blood. "Warning!" The same voice that operated in the lifts called out. "The Ministry is under attack by unknown hostiles! All non combatants please proceed to the nearest secure apparition and floo points! All emergency combatants please proceed to the Atrium!" The message repeated on a loop as the fire continued to spark overhead, signalling a code red evacuation. "You don't think-" Remus began. "He's got balls, I'll give him that!" Tonks said as she began rushing towards the stairs, not bothering to try the lifts which were undoubtedly overcrowded. "Is little Lupin coming to fight off the Dark Lord?" She pouted, barely managing to run backwards. Lupin began to hurry after her. "Of course I'm-" A familiar sent, a familiar form, moved swiftly out of the corner of his eye, scurrying in the opposite direction of everything else. "I'll catch up." He called to Tonks, who raised an eyebrow before shrugging as she ascended the stairs (Tripping only twice). Quickly following the scampering shadow towards its destination, he came upon the door that lead into the office of the Head Auror. As it was around a corner from where he had originally set off from, he had not seen the perpetrator force the door open, wiping it clear off of its hinges. Carefully stepping over the wreckage, Remus smiled at the back of the too-familiar form. Standing at the back of the office, rummaging through the first file cabinet that had been forced open as well, was the stout figure of Peter Pettigrew. He looked much worse for wear, with patches of his hair either being missing or looking as if they wished they could die. His entire body was trembling as he searched for a specific file, finally grasping it in his hands. Turning around triumphantly, he was stunned by the sight of the calm werewolf that stood in front of him, who, with his lip curling deviously, magically stunned the culprit before he could slip away as a rat. Placing a few anti-animagus spells on him just in case he was able to wake up, he levitated his limp body out the door, chuckling a little bit as his head slammed into the door. Remus looked at his prize for a few minutes as the battle rage on upstairs, not wanting to interfere and somehow let Peter escape once again. After the sounds of the battle had died away for a while, he marched up the stairs, carefully levitating the body, once again laughing as his head bumped up every step. The rat deserved more, but a minor concussion would have to do for the time being. Forcing himself not to whoop in pure joy at the sight of the demolished fountain, he heard the traveling conversation that was happening on just the other side. "B-BUT WHAT ABOUT- WHAT ABOUT THE STREET FULL OF WITNESSES TH-THAT SAW HIM MURDER P-PETER PET-PETTIGREW?" He could hear the Minister of Magic babble along angrily. "I can help with that." Remus grinned as he moved Peter's body around the fountain, spinning it magically in its spot as if on display. The Minister gaped at the limp figure, his eyes moving from the man's face, to his hands, and then finally to Sirius Black, where his face hardened into a war between denial and acceptance. A few minutes later (And a rather disgusted Auror), the finger found on the street after Sirius's confrontation of Peter was magically matched to the floating figure before them, and the Minister giving an audible gulp. "C-can someone get some Veritasium? And can someone get working on the papers for the immediate declaration of innocence for Sirius Black, as well as… er… compensation?" The Minister rubbed his forehead with his eyes closed. "And can someone get me a stiff drink?" Sirius Black was free by early the next morning. A/N: Wasn't too bad, right? Chapters are about 4,000 words (Or more like this one if that's how it happens to break up), and I'm looking at fifty-ish chapters or so if all goes well (Or until I lose the last inch of sanity I still possess; whichever first). Constructive criticism appreciated!