taught to do." Neville defended. "And thanks to us we have all this to work with. The only thing in your bag was a trunk full of trunks, your tent, and those magical food bars." Neville said with a smirk. "True, I do feel like I came to a potluck without a pot." Hermione said. "At least you had all that AK47 ammo and guns and stuff. I literally only have books, some MREs, and a trunk full of trunks." Abby said. "Don't feel too bad about it. You're normal. I am not. On the up side if I ration out my cigarettes I can keep smoking Marlboro Reds until the company starts making them again. If they make them. Shit I hope this timeline is like ours but with more magic." Harry said pulling out his gold cigarette case taking out a cigarette. "Please can you not smoke that in this room?" Hermione asked. "Okay. Oh, I forgot to add my mission vehicles. I have my 2015 BMW M3, 2015 Jeep Rubicon, 2013 Ferrari 458, 2009 Mercedes e500, 1986 Buick GNX, and my 1969 Boss 302 Mustang. I also have my Ducati Scrambler, and my 23 foot Hacker craft gentlemen's racer speed boat." Harry said opening his gold pill box to show off his cars. "Also don't forget the aircraft. I have my P-51 Mustang, my F5-E, and my Gazelle helicopter." He added lifting out the tray to show off the shrunken aircraft. "With your two planes, the Learjet from your bag, and Neville's Spitfire, Hawk 200 fighter jet, and his Gazelle we have air travel covered." Hermione said marking it down on the list. "Oh I forgot I have my car with me. Add a yellow 2010 Corvette Z06 to the list." She said pulling the shrunken car out of her jacket pocket. "Nice. You're a speed freak?" Harry asked. "Not really. It was my grandfather's car. He loved it almost as much as he loved me. He died five years ago and left the car to me." She said smiling a sad smile as she looked at the matchbox sized car in her hand. "Sorry to hear about that. Maybe we can buy some land in the middle of nowhere and build a track so we can take our cars out for a spin. For now I guess we're going to have to stick to horses but that's going to be inconvenient. If we're constantly going to be on the move building up our Shipping company then taking care of a horse is going to be tough." harry said. "I may have a solution to that, let me look into it. But I think we need to take a few weeks and figure out what we're doing here. Are we going to stay out here in the middle of nowhere? Are we going to move to a big city? Are we going to attempt a trip to the UK? These are all things we have to figure out. Also, just how crazy is this world? Are we talking about our past with a few dark creatures? Or are we talking about a land of magic and fairies." Hermione said. "Well I think we need to hit the sack for now. It's close to four in the morning and I've been up for the last three days straight." Harry said vanishing the empty plates and collecting the silverware. He walked into the kitchen and dumped it in the sink, when he came back out Hermione and Neville were gone. "They said they were going to bed in the blue room." Abby said finishing her beer and vanishing the empty bottle. "Then that means you're in the gold room. Let me show you to your room." Harry said leading her out of the dining room and down a hall passed the living room. He stopped at a door and opened it showing her a white room with big gold furniture. There was a big king size bed with a gold headboard and white bedding. Gold nightstands, a gold and white fainting couch, and a gold writing desk with a gold and white chair. "It's a bit…" She paused to come up with a good word to describe the room. "Gaudy? Ridiculous? Overly flashy? Yes it's all of that. I took this furniture from a drug kingpin. It's where I got my Ferrari. It looks a bit flashy but the bed is super soft and the sheets are egyptian cotton." Harry said walking to the door on the other side of the room. "This is the bathroom. It's white marble and gold to keep up the theme. You can open your tent over here and get your things or you can stay in your tent, it's up to you. I'm in the bedroom at the end of the hall if you need anything and Hermione and Neville are next door. See you in the morning." Harry said walking to the door. "Harry, I just wanted to say thank you for coming to rescue me, and also thank you for your hospitality. I know I'm an outsider for now, but I hope that one day soon I'll be a part of your family too. It's like you said we're stuck together." Abby said with a awkward smile. "Relax Abs, you're fine. Now get some rest." Harry said closing the door behind him as he walked out of her room. Harry entered his room which was painted dark green and had big dark wood furniture. There were swords and antique flintlock guns on the walls and a six foot stuffed dragon's head on the wall over the fireplace. Harry took a hot shower and passed out on his big four post bed. As he drifted off a thought hit him. For the last twenty years he always had something to do. A job or task to complete. For the first time in a long time he didn't have shit to do tomorrow.