and fireplace. Everyone stacked their presents all around Alina, who sat cross-legged in the large armchair facing the rest of them on the couches, barring Felix, who sat next to her and handed her the gifts, decidedly in order from largest to smallest, followed by the one that everyone pitched in to get. The first was a handmade wooden trunk from Geoffrey, wrapped entirely in the comic pages from newspapers, and very carefully so that she could read them all, like he apparently did every year. Next were a cello and a violin, once again handmade, but from the twins, with several extra sets of strings and a pair of bows each, then several different sketchbooks of varying sizes, and several replacements for paintbrushes she'd worn out that year from Richard. Along with that came from Stephan a carrying case for all of her art supplies, again handmade, with different compartments for different supplies, and one enchanted to hold whatever she put in, from books to (theoretically) a piano. They had to stop her from testing that theory to receive her gift from Joe, she got a tricorn hat, oddly enough, and a large, heavily ruffled white shirt. This odd combination made her incredibly excited for a reason that was lost on everyone but the Aussie, who just smirked. Dominique had given her several odd instruments, none of which any of them but Jesse and Alina had recognized, Felix had given her four pairs of plain white canvas slip-on shoes, and Jesse and his girlfriend-now-fiancée, had given three plain silver rings, a large hoop earring and a binder filled halfway with graphing paper. Now was for the group gift, but before they gave it to her, Stephan asked, "Mother, can I have a word?" Curious, Augusta followed him across the hall to the music room, where he closed the door behind him. "Firstly, I swear to you that I planned to ask you this before we got to the gifts, but as that did not work out well, as I didn't actually know I would be home late, I want you to know that you can absolutely decline this request if you feel it unreasonable. Now, as you've hopefully gathered by now, Alina is eleven this year. I've already arranged with Dumbledore for her to go to Hogwarts, and the ten of us plan to move to Brittan for the duration of her time at school. However, we haven't quite figured out where we'll be moving, which will naturally depend on where we get jobs and things like that, but would it be at all possible for us to stay on one of the properties until we can figure out a more permanent location?" On any other day, even a few hours before then, this request would've made Augusta absolutely furious. This boy hadn't visited in fifteen years, and here he wanted to use one of the family properties? But the circumstances had changed. He now had a family (of sorts) and he was only doing what was best by them. He had asked her to talk, face to face, in order to ask this question, and asked away from the others so that she could refuse without feeling too guilty, and from the looks the others had given him, they didn't know he was asking. In the process, he'd also given her access to his life, what he could, without violating his housemates' privacy, probably so she could see just what she would be getting herself into if she did decide to help him, and if she didn't, she at least knew where he'd been all this time. The situation wasn't ideal, but he'd done what he could to be fair, to everyone, and she could see no fault in that. "Alright." He had been incredibly nervous asking her this, that she could plainly see, but his entire face lit up when he heard her answer. "Really?" "Why not; it's just Neville and I in the old place now, and it would be a shame for him to never know his uncles." She said it offhandedly, but if possible, he looked even happier at her use of the plural. She could tell that she'd be seeing a lot more of this bunch, even after they moved out. As Augusta found herself swept into the arms of her prodigal son, she felt all of the worry he'd caused her these last years just slip away. After a long moment, he let her go and quickly schooled his expression, the way she'd taught him growing up, and reopened the doors. They found Alina, who'd let her long hair out of it's bun and donned the tricorn hat, dancing crazily with Geoffrey to Jesse's piano playing. After the song ended, they bowed, and noticing Augusta and Stephan, sat back down. "Ready now Steph?" Asked one of the twins, only playfully mocking. "Of course! Give it over Felix!" Alina's eyes widened when she saw the gift one of them had disillusioned. It was a book bag, much like the one she already had, but with the Hogwarts crest embroidered on the strap. Her eyes widened and she grinned. "You mean it?" Her eyes flickered from face to face, looking for something. "Look inside." Richard replied, trying to hold back a smile. Her grin stretched from ear to ear as she started pulling out a variety of objects, stacking them haphazardly around her. Textbooks, some old, some new, several quills with different tips, ink of different colours, rolls of parchment, and finally; the letter. The second she saw it, she launched herself into the nearest person, in this case, Felix. She made her way around the room, hugging and thanking everybody, even Augusta and Kate, before sitting down to organize everything. Augusta watched her fondly, in spite of herself, but still noticed when Richard pulled Stephan aside to see what they were talking about before. She smiled. This was going to be bloody stressful.