things to keep yourself entertained." Harry's sister stated matter of factly before reaching out and giving Harry his first ever hug. Harry was shocked. Not only did the imaginary sister idea work, but now she was hugging him and he could actually feel it! Who knew that imaginary friends could give you real hugs? Harry didn't really care about how she was doing it, all he cared about was the fact that he was enjoying his first ever love-filled hug. "So, Harry, what's up? Whatcha doin?" His sister asked when she broke the hug after several wonderful minutes. "Nothing much." Harry replied. "Just trying to get over how cool it is that I finally have a sister. And trying to think of a name! Oh crap! I spent all my time thinking about how to make you real, that I didn't even think about what to call you. What is your name?" "I don't have a name yet, silly." His sister said with a smirk that changed to a full faced grin. "You haven't given me a name yet. I would like to help you select a name for me, though. That way I don't end up with a name like Daisy or Penny. Yech!" Harry's face flushed red because those were two of the names that had actually been floating around in his mind as good names to use. "Sure, sis. Any ideas what you would like to be called?" And so the back-and-forth conversation began between Harry and his Sister. It took quite a while, because they both had lots of fun proposing ridiculous names just to get the other person to laugh. Never before had Harry enjoyed himself so much for so long. Always before his moments of happiness were incredibly brief, but this time the happiness lasted. Harry's favourite memory of his life to date was when the discussions were finished and he was able to say, "I love having you as a sister. Lucy Anna Potter." Now that they came up with a new name for Lucy, Harry went to sleep for the night. When Harry woke up in the morning, the real fun would begin, and soon Harry would find out how special he really was and begin to learn what he could do and how to control his new skills. To be Continued! Author's Note: Once again I would like to first apologize for this rewrite, but as I said in my Forum, 'I read the story to see how I can continue it, there are parts of the story I didn't like and I thought hard before I decided to do this. If you are a writer, I think you can understand where I'm coming from, you read your work and found out that you don't like your work for whatever reason and so do one of two things. 1) You abandon the story. 2) You either rework, edit or rewrite the story all together. Me I'm reworking the story, the plot and most what you see will still be there, but I'll be add a few new ideas and characters into the story.' Not only that, but as I wrote the chapters of this new version of Overlord Vulcan, I came to see how bad the other two version was. The chapter of Harry's Childhood alone was awful, I think you would have to agree, as it lacked detail of why things happened, like the reason why Harry became dark as he was. It didn't show enough to make Harry's character believable, I hope that this version make it more so. Either way, I would also like to apologize for the long wait, but I had writers block along with the muse not willing to work with me. But now that this is up, I would like to thank you all for reading this new version, and I hope you like the start of this version. I hope you like the way how I wrote how Lucy came to be. It was something I wanted to do before, but until now I wasn't able to think to do so, so I hope you like how I brought Lucy into Harry's life. I hope you give me a few minutes and review, as I would like to see what you think of this version. I'm suspecting them, but I would like to ask - though I doubt it'll do much - but please no flaming about rewrites, as I already explained about that. I hope that the extra detail about how Lucy came to be will make up for the rework of this story, and get me a few good reviews. I was going to wait until I've done Harry childhood saga before posting, but as I done the Interlude for this story, I've got requests that I wanted to ask you and so posting it now. But I do have a few chapters done, and so it won't be too bad. Now whilst I've already got chapter one, Interlude (which is in three parts,) chapter two and three done, and starting on with chapter four, I'm after ideas for the rest of Harry's childhood, for anything that I might have missed during that time. And if there's anything from the last version that I can make better, please let me know and I'll see what I can do and fix it. One last thing, I would like to ask if you all could check out my old Beta Readers, I AM ZE BETA's and SuperNova's, story: Harry Potter: World at War. It's posted under I AM ZE BETA'S Penname on fanfiction dot night and hpfanficarchive dot com, so give these guys a read for all their hard work please! Next Chapter: In the next chapter will be the start of Harry's Childhood Saga, in this chapter we'll see Harry finding out about his powers, and we'll see a small glimpse of the new group Harry'll be facing later in the story.