things then," Sirius said. "We'll be leaving in ten minutes." Alex and Draco nodded, finished their breakfast, and then left to go get their trunks and owl. Ten minutes later, everyone was in the sitting room surrounding a leather torn glove. Mr. and Mrs Tonks was staying, and using the time to say goodbye to the Mrs Tonks hugged both boys tightly, which was a surprise to Draco who was unfamiliar to it. "Oh, you boys be careful, will you?" Mrs. Tonks said, letting go of Alex who nodded as Mr. Tonks. "And remember to write." He said. "Alright, everyone grab on," Remus said, and him, Alex, Sirius, a now dressed Nymphadora, and Draco touched or grabbed the portkey. Alex felt the familiar feeling and felt the tug just behind his navel and had been suddenly jerked irresistibly forward. He could feel himself leaving the home of Mr and Mrs. Tonks and was speeding forward in a howl of wind and swirling colour; and then, his feet slammed into the ground. Everyone expect Alex manged to stay on their feet. Alex looked around as he stood up. They had landed on a patch of unkempt grass in the middle of a small square. It was a little warm and humid, and the sun had yet to come up. As he looked around, he felt the grimy fronts of the surrounding houses were not welcoming; some of them had broken windows, glimmering dully in the light from the streetlamps, paint was peeling from many of the doors and heaps of rubbish lay outside several sets of front steps. "Where are we?" Draco asked, back on his feet; but Sirius said quietly, "In a minute." Remus was rummaging in his cloak. "Got it," he muttered, raising what looked like a silver cigarette lighter into the air and clicking it. The nearest streetlamp went out with a pop. He clicked the unlighter again; the next lamp went out; he kept clicking until every lamp in the square was extinguished and the only remaining light came from curtained windows and the sickle moon overhead. Alex looked at the unlighter in fascination. "What is that?" "It's a Deluminator," Remus answered, pocketing the item. "We borrowed it from Dumbledore; it'll take care of any Muggles looking out of the window. Now come on." Alex and Draco grabbed their trunks while Dora had Alex´s owls, and Remus led the group from the patch of grass, across the road and on to the pavement. A pungent smell of rotting rubbish came from the pile of bulging bin-bags just inside the broken gate. "Here," Sirius whispered, handing a piece of parchment towards each of Alex and Draco's hands. "Read it quickly and memorize it." He said, holding out a lit wand towards the two boys. Alex and Draco looked down at their pieces of paper. The narrow handwriting was vaguely familiar. It said: The Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix may be found at number twelve, Grimmauld Place, London. "What's the Order of the -?" Alex said quietly. "Shush!" Sirius shushed. "Wait till we're inside!" He pulled the piece of parchments out of Alex and Draco's hands and set them fire to it with his wand-tip. As the message curled into flames and floated to the ground, Alex looked around at the houses again. They were standing outside number eleven; he looked to the left and saw number thirteen; to the right, however, was no number twelve . "I don´t get it. It not here." "Think about what you saw on the paper." Lupin said in a low voice. Alex did as his old professor had told him, and suddenly Alex could see a new bundling next to number 11 and 13. It was amazing it was like the building had just popped up between the two others, even though there hadn´t been any room before. "Come on, let's go," Sirius said, prodding Alex in the back. Alex walked up the worn stone steps, staring at the newly materialized door. Its black paint was shabby and scratched. The silver doorknocker was in the form of a twisted serpent. There was no keyhole or letterbox. Lupin pulled out his wand and tapped the door once. Alex heard many loud, metallic clicks and what sounded like the clatter of a chain. The door creaked open. "Come on, boys, get in quick," Sirius whispered, "but don't go far inside and don't touch anything." Alex and Draco stepped over the threshold into the almost total darkness of the hall. They could smell damp, dust and a sweetish, rotting smell; the place had the feeling of a derelict building. Alex looked over his shoulder and saw the others filing in behind him, Sirius, and Dora carrying Archimedes in his cage. Remus was standing on the top step releasing the balls of light the Deluminator had stolen from the streetlamps; they flew back to their bulbs and the square glowed momentarily with orange light before Remus backed inside and closed the front door, so that the darkness in the hall became complete. "Now stay still, everyone, while I give us a bit of light in here," Remus whispered. Alex heard a soft hissing noise and then old-fashioned gas lamps sputtered into life all along the walls, casting a flickering insubstantial light over the peeling wallpaper and threadbare carpet of a long, gloomy hallway, where a cobwebby chandelier glimmered overhead and age-blackened portraits hung crooked on the walls. Alex heard something scuttling behind the baseboard. Both the chandelier and the candelabra on a rickety table nearby were shaped like serpents. It looked as if no one had been here in ages. "Anyone else here? And where is here? "Alex asked Dora. "We are the only ones here," she answered. "and we are at the house of the most noble and ancient house of Black." … Chapter end. … I hope you liked the chapter, please leave a review to let me know what you think.