of James' death. "He said to me, 'I forgive you Pete'. Simple as that as he breathed his last and I moved on to see Lily die and the Dark Lord vanish, not even trying to help her and honor one of my best friends' memory. A best friend who forgave me in the face of my ultimate betrayal." He groans before going on, "Then I went on and let Sirius go to Azkaban for what I did, another of my best friends betrayed and now he's gone to because of me. I'm the worst kind of scum, the cowardice Gryffindor. I'm no lion. I'm not even a snake. I'm a rat. That's why I'm asking you to kill me, kill me before I kill them and so many others." She looks up at him wide eyes pleading what her lips cannot, 'no! Don't take me from them! From all that I know! All that I love! Harry and Ron are all I have left, they need me! I need them !' She'd already lost her parents, she was oliviated from their lives by the work of her own wand, she didn't have much left to lose and here he was taking it all from her anyway. But he refuses to look into her eyes as he slowly approaches her, "I'm sorry to have to do this to you Miss Granger," he confesses as he inches closer still, silver Time-Turner outstretched in trembling hands. "But the loss of your life as it is now is a necessary evil if the result is a You-Know-Who free future, don't you think? Think of it Miss Granger, you can end him before the second war even begins. The brightest witch in several generations surely possesses the prowess to do so." He gives her an apologetic smile in an attempt to placate her as she sputters incoherently on the floor, Merlin's moldy toe rag she hated not being able to speak. She manages to stutter out a feeble, "P- p- please," as he takes the final step towards her. "I'm sorry Miss Granger," he repeats as he begins to slip the silver chain that has now come to symbolize her doom over her defenseless neck. Silver linings definitely aren't a good thing, she thinks as her eyes plead to him in a frenzied panic, the thin silver lining he was putting around her neck led to the end of this life; she would never again 'look for the silver lining' in a situation as her mother and Muggle proverbs recommended. They were, silver linings were, the end, not the beginning, not the good in the bad, or light in the dark. They were gloom and death and loss. "Think of all the lives you'll save, your sacrifice is not in vain Miss Granger," He tries to reassure her with a pitying look. She hated pity, especially from him, but even she pitied herself at this point. 'My sacrifice?! This should be yours to make' her eyes demand. But admittedly she knows he lacks the knowledge and skill to do what he's asking of her and he must to. "I'm sorry Miss Granger," he reiterates with a pleading look that begs for the forgiveness she will never give, no matter how pure the motivation he has in doing this to her. Then he lets go of the Time-Turner and she's falling, back, back, back as it nestles between her breasts to rest over her heart. Hermione lands with a thud on the dirt floor of a shack. She can't even look around, still immobilized by the after effects of her very recent torture and the disorienting symptoms of time travel. She moans as she sees the flashes of magical duels around her, taking small victory at the fact that she managed to produce sound from her stubborn throat. "H- hello." She gets out in mere whisper as the flashes die away and dark robed, silver masked figures retreat in puffs of billowing black smoke. Eventually someone, two someones really, approaches her, wide brown eyes obscured by shaggy red fringe as the drink in her dreadful state. Stocky red haired twins with brown eyes , she thinks in relief "Fred! George!" She whimpers in an exclamation of joy, Peter Pettigrew had failed to send her back in time! Eyes widened further at her in confusion, who were Fred and George? The two men wondered, surely she didn't mean their new born nephews? Yes that's impossible, they shrugged that theory off as they observed the mysterious women before them, her tattered clothes and wild honey eyes telling quite a story. Wait did her arm say Mudblood?! Hermione opened her mouth to tell the twins that she was okay, that they need to go rescue Harry and Ron but all she got out was, "H- Harry-" before the events of the day caught up with her and she passed out with an agonized pant on the rough ground. Yes, little did she know she was in for a rude awakening whenever she recovered from her current crucioed hell. The twins turned to each other as one asked the other, "Who the fuck are Fred and George?" The other shrugs in acknowledgement of his ignorance on the matter. "Who the fuck is Harry?" The latter's lookalike shakes his head in a signification of 'I have no bloody clue mate.' "Who the fuck is she?" They wondered in unison, both sets of curious eyes returning to the petit girl in question. AN: Hi everyone, so I love Sirius and Hermione and all SBHG fics but I have yet to find one that fits what I have in my mind perfectly so I have decided to write it, yay! Hopefully you like it and don't ignore it because the monotony of it being another Time-Turner fic it will be different from the rest I swear. Drop a review for me please, we fan fiction writers really like those. =) Wub, 3lw