the Marriage License and the hospital records—it's Joanna, Bones's daughter, who grew up to be a historian. This is my first foray into the world of Star Trek: fandom. It's a bit more technical than I expected—huge respect for people like AngelBaby1 and rayrae118, who have written several exquisite fanfics in this fandom. (Probably sending up all kinds of red flags for the people who monitor searches on the internet. XD) But it's pretty entertaining, writing a Little!Jim. Title: Fury's Stresses Series Fandom: MCU (Marvel Cinematic Universe), Percy Jackson Summary: Fury is generally a pretty reasonable guy for the Director of a spy—sorry, intelligence—agency. But even he has to pull out his nonexistent hair when there's HYDRA and a good third of SHIELD's agents' loyalty is to a distant cousin. Status: Part I: Loyalty, Family, and Quietness—Complete. 1,826 words Part II: Loyalty, Family, and Madness—Complete. 1,638 words Part III: Loyalty, Family, and Snarkiness—Complete. 3,932 words Part IV: Loyalty, Family, and Deadliness—In Progress. 1,004 words Genre: Family, Humor, Adventure, Tragedy, Angst, Mystery Projected Word Count: ? "SHIELD is compromised." "Who the hell is this?" Nick Fury demanded. Dry laughter echoed from the other line. "Does it really matter when it is HYDRA who guards your back and runs your missions?" "How do you know this?" Amusement was laced through the other man's voice: "There are those loyal to SHIELD, those loyal to HYDRA, and those loyal to me." Fury stared at his phone in disbelief as the man hung up on him. His personal phone. The one that only five people had the number to. Why on earth would someone call him to tell him that SHIELD had been compromised by that someone's people and HYDRA? It made no sense, unless that person downright hated HYDRA and wasn't concerned about that someone's people who were in SHIELD's headquarters. That meant that they were highly trained, by both SHIELD and the person on the phone. "Phil?" Maria guessed. "What?" Fury said, jolted from his thoughts. Maria straightened. "That wasn't Phil." It wasn't a question. "No," Fury agreed. "It was a warning." The only question was whether SHIELD had gained an ally or an enemy. LINE BREAK SHIELD already had mandatory physicals each year. For the field agents, they had physicals each time they came back from a mission and every six months. No one had had the same kind of physical, and it wasn't uncommon for Fury to sit in on a few. He had been Director for years. If he hadn't learned how to listen, talk, and do paperwork all at the same time by now, he never would. Fury started with one doctor, one of the best, whose physical was overseen by Hill. He was given a shot, full of truth serum rather than whatever Hill had told him it was, and asked who his topmost loyalty was to. The man, whose last name was Solace, looked startled at the question and replied willingly: "My cousin. He's my dad's uncle's son, which would technically make him like a second cousin once removed or something, but I refer to him as 'cousin' to keep it simple. He's pretty cool." "Why is SHIELD not your first loyalty?" Fury asked curiously. "Because family comes first, no matter the distance," Solace said immediately. "SHIELD is a pretty close second, though, if it helps." LINE BREAK Over the next few weeks, Fury found it very interesting that all of those who didn't name SHIELD as their first loyalty named a nameless cousin of varying degrees of relation (he'd heard everything from a simple 'cousin' to 'my mother's grandnephew') instead. Or HYDRA, but he wasn't too concerned about it, now that SHIELD's purification process was underway. Fury had drawn a family tree of the very strange family, as near as he could figure. There were three main people: the man who had a bunch of children, who also had a bunch of children; the woman who had a couple of children; and then the other man who only had the single, solitary child. The single, solitary child was the man they were looking for. Sure, there were quite a few scattered people of relatively the same age that also claimed to be related that were on the far edges (like the three siblings had an aunt, and then those four had children and they were all within a couple of years of each other somehow), but Fury would figure it out. The man who saved SHIELD would probably not stay very quiet for very long. And then he would see how on earth this family worked. And where the hell were the parents ? LINE BREAK Notes: So, messing with Fury is so much fun. The above is pieces of the first in the series, and though there's no need to actually know about Percy Jackson for this one, you definitely need to know it for the rest. Also, the Kanes (from the Kane Chronicles, also written by Rick Riordan) will make their appearance, but you needn't have read the books to understand it. I explain it. Or rather, Carter explains it. :) So there you have it! Fifteen stories that are pretty fleshed out but not completed (for the most part). It only took almost ten thousand words to post this with an adequate sneak peek for fourteen out of the fifteen stories mentioned. If you like one (or two, or three) over the others, tell me! I don't really want to post something that hasn't been completed (because I tend to jump from story to story and fandom to fandom), but I will, given enough of a response. Also, if you wish to take something of mine and run with it, send me a PM. I'll send you the rest of the story. If you haven't posted the resulting story before a full year runs its course, or if I've posted the story, permission to use my idea is revoked. Full disclaimer. Toodles! Ruby