spoke in his head, "A Malfoy, eh? I haven't seen the likes of you in oh- 30 years? Better be Slytherin, yes?". "Not Slytherin," he thought urgently, "Anywhere but Slytherin." "Not Slytherin? It's a time honored family tradition. I have sorted generations of Malfoys, and I've put every single one in Slytherin. Your brethren were all so eager to pick up the mantle. But you think you're different, yes?" "NOT SLYTHERIN," Scorpius thought more fiercely. If his father could be wrong about this, he could be wrong about everything. Just because he was a Malfoy, he didn't think it was fair that he should automatically be in Slytherin. The hat was doing what everyone was doing: judging him by his name, and not himself. "You are bold, boy, and you're right, you know. There's more to you than your name. I can see that, here in your head." "GRYFFINDOR!" The Sorting hat decided. Instead of the typical applause, the hat's proclamation was meant with an alarming buzz, as hundreds of students turned to their neighbors in confusion. Not in two hundred, five hundred, or a thousand years had a Malfoy ended up anywhere but Slytherin. No one really knew how to react to a Malfoy in Gryffindor house. Scorpius peered uncertainly at his new housemates, and made his way over. Realizing their rudeness a little too late, the students of Gryffindor house clapped, albeit perfunctorily. Al's cousin, Freddie, scooted over and made room for him on the bench. He was sitting next to a boy who looked so much like Al, that Scorpius guessed at once must be James. Scorpius smiled nervously at him, but James had an unreadable face and he turned around as "Mervin, Ophelia" stepped up to the hat. Soon, it was Al's turn, and Scorpius crossed his fingers under the table for his new friend. He needn't have worried, however; much like Macmillan, the hat had barely grazed the top of his unruly black hair when the hat shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!" The cousins all broke out in thunderous, drowning out everyone else. Albus raced to the table, nearly tripping over his own feet, and his brother scooted over to leave him a place on the bench. Ignoring his brother, Al continued on and took the seat on the other side of Scorpius. The Potter boys exchanged loaded looks, but Scorpius's heart swelled. He did believe he had found a friend. There was, however, another great shock when Rose, of the red headed Weasley's, was sorted into Ravenclaw. Her family was outraged, naturally, but she blushed and smiled when she walked over to the congenial Ravenclaws, all dressed in blue and looking smug. It was an upset night for Dynasties all around, it seemed. The Headmaster, stately Professor McGonagall, stood up and cleared her throat. Despite her cane, she stood proud and tall, and had an intimidating demeanor that made Scorpius think maybe he didn't want to be on her bad side. "Let us not eat as strangers. Tonight is a night for making new friends, and reuniting with old ones. We gather as one for a new school year, so I say to all of you, welcome and welcome back. Please note that the Forbidden Forest is still, as always, out of bounds, except without a staff escort. "Weasley's Wizard Wheezes," she eyed the Gryffindor table sternly, "Are STILL banned on premises, and Madam Pince has asked me to warn- er- inform you that she has a list of unreturned library books from last term and will be pursuing all overdue students." She almost smirked. "I am also pleased to announce a new addition to our staff, former Gryffindor Quidditch captain, Hogwarts Quidditch cup winner, and former keeper for Puddlemere United, Oliver Wood has joined us as Quidditch coach and flight instructor at Hogwarts." She looked fondly at a burly sort of man with thick eyebrows and a thatch of salt and pepper hair. He grinned sheepishly and gave a small wave. "And now, dear students- tuck in!" All manner of delectable foods suddenly appeared on the table before them, and both Scorpius and Al gave a start and then laughed; both had been expecting it, but nothing quite prepares you for the first time every food your eleven-year-old heart could desire appears out of . thin air in front on you. With matching grins, they dug in and enjoyed the feast. After everyone was properly satiated and bursting to the gills, the various houses dispersed. They followed a prefect- who so uncannily looked like the pretty Dominique, she could only be the remaining Weasley cousin, Victoire- up several flights of stairs and to a portrait of a large lady dressed in pink. After giving the password, (curmudgeon,) the Gryffindors ambled their way past the cozy common room, and up to their various dormitories to turn in for the night. Scorpius was pleased to find his bed immediately next to Al's. They shared their dormitory with several other boys and introductions were made sleepily, as everyone changed into pajamas; Theo Jordan, Matthew Carpenter, Alfie Thomas, and Quintinian Fimbultyr. Again, Scorpius received weary looks from his classmates, but the presence of Al bolstered his confidence. The four-poster beds were warm and inviting, and Scorpius slipped underneath the warm sheets. In his dreams that night, he was on the Hogwarts Express again, as it started pulling away. The only figures on the platform were his mother, father, and the little red-haired girl. His mother and the girl waved while his dad stared in stoic silence. How would Draco Malfoy react when he discovered his only son was a Gryffindor at heart? Scorpius brow furrowed in his sleep, and he clutched his pillow tight. In his dream, the train started gathering steam, and both his mother and the red-haired girl chased the train around the bend, while his father stood and watched, his features blurred and unreadable. Suddenly,the train launched into the sky like a bird, and they were gone.