Amused, I said, "Melody Carter." "Ron Weasley." Ron said. "Harry Potter." Harry said, bewildered. "Really?" Hermione said, astounded. "I've read all about you. You're mentioned in Modern Magical History, The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts, and Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century." "I am?" Harry asked, surprised. "Well, yes of course. Do any of you know what house you might be in? I personally hope I'm in Gryffindor. I suppose that Ravenclaw would be okay, too. We'll probably be there soon. Melody has the right idea, putting her robes on early. You two should as well." Hermione said, then left with Neville. "Well, whatever house I go to, I hope she's not in it." Ron says, frowning. I smack his arm. "That's rude. She's just talkative." I say. The boys started to talk about Quidditch and Ron's older brothers, when the door opened. Three boys, one of them I recognized, came in. The middle boy was the one I had bumped into when I was trying to find a seat. "Is it true that Harry Potter is in this compartment? That's what they're saying all down the train. So, it's you, is it?" He was looking at Harry. "Yes." Harry said. The blond boy looked at his two companions. "These two are Crabbe and Goyle." He said. "And I'm Malfoy. Draco Malfoy." Ron snickered. "Do you think that my name is funny?" He drawled. "I don't need to ask who you are. My father has told me all about the Weasleys. Red hair, freckles, and too many children to afford." He turned to Harry again. "You will find that some wizarding families are better that others. You don't want to make friends with the wrong ones." He continued. "I could help you." He held out his hand. Harry didn't take it. "I can do that just fine on my own, thanks." "I'd be careful if I were you, Potter. If you aren't more polite, you'll go the same way your parents did. They weren't aware what was good for them either. You hang around with people like the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and you'll turn out just like them." I stood up, anger flashing in me. "Say that again!" I say, my fists clenched. Draco turned to me. "What did you say?" I took a step closer to him, rising to my full height. "I said say that again." I repeated. You wouldn't know it by looking, but I was pretty strong for my age. He and his companions laughed. "Oh, look, girlie's gonna fight us. How amusing." He said, and Crabbe and Goyle chuckled. Then, so fast that he wasn't able to stop me, I slapped him. "I'd think twice before you insult my friends. And my name's Melody Carter, not girlie. Now go away, before I do something worse than slap you." I say, clenching my teeth. Draco rubbed his cheek, pure shock on his face. Then he smirked, lowering his hand. "But we don't exactly feel like going away, do we, boys? We ate all of our sweets, but it appears you still have some." Draco said, getting his swagger back. The boy named Goyle was reaching for a chocolate frog near Ron. Ron and Harry both lept up, but before either of them could react, Goyle yelped. He withdrew his hand, to show that Scabbers was hanging on the end of it. Swinging his hand around, he managed to shake Scabbers off and he went flying onto the window pane. With that, Crabbe, Goyle, and Malfoy disappeared, leaving the compartment door open. Shutting it, I sat back down. Moments later, Hermione came in. "What just happened?" Hermione asked, seeing the food littered on the ground. "What do you want?" Ron asked looking annoyed. "I thought I said that you should put your robes on. I just went up to the conducter and he said that we're nearly there. You weren't fighting, were you?" She asked suspiciously. I shrugged. "All I did was slap Draco. And Scabbers bit Goyle's finger." Ron scowled at Hermione. "Would you mind leaving? We have to change, as you said." "Alright." Hermione said, frowning at the fact that they weren't also telling me to leave. She left, and they put their robes on over their clothes. We followed everyone else to the front, where a crowd was gathered, waiting for the train to stop. We all got out, and the cold air suddenly hit me. The only warmth I had was Grace, she was curled up in my arms, giving off large heat waves. I heard a booming voice echo across the dark platform. "Firs' years! Firs' years over with me!" It said. "Alri' there, Harry?" I saw who was talking and gasped. A giant man, clearly visible over the crowd was beaming at Harry. "Come on, follow me, any more firs' years? Mind yer step, now. Firs' years!" He said. A large crowd of people, all seeming to be first years, followed the big man. "Jus' 'round this here bend, you'll see Hogwarts for the firs' time." He said. Like everyone else, I gasped in awe. A huge castle loomed out from the darkness. "No more 'n four to a boat!" He called out. There was a fleet of small boats that he was pointing at. I climbed in after Harry and Ron, then Hermione joined us. "Oh, Harry," I say, suddenly remembering. "Who is he? The big man that seems to know you." "Oh, that's Hagrid," Harry replied. "He's nice." "Righ' then, if everyone's in, we'll be off. Forward!" Hagrid said, and with that command, they moved forward simultaneously. As we moved, I looked down into the lake. The great expanse of water awed me. I even thought I might have seen a mermaid. Finally, when we got out, we climbed up a passage, following Hagrid's lantern. After going up some stone steps, we reached very large oak doors. Hagrid knocked three times and they swung open.