in. Frowning, she began rummaging around under the sink for her box of potions. A box that Dawn had stashed under there for her days before. Spying it, she went to pick it up and winced loudly, "Yikes!" Two strong hands appeared behind her and reached for the box. "You know better than to try to lift anything." Came the gentle scolding tone of her wife's Scottish brogue. The box was placed on the vanity in front of her. Feeling a light caress against her check, Hermione gazed up into concerned, loving emerald eyes. "Heya." She whispered as she sank into the comforting embrace of her wife. "How are you feeling?" Snorting, the young witch muttered, "God awful. I need the red bottle and the green bottle." Minerva obligingly grabbed the required bottles from the box. Turning to her wife, she raised an inquiring eyebrow. Sighing, Hermione said, "I had Dawn put these in here a few days ago. I figured they would be needed at some point." She widened her eyes for Minerva to see the broken blood vessels. Holding up the red bottle, she murmured, "That's what this is for." Unscrewing the cap, she downed it in one large gulp. Minerva watched as her wife's eyes slowly returned to normal. Hermione turned back to look into the mirror and said with a grin, "Vizeenus Potion. Gets the red out." Hermione had settled onto the sofa in the nursery. Minerva was carefully handing a mewling Michaela to her wife when she heard someone knocking at the main door to her quarters. She also heard as Dawn went and answered it. "Hey Butterfly! Wha'cha doin' here?" Hermione grinned, "Looks like Ro made it back." Minerva growled, "She had better not be sporting any love bites." Rolanda Hooch peeked into the nursery, "And why not?" The Headmistress of Hogwarts pulled herself up into the most regal, dignified and fearsome stance she could muster as she replied, "Because we do not prance about showing off our trophies like a common trollop! Not in front of the children. We have an example to set." Dawn strolled into the nursery, "Relax Stick. I checked her out. I also told mum that you'd be right vexed if she marked up Ro like last time." The youngest Granger watched in amused fascination as Hooch turned an amazing shade of puce right before her eyes. Minerva's mouth had fallen open in astonishment and Hermione was cackling like a mad hen. "Well alright then.. uh I'll be going now." Hooch literally ran for the door. Innocent as you please, Dawn turned to watch as her sister nursed her niece, "Doesn't that hurt?" "Poppy! You here?" Madam Pomfrey pulled her head out of her supply cupboard as she heard Hooch's distinctive deep voice, "I'm here." "I need you!" The tone of Hooch's voice left no doubt in Poppy's mind that her help was urgently needed. Slamming the doors closed to her supply chest, she rushed out of the tiny room to discover Madam Hooch gently placing an unconscious student onto a cot. "What happened?" The spike haired witch shook her head, "He was too forceful while saying, "Up" and his broom knocked him out. I think his nose is broken too." Shaking her head, while softly tutting in sympathy, Poppy waved her wand and the youngsters uniform changed to comfortable pyjamas with tiny teddy bears on them. Hooch snickered at seeing that. Poppy frowned, "What's so funny?" Giggling, Hooch pointed at the bears, "He has teddy jammies!" Poppy snorted, "I seem to recall you having Pooh Bears." Red faced, Hooch vacated the hospital wing. After Michael had finished nursing, Hermione carefully burped him, then placed him beside his sister in the gently swinging cradle. Dawn walked back into the nursery, the front of her jumper wet from wiping off baby puke. Narrowing her dark eyes at her smiling sister, she groused, "You coulda just scorged me ya know." "The word is scourgify." "Whatever." Hermione grinned, "Someday my dear sister, you too shall know the joys of motherhood." Dawn scrunched up her face, "Dirty nappies? No way!" The young woman shook her head in disgust and turned to leave. Stopping by the door, she said, "Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you. A large packet came for you at the clinic. This giant black owl showed up and scared the bejeezes outta me." Frowning, Hermione asked, "Where's it from?" Sighing, Dawn replied, "Some guy named Pennyworth." With that, she disappeared out of the door. Hermione stared down at her children, a frown marring her lovely face. Pennyworth? David Pennyworth? What would the head of her former medical school and now head of St. Mungo's want with her? Curiosity killed the cat or in this case a lion as the young Gryffindor moved as fast as her healing body would allow. She walked into the living room to find Minerva and Dawn sitting in front of the fire enjoying a cup of tea. "I need to drop by the clinic for a moment. Can you look after the babies?" Minerva's nostrils flared, "You are not supposed to be gallivanting about." "I'm not gallivanting Tabby, I just need to pick up a packet that came for me." Hermione replied trying to keep her voice calm. The last thing she needed was for Minerva to go all protective on her. Smiling, she said, "Tell you what. I'll have Doodleberry pop me in and out okay?" At the mention of his name, the tiny elf appeared at Hermione's sleeve. Before Minerva could utter another word, Hermione also said, "Oh and by the way, I think they might be close to their first poo too." With that she grabbed her elf's claw and together they disappeared. Minerva and Dawn stared at the spot where sister and wife had been standing just a moment ago. Slowly, they looked back at each other as Dawn whispered in a voice filled with doom, "First poo?" -to be continued