that money back as well as a fine for the theft. That is something we can do without the courts getting involved." "Is there going to be an audit involved as well? Griphook said that old families have other things in the main vaults other than money." Ragnorock nodded at that and wrote that down. "We will call back everything that belongs to you and put it in your heir vault. Dumbledore will also be fined 1,000 galleons for every item that is a Potter heirloom. These will also be made public knowledge which will be issued in the Daily Prophet. Since both of you are high profile people, it will probably make the front page, so be prepared Mr. Potter. You are going to see just how important you are. I suggest that when you get your school books, that you also get books on wizard law, customs, history, as well as mind magicks. These will help you in the future." Harry nodded his head in understanding while trying to think of anything else he might need. In the end Harry decided to just see whatever caught his attention. "Do you happen to have my parent's wills?" "No, but we will find it and have it read. You will get an owl when we are ready." "How is that going to work since all other mail hasn't made it to me?" "We are giving you a mail box free of charge for the next ten years. After that it will cast the yearly 5 galleons. All mail will be redirected to the mail box and check for any curses, hexes or potions attached to them and nullified with a report. The box only handles incoming mail. All outgoing mail will be dealt with your own owl that you can find in the pet shop on Diagon Alley. That is all that I have on your accounts at the moment. Are there any other questions before we go further with your legal representation?" "How long do you think it will take for the investigation? I'll be going to Hogwarts soon." "As the last living heir, you can inform your head of house that you have business with us as long as you give them a 48hrs warning. If they stop you, they can be arrested for interfering with an Ancient and Noble house. Remind them of that and they will back off. You'll also get a portkey, which is a form of transportation, which will get you here once you're outside the Hogwarts' gates with an activation word. Now, for your legal counsel. When your parent's wills are read, Dumbledore is going to be in trouble. How much will depend on how much of the will he disregarded. The least we'll get is a number of fines and him be discredited. The best we can hope for is him losing one or more of his positions in the ministry and possibly his headmaster position if we can swing it as him being a danger to the other students. Do you have any questions or anything else to add before taking you to our healers?" "Yes. My relatives didn't really treat me with the best of care." Ragnorock narrowed his eyes at this. The mistreatment of children was something every goblin and wizard took seriously. It was one of the few things that both species agreed with. All children were to be cherished and treated with care. "For all of my stay there, excluding the last week or so, I've lived under the stairs in the cupboard." "WHAT! Those filthy muggles dare to treat a child like that?!" Harry leaned back within his seat. He had a feeling that this part of the conversation was going to raise the goblin's blood pressure. "Umm, you might not like the next part I'm about to say." When it looked like Ragnorock got control of himself, Harry gave him an overview of what he lived through. The starving, the beatings and neglect from his relatives as well as the two times he tried to get help only to be beaten and thrown into his 'room' for days on end with only water and a handful of bathroom breaks so he didn't completely stink the house up. Harry also told about the impossible chores he had to do and the punishments he would get when he didn't complete them or did them wrong. By the time Harry was through, Ragnorock looked like he was willing to hunt down Harry's relatives. It took a while for Ragnorock to calm down enough to talk somewhat calmly to Harry. "We will get the evidence we need from the healers and then charge them with child abuse. We have contacts in the muggle world to do this. Then we will go after Dumbledore as best we can, but as I said, he is well connected. At least this will set him up for future attacks when we are presented with an opportunity. A man like him probably has more secrets that need to be brought to light." The furious look Ragnorock gave made Harry almost feel sorry for Dumbledore. Then he thought about his life and it was immediately scorched. "I'll call a runner to lead you to the healers while arranging everything else we've talked about." Harry gave his thanks and was then lead towards the healers. Ragnorock took a breath before getting to work. First with ordering a total work up for Harry, have a portkey made, and then have one of the wizards working for Gringotts to take Harry around to get everything. After that the legal aspects needed to be started on before Ragnorock could go back to Harry's account along with the fifteen other accounts that were robbed from. Riphound was so going to pay for this and Ragnorock wasn't going to give him death until after everything was sorted. And with all of his other duties, it was going to take a while.