that he didn't care anymore. Marlene was lying to him, she was lying to herself and that frustrated him more than he'd ever care to admit. He couldn't pinpoint the exact moment when he'd started to notice Marlene more but he could name the exact moment when they'd started their little fling – after his parents had thrown him out, he'd turned up at James's house and Marlene had been staying there for a few days to get away from her parents who were going through a fairly violent divorce. Fabian had been away on holiday and Marlene, it seemed, had needed someone just as much as Sirius had. It was now over a month later and Sirius couldn't help finding excuses to bump into her again and again. Nothing she said seemed to sway him, in fact, it did the opposite. The more she insisted they needed to stay away from each other, the more they seemed to run into each other and it always ended the same way. In need of a distraction, Sirius decided to tease Dorcas, who was currently staring at Mary and Gideon who were engaging in a very affectionate reunion. "Missing Remus are we, Meadowes?" he jibbed lightly, trying to get a reaction out of her. She just shot him a dirty look as Alice chuckled. Dorcas was way too superior to let Sirius see anything beside the turn of her lip in disgust. Sirius was perfectly comfortable in their mutual mistrust and dislike of each other. She put up with him because she had to and he put up with her because she was a Gryffindor and that made her worthy in the eyes of the marauders. He didn't have to like her. Remus on the other hand seemed to like her, based on the fact that he'd been in constant correspondence with her all summer. They had only found out who the endless stream of letters was to because Peter had stolen one before Remus could post it and had promptly dropped it in shock upon seeing who it was addressed to. Sirius sighed. He wished the other two marauders were here, it wouldn't feel like such a couple's fest if they were. Even if Remus paired off with Dorcas (the traitor) Sirius would still have Pete. To take his mind of yet another thing – the idea of couples was depressing – Sirius turned to Alice, the only person here whose other half wasn't with them. He liked Alice, respected her even. She was small but ferocious enough that she'd managed to keep the marauders on their toes for a long time. She was also the Prewett twin's cousin and that afforded her a status in Hogwarts that Sirius could sympathize with. He hated the feeling of having to live up to other people's expectations but Alice had done pretty well for herself. "So Prewett, is Meadowes secretly dating our friend Moony?" Alice laughed. "I wouldn't tell you even if I knew." "That just means yes," Sirius said triumphantly. "I never thought he'd be your type Dorky, he's a bit too... you know, sensitive?" Dorcas snorted in an unattractive way. "I wouldn't expect you to get it Black; it's not exactly your strong point is it?" Sirius threw his hands up in the air, "and here it is again! Sirius doesn't know two things about relationships so he won't understand!" "You said it, not me," Dorcas smirked, appearing satisfied that shed ousted him. However, Sirius was not one to back own without a fight. "I might not know much about relationships Meadowes, but I know quite a bit about our dear friend Moony." Dorcas pursed her lips and Sirius knew he'd won as soon as she muttered "stuff you, Black." Once insults were exchanged, it was usually the end of the argument with her. "That wasn't nice," Alice muttered to him as Dorcas shot one last glare in Sirius's direction before going to join Marlene, who to Sirius's delight was looking a bit miffed at being left alone with Fabian. Sirius glanced back at her before shrugging. He'd never cared to save Dorcas's feelings before, he didn't know why he should now. She was tough. Tougher than most girls he knew. "She does actually like him, you know," Alice said quietly. "So don't be too harsh. It's a bit of a touchy subject at the moment." "Why?" Sirius frowned, puzzled. Last time he'd seen Remus; his friend had been pretty pleased with how things were going. Alice looked around and lowered her voice even more. "Well it was all going well as far as I heard, the last week they met up and he was all funny with her. That sort of thing can be really upsetting and it's got to her." Sirius grimaced. He should've guessed this would happen at some point. Remus would get cold feet and guilty about his many secrets he was keeping and things would go downhill from there, it was a familiar pattern that Sirius had seen his friend go through more than once. Alice seemed to sense that he knew more than he was letting on but she just pursed her lips and said warningly. "If you say anything to anyone, I'll personally hunt you down, you got me?" Despite her height, Alice was intimidating. Sirius nodded, agreeing not to breathe a word of their conversation to anyone, especially not Remus. Sirius thought he might mention something to his mate though, just to push him in the right direction. After all, this was Dorcas Meadowes they were talking about here and while she might not be Sirius's type, she was probably more than Remus would ever dream of getting. So yeah, I will be doing a 5 review before next chapter thing but I thought I'd get the first couple up before I got serious about that. I hope you've all enjoyed and if you do review, know they'll be up significantly faster! :)