gaze and sighed, looking to the hallway when the girl met his eyes. "Who is she, anyway? I've never seen her, at least, I don't think." I commented, my voice hushed so she wouldn't hear us. "That's… Regina… something, we met yesterday," He said, lowering his voice level as well. It would have been very bad if the girl found out he couldn't even remember her full name. I examined the girl. She had blonde wavy hair, blue eyes and a straight nose, her skin tone was weird, like she had tanned it too much. Not exactly pretty. That's not what shocked me, what did was that she couldn't be older than fourteen. I turned my killing glare on Black, who at least had the decency to take a step back. "How old is she? Does she even go to Hogwarts?" I hissed, taking a step toward him. Before he could answer the girl cleared her throat and we both turned to look at her. She stood up and fixed her dress, which was the same she had been wearing last night, of course, and walked toward us. A confident look was on her face but I could tell she wasn't feeling so confident. "I'm Regina Niké, and you are?" She asked me, offering me her hand. "I'm Meredith Potter. It's a pleasure to meet you, Regina," I said as I shook her hand, my manners winning over my disdain. I was slightly surprised over the fact that she had asked for my name. If she went to Hogwarts she'd know who I was. Sure, I wasn't wearing any make-up or fancy clothes at the moment but it was still me. "I do go to Hogwarts; I'll start my fifth year in September." She added. I almost flushed out of embarrassment. She had heard what I said, how more embarrassing could this be? And she was polite enough to introduce herself and act like she didn't know me. She tugged at the hem of her dress and I felt bad for her. I remembered what it was like to be fourteen, last night was probably her first real party and she had gone home with no other than Sirius Black. That was practically going from peasant to duchess in a matter of seconds. Then a thought occurred to me. What if she had been a virgin before tonight? I really hoped not. Your first time should always be with someone special, someone you knew would treat you right, someone you trusted . Not with a boy who wouldn't even owl you to wish you a happy new year. "Well, that's great." I muttered. "Um, you know what? I just wanted to use your floo network. I'm going over to Marlene's." I turned to Black, who was trying to contain his laughter at me, there's no doubt. "Ugh, shut up." I shoved him and he lifted up his hands, still not talking. Regina stood between us, glancing from Black to me and again and I got the feeling she was feeling a little left out so I turned around and started walking down the hallway to the living room. "Don't tell anyone I was here, only James." I called over my shoulder. Once I stepped into the chimney and grabbed enough floo powder, I yelled the address as clear as I could and disappeared in green flames. ... "What if he hates me? He sure does. This is awful, Mere, he's one of my closest friends. Why do I have to be such a whore?" Marlene whined as she buried her face on her pillow. I was sitting next to her, Urania sitting in my stretched arm. I hadn't sent Lily's letter yet but I'd do that before I left. Since I came here, Marlene had done nothing but whine. No matter what I said she wouldn't believe me when I repeated over and over again that Remus had probably already forgiven her. "Mar, he doesn't hate you. And I assure you, you are not a whore." I consoled her. She peered at me from under the pillow and pouted. I smiled at her reassuringly. She wasn't a whore, people were just idiots. She slowly sat up, her blonde hair was all over the place with freeze and her make-up was smudge so she looked like someone had given her a black eye. I shook my head and grabbed my wand, moving my arm so Urania would fly away. She squeaked and shot me a look but flied to the window sill. With a twist of my wand Marlene's face was clean of any make-up and with another her hair was perfectly combed. "There, all pretty," I told her and she smiled at me. "Ugh, you are the best." She gushed as she hugged me and I laugh, hugging her back. "All better?" I asked and she nodded. "Good, wanna go see if James's still asleep? We could wake him up... by pouring cold water into him." She giggled and nodded, walking to her bathroom so she could get dressed. I walked over to the window sill and gave Urania the letter for Lily. She flew without me having to tell her where to go and I watched until she disappeared into the horizon. A/N: so, new story. this is written around the marauders sixth year at hogwarts and will continue throughout the entire first war and maybe the second I'm not sure yet. it might or might not be canon, still not sure, but most likely will. this is how i picture the characters, maybe they werent like this at all, i dont know. we dont know. but, anyways, i've discovered i'm in love with all of them and this story came up. as to meredith and her family, it is known that the potters were supossedly a big family, so there is a possibility of james having a cousin. anyway, enjoy and review/ favorite. i'd love that. xoxo, me.