through her nose she said, "Harry please don't start." Harry made an sound of annoyance as he looked back at his food. After breakfast, the trio headed down to the dungeons for Potions class with Slughorn. It was a pretty small class mostly filled with Gryffindors and Slytherins, not the best combination but what could they do? Harry and Ron flanked Hermione, their robes bellowing after them. Ron and Harry were having a heated conversation about Qudditch which she paid no mind to. Taking her attention elsewhere her eyes caught something. White blonde hair. She looked up to see Malfoy walking alongside Blaise Zabini and Theodore Nott. To an onlooker he was walking with his usual arrogance but Hermione noticed a falter in his false demeanor. His eyes no longer bore bags and his hair combed and put in place along with his perfectly pressed school robes. Their group was walking a few steps ahead of her. Zabini and Nott were quietly talking to each other and Draco was silently following them. As they came to the door of their class she saw Draco took a notice of her presence. Her breath hitched as she saw his steel grey eyes boring a hole into her deep chocolate ones there was a hint of embarrassment and resentment in his eyes. She didn't miss the way his jaw clenched tight and his hands wound up into fists. Hermione didn't know what she was expecting. Of course her and Malfoy won't be the best of friends. If anything she would've thought that he hated her even more. Great, another thing she could add to her list of Why Draco Malfoy Hates Me. Not that she could care about what that asshole thought. But, in fact she did care. She didn't understand and she wanted to understand. Being the brightest witch of her age she couldn't look past of "letting it go". Hermione wanted Malfoy to see that she didn't hate him, she didn't pity him nor will she use his moment of weakness against him. Stepping though the classroom door her and the two boys took a seat farther away from the Slytherins. Not too far to where she could catch a glance at Draco. He seemed reserved and quieter. Zabini leaned over to tell Draco something and all he did was stare straight ahead. Knowing that it would be a loss cause, Zabini gave Draco and annoyed look and turned to Nott. "Good morning class!" Slughorn's voice greeted the students. Everyone went quiet and greeted the professor back. Slughorn went into a quick introduction about himself. "Would someone please tell me about the Draught of Living Death?" Immediately Hermione raised her hand. She raised it up so quickly it jolted Harry almost out of his seat, her hand barely missed Ron's cheek. "Yes, Ms..?" "Granger, sir." She finished for him then continued, "The draught of living death is an extremely powerful sleeping potion whomever drinks it will go into a deathlike slumber. It is a difficult potion to brew." She rushed out. "Ah yes, perfect. 10 points to Gryffindor. Quite right this potion is extremely difficult to brew, but when done correctly it is very dangerous." Slughorn made his way around the table and started to unscrew a vile. "Sir, what is in that vile?" Seamus Finnegan asked. "Oh, my dear boy. This is known as felix felicis also known as-" "-liquid luck." Hermione blurted out. "Precisely Miss Granger, this is my gift to whomever can brew the perfect pot of Draught of Living Death. Now please, off to your cauldrons and happy brewing!" Hermione's hair had become wild and a huge ball of frizz at the end of their potions class. To her surprise and annoyance, Harry ended up brewing the perfect batch of draught of living death. Much to her dismay she eyed Harry's book, or rather the Half-Blood prince's book in his hand as he received his vile of liquid luck. Despite Harry being her best friend she didn't agree with this Half Blood Prince. She re-read every instruction in her textbook three times over. She just couldn't pinpoint what went wrong. The class started to pour out. Begrudgingly she went over to pack her things as she noticed Ron and Harry were waiting for her at the door she told them they could go on without her. Looking around the room Professor Slughorn had already made a quick getaway before she even realized it. Hermione turned to see Draco there. He was slowly packing up his things. Seizing her chance to finally know what is really going on with him she walked up to him. Draco's eyes took notice of her feet then traveled up her body. Finally their eyes met and Hermione couldn't help but hold her breath. "What is it Granger?" he drawled. "Malfoy, I just wanted to know if you were-" she was cut off. "If I was what, Granger? It's none of your business. Now I suggest you run along with your Gryffindork friends." He sneered. He made his way to stand. Hermione started to fume she blocked his way, "What is your problem?" Draco narrowed his eyes, "My problem is that you are too nosey for your own good! You have no right to know what was going on in my life and I certainly don't need someone like you to be poking around." "Someone like me? Do you mean a mudblood?" she hissed. "Look Malfoy, I don't get what your deal is but I take back even showing you the littlest sign of remorse." She grabbed her things and darted out of the door without a second glance at him. Enemies, that's what they are.. Enemies don't show any kind of care in the world for another so why was she? Well that was the question wasn't it? Why did she care for her sworn enemy? With that last thought she wiped her tears that were threatening on coming down her cheeks.