Pandora's own creation. She would want you to have it," he quietly suggested, speaking as one would to a small child. Xenophilius' eyes watered, the tears brimming and then slowly cascading down his sallow cheeks. "I will never know what she wants again. She was my world, Albus. I can't bear this. The way it happened too…it…" "It was painless. You must comfort yourself with knowing her last moments were painless, Xenophilius. She didn't know it was going to happen. It was a tragic, tragic accident." Albus lifted his teacup and took a small sip, keeping each movement deliberately calm, but reeking of sorrow. "Are you sure, Albus? Would she have really felt no pain?" he pleaded in response, his eyes wide and begging for a small reprieve from his own torment. "I am quite sure. Be comforted that it is the case." He sipped his tea again. "I will never know comfort again. She was my comfort. Everything I have, and am, was made so by her," he whispered, the tears falling heavier. Albus gave him time to compose himself again, offering him silence as he thought on his next words. "What you are experiencing is understandable. To lose such a great love...it is a cruel twist of fate that you have been dealt. She was a brilliant woman, her mind a great treasure. I admired her greatly, and will forever be indebted to her. She will always be missed." "Yes," he agreed, "she will always be missed. Always. I think of her every moment. It will haunt me, and I'm glad it will. Anything to keep her alive in some way," he stated, his voice littered with heartbreak and stuttering breaths of longing. Albus nodded sagely, looking down at the table for a moment, before tilting his head, just so, to pierce the other man with his twinkling blue gaze. "Xenophilius, for a time, it may help, but grief can consume you. It is a burden to move on, and a burden to remain in its hold...you must seek your happiness." Xenophilius' eyes grew glassy, confusion, at first, then acceptance flashing in his gaze. He stood to leave, and half turned towards the door before Albus spoke out once more. "The sooner you seek it, the sooner you will be free of your pain. Don't remain locked in your grief; it is within your grasp to be happy again." Albus watched the broken man hear his words and quietly leave, his footsteps becoming surer the further he walked away. All would be well. ~O~ Xenophilius went home to Luna, giving all that he had left to bring joy to the rest of her day. For dinner, he made her food into the shape of a happily smiling face and danced and twirled with her in his arms under the moonlight. He read her as many stories as she requested for bedtime, and then laid next to her sleeping form, caressing her golden locks and murmuring his love for her against her temple. He made his way into the bedroom that he had shared so many blissful years with his heart and soul, seeing memories flash of her being there with him. He took the potion from his bedside table and drank deeply, not wasting a single drop, before he laid down on Pandora's pillow and smiled, knowing he would see his happiness soon. Luna woke early, and as she often did, she drew what had happened in her dream, before going to rouse her father from his slumber. It helped her to channel her thoughts into her art. If only to forget, just for a little while. When she finished, her bare feet made their way to the spiral staircase in the center of the room, leading up to her parent's bedroom. Her small hand reached up to grasp the railing, her other holding her new drawing, as she carefully ascended higher and higher. When she reached the threshold of the room, she stopped and looked at her father's prone form, so very unmoving, on her mother's usual side of the bed. She was only five years old, but she was afraid, and she let her tears escape because she knew. People were never that still, even in sleep. She remained standing there for hours, her legs pricking from the pain of not moving for such a time. She didn't move because she didn't want it to be real, and she didn't know who she could turn to for help. The sun was shining down and casting larger beams of light through the open window as it moved across the sky, warming her aching feet. She didn't startle when a hand gently came to rest upon her shoulder, nor did she turn from staring at her father. Albus didn't acknowledge the child's dead father in the room. Instead, he gently turned the little girl to face him. "May I see your drawing, Luna?" She wordlessly passed it to him, and he quickly looked at the image of a boy with a scar, holding a sword, in a battle with a giant snake. He couldn't have hidden his pleased grin even if he had tried, not that he did. "How talented you are, my dear. Are there any more?" Tears leaked from Luna's eyes and she brushed them away with the back of her sleeve, sniffling and hiccuping as she gazed up at the old man. "Yes, I have lots," she whispered. She left the doorway vigil and went to her room, collecting a handful of parchment full of her work, her little knees trembling from the walk, after so long being still. Albus took them from her offered palm, smiling and gazing down at his new little treasure. This was what he had hoped for, longed for, and finally, it was all his. His blue eyes twinkled, hers growing large and glossy as he took her hand and led her away to her new life. All was well.