the Gryffindor lockers, his feet racing as fast as his heartbeat. He opened the door, finding her standing there in her towel; just as wet now from her shower as he was from the rain. His hair was stuck to his face, his breathing ragged as he moved towards her. Ginny didn't move as he pushed her wet hair away from her face, his hands on the back of her head. He pulled her towards him. Her eyes refused to close as he pressed his lips to hers. She gave in, her hands clutching at his waist. His lips felt feverish as he deepened the kiss. Frantically exploring her mouth. Trying to taste as much of her as he could before he dragged himself away. She was warm and soft under his fingertips, he could feel her breathing heavy as they kissed. Her hands holding onto him as hard as he was to her, fingers knotted in the weave of his jumper. He didn't want this feeling to be over. He was light headed, like he was finally breathing after years of living underwater. Eventually he pulled himself away, both trying to catch their breath, foreheads resting against each other. The overwhelming shock of what had happened came over him. He backed away and raced towards the door. Leaving her standing there again, just a towel wrapped around her and her lips tingling from what they'd done. Ginny meandered back up to the common room. Trying desperately not to think about Malfoy. She'd taken her time getting ready after he'd left. Hoping no one would notice her slipping into the tower. Hoping she could sneak past everyone. The game had taken most of the day so it was early evening by now. She'd missed dinner already. Glancing out of the windows on the fourth floor she could see the weather had lifted, the sun setting over the mountains in the distance. At least the rain had finally stopped. She could hear the noise from outside the portrait hole. The celebrations were going to go on late into the night. Entering the room she could see half of her team in one corner, taking bets with a large variety of Bertie Botts in front of them. She wanted to scourgify her eyes when she saw Ron kissing Lavender furiously in one of the great arm chairs. Harry and Neville were chatting on the sofa by the fire with Dean, who was pulling the feathers out of one of the sofa cushions. At the other end of Dean's sofa was Seamus, whose hand had wandered up the knee of one of the girls in his year. The look on Dean's face lifted as Ginny made her way over to them, plopping herself down between the flirting couple and Dean, proceeding to whisper in her boyfriend's ear. She pretended to say something much more flirtatious than she actually was while imitating nibbling at his ear. "I'm starving, fancy going to the kitchens and grabbing food?" Her act was enough that Ron emerged from his entanglement with Lavender, making a small squelching sound as he disengaged. "Do you have to do that right there Gin? It's gross watching my little sister feel up one of my mates." She stared in disbelief at him as he indicated to her hand on Dean's thigh. "Yes. Absolutely, let's go!" Dean had stood up, grabbing Ginny's hand with him and marched her quicker than she thought possible back out of the portrait hole. "Hypocrite," she whispered under her breath at Ron. As soon as they left the tower Dean let go of Ginny's hand. "Thanks for saving me back there," Dean nodded back towards the portrait hole, "not sure I could have stood it much longer." "Not a problem, what are fake girlfriends for?" She winked at him while grinning broadly. She and Dean had begun dating at the end of the summer, but she had soon realised how not into her he was. It didn't take them long to work out the set up they had now. Him getting an alibi while she got to piss Ron off; it was a win-win situation. And Dean always managed to relax her, he cheered her up when no one else could. "You know, you should tell him at some point?" "Why? It's not like it would make a difference," Dean shrugged. "Might stop you getting yourself into those awkward situations." "What awkward situations?" Dean smirked at her, "there are no awkward situations here!" She threw her head back and laughed, most of her tension from earlier seemed to have washed away. "You know, the ones that push you to the brink of standing up and shouting at him: I know you're my best friend but I am in complete and utter undying love with you!" Even Dean laughed at that, "Maybe… but I'm not sure he'd take it too well. You know how he is." He stopped laughing, resignation changing his features. "Anyway, what about you? Still trying to confess your feelings to Harry?" She scrunched her nose up, looking at him with distaste, "ew, no. That ship has firmly sailed." A smile ghosted her lips as she thought back to Malfoy. "But there's someone! I knew it!" Dean Looked triumphant, "Tell me, tell!" There was no way she could tell him. Even with all the secrets they shared, this was too much. Besides, even she didn't quite believe that she was into Malfoy. How ridiculous would that be, a Malfoy and a Weasley? So that's it! I've finally got the first chapter up and you've finally read it! I've been writing this fic for the past few years and its gone through many iterations and rewriting, but I finally felt it was time for it stop catching dust on my computer and brave the big wide world. I hope you've enjoyed reading to this point, please please let me know what you think. I love you all. xxxx