about all of it, not only because Luna was one of her best friends, but because of all the people she knew, Luna knew Malfoy best. If anyone could make sense of this insanity it was Luna—however ironic that idea might be. She just wasn't sure if she would be able to explain why Ginny was growing more and more inclined to say yes. She resisted the urge to sigh, and glanced around the park she was walking through. A head of silver-blond hair caught her eye, and her heart slammed against her chest in surprise. What were the chances? Without thinking she moved towards him, all her plans and resolutions flying out of her head as she took air into her lungs to speak. "Malfoy," she called as she walked over to him. He was sitting on a bench, once again dressed in Muggle clothing, facing the pond. There were some ducks lazily floating around amongst the reeds, paying them no attention at all. The blond looked up from the book he was reading, raising a hand to block the light from his eyes. She noticed that it was a different novel, and he was already quite far into it. How fast could he read? "Weasley?" he asked, frowning at her. "Aren't you supposed to be leaving for your trip?" "My Portkey leaves in an hour," she told him distractedly, waving off his comment. "But I've given it some thought," she told him before she could stop herself, her breath in short supply and her heart still pounding distractingly in her chest. "And I agree." "Agree to what?" he asked, frowning more. "To what you asked me," she said, frowning slightly back at him. "I don't recall asking you anything," he said slowly, putting a bookmark in his place and setting the book carefully down beside him. "Are you feeling all right? You haven't hit your head or anything, have you?" "I'm fine," she said, scowling at him. "You asked me out, and I'm agreeing." Malfoy stared at her, surprise, then confusion and concern, flickering across his face before his neutral mask fell into place. "I know you're a catch, Weasley, but I have never asked you out." "Come off it," she said, feeling her cheeks heat up. "You were on my step and you said all that stuff about…" Ginny's word died in her throat at his expression, which was becoming steadily more incredulous. "You don't remember, do you?" "No," he replied slowly. His eyes were flicking across her, as sharp as they always were in the hospital when he was assessing the damage she had done to herself. "Because there is nothing to remember. That never happened." Ginny's heart changed tempo as it continued to beat against her chest. Something was wrong here. Very wrong. Possibilities swirled through her mind. From the depressing: that she was losing her mind, or perhaps Malfoy was (it would explain the request for a date in the first place); to terrifying: that the man she had spoken with hadn't been Malfoy after all. "Weasley?" Malfoy asked, getting to his feet. Once again he loomed over her. "Are you okay?" "I'm fine," she replied, shaking her head and taking a step back. "Then why do you look as though you've seen a Dementor?" he asked, taking a step towards her, his hand reaching up as he did so. "I just got confused," she said, taking another step back so she was out of his reach. "Sorry." With that she turned around and hurried away as quickly as she could, her lungs beginning to burn with the effort and her side aching horribly. He called after her, concern in his voice, but she ignored him and refused to look back. Who had she actually spoken to? Soon she was back out on the street, putting the park, and him, behind her. All she could think about was getting home and Flooing Harry. Ginny wanted nothing more than to leave all of it behind for him to deal with as she left for her trip. Let him sort this out. She had had far too much excitement during her time in Hogwarts to deal with any of this now. She just wanted to play Quidditch and for the world to leave her to it. Malfoy doppelgängers were not in her realm of interest at all. Finally, she made it to her block, and she let out a breath of relief. She rounded the corner and stopped short. Malfoy was sitting on the front step again, the same book he had had last time in his hands, dressed in completely different clothes from moments before. He looked up and smiled at her. It was a real and genuine smile that transformed his face but didn't quite reach his eyes. Ginny's latte slipped from her fingers. That really wasn't Draco Malfoy. The not-Malfoy got to his feet, and Ginny stumbled back, taking several hasty steps in her attempt to get away from him. Her mind spun and she cursed the Bludger, her bunk arm, and her instinct to have run away from the real Malfoy in the first place. She really just wanted her wand in her hand so she could blast this one away from her. There was a loud sound to her right, and, much later, Ginny would remember seeing the flash of headlights before something slammed into her right side. She would vaguely remember flying through the air, weightless and serene for far too short a period, before the intense pain as she landed hard. She knew the pain must have been what made her pass-out, and frankly, she was glad for it. -o- A/N: So, what did you think? In the infamous words of Ed the Sock (Is he even around anymore? Am I completely dating myself?! Nope, just checked, he's still around being awesome…) is it Smash or Trash? Your reviews, opinions, critiques, flames, whatevers, are all very much appreciated. :D