minutes' time, the line started moving. James made to follow the rest of the students once they had stepped off the train into the night, but stopped when a hand tugged him back. "Someone said that first years were over there." He whirled around to see Sirius, who was pointing over to the right. He had stayed behind while Remus and Peter ran ahead. "Come on!" he said urgently, beckoning James. James didn't waste a second and tore off through the incoming crowd of students, following Sirius. "Firs' years!" rang a voice. "Firs' years over here!" They had run for maybe five seconds when they bumped into a wall, and promptly fell backwards. Looking up, James realized the wall they had run into wasn't a wall, but a man with a lantern. A very big man, he registered, as he got to his feet. James was probably to his waist at most. "What yeh doin' runnin' in ter people?" said the giant man, looking down at them. "Er-". James exchanged a look with Sirius. He hadn't been warned about a giant either, James saw, from the slightly frightened expression on his face. The giant (or man, or whatever he was) laughed heartily, his crinkly eyes warm. "I'm jus' messing aroun'!" James let out a breath he didn't know he had been holding, and smiled hesitantly at the giant. "I'm James, this is Richard-" "Don't believe a word he says, I'm Sirius," Sirius interjected, his fear quite forgotten as he elbowed James playfully. "And you are?" "Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of the Grounds," the giant said, a wide smile spread across his face as he ruffled their hair, effectively shaking their whole bodies. He seemed amused at their antics. "Jus' call me Hagrid, everyone does -" He broke off mid-sentence. "Oh, darn, I forgot!" He scanned the crowd of eleven-year-olds below him. "Is all the firs' years here?" A murmur of assent rung through the horde. "Good tha'," Hagrid said, continuing, "Now follow me -," and he held his lantern high and led them down a dark, narrow, rocky path. James and Sirius moved to find Remus and Peter, and together they tripped and stumbled (all except Sirius, who seemed to either have extensive ballroom dancing lessons or he was just born with grace. All of them thought that unfair if that was the case) along the path for what seemed like forever, but Remus, who had brought his stopwatch for some reason, said at the end that it was five minutes and eleven seconds. "You'll get your first glimpse of Hogwarts in a sec," called Hagrid over his shoulder, seemingly not noticing all the stumbling people. "Jus' over here!" There was suddenly a big "Ooooh!" as they rounded a bend, and the path opened onto the edge of a grand, massive lake. There were dozens of little wooden boats floating by the shore, and on top of a mountain on the other side of the lake was Hogwarts, a towering castle with many sparkling windows. "Don't be shy, get in," shouted Hagrid, pointing at the vessels. "No more'n four to a boat!" There was a great rustling as everyone clambered onto one of their choice, hoping that there were enough. James, Sirius, Remus, and Peter immediately got into one of the boats, with the help of James and Sirius pushing everyone else away, and Remus trying to make a disapproving face, but failing. Hagrid had a boat to himself, and still hardly fit, his legs sticking out, which gave everyone great amusement. "Everyone in?" yelled Hagrid, ignoring the snickers. He looked behind him, making sure there was nobody left on the rickety path. "Good - FORWARD!" And the boats moved all at once, sailing across the lake to the castle. The sparkling lights came nearer and nearer, and the dark, rocky path drifted farther and farther away. "Keep your heads down!" yelled Hagrid warningly, lowering his lantern as the boats reached a rocky cliff opening, where ivy hung in strands of bright green. They glided along a dark tunnel, and their voices echoed off of the walls. James felt a lurch of excitement as the boats slowed down, finally coming to a stop as they reached some kind of underground harbor. Everyone clambered out onto rocks and pebbles except for Sirius, who took great care to climb out as gracefully as he could, to the other three's general annoyance and jealousy (especially Peter, who had fallen flat on his face). Hagrid wiggled out of his own boat after a lot of struggling, which made everyone laugh again, and then, pretending that he hadn't heard them, he checked the other boats with his golden lantern held high. Once he had made sure that everyone had their possessions, he led them up a rock passageway, finally coming out onto damp, fresh grass in the shadow of the castle. Nobody had time to stretch out on the dew, however, as right when they stepped foot on the grass, Hagrid started striding to a stairway. Exhausted from all the walking, everyone groaned as they grudgingly followed Hagrid and his lantern up a flight of cracked stone stairs, leaning on the rails for support. James was wondering if it wouldn't be better to just let them fly there on broomsticks, when they (finally) stopped walking, and all crowded around a great wooden door. "Everyone here?" Hagrid scanned the sea of heads. "Nobody crack their skull on a rock?" Hagrid raised a fist (James thought privately that it was bigger than his trunk), and knocked four times on the door. Everyone waited, eyes locked on the door, for one frightening moment. James was sure that everyone was thinking the same thing - what if nobody answered, and they stood there waiting for hours, until Hagrid said that there had been a mistake and they would have to try again next year? Before everyone could worry about that for more than a moment, though, the door swung open.