we'd completely destroyed the living room. But having said that, it would probably do these people some good to have some mess in their lives. They seemed far too prim and proper to me. "They run off eckeltricity, do they?" asked Mr Weasley, gesturing towards the television and video player in the corner. "Ah yes, I can see the plugs. I collect plugs. And batteries. Got a very large collection of batteries. My wife thinks I'm mad but there you are." I could see that the Dursley's definitely agreed that Mr Weasley was mad, but I refrained from saying anything until I saw someone who was undoubtedly Harry's cousin Dudley enter the room. And then I said something that caused a very unexpected reaction. "Did you know that the only animal to get sun burnt other than humans is the pig?" I said, trying to break another silence that we'd entered. Upon my words however, Dudley raced behind his father covering his bum with both hands, Harry's uncle went extremely purple in the face and looked as if he would like nothing more than to strangle me, and his aunt shrieked and stood slightly behind her son as if to surround him from any harm. I could have sworn she'd started crying after my words. And then I remembered what Harry had told us all once; that Hagrid had given Dudley a pig's tail and had been terrified of anything magicical ever since. Merlin…he probably thinks that I'm going to turn them all into full-on pigs now… Mr Weasley gave me a look of mild concern before turning towards Dudley, his face now full of concern as to why he was looking so worried and clutching his bottom so hard it looked as if he was afraid it was about to disappear. "Having a good holiday, Dudley?" he asked, kindly. Dudley merely whimpered in response. It was at this point that Fred and George re-entered the room carrying Harry's trunk, now sporting matching evil grins at the sight of his cousin. I had long since become weary of this look. While it usually resulted in something highly amusing for all of us, the victim (which was usually an unsuspecting Slytherin or first year) ended up incredibly worse-off. "Ah, right." Said Mr Weasley, not noticing his sons grins. "Better get cracking then. Incendio !" Barely registering the Dursleys flinching against the wall, I watched as Mr Weasley opened up a pouch full of floo powder and threw a pinch into the now roaring, green fire. "Off you go then, Fred." "Coming." Said Fred. "Oh no- hang on-" A bag of sweets had 'accidently' dropped out of Fred's pocket, causing the contents to scatter all over the floor. There was not a doubt in my mind that this was the 'trying out' of one of their products. Although that did make me wonder why he started to pick all of the sweets up before stepping into the fire, giving the Dursley's a very cheerful wave, and shouting "The Burrow!", disappearing in a roar of flames. "Right then, George, you and the trunk." George gave me a quick wink once he'd stepped into the fire, causing me to cock my head to the side in amusement. "Ron, you next." "See you." said Ron, brightly towards the Dursleys. "The Burrow!" "Harry, if you go next, and then Maisie can follow…" Harry nodded in response. "Well…bye then." He said to the Dursleys. I watched as Harry moved towards the fireplace only to be held back by Mr Weasley, who was looking at the Dursleys in amazement. "Harry said goodbye to you. Didn't you hear him?" "It doesn't matter." Muttered Harry. "Honestly, I don't care." "You aren't going to see your nephew 'til next summer." Continued Mr Weasley, not moving an inch. "Surely you're going to say goodbye." I can honestly say that I had never until this point seen someone care so little for family. I was amazed at the looks that flittered over Harry's uncles face- as though it pained him to have to say something to his only nephew. I found myself incredibly thankful I had a family that loved me. "Goodbye, then." Growled his uncle, reluctantly. "See you." replied Harry in the same tone, now able to step into the fire. But before he could utter a single word, all of our attention was directed onto a horrible gagging noise courtesy of Dudley, who was kneeling beside the coffee table and gagging on a very long, purple thing protruding from his mouth. And then I realised, Fred had left one of his ton-tongue toffee's they'd been working on late last year. I didn't think they'd actually finished developing them, but I could only marvel at the results for one more second before Mr Weasley stepped in front of me with his wand out-stretched. "Not to worry, I can sort him out!" he shouted over everyone else's yells. I exchanged a grin with Harry, the only other person in the room that seemed to find the situation remotely funny. "No, really!" insisted Mr Weasley, seeing the Dursleys step protectively in front of their son. "It's a simple process- it was the toffee- my son Fred- real practical joker- but it's only an engorgement charm- at least, I think it is- please, I can correct it-" He sent me an exasperated look as if I could fix the situation (to which I merely shrugged) as the Dursleys continued to shriek and shout, and I almost went to step forward when Harry's uncle threw a rather large china figure from a nearby table at Mr Weasley's head. "Now, really! I'm trying to help! " But Harry's uncle responded simply by picking up another ornament. "You two, just go! Go! I'll sort this out!" I left just as a third ornament flew across the room, narrowly missing my face as I spiraled out of there and back to where Fred and George were grinning in anticipation.