at this very house. She didn't… It was hours later in front of her boss, Scrimounger was questioning her. "Did you know anyone in the family?" Scrimounger asked. Bella was silent for a while. She hadn't spoken at all since she got back from the Fryes Home. "Auror Black…?" Scrimounger prodded again before he sighed. "I'll give you a leave for two weeks, That should give you plenty of time to mourn." Bella only nodded slightly before she left the office. It wasn't until she got home that everything for her fell apart. Which lead her to where she was now. She threw up in the toilet a couple more times until she didn't think she could do it anymore before her body was wracked by sobs of guilt and sorrow. She didn't think that the Knights of Walpurgis were this brutal. She thought that a political party like them would just be pureblood supporters, but they killed off an entire pureblood family. For what? And Why? All Bellatrix could think of was Maria in a pool of red blood, with jagged gashes carved into her body, looking at her with dead eyes that she couldn't help but let out a brokenhearted cry. The World saw Bellatrix Black as a woman who couldn't be fazed. She lived for the hunt and enjoyed the catch of the day. Nothing could be done to break her...except this hit much to close to home. This at the tender age of 19 years old, two years in the Auror Program, she had no clue that her life will change drastically from that night on. And if the Knights of Walpurgis decided to come after her family...well, they better damn well go through her first. She wasn't going down without a fight. The dark little spark of madness that she knew that the Black Family has, sparked a little brighter. She had to be careful. As exposed as she was in the Branch family of the Blacks, Madness has a tendency to grow in their mind if they let them. She wiped her mouth with her hand before she stood up to moved her weakened self to the sink, she raised her eyes to see something that she didn't want to see. She saw herself, her hair looked like a rats nest and she looked like an insane asylum escapee. She felt an oily presence in her mind not dissimilar to her Grandfather Pollux's voice. "Such a weak little girl Bellatrix. I wonder if it would be so easy to break you just a little bit more?" She bared her teeth and shook her head. Her mind whirled and she slammed her fist onto the counter. "I'm no weakling. I will not bow, and I will not break. No matter what." She growled fircely. Maria's Death will be avenged. She just had to find out who killed her...and woe be the man or woman who dare to desecrate her body. Blacks don't bow to adversaries, but they do fight for revenge. She hated the color red from then on. She stuck with dark colors in her clothes and never went out of her way for the lighter colors since Maria's death. The only color that she would put on her would be her lips. Red as Blood. Some of her co-workers thought that she had turned into a vampire because of it, but really, it was the only shade she could tolerate. She still put on a mask, and that mask that would eventually crack. She is Bellatrix Black. She is a Warrior. She is a Protector. She is a sister, a niece, and a cousin who would stand in Pollux's way to keep his hands off of her sisters and cousins. She wasn't weak. And the Knights of Walpurgis better be on their toes. She will have her revenge. TAL21: Yup, I went there. Now I am open to questions and opinions, but yes, Another Part of my headcannon about the Blacks is yes they are human, but even humans have a darker side to them than most would like to admit. This also coincides with In-Breeding in the PureBlood families in the Wizarding world. It has also happened in the real world where Inbreeding in family were common in the dark and medieval ages. Twisted? Yes, but in those ages it was the norm for Royal families to keep their bloodlines pure. Now in the Ages of Polaris and Altair Black (I still need to put up that chapter but damn it's rough draft need working on), They were actually open to letting new blood into their families to have their bloodline grow. But in the modern time, during the days of Riddle's self championing himself to be the savior of the PureBloods, the Blacks are already well known about incest marriages with cousins and even distant cousins at this part of time, it was to keep their blood 'Always Pure', in many aspects. I would suspect the the madness in the Black family would be more on the magical side of things rather than actually mental. this type of magical Madness can grow and eventually overtake minds. At least that's how I put it into perspective, lets see how i can twist it to the point of Bellatrix's current state of mind. So I hope you enjoyed this twisted and darker side story for Bellatrix, there will be more of her, Andromeda, Narcissa, Sirius and Regulus, with also appearances of Cassiopeia, Pollux, Arcturus, Orion, Walburga, and various unnamed Black relatives that I will have fun writing about. :) Please leave detailed reviews and opinions as they will help me flesh out the story a lot more if you do so. See you guys in the next chapter! Question Time!: As this story will be very mature and dark, what themes and certain aspects would you want to to tackle and take on, or even any at all? Keep on Reading and Writing!