end. Must be strangely exciting To watch the stoic squirm "You promised," was all he said, his voice echoing through the empty corridor they were now in. Her shoulders slumped as she slowed to a stop, her back still facing him. She squeezed her eyes shut, refusing to let her angry tears spill. Taking a deep breath and slowly letting it out again, she steeled herself, before turning around. He was twenty feet from her when she held her arms out in front of her, to stop him getting any closer. Must be somewhat heartening To watch shepherd need shepherd "I made a promise to someone I thought was a decent human being, Malfoy. And that's clearly not you," she said angrily, glaring at the blonde in front of her. "Just give me a chance, please. Everything I've told you tonight have been the truth. The person you've been with is the real me," he said pleadingly. "I doubt it," she scoffed, crossing her arms in front of her chest. But you, you're not allowed You're uninvited An unfortunate slight "I live in a world of people pretending to be something they're not…," he started repeating what he'd told her earlier, but trailed off. "…But when I'm with you, I'm the person I want to be." She finished the sentence for him, her voice low, a doubtful look in her eyes. "Give me a chance to be that person," he said, a pleading look in his eyes. "Please." "You don't even know who I am," she said, realizing she'd never removed her mask. "I know exactly who you are, Hermione Granger." Like any uncharted territory I must seem greatly intriguing Gasping, she took a step back, a step away from him , as he'd stepped towards her. "How?" She whispered. "That bracelet you're wearing, I'm the one who gave it to you." Hermione frowned as she lifted her arm to inspect the bracelet with the Dragon pendant, chewing on her bottom lip. Some part of her had hoped that the bracelet was from Ron. That he'd finally plucked up the courage to ask her out. But deep down inside she knew it couldn't be him. He didn't have a single romantic bone in his body to begin with, but she also knew that someone with such an untidy scrawl that was Ron's handwriting, could never have made the beautiful, slender script on the parchment. "I gave it to you so I could recognize you at the dance," he murmured when she remained silent. "Why?" she asked angrily. "So you could humiliate me? Was it some kind of bet so you and your friends could have a laugh behind my back?" "Of course not. Look, can you honestly say you didn't have a great time tonight? Can you honestly say you didn't feel anything at all? That kiss…" he broke off, his voice cracking. "That kiss, did it mean nothing to you?" You speak of my love like You have experienced love like mine before Hermione hung her head, inhaling deeply before letting out a shaky breath. "Tonight has been the most amazing night of my entire life," she started, voice shaking as she looked up at him to meet his gaze. "That kiss was like nothing I've ever experienced before." "But?" he inquired, sensing that wasn't all she had to say. "But," she paused, looking at him apologetically. "That was when I didn't realize it was you ." But this is not allowed You're uninvited An unfortunate slight "Is that such a bad thing?" It surprised her that he was looking nervous as he asked. "I just don't understand. You hate me, Malfoy. You hate me with a passion, and you've never let me forget that." "It's a fine line between love and hate, Granger." Draco was slowly moving closer to Hermione, one step at a time, though she didn't seem to notice. He was only a few feet from her now. "Is it? I mean, why me? What's changed?" "Everything's changed," he said desperately, the look in his eyes more intense than she'd ever seen. "I grew up learning to hate everything about you, yet at some point I realized I didn't hate you at all. All the qualities I'm supposed to hate about you, is the very same one's I love about you." "Love?" Hermione said in amazement, forgetting how to breathe. Draco stepped closer to her and took her hands in his, feeling slightly encouraged when she didn't immediately pull away. "I know it's a lot to take in," he started, looking her straight in her watery eyes. "I know there's a lot of history between us. Just know how sorry I am, for everything… everything I've ever said and done. Not just to you, but everyone." He paused, collecting his thoughts, as he sucked his bottom lip between his teeth. "I just… I just hope that one day you'll be able to forgive me. That you can find it in your heart to give me a chance, a chance to prove that I can be so much more than what I have been." He nearly gave up when she just stood there silently, eyes locked on him. Her bottom lip trembled as a lone tear escaped her eye. "You said it yourself," Draco continued desperately. "The past is in the past. To… To make amends. I mean, everyone deserves a second chance, don't they?" Draco looked at Hermione expectantly when she remained quiet. Her chest was rising and falling as she looked at him hesitantly. From his pleading eyes, to the slight frown on his forehead and the little droplets of sweat along his hairline. I don't think you unworthy I need a moment to deliberate. "I… I'll have to think about it." I'm sorry the song that's aligned in the center isn't spaced better. The website seems to delete any extra spacing or characters put in to create more space. Reviews will be highly appreciated.