their common room. "After knowing her as long as I have it's harder to not push them." She shrugged leaving the conversation there. He made it seem like he had known her forever, however she was his mother despite his insistence she was merely a guardian. So I guess knowing someone your whole life counted as a long time. With a shrug she pushed her curiosity to the back of her mind and skipped towards the portrait to their common room. ~Break~ It was becoming a warm April day and Max was going for a walk towards the quidditch pitch to watch Gryffindor's practice. She had always thought brooms were just the coolest but she had a horrible fear of heights. She was debating asking Severus for help but he hasn't expressed any interest in lessons and never signed up for any at all. He probably disliked flying just as much as she did. With a sign she timidly walked towards the pitch and watched the big smiled teens soaring through the sky. "Hello, can I help you?" The Gryffindor coach asked. She was a fifth year girl names Sarah something-or-other. She wasn't super close with her upperclassmen so she just smiled and nodded. "I was wondering if I could watch your practice? I have always wanted to fly but I have a horrible fear of heights." She wrung her fingers nervously as she shifted from one foot to the other. "Sure, just don't interrupt our practice." Sarah smiled as she turned back to the pitch and yelled out a new play for them to practice. With renewed energy Max skipped towards the stands and spent the afternoon watching them practice. She really did think it was a neat sport as well. ~Break~ Her free block soon ended and she was heading back towards the castle to grab some lunch. As she walked through the halls she bumped into some of the other Slytherin students who stared down at her with a sneer. "If it isn't another mudblood." A guy with dark hair mocked as he stared down at her, his wand slipping from his robes. "Think we should show her why she doesn't belong here?" The male beside him sneered as he advanced forward. "Discrimination is against the school rules, now please just let me go to lunch." She whispered quietly as she attempted to step around them. As she did the boy step in front of her allowing the other to advance on her six. Turning to regard the other student with fear she shifted her eyes downward and tried not to cry. "Aww is the little mudblood going to cry?" The first boy laughed as he pressed his wand to her throat causing her to raise her fear-filled eyes to meet his. "Please just leave me alone..." She sniffled as she attempted to advert her eyes foolishly. She knew there were still a lot of racial tensions, she knew that she had been lucky for the most part having been in Gryffindor and befriending Severus who usually kept most undesirable company away, he had a certain way about him that seemed to make most uncomfortable or afraid to piss him off. "I don't think so, it's people like you that ruined my family." The boy before her spat, his voice full of venom. She felt her veins turn frigid as she stepped back only to bump into the sneering boy behind her who had advanced closer. He grasped her arms and held her still as the boy tapped his wand against his chin. Max hoped for a moment he was a complete idiot and would accidentally hex himself, but luck as it would have it was anywhere but on her side. "Now what curse to use on you...perhaps a tongue-tying curse first so no one comes running." He laughed as he pointed his wand and whispered the incantation. She felt her mouth seize and her tongue twist in her mouth as she helplessly tried to scream. She was in serious trouble now. "What are you two doing." A dangerous sounding voice echoed through the halls as the boy in front of her whipped around. Peering over the kid's shoulder she noticed Severus standing there with a deathly look on his face. His wand was drawn and he was staring the boy down hard. For a moment she almost thought a fight was going to break out until the kid dropped his wand and turned to his friend. "Che, it's not worth it, he's the headmaster's kid. Let's just go." and just like that she had been rescued. Severus let out a sigh and turned to give Max a talk about being more careful, only to find the girl had launched herself towards him and latched onto him, arms around his waist and her head level with his chest and she cried out her thank you. He felt the tears start to soak through his thin dress shirt and he sighed. Placing a hand against her back he patted her awkwardly until her sobs subsided. "Are you ok?" He asked tersely. "I am now that you are here, thank you." She blushed as she hugged him tighter. She was going to be the death of him he swore. ~End Chapter 1~ Author's Notes: I hope you all enjoyed part 1 of what should be 4 of my intro/growing up arc. I have already written halfway into Goblet of Fire so there shouldn't be a shortage of chapters for awhile. Again this isn't my main story but fav's, follows, and reviews push me to focus on a story more. Ghost readers are still loved, don't worry! Views make me all warm and fuzzy too :) Announcement: I also have a Tumblr for writing fanfiction now. If you want updates, questions, chat with me, request promps or oneshots, and get updates on new projects first, please check it out! It's Pessimistic Punctuation Or Pessimisticpunctuation . tumblr . com (remove spaces)