leave Azkaban?" Again, a nod. "Will you leave Azkaban, just for a short while, to find someone for me?" The Dementor rasped out a sound. Harry took it as a 'yes', and so he sent out a Dementor to find out how George Weasley was doing. Why would the Dementor talk to him? Or well, try to talk to him? Harry lay on the ragged cot and tried not to think too much about it, as he already had a headache. He was still sick; one potion didn't solve all of it. He was sleeping when he felt a nudge against his shoulder. Opening his eyes he was greeted by the sight of the Dementor from before very close to his face and he sat up. The Dementor moved to follow him and then held out a parchment. It was from George. First of all, mate, can you tell that bloody Dementor to not wake me up by breathing into my face? I nearly had a heart attack! I'm being monitored by Dumbledore's people, saying it's for my own good. Don't worry, I'm trying to get past them. G PS. Seriously, another way to wake me up, alright? I'm gonna have bloody nightmares! Harry crushed the parchment against his chest and fell down on the bed again. He felt the tears escape, didn't care. George was safe, he would come back. No matter how long it took, George would come back. -o- When George finally came to Azkaban, Harry hadn't seen him in over eight months and he had almost been in prison for a full year. The conditions were worse than ever and Harry hid from the guards. They had taken to curse him occasionally in the showers so he hadn't taken one in weeks. His beard was roughly shaved due to the Dementors smuggling a razor blade to him, sometimes a bowl of water so he at least could wash off his face. "Harry?" He looked over and saw George, fresh and healthy, kneeling on the cold ground of the prison and hands on the bars. Harry crawled over and touched one of George's hands. "Hey," he said. He pushed back some of his filthy hair and continued, "Sorry if I reek." "What's happened?" "The guards like to torture the prisoners. I'm no exception." "They can't do that!" George hissed. "It's not like anyone listens to the prisoners anyway," Harry said. "You look good." "You look like shit." "Thank you." They had exchanged notes over the months they hadn't seen each other, Dementors eager to assist Harry in any way. He wasn't surprised by it anymore, although he still didn't get why they were helping him. "How did you convince Dumbledore to let you come here again?" "I didn't. I just went. I'm sure they'll interrogate me once I get out of here. Dumbledore seems convinced you're a Horcrux." "Well, I'm not. I left Voldemort's soul piece there, in death. Or limbo, I don't know. It's not in me anymore, and I did try to tell him that when he came around but… he didn't listen." "He thinks Voldemort will take over you." "I don't care what he thinks. I hate him. I hate him, and Ron and Hermione and their bloody fake friendship. They abandoned me, they could've fought for me… Hermione, you know how she gets when she fights for something? Even Voldemort would back off but she hasn't lifted a finger to help me, has she?" "No… she hasn't." "I hate her then," Harry said. "I'm going to kill them." "Bit more quiet, please. I don't want any guards hearing you say that, it'll make it harder to get you out!" George took Harry's head in his hands, thumbs smoothing over his filthy hair. "Just calm down, alright? I can't imagine what it's like to be locked up in here, but calm yourself down." "I don't know what to do, George. I missed you so much." "I missed you too. And seriously, mate, Dementors? What the hell?" "They like me," Harry said, almost dreamily. One of the Dementors came closer. George moved a bit but the Dementor merely slunk inside Harry's cell and rested its' head against his shoulder. "Is that thing… I don't know, doing its version of a purr?" George wondered. "That or it's coughing up a lung, I don't know," Harry admitted. "This world is weird," the redhead concluded. "I mean it. I don't like this new world." "Is Dumbledore controlling the Ministry?" "Oh, no, he's not. Actually, the Ministry is so far out of his control it's almost scary," he said. "I think if I make the right moves, I can get their attention about their real hero not getting a trial, and maybe it'll make Dumbledore seem insane instead. If there's proof you're no longer a Horcrux, then that means Dumbledore threw you, an innocent teenager into Azkaban and didn't look back." "That would make him look rather bad," Harry said. "I like it. But I'm not letting him get away with it." "I can't exactly blame you for that." Harry used to be scared of his own mind when he thought about killing those he had called friends. Now he wasn't scared. He felt giddy thinking about it, and he thought about killing a lot. An awful lot. "George, I mean it. If you get me out, you have to know the consequences," Harry said. "I will kill people. I don't think I can stop myself from doing that. I'll kill them for putting me in here." George looked him in the eye, and there was no hesitation when he said: "So kill them." Tbc… The start of a new journey. Possibly a very dark journey but oh well… Chapter two: Harry is learning the language of the Dementors. George finally manages to get the Ministry's attention that Harry Potter never got a trial, and that Dumbledore has been lying about it. Look forward to it! Until later, Tiro