thigh. "God I love you Mrs Potter. More than you will ever know" BANG, BANG, BANG Remus got up, with his wand out he answered the door. Four people stood their covered in crusty and fresh blood swollen joints James and Sirius was holding up Peter who looked like he'd broken his leg. "What did I say to James Potter, Sirius Black and Peter Pettigrew at the Halloween Feast Fifth Year?" Remus had his eyes and wand pointed at the three boys "Tonight's a good night for an adventure" Sirius replied "What was the first thing I said to Remus John Lupin when I found out about his 'furry little problem'" James asked also pointing his wand at Remus' chest "You fold your socks Remus, forgive me for not trembling in my boots" Remus suppressed a chuckle. "What did I say to Lily Potter at 10:36 on the evening of her wedding" Remus' wand was now pointed at Lily "10:36, two years to the day, hour and minuet you kissed him back." Remus stood aside and followed them into the kitchen "Voldycat, scoot" Lily pushed the fat orange cat off the table and Accio'd her home healing kit to begin patching up her boys "Voldytwat decided to join the party again" Lily began seeing to Peter's ankle while she spoke of where they'd come from. "And Sirius had a family reunion" James chuckled "And James nearly got us all killed, I mean who uses Anaticula against Deatheaters firing the killing curse at you" Sirius dug his best mate in the ribs ignoring James' wince "It was your cousin trying to kill me, besides it was hysterical" "Malfoy is not my cousin, he's my cousin-in-law . Yeah it was funny, nice one James" and the pair high fived. "Didn't see where you went off to Pete" Lily finished patching him up. "Be careful" she helped him off the table top and into a chair, whilst Remus busied himself making tea "it'll take a few hours to heal properly, I'm not as quick as Poppy I'm afraid. Next" "I was about" Peter replied as Sirius hopped on top of the table and Lily got to work on his sprained wrist and cracked ribs, while James held cotton wool to his friend's bleeding temple. "Don't get scared now Wormtail, we can win this I can taste it, we're not far off. Just as long as Prongs learns a new bloody spell its quite distracting to fight with a load of ducks wandering 'round" Sirius said kindly "Padfoot you're gonna have a right shiner on your eye, want me to remove it or do you want to keep it to show it off to the girls down the pub?" Lily giggled and took a sip of her tea. "I'll keep it" Lily stood up and took the cotton wool off James and began repairing his head "y'know what fellas I've quite enjoyed having Lord Fucktard's name as a taboo it makes the days where there is no missions so much more interesting to come up with new ones, Ow Evans that really hurts" "I know" Remus handed him his tea "but we wish you wouldn't distribute them as information pamphlets in the Leaky Cauldron, Tom is starting to get annoyed at cleaning them away when Deatheaters come in" "Shit, Shit, Shit how long have you known" he began pacing the kitchen "Couple of weeks" she sank into one of the hard wooden chairs "I tried to tell you but it's been so mad recently and then we had Edgar and Sarah's death and funeral and I just blocked it out of my mind" "So how far on are you?" he stopped pacing just long enough to remove his glasses and rub his temple with his thumb and forefinger. "I think nearly four months. I have an appointment at St Mungo's tomorrow they'll be able to tell me then" she cried. This was the best and worst news ever. The war was heating up everyone was vital to bringing it to an end and here she was with a baby in her belly. What could she do with a baby? Christmas had come and gone with almost no mention. It seems like Deatheaters didn't stop for Christmas. Everyday more deaths, she felt like she'd been to the funeral of everyone she'd ever loved, cared about and danced with Caradoc and Esther Dearborn had gone missing presumed dead. But this was James' baby a little him someone to fight for, someone for the future. "We could err not have it" he sank down in the chair next to her not making eye contact rubbing the back of his neck with his hand. "We could wait for peace again and try then. Get our own house and have our own family" "We could not have it" she agreed. "The timing couldn't be worse and we know nothing about children" "Do you want to not have it?" James stole a sideways glance at her "I don't know, logically this is stupid, intellectually I know we need to get rid of it" she sighed "but it's a little you, I spent 4 years trying to get rid of you and I couldn't, I'm not sure I could get rid of any part of you." "I couldn't get rid of any part of you either, let's just hope it's a lot more you then me." He pulled her into his lap and held on to her tightly like she was the only life raft in this expanding sea of war "Sirius is going to kill us, and Moony and Peter won't be too happy" he nuzzled her hair. "Are you sure you're not just getting fat?" Sirius asked when they told him "Another mouth to feed, another soul to protect" Remus whispered to Peter and passed him a handful of Sickles" Hope you liked it. Anaticula - Cause's the victim's wand to produce ducks no matter what spell is cast