a wizard, and well deserved too. She came back holding a dazzling diamond pendant by its chain. It glittered and shimmered, twisting and turning in the air, the light refracting off the stone in the most beautiful fashion. It was everything Harry had imagined. Simple, elegant, beautiful and demure. Everything that he thought of Hermione. "What do you think?" He turned to the object of his affection. She was wide-eyed. "It's gorgeous." She breathed out. Harry grinned. "We'll take it." He announced. "Whatever the price is." He took out his Gringott's card. "For special people there are special discounts, of course." Valentina said serenely, taking his card between two long fingers. "Seeing Hermione Granger wearing one of Melrose's originals will be beneficial for us as well." Harry knew that was true, the amount of endorsements and advertisement he was being offered was ridiculous. She came back with the necklace in a box and his card. "There is a quill at the front, put this parchment under it and it will create a receipt." She handed him all three things. "I do hope you'll be doing business with us in the future." Both Harry and Hermione gave her awkward smiles, before walking away. Harry did as she told him to with the parchment. "I want to put this on you now, but I have to send it to the ministry to get inspected for any traces of dark magic." He complained, as he took the receipt. Hermione took it from his hands, "Nearly Twenty two thousand galleons!" She shrieked. "Harry Potter have you lost your mind!" She demanded. "That's the price before discount." Hermione scanned the paper. "Thirteen thousand galleons is not that much more reasonable." She glared. "Hermione, do you like it?" "I love it." "That's all I wanted it. So please, don't make a big deal of it." He begged. "I have money, more than what I know to do with. I should be able to get my girl something shiny." Hermione smiled, "Your girl?" She quirked an eyebrow. He put an arm around her shoulders. "Well, aren't you?" He asked. "I'm certainly not anyone else's." She responded. He kissed her temple. "I don't have all the answers, I don't know where to go with this or what comes next." He sighed. "It was never in the plan, because the plan always consisted of me dy— Hermione put two fingers to his lips. "I think we're doing pretty well without a manual, don't you?" He nodded. "So, let's just keep doing whatever we're doing." "Sounds like a plan." -x- Luna had gone into some "Astronomy" equipment shop Ginny had never even heard of or knew existed, it looked like somewhere one might find Professor Trelawney. Ginny ventured to Flourish and Blott's, she wanted to use this time to get some of her school supplies as well. Of course she found herself in the romance novel section, reading the back of some book by Sienna Venus, a well-known author in the romance world. Her latest novel, already critically acclaimed with raving reviews, was about a young witch named Delilah Everdeen, an auror who was unscrupulously attracted to a wanted wizard. She sighed wistfully, putting the book down. It did not do well to dwell on such frivolous things, she had to remind herself. So lost in her own musings, she didn't realize she had ventured into the potions section, where she bumped into the last person she'd ever expected to run into. Draco Malfoy. -x- A/N: Hello, I just thought I would put this over drawn and unnecessarily long author's note at the end instead of the beginning, that way none of you feel entirely too obligated to read it. This is not my first story, I've been writing since about 2007 (when I was fourteen) and I've posted a few stories aside from this one. However, it is my first venture in the Harry Potter world. I grew up reading these novels, I'm so obsessed still it's practically disgusting. However, my biggest complaint with series will always be the epilogue that put Harry and Ginny together (as well as Ron and Hermione.) I won't go into a long pro H/HR rant, I'd assume most people are with me on this. Anyway, this story isn't even predominantly H/Hr, it will be a Draco-Ginny fic. It is going to be slow to build up, obviously it is not canon compliant and a little A/Uish (though all the major events of canon are kept, for example riddle's diary & the chamber of secrets, the triwizard tournament and all the events surrounding Voldemort's rise to power, Dumbledore's death, just about everything involving the Horcruxes in book 7 as well as all the deaths in the books.) Secondly, I would like to point out that there is going to be some characters that don't exist, this is mostly because there aren't enough Slytherin characters to build a story around without introducing some new ones. They aren't going to be completely random, either. They will be the sons and daughters of wizards/witches that existed in the books (like Evan Rosier & Antonin Dolohov, just to give two examples.) I will supplement this with back information that will be included within the story but also outside of it, should anyone want access to it. As far as POV's go, the beginning is mostly told in the third person but from Ginny's perspective. As the different storylines emerge, there will be slight POV shifts (still third person but from different perspectives) and there is going to be some H/Hr fluff thrown in somewhat frequently. I can't help myself The last thing I want to say is, I've been working on this story for quite some time, I have about ten chapters written and edited and am working on the eleventh as we speak. So updates will not be too far apart. I hope you all enjoy the story & give me some feedback! I'd really appreciate it!