he last cleaned them, he took his wand from the ground and casted a cleaning spell, watching as his robes were cleaned by invisible hands in midair. Summoning his pajamas, he dressed for bed and picked up his robes, walking to his dormitory without waking anyone. Hanging up his robes, he climbed into bed and struggled to go to sleep, his mind still haunted by the events of the day. It took a few more hours until his eyes finally closed and his mind drifted away. Voices echoed as Snape found himself in a room he didn't remember. In fact, he didn't even remember exactly how he got there. He was supposed to be at Hogwarts, and he definitely remembered no such room as this in the castle. He looked around and saw a bed, cabinets, a small round table, and also some picture frames hanging on the wall. He walked up to one of the pictures and looked at it. In it, he saw a man and woman smiling, along with two children and one other woman as well. "You can't do this!" came a distant voice. Snape nearly jumped as he realized he wasn't alone. His first instant was to reach for his wand, only to realize it wasn't with him as he found his sides were empty. He tip-toed over to the door, seeing that it was only slightly open and slowly pulled it back to allow him entrance to a hallway that led to staircase at the end. "I don't have a choice, Michelle. I can't guarantee your safety being here or with me!" a male voice exclaimed. Snape slowly walked over to the stairs and looked down, hoping to see what the commotion was about and who was arguing. While he didn't see anyone, he could tell that the conversation was heated and very serious. "You can hand it over to them!" "I can't!" Snape instantly recognized the second voice as a woman's, putting together that they must be the man and woman from the photo he saw. "Then what about us and everyone else?! We'll be looking over our shoulders, living in fear. I can't live like that, William. Not again!" "I don't like this anymore than you do, but there is no other way out of this. I'm cut off from my people and the Infinite Waters is no longer safe. I'm sorry for endangering our family. All I can do now is make sure that your all save. Your brother is in Salem and the most capable of keeping you hidden. He'll be able to protect you and-" Snape heard something behind him as he stood at the edge of the steps and turned around to find a little boy in pajamas just a couple of feet away, holding a little crocodile stuffed animal against his chest. The two stared at each other, almost as if they recognized one another. "Do you..." Severus spoke, though it felt like his voice was on auto-pilot. "Do you know what they're talking about?" The little boy nodded and buried his face into the stuffed crocodile. "It's a secret. Mommy and daddy told me not to tell anyone..." Suddenly, everything began to change before him and Severus found himself looking at different images. He saw dark hooded bodies on the ground, including a small pool of blood. He saw green flames all around the house, consuming everything within. He saw a woman's body turning to ash. A nd last, he saw the young boy being grabbed by an unknown, cloaked figure as the house began crumbling before them in flames. The voices repeated what they said in fast-motion, like echoes down a dark tunnel. Severus quickly leaned up in his bed, his whole chest and face covered in sweat as he breathed heavily. He looked around and realized he was back at Hogwarts, back in the dormitory of House Slytherin. Whether or not he had been mumbling or screaming during his nightmare, he didn't know for sure. But if he did, then at least the silence charm he kept around his bed made sure not to wake the others. He placed his head between his hands and calmed himself down, getting his breathing under control. As he laid back against the sheets, he couldn't help but remember everything he saw from the dream. But it felt more than just dream, it felt... real. Okay, so how did I do for the first chapter? I went through and tried to correct as many grammar errors as I could find, but sadly... I'm not an editor. Everything I do is pretty much just me. So I apologize if there are any misspelled, missing or misplaced words. Also, I deeply apologize for any cheesy or weird dialogue. I try to keep it as close to what a normal human would say. Not going to lie, I had a hard time trying to write Lily's character. James was a little easy, considering he is a bully during this time period, but Lily was different. I wanted to show her compassion and loving side, while also showing a side of herself that she has limits and will stand up for herself, even if it means going through heartbreak. I really hope I nailed it, or at least came close to what I was trying to accomplish. As for Snape, I'm still trying to figure out how to play his character out. I want there to be redemption and show that he still has a caring side of others to him, but I also want to make it more believable and try to show the struggle of his change. Like I said, it's all a work in progress and... oh, please be good! I'm really nervous about this one! Alright, so enough about me. Thank you for reading and (maybe) I'll see you guys in chapter 2. Take care and have a good day (or night, whatever time it is for you).