Common Room. Sirius, Remus and Peter waved back, smiling at the two of them. "I give them a month before they start dating," Sirius announced. "Don't play matchmaking, Padfoot! Lily isn't just some other conquest that you and James have been doing since fifth year." "Oh, come on, Moony. You know it's going to happen between them. Just too bad I never got the chance to date her." "Prongs would have killed you if you did." "Very true. Which makes me a smart man." "More like lucky, if ask me." After doing their official duties for the evening, both Lily and James made their way back to the Head Boy and Head Girl Common Room, ready to retire for the night. Though James was doing most of the talking, Lily took the advantage to ask him about what happened with Dumbledore earlier. "So, you have no idea why the Headmaster was so worked up?" she asked. "Nope. All he said was that he needed to speak to the staff and had us leave." "Do you think it has something to do with the fourth Champion?" "I do. And to be honest, I'm hoping the Goblet decided to choose no one to compete for House Slytherin." Lily gasped, " James Potter ! How could you say such a thing?!" James raised his arms, "I'm just saying. It would seem like poetic justice if that's the case. Everyone knows they did nothing to stop You-Know-Who. I even bet all of them couldn't wait to join him when he was causing trouble." As she opened her mouth to protest, she immediately closed it, unable to disagree. "Do you think they'll find out who killed him?" "Who?" "He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named." James remained silent as he thought about the question, debating with himself. "I don't know. What surprises me is that the person hasn't revealed himself yet. Some are saying whoever did it was killed in revenge by the Death Eaters." "I hope not. I would like to thank the person who saved us from You-Know-Who. It's because of he or she that allowed for me and my friends to be able to look forward to a better future." James smiled, "Okay, lets pretend that you did meet this person and it turned out to be a he... would you kiss him?" Lily raised an eyebrow and laughed, "Oh, you are really desperate, aren't you?" "Come on, you can tell me." Lily's face turned red as her hair, "If this person was a he, then yes, I would kiss him." "Then would you believe me if I said I was that person?" he asked, sheepishly. Lily laughed, "I would sooner slap you on the face and call you a liar." "Oh, come on, you know you want to." "Nope!" "Ah!" They walked in silence for a little while longer before James spoke again. "Okay, so... I've been meaning to ask you something?" "Hmm?" she looked at him. "Please don't get mad at me, I'm just curious..." He took a deep breath. "Do you... miss him?" Lily sighed, knowing precisely who he was talking about. "Potter... I'm... I'm not ready to talk about... him..." James nodded, sadly. As they continued on in awkward silence, they entered the Common Room for Head Boy and Girl, the two got their stuff sorted out for the next following day before preparing to enter their dormitories for bed. "Well, I'll see you in the morning," James yawned. "See you..." she stopped mid-way through the door before turning slightly. "James?" "Yeah," he turned. "Congrats on being chosen as Champion," and without another word, she quickly shut her door and climbed into her bed, covering herself with bedsheets. But as she fell to sleep, tears began to fall from her eyes as she remembered a certain boy from her childhood, and also the way how things ended for him. What did you guys think? I'm hoping it was a nice start to a new story. This is an idea I've been wanting to do for quite a while. Just been a little lazy and tired to get it going. I bet the idea has been done before, with the Wizard Tournament taking place during the Marauders era, but it's definitely one that hasn't been done to death yet. The next few chapters will reveal more about where this story is going to go, but I won't give anything away. I have plans and I'm hoping they work out. Just a fair warning, this will not be a big, developed story like Redemption or The Mysterious Traveler . So there won't be really big twists or turns, or any big-time developments. It probably won't even really be that long (though that could change). I just plan for it to be straight-forward. For those who don't know, this is part of a Severus Snape series I am doing. It was originally just supposed to be a trilogy, but I'm making it bigger now. The other two stories that are up are: Redemption and The Mysterious Traveler. Give them a try if you're interested. One last thing to address, this is going to be a full-on AU story (as in, alternate universe). With Redemption , I wanted to do a as-close-to-canon-as-possible story, but it ended up not working out because of the restrictions, and I've long since left it behind for a more AU approach. While in canon it is never started what House Kingsley Shacklebolt or Amelia Bones were in, or what year they were born, I'm making them sixth years and sixteen years old in this story. Also, Sprout and Filius Flitwick are Head of their Houses from the Harry Potter canon in this. It was never specifically said who were the Head of Houses in Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff during the Marauders era, so I went them again. For those wondering what year this story/first chapter takes place in, it's October 31, 1976. Please leave a review and I'll see you guys in Chapter 2!