between their chests now, he let go of her waist, reaching up to pinch her nipples between thumbs and forefingers. She gasped and arched into him, hips angling back so his erection pulsed way too close between her legs- but not close enough. "You don't want to wait…" she had to ask, strained, "do you?" "God, no." A tiny laugh escaped her, higher pitched than she'd intended, but his grin was worth it. "Fuck, I love you… Potion's gone," he clarified. "That was all me." Her eyes welled instantly with tears, and she laughed again. "I love you, too." "Brilliant," and his arm went around her waist again, prompting her to consider how bloody strong he was as he flipped them, pinning her to the bed. He bent and kissed her ear, her jaw joint… she wrapped her left leg around his waist. "Hang on. This is s'posed to hurt you, innit?" he asked, suddenly apprehensive as he lifted his head and braced himself on his forearms. "I don't mind," she breathed, eyes darting between his. " I bloody mind…" "I'll get used to it. It'll get better every time." " Every time?" He lifted a brow and the corner of his lip at the same time. She couldn't help grinning back. "Use your fingers again first," she suggested, listening to the ragged breath she elicited from him at her request. He dropped a hand between them and easily slid a finger inside her again. The arm holding him up shook as he lowered his head to her neck, swearing nonsensically into her skin. "Another," she breathed, and he obeyed immediately, working in a second finger as she held her breath. He moved slowly, and though it was slightly uncomfortable at first, she felt a deeper desperation for more, pleasure branching through her. " Please ..." she heard herself shudder, locking her leg more securely around him and contradicting her own wishes by making it impossible for him to change position. "Hand," he managed through a shaky groan, gliding his open mouth up the side of her neck. "Sorry," she whispered, loosening her hold on him as he drew his fingers back out of her and shifted. His mouth moved to her cheek, further... lips against the side of her nose. She felt him grab ahold of himself, positioning over her. She tried to help by reaching down to touch him, half holding his hand. He shifted higher, touching his forehead to hers. "Okay?" he mumbled adorably. "Okay," she shivered. He pushed so, so slowly into her, and she clawed at his shoulders, sensations furiously warring. "S'fucking tiiight," he hissed against her mouth. "Faster," she moaned, losing what little grip she had left on control. And, not waiting for him to do it himself, she arched her back and forced him the rest of the way into her. His fist clenched in her thick hair as she squeezed her eyes shut, adjusting. His movements became instantly erratic, and she lifted her right foot off the bed to wrap around his waist with her left. She dug a heel into his arse, and he exhaled hotly against the side of her nose. "Bloody… best… thing…" he managed as one hand brushed down her side to her thigh. "You... okay?" "Brilliant. Keep going," she sighed softly, feeling the most bizarre combination of pain and pleasure. His fringe fell into her eyes, so she closed them, wrapped a hand around the back of his neck as he moved inside her… once, twice… "Goddamnit-" He ducked his face off hers, burying his nose in the curls bunched at her shoulder. And then, he began to shake. The pressure of his body on hers intensified as he released what remained of his control. "Ermynee…" His low voice echoed so close, lips brushing her ear through her hair. Her legs relaxed, untangling from around him as he gathered himself enough to slide to the left, off of her, flattening mostly to his stomach in the space between her body and the wall. Head still toward her, he blinked through his jagged fringe. Her whole body was on fire for a few moments, the pounding of her heart the only thing she could hear. But, as her pulse slowed, she suddenly felt a bit chilly, yet… oddly satisfied. "Well…" he said, clearing his throat, "bloody good thing you prepared." "Hm?" "Best day of my life… cause you illegally made a bunch of ruddy potions from probably stolen ingredients." "Definitely stolen," she grinned, blushing. "And in case you didn't know… best day of my life, too." She lifted a hand to brush a few stray strands of ginger off his forehead. "Hermione," he said, suddenly serious as he lifted his head and draped his arm gently across her stomach, "y'know I would've told you everything soon anyway." "Maybe." "Wouldn't've got to Australia before telling you." "Yeah?" "Definitely." She studied his perfect face, delighted in the distance between nervousness at being caught staring and this new feeling of contentment… honesty. She could look for as long as she wanted. He flattened his hand to her stomach and cleared his throat again. "Cold?" he asked. "A bit." He rolled to his side and reached down, finding his tangled blanket and tugging it free from underneath them. She turned to her side, facing him, and he tucked his bent elbow beneath her head as she settled close to him again. He pulled the blanket over them, still twisted at his calves, but it covered her to her shoulders, and she moved just a bit closer, touching the tip of her nose to his. "What do we do now?" she whispered, his room at last so silent and dark… and she was comforted more now than she remembered ever being before. "Sleep?" he suggested, blinking slowly as he smiled. "And then-" A whole new life circled them, knowing they'd be together, he loved her. Nothing else seemed to matter. "Anything we want."