He leaned forward and tried to kiss her, but he couldn't quite make it work from his angle. Laughing, she sat up, took his face in both hands, and softly pressed her lips to his. One of his hands ran up and down her arm, and the other was on the side of her neck, and she suddenly felt like she probably had too many clothes on… which amounted to only his shirt and her knickers, anyway… but… She climbed further into his lap, sitting on his thighs with her knees spread on either side of him, and he gripped her waist, making soft little pleasurable sounds into her mouth. And though the thought of leaving had been unbearable earlier, now that she'd spent all that she had on tears and rowing, she could understand why he didn't want to talk about it. There was sadness to being separated, and then there was the happiness that came with knowing that at least they had a future, that it would be wonderful. The only thing between them would be the physical distance, and there were so many ways around that. "I'm sorry," she mumbled against his mouth, and he pulled slightly back to search her eyes for explanation. She shook her head, and he half-smiled, still confused. Now that she'd said it, she didn't want to explain, so she distracted him by reaching down and pulling his shirt off her body, tossing it over the edge of his bed. His hands moved across her warm skin, sweeping over her entire upper body in a few seconds, and she let her eyes flutter shut as his thumbs smoothed over her breasts. When she felt his mouth on her jaw, she opened her eyes again and took his face in her hands to kiss him deeply, crushing her naked chest to his, causing him to lean back against his headboard and wrap an arm low around her waist. She rubbed herself against him, feeling his length between her legs, separated by knickers and pants… too much cotton. She dragged her mouth away from his to climb off him, tug his pants down his legs and remove her knickers, settling on his lap again. "Ermynee," he muttered against her parted lips, one of his hands rounding over her bare arse as she arched against him, wanting to be as close as physically possible… more than possible, actually. She was breathing in little, aching bursts, warm pleasure gathering between her legs as she felt him, anticipating what she wanted, the satisfaction she would feel when he was inside her again. But she waited, and he held the back of her neck, ducking her head until his mouth was covering her ear, hot half-kisses moving further back, up into her hair. " Please ," she heard herself say, contradicting her desire to hold out as long as she could. She must have reached that point much faster than she'd thought she would. He rasped an exhale into her ear and slid his face back until her forehead was against his and his hand was moving down between her legs. She pressed her knees into the mattress and lifted, sinking down onto him as he groaned and tilted his head back, filling her. Rather than thrusting into her, he moved his hands to hold onto her hips, and she angled her body so he was softly rubbing against that swollen spot, deep inside her. This was the kind of feeling she hadn't really known was part of it, in all her studying of how anatomy worked. She'd read about the way it could feel, what to do to make it better, but the truth was that no book could explain how much love played a part, how she was totally overwhelmed by the feeling of his body, the look in his eyes, how much she knew he loved her, in return… And everything she'd feared from before about whether he would really stay with her for good had vanished into thin air, a laughable reminder that she had convinced herself of so many lies, as she knew he had, too, for years. They'd been together many times now, and she'd lost count weeks ago, but she'd never felt an orgasm build so quick, and she clenched around him, muscles trembling as she threaded her fingers through his hair. "Fuck, Hermione…" His fingers dug into her thighs, and she cried out an approximation of his name, heart pounding in her ears as pulsing waves of pleasure fanned out through her whole body. And she felt him move inside her again as he came with her, squinting his eyes shut and tilting his head back again to breathe. When he opened his eyes again, seconds later, she was staring at him, taking in every detail of his gorgeous face - beads of sweat at his temples; his parted and swollen lips; a peppering of stubble, mixing with his many freckles, her second favourite shade of copper. His fringe was jagged across his forehead, and she reached up to smooth it back. He was staring so lovingly back, and she didn't want to move, maybe not for the rest of her life. But she smiled at her own irrational thought, already feeling her legs cramp a bit from her position on top of him. So, she dragged herself away, settling again between his arm and his chest, and he shifted them down from his headboard to lie flat on his bed, his legs sprawling out and his hand spreading across her back. And she wasn't going to think of how much she would miss him, and she knew now that she didn't have to be afraid. All she had to do was remember the way his eyes flashed into hers, knowing that he wanted the same things she did… she could always recall the way his fingertips felt on her skin and the way he said- "I love you, Hermione."