slowed down as if it were wading through jello instead of actually halting its movement. After a few seconds of struggle, it even managed to break free of that. I truly was a pathetic witch. Here I was, aspiring to be an auror, yet I couldn't even fight off a werewolf even when helped by a random monstrous dog! And as the beast came rocketing towards me, I stared defiantly in its huge black eyes and glared, helpless to move or fight but more irritated at my own helplessness than anything else. Was I really going to get killed by a werewolf in this fashion? Honestly? Just when my courage was about to waver and I was seriously considering letting out another shriek for good measure, I was once again saved by a huge black shape leaping in the path of the werewolf. Although, this time it simply stood intimidatingly in front of me, acting as a wall as the beast crashed into it. I stared up at the huge stag that was now protecting me, watching in awe as the great racks of its antlers worked as a shield against the werewolf's paws. The stag's muscles strained as it kept its head down and resolutely shoved the werewolf away from me. What was up with all these animals tonight? It was like I had an entire woodland bodyguard! While I dazedly marveled at the oddities of my night outing, the werewolf spat and howled at the stag that still stood only about a meter in front of me. All of the wolf's attention was focused solely on the stag, so it certainly didn't notice when the black dog came barreling back onto the scene. The dog slammed into the werewolf's back again, smashing its massive shoulder into the beast and forcing it to keel backwards down the slope. I looked on in vague shock as the werewolf tumbled backwards, the dog watching carefully. The werewolf snarled as it scrambled to its feet and glared calculatingly at the dog. Thankfully though, after a horrible moment where I expected another attack, it leaped backwards and darted out across the grounds, growling and howling all the way. The dog glanced at me for a moment, seeing the stag at my side and giving a strange, doggy grin. Lightning-quick, he bounded over and snatched up my blue plaid pajamas in his teeth. I had no chance to protest this thievery other than releasing a surprised yelp, because within seconds the dog had ran and followed the werewolf deep into the Forbidden Forest. In less than a minute I couldn't even hear either beast anymore. I sat there in disbelief, wondering how the hell I had gotten myself into this situation and whether or not I was dreaming. A sharp pull of pain from my knee made me gasp, letting me know that this was all too real. The stag turned slightly at the sound, his huge liquid eyes staring at me intently. I gulped as I took in the majesty of his sleek fur, powerful build, and thick prongs of antlers. "Thank you," I rasped out, feeling slightly foolish at speaking to the animal. There was obviously something unusual about this stag, though, and a thank-you couldn't possibly hurt. "Thank you for saving me," I repeated, searching his glossy eyes for a reason why this animal had decided to help me escape from a predator like a werewolf. The stag stepped closer until he was right at my side, his eyes never leaving mine. Lowering his head, the great animal nosed my shoulder. I smiled, taking that as a sort of 'you're welcome' from him. "I don't suppose you could help me stand up?" I asked dryly. To my surprise, the stag nosed at my right arm until I lifted it, slipping its thick, muscled neck between my arm and torso and tugging upward. I blinked in confusion for a moment before understanding what was going on, then tried to stay still as the stag pulled me off the ground. Carefully, I leaned on the animal's slippery neck and hoisted myself slowly to my feet. My knee jarred a little as I stood, and I cursed under my breath at the pain. "Thanks again," I told the stag, rubbing its neck gratefully. "You're very intelligent for an animal, you know." The stag stared at me for a moment, looking almost indecisive, if a beast could look so. "What?" I prompted, looking into its glossy dark eyes. "You've got something to say?" The stag stared at me for another moment. Then without warning, its body morphed, condensing inward and upward. I'm ashamed to say I yelped a bit, staring in complete shock as my arm slung over the stag's neck suddenly lifted to become slung around the shoulders of a certain familiar teenage boy. "My mum says I'm intelligent for an animal as well," James Potter informed me, hazel eyes serious as they stared me down. There was no hint of his usual cocky attitude even as he said that silly little reply, only slightly guarded caution. I couldn't do anything but gawk for a moment, sputtering and gaping at the boy now standing beside me. "But- you were- but- stag- you- stag- but?" I stammered out, struggling to reconcile the elegant, protective stag with this goofball of a Gryffindor. James didn't laugh, still watching me carefully as I attempted to speak properly. "Lily, I'm an animagus," he said slowly. Those big, serious eyes were searching my face, filled with a curiously undefinable emotion that made me catch my breath and realize I had stumbled upon a lot more than just a rogue werewolf on this full moon. it's been a long time since I've been on this site, hehe. If you're CBT and reading this... don't judge me. if you don't know what CBT is, then carry on and I hope you like the story (: P.S. this isn't the end =P ~TMI~