her the truth. "I'd be worried about something, and it would convince me you and Harry didn't care. Like when we found out about the sword… You and Harry thought it was such a bloody good breakthrough, and all I could think was how Ginny was in danger, and we couldn't help her." "But… of course we cared about her-" "I know, but the ruddy locket didn't want me to feel that way, did it. It's like… it took the words you would say and the little things you did and made me focus on the worst possible interpretation. On a normal day, I can just… get rid of those thoughts and realise I'm either overreacting or focusing on the wrong thing… or that it doesn't matter if it's not exactly what I want anyway." "Doesn't matter?" Her eyes creased at the edges as she studied him, searching for more than he was explaining clearly. But he moved on, hoping to avoid getting too specific. "Reckon it did the same to you, in a way, only your fears aren't the same as mine. Made you doubt your abilities and think we couldn't make it…" "I didn't notice as much before you left… but, I see what you mean." She avoided his eyes for a moment, and he suspected that she, too, hadn't quite said all that was on her mind. "Anyway, I'm sorry-" "I do know a bit about what you felt," she cut over him, ignoring his attempt at yet another apology. "It's not exactly… comfortable, out here. Quite miserable, actually." "Not miserable now. And anyway, not as bad as I felt at Bill's, nowhere close. I mean… yeah a real bath'd be nice, Hogwarts food, chocolate frogs… Quidditch…" He'd actually made her smile, as slight as it was. His heart flipped over a bit as he smiled back. "-but, I'd rather be with you than anywhere else… and Harry , obviously…" He cleared his throat, wondering just how many more times he could make a passable attempt at deflecting away from sharing a bit more than he'd planned… Her lips parted slightly as she stared at him, and he felt his face warm considerably, even as a gust of cold wind blew through their clearing. "I didn't think you were coming back," she said in a tiny voice. "And… and that's why I felt so hopeless." She sniffed, turning her gaze out toward the tree line. "Ron… I didn't want to go on without you. Neither did Harry." He considered her choice of words, judging how she could so easily have thought all the wrong things about how it had been, those weeks, away from her. And he'd tried to explain, but those had been the practical things and his dedication to the mission. He'd been waylaid, unable to return. But what about the rest? "Why didn't you think I'd come back?" She scoffed at him, tucking her blanket tighter around her shoulders. "How could you have? After that first night, I knew that was it. And if… if you'd wanted to, straightaway… well, you'd had several hours to do it. But... you didn't. Then we moved the tent, and I delayed as long as I could, but… we had to go, and I knew you'd never find us." "You thought, for weeks, that I was glad to be gone?" "I don't know what I thought. Sometimes, I'd be so angry with you that I could hardly read . And other times… I'd calculate how long I could be gone, just to check… see if I could rationalise talking Harry into giving me the cloak and letting me have one night alone - an hour , even - to make sure you weren't… to know you were safe." He took in a short breath, shaking his head. "You were worried?" "Of course I was bloody worried!" Her eyes narrowed, flashing up at him. "But I couldn't have done it, really," she continued, sighing. "I couldn't leave Harry on his own, couldn't risk us both being exposed if we left together, and neither of us ever discussed it. All I could do was focus on the anger instead and try to move us forward." She paused, chewed her lip, staring out at the trees again. "And I didn't even know if you wanted to come back." "Every second, I-" "I know that now," she breathed, cutting over him, much softer eyes turning back to face him. "Doesn't change the fact that I'm still so… Ron, why ? Why did you listen to the bloody Horcrux, instead of me?" And he found that he couldn't really answer her. It all seemed so muddy and distant and other , now. Why had he let the sodding locket take over? Why couldn't he have been stronger ? "Dunno," he said quietly, sending as many more apologies as he could manage through his tired eyes. She studied him for a moment, finally nodding slowly and gathering her blanket around her shoulders again, trembling. "I know it wasn't all your fault. I think I'd have admitted it sooner, if I didn't care so- if… if you weren't my f-friend." Her teeth chattered, the only thing distracting him from the pounding of his heart. "Go back inside, Hermione. Only got about an hour left til dawn." "Can't sleep," she explained, clearing her throat. "I'll start breakfast." She stood, crunching icy leaves and twigs as she headed back toward the tent entrance. He rubbed his cold hands together, glancing forward into the inky dark pre-dawn. "Oh, and Ron?" He turned again to look up at her, over his shoulder. She was glaring fiercely down at him, but something made his heart jump pleasantly, a tiny, spirited spark in her expression that he'd missed so much. "Hm?" "If you let me sleep through my shift again, I'll find a very creative new way to hex you." But her threat fell pretty soft in contrast with his grin.