one time," Harry sighed, "but-" "Yeah, the one time ..." Ron snapped, bitterly, elbows on his knees as he turned away from Harry again. There was nothing left to say. They'd see her tomorrow. A fact that Harry was trying very hard not to bring up again, now that the two of them had finally moved past it... He wasn't sure what was going to happen on that train, but if he could just get Ron to Hogwarts without too much trouble... He nodded to himself, rolled Hermione's letter back up into a tight scroll, and stood, stretching. "What are you going to do?" Ron asked, looking up at Harry. And from his position on the edge of his bed, messy fringe cutting jaggedly across his forehead, swooping down into his sparkling eyes, Ron looked so much younger than he was... so much more unsure than that brand new, almost-confident Ron that Harry had seen glimpses of before- "Not going to do anything. You're right," Harry said, "she must be lying." Ron blinked up at Harry for a second too long, and Harry knew he wanted to believe her nearly as much as Harry himself had wanted to moments ago... But he also knew how futile those lingering desires were, and no matter how much Ron longed to go back, he could never do that. It was much too late. Harry left Ron to a glowing sunset, echoing through his brightly poster-covered room... And moments later, two floors below, he wrote Hermione a simple reply. Because after all, she was still... someone , to him. Someone. Hermione, I'm sure I'll see you on the train tomorrow. Good luck. -Harry She couldn't sleep. She could feel sleeping potion pooling in the pit of her stomach, mixed with the warmth of a large cup of tea. But she'd known it wouldn't matter then, as she'd sipped it down, as much as she knew it now... now that it was trying to work. Her eyes burned from crying, and her bed in St. Mungo's was much less than comfortable. She'd spent the rest of the evening being tested, climbing to higher floors for inspection and attempted treatments, all of which had failed, turning up nothing... She could think of no reason why she would suddenly find herself here. And the worst part was that aching feeling that she'd done something wrong that she couldn't remember. Why else would Harry refuse to come and see her? Why else would Ron ignore her like this? The knowledge that she'd be seeing Harry on the train tomorrow tipped her off to the fact that yes, Hogwarts would begin its school year the following day, with the Hogwarts Express trip. And... that she was enrolled. And that Harry was, too. Was it too much to hope that Ron would be there, as well? That she'd finally be able to find out if he knew something more? She couldn't help but fear the discovery of what she was missing, the memories that had vanished without a trace. But at the same time, she had a very strong feeling that Ron and Harry would know something. That they knew something at this very moment and were being so cruel to her because of that knowledge... In fact, it wasn't even a suspicion. She could think of no other reason for them to behave this way towards her. And she was always very good at deduction. At last, dawn broke, and she rose from her bed to collect her things. Unsteady on her feet, she managed to make her way to the front desks, where she checked herself out of care. She wasn't in danger, at least not that they could find. And there was no reason for her to stay here, when she showed no signs of illness or the after effects of having been cursed... She'd discovered, late into the night, that a group of Aurors had evidently been trying to track down her parents in Australia, to restore their memories. She wasn't sure why she'd waited so long, and when she'd pressed for more information, she'd found out that the search had, of course, been initiated by her, by a series of meetings with the heads of the Auror department, in which she'd stated her case and reasons for behaving in such a rash manner, sending them off with severely altered memories and brand new identities. Too bad she couldn't remember a bloody moment of those meetings, what she'd said or why... At least her parents were still safe, and away from this mess, she thought, as she made her way to an apparition point, turning quickly away. Trunk packed, she bustled through King's Cross station, feeling almost numb. She had one mission, one plan, and she had to be strong enough to face them , no matter if they wanted to see her or not. She needed answers... answers that she was sure they had. She boarded the train ten minutes early and made quick work of checking every individual compartment for signs of Harry... or Ron. When she could not locate them, she selected a compartment for herself and waited, heart pounding against her ribs as she stared, forehead against the glass, out the window, at the platform beyond... where so many students were being hugged and kissed goodbye, parents clinging to their first year students with happy tears in their eyes. And before she knew it, she was sound asleep. I can see he says what he means I can't say what he means when he says that I'll pretend, I'll pretty pretend, when all I wanna see is the end of this I can see he says what he means We'll deal him sticks and stones and apologies I wish, oh, I wish it was through Split the scars, get up off your knees Just lift the marks to new found kinesis I wish, I wish, I wish the cobwebs would cover me.