could feel how close he was, and she didn't want him to slow down or stop, so she urged him on, moving with him, parting her lips to breathe against his jaw. " Ermynee ," he groaned, dragging a hand down to clench her thigh as he came, warmth spreading inside her as she continued to move. He lifted his head, dazed, but he must have had enough clarity left to follow what she needed because he squeezed his hand between their bodies and barely touched her before she clamped her eyes shut and shuddered, waves of pleasure spreading out to vibrate through her arms and legs. She collapsed backward onto her elbows, head falling dangerously close to the window sill. His hand shot out to cover the back of her head and protect her, and her eyes popped open, body still the approximate consistency of pudding, but her heart overflowing with… everything. "Careful," he said softly, smiling at her as she melted. "Wanna lie down?" She could barely nod, but he understood, and he gathered her upright again, sliding out of her and shocking her by hooking one arm under her legs, the other behind her shoulders, and picking her up. "What are you doing?!" she half-laughed, half-shouted. "Grab that blanket," he laughed back, and she snatched it up, noticing that his muscles were shaking slightly. "If you drop me, I'll murder you!" "Calm down," he grinned. "Got you." He navigated a few steps deeper into the shed, stopping in front of the wide table where he'd been sitting when she'd arrived, and he finally lowered her legs to the floor. He took the blanket from her, shook it open, and spread it on the floor, tugging her hand until she sat on her knees with him. And, as if his body had finally given up completely, he collapsed onto his back, closing his eyes and breathing erratically through his mouth. She blinked at him, watching as he grinned, even with his eyes still shut. She pressed her lips together and maneuvered between his bicep and his chest, lowering her head to his shoulder as he wrapped his arm around her back and sighed contentedly. She draped her own arm across his stomach and let her eyes roam lazily over his body. "We can't fall asleep out here," she said softly. "Why not?" She laughed, shaking her head against his arm. "We're naked." "Hm. True." He gathered her closer, opening his eyes and turning his face toward her to press a lazy kiss to the mess of curls on top of her head. "I wish we could stay," she added, because there was really nothing that sounded better to her than to fall asleep together, just like this. "Sod it. We can get dressed in a minute. There's another blanket on the shelf, over there. And if anybody finds us, I basically got kicked out of my own bloody room anyway, so…" She lifted her head to stare at him, and he blinked very slowly, staring back. "You're serious?" "Yeah," he shrugged. "I really don't care anymore." "Won't your mum hex me?" "No way. If she even finds us, it'll be my fault, trust me." As terrified as she had been about the idea of his parents discovering them any one of the many times they had disappeared somewhere together, she was nearly convinced to let it go now by how casual he was being. It really didn't bother him. But… why not? "Why are you so okay with this?" "Dunno. We survived a bloody war. And… we love each other," he added, smiling. "And, my parents love you. If I have to do an awkward talk with them, it's fine. They'll get over it." The final bits of apprehension that remained slowly faded away, and the thought of spending the whole night together, for the first time, was too exciting to argue against. "Okay," she smiled back. "Yeah?" he asked, looking more than a bit stunned that she'd actually agreed. "You've got nowhere to sleep, and Ginny snores." He laughed and tugged her closer, tangling his fingers in her hair as she rubbed her cheek against his chest and softly shut her eyes. Several incredibly comfortable seconds ticked past. And then her eyes shot open. "Okay," she said, sitting up, "but we have to get dressed, right now. I almost fell asleep." He slowly blinked open his eyes, and she stared pointedly at him. "Not sure I can move," he grinned. She smacked him lightly and got up, crossed back to where they had unceremoniously discarded all their clothing, gathered everything up in her arms, and returned to him, dropping the full pile to his stomach. He let out a surprised grunt and sat up. "Made your point!" he teased, and they began sorting through clothes, removing their own items and standing to pull everything back on again. "We can make this a bit more comfortable," she said, removing her wand from her shorts and waving it at their blanket, which suddenly thickened considerably. "Accio," she added, and a second blanket zoomed over from the shelves. She caught it and stretched back out on the floor as he resumed his position on his back, gathering her against his side, covering them with their second blanket, and shifting around to get comfortable. "Maybe we should set an alarm?" she suggested, as a final measure of protection. "Sure." He held up his right wrist but couldn't reach his watch with his left arm trapped around her. She caught on and smiled, reaching up to turn the alarm back several hours. They settled again, and she could feel his heart beating against her hand. She had never before realised how comforting that could be. "Better get used to this," she said sleepily, as she closed her eyes. "Can't expect me to go back to sleeping alone." "Deal," he said, and she could hear his delighted smile through that one single word.