not this. This was his . Mine. "More," he mumbled against her mouth, and he only just realised she was shaking, furiously. They split apart, gasping in aching breaths, eyes roaming down each other. Was it possible… could she want him? Could it be more than war and fear and desperation? She reached for the hem of her shirt as he reached for his. They tore them over their heads, tossing them to the floor, meeting in the middle in a frantic haze of skin-to-skin, mouths colliding, one of her bra straps sliding off her shoulder as he dug his fingers deep into her hair. Her teeth clashed against his, and his erection pressed to her abdomen. He dropped a hand to her lower back, squeezing tighter, pressure increasing between them. "Table," she panted into his mouth. He took a step forward, pushing her back until her arse hit the edge of the rough wood tabletop. You're afraid. I've seen it. I know. He shook his head wildly, locket resting heavy on his sternum as he lifted her off the floor, to the edge of the table. A bolt of lightning shot through his injured arm, muscle tensing too tight. He grimaced, swearing nonsense under his breath. She gasped, reaching out for him. "Don't use your arm! You'll hurt yourself more-" "M'fine," he interrupted, moving in closer. Her legs dangled over the edge of the table, one sock hanging off the end of her foot. But though she hesitated for a moment, brows knitted with concern, she dropped the subject and pulled him between her parted knees. Breathing in ragged gasps, she moved in for his lips again, teeth and tongues and hands in his hair. She grabbed his right hand, lowered it to her jeans zipper. He pulled away from her, knelt immediately in front of her… She slid off the table again as he reached for her button, zipper… dragging it down. Her hands joined his, tugging denim off her hips, pooling to her ankles as she stepped out, clasping a hand around his neck as he looked up into her eyes. She ducked, claiming his lips as he held her, arms around her bare thighs. Everything you want. He had more than he deserved, just now. So much more. He let her go, leaning in as he slowly stood, skimming the front of his half-naked body up her own until he reached her neck, sucking behind her ear as she arched back against the table again. He lifted her easily, hands under her arse, backing away again only to unfasten his belt, metal clanging as he worked his button and zipper free. She snatched his wand from his back pocket, but he hardly noticed. He'd lost some weight, evidently, out here… and his jeans slipped easily to the floor. She tugged him between her legs with an ankle around the back of his thigh, aiming his wand over his shoulder. "Accio," she said breathlessly, and her bag flew into her outstretched hand. She reached inside, withdrew a shiny potion vial, and downed the contents in one swallow. Tossing everything, including his wand, carelessly to the floor, she reached for the elastic of his pants. Mine. "Fuckin' hell," he growled, fury boiling in his bloodstream. Sweat broke out across his chest, and he grabbed her hands away from his pants, tugging them down himself and kicking them aside, distantly registering her trembling gasp as he reached for her knickers, finding them completely soaked. I know you. I know your dreams. She doesn't need y- "Goddamn you," he slurred under his breath, and she searched his face, uncomprehending. He'd have been glad she'd not understood him, had his pulse not been racing, watching as she adjusted atop the table to pull her knickers down. Shaking. Shaking too much. He didn't have time to think about it, because she pulled him closer… too close, his erection between her legs, the perfect bloody height. She pressed a palm to the table behind her, ducked his head toward her, bit his ear lightly. "Do it," she whispered. "If you want me, do-" He clasped her hips in his hands and thrust inside of her. She screamed, pulling his hair... hard . He winced with pain, pleasure simultaneously coursing through him, between them. This is how it must feel for her, he reasoned, some rational part still left, trying to surface. Pain… Pain… "Worthless," he muttered, burying himself completely inside of her. Her face suddenly morphed from passionate and overwhelmed... to horrified. She- "-doesn't want me." "TAKE. IT. OFF." she shouted emphatically, pushing a hand hard to his chest. His eyes bored into hers, heart pounding intensely against her palm. She grabbed up the locket off his chest, closing her fist around it, eyes flashing from desire to mounting fear. "RON. Take. it. off." He wanted to obey, though a void cried out, distant. But he could fight it. He could still fucking fight, and he did. He ripped the chain over his head… tossed the horcrux spitefully to the floor. And the room settled around him, suddenly quiet. The only things he could hear, then, were the incessant beating of his heart and her unsteady breathing. He pressed a trembling hand to the tabletop, gloriously free of that creeping, tempting darkness. The words were lost. She brushed sweat-damp hair from his forehead. "Don't stop now," she said softly, and he looked at her… really looked. Tears rolled silently down her cheeks. She moved her legs, locked her ankles around his waist. But it was too late. "I… can't…" he half-sobbed. He laid a hand gently on her thigh and backed away from her. Sniffing, he wiped the back of his hand across his face, suddenly very aware of how much his splinched shoulder was burning. He bent, avoiding her gaze, and he retrieved her shirt from the floor, moving forward again only to hand it to her. "I'm sorry. So fucking sorry."