and Serenity would not meet a similar fate as his parents. The group of people walked aimlessly through the small town, Remus and Sirius would occasionally tell stories about Harry as a baby or James and Lily at school. Remus talked about the time Lily had jinxed James to make him bald for a month when he wouldn't stop teasing Severus about his greasy hairdo. Sirius talked about how he had given Harry a broom for his first birthday and baby Harry had zoomed around the house in it. He also talked about how Harry would always run naked through the house when his parents took his clothes off for a bath. Harry's face was furiously red by the time they were finished, but he couldn't help smiling hearing about his parents. Sirius also talked about how Harry had difficulties sleeping as a baby so Lily would have to sing to him, no matter how fussy Harry was Lily could always calm him down by singing the Beattles to him, apparently 'Hey Jude' was a song the infant had always found soothing. By the time lunch rolled around they were all ready to leave. Harry thanked them all individually again and then he floo'd back home with Remus and Sirius taking Shakira and Sly. They arrived home and Remus made a bowl of warm chicken soup with bread for all of them, Harry only managed to eat about half of it. After lunch Harry wasn't sure what to do, he felt over whelmed, there were so many different feelings running through his head Harry wasn't sure what to feel. Sirius could see Harry's distress he turned to Remus and the two of them walked over to the couch were Harry was sitting, starring at the fire as though it held all of the answers to his problems. Shakira and Sly were sitting next to Harry knees leaning their heads on his legs while Harry scratched them behind the ears absentmindedly. Remus and Sirius two of them sat down on either side of Harry. Remus spoke first, "Harry, I know today was hard for you, but we're here if you need to talk to someone or yell, or scream, or swear, or cry. Like Sirius said in the graveyard there is no wrong feeling." Harry starred into the fire, "I honestly don't know it's all so much." They each pulled Harry into a one armed hug as Sirius said, "I know Harry, we felt the same thing when your parents died and still do today." Harry leaned his head on his Dad's shoulder, "It just hurts so much." Harry felt tears falling again as his parents pulled him closer, Remus said, "We know Cub we know." They spent most of the day together, sometimes they talked, a lot of times they cried, and sometimes they just sat together comforting each other. Harry ended up falling asleep on the couch cuddling up to his parents. Harry woke up in their bed next to Sirius and smiled, he'd never had the luxury of sleeping in his parents bed after a nightmare or hard day and this was something he needed. Granted Harry hadn't climbed in on his own but it was still a nice feeling. Harry lay there for a while and finally stood to shower, as he came out Harry smelled French toast and bacon cooking and smiled. French toast and bacon was his favorite meal and both his parents knew it. Harry came downstairs and sighed in relief to see his Papa cooking the meal, the last time Sirius had tried to cook anything everything ended up tasting like one of those gross potato chips you always find at the bottom of the bag. Sirius joined them and they ate a nice breakfast together. Sirius asked, "So Kiddo what do you want to do today?" Before Harry could answer and unfamiliar eagle owl flew into the window clutching a letter. The tree men stood back holding their wands up in case of an attack. Voldermort was dead, but several of his more prominent followers had managed to escape jail (again) and even the death eaters in jail could still be dangerous because they had family members who would love to get even with Harry and his family for what had happened. Remus cast a strong diagnostic spell on the owl and the letter, once it cleared Sirius levitated the letter away from the owl and used a spell to open it. The three of them stood there waiting to see what would happen. Finally when nothing did Remus stepped forward and started to read, "It's from the Malfoy's." Harry was so shocked he stepped forward and took the letter, "What?" Harry looked at the letter and sure enough there was the Malfoy family crest on the top, Harry started to read: Dear Mr. Potter-Black, As the head of the Malfoy family I, Lucius Abraxus Malfoy would like to offer you my personal thanks for saving the life of my son Draconias Lucius Malfoy during the battle at Hogwarts three months ago. As you may know such actions do not go unrewarded in the wizarding world and I would like for you to contact me so that we may meet and discuss what reward you would like to receive in gratitude for your bravery. I would be willing to meet you in any place you choose and whatever time you like as long as you provide me with advance notice so that I may clear my schedule before hand. Please contact me as soon as it is convenient to you. Thank you for your actions and consideration. Sincerely, Lord Lucius Abraxus Malfoy The three of them stood in shock starring at one another, as Harry looked around he could see that they were all wondering the same question, now what? a/n that's all for now if you have any opinions about what Harry should ask the Malfoy's for your opinion is welcome.