bathroom. He threw the card, a four of diamonds and it hit the green melon before dropping down like a puppet with its strings cut. Apparently, watermelons were tougher than he thought. Again, he tried. No result. Concentrate harder. No result. Imagine the card cutting the melon. Ah! Damn. That card went so out of trajectory that it wasn't even funny. No result. Vivid imagery? Nope. By the end, some of the cards were lying in a heap on the mud below the melon while some were scattered on the bench. He reached home far later than usual and by that time, the moon was hanging in the sky, partially hidden by the clouds. It was a starless night. His soft knock on the door echoed in the silent hall and untypically, Dudley opened the door with a smirk on his face. "You are dead today", he whispered or at least tried to but it still came out as the noise of a tin-can scraped against a tar road. Harry raised his eyebrows at the glee on his cousin's face before shrugging. If Dudley was being stupid, then everything was fine with the world. Harry closed the door. By the time he turned around, Dudley was holding his collar in a vice-grip, with the stupid smirk still visible on his face. God how he wanted to lacerate the smirk out of his face. With barely any effort he ducked under Dudley's hand before poking Dudley's wrist with his index finger. As a slight shock trailed down Dudley's arm, he released his grip on Harry's collar. All of it happened in under a second and by the next moment, Harry was standing in front of Dudley with a similar smirk on his face. "How did you do it?" Dudley yelled in a fit of rage, shaking as though he was denied his fifth meal of the day. As Dudley's flushed face resembled a rotten tomato, Harry took pity on the boy. "Magic", Harry smiled cheekily, unaware that his uncle was dallying around the corner. The temperature of the room plummeted to negative values and Harry belatedly noticed the punch his uncle aimed at his head. He hit the door behind him with a resounding thump and grazed down the door until his knees hit the floor. It was as though the word triggered some sort of invisible 'On' switch in his uncle's head and it was only his luck that this happened to be a Saturday. Saturday meant extra work for his uncle while all of his other co-workers lounged in their homes. It was his uncle's fault that he could never complete any of his work on time but no matter the reason, it was Harry who suffered the brunt of his uncle's fury. "You will never speak the word again in this house if you want to live, you ungrateful freak", his uncle yelled while aiming a kick to his stomach and even through his fog-filled vision, Harry could observe that his uncle's face reached a whole new spectrum of color. A light purple painted on a wall of red and blue. Normally, this image would have set Harry into a fit of laughter but today he would be grateful if he could utter a word. It was nearly after a minute of incessant beatings that his aunt seemed to take pity on her bloodied and broken nephew and she pushed him into the cupboard with a forceful shove. He landed on the wooden floor in a bloodied heap, reminiscent of the last time he was in such a state. But what no one noticed was the glint in Harry's green irises. He rose from his position and chucked the two fifty pound bills he stole from his uncle during the thrashing into his secret dungeon. He crawled over to the bed and took the support of the cot's leg to steady himself. He took out the deck of cards which were positioned in his pocket and pulled out a random card. A smile blossomed on his bloodied visage and blood slipped down into his mouth from his broken nose to coat his white teeth in a river of red. While his uncle was hell-bent on shattering every bone in his body, Harry had a flash of insight when he felt that he might die if this abuse continued. The insight led to a discovery about what he was missing when he was trying to cut the watermelon. Killing intent. He merely thought of cutting the melon but it required a sinister desire to truly cut it, as though it was something that was alive and he must wish from the bottom of his heart to kill it. To watch it bleed. To feel the life trickle out its body. To be ruthless. Unlike the other times, he did not throw the card while imagining the wall break or feel an overwhelming strength in his hands. He aimed the card to destroy the wall; without a hint of pity. The card sailed through the air with a purpose and the wall in its way was merely an obstruction. It cut through the concrete like butter before embedding itself into the wall. He did not have the energy to even cheer at his success but the sense of fulfillment that settled in his heart made up for it. He limped over to the wall before plucking the card out of it. A king of diamonds. The Prestige. On that fateful day , A wizard was born in the Cupboard under the Stairs, Number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging . Author's note: So, how was it? Do review your opinion. It helps me to further improve my ideas or change accordingly. Thank you. The Pledge. The Turn. The Prestige. If you do not know what these three words mean, then you missed one of the best movies of the past decade. It's from a movie called 'The Prestige' by Christopher Nolan.