in its centre, splitting off sections that depicted each season, the images moving as if windows to the weather outside. Snowflakes began to spill out of the winter scene, floating down around her. She grinned reaching out to catch them, and when they touched her skin, they were warm, disappearing in a glimmer of sparkling light. The walls around her were painted with images that moved; people, animals, clouds, and plants that moved and swayed, as if living their own smaller life. Hermione leaned closer to inspect them, smiling gently as she watched a little girl with a dog, run along crowded streets filled with people, all of them selling something, anything and everything at little stalls. The scene looked so real, so alive, she could have sworn she could smell cooking bread, smoke from fires, the mud that squished beneath their feet. 'What the hell.' Hermione jumped as she heard Draco's voice behind her. He'd finally worked up the courage to push himself through the gap, and was stunned by the sight that met him. Snow fell from the roof and was collecting on the floor, and the bushy-haired Gryffindor was leant over, inspecting moving pictures, snowflakes collecting in the frizz on top of her head, not melting. 'It's amazing,' she breathed, turning to him, her eyes glinting in wonder. Something Draco had never actually had the pleasure of seeing, not that he cared. 'We live in an enchanted castle, where we perform magic, I think amazing kind of goes without saying.' he answered drily. Hermione scoffed turning away from him. He shrugged and went over to inspect the opposite wall, stepping closer he noticed it was a battle; blood poured into the earth, as men screamed and slaughtered one another. He saw one young man scrabbling in the earth, trying to shove his innards back inside of him, tears making tracks down his filthy cheeks. Draco pulled away, disgusted. 'Granger, I think we should get out of here.' Hermione ignored him, tracing a rune, carved into one of the emerald green pillars. 'This is seven, well i mean, the actual meaning has never been uncovered, but it usually means seven. Why is it here?' Hermione muttered, as she inspected the other pillars and found that there were no more runes. 'I don't know, Granger, lets just go.' He mumbled, working his way to the far end of the room, hoping that there would be a door, where he could escape from the nightmare that was being in the mudbloods company. He paused as he heard the grating of stone against stone. Turning, he watched as a good portion of the floor opened up, and a huge white bowl lifted out of the floor, runes carved into its base, and diamonds encrusted around the rim. 'It's the one from the picture,' Hermione whispered, letting her hand fall away from the green pillar, where the rune was glowing red. The floor slid back into place, leaving the bowl floating a few inches above it. She looked so tiny next to it, the expanse of it covering most of the floor, snowflakes disappeared in glittering bursts as they fell into it. Draco turned away, shaking his head. This all felt too much like something the golden trio would get up to, and that usually led to danger, and he wanted no part in it. To his relief, he made out the outline of a door, he increased his pace, but stopped when Hermione muttered something behind him. 'What?!' he spat, swivelling around violently to look at her, to his horror she was inspecting the contents of strange floating bowl, her face glowing silver. 'It's a pensieve,' she said again, not bothering to look up at him, 'It hold memories, and you can view them,' 'I know what a pensieve is." he spat, 'look lets just go. I don't think we're even supposed to be here.' Hermione looked up at him scornfully. 'Since when do you care about abiding by the rules, Malfoy?" 'Since common sense tells me that this place could be dangerous.' he muttered glancing around fearfully. 'What scared?' 'No, just...just come on, mudblood.' he headed towards the door again, hoping to hear the steps of the Gryffindor behind him. He looked over his shoulder when he was met with silence, his mouth falling open, as he watched the bushy haired witch reach forwards, snowflakes from her hair drifting into the basin below. 'No, don't…' he started running back toward her. Hermione barely even registered him shouting, the contents of the bowl was so hypnotising, it moved like mist, and smoke, noises and sounds swirling within its depths, that she couldn't quite make out. She leant forward, slowly lowering her hand into the bowl, the sensations that travelled up her arm made her gasp. It was like feeling every emotion at once, tears threatening to spill from her eyes at the same time as she tried to stifle laughter. The feeling suddenly stopped as she was yanked back, wincing at the bruising grip. 'Are you deaf, or just too bloody stupid. You don't know what that thing is,' The slytherin was spitting in her face, his nose almost touching hers as he snarled. She tried to shrug him off, pushing against his chest. 'Get off me.' 'No, because when left to your own devices, you wander. I swear I don't know how you aren't dead yet.' 'Wouldn't you just love that,' Hermione spat, yanking her arm back with all her strength. Draco relinquished his grip, sending Hermione falling back. For a while her arms flailed in the air, desperate for something to grip onto, finally she gripped a large handful of Draco's jumper, pulling him back with her. For a moment he tried to find purchase, anything and everything to hold onto, but the silvery mist seemed to pull at them, tendrils wrapping around Hermione's shoulders and yanking her into its depths, and Draco was yanked in right after her.