the first thing about you." "That's by design rather than accident, Granger. Can't let people know shit or they'll use it against you. Look at your beau . People find it he speaks Parseltongue, all of a sudden he's public enemy number one. Don't give people fuel. They'll burn your house down." "That definitely wasn't sad or paranoid in any way." Said Hermione sarcastically. "Well, you're gonna start now. We're playing the question game." "The question game, Granger?" "It's that world renowned game where I ask you questions and you answer them without complaint." "You see I call that interrogation." I said. "Eh, Semantics." Said Hermione. "So, let us begin. what's your favourite colour?" Brown. "The black that is the void that shall one day consume us all." "Favourite book?" Great Expectations. "How to lose friends and alienate people." "For goodness sake, Harry! Please answer these properly." Said Hermione, her arms thrown up in irritation. "I'm trying to be your friend here and you're making it very difficult." "Funnily enough, Granger, that was sort of the point." I said. Okay, so maybe I did want her to be my friend but she wasn't allowed to know that. If I actually acquiesced I'd be brought into the fold with the Weasleys and I'd be part of It - capital I - and that's the last thing I want. It was something I had readily avoided. I rather liked the arrangement we had and I'd rather it stayed this way. Apparently that wasn't what she was after, so she pouted, her bottom lip jutting out petulantly. "Could you just do it. For me, please?" As it would turn out, saying no to Hermione was quite difficult. "Fine," I said. "But I get to ask you questions too. It's only fair." She grinned up at me, her big eyes shining in such a way that made me quite strange. "Great!" She said. "So, what is your family like?" Wonderful. She picked the last thing I wanted. "Well, 100% of my family is dead, so, dead. I live with my relatives who exist." I said, purposefully vague. I cut her off before she could further question me. "My turn. Why do you like Longbottom so much?" She took a while before answering, her forehead scrunching in thought, the strange feeling inside me still there. "I'm not entirely sure. There's the obvious fact that he's brave and kind and handsome. But I think it's that he was my first friend. He was the first person to ever care about me and that's always meant something to me." "Well, bravery and kindness get you killed. Looks fade, and novel experiences only matter for as long as they remain novel." I said, more bitterly than I had hoped. "Thank you, oh wise master of relationships, for sharing your knowledge. That's what everyone's always saying. 'There goes that famous Don Jon Harry Potter .' Truly your reputation precedes you." "Really?" "No, Harry. They don't say anything about you because you've never given them a reason to." Said Hermione. "It's almost weird how little people care about you. You've somehow managed to remain anonymous in a year group of 40 people. Extraordinary, really." "Excellent." "So, next question. It's really to satisfy my curiosity more than anything." Hermione said. "How good are you at magic? Because you never really go to lessons but you seem smart enough." At this, I got my wand from my pocket. I let my mind go to the only thing it could go to in these circumstances, then I whispered. " Expecto Patronum, " and a brilliant Stag appeared, as it always did. I heard Hermione gasp. " Beautiful ." She whispered. The stag ran to her through the air, floating around her and nuzzling at her neck. I'd never seen my patronus act in such a way. I watched the sight for a while. Hermione's face was alight with an innocent wonder as she allowed the protective spell to cuddle into her. The sight felt...Special. "I didn't know that anyone our age other than Neville could perform that Patronus Charm." She said, breaking the silence. She was still smiling. It occurred to me that so was I. "Well, now you know. I hope that answers your question. My turn." I said. I thought of asking her more about her and Ron and Neville, but I didn't want to take away the smile from her face. "What makes you happy?" I asked. Hermione replied almost instantly. "Books. Growing up I didn't have many friends and I was bullied quite a lot but it didn't really matter because I could always go to my room and immerse myself in these other worlds." She looked around at the grounds that surrounded us, the Forbidden Forest in the distance. "I just wish the person I was then could know that the real world is even more amazing than anything in the books she read." I looked across to Hermione who was lost in her thoughts. I too stared out looking into the distance. Winter had recently began, with snow tipping the trees, making Hogwarts look somehow even more magical. I thought back to when I was younger. The years I was bullied by Dudley. For a long time, I didn't even think I was a real person. Everyone else had their parents that loved them and my life just wasn't the same as theirs. Even now, I couldn't really empathise with anyone else at Hogwarts. They were all living these happy little lives. They had no idea of the life I had lead and quite frankly I'd never want them to. I felt Hermione's eyes look at me, pulling me from my thoughts. She smiled at me. I smiled back. "Are we friends, Harry?" "I do suppose we are." There it is. Thank you for reading. I will be writing this alongside The Life He Leads, which I urge you to read if you enjoyed this. Thank you.