in the plasterboard of a wall - up a simple set of steps to the tower. The only stumbling block beyond that would be the password. Harry thought of attempting to perform a concealment charm, being after all in the magical safe haven of Hogwarts. However, in order for the charm to be even remotely successful, he would need to over-exaggerate the enunciation of the spell and he really didn't want the noise to alert anybody. So, he was going totally without magic. It reminded him of when he was younger. Whenever his birthday would come around, he would make himself scarce for the afternoon and go to the park near his house. Often he'd just sit, enjoying the quiet summer days away from his relatives. Looking back, his uncle and aunt must have known he'd left. Maybe they, in some rare act of kindness, allowed him that temporary freedom. They probably just enjoyed having a house that didn't have him in it. Harry heard light footsteps, making him instantly tense. They sounded as though they were coming from the corridor behind him, which was...impossible. The only way to get to the corridor was either from the entrance Harry had come from - he liked to believe he'd have noticed them - or from the adjoining steps. The steps, known rather comically in 'Hogwarts, a history' as 'the loud steps of loudness'. So, again he'd like to imagine he could've noticed them before then. Therefore, there was only one possibility. "Pleasant evening, is it not Harry?" Said Albus Dumbledore. Harry didn't know he got there and probably never would - the normal rules of magic just didn't tend to apply to the Headmaster, after all. "Er, yeah. Wonderful, professor." Harry replied, confusion colouring his voice. "Its nights like this where I'm reminded of my younger years. I fear you wouldn't have entertained my company in those days. I was rather less interesting than I am today." Dumbledore said, his eyes twinkling all the while. "I'm glad we've managed to cross paths now, as I don't think we would've had the chance to catch up otherwise." "Professor, I did intend to go to the opening feast, but I was-" "I'm sure you were simply taking a toilet break and had accidentally gotten sidetracked, my boy. Or perhaps you had a flash of inspiration and had suddenly thought of the thirteenth use of dragon's blood? I'll likely believe whatever happenstance you've managed to think up. If I honest with you Harry, it doesn't matter where you were. I'm rather more curious as to why you weren't there." "Now, we could simply leave our conversation here. I could walk back to my office and finalise the preparations for the Triwizard Tournament. You could walk to your dormitory, say disorder to Agatha's portrait. Or, you could tell me why didn't come to the opening feast. That's up to you." Harry thought for a moment. "As I had been saying, I did intend to come however I had to go to the toilet and rather got sidetracked." He said, his face showing nothing. "Of course." Dumbledore smiled a half-smile."Very well, my boy. I do look forward to seeing you throughout the year. You're professors had always said you had shown promise, let us hope you get a chance to showcase that." "Goodnight, Headmaster." Said Harry. "Toodle pip." Said Dumbledore, briskly walking away. They parted ways, Harry walking the short distance up to his dorm. The conversation rose many questions to Harry. However, the day was growing long and those questions would still be there after a night's rest. Harry met the portrait of the Fat Lady at the top the set of stairs, his apparently heavily footsteps waking her from her rest. She yawned theatrically, then began. "You do know what time it is, don't you? Honestly the nerve of the youth of today. Its your first day of term, young man. Show some respect." Harry half-ignored her - he, like every other Gryffindor since 1734, had grown use to her antics. "Can I give you the password?" She huffed, throwing her arms in the air with all of the grace of a tired toddler. "You think you deserve to go into this dormitory? Back in my day, you'd not get away with that." "The password?" Harry repeated. "Fine. Fine." She said. " What's the password ?" Her voice taking a mocking tone. "Disorder." "Have a lovely evening." The fat lady said. The door opened, showing an empty dorm room. The fire was still going - it being inextinguishable as far as Harry knew - but no-one was sat around it to take in the warmth. Everyone had already made their way up the stairs to bed. He checked the time on the grandfather clock. 11:38. Perfect. He might just be able to get away with this. He walked up the staircase, careful to remember to go up the correct, fourth year, set. That would take some getting used to. He thought quickly, quietly casting a silencing spell on to the door. Thankfully, the bedroom was like a crypt save for the snoring of Dean Thomas, everyone having fell into a deep sleep after their huge meal. His stomach twinged. He'd have to wait until tomorrow to eat. He slipped into his bed, the majority of his luggage already having been moved, to the bed he supposed he had been given, by the house elves. He slipped into bed, barely remembering to change into his sleep ware. He closed his eyes, not even bothering to take his glasses off, his whole body almost falling into to the mattress. His mind had switched off totally, truly falling into a deep rest. Even so, he still couldn't get one thing out of his thoughts. What on earth was the Triwizard Tournament? There it is. My first chapter. Again, if you have any comments that would help me improve as a writer, they are always welcome. Thank you.