man's voice, and Madeline jumped toward her wand. She opened her mouth to shout, but no sound came out. It was then that Nicolas appeared, apparently removing a disillusionment charm. Despite her anger, she was impressed. He'd performed a silencing charm nonverbally and ridiculously quickly. "You should really consider doing more than locking your window. Or are Oliver's late-night visits worth the risk?" Madeline opened her mouth to retort, but again no sound could be heard. Furious, Madeline reversed the silencing charm nonverbally. It had been one of the first difficult charms she had mastered without speaking, for reasons such as this. "What the bloody hell is wrong with you?" she hissed. "I wanted to talk to you," he said, sitting next to her window, where there was a cushioned ledge. "You wanted to talk , so you broke into my house and silenced me so no one could hear me shout? Well done." "I do what I can," he said, making himself comfortable. Madeline noticed that her friend looked rather distressed. It had only been a few days since she had seen him, yet he already seemed years older. Oliver rolled over in the bed but did not wake, and Madeline was thankful for being mostly clothed. She slid out of bed, lit a candle, and sat next to him. "What's wrong?" "Oliver's always been a heavy sleeper," he whispered, laughing quietly. "Nick… what's going on?" "I couldn't sleep, and to be honest, I don't want to go back home," he said, closing his eyes, a frown set deep into his face. Madeline assumed it had something to do with his father. "Couldn't you stay with Margaret? I'm sure she'd love to—" "She's on holiday. Her parents took her to Italy to visit family. My father said I wasn't allowed to leave the country under any circumstances." "Did… did he say why?" she asked, not sure how to proceed. "No. Only that my responsibilities were here." "Is this what you wanted to talk about?" "No, it's not. Thank you for reminding me. Is your first meeting with McGonagall coming up soon?" "I'm not sure, I haven't heard from her," said Madeline. "This is probably going to yield a negative reaction from you, and I don't blame you," he said, turning to face her and remaining cautious. "Spit it out." "I want you to teach me everything McGonagall teaches you," he said, his voice full of a quiet desperation she hadn't heard in years. "Dare I ask why?" she asked, sighing. "Nick… there's no guarantee that I will be successful, so placing your faith and trust in me—" "Has never been a mistake before, so why would it be now?" "Because this is dangerous . McGonagall instructing me is one thing, but my bringing said instruction back to you and just hoping for the best? It's unnecessarily risky." "What do you suggest, then?" asked Nicolas. "Suggest for what—your continued education? There's a massive wizarding library in London; I'm sure you could find whatever it is you're looking for there." "I want to be an Animagus, even if it's a secret. Actually, it would be best..." "No, Nick, I'm not—you can't just drag me into your illicit plans. Being an unregistered Animagus won't help you get through Auror training. You do realise that, right?" Oliver stirred, but he continued sleeping. "It's not Auror training that has me concerned, Maddie," whispered Nick, his gaze worried and his voice quiet. Madeline took a deep breath, wishing she could do more to comfort her friend. "You have to tell me more if you want my help. I'm not going to agree to anything blindly. I know this has something to do with your father." "Not tonight. I'll let you sleep. You, however, need to apparate-proof your room and keep your window locked by a spell or password." "Why? Who would break into my room other than you or Oliver?" "I don't know, but something about leaving you completely vulnerable just doesn't sit well with me," said Nicolas, his tone severe. "Pardon? Completely vulnerable? Are you serious?" "Maddie, I could have kidnapped or killed you tonight without anyone knowing, without Oliver even stirring. It worries me. Please consider some sort of precaution," he pleaded. "Oliver will agree with me." "Fine," she conceded. "Just. Fine. I'll figure something out and let you know." "Thank you. I'm sorry to have bothered you," he said, and Madeline sighed again. They stood and she gave Nicolas a hug. For a few moments, they stood there, arms wrapped around each other. Oliver stirred and coughed, and as he sat up, barely awake, Madeline broke the hug and squeezed Nicolas' shoulder. "Nick, you know we're all here for you. You don't have to go through anything alone. Oliver, Claire, and I—we're all here for you." "Nick?" asked Oliver, blinking blearily. "Mate—what's going on?" "Just needed to see you two love birds." "Everything alright?" "Yeah," said Nick, nodding. "I'm going to Cornwall tomorrow for a week to visit Elaine. No visitors, no contact. Feel free to bother Oliver, even stay with him if you want," said Madeline. "Do you need to stay in Oliver's room?" "I'll consider it," said Nicolas, smiling. "Get back to bed. I'll see you soon." Madeline locked her window with a spell as Nicolas moved away from the bed. "Good. Now do something about the rest of your house," he said, looking serious. Oliver had already lied back down. "I will. Goodnight." "Goodnight." As Madeline climbed back into her bed, allowing Oliver to pull her close to him, she continued thinking about Nicolas and his father. While she began processing his fear and his concerns, she drifted off into an uneasy sleep. Chapter 2: Rekindling Nicolas watched the tension dissolve away from her as he finished his small speech. He hadn't meant to say so much, but he was tired of holding back. That was how he felt, and if she hated him for it, so be it.