the song that she had played on repeat the past summer after borrowing the device and thought she was home alone. She should've been, considering her mum and dad had gone to Diagon Alley with James and Lily to meet with Sirius, Remus, and Tonks for some drinks. Harry, Hermione, and Ron had gone as well to pick their books and do a bit of window shopping and the twins were up in their room making more of their prank inventions. And Harry had shown her how to use it and told her she could whenever she wanted, so she did just that. What she hadn't counted on was everyone coming back while she was dancing around the kitchen making tea and singing along at the top of her lungs. She still hadn't lived that down, with Ron and the twins mimicking her on several occasions just to annoy her. But when they had appeared that day and she had spun around mid-note, they're faces were priceless. Moreso, Harry's. He had just leaned against the doorframe, grinning with his eyes twinkling with happiness, and she distinctly remembers James saying something about her being just like Lily when she was Ginny's age. Harry smiled as everyone danced, Ron even getting up and throwing Hermione's homework onto the table and dragging her to join in. When he looked back to where Ginny had been sitting, he blinked when he found she was still there. Yet when he looked up, Dean was dancing with another fifth year. Harry frowned, anger beginning to flood his veins. Why the hell was Dean dancing with another girl, when his girlfriend was sitting right bloody there in front of him? His gorgeous, intelligent, witty, hilarious girlfriend. Ginny spotted the look as soon as it passed across Harry's face, quickly turning to look where he was. She cocked an eyebrow at her boyfriend, well ex as of about an hour ago, but still. Yeah, she may have been fibbing to Hermione about still being with Dean, but that's only because she didn't want an even bigger commotion. She had been meaning to break up with him for some time now and when he called Harry an 'arrogant prick' after the dung bomb incident, she may have jinxed him and broke up with him. Harry could be an arrogant prick, hell he acted like it most of the time, but that didn't mean she would put up with Dean saying that about him. That hadn't been the first incident either. Harry began to move, getting ready to beat the hell out of Dean and possibly jinx him, Ginny got up and grabbed his wrist. He stopped dead in his tracks, turning back to face the beautiful young woman. "What're you doing?" She questioned, frowning. "Going to knock some sense into Dean. The fuck is he doing dancing with some other girl and leaving you here when you're his girlfriend? It's not right!" Harry snapped, his anger growing once again. Ginny pushed down the fact that a pissed-off Harry was a very sexy Harry and squeezed his wrist to draw his attention back to her. Which wasn't that hard, since he looked down at his wrist then back up to her rather quickly. "We broke up." She stated, not daring to drop his wrist. Harry blinked once, twice, three times and opened his mouth but nothing came out. Didn't he just see them getting hot and heavy in the quad not even two hours ago or had Fred slipped another packet of Merlin's Magical Tobacco into his pumpkin juice again? "He called you an arrogant prick, I was already angry because of your dumbass prank and it was a long time coming. So, I called him an asshole, swatted his hand off my arse, and went after you and Ron. I was planning on Bat-Bogeying you two, but by the time I got to you I was just annoyed and didn't want to embarrass you too much." She explained, smiling innocently. Harry was still angry, a bit angrier now, but not for the same reasons. Dean grabbed Ginny's arse? Since when? Then her first statement came back to him and he was just astonished and went slightly braindead. The damn nargles, that was his excuse, not the girl standing next to him. And the next thing he said, immediately made him want to go for a swim with the giant squid in the black lake. "Would you want to go out sometime then?" Both their eyes widened at the question, Harry flushing and pulling his wrist away so he could run a hand through his hair. Ginny gaped at him, blushing tomato red. "I uh, I mean…" "Yes." She cut him off, coming back to herself. "What?" He didn't hear her right, she didn't just say yes? Did she? "Yes, I would love to go out with you." Ginny amended, doing a bit of a happy dance on the inside with just a bit of wand waving and sparkles making. Harry grinned, chest igniting with fire and without thinking, grabbed Ginny's hand and spun her onto the dancefloor. She ended up right next to Hermione, who winked and smirked at her. Harry joined her, grabbing her hand once again and twirled her around and pulled her in close as the song echoed around the lively Gryffindor common room. Come on, come on move a little closer, come on, come on I want to hear you whisper, come on, come on settle inside my love XXXXXXX So, whatcha guys think? This is just a one-shot but I'm debating possibly doing a couple more in this timeline and universe, I have a couple more ideas up my sleeve for it. Feel free to let me know and I'll keep dabbling in this corner of the fanfiction universe. Also, the song used is Accidentally in Love by Counting Crows, it's one of those songs that will make you dance, trust me on that!