spoke again, her tone clinical and detached. "No female could stand one this big. Truthfully, your cock looks like it can barely even stand on its own." He frowned. "It's actually a bit sad. He has this tiny little head, and he's rather lopsided, isn't he?" Lucius crossed his arms over his chest, lips pursed. "You're right about one thing, Mister Malfoy," she said. "Your cock is abnormal." "Ha! Good one!" Weasley began sniggering to himself at her declaration. "Never thought I'd hear that from you, 'Mione. Didja know you just told Malfoy's dad that his dingaling is wonky?" She smiled at her partner, extending her hand to help him stand up again to his full six-foot-something height. Such a gangly fellow. "Oh, did I?" she asked lightly. "A slip of the tongue, surely." Then Hermione Granger surprised Severus. She turned her head just enough in order to make eye contact with him. And she winked. Well. Well. Severus stood in the foyer of Malfoy Manor for a few moments, trying to process all that had just happened. As he contemplated Miss Granger anew, he couldn't help but be impressed. She was a saucy little minx, messing with Lucius Malfoy on his own turf. He was vaguely aware that his mouth was gaping open, still shocked that the woman had been flirting with him. He was also aware of a gentle tugging at his trouser leg. Looking around, he saw that the others had all left the room. Had he really been distracted for so long? He was now standing beside a Malfoy elf. "Sir?" a house-elf asked, dressed in a neatly pressed uniform with the Malfoy insignia emblazoned across his chest. "Sir, Master is asking for you outside with the birdies." "Yes, of course," Severus replied. He headed out to the peacock grounds in the back, behind the English garden, the Italian garden, and the rose garden. Malfoys will be Malfoys , he thought. There he found Lucius, Miss Granger, and Red. The former was walking down the central corridor of the aviary, carrying Louis le Gros in his arms. He pointed out the other peacocks to the young woman, all but ignoring the giant loping behind them. As Severus drew near, Lucius set the bird down at his feet. "Go along, Louis," he tutted at the bird. "What do you figure happened?" Weasley asked nobody in particular. The boy turned around and looked at him. "Professor, you hang around Malfoy here, yeah? Did you notice anything with his birds? I mean…" The boy hung his head sheepishly, ruffling his hair as his sentence trailed off. "Listen, Professor, I know your antivenins saved Dad during my fifth year, and you're a right genius like Hermione is. How has this thing been waddling around for a month after he was poisoned? It just doesn't make any sense." Well. The boy's words made Severus reconsider him as well. Perhaps he wasn't quite as dull as he first appeared. "Weasley, I do not think the bird was poisoned. He may just have severe indigestion. If, however, a kind of spell was—" "AAAAAAH!" It was a blood-curdling cry. From Lucius, who was now paler than Severus had ever seen him. "Mister Malfoy?" Granger asked, her eyes wide. "Is everything all right?" He grabbed her by the shoulders and spun her around, pointing her gaze towards a truly gruesome scene. At first, it just looked like a lot of blood. Blood and feathers. Blood and feathers and a slim, white peacock, lying gracefully on a straw-covered floor. This bird—a female, Severus supposed—had a small hole pecked open atop her skull. The blood had drained from it just like the life that had drained from her eyes. Behind her sat Louis le Gros, slightly cross-eyed with a ring of red on his face. He hadn't completely swallowed, though, and a bit of medulla oblongata hung from the corner of his beak. Lucius gasped. Granger stood in silence. And Weasley responded with his trademark grace. "Braiiiiiiiins," he intoned. He raised his arms out and wandered around the aviary, muttering the word once more. " Braaaaaaains !" Clearly, the boy was touched. Severus retracted whatever generous thoughts he'd been considering extending his way. "Ronald!" Miss Granger hissed, elbowing him in the side as she looked over at a tearful Lucius. The man had crumpled in a heap beside the peahen, stunned into silence. "Please be sensitive." "Sorry, 'Mione," Weasley replied. He stood up, brushed himself off, and reached for his wand. "Er… Anybody know what do with a peacock who's a—" "Don't say that!" Lucius said, standing between the Auror's wand and his beloved pet peacock. "What?" Weasley asked. "That!" Severus decided it was time to intervene. Weasley's tactics might have been juvenile, but it apparent what was going on. Even in the magical world, there was only one occasion where one creature began eating the brains of its own kind. He walked over to his friend, resting his hand on the man's arm. "It's time to face facts, Lucius. Louis has become a zom—" "The zed-word," Lucius said, clutching at Severus's open collar. "Don't say it!" Severus paused a beat. "Why not?" And Lucius said the thing that they were all thinking. "Because it's ridiculous!" Next up: Hermione rattled on, tapping her fork to the table with a nervous energy. "Listen, Severus, I was really hoping you'd be able to convince me nothing terrible will happen here. I mean… zombies ?" She tittered an odd laugh of disbelief. " Zombies. Until last month, I though zombies were purely fictional. When I first learned I was a witch, I read all the hidden histories of centaurs and goblins and giants. For that matter, I met centaurs and goblins and giants. At my school . As my teachers . When a zombie didn't step forward to teach basic maths or writing skills, I relegated zombies into the category of imaginary creatures, just like dryads and naiads and whatnot."