them, and holding a toy up in the air. Rhys looked up at her again, pleading in his eyes. She nudged him again, "Go play. I'm going to sit down right over here." Rhys let go of her hand and walked across the room to Teddy. She sat down beside Andromeda, who was watching Rhys closely. Suddenly, she turned to Maddalena. "Bellatrix." She whispered, almost unconsciously. Maddalena tilted her head, confused. "He looks just like Bella did, as that age. I think he may be hers." Maddalena's eyes widened. "She had a child?" Andromeda nodded, "Two. She has a daughter too, close to the twins' age." She answered, referring to the Weasley twins. Just then, Rhys walked back over to where they sat, Teddy behind him. He held a book in his hands. He held it out to Maddalena, "Sissy used to read this. Where Sissy?" he asked, beginning to cry. Maddalena pulled him into her lap, "I don't know where Sissy is. But we'll find her." She promised. She took the book from Rhys, and started to read. Teddy sat cross legged on the floor in front of her, and soon enough, Rhys was squirming, wanting to be put down. She did so, and he curled up on the floor as well. She heard somebody stop at the door, and looked up. Blaise and Ginny were standing there. "The meeting is about to start." He said. Maddalena nodded, "Okay, boys. Andy is going to keep reading to you. I'll be back soon, Rhys." Rhys nodded, unconcerned, as Andromeda had summoned two Teddy's stuffed toys and blankets, and given them to the boys. They were both nodding off, eyes heavy with sleep. Maddalena kissed them both and left the room. Blaise had Ginny's hand in his and Maddalena slipped her arm through his. They hurry down the hall, to the meeting room. They entered the room and Maddalena dragged her brother and Ginny over to where William was sitting. Maddalena transfigured a few empty glasses on the nearby table into chairs. They took their seats just as Kingsley stood at the front of the room. He was sitting at a long table with the higher up Order members, while everyone else just found space around the room. Minerva, Sirius, Remus, Molly, Arthur, Tonks, Severus, and Kingsley sat around the table now. Kingsley cleared his throat and Maddalena turned her gaze from Bill to the dark skinned man who stood before them. "Fred, George, and Lee are on their way in from a patrol, so we will wait to start officially until they arrive. For now, is there anything anybody wants to report?" he asked, his deep voice imposing in the quiet room. Remus stood, "I've been in touch with several rogue werewolves in the area. Most of them are asking to stay neutral. They don't want to join us in case Voldemort wins, and they don't want to join him in case we win." "Cowards." Sirius muttered, although he was loud enough for everyone to hear him. Maddalena had to nod in agreement. "Maddalena, Bill, how is the boy settling in?" Kingsley asked when Remus finished his report. Bill spoke beside her, and she could almost hear the smile in his voice. "He's doing just fine. He's a little skittish, and we still need to find out who his parents are and if they are still alive." Maddalena was about to speak, to let the Order know what she and Andromeda had discussed, when there was a commotion near the door. George and Lee pushed the doors open, and stood aside for Fred to enter. Maddalena's heart dropped at the sight of him. He was holding the arm of a woman. She looked to be injured badly and very dirty, but she still stood defiant. Maddalena could tell that Fred wasn't holding onto her tightly, but merely laying his hand on her arm. It was, as if, he trusted her already. "What's the meaning of this? Who is this girl?" he asked, his Auror training kicking in. "We found her just a few minutes from here. She is badly injured and I think she was looking for someone." George answered. As soon as Kingsley looked at the woman, she straightened her shoulders, and stared back at him. "Who are you?" he asked. The girl answered automatically. "Cassiopeia Lynx Lestrange." Her voice was loud, but had a tinge of fatigue. The room immediately broke into whispers. Maddalena ignored them, wanting to hear what the girl said next. "I am sorry to have intruded on your space. I'm looking for my brother and am desperate for help. Have you found a little boy, is Rhys here?" her voice broke when she said his name. Maddalena could tell that Kingsley was about to start interrogating the girl and obviously she could too, because she spoke again. "I'll tell you anything you want to know. Give me Veritaserum or perform Legilimency, I don't care. Just please, is he here? Is he safe?" the girl asked, nearly panicked. "He is safe." Bill called from his spot, when Kingsley stayed silent. The girl nodded gratefully, before she passed out in Fred's arms. He swept her into his arms, "Don't wait on me. I'll take her to Madame Pomfrey." He was out the door before Kingsley could protest. He hurried down the hall, shocked at how light the girl in his arms was. Thankfully, Madame Pomfrey was at Headquarters, restocking her stores. Madame Pomfrey hurried over when Fred pushed open the door. He carefully laid the girl, Cassiopeia, on the nearest cot. Poppy cast several diagnostic spells before lowering her wand. "Weasley. Which one are you?" she asked brusquely. "Fred." he answered. "Right. I need towels, and hot soapy water." Fred left the room, headed to the bathroom just down the hall. He got what Madame Pomfrey asked for and hurried back down the hall. She promptly closed the curtains around her, closing Fred on the outside.