truth, his Aunt Petunia had thought Tom would ask her for money, because, as handsome and well-dressed as he was, he had the same aura around him that reminded her of Harry, as that of an orphan. She had been right. But she had also been a fool to think he would ever want a muggle's money. Instead he wanted a place to stay. Now that Tom Riddle had returned, he would not go back to the filthy muggle orphanage he had been raised in. He would rather live in a muggle's house. If the famous Harry Potter could do it, why not the darkest wizzard of all time? Even though the Dursleys' lived in a muggle house, it was far better than the orphanage could ever be, and they were obviously very middle class, Tom had seen the lovely furniture, and he'd even seen Petunia's lovely garden from the windows. Before Harry had ushered him into the rather fancy bathroom and locked the door. But it was too late, he had already decided that he wasn't going to leave such a beautiful home. "So, here's the plan," Tom told the Dursleys, "I will let you alive live if you let me live here with Mr. Potter. "However," Tom stressed, "While I live here, Harry Potter will not serve you muggles anymore. I don't care if he is your nephew. I don't want him cooking your breakfast, lunches, or dinners. I don't want him cleaning your home, and I dont want him following any of your orders. "While I live under this roof," Tom said, "Harry Potter will only serve me. "And therefore," Tom said, "You cannot beat him anymore, or abuse him, or deal him any punishments. Because he only serves me, therefore he will only be punished by me. "Do we have a deal?" Tom asked. There was a moment of silence, while Tom waited for the filthy muggles' answer. "D-Deal." said Uncle Vernon hoarsely, with Tom's wand still at his throat. "Deal," Aunt Petunia said. "Deal," Dudley agreed. "Good," Tom said, "Perhaps you're not as foolish as I had thought." As Tom released his wand from Uncle Vernon's fat throat, the Dursleys' all nodded their heads in agreement. Except for one. Harry Potter, who had become slowly and eerily quiet. He was staring up at the tall figure of Tom's Riddle, in complete shock. He couldn't believe this was bloody happening! He, the boy-who lived? The horrible Dursley's? And the darkest wizard of all time? They were all just going to live together in one muggle house? This had to be a joke, or a dream, or a bloody nightmare! When Harry thought that last, dreadful word, he saw Tom's lips curl into the most deliciously evil smile. "Excellent," he said, as he addressed the muggles. "Now, if I'm to live here, you wouldn't dare have me sleep in a cupboard under the stairs, would you?" The Dursley's stared at Tom, as if wondering if he was a psychic. Finally Uncle Vernon said, "Of course not. No! We would of course give you a proper room to sleep in, wouldn't we Petunia?" She looked at Uncle Vernon like he had gone crazy, then when she looked back at Tom, her face went white. He was giving her a death glare. She knew that if the next words out of her mouth weren't the right ones, she would be dead on the spot. So, like the coward she was, she began nodding with her husband. "Of course, dear. We must give this...nice...young man a proper room to sleep in. Um..." She cleared her throat, which was suddenly very dry. "I'll give him my second bedroom," Dudley suggested. Both his parents looked over at their son. But Dudley was too stupid to realize that he wasn't supposed to help them charm a maniac. But Tom pet the top of Dudley's fat head like he was a dog. "How very generous of you." Tom said, running his elegant fingers through the fat kid's hair. Dudley managed a slow, shaky smile that wasn't the least bit convincing. His parents looked like they were trying not to jump out of their skin if Tom didn't stop touching their son. Finally, Tom took his hand away, and clasped them together, professionally. He was treating this hostage situation as some business meeting. They give him a place to stay, he gives them another day in the Muggle World. "Right then," Tom said, "I wish to go and see the room I'll be staying in. Dudley, will you escort me?" Dudley nodded, but he didn't move. He was staring at his parents, in a silent wish for them to not leave him alone with this weirdo. Uncle Vernon went to his son's rescue. "I think I'll join you both, I haven't been to that room since...since...this morning." he laughed nervously. Aunt Petunia giggled too, as if her husband had made a witty joke, instead of desperately trying to protect his son's life. "Ha-ha," She giggled along with him, "you know something, dear. I haven't been in Dudley's bedroom in some time, either. I'll need to have a better look at it. Because I want it to be in perfect condition for our new guest." "You're all too kind," Tom said. The note of sarcasm was there, but he didn't acknowledge it as he extended an elegant hand, to the door. "Please, lead the way to my new room," He said. The Dursley's all rushed out of the loo like it was on fire. Tom followed the muggles, at a calm, easy pace. The bathroom door was still open. A body was laying in there. It was Harry Potter. He wasn't dead. He had just fainted on the bathroom floor. A/N: Heyyyyy, I hope you enjoyed the first chapter of my new Tom/Harry story. Can you write a review and tell me what you think should happen in the second chapter? I really need ideas lol