filled Draco's lungs like fresh, autumn air he had been gasping for all year. He tried to take a step away from him, but Snape still had a hold on him. This was too good to be true. Why would he help him escape? Maybe this was a trap, straight to the Dark Lord, Snape's offering to gain him even more praise. For the Dark Lord, being handed a traitor was better than Christmas morning to a child. Just far more menacing, and the colors of red usually splashed on the wall by lights and ribbon, would come mealy from the waving of his wand over the poor sinner's throat. "Draco," Snape shook him a bit hard, "you have to listen to me. Run straight to Professor McGonagall's office and nowhere else, do you understand me?" Snape had gained back that cold, stern face and was now pushing Draco down the hall. With one last shove, he stopped and watched Draco stumble over his feet. "I wish you would have told me this sooner or picked a better time than now to have this revelation... but I am glad you finally realized that this life, is no life at all. I promise I will try and help your mother as much as I can." His stony, black eyes were piecing into Draco's. Draco still didn't understand what was going on. His stomach was in his throat and his heart felt like at any moment it would burst. A thin layer of sweat had started to form on his forehead and his throat was burning like he had just taken a shot of Fire Whiskey. The taste of bile was in his mouth now and it took everything he had to keep it from coming out. A whirlwind of emotions were running through his head an there was just not enough space in there for each one. "Now, quickly" and with one final shove, Draco was unknowingly running down as fast as he could to what he believed was the most unlikely person to help him escape. Snape stood there for a moment, listening to Draco's footsteps become increasingly harder to hear. "And I suggest," he calmly stated, "that you would be wise to also run, Miss Granger." Hermione gasped, unable to silence it. She was shaking something terrible and she still couldn't feel her legs. She tried to steady her wand arm, but there was just no use. Her tears were making it hard to focus, but she could hear something in his tone that assured her he wasn't about to attack. She straighten herself up and had started to take a step forward when his voice make her freeze again. "This is about to be a very unsafe hallway, and it would be wise to alert the Order to head to the Astronomy Tower." Snape turned his head over his shoulder, just enough to catch a glimpse of auburn hair whip around the corner, hearing her footsteps quickening with each step. Draco was having a hard time keeping his feet from tripping over each other. The light from the moon was minimal and the shadows it was casting on the walls didn't help calm his nerves. He braced his hands on the stone walls, letting the cold it was emitting consume him. His breaths were uncertain and his still bleeding hands were leaving small, cherry kissed smudges along the wall. He took a few steps forward, using the walls to help balance himself. "Go see McGonagall, is he serious?" he was gasping for air, coughing up bile in between each breath. "The sorting hat would sooner put me in Gryffindor before that bitch helps me in any way." He was nearing her office now, still unsure if he was even going to enter. He grabbed his wand and whispered a soft Lumos , just enough to help him see the rest of the way. The now ex-Death Eater and traitor was trying to steady his breathing as best he could, not wanting to reveal to anyone his position just yet. He was standing in front of her office door now, deciding if he should go in or take off on his own, but where would he go? Nowhere. He had nowhere to hide and not a clue where to start looking. This was his only option, a very doubtful one that. His fingers reached out, clutching the icy, brass door knob and was just about to turn it when he heard shuffling coming from the other side. He tried to listen more closely, when the door was pulled open so quickly, the person on the other side almost ran into him. "Oh!" the witch screamed, "What on earth.. Mr. Malfoy, what in Merlin's name are you doing here?" She gave Draco a demanding and untrusting stare. He wanted to hex that look right off her face. Draco hesitated for a moment, still unsure of himself on why he was there. Casting his eyes down, he whispered "Snape... sent me." He said it so quietly, he wasn't even sure she heard him. His jaw was clenched so hard, he was afraid it might snap. He glanced up to take a quick look at the old bat when her face told him she had definitely heard. "Mr. Malfoy," she breathed, "quickly, come inside." She walked back into her office and stood to the side, waiting for him to follow suit. The still confused wizard took a hard look at the witch, not understanding her sudden change of face. She seemed to looked relived now, but still very worried. Draco took a step forward into her office, hating himself more and more with every stride. How did his life end up here, relying on the people he had hated the most for help? Note: Well here we go! Hope it was good. I already can't wait to start chapter 2. It should be up in the next week or so :) Toujours.