sure everyone has their favourite subject," said Oliver. "And some lads care only for Quidditch," said Madeline, grinning. Oliver stuck his tongue out at her. "Quidditch does sound awfully dangerous," said Claire. Then, before another word was spoken, the train had stopped at its station in Hogsmeade. As they exited, they heard a man calling, "Firs' years! Firs' years this way!" "That'll be Hagrid!" said Madeline with a bounce, and they made their way towards a large, hairy man who seemed to be simply too big . "Hello," he said, beaming at them. He was holding a lantern in one of his massive hands, which illuminated his face oddly, but Madeline could see his little black eyes twinkling. "Hi," said Madeline, grinning again. "I'm Madeline!" "Nice ter meet yeh, Madeline. I'm Hagrid. We'll be taking the boats 'cross the lake." The boats were large enough for Madeline, Claire, and Oliver to all fit, along with another first year named Richard Callaghan. He was as tall as Oliver, wore glasses, and had reddish-brown hair like Madeline. Claire instantly made another friend: he had read Hogwarts, A History as well. Then, when it came into view, all of them gazed in amazement of the breathtaking castle. Madeline had seen photographs, but nothing compared to what she saw then: her first glimpse of her future home, with its many towers and turrets jutting into the inky night sky. Their awe left them all silent, and Madeline found herself more excited than she thought possible. Soon they were landing at a dock under the castle and following Hagrid up a few flights of stony stairs to the Entrance Hall. Madeline had heard that Professor McGonagall would be intimidating, but that had still not prepared her for seeing her for the first time. She was tall—so much taller than them all, in fact, that Madeline was a little scared. When Madeline glanced at Oliver, she knew that he was thinking the same thing. While waiting for the doors to the Great Hall to open, the four of them stood together neither saying much nor speaking to anyone else in the group of first years. There was a red-headed boy who was trying to introduce himself to everyone, but he was towards the back of the group. Professor McGonagall then opened the doors to the Great Hall and they all filed in. As Madeline walked in behind Claire, she gazed around, the sight making her grin and bounce. It was even better than she had imagined! The ceiling, which was a dusty navy, was surely opening up to the night sky! The group made its way to the front, and McGonagall announced that as she called out their names, they would sit on the stool, and then they could join their House. Madeline hardly heard a word the Sorting Hat sang, as she was too consumed by her own thoughts. She knew she ought to be listening, but she was too nervous to pay attention. What if she wasn't a Gryffindor? She didn't even really know why she preferred her parents' House. After the Sorting Hat finished singing, it didn't take long for Callaghan, Richard's name to be called. He was sorted into Ravenclaw, as was a girl named Clearwater, Penelope. Clute, Murray was the first to be sorted into Hufflepuff, and then Denson, Claire's name was called. After a short while sitting on the stool with the Sorting Hat, the hat announced that Claire was a Ravenclaw. Madeline smiled and cheered for her new friend, half wishing she was in Ravenclaw, too. Then she caught sight of Oliver's expression, which was rather distraught. Had he hoped Claire would be a Gryffindor? A girl named Ellison, Elaine was being sorted into Hufflepuff when Madeline's attention returned to the ceremony. After what seemed like ages of waiting, Madeline's named was called by McGonagall's stern voice: "Palmer, Madeline." Madeline shot Oliver a look of terror, but he smiled and nodded, giving Madeline a brief rush of confidence, which was enough to propel her feet to the aged, wooden stool. She tenderly placed the Sorting Hat atop her small head, not really knowing what to expect. "Hmmm," said a soft voice in her ear. Madeline saw Oliver's face, took a deep breath, and felt calmer. This was not a time to panic. "Intellect is there, as is some courage. Plenty of ambition, too. Honesty, sure... Let's see. Of course, there it is. Unfailingly loyal, you are, my dear." Really? she thought. Unfailingly loyal? "Oh, yes. You are a true Hufflepuff, one of the truest I've seen in many years," came the Hat's voice. Madeline felt her heartbeat quicken. She was a Hufflepuff? A true Hufflepuff ? What did that mean? She thought she was a Gryffindor! Weren't Gryffindors loyal too? But my parents—and Oliver— she thought quickly. "Of course, if you'd rather be placed elsewhere..." But… I'm a true Hufflepuff? Are you sure? "Yes. So, if you don't mind, if you're not going to protest—HUFFLEPUFF!" Startled by the shout and the applause that followed, Madeline stood quickly and placed the Sorting Hat back on the stool. She looked towards the first years still waiting to be sorted and saw his face almost immediately. Oliver's mouth was slack with disbelief, and Madeline gave him a brief look of confusion, shrugged, and sat at the Hufflepuff table, which was genuinely happy to receive her. She sat next to the girl named Elaine and the boy named Murray and smiled nervously at some of her older housemates. Madeline then watched as her best mate in the whole world was sorted into Gryffindor. Chapter 2: Early Morning Breakfast "You know I'm right," she said, still laughing. Oliver shook his head, but he was grinning. After a few moments of laughter, Madeline came to her senses. "Why did you really come here?" "I wanted to apologise, actually," he said, his left hand on the back of his neck. "You know, for not telling you."