in, sing me songs, tell me stories, tell me she loved me. I don't get any of that with my father, and I thought being in Slytherin would win his approval, but now I've lost it even more. I've spent my whole life trying to fill his expectations and be like a Slytherin, but I can't. " "You don't act like Gryffindor is that bad for you," Albus catched what he thought was a loophole. "I rather have a really good friend and be in Gryffindor, then no friends and be in Slytherin," Albus beamed at Scorpius' remark. "You know, if you think about it, James is the reason we are stuck here every night," Albus changed the subject. "Can't we finish are last punishment before we do something stupidly impulsive again." "But then it wouldn't be stupidly impulsive," Albus said putting a hand to his heart. Ever since that night, Albus and Scorpius were real friends, stick to each other for the rest of your life kind of friend. It took them a while to come up with something to prank James with, and when they did, by gosh was it good. "YOU THREE, I CANNOT BELIEVE MY...OH, I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'M GOING TO DO," McGonagall screamed in her study as James, Albus, and Scorpius stood in front of her, twiddling their thumbs and dripping water all over the floor. "I guess next time we need to calculate it a little better," Albus whispered out of the corner of his mouth to Scorpius. "Professor, I would like to add that I merely was in the wrong place at the wrong time," James defended. "Shut it Potter," she said with stone in her words. "Yes Professor." "Just what were you two even thinking?" To backtrack over the last week, Albus convinced Scorpius, by some unknown miracle, to make a potion in the owlery with him. A type of explosive. They intended to set it off around James to make his eyebrows singe off, and it didn't exactly go to par. James had come to the owlery to send a note back home about how his second year was going, and was greeted by Albus and Scorpius running out carrying the potion. With collision of the three boys, the potion went off, not harming the boys even a little, but rocketing them into the air and the barreled through the sky and landed in the lake. Hagrid who was luckily nearby saw the boys lift into the air, whilst screaming, then somersault into the water. He had helped them out, then took them to McGonagall because 'it's the right thing to do, ye see'. "Out of all the idiotic things I have encountered, and I have encountered a lot, this is by far on of the most dangerous, you two are eleven, who's to say you had made a potion that when it exploded, killed you." The two first years shuffled their feet in embarrassment, in their defense that's why Scorpius did the potion, not Albus. "You're parents, once again, will be owled, where they will put all these letters, I do not know," McGonagall groaned and waved them away and sat in her seat rubbing her head, she was too old for this. "Hey James, that was pretty good wasn't it," Albus asked tugging on his brothers robes as they left the study. James yanked his arm away angrily "what's your problem Albus?" "I don't understand, I didn't know I had a problem." "You're my little brother Albus, you were suppose to be my best friend and prank people with me, but instead you haven't even paid attention to me all month." "I have my own life James, I'm sorry I didn't live up to your dream, we are different people," Albus said defensively. "That's the thing Albus, we are both pranksters, but I didn't even know that, I've known you your whole life, but Malfoy knows you more after a month, you ignore everyone except him." "It just doesn't seem fair that I'm not allowed a friend, but you wanted me to join your club. I thought you would be happy that you and I are getting into trouble together." "We aren't, you're getting in trouble with him," James explained. "James, we're brothers, and you're the best brother, but you know that we would never work as a team, we would clash too much." "But why is Malfoy more important than your own brother." "He isn't, we are brothers, but not best friends, there's nothing wrong with that. I thought we had a good thing going pranking each other, instead of joining together...little brotherly rivalry," Albus poked, hoping it would fix everything. "That potion was a good idea," James said coming around. "Yeah, and Fred could join you, make it two versus two." "I will get my revenge," James said, now accepting the current situation. "Oh will you," Albus pushed. "Yes, and it will be good, don't expect it soon, a lot of planning in going into it, but it's coming." James walked off, presumably to join his friends, while Albus turned to look at Scorpius...who wasn't there. "Scorpius?" Albus went to their dorm to find Scorpius sitting on his bed, chewing his robe sleeve "you okay?" "Yeah," Scorpius said confused, dropping his sleeve. "You walked off." "It seemed like a private moment." "You promise you'll tell me when you're upset right," Albus prodded, just a month and he knew Scorpius was an anxious person. "Of course," he answered quietly. The two boys managed to stay out of trouble for the rest of the month, getting in a routine of going to classes, cataloging, going to dinner, cataloging, going to bed, repeat. With books scattered all around them, Scorpius wrote down the final book, then held it to the air "DONE!" In all honestly, the only reason the got disciplined at finishing it, was to have more time to anticipate what James would, and plan a revenge attack.