so as to be able to use his hands, and which fell past the knees of his extremely baggy jeans. She was herself wearing Aunt Petunia's ugly brown dress that fell down to her ankles. "Don't speak to me like that, you little nasty-" Uncle Vernon began but Harry cut him. "Okay, I can't see the World Cup and Rohini can't see Padma. Can we go now, then? Only I've got a letter to Sirius I want to finish. You know - my godfather." "Ah, Sirius…" Rohini sighed. "Wonder if he had killed anyone, lately? Must be hard, to resist the urge…" They watched the purple recede blotchily from Uncle Vernon's face, making it look like badly mixed black currant ice cream. "You're - you're writing to him, are you?" said Uncle Vernon, in a would-be calm voice -but the twins had seen the pupils of his tiny eyes contract with sudden fear. "Well - yeah," said Harry, casually. "It's been a while since he heard from me, and, you know, if he doesn't he might start thinking something's wrong." Rohini glanced at her brother proudly. They could almost see the cogs working under Uncle Vernon's thick, dark, neatly parted hair. If he tried to stop Harry writing to Sirius, Sirius would think the twins are being mistreated. If he told Harry he couldn't go to the Quidditch World Cup, Harry would write and tell Sirius, who would know they are indeed being mistreated. There was only one thing for Uncle Vernon to do. "Well, all right then. You can go to this ruddy ... this stupid ... this World Cup thing. You write and tell these - these Weasleys they're to pick you up, mind. I haven't got time to go dropping you off all over the country. And you can spend the rest of the summer there. And you can tell your - your godfather ... tell him ... tell him you're going." "Okay then," said Harry brightly. "How about Rohini?" "She can go too, now LEAVE THIS ROOM!" Uncle Vernon shouted and the twins ran upstairs with a laugh. "I'm so grateful for Sirius." Rohini said, jumping on her bed before tearing up a page of her journal to wrote her answer to Padma. "Do you think Hedwig could deliver this on her way to The Burrow?" "Sure." Harry said, spotting his owl coming down from the sky and taking a step backward to let her in. "OUCH!" said Harry suddenly as what appeared to be a small, gray, feathery tennis ball collided with the side of his head. Harry massaged the spot furiously, looking up to see what had hit him, and saw a minute owl, small enough to fit into the palm of his hand, whizzing excitedly around the room like a loose firework. Thranduil hissed loudly and hid under Rohini's bed, his eyes shining dangerously. Rohini caught the tiny bird like a baseball player and untied up a letter from its leg. "Isn't it Ron's new owl?" She asked as she handed up the letter to Harry. " Harry - DAD GOT THE TICKETS - Ireland versus Bulgaria, Monday night. Mum's writing to the Muggles to ask you to stay. They might already have the letter, I don't know how fast Muggle post is. Thought I'd send this with Pig anyway ." Harry read aloud. "Pig?" Rohini stopped him, looking at the tiny owl she was holding between her fingers, worried it would fly off again. " We're coming for you whether the Muggles like it or not, you can't miss the World Cup, only Mum and Dad reckon it's better if we pretend to ask their permission first. If they say yes, send Pig back with your answer pronto, and we'll come and get you at five o'clock on Sunday. If they say no, send Pig back pronto and we'll come and get you at five o'clock on Sunday anyway. H ermione's arriving this afternoon. Percy's started work - the Department of International Magical Cooperation. Don't mention anything about Abroad while you're here unless you want the pants bored off you. See you soon – Ron " Harry seized his eagle-feather quill once more, grabbed a fresh piece of parchment, and wrote his answer. "I'll use Ron's owl so you can use Hedwig." Harry said as he folded this note up very small, and with immense difficulty, tied it to the tiny owl's leg as it hopped in Rohini's opened hands with excitement. The moment the note was secure, the owl was off again; it zoomed out of the window and out of sight. Harry turned to Hedwig. "Feeling up to a long journey?" he asked her. Hedwig hooted in a dignified sort of a way. "Can you take this to Sirius for me?" he said, picking up his letter. "Hang on ... I just want to finish it." He unfolded the parchment and hastily added a postscript while Rohini tied up her own letter to Hedwig's other leg, telling her to deliver it to the Patils. Then Harry tied Sirius' letter to Hedwig's leg; she kept unusually still, as though determined to show him how a real post owl should behave. "I'll be at Ron's when you get back, all right?" Harry told her. She nipped his finger affectionately, then, with a soft swooshing noise, spread her enormous wings and soared out of the open window. Harry watched her out of sight, then crawled under his bed, wrenched up the loose floorboard, and pulled out a large chunk of birthday cake. "Want some, too?" He asked Rohini who nodded and took a slice from Padma's cake. Or more likely, Mr. Patil since he was apparently the one doing the cooking. "I can't believe we're gonna leave Privet Drive for the summer." Harry said, beaming. "Well, I ain't complaining." Rohini said, and the twins looked at the beautiful weather outside, both thinking about the upcoming Monday. Things promised to be exciting for them.