in fact, magical. My father was a half-blood squib, but my mother…..my mother was descended from dryads. Tree spirits." Draco's eyes rounded with surprise and wonder. "Tree…. spirits ?" Hermione, watching his face closely, nodded. "This little tree here…...is my counterpart. My other half. Draco…...she's me." Draco didn't say anything. He didn't know what to say. Taking his silence as doubt, Hermione added, "I promise…...I'm not crazy and I'm not making it up. I came back here because I was called . Then when I saw this hawthorn, I knew." Reaching for his hand, she said, "Come here….let me show you something." Hermione led Draco to the other side of the tree. There, she pointed to something on one of the branches. Getting up closer to inspect, Draco saw that something had been crudely hacked into the bark. Mudblood . He gasped. It was all now starting to making terrible sense. Facts and events started crashing in his mind with lightning speed. His favorite tree...this hawthorn. His wand...hawthorn, too. The little tree teaching him a lesson in respect, letting him feel the sting of its thorns and its displeasure in its fragrance. Hermione teaching him a lesson in respect by punching him in the face after he'd disrespected and disregarded the plight of a magical creature. Hermione's wild, nymph-like hair. The wooded brown of her eyes. The strength of her magic. Her endurance. The wood shivering with shared pain the day Hermione was tortured. The grove afterward being hostile toward the Malfoys for allowing Hermione's torture. And now this. His little tree showing the same scars on it that Hermione had. " Draco, never is anything just what you see it to be." His little tree. Hermione. She was his. Reaching for her, he hugged her as tightly as he could. Draco began to shake, overwhelmed with the truth. Hermione continued to talk, her fingers combing through the shorter hair above his ears. "I should have realized it sooner. I mean, looking back, it's so obvious now. Ron mocked me for always having a soft spot for you, but I couldn't help it. Harry didn't understand, either. And…...I guess that's why I was also drawn to camping…...to being in the woods. Why I would always apparate us to a forest when we were on the run," she said, referring to her, Harry and Ron's time while they searched for horcruxes. 'I told Harry one time that we should just stay in the woods and grow old there. But now I know I couldn't have done that. Not that wood, anyway." Pulling away a bit so she could see Draco's face, she said, "Those weren't my woods. My tree wasn't there. This grove is my home. It's where I belong." The next words that popped out of Draco's mouth caused Hermione to laugh, "Uh….so…..what do dryads do all day?" "We heal the land." Giving him a knowing look, she said, "I imagine there will be quite a bit of work for me to do here….don't you think?" Draco nodded, ashamed. Voldemort's dark magic had stripped the ley lines running through their property of much of their magical energy. "I suppose you can start here?" he asked as he pointed to a vine that had twisted itself around the base of the hawthorn's trunk. "Oh, no. Leave that," Hermione hastened to say. "Why? That vine is a parasite. It will choke the life out of your tree." "Our tree, darling. I belong to you, as you do to me. And that vine is not squeezing the tree. It's supporting it." Draco frowned. "How do you know that?" Grinning, Hermione pulled her wand out of a side pocket of her gown. "Vine wood. 10 ¾ inches. Dragon heartstring." Draco looked at her. Then he started grinning, too. "A thousand pardons. I stand corrected." "Not at all. We'll learn as we go." 'Well, then…..what's left?" Hermione looked at Draco steadily. "For me to claim my mate….the Lord of my Wood." Draco swallowed. He now understood how Hermione had had the courage to come back to the manor. Why she had worn that white gown. What she must have said to his mother. But all he said was, "Please don't keep your lord waiting." She didn't. Pushing Draco downward to the soft mossy floor, she followed afterward, letting Draco's body be her bed until he rolled them over to have her underneath him. And in that position they stayed for the better part of the night, first incanting the ancient words of the bonding, then claiming each other again and again and again. Hermione released to the wounded land the energy of their coupling, making the grounds come alive that night with the strongest of light magic, the magic of love. The wards over the Malfoy properties pulsed in glad abandon, breaking its constraints, freeing the lands to thank their mistress and the wizard she would now call her husband. Lucky Man. No one at the party remarked on their absence; none but a few observed when a series of stars shot across the expanse of the evening sky or when the ground below them rumbled, resonating in primal joy at the consummation of the union of the rightful Lord and Lady of the Wood. The ancient oak that had remained twisted since the night of Hermione's torture rose up in celebration of the restoring of all things. Blooms seemed to float down to crown Narcissa wherever she walked that evening, but if anyone noticed when roots suddenly turned up to trip Lucius throughout the night, no one but the trees in the wood laughed at the sight of it. 000 AN: This story was inspired by two fanfiction stories: Fated, by Hanako A and Happy Christmas, Draco by somuchcloser. I fell in love with the concept of Hermione being a dryad. Hanako's vivid description of it really sparked my imagination! And I adored the redeemed, humble Draco that somuchcloser portrayed in her lovely one-shot.