in a cold and formal way. She had not forgiven her parents for going against her when she had only done good for them. They had left her when she needed them the most and that had devastated her. She noticed that Aunt Julia and Amelia were waiting for some sort of fight to happen so that they could take the gossip to the rest of the family, and apparently her parents were too dumbstruck to reply to her greetings. "Aunt Julia, why don't you lead the way in. We can catch up as we get checked into our rooms," she said, breaking the building tension among them. As they walked in Amelia struck up a conversation with her. "Did you know that this resort is owned by the Malfoys? Their family is one of the richest families ever. And have you seen Draco Malfoy? He is practically the hottest guy ever to be born. I have met him a few times and he was really sweet to me. I don't suppose you know much about him? After all going to a 'private school' must make it difficult to know the things happening in the outside world?" she said, trying to taunt me. "Actually I do know the Malfoys…" she said and before she could finish they reached the reception desk and Aunt Julia called us both forward. The woman at the reception desk raised her head to greet her customers with a formal 'Good morning' but the people in the lobby were treated to an undignified girly shriek from her. Parvati Patil got up from her seat at the reception and came over to hug Hermione. "Hermione! What are you doing here. You were supposed to get checked in last weekend for some leisure time with…" Before she could finish her sentence, Hermione interrupted her. "I know Parvati, but he apparently had an important business deal to sign and he completely overlooked the fact that it was my birthday. He is in Japan right now. Honestly he is such a workaholic. I sometimes tell him that he should get married to his job." Parvati chuckled and said, "That is coming from a girl who spends 14 hours a day working as head of DMLE. But if he forgot your birthday, you have every right to be angry at him. So tell me, should I give you the keys to your regular penthouse suite?" "Yes. Just tell me if he checks in. Okay?" "Sure Hermione." Hermione's relatives were looking at the scene with surprise. After Parvati handed over a set of dragon emblazoned keys to Hermione, she turned to the rest of the Granger family. She looked at them from top to bottom, trying to figure out their status in a luxury hotel like this. "Good morning. What can I do for you?" she asked in a polite and formal manner, all trace of the cheerful girl seen a few moments before gone. Julia just opened her mouth to answer, when Hermione said, "Parvati, we are here for the Granger Family reunion. So just upgrade all of the rooms booked under the name Granger to the best suites we have here and charge it to my account." Julia who was feeling offended for being sidelined said, "Are you sure you will be able to afford it dear? We have around 40 to 50 people coming." Parvati was surprised at the smug expression that Hermione's relatives were wearing. Just then she remembered that Hermione had a long standing problem with her parents and extended family. She couldn't believe that they had the nerve to insult Hermione thinking that she didn't have enough money. She grinned to herself, and said, "Please don't worry ma'am. If she wants, Hermione could buy this entire resort and it wouldn't put a dent on her account." Julia, Amelia, Dan and Emma looked dumbfounded at the receptionist's reply. Even if the entire Granger family pooled in their money they wouldn't be able to buy this resort. What had happened to the Hermione they knew and more importantly where did she get so much money from? As they stood there stunned, Parvati winked at Hermione who just grinned and said, "Aunt Julia, could you please tell everyone regarding the upgradation of rooms, so that they can shift to the new rooms. I'll just be in the penthouse." With that she walked off. All Hermione wanted was to have a good soak in the tub and relax before she had to face the rest of her nasty cousins. As she entered her penthouse suite, Hermione experienced a sense of loneliness. She and Draco usually came to the hotel together and since they had been engaged, she had been constantly living with him. She hadn't seen him for the past week and he had also missed her birthday. Hermione was not a high maintenance girl but she liked surprises once in a while. She had expected that Draco would do something romantic for her birthday, especially since it was also on the one month anniversary of their engagement. She had been disappointed when he failed to remember it at all. She was not angry at him. Hermione had learnt through the war how valuable relationships were and how easily they could break down. She knew that being angry was pointless. She understood that he still loved her a lot and they would celebrate many more birthdays together in the future. But she was sad. To brighten herself up a little, she spent a relaxing hour in the bath tub which she had scented with her favorite lavender oil. When she got out, she felt calmer, which she really needed as she had to face her awful cousins soon. They had a formal dinner, in which the entire family showed off their wealth through their dresses and jewellery. Hermione took a deep breath before she sifted through her closet to find the perfect outfit to make all her relatives' jaws drop.