about this…" Rohini said and the twin exchanged a nervous glance. Hagrid would never send him anything dangerous on purpose, but then, Hagrid didn't have a normal person's view of what was dangerous. Hagrid had been known to buy vicious, three-headed dogs from men in pubs, and sneak illegal dragon eggs into his cabin. "You know what, maybe you should open it." Harry said, pulling the heavy package into Rohini's arms. "Coward." She said before pulling on the wrapping paper in a strong wave of her wrist. "Oh, it's two boo-" She began before dropping them with a yelp: one of them had opened and revealed tiny teeth that almost sank into her hand. They just had time to register the furry green cover, emblazoned with the golden title The Monster Book of Monsters , before the two manuals scuttled sideways under the bed like some weird crab, making angry Chihuahua like noises. "Uh-oh," Harry muttered. "We need to stop them or they're going to wake Uncle Vernon up." Rohini said though she had no idea how to deal with the strange situation. Thranduil was hissing from her bed, obviously distressed by the aggressive books. "Maybe we can tie them up?" Harry suggested as his eyes fell on his belt hanging from his chair. "You do that." Rohini said. "I'm not willing to get bitten by the book version of Aunt Marge." "Thanks Rohini." Harry said before jumping off his bed and running towards the chair, the two books suddenly coming after him. Panicked, He jumped on one of them, flattening it, but the second book bit his toes, making him hiss in pain. "Actually, I wouldn't mind some help!" He groaned and Rohini gulped before sizing Harry's flashlight and hitting one of the book with it hard enough to calm it down. "Give me the belt." She said, tying it up around the odd creature. "Do you have another one?" "Here." Harry said, handing her his last belt. Rohini buckled it tightly around the book Harry was stepping on and the twins sighed in relief once it was over. "Why would he send us that?" Harry said, panting and pushing his hair away from his sweaty forehead. "There's a card, too." Rohini said. It read: Dear Harry, Rohini, Happy birthday! Think you might find this useful for next year. Won't say no more here. Tell you when I see you. Hope the Muggles are treating you right. All the best, Hagrid "Why would he thought a biting book would come in useful?" Harry said and Rohini thought about it. "Call me crazy, but I have a feeling it's related to our new class. You know, Care of Magical Creatures or something like that. What about Hogwarts letter?" "It's thicker than usual." Harry noticed as he slit the envelope opened. " Dear Mr. and Mrs. Potter, Please note that the new school year will begin on September the first. The Hogwarts Express will leave from King's Cross station, platform nine and three-quarters, at eleven o'clock. Third years are permitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade on certain weekends. Please give the enclosed permissions form to your parent or guardian to sign. A list of books for next year is enclosed. Yours sincerely, Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress" "Oh, we're going to be able to visit Hogsmeade!" Rohini said, joyful. "Fred and George told me about it, it sounds delightful!" "There's only one problem." Harry said, looking grim. "We need Uncle Vernon to sign it." "Oh." Rohini said, losing her smile. "Damn, that's rotten luck…" Harry sighed and stood up to close the window when a new owl rushed inside and crashed into Rohini's stomach, making her huff. "Oh, it's the Patil's owl!" She said, beaming as she untied the little parcel from the owl's legs. The bird hooted and let her scratched him under his beak before flying away. Padma Patil was the first friend Rohini had made at Hogwarts and the person she loved the most after Harry. Rohini unwrapped the parcel and gasped; inside was a box filled with different pastries, some she recognised and other she hadn't try yet. There was also a journal inside and a card that said: Dear Rohini (and Harry, of course), Happy Birthday! I hope the pastries will not be all crumbled from the flight. Mum helped me with those after I accidentally let the first set burn. Now she keeps teasing me about being the worst cook of the family. (She doesn't mean it; everybody knows Parvati is the worst cook of the family.) I hope the Dursleys are treating you well. Dad is still scandalised by your Uncle attitude from when he saw him at King Cross. He told me to tell you that if you feel like you need to run away, our door will always be opened. Ps: I know that you never had a diary before (Riddle's one doesn't count) so I thought you might want to try to keep one! Use it well. Love, Padma "Just so you know," Harry said, "you have a stupid grin on your face." "Oh, shut up." Rohini groaned, her cheeks burning. "Well, that was one of the best birthdays of my life." "Don't speak too fast." Harry said, though he too was beaming, "We still have a whole day in front of us." "And half a night." Rohini added before yawning. "Well, goodnight Harry!" "Goodnight, Rohini." Harry said sleepily as they both go to bed. As they both finally fell asleep, they heard a dog howling somewhere in the street. ' Maybe it's wishing us Happy Birthday, too. ' Was Rohini's silly thought before her eyes closed and she began to snore. XX X X XX Yes, I said I was going to take a break between Part one and Part two. Looks like I'm unable to rest properly, heh... Hope you guys will like the third part of the Harry as a twin!AU as much as the two first!