class after class. The nerve of him! Up to that point, to the contact, Potter had been at bay in his own adrenalin rush, tilting precariously between fight and flight. Two things happened at the touch. One Harry hardened on the flight part of the deal, and two, for the second that lasted the touch before the magic hurled him seven feet back, Snape felt the raw terror that was Potter. This was no mere teenage embarrassment at his own ineptitude, this was something else. For the first time that day Snape didn't just look at the boy, he saw him. His eyes where hued with the same color of the magic that was cracking the air. Potter turned his head back to the door before Snape could decipher the meaning of the eyes and just as he leaned his forehead back against the door it exploded in a million splinters. Meanwhile Harry was seeing the magic. It was like a big pulsing net of energy, each color a different spell, each spell a form, a smell, even a taste. He could feel the spell keeping him in, caging him to the room with uncle Vernon. He touched it and with more resignation that any real feeling he just wished it away in a detached kind of way. He was tired. He was so very tired. Upon feeling the first backslash "Duomodoro!" yelled Snape waving his wand in front of himself as fast as he could, casting a corporeal vault of intricate shadows to cover the screaming students and himself. Some slivers of wood got trough before the spell took shape, but he managed to stop most of the exploding door. It all stopped in a few seconds. Some wooden dust the only remains of an age old gate. With a flick of his wand, Severus vanished the dome into thin air . Potter half stumbled half ran out the classroom and Snape was right after him, leaving behind a chaos of disarray desk, parchment and stunned silence of the students. Potter was in the corridor, leaning a one hand against the wall, the other holding his head in place, his back to the DADA room. "What for Salazar teeth was that ?" Snape was furious and rightly so. "Look at me when I talk to you!" Had the headmaster not frown upon it, he would had hexed Potter on the spot. " .ME!"he mas mad with fury, after that spell in there, after that….that tantrum ! He took the boy by a shoulder and slammed his back against the wall, the motion bleeding anger. "What makes you think that you can cast that kind of spells!? What kind of blithering idiot…" the boy would still not look at him, he seemed lost in thought, looking at his own hand but seeing beyond. That's when the professor saw the markings for the first time. Again that same color, snaring up the boy's arm like some kind of ivy, swirling up his hands and into his sleeves, down his ears and neck and again into the robe, where he was sure to find more patterns hidden by the clothes. Wrath forgotten for the moment, he followed the lines with his eyes, he patterns nagging at his curiosity, teasing him with some out of reach knowledge. He've seen this before, or heard of it, or read about it or… He took one of the boy arms, needing to see more of the lines. The first touch startled them both. Something audibly cracked in the air and Snape felt the hair of the back of his neck standing on end. Severus rolled up Potter's sleeves, but the lines were simply disappearing. Harry meanwhile was caught up in some sort of shock of his own, that was the first time he's done magic ever since they…. Ever since summer. It felt….weird. Different, somehow. "I saw…" he started to say trying to explain the door and the wards, and the net, but stopped himself before saying too much. He doesn't know what he saw, he saw something, he felt something. Suddenly he remembered where he was, and whom with, and felt himself getting all over red pipe hot out of embarrassment. "Those lines" says Snape hardening his voice. "what spell did you cast" It looks like dark magic, nothing else leaves such marks in the body nor is so destructive. He turns Potter's arm back and forth looking for the lines that are gone. "Where did you find that spell?" he repeats the same looking process in the other arm and again there are no marks except… He takes Potter's right hand seeing some sort of lines, not indigo this time, but white. He passes a thumb over the lines, and like a seesaw of emotions, again the winds are out his sails. "What's this?" He asked, not angry anymore, just tired. They had all thought the rumors about the blood quill where false, something grossly exaggerated by the students. "Why didn't you say?!" he's bone deep tired. "Minerva would have" he doesn't get much further. The boy's hand's slipping off his grasp not fighting his touch, simply slipping boneless. The brat passing out. Had the student been awake he would have berated him his stupidity until his teeth ratted. But earing the voices of the sixth years, heads peaking out his doorless classroom he just casted a spell to keep him from hitting the floor and called on an elf to let Madam Pomfrey he's on the way. He should have told the creature to call Dumbledore as well he thinks while going through the motions, but knowing the headmaster he would provably be there if he is needed. End notes: This is nos a betaed story, and so, any and all the many mistakes you've found are all mine. I'll appreciate all corrections. Reviews are also welcomed, and very much loved. Make my day, let me know what you thought of this fic.