hard to tell yourself that you weren't the reason behind a certain situation happening and believe it, especially, when things seemed to go to shit right after your direct involvement. I took a deep breath and tried to run through the last several mornings to determine if there was anything that I could have said to change the outcome. I am sure to be replaying this memory over and over for the next several weeks, if not years, trying to figure the puzzle out. But as of right now, I can see that nothing would have made a difference. Behind the gloomy exterior, Draco had become Fiendfyre and it was only a matter of time before he destroyed everything in his wake. The end of term was fast approaching, and between studying for finals, strenuous amounts of homework, and deciding what classes to take next year to best prepare for a career, I was exhausted. More and more of my time was spent in the library, especially in the early morning when it was more likely to be empty. And the more time I spent there, the more I found myself wondering what the summer would hold, not only for myself but for Draco as well. It had been weeks since that day he left the library and I could tell he wasn't coping well with whatever was going on. The blond had a permanently haunted look on his thin face, and he constantly skipped meals and classes. And when he was seen he never participated and secluded himself with select Slytherin comrades by his side. I could practically see him coming apart at the seams and he had very little left holding him together. He had lost all the energy and light that had previously given him life, and all that remained was just a fragile shell encasing a soul devoid of colour. He had become the embodiment of the grey smoke I had once suspected him of being. It was more than just coursework that was tearing the Slytherin apart, that much was obvious. Only last week, rumors spread that Draco had spent time in the Hospital Wing after some sort of duel, but with his all too common disappearances this was only speculation. I was too much a coward to check the wing myself, for fear of unleashing his wrath if he had been there and found out I tried to see him, because like he said; we aren't friends . My brain screamed at me to leave well enough alone, but I couldn't help wanting to make one last attempt. I guess that is why I made my Prefect patrols longer than normal, in hopes that I'd run into him once more. That's how I'd glimpsed his familiar form in an upstairs corridor late in the evening a couple of weeks before end of term. Draco's signature dark robes hung loosely on his frame as he came down the hall in my direction. I stopped dead upon seeing him and didn't care if I looked like a crackpot at I stared pointedly at him. This was probably my last chance to say something and my mind went blank. He swept past me with only the briefest of glances and disappeared beyond the torch light like a wisp of smoke. He was gone, and that was the last time I saw him. Today dawned blue. Blue from the hue of overcast clouds blotting out the late spring sun. Blue from the unseasonably crisp air. Blue from the melancholy mood spread among the castle's inhabitants. And blue from the void that Dumbledore's death left behind. The war had finally reached out and sunk its teeth and claws into Hogwarts in a way no one could have predicted and left destruction in its wake that we, who were merely children, would never heal from. Our childlike innocence had been ripped from us and violated by the infiltration of our beloved home and school. Some were affected more deeply than others, as many had taken part in protecting the school. Fighting for your life at a young age was sure to shake your soul, but we were all marked by the unexpected loss of Dumbledore during the night's events. And as we gathered to lay the headmaster to rest, blue dawn light covered the preceding. While everyone else was enveloped in a world of blue, I was lost in the sea of grey. Only memories of grey smoke and steely eyes, because this morning he was gone. And while everything is blue, in my memory he'd forever remain grey. AN: Hello, all! Thanks for reading. This is actually my first ever completed FanFiction. Hooray! I got inspiration from Halsey's song one day when I was rereading HBP, and knew it was a song meant for Draco and it had to be written. Personally for this story, I love the feel of the version on YouTube that is 'Stripped' (from her Vevo) or the one she did at the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize Concert, but the lyrics are slightly different. The POV is meant to be ambiguous, but there are some hints as to who I envisioned the person of being. It seemed that this wasn't her story, and so it didn't matter as much who she was, so you all can fill in the blanks. Let me know in a review how you liked that choice, if there is a character that stands out as who she is for you, and if you might guess at who she is for me! With this being my first completed FanFiction, I didn't have a Beta so there are bound to be grammatical errors. So, I do ask that if there are things that need to be brought to my attention, please be kind in pointing them out. Thanks again for taking the time to read my work. Reviews are appreciated! Best, Tricia Completed: 08/08/2017 Edited: 08/16/2017: Removed lyrics to avoid violating TOS.