look back on in pride." ######### Voldemort stalked forward in the main hall of Azkaban towards the kneeling remaining members of the Order of the Phoenix, and the remaining Aurors, Dumbledore at their head. The battle had been long and hard but at last the forces of darkness had pushed the forces of light back, and after Voldemort gave the order a massive wave of stunner had capture all those who remained, so that they could witness Voldemort's final triumph. He had sent Malfoy senior and Pettigrew to fetch Potter from his cell, so that his old mentor could finally learn the truth. Dumbledore brightened as Harry was brought into the room, because his startling green eyes were cold and dead. Dumbledore thought with satisfaction that at least that was one Death Eater that would be denied to Voldemort. "Ah, Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, a pity that you were weak, your godfather lasted thirteen years in this place retaining his mind, you barely lasted four." Unseen to the Voldemort Harry's eyes had blazed with an internal fire at the mention of Sirius. Also unknown was the fact that at that very moment all of the pent up magic of four years of disuse was awakening, and starting to realise it was no longer dampened down. "A shame you cannot realise what is about to happen to you, I would have liked you sane when I finally got to take my final vengeance for fourteen years as a shade." "What do you mean, Potter is on your side, why would you want him dead?" Ron blurted out from the front of the group of Order members. "Ah, you are mistaken Mr Weasley, Harry Potter was and always has been a soldier of the light, it was once of my faithful Death Eaters you saw that day, I knew that the ministry could not resist humiliating the Boy-Who-Lived, who embarrassed them so much. The petty vindictiveness of Fudge was so easy to manipulate into removing one of the greatest threats to me, until such a time as I wanted to deal with it." At these words the Order and Dumbledore sagged in their bindings perhaps realising the magnitude of their mistake, not only losing their greatest hope of defeating You-Know-Who, but also condemning an innocent child to hell on earth. "And now it is time for you all to die, and my reign to truly begin." "Not today" a raspy voice came from the mouth of Harry Potter, a voice none of them thought they would hear again. "Ah, Harry Potter, I am glad that reports on your sanity, or lack thereof were greatly exaggerated. Now I have the pleasure of you being aware of your death." "Harry my dear boy, you must understand, you must forgive..." Dumbledore called out until he was interrupted "Silence, I must understand nothing, you lost the right to speak to me the day you condemned me to this hellhole." Harry spat at Dumbledore, fury in his eyes. He turned to Voldemort "Now to you, you may not have thrown me in here, but it was by your design, I will make you pay for that." Harry's anger was rising, and his magic was responding. Harry was a powerful wizard in his own right, but four years without being able to use it had built it up to a level not seen since the Tunguska Event. "Oh, and how do you plan on doing that Harry Potter, you have no wand, and you are my prisoner" Voldemort let out his high pitched eerie laugh. Dumbledore gasped, seeing the signs that he had only read about in history books, that of a massive magical build-up, knowing the consequences if it went critical, Dumbledore called out "Fawkes Refuge." This phrase activated the portkeys embedded in each of the order members medallions, which transported them to Hogwarts. Meanwhile in Azkaban Harry was starting to throw off bolts of pure magic as he walked slowly towards Voldemort, his Magic shimmering in an Aura all around him. The bolts of magic hit Malfoy Senior and Pettigrew, and the dissolved into magic themselves, with it joining the array around Harry. For the first time in his life Voldemort felt true fear. He looked on, and came to the last decision he would ever make. He pointed his wand towards Harry and with every ounce of his magic that he could call up screamed "Avada Kedavra." The green light sped towards Harry, but before it made contact it hit the aura. This final spell was all that was needed to tip the scales. Harry's Magic went critical. It exploded outwards with the force and heat of a nuclear weapon. Everything in its path was vaporised instantly, all of the Death Eaters present died within seconds. When the wave hit Voldemort it visibly struggled, it was fighting the Dark Magic, of which there was a great deal, before it finally overcame it and Voldemort too died, in the same way as all of his less extraordinary followers. When the wave hit the ward line, it flared for a second and then blew straight through, destroying the protections that prevented muggles from seeing Azkaban. It flew out until it was nearly a mile from the centre of Azkaban and then it dissipated, flowing back into nature. Harry had been at the centre of the explosion, but his magic had shielded him from it, he looked around in shock at what he had done, before collapsing over as unconsciousness took him. A/N Hi everyone, thanks for reading. This is my first attempt at fan fiction, so I would appreciate any constructive reviews. Flamers are less welcome. The idea of this story was to bring together all of my favourite Harry in Azkaban elements into one story. I don't know yet whether this will be turned into a full length story, life might get in the way. Anyway thanks again for reading and I hope you enjoyed it.