to kill you and then we have some other...arranges to take care of." Bellatrix said, sarcasm dripping from her every word. Dumbledore turned his attention to Draco, slowly drawing his wand out. "I shall make this easy for-" He didn't even get to draw it fully out when it already flew out of his hand. Dumbledore turned to back Alex. Eyeing the pale young witch who looked like she had a rough few months - or years - behind, Dumbledore hummed. "Ah, young Alexis. Non-verbal magic already?" He chuckled. "You really are one extraordinary witch. You know, you would make a good auror." "I would rather die than join you filths!" A very serious Alex spat out proudly, making Bellatrix cackle even harder. "That's my protege." She cooed, placing her hands on Alex's waist and peeking from behind her. Shuddering slightly, able to hide it from everyone else but Dumbledore, Alex bared her teeth the slightest. "I would be more than happy to finish you." the youngest occupant of the tower growled with a tone that Dumbledore didn't recognize to be hers anymore. "Draco!" Bellatrix demanded. She sounded bored already. "Kill him and let's go!" Draco's wand hand shook roughly. "You don't have to." Dumbledore said, trying to save Draco's soul. "Don't you DARE, you old filth!" Alex shrieked and pulled her sleeve up. A brand new dark mark in her arm made Dumbledore sigh in sadness. "It is a mission to be done for our Lord! It's an HONOR!" Alex spat out, looking fearless and furious but small all the same. "NOW DRACO!" Bellatrix shrieked. "A-...Ava-" "No." Draco's rambling cut off short by Severus Snape entering the astronomy tower. He slowly walked from behind Draco and looked at Dumbledore. "Severus." The old man pleaded him. "Please." Snape gave him one last glance, observing the old man for the last time. "Avada kedavra." It was a quick and accurate shot. It hit Dumbledore in the middle of his chest and he fell over the rail, disappearing into the darkness. Snape left immediately after, Draco and others following suite. In the way out, Bellatrix was cackling like a madwoman, breaking everything around her. Alex had a mad gleam in her eyes and she was breaking stuff all the same. She felt like she had lost every good part in her, completely and eternally. The power she had felt once the killing curse had hit the old man's chest was getting the control of her, beating her emotions ten to nothing. Outside, they reached Hagrid's cottage. "Wake up you filth!" Alex shrieked, making Bellatrix howl in laughter, boosting her ego more and more. "Wake uuup! I'm going to burn your house you CREEP!" Alex shrieked again and send a fyendfire snake towards the worthless cottage. In between, Snape fought with Potter, easily besting him. He turned towards the forbidden forest. "Follow." was all he said. A simple word that everybody obeyed. In the forest Alex ran ahead of everyone, yelling loudly. "Dumbledore is deeead." She yelled into the night. She had seriously lost it to the power and pure adrenaline she felt. No more was she messed up or trapped with the thoughts she hadn't been able to understand. The Dark Lord had shown her the power, just like He had promised! Alex's following laugh got cut off quickly when she felt a burning sensation on her left arm which made her freeze to her spot. "Do you feel that?" Bellatrix asked from behind her, grinning from ear to ear. "He needs us." She said, took a firm grip of Alex's wrist and apparated. 28.7.1997, the Daily Prophet had a screaming headline in it: recognize the most dangerous Death Eaters. The Ministry of Magic had finally woken up to the realities that people were in danger. Ministry tried everything. It was good, that they did. Not that recognizing any of the Death Eaters would help. Under the headline, there was a photo of each raw murderer. Bellatrix, Greyback, Dolohov and couple others. Then there was Alexis Hunter. A still sixteen-year-old girl, grinning madly in her photo. Under the photo there was a small text. "Alexis Victoria Hunter, born in 18.12.1980. One of the most loyal servants of you-know-who. Shows no regret killing or torturing anyone, anywhere. If you see her, disapparate immediately. She is very dangerous, has already sent two of Ministry's best aurors into the St. Mungo's." The girl in the photo seemed pretty harmless, cute even. But Alex was always ready to correct such...assumptions. "Crucio!" Alex shrieked again, making the filthy man writhe under her dragon's heart string wand. The man screamed in agony, writhed and writhed. Pathetic. "Stop it! STOP IT! PLEASE!" The man screamed and Alex stopped rapidly. "Have you changed your mind now...ha?! WHEN DO THEY MOVE THE POTTER BOY?!" Alex shrieked, pointing her wand at him again. "On Saturday! I SWEAR!" Mundungus Fletcher cried out, clearly terrified. Alex cackled, amused how easily she got out all the information. She had adrenaline running in her veins and she felt more alive than ever before. "You're pathetic excuse of a wizard, you know that right?" Alex spat out, turned on her heels and disapparated. Leaving behind a swirl of black smoke. Not quite as dark as her thoughts but to the honor of the young one, pretty close. So, this was the first chapter! Hope you liked it :) I personally felt like it was a little bit dull, but don't worry! Just in case you didn't quite catch it yet: Alex is a daughter of two well-known Death Eaters, she became Death Eater in the age of sixteen and she is Bellatrix's protege and Malfoy family's...friend. In case you didn't notice those were all flashbacks from Alex's life before. THE ACTUAL STORY starts in the next chapter, this was kind of a prologue. I'm sorry for making her so evil etc. but this was just the beginning. Please be patient, it gets hundred times better ! :)