night, he showed up at yer house. No one knows why. But Halloween ten years ago, he showed up, and- and-" Hagrid cut himself off to blow his nose into a large handkerchief. "Sorry, I knew yer parents, nicer people yeh never met. But You-Know-Who, he, he killed em. And then, he tried teh kill the two of yeh, but the thing is, he failed. You two are the only people teh ever survive the killing curse. I mean, Harry, yeh never wondered where yer scar came from? I suppose Cassia got off lucky, without a mark, but Harry, yer cut is no ordinary thing. It's what happens when yer marked by a dangerous curse. He killed some of the greatest witches and wizards of that time, but you two, you survived, and yeh was only babies." Cassia's heart squeezed in her chest. She always knew Harry was something special, that he was meant for greatness. And here was her proof. She grabbed Harry's hand in a scared sort of pride, and he looked up at her in shock. Cassia rarely initiated contact. "I took yeh from yer house myself, brought yeh to this lot. But I never would've if I knew." "Rubbish!" Vernon declared. Apparently he'd regained the ability to speak once again. Cassia moved back in front of Harry. "I admit, there's something odd about you two, but it's nothing a good beating shouldn't be able to take of you. Your parents were a bunch of freaks, and as far as I'm concerned, the world is much better off without them. They were asking for it, getting mixed up with all those wizarding types-" "One more word," Hagrid thundered, leaping to his feet, jabbing his large pink umbrella in Vernon's direction. "One more word Dursley, I'm warning you." Vernon flattened himself against the wall, apparently deciding that shutting up was the safest option to avoid being stabbed by an umbrella-wielding giant. Cassia would have laughed at that idea if she wasn't scared of being the next person to face Hagrid's wrath. Hagrid sank back down into the couch. With a loud creak, the couch sagged to the floor, completely broken after so much abuse. "So where did You-Know-Who go?" Harry asked. Cassia had to admit, she was curious about that too. "Did he die?" Cassia asked, "No one knows," Hagrid admitted. "He vanished that night. That's what makes yeh so famous. You-Know-Who was gettin' so powerful, and he just up and vanished. "Some say he died, like how you asked, Cassia. Some say he's still out there, but a bunch of people came back over to our side. Came out of trances and such. They wouldn't have done that if he was still around, I reckon. But most people think that he's still out there, just lost his powers. Somethin' about the two of yeh stumped him, stripped away his power." "But we can't be magic," Harry said. He looked to Cassia for support. "We just can't. We're ordinary." Cassia frowned at him. Surely he would be prepared to accept his greatness. This meant they were special, they were meant for something. Why would he want to deny that? "Yeh never made anything happen when yeh were scared or angry?" Hagrid asked. Harry's eyes lit up, and Cassia could tell he knew what Hagrid was talking about. Apparently Hagrid did too, as he beamed at the twins. "See? Harry and Cassia Potter, not magic. Yeh'll see, yeh'll be right famous at Hogwarts." Cassia smiled at Harry. He blinked at her in shock, and smiled back. "We're magic," she whispered to him. "We're leaving." "No," Vernon said loudly. "No, you are not going. They are going to Stonewall High and that's that. I've seen what's in those letters and they're not going." "Well I'd like teh see you stop them," Hagrid snarled. "Harry and Cassia's names have been in the book since the second they were born! They are going to the finest wizarding school in the world and they'll be with youngsters of their own kind fer once. They'll be under the finest headmaster Hogwarts has ever seen, Albus Dumbledore-" "I am not paying for some crackpot old fool to teach them magic tricks!" Cassia shoved Harry back into the corner of the shack, getting him away from Hagrid as he let out a roar. He swung his umbrella over his head, pointing it at Dudley. A bright light and loud crack echoed around the room, and when Cassia could see again, Dudley was leaping around clutching at his bottom. A small, curly tail was poking out through his trousers. Vernon, Petunia, and Dudley disappeared into the other room, slamming the door behind them. Hagrid sat down, smiling sheepishly. Cassia didn't let Harry get past her, knowing all too well that tempers didn't calm just like that. If anyone was going to be the target for the remaining rage, it was going to be Cassia, not Harry. "Sorry, shouldn't have lost my temper like that," Hagrid admitted. "It didn't work the way it was supposed to anyways. He was supposed to turn into a pig, but I guess he was just too much like a pig to do much more. But, er, I'd be grateful if yeh didn't mention this to anyone at Hogwarts. Not supposed teh do magic, yeh see." He seemed to realize that Cassia was blocking Harry in the corner. "Well, what're yeh doing over there?" Harry shoved pass Cassia. "Nothing." "Yeh should probably get teh sleep," Hagrid said. He pulled off his overcoat, handing it to Harry who staggered slightly under the weight. "Yeh can use this, but it might wiggle a bit. Lots teh do tomorrow." Harry settled down on the floor, lifting up the coat slightly so Cassia could lay down next to him. "We get to leave," he said softly. Cassia grinned. If you maybe want to talk to me about my beautiful daughter, come find me at cassia-potter on tumblr!