mum asked at one point as she bustled around the table and chairs. "Harry? Need anything, love?" The lad quickly shook his head, causing to woman to frown but move on nonetheless. Ron stared at him. "Why don't ask anybody for anything?" He asked after a minute. "Come a that, you haven't said much at all today." Harry only shrugged, continuing to nibble at his sandwich. Ron glanced at the younger boy's empty plate, then at his own, which was covered in the wonderful foodstuffs his mum had made for the mid-day meal. Then, nodding decisively to himself, Ron switched plates. Blinking, Harry looked a question at him, to which Ron smiled. "When you can't eat anymore, and I mean really can't, I'll have the leftovers. But this way, you get enough, and I don't get any pudgier." When the dark-haired boy gave him a tentative smile, Ron felt like was finally getting why his big brothers always insisted on looking out for him. It was nice, to no longer be the youngest. Besides Ginny, of course, but she didn't count because she was a girl. That afternoon, the last of the chores were finished up, so Ron took Harry on a tour of the entire Burrow. He showed him all of rooms in the house itself, including the attic with a ghoul in it, then all the neat features of the yard, and the orchards and pond further back on the little patch of farmland. When Bill came out and joined them, the two Weasley brothers also started giving their guest a run-down of everything in the Wizarding World. Ron had been shocked to learn how little Harry knew, but then he supposed that living with muggles who were afraid of magic was a reasonable excuse. Their explanations came to an end when their mum called Harry in so that she could refit more clothes for him and then help the boy figure out how the bath worked. Ron and Bill stayed outside for a little while longer, enjoying the quiet until a question was asked. "Can Harry stay with us forever?" Startled, Bill glanced down at his youngest brother. "Why would ask that, Ron?" "'Cause, I don't think he really knows what having a family means, and we'd be the best ones to show him. And, if he stays, then I won't be the littlest boy anymore, so that's good." Snorting in amusement, Bill ruffled the six year old's fluffy hair. "I don't think he was supposed to stay here more than a few days, but Mum and Dad are gonna do what they can to have him on permanently." Seeing Ron's eyebrows furrow, Bill used a different word. "That means forever." "Yes!" Ron hopped to his feet with a whoop, and ran back to the Burrow so that he could make sure everyone knew Harry was going to stay and be the baby brother from then on. -TEW- Ginny had to wait until all the lights were off and she heard her parents go into their bedroom before sneaking back down the stairs that night. All day, she'd been told to go easy on Harry, but now she just had to have him answer one of her questions, the one that had been bugging her all through dinner and getting ready for bedtime. In the living room, the nest of blankets on the sofa had been restored, with a shaggy mop of black hair peeking out from the end of it. Tip-toeing across the room, Ginny made it to her destination without any unnecessary noises. Carefully, she reached up and poked at the face half-hidden by the hair. Instantly, those bright green eyes snapped open and latched onto her. Giggling at how wide they were, Ginny clambered up onto the sofa beside the startled boy. "You know, if you live here with us you're gonna need your own bed." The almost-five year old informed him. "We can put it in Ron's room, 'cause he really wants you to be our new brother, and says he wouldn't mind sharing." Harry blinked at her, getting Ginny to frown at the lack of a greater response. "You do want to stay with us, don't you?" "...Yes." His voice was so quiet, she almost missed the whispered word. "Good! Because we want you to stay, too! Even Percy, and it takes a lot for him to like someone." She added this last part conspiratorially, getting Harry to grin a little bit. "And the twins didn't even prank you! They do that to everybody, so it'll probably happen sooner or later, but they must really, really like you since they haven't done one already. Bill and Charlie like everyone easy, and we both know Ron's really excited to have you stay, and I heard Mum and Dad say earlier that they'd do whatever they could to make sure you have a home here." Ginny stopped chattering as she finally noticed the tears on Harry's face. "What's wrong?" "I... I've never had so many people like me before." He confessed, not bothering to try and conceal his crying. "Oh. I'm sorry." "It's okay. I'm here now, so... It's fine. Better than fine, actually." Harry was smiling now, even as more tears slipped from his eyes. Ginny scooted closer to him and wrapped her arms around the boy in a tight hug, which he happily returned. When Molly made her late-night rounds a little while later, always done to make sure everyone was safely abed, she was rather startled to find her daughter curled up with Harry on the sofa, both sound asleep. Loathe to risk waking them, she went ahead and rearranged the blankets to make the nest more comfortable for the pair, her two youngest children. A/N: And now my very first Harry Potter story is uploaded! You folks will have to let me know if you want to see anymore to this, otherwise I'll likely leave it as a one-shot. -Triscribe