Draco. "Alwight," he acquiesced. "Good man," Draco said, pleased. "Cans I have a kiss before my nap?" "Of course." Draco gave the boy a tight hug and a kiss on the cheek. Then Harry gave his son the same. Both men watched as Hermione carried James out of the room. "He minds you better than he does me," Harry laughed. "He's the best thing you've ever done….you know that, right?" Harry looked at Draco. "Absolutely." Clearing his throat, he said, "Listen….while Hermione's out of the room, I've been wanting to talk to you about something." Draco raised his brow. "Something you don't want Hermione to know?" Harry shook his head. "It's not that I don't want her to know…..I just don't want her to worry." Draco frowned. "What is it, Harry?" Sighing, he said, "A couple of weeks ago, we rounded up a few Voldemort sympathizers. En route back to the ministry, they were able to overcome the Incarcerous we spelled them with. A fight broke out. The one wizard who wasn't killed finally confessed a few days ago. He said their group had been trying to get to me." Draco nodded. It seemed his friend always had a bullseye on his back. "And….?" Harry looked down, a worried frown filling his face. "He said they'd made a vow. If they couldn't take me out, they'd target my family." Draco's face froze. Oh, God….. Harry's forehead furrowed with worry lines. "I can't have that, Draco. I have to keep my family safe. That's why I can't accept your offer. I can't leave off being an Auror until the lot of them are found and imprisoned." Draco's heart was beating a mile a minute. He'd known Harry was a lightning rod, but it had never occurred to him that Hermione and little James could be one, too. "What can I do?" Draco had never felt so helpless. Harry gave him a long look. "Promise me. If anything should happen….if they or someone like them are finally successful…..you'll see to 'Mione and James?" "Don't….don't even talk like that." Harry's emerald eyes pierced Draco's grey ones. "Please….won't you do this for me? No one loves them like I do…...except for you." Draco's breath caught at Harry's implication. He knows… Lowering the walls he'd always kept high, Draco let out a defeated sigh and wearily asked, "How long?" "How long what?" "How long have you known?" Harry gave him a small smile. "Since the night James was born." Draco tried to think back to that time, to what he had done that could have tipped Harry off, but he couldn't remember. "I promise on my magic….I never would have acted on it." Clapping Draco's shoulder, Harry nodded. "I know. You…well," Harry chuckled, a bit embarrassed, "...you've become my best mate. I never blamed you for what you couldn't control." Draco looked down at his shoes. He couldn't yet look Harry in the eye. "Does...does she know?" "No. I wouldn't do that to you. As I said, you're our best friend." Draco breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank you. I owe you, Harry." "Then give me what I want, and we'll call it even. Please Draco. I need that peace of mind." Harry's face was so pleading, so earnest, Draco couldn't deny him. Or himself. "All right, then. I promise." 000 Draco should have known. Harry had known more than he'd let on. Of course, he did. He'd always been such a martyr. Like before, when he left Hogwarts Castle to surrender himself to Voldemort, Harry, after receiving Draco's promise, left Hermione and James to finish the business his would be assassins had started. Only this time, they were the last ones standing. Intelligence had been received that the leader of the rebel group was ensconced in an abandoned barn outside of one of the smaller villages in Devon. Harry had gone with another team of Aurors to try to apprehend the rogue. They didn't know they had been set up and were walking into a trap. Instead of one villain to contend with, at least fifty wizards outnumbered the little band of seven Aurors. Harry and the others with him were ambushed. Harry was hit with so many Avada Kedavra s, his spirit was long gone before his lifeless body hit the ground. Only one from the ministry made it out alive. Blaise Zabini had gone with them, not as an Auror, but as a prosecutor on behalf of the Wizengamot. He'd felt the explosion of power in the barn before he entered. Quickly disillusioning himself, he peeked in to see the carnage inside. Harry had been taken out instantly, but the other Aurors had not been so lucky. Instead of receiving a quick death, they were hit with Reducto s and Diffindo s. Body parts were everywhere. Blaise quickly backed out, overwhelmed with horror, but was nicked with a stray hex before he could disapparate. A large gash across his stomach appeared, bleeding profusely. Blaise barely made it to St. Mungo's in time. Draco was in his shop, working feverishly. He'd just found out that morning that Harry had left to bring back the head of the gang. Draco couldn't shake the feeling of apprehension that had clawed at his insides. He tried to stay busy, resisting the feeling of doom. He was in the middle of testing a new potion when an owl appeared at his window. Opening it up, he received the message from the exhausted-looking bird. Something must have happened. St. Mungo's didn't usually tax their owls unless there was an…... emergency . Draco's fingers trembled, fighting against the wax seal. When he got the parchment open, he read what was inside it. A moan of grief came from him as the parchment slipped from his fingers. Little James was now without a father. Hermione was a widow. Without a thought to what he was doing, Draco let his magic guide him to them. He had a promise to keep.