had ignored the pain, ignored the call. The most recent time, he had lain in a dark and unfamiliar room, in a bed that didn't feel like his. The pain had been blinding, sickening. He had bitten back shouts, moans, and worse as the pain had grown, till it roared in his ears, as it had lessened slowly to a dull ache, as it had finally faded, leaving him weak, shaking, and exhausted. He knew the Dark Lord was talking to his Death Eaters—and more frequently than he had ever done. He had no idea what he was saying to them. Ron cackled. "Was that a confession?" "Shut up, Weasel. I'm not stupid. I know what your brother—" Mrs. Weasley was back. They all dropped their heads again. Draco stuffed a forkful of rubbery egg into his mouth. Mrs. Weasley turned to pour herself a second mug of tea. Ron leaned forward to whisper to Draco, before his mother turned back toward them, while she wouldn't see, while she was too distracted to hear, "I don't believe you." The words closed around Draco's stomach like a fist. Draco hurried to finish his breakfast and fled as soon as he thought that it wouldn't appear cowardly. He didn't want to be in the room with them anymore. He rarely could stand them for long. Around them, his muscles tensed, his hand was quick to jump to his pocket, looking for his wand. Sometimes Draco could convince himself that, if he stayed in a room too long with the Weasley children, the air would begin to taste of ozone, warning them all of an approaching storm. That much tension was just not good—for anyone. Draco shut the door of his bedroom behind him, took a moment to be still, to listen to the quiet. This was a kinder quiet. Far enough away from the Weasleys, he could appreciate it. If he strained his ears, he could hear songbirds in the garden. They were quieter than the seagulls that flew past his bedroom window at Malfoy Manor, but they didn't have to compete with the crash of waves against the cliff-face. Draco let out a breath and took a step into the bedroom, letting his eyes wander over the features that still looked strange. The bedroom almost seemed to go out of its way to remind Draco that it wasn't his. It was a horrid yellow color, one that Draco never would have allowed on his walls. A poster of an Egyptian pyramid was affixed to one of the otherwise blank walls. Draco had never been to Egypt. This room had once belonged to the eldest Weasley son, Bill, who was in Egypt now, working for Gringotts as a Curse-Breaker. Draco had found some old schoolwork of Bill's on a shelf in the closet, all bearing near perfect grades, and under a loose floorboard he had discovered a few of his treasured items: a Gobstones set, several yellowed love-letters that Bill had hidden from his parents, and the letter from Hogwarts announcing Bill's appointment to Head Boy. Draco wondered, as he crossed the room, as he sank onto the bed, laid his hand on the hand-stitched quilt, what Bill would say if he knew that a Malfoy was sleeping in his bed. He wondered if his parents had told him. Draco looked once more at the poster. He found this tacky adornment rather useful. As an invisible sun rolled slowly across the sky, the pyramid's shadow shifted position. The pyramid worked almost like a sundial, correctly revealing the time in Egypt. Though this was, of course, quite the wrong time in Britain, it was still an accurate measure of the passage of time, and Draco had often counted hours by it. The room was just above Mr. and Mrs. Weasley's and just below Percy's, the eldest son still living at home. Percy had been Head Boy in Draco's third year. He didn't like rules to be broken. Draco supposed that the Weasleys had given him Bill's room because it allowed them to keep him under the strictest watch. Draco tried not to resent it. He reminded himself that this room was about the farthest from Ron, who lived at the top of the house. He had to appreciate that. And it was much easier to tiptoe downstairs and outside past one bedroom than—how many were there in the Burrow? Draco hadn't been able to explore the house much. He was barred from any room but Bill's, the living room, loo, pantry, and kitchen. He had probed them for secrets. He hadn't found anything interesting. Draco let his eyes roam the room again. They passed over the surface of the heavy desk that was pushed beneath the poster. A few letters lay sprawled across it. Letters from Alana. His eyes swung to the window. It was her turn. But the skies were owl-free. Only the fog tapped silently on the glass. Draco hated to keep those letters out in the open, but he hated to hide them. He needed the reminder that somewhere there was someone who wanted to know that he was all right. Alana's letters were full of prying questions, though, too. "How are you?" was followed by, "How are the Weasleys?" "Are you having fun?" or "Have you played any Quidditich?" Draco had to dodge these questions when he wrote back to her. She had such hopes that he would return to Hogwarts in September having patched up a seven hundred-year-old blood feud. Impossible, he knew. Draco sighed, reached for the book that he'd left on the bedside table, and lay down on his stomach. He opened to his marked page, but his eyes were drawn to the window, outside. He hated it here. But he couldn't leave. And he hated that more than he hated being here. He hated being trapped. Again. A/N: A background chapter. The next one's more exciting. I'm already well into it. :) Yours forever, Tsona