never know who might be listening…" Feeling brutishly defiant, Sophie thought, damn it all to hell, and retorted, "Yeah? Good. I hope the stupid git hears me." To his credit, Riddle remained completely composed. Too composed. She'd definitely crossed the line there, no mistake. The barmy old hat should've sorted her into Gryffindor; she could practically sense moldy old Slytherin face-palming in his grave. Then again, she was fairly sure he wouldn't have approved of her anyway, so maybe he was cheering her on. Go on, idiot mudblood girl, goad my Heir into plotting your ghastly demise, go on! Perhaps she really was going mad. Hearing all these voices in her head was not a good sign, she knew. She sighed. "I'm just angry…" she confessed, artfully displacing the fact that he was the cause of said anger. "I hate being made to feel so powerless in all this… It's not fair, and it's driving me out of my bloody mind, Riddle. I'm tired of it, and I want it all to stop ." She hissed bitterly, "Bastard couldn't have waited another year before he started all this shite? It's inconsiderate, that's what it is…" Surprisingly, he laughed at her. "You care about graduation, but not about the mudbloods?" he asked, amused, dropping the politically correct term only after she'd used the slur herself, she noticed critically. "Not particularly," she lied abjectly. "But I don't want anyone to die either." "I don't think anyone will die," he was decent enough to console her, dismissive as it was. "Remember Murphy's Law, Riddle," she warned him sharply. "No one thinks it applies to them—but it does . The worst thing that can happen always happens." "That's a rather pessimistic way to view things…" he remarked blandly. "Not so; I simply don't live in a fantasy world," she replied bitingly, and rather ironically if she did say so herself. "It's the law of the universe, Riddle. Chaos is a pattern. Entropy. It all points towards more and more disorder. If something can go wrong, it inevitably will . If anything, the mere probability ensures it." She stood abruptly, gathering her things. "Anyway, I wish I could say I've enjoyed chatting with you, but this conversation has only served to remind me of everything that is wrong with the world. Of course, that's not your fault…" It really, really is , the voice in her head snarled. "I'm sorry if I've upset you…" and, bless the little psychopath, he really seemed like he meant it. "No-no, not at all." Sophie waved him off. "I'm just upset in general these days. Nothing to do with you. Honest." It's everything to do with you, the voice hissed venomously. "If it makes you feel any better, I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed speaking with you, Miss Parish," Riddle stood as well, politely helping her with her books. "I found your viewpoint…highly illuminating." He caught her eye and said, "You're a very intelligent young woman…" At that, she let out a rather unladylike snort. "If you want to call insulting the Heir of Slytherin out where anybody can hear intelligent …" she remarked sardonically. The corner of his lip twitched in amusement. "Some might call it brave," he suggested innocuously. She merely raised her brow at him skeptically as she shouldered her bag. "I'm a Slytherin, Riddle." She smirked right back at him. "If I valued bravery any more than I value horse dung the hat would have put me in Gryffindor… Though I applaud your efforts at a compliment, I think," she grinned openly now, "or was it an insult?" "I think I'll safely leave that distinction up to you, Miss Parish…although," he paused deliberately in handing her back a book. "If I told you it was a complement, would you allow me the honor of speaking to you on a first name basis, from now on?" She almost gaped at him. " Really , Riddle? You snub me for years, and you choose now to finally strike up a friendship? Why the sudden fancy?" He shrugged elegantly—which Sophie did not buy for a second—and drawled, "The phrase, 'better late than never,' comes to mind…" His lips twitched in amusement again. "I apologize if you ever felt snubbed by me, Sophia." The fact that he did not answer her question, nor did he directly apologize for snubbing her, did not escape her attention. She shook her head slowly at him. "You are bloody unbelievable, Tom Riddle." His lips twitched again. "Is that a compliment or an insult?" "I'll safely leave that up to you," she mocked snidely, then swiftly turned on her heel and strode away without leaving him any definite answers. If only she knew she'd just started a recipe for disaster, she would have whirled around and done everything she could to extinguish any interest in her he might or might not have had. She might've even been successful. But a discovery she made only when she was on the other side of the castle cemented her fate. The book she'd found on basilisks, Moste Macabre Monstrosities , that she'd planned on taking straight to Dumbledore was nowhere to be found… " Fuck!" she screeched, then she remembered when Riddle had handed back her books, and she screeched it again, heedless of the scandalized looks she received from those around her. She cursed him soundly, within her mind and without. She thought now might be the appropriate time for panic… With that, she raced off to the dungeons to find Eileen. Another take at a Harry Potter fic. Clearly not mine. I'm not British, but I'm trying to merge dialogue quirks as seamlessly as possible. If any of you kind Englanders out there notice any discrepancies, will you please let me know? Also, any suggestions on slang or idioms from around this era would be treated like gold nuggets! Sophie is portrayed by Malina Weissman in my mind. Please tell me what you think!