known each other for two months when Ron, in what he would later call the most stupid thing he'd ever done but something he would definitely do again if only for what came of it, insulted a very stressed Hermione, who then spent the rest of the day crying in the bathroom. Later that night, during the Halloween feast, a troll was set loose within the school, and both Harry and Ron rushed to warn Hermione once they realized she wasn't in the Hall with everyone else. The troll entered the bathroom before they did, and so it became a fight to the death – the first the trio would partake in and come out of on top, stronger and closer for it. They became friends after that day, always closer than family despite the many frequent arguments they fell into, due to them being too immature to interact smoothly with their clashing personalities. Their worst arguments were during their third year at school, when Hermione's cat fixated on Ron's rat and later seemingly killed it, and again the next year, when Harry was entered against his will in a deadly Tournament and Ron immediately assumed it had been on purpose. Both times, their friendship tensed almost to the breaking point – and both times their bond proved stronger than their differences. And so they stood together, engaging in yet another battle to the death against their enemies late into fifth year and once more in sixth, growing closer as their experiences held them together when everyone else their age was naïve and completely unprepared to understand their too-mature battle-hardened personalities. What should have been their seventh year of school was spent on a trip around the islands their country was located in, as they looked for certain objects that needed to be destroyed before they could kill their greatest enemy, the same man who had tried to kill Harry half a dozen times since he was a toddler and was hell bent in conquering England for himself. Ron wavered for the last time that year, when one of the objects they were hunting turned his mind and his insecurities against him, but he came to his senses immediately and spent the following month trying to get back to them until he finally succeeded. That year was the worst so far for them, because not only their bond was tested again (for what they didn't know would be the last time), but they suffered the lives of political fugitives with grossly large bounties on their heads, away from their friends and families and knowing that, no matter how bad was their situation, their loved ones had it worse – because the others were living in the previous comfort of their home or the castle that was the boarding school, but they were also under the enemy's thumb and risked death every day for being who they were and being in some way related to the trio. They almost broke under the pressure of that reality – not as a group (never as a group, not after they grew up and realised they needed each other more than their personalities clashed) but as individuals, as children forced to become adults way too soon, as teenagers forced to become soldiers and pick up a sword that their predecessors had so clumsily dropped, as young adults desperately trying to keep themselves together while their nation seemed determined to tear itself apart. But they persevered, and they became stronger for it, and when the time came (when they'd destroyed every single one of their enemy's anchors, rendering him mortal once more), they were ready. Ready to stand their ground and fight, to rally a young army against cruel mercenaries who'd oppressed and tortured them for a year, to become the symbols their people needed to stand against evil, to stare into the abyss and will it to blink first, to raise their weapons and risk their lives for a nation that didn't quite have to courage to stand for itself. And it hurt. It hurt and they bled and their hearts broke, and their leader died saving those he loved and the world he'd fallen in love with despite its many faults, and he came back and they stood together to deal the final blow against the forces that would subjugate and kill millions if someone didn't stop them. And in the end, when the sun rose and shone over a broken hall where once upon a time children had eaten and played and laughed and loved life and magic and love, when they looked upon the cooling bodies of those who'd fallen and the barely together frames of those who'd somehow survived, at once they knew what they needed to do. Because it wasn't enough to take up arms and kill a man if the ideology behind him remained alive. It wasn't enough to defeat a small army if the society who'd given birth to them didn't move forward. It wasn't enough to end one reign of terror if chances were another would come, mere decades later, and force more children to grow before their time and become soldiers to fix a mess caused by their ancestors. It wasn't enough to topple one tyranny when the pieces were set for another to settle into power. It wasn't enough to overcome one ideology in battle if they couldn't erase its roots in a stagnant society. It would never be enough. For their world to not suffer again, it needed to become better. And it wouldn't do so on its own, not when the powerful were comfortable in their seats and the poor and forgotten were too intimidated and used to their place to realize there was something deeply wrong. Someone needed to nudge their beloved nation into change, to lead it to a brighter future and show it that life could be better if everyone had a better place. And if not them, who?