glow golden as it passed over her skin. Astonished, Hermione felt a warm, tingly, beautiful feeling spread through her entire body, wrapping itself around her ribs and settling in her stomach. Her amber eyes watching overwhelmed as her skin began to return to its normal milky colour underneath Narcissa's glowing hand. After Narcissa had finished, she looked up at Hermione with tears threatening to overthrow her composure. The empathy she felt for the young woman in front of her was incredible, she had never been able to show anything but disdain for the young woman until her court day. But now, the young witch was here in here flat, covered in bruises from domestic abuse, and Narcissa wanted to never let her go. "Thank you" Hermione breathed in amazement. Standing Narcissa clicked her fingers and Hermione's blouse re-buttoned itself and a zip up hoodie came flying through the door to the bedroom. Narcissa handed it to the younger woman, who looked at it confused. "It's cold outside. And You'll freeze, plus it might bring you a little comfort. I will always be here Hermione. To listen, to heal you, to provide wine if its needed. Whatever it is, don't hesitate okay?" Narcissa seemed so sincere. Her eyes blazing with a fire Hermione had never seen before, it drew her to the older woman. Gently leaning forward she put her arms around the older woman and hugged her, resting her head on Narcissa's shoulder. "I'm so scared. I don't want to go home" Hermione whispered into Narcissa's golden hair. The older witch tightened her grip around the younger woman, drawing small circles on her back in a comforting manner. "I'll always be here. I promise" she whispered back. The brunette steeled herself and pulled back, pushing her feet into her shoes, she walked to the front door, whispered a few glamour charms and turned back to Narcissa, as beautiful as when she had arrived, no signs of a hysterical melt down on her flawless features. "I'll see you in September, if not before Hermione." Narcissa smiled. "September?" Hermione queried, now outside the door to Narcissa's flat. "Yes I am returning to teach Defence against the dark arts, and I will be head of Slytherin house. I think they need, a woman's touch." Narcissa was watching Hermione carefully, but the only true emotion shown in her amber eyes was a shy happiness. Hermione travelled home. Every step she took closer to that flat made her stomach turn. By the time she reached the driveway, she could hardly think. Her heart pounded, and her hands were shaking. She fumbled in her pocket, trying to find her key. Her hand trembled as she slipped the key into the lock and turned. The clunk of the door unlocking was followed by a gulp. She took a deep breath, and stepped into the lobby of the building. She looked around the space, muggle bicycles and an umbrella holder by the door. She knew if she took another step across the dark wooden floor her shoes would give her away. Ron would come to the front door, and everything would become very public. In her mind, there was the option of simply turning around and walking away, but in her heart she knew that wouldn't work. Ron would find her, and when he did, it would be so bad; too bad to imagine. With a final deep breath, an attempt at composure, she took fast, purposeful steps up the single flight of stairs to her flat. She used her second door key, turned it and entered her lounge. She instantly wished she hadn't. She faced a room full of damaged, broken or destroyed furniture. Meaningful keepsakes strewn carelessly across the floor, and the photo of their wedding day lying with shattered glass and a cracked frame. As she remembered that day, she thought of her dress, how happy she felt and how much she wanted to spend the rest of her life with Ron. She felt the stab of guilt as she realised she didn't want that anymore. She didn't like the person Ron had become, and as much as it hurt her to think it, she wasn't sure how much she loved him any more. The door slammed behind her causing her blood to run cold. She stood so still, afraid to breath. The footsteps came slowly, getting closer. She felt Ron's hand skim past her back, and onto her hair. He spread out his hand across her head, rested it for a moment, then gripped and pulled backwards. Hermione let out a gasp as she was dragged backwards. Ron pulled her head level with his shoulder. "Where were you ..." he snarled slowly, in barely more than a whisper "Out. Just at the book shop" choked Hermione, desperately holding the tears back. "Thats not true is it!" Screamed Ron, his face flushing to match his vibrant red hair. He threw Hermione towards the floor. She looked up at him, "How dare you look at me? How dare you? You unfaithful little whore! Why did I marry a mudblood? Of all the things to do ..." Mudblood. Mudblood. Mudblood. The word rang in her ears. He used it. He called her that name. It hurt so badly, like being stabbed. Hermione realised she couldn't take any more. Risking another broken bone, she looked into her husband's eyes and saw the anger and violence bubbling there, like she had so many times before. Finding all the strength she had left, Hermione got to her feet, slowly removed her wedding ring, dropped it to the floor by Ron's feet and walked quickly to the bathroom. Locking the door, she felt a little safer. Moments later that feeling dissolved as Ron began pummelling on the door. Making sure she had her wand, Hermione apparated out of the bathroom, and she only had one place in the world she wanted to go, and only one person she wanted to see.