again your father has no knowledge of this as they never thought to have check their family history. Vaults 6, 671, 672, 673, and 674 belonged to Arthur Pendragon and his family, and you have right to these vaults by blood." Arianna just stood there in a daze. It took a few seconds before she could even speak. "I don't really know what to say…" She said. "Thank you, Master Ragnok and Runebreaker. Both Goblin's nodded. She was silent for a moment, before she said. "I was wondering if the Goblin Nation would be able to help me and my siblings find a way out of Britain and keep it a secret from the Potters and Dumbledore. I will any fees that might be required." Ragnok was silent as he thought about what she said. Then an idea came to mind. "Miss. Potter-" "Master Ragnok, seeing as my family disowned me and my siblings, please just call me Arianna." Ragnok couldn't help but laugh. "That is fine, Arianna, now," Ragnok said. "If you want to remain unnoticed by your parents then I suggest that you stay at either Pendragon Manor or Emrys Manor as they have the greatest wads in the world so that would be your best bet." Arianna was silent as she thought about it for a while. Finally, she came to a decision. "I will go to the Pendragon Manor." She said and started to fill out the paper work that Ragnok gave her. "Please deduct the cost of my visit from the Pendragon's Vault." Arianna paused for a moment before she said. "Can you make that my primary vault? I'd like to leave the trust vault I have from the Potters, but take one fourth from the vault for the Goblins. My former parents will never know." Ragnok smirked. "Thank you, Arianna, on behalf of the Goblin Nation for your generous gifts. As a thank you, you will be recognized as friends to the Goblin Nation for your respect and honor to the Goblins, when life so far has given you no reason to. While I work on the paperwork for you, would you like to visit your vaults?" Arianna nodded. "Very well. I will also need a new name your identification papers so that you cannot be tracked. I must also warn you that when it is time for you to start Hogwarts, you will need to go as part of your requirements to maintain recognition as heir to Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff. They will also have your real name on their list." Arianna looked thoughtful for a moment before she nodded. "Thank you for this great honor. Can I change my name to Arianna Pendragon? I don't really want to change my first name just the rest. I want to honor the name that my brother likes and the last name of my ancestor." A smirk appeared on her face. "Besides I don't think my former parents nor Dumbdore will even consider me changing my name to the same as the King of Camelot. And I understand that I will need to come back." Ragnok smirked. "Very well Lady Pendragon. I shall see to the paperwork while you go down to your vaults. I will also set you up with a special money pouch that will transform into a wallet around muggles. It will be connected to your primary account." Arianna thanked Ragnok for all of his help and made her way down to her vaults with a new goblin whose name was Griphook. After an exciting ride in the cart, Arianna decided to look for books that were interesting and anything else that she thought that she could take. She came back with countless books that she had taken from each vault, those included was Merlin's grimoire, Merlin's spell book, Morgana's grimoire, a book on Invisibility from the Peverell Vault and a few others. She also picked up a pensieve. She stored all of it in a multi-compartment trunk that she'd found in the Gryffindor vault, which she shrunk to fit in her pocket. She had also taken Excalibur from Arthur's Vault. She really didn't know why she had taken it, she just felt like she should. The sword was currently hanging from her neck. As soon as she had touch the sword, it shrank and appeared around her neck as a necklace. From Arthur's Vault she had also taken some armor and a book on swordsmanship. After a final ride in the awesome cart, Arianna had walked back to Ragnok's office. Once there she took the prepared portkey and her papers. Before she left, Arianna said, "Could you invest the money from all but the Pendragon's vault, with a high risk, high gain and give the investor a 6% increase on what he or she gets out of it?" Ragnok was shocked. Never before has anyone ever given a goblin that much control over their money and never offered that much in return. "We couldn't possibly take that much, their starting pay is 2% of the profits, we will take no more than 5%. Even if you are smart beyond your years, you are still a child and we will never take advantage of that." Arianna agreed, then said goodbye and disappeared in a flash of light. Ragnok rubbed his hands together in anticipation and smirked for when it was discovered that Arianna Potter had disappeared, pandemonium would ensue. Ragnok knew that the Ministry, the girl's parents , that infernal Dumbledore and any Dark Wizard would never be able to find her until her first year at Hogwarts. While she had been down checking her vaults, Ragnok had a charmed watch made and had the enchanters put as many protection spells as they could. Arianna Pendragon was a friend of the Goblin Nation, and was afforded that sort of protection. Ragnok had also signed the emancipation papers signifying that the Goblin Nation had recognized it. This was going to be fun.