briefcase and swings them in the air. The twins laughing and squealing woke up Sirius and Remus. "Wha-?" Remus. "The purple cow did it!" Sirius. James snickers and plops on the couch next to his best friends. "Hey Moony, Padfoot." They grin at him and make a motion to get up before noticing Orion draped over their lap, asleep. Orion had Sirius's black hair and Remus's amber eyes. He also has Remus's werewolf curse. That was given to him before he ever met Sirius and Remus and was a large part of why they adopted him. Greyback attacked his family and killed them all before biting the little boy. Auror's arrived on the scene just in time to save the little boy's life. His life has been a lot better for meeting the two Marauders. They send an apologetic look at James before gathering the boy in their arms. "Sorry James, but we gotta go." Sirius says apolagetically. James smiles before hugging them. "I understand, I gotta get these two in bed too." After saying good-bye, they floo home. "Okay, you two. We gotta get to bed." "James? Hi honey." After giving him a kiss on the cheek, Lily squeals as he wraps an arm around her waist and twirls her. "James!" Her admonishment is light and heartfelt. "Yes Lil's darling?" She smiles softly at him before kissing him lightly on the lips. "After I put the twins to bed." She promises with a saucy wink. "Yes ma'am." He smiles softly at her before letting her go. As Lily heads up the stairs to put the twins to bed, James collapsed on the couch. It was a few seconds before James jerked up on the couch. The wards were falling. "James, did you-James?! What is it?" Lily calls and she rushes over to him, the twins still in her arms. He looks at her, eyes wide with alarm. "Lily, take Harry and Val and go! It's him! Go! Run! I'll hold him off-" The door is blasted off its hinges. Lily rushes to Harry and Val's room where she immediately starts to barricade the room. Lily whirls around as she hears the sounds of someone stumbling from a room downstairs - a door bursting open - a cackle of high-pitched laughter - and then silence. Fear makes her hands shake. She grabs her wand and starts to chant an incantation. She takes out a dagger and slices her wrist. Light flashes as the Protection spell is triggered. Not a moment to soon as the door is blasted away a second later. Voldemort stands in the door. His bald head gleaming in the light. His blood-red eyes greedily fixed upon the twins. Taking a deep breath Lily moves in front of her babies. Irritation crosses his face before is smooths back into a triumphant mask. He takes a swift step forward and Lily hold out her wand. "Not them! Please, not my babies. Not Harry, not Valyn, please not my babies!" Voldemort rolls his eyes and somewhere in the back of her head Lily marvels at this monster of a man doing something so normal as rolling his eyes. This thought is cast from her head when Voldemort takes another step forward. "Stand aside you silly girl … stand aside now." "Not my babies, please no, take me, kill me instead! Not my twins! Please … have mercy … have mercy…" Harry hears a shrill voice laughing and the woman screaming and starts to cry. Val wakes up and lurches into a standing position. Her tiny hands clutching the bars of her crib. Voldemort, tired of the mud-blood's sniveling, casts a Stupefy at Lily. She collapses and is still. Val's forest green and silver eyes focus on her mother and then on Voldemort. An anger is brewing in her. Harry stands up to and manages to get in front of her. Voldemort uses his wand to stroke the side of her face, curiosity at her odd eyes stirring in him before shaking it off. He turns to Harry and anticipation flashes in his eyes before he raises his wand one last time. " Avada Kedavra. " There is a blinding green flash and a burning pain in Harry's forehead, from where Voldemort used the Killing Curse on him. The Protection Spell flares a bright white and the spell rebounds upon Voldemort. The house is silent. The house is still. Hours later "Lily? James?!" Sirius shouts in panic. He scrambles off the bike and into the ruined wreck of a house. Once in the door he nearly trips over James. He turns him over, panic starting to overwhelm him before noticing his pulse. He sets him down and rushes up the steps. He sees Lily on the floor and again he feels for her pulse. His head snaps up when he hears the twins stirring in the bed. Harry has a scar on his head. He is curled protectively over his baby sister. " 'ello?" Hagrid calls from below. Sirius rushes down the steps, the twins in his arms. "Hagrid! James and Lily are unconscious. Harry had a cut on his head but other than that, he is fine." Hagrid sighs in relief. "Dumbledore is on his way." Sirius hands Hagrid the twins before turning and going to his bike. "Where ye goin'?" Sirius doesn't answer him as he takes off the catch a rat. "Hagrid?" Hagrid turns to Dumbledore, the twins in his arms. " 'ello Professor Dumbledore, sir. I have here the twins. Sirius had them but he left in a bit o' a hurry li'l while ago." Dumbledore's eyes harden with anger. "Hagrid, Sirius was the Secret Keeper." Hagrid gasps with shock before breaking out in sobs. All you can really tell is Hagrid thinks he let down Dumbledore. "There, there Hagrid. I don't blame you. Come now, we must get the children to Hogwarts so they can be checked over by Madam Pomfrey." Still sniffling, Hagrid follows Dumbledore.