forgive me." "We have all sworn an oath of loyalty to each other." Gesturing around, "It is one of the ways that we keep from letting our differences tear us apart." Harry replied solemnly. As Cici's parents made their way up the grand staircase Harry turned to the two young lovers to find them with their arms wrapped around the others waist. The bond was starting to bring out the latent emotions inside of them. He gestured to them to follow him and his wife into the study. After the last person entered the study, Hermione turned and waved her hand casting all of the needed privacy spells and silencing charms. Watching his wife closely Harry started telling the kids the importance of "Constant Vigilance." "Cedric, Cici, please open the letters that you received earlier today. As you open them, there are things that your mum and I need to tell you and talk to you about. Are those the letters congratulating you on your marriage?" The kids both nodded yes. "Please open the two packages that you have received, the small one first." He suspected what was in the smaller package. As the kids opened it he could see that the rings where just as beautiful as his and Hermione's. Engraved on the bands was C O Potter, just as his and Hermione's had H J Potter on their bands. The kids just sat there staring at the bands, with the reality as they knew it, sinking in ever so slowly. "Here, open this one now." Hermione said as she handed them the larger package. As they opened the package, working as a team, there was another letter that was set aside. Looking at the gift they could see that it was a house in a bottle and a book titled The Guide to Soul-Bonds. The house looked as if it was set on a beach somewhere warm and quiet. Harry and Hermione looked at each other both knowingly and with a bit of shock in their expression. It was different than the bottle that they had received from Edmund. They began to wonder just how many houses were out there? As they refocused their attention on the young couple, Harry was starting to feel old, they could see that they were reading the last letter with some confusion on their faces. "Soo, this is from the creator?" Cedric asked, both shocked and confused. "The creator like in God?" Cici asked completely bewildered. Being a muggle born witch this was all still so new and confusing to her. "No, not God as the muggles know him. But Edward, the creator of the magical world that we live in. You can never tell anybody about what we're going to tell you now. Nobody, it is a matter of life and death for you both, and now for us also." "You two are about to set out on the rest of your lives. This is your next great adventure. You are about to discover your destiny, together as a team. You are going to grow together and the other will become your best friend and the one that you can count on when you think you have been abandoned by everyone else. As you have found out by now, being able to communicate telepathically has major advantages in that others can't hear your thoughts. Now, would you like to put the rings on and take the next big step in your lives?" The excitement ringing evident in Harry's voice. The kids looked at each other, nodded and stood up together. Harry bent down and picked up the ring box. He handed the smaller ring to Cedric and the Larger ring to Cecilia. "Please, Cedric, place the ring on Cici's finger and tell her what is in your heart." Holding the ring in his right hand and taking Cici's left. He looked down at her dainty hand. He could feel the calming effect that she had on his runaway emotions. Her fingers were so long and slender. Her nails were manicured and done in what he thought was a French manicure, he wasn't too sure about all that girl stuff. But he knew with all his being that he wanted to place that ring on her finger, it seemed to be his whole purpose in life, his very reason for being. Then he heard her in his thoughts. "I feel the same way about you too." It was such a calming voice, it was like oil on a stormy sea, the waves seemed to stop crashing about in his head. As he slid the ring onto that delicate slender finger, the ring resized to fit her finger. "I heard what he had to say to me." Cici told Harry and Hermione. And to her husband, "You calm me, and give me strength to keep going forward when all I've wanted to do was to retreat and hide from the rest of the world. You give me confidence to know that we can and will succeed in whatever we set out to do we do together as one, one in heart, one in mind, one in spirt and one in soul." And with two hearts beating in unison she slid the ring on his much stronger hand and the ring resized itself to fit his much larger finger. The young couple sealed their new union with a fiery kiss that the older couple let continue until the young lovers returned to the here and now. They could relate, after all, they still experienced the same passion all these years later. "Okay, that was beautiful in its own right." Hermione said with tears in her eyes." Now, take the bottle and the letter, go to your room. Reread the letter and do what it tells you to do. Have fun and we'll see you in the morning." A/N: Thank you all for taking the time to read. Please, also take the time to review!