Isn't that wicked? And you can actually thank Ash, he was the one who kept me safe! And I took down two full grown wizards! You should have seen me! It. Was. Wicked!" I squeal, full on bouncing on my toes. "I am?" Harvey asks, bemused. "Huh." "Wait! Since when is my name Ash, kid?" He asks. "Since you call me "kid"." I retort. Bill grins fondly at me. "Just let it go, guys. Once she makes up her mind, you guys are never going to win." I laugh as we head back to the tent, ignoring the unconscious bodies littering the ground. Two days Later "All right, do you know what the most important rule in a Duel is?" Harvey asks me as I face him. "Um, Don't use a spell you don't know how to properly use?" I guess and Harvey shakes his head. "That is a good rule but that is not the most important rule. Nixon? Do you have an idea?" I look over at the blonde standing a few feet away from me. (Somehow Harvey dragged him into the Dueling lessons too.) "Never turn your back on your opponent." Ash lazily explains, twirling his wand casually in his right hand. I half expect him to yawn with boredom. "Correct!" Harvey explains excitedly. "What is something you need to be in order to Duel someone and win?" Harvey asks and Ash speaks up. "Do I really need to be here for this? I already kn-" "Yes, you do. Now, anyone know the answer?" Harvey asks and I raise my hand. "You don't need to raise your hand, dear." He informs me kindly and I lower my hand, blushing. I ignore Ash snickering beside me. "You need to be smart?" I guess and he grimaces. "Well, that is true but the answer I was looking for was fit. You need to have good stamina in order to dodge and duck and especially if you are going to be casting a lot of spells without a break." I nod. "So, while we are on this trip, we are going to be getting you fit." Harvey easily explains. "The first step for today is stretching. You have to stretch you muscles so they don't cramp or tighten while you exercise. Like so-" Turns out, Harvey is really flexible for an old guy. As we leave our campsite, I look around, not sad to be leaving. I grab the portkey and we are whisked away to our next adventure. When we land, we are in Nigeria. "Where are we?" I ask Bill, my wide eyes searching the planes. "We are in Nigeria, our destination is the Hadejia-Nguru Wetlands in the northeast." He informs me and I nod. "Hey Bill?" I ask and he looks down at me. "How many languages do you know?" I ask and he grins. "About 15, you really need to know at least one person who can speak many languages in this business. We can get in lots of trouble if we can't speak the peoples language. I remember there was this one time in Libya we were almost killed because no one in our group knew what they were saying. We got lucky though, a member of their tribe had been studying English and so we were released." "Wow." I breathe and he laughs at me, tossing an arm over my shoulder and pulling me closer. "You wanna know something cool about Nigeria?" He asks and I nod eagerly, my eyes wide with wonder. "Nigerian Muggles have lots of "myths" about their land. A few of them are true. The first one is the legend of Na-akpụ akpụ Osisi which means The Moving Trees in Igbo, one of the Nigerian languages. In Zaria, they have a legend about big boabab cotton trees that move at night and kidnap anyone they see out and about and trap them in their trunks." "What? Why?" I ask and Bill chuckles. "I don't really know but some say they eat them, others say they use their dead bones as compost." He shrugs. "We never really know. But I tell you what. If I ever meet one, I promise I'll ask them why." Bill laughs and I grin up at him. "There is also a legend about the Inedible Fish." Harvey says, turning to face us. "In Kogi state, there is said to be a river called "Inachalo River." It is said, the river is cursed and when you catch a fish, no matter how long you cook it, it will always stay raw. It is also said, any injury a person receives from the bones of the fish from the river will never heal." Harvey finishes and I grin. "I think that would make the perfect weapon." I tell him and he pulls out a small dagger from his boot. He pulls the sheath off and shows me the gleaming, bone white blade. "It does." He tells me and my eyes widen as he tucks it back in his boot. "You are so cool." I whisper and he chuckles. "What about you? Do you have any good stories?" I ask Ash and he grins suggestively at me. "I do." He says in a low voice and I blush. "Not like that!" I glare and he laughs, straightening. "Yes, I do. There is the legend of the Forbidden Orchard. It is said, there is a wild, enchanted orchard in the forests of Benue, where beautiful, bountiful fruits grow all year round. Anyone who finds it may eat his or her fill but if you attempt to take so much as a seed from there, then the the Orchard traps you and you will remain lost until you eat it or throw it down." Ash says, his edgy, pale blue eyes distant. "But what the legend doesn't tell you, is the longer you hold the piece of food, the more the Forest sucks your life and your magic until you die."