and he picked the lock." Lupin stares at Harry blankly. "That's not possible—" Harry holds up a hand, giving Lupin an apologetic twist of his mouth. "Sorry, Remus, I just need to get this all out." Harry takes a deep breath. He launches without preamble into Malfoy's story, how he fled The Manor and was able to sneak into the Dursleys house. He glides over the mention of Snape, still not wanting to process it himself, and figuring it probably won't help this conversation. Lupin watches him quietly, his eyes widening more as Harry continues, as he tells him about the potion brewing, about Malfoy's current affliction and how he got it, until Lupin's eyes are simply wide with horror. "Merlin," Lupin says, pushing out a long breath. He leans back on the couch. In the other room, Mrs. Figg is singing a high pitched tune to what Harry assumes is one of her cats. "That's barbaric. Malfoy isn't even of age yet, is he?" "Er— he just turned, I think he said." This is a lie, but Harry's not quite sure how he knows what Malfoy's birthday is and he'd rather not add to the creepy list of things Harry practically stalked Malfoy to learn. "It's horrifying. I— I can't imagine." "I'm not sure what to say to him," Harry admits, looking down at his hands. Around his ankles, a small tabby Harry thinks is named Tulip brushes pushes her head against his shoe. "We hated each other, since we first met, and then… I never thought I would ever be the person he came to with this, I guess. He doesn't even have a wand with him. It's— unnerving." "It's understandable, Harry." Lupin says in the calm voice of his that always manages to relax him. "It's not something most adults would even know how to handle. I don't really know what to do here. Draco Malfoy . Turning against his family name, betrayed by his father...it's hard to believe." Harry looks up at these words and finds Lupin watching him carefully. "Harry, I know you might not want to hear this, but it is possible that he's not being entirely truthful." Harry shakes his head roughly and folds his arms over his chest. "He's telling the truth, Remus. I'm sure of it." He avoids looking at the expression on Lupin's face. "Like I said, he doesn't have a wand on him. And we can give him veritaserum, can't we? He's not going to object." Lupin hesitates before nodding slowly and standing up. He picks up his robes and starts pushing back on. Harry stands up too, confused. "Wait, that's it? You're fine with all of this?" Lupin shoots Harry a strange look. "No, Harry. I… I'm going to go get him. I'll bring him to an Order safehouse, where someone can watch over him." For some reason, some strange reason that Harry doesn't want to think about, that he tucks away in the far corners of his mind, this idea doesn't seem right to him. A knot of anxiety tightens in Harry's stomach. "I don't think that's the best idea," he blurts out, and again, Lupin sends him another look with the same mixture of confusion and surprise. Harry continues on, trying to make his voice sound like he's thought this through. "I think it would be best if he stayed. With me. It's got to be a lot, everyone knowing all this, right? And he has to be safer with me here than in a safe house. Voldemort can't get in the house, right? He's going to try a lot harder to search for Malfoy. I don't want anyone in the Order getting hurt, not for him." Lupin stares at Harry for a long moment, and he's not sure if he wants to know what Lupin is thinking at the moment. Finally, however, Lupin nods his head and rubs a hand over his eyes. "You're probably right, at least for the next weeks. It'll give us time to think of a plan. And an explanation, perhaps." "Right," Harry says, and the pit of his stomach relaxes a little. "Ease people into it." "I suppose, yes. But Harry," Lupin says, in the very serious tone that only he can completely achieve. "If anything, really anything, seems off to you, you need to tell us. Immediately. I know you like to do things on your own—" "Hey," Harry cuts in, stung. "I came to you, didn't I?" "You did," Lupin says gently. "But hours after the fact. It could have gone many other ways, Harry. I need your word that you'll let us know as soon as anything would happen." Harry looks down at his feet, annoyed with Lupin for making him feel thirteen again, like he was being scolded again for sneaking into Hogsmeade. "And I'll make sure someone's posted at the back entrance too. I don't like that Malfoy got through undetected." Harry simply nods. The two of them thank Mrs. Figg and hurry out before she has a chance to offer them the homemade fruitcake Harry can see on the kitchen table. They walk down the road together. Dusk is beginning to set in, and the hot summer air of the midday is starting to disappear. Harry sucks in a deep breath of cooling air and lets it calm him. Lupin pulls him aside before Harry slips back into the Dursley's house. "I want to say, Harry. I'm very proud of you, of how you handled this all. Not everyone would show such compassionate towards their enemy. Your—Your parents would be proud too." Harry smiles at Lupin and is at once overwhelmed with gratitude for Lupin in his life. "Thank you, Remus." Lupin gives him a small smile in return and disappears into the street behind Harry. Harry doesn't watch him go, instead slipping in through the back door and hurrying up the stairs before Aunt Petunia can tell him to do the dinner dishes.