to closer to him, and sighed. Her soft, warm voice greeted his ears, "It's good to see you awake my love," her smile widened. His own smile widened, and he responded, "It's good to be awake my love." She slowly disentangled herself from him and stood, her past in professional dueling was clear to see, her body was petite, but muscular, and she stood at approximately 1.6 meters (or 5 foot and 3 inches) tall. Her hair and eyes were traits common of the Malfoy family, being platinum blonde, and stormy grey, respectively. The aforementioned hair was long, reaching down to just below her shoulder blades. She looked every part the pureblood princess, and Voldemort was certain that if God existed, she was one of his angels. She walked slowly towards the manors master bathroom, hips swaying slightly. The fact that she appeared to be clothed in nothing but an oversized muggle short sleeved shirt (despite his hatred for muggles, Tom had to admit that they had created some quite ingenious things), made Tom quite desire a cold shower, or perhaps her, either would work for him. His musings ended as she entered said bathroom, and shut the door, he considered joining her, but decided a cleaning charm would do for the time being, he had plans to make. -BREAK- Tom looked at his gathered followers, it was the last day of April, no more than four months after the ritual had been performed, and here he was, beginning his return to the wizarding world, and continuing his long road to power. "My friends, today is a day most , we continue the road before us, the road to power! The road to safety from the muggle scum that plagues our world! The road to victory over the weak minded fools in our government! The road to eternal glory for the Death Eaters! Power! Safety! Victory! Glory! Semper Fidelis, Semper Pura!" His Death Eaters let out a mighty roar! Their wands raised, they repeated his words back to him. "Power! Safety! Victory! Glory! Semper Fidelis, Semper Pura!" -BREAK- ATTACK ON MUGGLE TOWN! FOUR HUNDRED MUGGLES, TEN AURORS DEAD! By: Rita Skeeter After five years, the group known as the "Death Eaters" have struck again. In an attack on the muggle village of Sansbury last night, 421 muggles were killed. The village of Sansbury had a total population of 443, leaving a casualty rate of 95%. Of the 22 survivors, the story remains the same, roughly 120 people, dressed in dark cloaks (we now know them to be battle robes) with red or silver markings, and wearing white masks, apparated into positions surrounding the village, and immediately began casting spells. Roughly half an hour after the attack began, a contingent of 35 aurors arrived to quell the threat, the force was quickly overwhelmed, 10 were killed, 13 injured, and the remaining 12 captured. Many will remember that the last time we heard of the Death Eaters, they killed or injured 16 people, all civilians. This makes the 431 people killed (as well as the 30 injured and 12 captured), a dramatic and terrifying increase in casualties. What has caused this? And what can stop it? -BREAK- THIRD MUGGLE VILLAGE ATTACK, LEAVES ONE HUNDRED DEAD EIGHTY DEAD AFTER ATTACK ON RAVEN'S KEEP ATTACK ON MINISTRY LEAVES DMLE HEAD AND THIRTY AURORS DEAD MINISTRY UNVEILS STATUE TO HONOR YOU-KNOW-WHO'S VICTIMS -BREAK- LORD JAMES POTTER ANNOUNCES BIRTH OF HEIR By: Rita Skeeter In these dark times, even the smallest amount of light is refreshing, which is why I'm pleased to share the fact that early yesterday (July 31, 1979), Lady Lily Potter, wife to Lord James Potter on the Most Ancient and Noble House of Potter, has given birth to the young couples Heir, Hadrian Sirius Potter. The young boy's name coming from the recently named Lord of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Black, Sirius Black. Just one year ago, the previous Lord and Lady potter, Charlus Fleamont and Dorea Euphemia, were murdered in an attack on the Potter Castle, the family manor of the Potter's. The current Lord and Lady Potter, just 18 years old, have lived in an unknown location for the past year, citing reasons of personal safety for their undisclosed location. -BREAK- LORD POTTER ANNOUNCES BIRTH OF SECOND SON By: Rita Skeeter On this, the first birthday of Hadrian Sirius Potter, Lord James Potter has announced the birth of his second son, James Charlus Potter II. In an event only explainable by magic, the second heir has been born on the exact same day, just one year later, as the 19 year old couples first heir. Lord Potter has exclaimed his overwhelming joy over the day's events. In other news, Frank Longbottom heir to the Most Ancient and Noble House of Longbottom, son to Lady Augusta Longbottom, has announced the birth of his own son, Neville Frank Longbottom. In these dark times, such instances as these bring joy to this reporter's heart. -BREAK- FINAL POTTER CHILD BORN, SAME BIRTHDAY AS OLDER BROTHERS By: Rita Skeeter August 2, 1981, on this day, Lord and Lady Potter have announced the birth of their third, and final, child, Cassiopeia Lily Potter. Once again, the child has been born on the 31st of July. -BREAK- Tom looked down at Snape and frowned. This would not do, no, not at all. A mere child? Prophesied to defeat him? The Greatest Dark Lord since Grindlewald? No, this could not happen. He would make sure it didn't. He would find a way to remove the Potter child from the picture. Or, maybe, change his position in the picture? Yes, Tom liked that idea. He liked it very much. He looked at Snape again, a brilliant Potioneer the boy may be, but his loyalty was thin. He would need someone else, and he new exactly who. Yes, Tom thought, this could work. It could work quite well. WORD COUNT (NO AN): 4,322 WORD COUNT TOTAL: 4,432