objects, or Dolohov would manage to fire a curse in between them or any number of one hundred possible things, and she would be killed. I hope I get a nice funeral. If they ever find my body, that is. As she was slightly distracted, Hermione did not realise she had grabbed what seemed to be a small necklace with an hourglass embedded into it. And when she flung it towards Dolohov, she did not realise the repercussions of it being hit with curse. So, when a bright light flared out and the wizard and witch were thrown backwards against the wall, Hermione had no clue what was happening. All she knew was that she was falling. Falling. Falling. Falling. . . . The pain was what eventually awoke her. Her entire body ached, in a way that reached her very core. Hermione's eyes blinked open. She was lying on a very cold, hard floor, but it was no longer dark. The first rays of sunlight filtered through a very large window she was laid out in front of. Something's wrong, Hermione mused, somewhat absently. It was as if she was not really in her own body, simply looking down upon it, an outsider to the situation. She knew she was in pain, but it wasn't quite her own. This is not the mansion anymore . And I don't feel like me. Am I dead? Did Dolohov finally kill me? She didn't feel dead, but, then again, she'd never been dead before, so she wouldn't know. Harry's been dead. Maybe he would know, Hermione thought. Then, suddenly, a more urgent thought formed itself. Harry! Oh Godric, where's Harry? "Harry?" Hermione surprised herself with the strength of her voice. She felt so weak, but her throat now seemed to be able to formed coherent sounds. Propping herself up on her elbows, she looked around. And what she saw surprised her, because, oddly enough, she knew the staircase that lay to her side. She seemed to be in the Astronomy Tower of Hogwarts. What's going on? Am I going crazy? There seemed to be no rational explanation for her whereabouts. Unless you are actually crazy. Then this would all make perfect sense, her mind helpfully supplied. Mental instability isn't rare in those who've suffered the Crucitaus Curse. Or the deaths of close friends. Or disownment by their parents. Or an entire fucking WIZARDING WAR! Hermione tensed, her mind replaying all that she had witnessed in her life. She tried to avoid moments like this- sometimes remembering was just too painful. And, right now, firewhiskey doesn't seem to be an option. "Shhhh! We have to be quiet! Anyone could be here!" The muffled female voice distracted Hermione. It seemed to be coming from the direction of the stairs. Shit, cursed Hermione, I'm going to be found! Her hands fumbled around, desperately searching for her wand. With an anguished cry, Hermione realised she didn't have it. Once more, Hermione found herself utterly defenseless. Some much for "Brightest Witch of Her Age", Hermione angrily thought. That's the second time in a day you're at the mercy of some stranger! And losing your wand as well! Those don't come cheap! Footsteps seemed to be climbing the stairs, and the voices were growing ever-louder. "Honestly, Lily. You're always like this! Are you telling me that on the morning of graduation, when everyone clearly has better things to do-" "Clearly not us." Hermione could sense the "huff" in the girl's voice. And she was sure that the silence that followed was punctuated by a glare from the other student. However, the voice continued. "That someone else has decided to have a snogging session in the tower? And even if they did, so what? This is for the memories, Lils! Think of all the fun we've had here!" As the footsteps echoed more loudly, Hermione was sure that the two people were approaching. However, she couldn't find the strength to move her legs- they felt weighed down, and she didn't have full control over her body. It's like I'm trying to swim through some impossibly thick porridge. "I mean, just by the window coming up, we've definitely had some fun times . One, that I may recall, involved some honey and-" The man's voice- and Hermione was quite sure it was a man- suddenly stopped as he rounded the corner. Before him, Hermione lay sprawled across the floor. Her hair was matted and dried blood was streaked across her face. A fresh cut dripped from her arm and her clothes were torn and dirtied. The man gaped. "James, what- Oh Merlin!" A red-headed girl quickly appeared behind the man. She seemed just as shocked as he did, concealing her gasp with a hand across her mouth. Hermione stared at the couple, as if daring them to come closer. Her mind was still clouded, but there was something about the man. Something so familiar. Something that was just out of her reach. "Harry?" She croaked out. The couple stared at each other, a glance mixed with both pity and confusion, before rushing over to Hermione's side. Okay, clearly not Harry. But why on Earth is he trying to pick me up, the bastard? It bloody well HURTS! Hermione attempted to wrestle herself out of the stranger's arms. She would have done anything to beat her fist against his chest, to tear out his hair, curse him, anything. But her body was not on her side. Why am I so tired? Merlin, did the man curse me? Is he taking me back to the mansion? Has this all been some kind of trick to lure me into a false sense of security? Panic overcame her, but the effort of forming coherent thoughts was too much. Her mind still screaming out in protest, her vision began to blur. Dark spots danced across her eyelids, and then that was all she saw. . . . Love it? Hate it? Leave a review, please!