Professor Slughorn collected the papers with a wave of his wand and we were allowed to leave the hall. I got up instantly watching Evans as she collected all her belongings into a neat pile before stowing it in her bag. "Oi!" a hand clapped on my back and I turned to find Sirius standing behind me, "Hope you don't mind but I thought I'd sneak over to the kitchens early, I'm starving!" he said in a quiet voice before hurrying off. I nodded and told him I'd catch up. Peter waved at me and followed Sirius towards the kitchens. "Something on your mind?" Remus approached tugging gently at the strap of his bag. "Nah, just wanted to talk to Slughorn about Potions," I brushed off his insight. Remus laughed, "Hah! Good luck getting exam secrets outta him! I'll see you in the common room." "I thought we were heading out to the grounds?" He gave a half-pitying half-exasperated look, "Yeah, because that worked out extremely well yesterday?" I was suddenly and unpleasantly reminded of yesterday's events, events that led to Lily and Snape ending their friendship, events that led to the unstable ground that Lily and I now treaded upon... When I looked up from my thoughts Remus was gone. I turned back to Lily. She stood beside her desk clutching her bag to her chest with her arms folded across it. A foot apart from her stood Severus Snape. My eyes narrowed as I watched them from a distance. They seemed to be arguing discreetly about something, I couldn't be sure what. Snape looked away from her as he spoke, as if she was invisible. Lily's lip visibly trembled but she faced him defiantly. I merely stood my ground and watched the rapid exchange of words, knowing that it wasn't my place to interfere. At the end of it Snape handed something over to her in a tight fist. Lily looked at it for second upon her palm and then pocketed it. Without so much as a last glance Snape turned on his heel and walked away, leaving Lily Evans swaying on her unsteady feet. She shouldered her bag with a sombre expression and brushed her hair back, turning to leave the hall along with the last remaining students. When she looked up and saw me watching her, her eyes glanced over to Snape who was making his way over to his blood-thirsty Slytherin friends. It was no secret what they did when they weren't cooped up in the Dark Arts section of the library, just that no one had caught them in the act. "What was that about?" I asked casually as Lily reached where I stood waiting. "Nothing," she replied with a somewhat forced smile, "Severus was just returning some of my things," her hand waved carelessly in his direction. Her tone seemed to suggest it had upset her more than she cared to let on. "Oh… Ok," I let the matter drop and fell into stride with her as we both headed out of the Great Hall. Many students still lingered in the Entrance Hall loudly discussing their varied answers to the paper. We had to squeeze between several of them to head for the staircases. "How was the paper?" I asked her over the babble eager to change the subject since I knew she was irritated. By now I could fairly accurately recognise when Lily Evans was nearing her boiling point, having been the cause of it on many occasions. "Fine," was all she said in reply as she continued to push through the crowd. "Question five was a good one huh? The evolution of Theory of the Matter versus-" "What do you want?" She stopped in her tracks at the foot of the marble staircase and turned to face me. I skidded to a sudden halt in front of her. "I'm sorry?" I asked, caught off guard. "Why are you following me Potter? What do you want?" she asked plainly with her brow furrowed. I felt the sudden sting of unwanted company. Instantly I felt the heat rise behind my ears. I cleared my throat. "Umm, what do you mean? I thought we-" " We ?" her eyes widened at the word as if it was offensive. Several passer-bys looked at us oddly before going about their way. "Potter, hope you understand that yesterday night, it doesn't change anything between us! We're not friends, we can't be! I've lost someone dear to me and most of that is your fault!" I'm fairly certain my jaw might have dropped open at that point. "Wait, I don't understand. Yesterday you told me it wasn't my fault and now you're saying it is ?" I could feel my own anger rise slowly at the irrationality and humiliation. She gave an impatient sigh, "I'm saying he wouldn't be the person he is if it weren't for you!" Her fingertip pressed slightly against my chest as she accused me. "If you had stopped for ten seconds and thought about how you humiliate other people just for your own entertainment, and physically and emotionally torment them just for a pathetic laugh, then you would have noticed that people don't greet you and adore you out of respect, they do it out of humiliation and fear. The only difference was that Severus never gave in. You're so blinded by your so called talents and your bravado and that stupid 'I'm a Gryffindor! I'm better than everyone else' attitude that you can't see he is MUCH braver than you ever were Potter!" Lily paused as she realised her voice had risen attracting a fair few on-lookers. She was nearly shaking. I could see the tears beginning to well up in her eyes as she looked at me. Those gleaming emerald eyes pierced me before she spoke again. "If you didn't exist, he'd still be my friend." That's Chapter one guys! Please let me know what you think in the comments! ~Dark/Pen2Paper