Harry, "it's probably just Arthur." "I'll go." Dean said. "Arthur?" he called as they watched him reach the top of the stairs. He took two steps down before they heard "Shit!" and "Expelliamus!" in quick succession. They didn't even look at each other before they jumped into action. Hermione stepped back into Deans room and sent her Otter Patronus to the Burrow and Headquarters, calling for back-up. Harry raced to the top of the stairs to help Dean fight off the intruders. She slipped off her dressing gown, knowing it would only hold her back as she heard shouts from below. She had seconds to check the wards. The plan of the house flashing in front of her eyes. "Two at the bottom of the stairs, one at the back door and one at the front!" She shouted to the boys ahead of her as they shielded flashes of green light coming their way. "Got one!" Dean shouted, the orange glow from his wand lighting up his face. With only the one at the bottom of the stairs now, the two boys fought quickly to disarm them before they retreated back up the stairs. Harry blasted a hole in the ceiling and debris fell on the stairs in front of them blocking anyone else from easily getting up the stairs. The house suddenly eerily quiet around them. "The others will be here any second then Arthur can lift the wards and we can dissapparate." Harry whispered, his voice echoing in the silence of the hallway. A loud noise of glass shattering was heard coming from Deans' bedroom behind them. When they turned they could see a huge wave of flames heading their way. They launched themselves out of the way and onto the floor of the hallway as the burning mass sped past their heads and into Harry's room, blasting out the windows. "Feindfire!" Hermione shouted as she was pulled up by Dean and scrambled along the hall past the bathroom and into the third bedroom to the right. "Window!" Dean shouted. " Bombarder !" She pointed her wand and screamed over the roar of flames in the next room. As the pain of glass shattered green flashes flew at them from outside and they ducked quickly. Dean wasn't quick enough. He landed on the floor screaming, blood spurting from his side writhing around in pain on the floor. "There's more! At least ten! We're surrounded..." Harry shouted as Hermione grabbed a blanket from the floor on the bedroom and pushed it into Deans side trying to staunch the fast flow of blood from his stomach. Harry looked scared, both of them looking from one another to the gash on Deans side. The curse looked like it had slashed him from his ribs to his hip. "I need dittany! Where are they!?" She screamed at Harry, tears filling her eyes. After everything this where they were going to die. After everything they had been through. Panic set in then and the shaking started. She could barely hold her wand and Deans side at the same time. All of a sudden the roar of the fire in the next room started to crumble the wall. They could feel the heat already and it would break through any second and they would be toast. Harry looked to Hermione with that ' What do we do ' look. And she didn't know. Either way they were dead so she chose not to be burnt alive. " Bombarder !" Hermione screamed again as the wall surrounding the broken window burst apart. Harry grabbed one of Deans arms and Hermione dragged the other, pushing him over the side of the building and into the flower beds below. They both jumped in unison just as the wall to their right crumbled and the fire engulfed the room. Harry was quick to think of a shield charm as they jumped so stopper the onslaught of curses being throw at them but neither thought of their landing. Hermione landed with a crack and felt a fire burst to life in her leg screaming loudly as she tried to focus and deflect the curses coming their way. One hit her in the upper arm ripping apart her bicep with a slash of blood that spat into her eyes, her wand falling from her hand. She was injured and defenceless in the dark. This was her worst nightmare. She looked for Harry a few feet away on his knees fiercely dueling with Merlin knows how many Death Eaters that were waiting for them in the distance, slowly closing in on them. She crawled over to Dean covering her head to avoid the shower of bricks and stones falling all around her and narrowly missing another curse that smashed into the wall behind her, hissing. When she reached him she kept herself as low as she could, pushing her good hand onto his stomach trying to stop the blood but it continued to pool under her fingers. She sobbed over his body as he continued to moan and write around in pain, thick blood seeping through his t-shirt. "Dean!" She screamed trying to get him to look at her. She called his name over and over again until his movements lessened. She started to feel weak and dizzy. "Dean! Someone help me! Please!" She screamed in his face as he became still, his blood covering her hand and clothes as she rested her arms on his still form and felt the world spin around her. She heard a muffled shout from somewhere then flashes of green and orange and red. The shouts continued until she was yanked away from him by a girl with flaming red hair who began chanting over him. She fell against the wall of the house watching Ginny try to save his life. A loud sob escaped her dry throat as the darkness took her and she thought of him and his dark eyes looking into hers.