a slap on the wrist and most likely told to be more careful. He also doubted that the teachers would listen to him either. Yes Harry did have an injury from the chase he had been through but that was easily enough explained away. Especially if the boys Aunt and Uncle were actually worse than he thought and simply lied about how Harry got it in order to pull suspicion away from their own son. Besides Yamamoto had only lived in the area for two years. From what he managed to overhear he was considered to be a strange, if harmless, old man who was living by himself after moving to England when his wife died. If it came down to who to believe he was inclined to think that the school would take the words of parents that had been involved with it for years over his own. Especially when all the evidence he could provide was circumstantial at best. There were also the potential ways that attempting to use the school to even the odds could backfire, both on Harry and Yamamoto himself. Worst case scenario he was accused of injuring Harry and making the boy lie about it for whatever reason. There was also the small fact that he had invited a small boy into his home and did not know his guardians. That was a story that could be spun badly by anyone with half a brain and a bare minimum of malice. Yamamoto didn't really care about his own reputation, he didn't really get out into the community all that much the opinion of sheep meant little to him. But it certainly wouldn't help Harry either, he doubted putting a child like him in the spotlight like that would do Harry much good. He considered the problem while winding a bandage around Harry's head with the sort of thoughtless ease that came with decades of experience. He couldn't go to Harry's family, he couldn't go to the school, or rather he could but he doubted it would make a huge difference. The police were a possibility but Yamamoto doubted it would change much. They would probably take his claims of Harry being attacked rather seriously, especially considering the wound on his forehead. But it would only really lead to them talking to the parents of the children in question, who would still be considered to young to really understand what they were doing in its entirety. If Harry's Aunt and Uncle were as bad as he had stated, and Yamamoto could feel no lie. Then going down that road would achieve exactly nothing except for perhaps making the bullies be more careful about when and where they struck, still not really evening the odds as much as he would like. The old man took a long drink of his tea, brown eyes looking carefully at the child before him who sipped his own tea. "Harry, why are you not in school at the moment?" Yamamoto asked, he didn't really pay attention to other people really but he was fairly certain that in England children should be having schooling at this hour. The green eyed boy in front of him started at the sudden question before answering. "The summer holidays have started Mr. Yamamoto, we don't go back until the first of September." Harry answered dutifully, the old man nodded at the information and took another sip of his tea. The first of September was still two and a half months away, it was enough time to get quite a bit done if the time was used wisely. Maybe it would not level the playing field but it would give Harry a better chance than he had at the moment. "I see," He stated, right hand stroking his beard absently. "Harry how would you like to learn Martial Arts from me?" Yamamoto asked, he wouldn't teach the boy any of the offensive skills of course, nor Ki manipulation. He would not need them to deal with his cousin. Learning a few blocks and stepping techniques would be enough to keep him out of the hands of a few schoolyard bullies. Besides if Harry could time it just right he could take their fight into full view of a teacher and then Dudley's Gang, as Harry had called them, would have nothing to hide behind. Of course that would also require the boy to get up enough courage to bait them into attacking him near a teacher. Then he would need to successfully block and dodge for long enough he could maneuver them into view. Which was no simple task, still baby steps. Maybe it wouldn't level the playing field completely but it would give the boy a fighting chance at least, more than he had at the moment. "Martial Arts?" Harry asked, Yamamoto held in a sigh. He should have known no eight year old in England would know what Martial Arts were, this would have been much easier if he was in Japan. "Yes Martial Arts, like what you saw me do earlier when I threw that boy." He replied bluntly making the boys eyes go wide. Like he couldn't believe he was being asked if he would like to learn how to do that. "Could I do that to?" Harry asked, sounding very unsure of himself. Yamamoto put it down to being raised in what seemed to be a slightly abusive environment. The old man smiled at the boy before him, his hand still stroking his beard. "Of course you can." He said with conviction, he would never actually teach the boy how to do that. In fact they would probably stop training after these school holidays were over. But it was a good idea to give such a young mind something to aim for, that way he would give his all to the training. Yamamoto's small smile turned into a slightly larger one at Harry's answer. "I'd like to learn." Round One: Time.