kept hitting my prostate over, and over, and over again and pulling on my hair, and he came inside me. Then he pulled out and licked my leaking arse-hole and I came. That's when I woke up a puddle of come, and I was still hard. So I stuck a few fingers inside myself and pretended it was Draco." The common room was silent. "Whoa. Potter, you know I never thought of you as particularly brave and gutsy to be honest, but that. Give him a hand everybody!" Blaise clapped and whooped loudly and soon everybody joined in. Harry finally lifted his head up to see everyone cheering him in, everyone but Draco, who was licking his lips and staring at him with cloudy grey eyes. Harry had the audacity to smile, "So does that mean we win?" Pansy laughed. "That was brave, Potter, but believe or not we've had worse. Something with Snape, you don't want to know" Harry shivered, "So the game continues! Harry you chose someone." Harry looked at Draco who had now turned completely away from him, and sighed. "You can give my turn to someone else" Pansy seemed pleased, "Fine. Granger." Hermione shook herself out of her dazed state. "Um, sure. Draco?" she asked tentatively, ready to get this game over with. Draco looked her straight in the eye as if trying to decide if she had anything up her sleeve. It seemed that he decided that she did. "Dare" he snarled. The room let out a collective gasp, and Draco regretted his decision immediately. Shit. "I dare you…" Hermione was a good friend to Harry, and a very smart girl, but she was also a teenager who could become overwhelmed by lust, just like anyone else. Maybe she could combine all of those qualities to come up with a dare satisfactory to all, including herself. "I dare you to suck Harry off while Harry speaks to you in Parseltongue." she decided finally. "What?!" was all that could be heard. The red in Harry's cheeks, and in every other part of him, returned with a vigour. "No! NO! Absolutely not!" Draco began to back away but was caught by Pansy. "Draco there is absolutely no way I am letting you let us lose! We can't quit, not after what Potter just pulled!" "Especially after what Potter just pulled!" Hermione cleared her throat. "Well Draco, are you going to back out like a coward?" Draco absolutely hated that word. That was what people had called his father, the bastard. But Draco Malfoy was not his father. He had no mark on his arm and he was not about to become a coward now. "I'll do your dare, Granger" Draco growled. A squeak escaped Harry's mouth. Had Draco just agreed? Oh fuck. Draco looked around the group with a loathing expression, then he pulled off the cashmere sweater in a quick, smooth motion leaving his pale, scarred chest on display for all to see. Harry thought he had never seen anything so beautiful. "Don't forget the Parseltongue, Harry." Pansy teased. I might forget to breath with the night I'm having. Draco was on his hands and knees, crawling towards Harry with a predatory look on his face. He backed Harry up against the wall and placed a hand on his jeans. Harry threw his head back and allowed his eyes to close. " Fucking hell, Draco" Harry hissed. Draco looked up at Harry, shocked, and everyone else in the room was forgotten. "Talk to me Harry" Draco groaned, pressing harder into the brunet's erection. " Fuck me Draco. Suck me until I'm screaming your name and can't come up with a coherent sentence! The only person I want is you! Now!" Draco's head was spinning at the silky sensual sound that the Gryffindor was making, and he opened Harry's pants as quickly as possible, allowing his rock hard erection to pop free. " Look at how I'm leaking Draco. That's for you. Just for you." Draco took Harry's cock into his hand and tentatively stroked. He'd told himself that he was tired of impersonal sex, but somehow this didn't seem impersonal. Harry had just bared his deepest desires to him, and that sound coming from his mouth, dear Merlin. He couldn't help himself if he wanted to. Draco licked the underside of the Gryffindor's impressive length, all the while fondling his sack. "Do you like that Harry?" " Yeessssss" Draco wasted no time in quickly taking Harry's cock into his hungry mouth. He sucked viciously while moving his head up and down and swirling his tongue in a tantalizing way. " Oh gods Draco! Merlin you look so good sucking me down like that! Don't stop! Draco, Draco, Draco!" The blond was becoming very accustomed to hearing his named spoken in Parseltongue, it turned him on like nothing else ever could. He couldn't help it. Draco reached down to his jeans and freeing his own cock and began pumping his fist as if his life depended on. " Fuck! Fuck! I'm going to come! Draco I'm going to come! Oh fuck, Draco!" The feeling of a warm liquid that he knew to be Harry Potter's filling Draco's mouth along with the sound of Harry yelling out obscenities in Parseltongue threw Draco over the edge. Draco pulled himself off of Harry's cock and found his way to the brunet's throat where he bit down viciously, causing Harry to practically scream as the two rode out their orgasms. Draco was never more sure of anything in his life that he was of the fact that that was the single greatest orgasm he had ever had in his entire young-adult life. Harry would agree. "Bloody fucking hell." Harry was the first to hear Neville's voice and be brought back to reality. He nudged Draco and the boy only nuzzled further into Harry's neck. Harry didn't know whether to feel embarrassed or extremely pleased. Damn, was he happy he'd come tonight.