Fleur. Not only that, the brunette's mind was impaired from the alcohol, making her unable to think clearly. "So much sadness, so much pain," murmured Fleur. Hermione broke away eye contact at that. "You're taller," Hermione blurted the first thought that came to mind. She could smack herself. The brightest witch of her age indeed. "We've never stood close enough to measure our height differences." Hermione felt Fleur inching closer, and for some reason the brunette's heart raced. Oh my god, don't let her come nearer, she screamed internally. Yes, come nearer . Hermione was confused. Did she or did she not want Fleur to be nearby? She felt Fleur's body against hers, no space in between, and allowed her chin to be tilted upward, making her look into those dancing blue eyes again. "How tall do you think I am, Hermione?" Hermione's palms were clammy. She gripped the railings harder. The combinations of alcohol, stress, morbid thoughts, and strange urge to run away from Fleur but at the same time stay there with Fleur made it difficult for Hermione to breathe properly. "I…I…" She tried to take a deep breath. She tried to control her breathing. She tried to count to ten and think of cute baby unicorns. She failed. The next moment, Fleur gathered her in her embrace, with one hand rubbing her back gently, rhythmically. "Follow my breathing, Hermione, follow my breathing." The voices started again. It was a male laughter this time, giggling gleefully while lecturing her on why shooting an arrow on a person's right knee is much better than the left. Without realizing, she gripped Fleur's dress and closed her eyes, begging the person to leave her alone tonight. She was half-aware of Fleur stroking her hair while repeatedly saying something that sounded soothing. Hermione wanted to tell Fleur that she was fine, that this was common, and that this will be over soon, so could Fleur please go away and leave her alone to deal with this madness because if not Fleur could get it too? Hermione had no idea whether she successfully drove Fleur away because the brunette could feel she was slowly sinking into the darkness, the comfort and familiarity of the cold, lonely place. There was a dull ache in her head, thumping like the rhythms of the drums. Hermione was relieved that the madman stopped lecturing her about arrows and knees. For the time being, her mind was quiet. But pounding. Hermione groaned and slowly opened her eyes, swearing at the sun for being too bright. It took her forever to finally able to open her eyes without hurting, and she was shocked to see Fleur looking at her, concern in the blonde's eyes. Hermione looked around and did not recognize her surroundings. She was lying on a king-sized bed with extremely comfortable red duvet, surrounded by a sofa, three chairs, a small wooden table, various articles of clothing and random stuff scattered throughout, a kitchenette, and a slightly opened door that revealed a small bathroom. Fleur closed whatever book she was reading and, in just one step, sat on the edge of the bed, placed a palm on Hermione's temple and asked gently, "How are you feeling?" Hermione glanced around and then looked back at Fleur's concerned deep blue eyes. This was wrong. It felt so wrong. An immaculate person like Fleur had no business being in such a horribly messy place. "Where…are we?" "You're at my place. You fainted last night and nobody knew where you lived so I decided to bring you here. I didn't want to leave you at Harry's because the rest of the drunken ladies would be staying there and you looked like you needed your own space." "Your…place? Here?" Fleur nodded. "But you're not…messy." Fleur chuckled. "I'm living the life of a single bachelorette, I think I can afford to be messy." Fleur took a potion from the bedside table and offered it to Hermione. "It helps with the headaches." For a moment, Hermione froze, thinking that Fleur knew what was going on. But she relaxed herself, realizing that Fleur was referring to the hangover. Hermione allowed Fleur to help her drink the potion and lied back on the comfortable bed. Hermione felt herself getting lighter and slightly happy. She knew this feeling, she was glad to get reacquainted with this kind of sensation. It had been a long time since she took any drug, both legal and illegal, and she missed it a little. She allowed the sensations to envelope her and led her to some sleep, albeit filled with nightmares (well, what was she expecting?) Hermione had no idea how long she slept but when she awoke, the sun was hanging low and her stomach rioting. Her eyes found Fleur's deep blue ones and the brunette wondered whether Fleur had been sitting across her all these while. "I made some soup. Would you like some?" The gentleness in Fleur's voice shook Hermione. The kind, accepting deep blue eyes frightened her. She wanted to cry. She needed to get out of here badly. She needed to breathe. She needed to eat the soup. No. Not that. She needed to leave. Immediately. Hermione forced herself to sit and swung out of bed. Fleur rose quickly to help steady her, the second time in less than twenty four hours. "I'm fine, I'm fine," the brunette mumbled, desperately trying to push Fleur away without being rude about it. "I need to go now. It's late. I'm late for work. See you around, Fleur. Bye." Quick as lightning, Hermione grabbed her purse and wand, got out of the door and Disapparated to her lake before Fleur could react. Hermione blinked her tears away, rummaging her wardrobe. She got out of her dress, nearly tearing it apart, and put on an old tee and sweatpants. She ran to her raft and rowed to the middle of the lake, this time with her wand firmly in hand.