I'll meet you at the Floo network in a few minutes?" She nodded and waited for him to not in response then turned and walked back towards her office. At that moment the lift doors gave a small ping and the grates slid open. He walked into the lift and they closed gently behind him. He had agreed to take Hermione Granger to the Manor. And he was actually relieved. His pride was not hurt; she had apologised to him. As long as they didn't speak to one another too much he was sure they could get through the afternoon. As much as he hated to admit it, he didn't want to do all the research himself and if she could help him get it sorted sooner he would take the chance. As he reached the Atrium he waited at the entrance to the Floo network as she had asked. Just as he had rested his shoulder on the large marble column beside him, a glance to his left saw a scruffy looking man in robes walking towards him. 'Malfoy.' He stuck out his hand for him to shake giving a small grimace. 'Potter' He replied lifting himself off the column and taking the man's hand in return, giving it a strong shake. He had already spent the morning with Potter and the Auror team on a sensitive Muggle security issue. "I wanted to confirm next Mondays' meeting is Okay? I was going to send an owl but as you are here…" he said running his fingers through his matted black hair, making it even more of a mess than it was already. "No that's fine. Kingsley mentioned it to me earlier. I'll be there." "Great." Harry said nodding his head and crossing his arms over his chest. "So… " he continued awkwardly. "Potter, don't feel obliged to make small talk." He said leaning back against the column and giving him a look that said leave me alone. It wasn't that Potter was a bad guy but there was so much history between them, most of their conversations ended in an awkward silence and Draco found it was easier to not saying anything to one another, other than absolutely necessary. Potter rolled his eyes and looked around the Atrium "Fine, seeya Malfoy." As he turned to walk away he ploughed straight into Granger, knocking his glasses off his face. "Harry!" She said rubbing her forehead, bending down to pick them up for him. "Sorry 'Mione." Potter said his fingers grazed her Khaki blouse. She didn't seem to mind. "I didn't see you, are you Okay?" "I'm fine." She laughed passing him back his glasses "You really need to watch where you're going... Are you ready to go?" She directed the latter question at Draco and he nodded his head in response. Immediately Harry looked between the two of them. "What's going on here?" Potter knitted his eyebrows in confusion. Draco was never one to turn down an opportunity of a wind up and this seemed like a great time. "I'm taking Granger out." He gave Potter the biggest smirk he could muster, winking as he did. Potter immediately turned to Granger, mouth agape. "On a date!?" he yelled. "For goodness sake Harry no!" she said as she glanced around and saw a few ministry employees looking their way. She continued quietly. "I'm helping him with an issue at the Manor. He's just trying to wind you up." She turned and gave Draco a glare which he found highly amusing. He forgot how much fun it was to wind both of them up. "You're going to the Manor?" He questioned. "Hermione can I have a private word?" He put his hand on her arm again and pulled her a few paces away from where they were standing. They spoke quietly to one another. He couldn't make out exactly what they were saying but Potter pointed to her forearm twice. Her mudblood scar. He hadn't even thought about that. By the way Potter was looking at her he was worried for her which made Draco re-think his decision to say yes to her coming and helping. The issue with the Manor hadn't even entered his mind because of their earlier argument. As much as he didn't want to spend time with her, he didn't want to cause her any unnecessary duress by coming along with him. He hated spending time there himself and he had lived there over half of his life. It held too many bad memories for him, some including Granger that he had spent years trying not to think about. His stomach gave a lurch as his memories tried to pull him back to that night. Granger gave Potter a stroke on the arm this time, said her goodbyes and walked towards him, looking at the paperwork in her hands. "Ready?" She asked giving a small smile. He nodded once more and they set off together towards one of the empty fireplaces, her heels clicking loudly on the marble floor as they walked. He should at least give her the opportunity to back out, he thought. "I understand if it will be difficult for you to…" "Stop. Please. I'm fine." She said abruptly. Not looking into his eyes. She stepped into the fireplace and looked up at him, silently beckoning him to follow. He stepped beside her and called out for their destination. A few moments later they were standing in the foyer of Malfoy Manor. He held out his arm and ushered her to step out first watching her as she did. She seemed cautious but had a determined look on her face. He led her along the parquet flooring past the paintings of his ancestors, their eyes following them closely as they walked up to the large dark wooden doors to the grounds. With a flick of his wand the doors opened and he stood to the side, watching her face as she took in the sight.