I didn't know you had company," Dumbledore said, apologetically. He was holding a letter that was, Harry could see, addressed to Sirius Black. "I'll leave in just a minute." His gaze passed over Harry and lighted on Sirius then did a comical double take. "Harry?" "Yeah?" Harry replied. "That is you. Good. This is good. It's good to see you, my boy," Dumbledore responded. "You knew about this?" Sirius glanced at the headmaster, bewildered. "I suspected something," Dumbledore responded. "Okay, let's get one thing straight. I am not a boy any longer. I'm 36 years old now and an alpha werewolf; I refuse to be called that anymore," Harry insisted. Dumbledore startled at that then sighed. "I suppose you are right. Very well. Welcome." "Thank you," Harry replied. "So I guess you came for a reason?" "Ah, yes I did. Sirius, this came for you. It's from the ministry," Dumbledore extended the letter toward Harry's godfather. Sirius took it and opened it, his expression growing very disbelieving by the second. "Uh... What caused this?" Harry smiled as Remus moved to look over Sirius' shoulder. "Mooney, do you know what this means? Assuming it's not a trap, of course." "It means you're free," Harry replied. Both Sirius and Remus turned to look at him. "Harry, how did you know? Did you have something to do with this?" "Do with it? I arranged it! I found Pettigrew and trapped him," Harry remarked, still smiling. "How... Where did you find him?!" Sirius exclaimed, grinning. "I followed his old scent from the grave yard and then found him in Knockturn Alley," Harry replied. "You went back to the grave yard from your fourth year?" Remus replied. "Yeah, it wasn't a big deal. There was no one around," Harry said dismissively. "So we need to have a plan. I know I'm going back to Hogwarts, but in what capacity?" Dumbledore scratched the back of his neck then turned to face Harry. "You could go as the Defense Against Dark Arts teacher this year. And that brings me to another reason that I came. Remus, I need your help with Severus." Harry startled. "What happened to Snape?" "He went missing six months ago," Dumbledore replied sadly. "I believe that Voldemort had found out that he was a spy and decided to take action. However, he turned up yesterday evening, tortured and exhausted. And now he is requesting Remus's presence." "For what, may I ask?" Remus remarked, hesitantly. "I have not a clue," Dumbledore replied. Harry saw Remus glance at Sirius with a bewildered expression. Sirius had the same expression on his face too. Harry himself had a questioning gaze; he knew about the professor's hatred for the two living Marauders. He wondered what the potion's professor wanted with his childhood enemies. Especially since Snape's fear of werewolves and his permanent avoidance of Remus for that exact reason. "I suppose I will take the Defense position then, Dumbledore," Harry replied turning to look at the headmaster. "Ah, good. Then I insist you call me Albus," the headmaster responded. "Okay... Albus," Harry smiled then blinked when he thought of something. "Will Professor Snape be up for teaching this year then?" "Hmm, that is a good question," Albus mused. "Perhaps I will allow him to only teach this year. I'll hire someone else to be Head of Slytherin or someone to be Co-Head." Harry groaned at the twinkle in Albus's eyes. "You want me to be Head of Slytherin with him, don't you?" "If you want," Dumbledore replied, starting to smile. "I would have no objections to it and I'm sure he would welcome the help." "Welcome help?" Sirius muttered. "You don't know Snape then." "Uh, Albus, you do know that Harry was in Griffindor when he went to Hogwarts, right?" Sirius asked. Harry chuckled. "I thought the Hat wouldn't tell anyone about what it saw?" "Harry, what are you talking about?" Remus asked. "The hat tried to put me in Slytherin at first," Harry grinned when Sirius paled. "Really? Then why did it put you in Griffindor?" Remus questioned curiously. "I told it to," Harry shrugged. "I just didn't want to be a Slytherin." "Students can influence the hat?" Sirius asked. "Harry is the first one that did," Dumbledore replied with a twinkle in his eyes. "Now, as it is the week before school begins, would you like to come to Hogwarts now and get settled in? You can have a whole other separate quarters as you probably don't want to be surrounded by younger students." "Yeah, sure," Harry replied. "I'll need to figure out my lesson plans. And since the next full moon is on September 4th, I can spend it there in the forest." He glanced over at Remus. "Do you have plans for the full moon?" "I've been just spending it in the basement here," Remus replied. "Since Snape isn't here, I haven't been able to get any wolfsbane." Harry narrowed his eyes. "You still take that god awful stuff?" "I used to," Remus hesitantly replied. "Don't you?" "No, and the werewolves that were in my pack in the other dimension didn't need to take it," Harry muttered. "Here's what you'll do. Meet with me on that night when you feel like you're about to shift. I'll make sure you don't need that stuff. And that's not a suggestion, either. I've seen werewolves who take it end up dead sooner than they needed to be." Yes, alpha," Remus responded, looking down at the floor for a minute then turning to Sirius. Harry's godfather was looking between the two, bewildered. "It's a werewolf thing, isn't it?" Sirius asked, reaching out a hand to grasp Remus' shoulder in reassurance. "Yeah, it is, Padfoot," Remus informed him. "Sirius, would you like company when you have your trial?" Dumbledore asked. "Yeah, I would, thanks," Sirius replied. Harry watched as Dumbledore went back through the floo then he strode over to the fireplace and walked through the floo to Hogwarts.