castle to Kate all throughout her short life. So stepping out into a war scene was a shock. Walls were crumbling and stone floors were trembling underfoot. So Kate did what all children did when they got scared. She ran away from it all. Ducking stray spells and still managing to hold onto her toy, she ran all the way down the green sloping grounds towards the tree line of the forest. She would be able to hide in there. Kate's small feet struck cold Earth in quick succession, her still running, not deeming herself deep enough in the forest yet. Her eyes took in the dark green foliage all around her, it all looking the same, her not seeing a large exposed root where she was about to land her right foot. When she went to land her left foot, Kate felt gravity's full force let go of her as she left the ground and then come crashing back down on her with full force when she landed on the rocks and dirt. Whimpering, Kate pushed herself back up and kept going. She tripped numerous times after that over large exposed roots, scraping her young knobby knees and dirtying her night gown that fell just below them. But she pushed herself back up again every time, her palms pressed with dirt that was rubbed into grazes from catching herself every time that she tripped. Her breaths came quick and heavy, her dirty porcelain cheeks streaked with tears, the cold air making her lungs burn and her limbs become clumsy. She just wanted to be back home in her bed, her parents down the hall in their beds and Oliver safe in his training camp bed somewhere in the Scottish highlands. But she wasn't home. She was in the forbidden forest on the second of May 1998, stumbling into a clearing full of Death Eaters and an emerald eyed Harry Potter. Kate had stumbled out between Harry and Voldemort, looking between them and realising her mistake, her stomach dropping. This was the worst thing that she had ever had to face the consequences of. Harry's face went white, him having gone to the forest to stop any more innocent deaths resulting from the war. But standing there in front of him was the embodiment of innocence, the young girl in the wrong place at the wrong time, looking at him with eyes that matched the green jet of light leaving the tip of Voldemort's wand. "Harry." Kate whispered before she turned to meet her fate, dropping to the ground like Harry had seen his father do in his memories. Like a marionette doll with the strings cut. 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 September 1 st 1971, Wood Residence "Kate, wake up! Today's the day!" an excited voice chirped, the solid mass of a body landing on her bed and jolting her the full way awake. The killing curse still behind her eyes, Kate's eyes flashed open, her sitting up with a sharp intake of breath. She was in her bedroom, but it was different, her eyes flashing around but freezing on the jet black hair of the assailant that had jumped on her bed. Looking closer through her sleep crusted eyes, Kate thought that she must be dreaming. "Harry?" Kate asked, choking on the name. The boy that seemed no older than eleven frowned, "James actually, you'd think you'd recognise your best friend of eleven years," He joked, breaking out into an infectious grin, "Who's this Harry bloke?" He asked, raising his eyebrows with a questioning smile. "N-no one." Kate stuttered out, her suddenly feeling light headed as she felt two sets of memories collide. Kate Marigold Wood had been reincarnated as her Aunt. Kate, born 1988 was also born in 1960. She grew up with her older brother Oliver and her father Alexander, both eleven years older than her. Both of them her brothers. In 1960, she had followed James Potter's birth by barely a day, their parents living across the lane from each other. That had been the start of a fated friendship. She and James were inseparable since birth. They were each other's best friends. And Kate found her old life already paling in comparison to the one that she had carved out with James Potter in the past. She preferred this one. There was not even a hint of war tainting their childhoods, no Boy-Who-Lived. Just a blur of broom rides on sunny days, James Potter's loud obnoxious laugh, dancing around the ballroom floor exuberantly with her older brother Alexander when their parents hosted formal events, running through the back of the estate barefoot and practicing magic with the trees and flowers… Hazel eyes locked on Kate's green, James' lips pulling up into an easy grin. "Good, because you're my best friend," James declared before hopping off of the bed, "Now let's go get sorted into Gryffindor already." He instructed eagerly. Their mothers watched on from the doorway, Euphemia shaking her head at her son with a smile before turning to Penelope. "I just could not get him to sleep another wink, sorry for the intrusion, Penny." Euphemia apologised through a light laugh. Penelope laughed as well, "It is no problem at all, Fee, we might as well be one family," She assured the other woman, "And I don't blame him for being excited, Hogwarts will be the best years of their life." Euphemia snickered, " Actually , he did worry a little last night…" She revealed, raising her eyebrows as she thought back. "James? Worry ?" Penelope asked, the idea inconceivable to her as the boy had always been one big ball of confidence. Euphemia nodded, "He was crushed when he found out that he would not be able to share a dormitory with Kate." She informed the other mother. Penelope tilted her head and smiled as she observed James whispering with Kate, "They will make other friends… but nothing replaces all the years they have spent running amuck."