will assist you. I've seen how quickly you need this accomplished and it will be done within forty-eight hours. Come back, repeat the request process and bring a payment of fifty thousand gold pieces." When Riddle was about to speak, he noticed that the man had left without a sound. Nodding his head, he did the same and returned home. Forty-eight hours later, Riddle returned and conducted the same procedure as before. The same raspy voice greeted him and told him the job was done. The monk didn't give any details for the sake of deniability; but told him that it wasn't easy. "As for the payment", the monk stated, "we are taking the boy. I've seen how you wanted to use him as leverage for Joseph Evans, and you still can. Take this envelope, in it contains a recent picture we took of the boy and a note from us...promising his survival. Do...Not...Open...The...Envelope! Trust in us as we have trusted in you. And tell no one of the boy's survival." Tom Riddle used an owl the next morning and addressed it to Mr. Evans. He prayed that this would work and Joseph would remain hidden...forever. 'Trust in the church' , he thought. Then he carried on with that burden off his shoulders and continued his plan to 'WOW' the muggles. What the monk did not mention, was how the Potter's were 'taken care' of and why they didn't take the gold pieces. The Daily Prophet reported the incident as a magical accident. Apparently, James and Lily Potter's cause of death was from a magical explosion within the charms office. Their son, Harry, was thought to be completely consumed by the flames. It was the only explanation they could come up with since they couldn't find his body. What really happened was close enough to the truth that nobody looked into the deaths any deeper. James and Lily were already dead, or dying, before the explosion. Young Harry Potter witnessed a 'demon in the shadows' cut his daddy's throat as he walked across the office floor. Harry saw the emotions leading up to horror in his father's face before his mother started screaming. James' last act on Earth was to point into the darkened corner of the office at his attacker while he laid in his wife's arms. Lily got the hint and started slinging spells left and right hoping to hit her husband's murderer. The flashes of each spell lighting up Harry's eyes as he watched crying. He tried to reach out to her; he needed her to comfort him. When he got the courage to stand, he started making his way to where she stood. She stopped spinning around, she was standing completely still. Harry reached up and pulled at his mum's hand. He could see that she was crying too when her head turned to him. Harry hugged her thigh and buried his head deep into her leg. Harry didn't see the four throwing spikes sticking out of his mother's chest; or the blood gushing down to her trainers. He didn't see the sadness and fear in his mother's eyes as her legs finally gave out and she fell away from him. Three year old Harry became distraught, he knew something bad had happened to his parents. They wouldn't wake up and he was so scared. ' Why wouldn't they answer me? What were those flashing lights? Is the demon gone? What happened? Mummy. Daddy... Mum'. Accidental magic is common in young children. A floating toy that was taken away zooms back into a child's hand. The cookies that was supposed to be for dessert appear on their bed. Glass picture frames break when they would cry. All common with magical children at the age of eight and above. But Harry Potter was special, he was powerful for his age. His tears fueled his anguish to the point where he became electrically charged. Slowly, static sparks zapped from Harry's fingers and clothes to the floor, escalating his fear. The 'shadow demon' watched as a primal scream ripped out from little Harry's throat as he called out to his mother. Raw magic poured out of Harry in waves resulting in an explosion that vaporized his mum's furniture and upended her office. The demon was launched into the stone wall and crumbled back to the floor; saved only by a last second shield charm. 'Damn! I've never felt anything like that.' After a few agonizing seconds, the demon hobbled over to the unconscious child and scooped him up. He would be taken to the church and his fate would be decided. It was standard for them to receive orphaned children to be trained in his art. ' This child will make a powerful monk' , he thought as he pulled a small bottle from a belt pocket. Using wandless magic, he enlarged it to the size of a liquor bottle and quickly doused the room in a homemade napalm formula. He transfigured his throwing spikes back into tiny sewing needles and looked around one last time. With the toddler in his arms, the assassin monk jumped to the window sill and tossed a match. He just started his descent to the ground when the castle tower shook from the explosion. When he finished the climb, he yanked his grappling hook free and bolted past the Black Lake and into the Forbidden Forest. Turning back, he noticed that the tower he was just on was no longer in flames. 'Glad that didn't go on for too long' , he thought. He looked down at Harry, "Forgive me young one, it was not personal. I will take care of you now." ...Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks... ~Doug Larson A/N: Once again, and I'm sure we have all read the disclaimer several times, but I don't own anything Harry Potter...wish I did, but damn it I don't, so there.