the Professor acted nothing like his cousin as he grabbed Harry's wrist and pulled him forward in a vice grip. Harry didn't struggle knowing full well that it could make matters worse if the man wasn't already awake. Snape had flipped Harry onto his back; his wrist twisted and pulled out. His other arm captured behind his back with Snapes other arm holding his body still. Harry lay still for a few moments before Snapes voice sent chills down his spine. Right next to his ear, his breath ghosted his neck which made harry very glad that Snape had decided not to face him as his voice was hoarse and quiet he whispers "I'm so sorry Harry." But harry was shocked most by the use of his name. Months had passed and Snape had never said his name "I failed my promise to Lily. To protect you. I never thought the person sent to protect you would use you, destroy you." Harry froze at the implied words-A reminder he had buried in his mind. Upon Sirius's death, Dumbledore had come to Harry. At first he had thought the man was comforting him. Until the man had finally spoke. "That was foolishly stupid of you Harry. I thought better of you; that you would not fall blindly into his trap. And now look what has come of your stupid decision. Sirius is dead. If you had only stayed here and obeyed the directions given to you he would have never been put in the position to protect you. You killed him." Dumbledore stood and paced the room disappointment etched on his face. He looked at Harry and had sighed and shook his head. "I was planning on telling you this later but I feel you should know about it now. You were never meant to survive this war and that is the only thing that gives my heart light- for retribution for an innocent man and everyone else that been lost to this war." Dumbledore then looked straight at him and laughed. Almost insanely. "There is a piece of his soul inside you. He will never die as long as you live Harry. So train. Kill him. And die. That is all the wizarding world wants of you." and he had walked away. Harry hadn't been the same after that. His insomnia had gotten worse. He ate less and a growing, ever present hunger grew stronger. His so called friends had stopped speaking to him. " It's your fault we almost died. That Sirius died. Since we've known you Harry Potter you have put our lives and our families lives in danger." and they too walked out of his life. The only ones that cared to bother with him were Neville, Luna, and the twins. And for some strange twist of fate Harry and Draco had gotten closer over the past year. It had happened by accident, getting into an argument and both losing their nerves. And then Draco let slip the very reason he despised Harry so much. "We would not be having this petty fight if you had only taken my hand back in first year!" And from then on Harry learned that Slytherins were not what he expected. It was just another thought planted in his head. He should have let the hat put him in this house was the first thought he had the first time he stayed in the dungeons. And they trained. Harry spent his summer with the Malfoys. Learning what he felt was natural to him. "I'm so sorry Harry."Snape whispered again. Harry pushed himself off the bed and away from the man. "Why the fuck would you be sorry? I don't blame you for any of it. You have no inkling about even half of it- Not what that vindictive old fool did, not what that snake faced bastard did, not what any of them did. Unless it was you who pointed the wands." he had raised his eyebrow in a very Snape manner and Snape only shook his head. Harry walked back towards the bed and sat on the edge. Raising his hand he brushed the man's long black hair out of his face. "I don't blame you for what any of them did. Why would I when I can't stop worrying about you?" And he stood leaving behind his professor, walked over to Poppy's door and knocked. When she opened the door he walked away. Out of the infirmary, down the halls until he came to the moaning myrtles bathroom. And that's how he found himself. The one place the felt like home. He often came here to think and had explored most of the chamber. Finding that the tunnels went everywhere including the astronomy tower; Where he was now starring out at the blizzard thinking about what had had happened in the infirmary. Harry ran his hand through his hair and brought it down to his mouth(*) running his thumb across his bottom lip, no more focusing on the snow but his memory. The feel of Snape behind him, the way the man felt behind him, beneath him; how secure it was to be held. The slight heat that radiated off the man, and the smell that clung to his cloak. For the past year Harry had gotten to know the man just a little more. He had learned much just by observing him, and though he knew his feelings would never be returned, Harry knew he was falling for Severus Snape. A/N Hello everyone, this is a blast from the past isn't it? Well those of you that knows really. Harry and Severus have been waiting long enough don't you think? I am editing the fic from the beginning and will update as soon as I reach the end… or I will be changing things up a bit... Don't really know yet but we will find out! TTFN! (*) This little tidbit is from "L" on Death Note. Review?