glasses. He's rather introverted, but isn't afraid to speak his mind either, and also quite analytical, thoughtful and logic. His NEWTs are Charms, Astronomy, Ancient Runes, History of Magic and Arithmancy, and he despises everything related to magical creatures due to what happened to his parents. He is also a Prefect. Slytherin Isadore Grey Blair : She is a Pure-blood Year Five student from Ottery St. Catchpole, Devon. She grew up in a rather cold family, as the only child of a couple of workaholics, Rhys and Frances, who spent their days working at the Central Department in the Ministry of Magic – which made them the perfect victims for the attack that happened earlier that summer, causing her mother's death. Her parents' neglect made her become a reserved realist, with an innocent appearance that perfectly matches her quiet attitude. She is soft-spoken and has trouble expressing her emotions, and therefore tends to keep things bottled up – but she's also extremely intelligent and excels at school, and tends to get lost in her own moments of study or research on her favourite topic, Ancient Runes. Her electives are Divination and Ancient Runes. Ciara Rostova : She is a Pure-blood Year Six student from St. Petersburg, Russia. In spite of having been born on the other side of the European continent, Ciara and her family moved to England when she was ten due to the endless magical wars that had been going on in her country for the past years. She is an outgoing girl and a natural risk-taker, always willing to plunge into adventure and get her hands dirty if necessary – always after carefully planning what she wants to do, obviously. She is also very individualistic and bluntly honest, and doesn't get along well with authority figures. She has a twin brother, Nikolai, who is currently attending school back in Russia, and they write a lot to each other – especially ever since their older brother Alexei died during the Ministry attack. Her NEWTs are Defence Against the Dark Arts, History of Magic, Transfigurations, Charms, and Potions. Olivia Rogers-Ruiz : She is a Half-blood Year Six student from Cardiff, Wales. She's constantly feeling stressed about school and life and pretty much everything – however, she's still pretty chill around her friends and loves hanging out with them just like every other teenager – in fact, she's like a sort of older sister to them, because she's perpetually worried and making sure they're okay. She's not afraid to speak her mind and call people out if they're being disrespectful or downright idiotic – which can sometimes get slightly out of hand, since she's a bit careless when it comes to saying things the way they are. Her father is an Argentinan Muggle vet who met Olivia's witch mother while studying his masters in England, and they currently live together with their three children – Olivia and her younger siblings, Frankie, thirteen and a Gryffindor, and Nathan, eleven and a Hufflepuff – and her father's mother, her abuelita Inés. She was also very close to her mother's best friend and fellow Obliviator, Melissa James, who was killed in the Ministry attack. Her NEWTs are Potions, Transfigurations, Defence Against the Dark Arts, Charms, and Herbology. She is also a Prefect. Calvin Alding : He is a Pure-blood Year Six student from Manchester, North West England. He is the only child of a wealthy and quite conservative magical family – however, his magical abilities have often been defined as "underdeveloped" or essentially weak, thus earning himself a certain amount of disregard from his own parents since he was fairly young. They even thought, at first, that Calvin might be a squib - but his magical skills, however minimal, were still there, and he was shipped off to Hogwarts at the age of eleven like every other magical child. His lack of magical talent became his greatest fear and insecurity, and so he began to focus on other areas as soon as he got to school – so to speak, areas that he could control without the use of magic. He is, however, a very clever and resourceful young man, curious by nature and also terribly analytical. In spite of his weak magical abilities, he has managed to become top of his class, and has made himself a place among the Slytherins over the course of the years. His NEWTs are Care of Magical Creatures, Herbology, Potions, Defence Against the Dark Arts, and Ancient Runes. He is also a Prefect and a Chaser for the Slytherin Quidditch team. Rance DiLorenzo Stirling II : He is a Pure-blood Year Six student from Oxfordshire, England. He grew up in a wealthy but loving family, with two hard-working but nevertheless nice and caring parents and two younger twin siblings, Kaira and Kaion, aged nine. He was also really close to his aunt Rayna, her only aunt on her father's side, who was killed in the Ministry attack the previous summer. He's a rather confusing person – he prides himself on his sense of style, and at first he could seem like a rather class-conscious, even stuck-up guy, given that he has manners and his priorities straight. However, he loves to mess around and hates to be told what to do, and could be deemed a bit careless, even when he's also a magnificent liar and quite the constant worker. He's also brutally honest and loves spending time on his own. His NEWTs are Astronomy, Charms, Defence Against the Dark Arts, Potions and Transfigurations, and he's a Keeper for the Slytherin Quidditch team. Soooo that's it for now! I'm super hyped about this story, so I'm going to try and get the first chapter up as soon as I can – I've an essay due on Tuesday, but other than that my week is entirely free, so that should provide us with a few interesting first appearances from each of these lovely characters! Mwahahaha. Until then, -Em.