location. Even if you visit it, the location will be blurred from your mind the moment you leave." "The way magic works is amazing." Fleur smiled, while Gabrielle chimed in, "The same with the university village." "Wait," Harry had to say again. "Why do you keep saying 'university'? Isn't Beauxbatons, you know, a school? Er, Academy. Or something." Both girls blinked at him. "There is the Academy, and there is the University?" Gabrielle offered, looking up at Fleur for guidance. "But Madame Maxime is the Headmistress of both!" she added in excitement, focusing on the entirely wrong details, as far as Harry was concerned. "She's really amazing and clever and-" "Now, Gaby." Fleur tapped her sister lightly on the forehead. Gabrielle pouted. "I'm sure 'Arry doesn't want to 'ear all your fangirling. I'm pretty sure he wants some… more substantial information." "Of course, Harry could have researched this himself," Hermione butted in with a look in Harry's direction. "Honestly! You participated in the Triwizard Tournament, how could you not read everything about the schools you were competing against?" Harry shrugged and stabbed a baby octopus on his plate. "I wasn't really worried about the rival schools, I was a bit more worried about the dragon !" "And then grindilows," Ron muttered into a pint of beer which Bill had brought as a present. "And You-Know-Who." "Oh, who cares about the dragon now!" Fleur interrupted impatiently. She always had a habit of doing that whenever Ron talked, much to the chagrin of the redhead. "The Tournament was ages ago. And the University is now. Basically, it's one of the places where you can study once you finish school." "Like muggle universities?" Hermione asked hopefully. She had always complained about the absence of magical colleges in Great Britain, no matter how many times Ron told her that there were small schools, correspondence courses, apprenticeships, and Ministry training programmes for further education, but for Hermione that didn't seem to be enough . For her, just studying wasn't enough. She wanted something like Oxford or Cambridge: not only knowledge, but also the community, the atmosphere, the student life to which she had been preparing before Hogwarts. Fleur shrugged. "I 'ave no interest in the muggle world. Beauxbatons University offers courses in advanced core subjects, etiquette, humanitarian sciences, arts, and several specialized subjects such as wandmaking. You can either live in the village or take classes by owl post." Harry turned his head to Hermione and stifled a smile. He had a suspicion that Beauxbatons had just got a new student. "You know," Gabrielle spoke up with a rosy flush that muted the freckles dotting her nose. "Even though it's summer, there is so much going on! Extra summer courses, student fairs, projects, contests… Do you want to stay with us and try it out, Harry? Maybe you'll even like it and go to school, too!" Harry blinked. Pointing a finger at himself, he asked, "Me?" The young man laughed. "No way! I'm not touching another essay in my life! Nope." This is ridiculous. Can't everyone see that I'm not study material? "There are many practical subjects, as far as I know," Bill told him, rubbing his chin. "Some of them, I think, you'll enjoy – from what Ron and the twins tell me. For instance, there is a Magical Cooking course. Or Care of Magical Creatures class, which is far more practical than that of Hogwarts." Well, cooking… sounded exciting, Harry had to grant him that. He had loathed cooking for the Dursleys. The breakfasts would be particularly abominable, because he would catch whiffs of bacon crust, make Nutella spreads, pour juice into a carafe… and then watch as the Dursleys devoured all of it while he only had the right to a single toast with cheese on it. Dinners usually went better. Unless his magic acted up, he would be allowed some meat and a bigger portion, but even then he could never eat to fullness. They had never starved him, but a part of him had always longed for something. When he started living alone, he anticipated cooking to be a problem, a chore once again. At first, he had charged Kreacher with it… and Merlin, had that been a disaster! Harry wiped away the image of the half-destroyed kitchen from his brain. He tried to eat in small cafes and diners strewn across Hogsmeade and Diagon for a while, because Kreacher's ears would always flap sadly when Harry inevitably choked on his food, but Harry didn't really appreciate how costly it was. He would rather donate than spend all this money gorging himself on food. So, he just ate less. Finally, Mrs Weasley came. Hermione relayed to her Harry's food-adventures, which inspired the matronly woman to- oh no, not simply feed him, even though she always brought a basket of her cooking, but also to teach him how to prepare food. And this time, he could eat it freely, too. Harry's eyes bore into Gabrielle's imploring ones. She folded her fingertips together. "Can you at least try?" she repeated. Harry remembered how often Fleur told them that Gabrielle had few friends at school. "Madame Maxime will surely let you stay for a month to see whether you're interested in any subjects. Just a month! Please?" Harry spied a smirk on Hermione's face and sighed. Of course he wouldn't refuse such an emphatic plea. Well, it's not like he had busy days. Not like his friends. Maybe visiting Beauxbatons would be a nice change of pace. "I'll think about this," he grumbled. AN: If you're reading "Design Your Universe", my other Harry-in-another-school fic, don't worry, I'm not going to substitute it for this one. DYU will be prioritised; this is just a gift-thing. Actually, if I hadn't been sick for the past 2.5 weeks, there would have been an update already. Now, chapter 6 is halfway finished. Please follow me on tumblr: valloryrussusups is my writing blog, valloryr is my personal blog.