hardened for the most fleeting moment before he said, in an unrecognizably polite voice, ''I'm sorry, sir. I meant - please Professor, could you show me - ?'' Dumbledore drew his wand from an inside pocket of his suit jacket, pointed it at the shabby wardrobe in the corner, and gave the wand a casual flick. The wardrobe burst into flames and Tom gave a quiet cry of shock and rage, most all of his worldly possessions were in there. But even as Tom rounded on Dumbledore, the flames vanished, leaving the wardrobe completely undamaged. Tom stared from the wardrobe to Dumbledore; then his expression greedy, he pointed at the wand. ''Where can I get one of them?'' ''All in good time.'' said Dumbledore. ''I think there is something trying to get out of your wardrobe.'' And sure enough, a faint rattling could be heard from inside it. For the first time, Tom looked frightened. ''Open the door'' instructed Dumbledore. Tom hesitated, then crossed the room and threw open the wardrobe door. On the topmost shelf, above a rail of threadbare clothes, a small cardboard box was shaking and rattling as though there were several frantic mice trapped inside it. ''Take it out,'' said Dumbledore. Tom, looking unnerved, took down the quaking box. ''Is there anything in that box that you ought not to have?'' asked Dumbledore. Tom threw Dumbledore a long, clear, calculating look. ''Yes, I suppose so sir,'' he said finally in an expressionless voice. ''Open it,'' said Dumbledore. Tom took off the lid and tipped the contents onto his bed without looking at them. The mess of toys that came out stopped quivering and lay quite still upon the thin blankets. ''You will return them to their owners with your apologies,'' said Dumbledore calmly, putting his wand back into his jacket. ''I shall know whether it has been done. And be warned, thieving is not tolerated at Hogwarts.'' Tom, who did not look remotely abashed was still staring coldly and appraisingly at Dumbledore. At last he said in a colorless voice, ''yes sir.'' ''At Hogwarts,'' Dumbledore went on, ''we teach you not only to use magic, but to control it. You have - inadvertently, I am sure -, been using your powers in a way that is neither taught nor tolerated at our school. You are not the first, nor will you be the last, to allow your magic to run away with you. But you should know that Hogwarts can expel students, and the Ministry of Magic - yes, there is a Ministry - will punish lawbreakers still more severely. All new wizards must accept that, in entering our world, they abide by our laws.'' ''Yes sir,'' said Tom again. His face remained quite blank as he put the little cache of stolen objects back into the cardboard box. When he had finished, he turned to Dumbledore and said baldly, ''I haven't got any money.'' ''that is easily remedied,'' said Dumbledore, drawing a leather money-pouch from his pocket. ''There is a fund at Hogwarts for those who require assistance to buy books and robes. You might have to buy some of your spellbooks and so on secondhand but -'' ''Where do you buy spellbooks'' interrupted Tom, who had taken the heavy money bag without thanking Dumbledore, and was now examining a fat golden Galleon. ''In Diagon Alley,'' said Dumbledore. ''I have your list of books and school equipment with me. I can help you find everything -'' ''You're coming with me?'' asked Tom, looking up. ''Certainly, if you -'' ''I don't need you.'' said Tom. ''I'm used to doing things for myself, I go round London on my own all the time. How do you get to this Diagon Alley - sir?'' he added, catching Dumbledore's eye. Dumbledore handed Tom the envelope containing his list of equipment, and after telling Tom exactly how to get to the Leaky Cauldron, a pub and the entrance to Diagon Alley, he said ''You will be able to see it, although Muggles around you - non-magical people, that is - will not. Ask for Tom the barman - easy enough to remember, as he shares your name -'' Tom gave an irritable twitch, as though trying to displace an irksome fly. ''You dislike the name Tom?'' ''There are a lot of Toms,'' muttered Tom. Then, as though he could not suppress the question, he asked, ''Was my father a Wizard? He was called Tom Riddle too, they've told me.'' ''I'm afraid I don't know,'' said Dumbledore, his voice gentle. ''My mother can't have been magic, or she wouldn't have died,'' said Tom, more to himself than Dumbledore. ''It must've been him. So - when I've got all my stuff - When do I come to this Hogwarts?'' ''All the details are on the second piece of parchment in your envelope,'' said Dumbledore. ''You will leave from King's Cross Station on the first of September. There is a train ticket in there too.'' Tom nodded. Dumbledore got to his feet and held out his hand again. Taking it, Tom said, ''I can speak to snakes. I found out when we've been to the country on trips. They find me, they whisper to me. Is that normal for a wizard?'' ''It is unusual,'' said Dumbledore, after a moment's hesitation, ''but not unheard of.'' His tone was casual but his eyes moved curiously over Tom's face. They stood for a moment, man and boy, staring at each other. Then the handshake was broken; Dumbledore was at the door. ''Good-bye, Tom. I shall see you at Hogwarts.'' With this, he turned and left. The next day, Tom reluctantly did as Dumbledore had told him and returned the items he had stolen from various other children back to their 'rightful' owners, although he did not in fact apologize. He hoped Dumbledore had no way of finding out that little detail. With that he was ready to set off for the Leaky Cauldron and Diagon Alley.