Harry shrugged once more before continuing, as if they had been exchanging little more than pleasantries. "Anyway, Tipsy offered to help me handle some family business, and as you were the only familiar face here, I decided to see whether I could get your help as well." The spark of intelligence in his eyes made Griphook smile viciously as he suspected that Harry may have been more aware of what he was doing than he let on. However it was gone as quick as it came, and Harry simply reached up to scratch the majestic bird perched on his shoulder beneath the chin while waiting for Griphook to get down from behind his massive desk and lead them down towards one of the nearby private offices. "What can I help you with, Mister Potter?" Griphook asked as he took a seat at a desk on the other side of the room while Harry rushed to pull a chair out for his matronly house elf, prompting another raised eyebrow, before taking a seat himself. "Well," Harry began. "About a week ago, I was attacked by a werewolf." "Is that so? I must say, you have recovered remarkably quickly if that is the case." "Yes, well, that's probably all thanks to Tipsy, Dobby, and Zephyr here. They rescued me before it could kill me." Harry looked a little lost for a moment, so Tipsy took it upon herself to help out. "When I was healing the young Master's wounds, I found that there was something strange going on with his blood and his magical core," Tipsy informed him. "I did not see the typical signs of lycanthropy, but rather something completely different. I suggested that Master Harry seek out a goblin healer to diagnose him and see if there is anything that requires immediate attention. Additionally, Master Harry thought it prudent to inform himself concerning his family, and Gringotts would be the obvious place to start on that." Griphook nodded and shuffled through several papers that he had conjured while they spoke and frowned. "Mister Potter, it says here that you have been receiving regular updates and statements in regards to your various holdings." "Please, Griphook, call me Harry, and that must be a mistake. I didn't even know what Gringotts was, let alone that I had a vault before you showed it to me two years ago." "Harry, that was simply your trust vault," Griphook replied. "Money is placed in there every month to cover your various expenses. That is not the main Potter Vault. As for what you have told me, that is very concerning, as we have been receiving directions from your magical guardian for years regarding the handling of your finances." "My magical guardian?" Harry asked. "Who's that?" "Unlike your legal guardians, your magical guardian is the one that magic and spells themselves recognise as your advocate and the one responsible for you. Ever since the events nearly twelve years ago, Albus Dumbledore has held that position. He should have been the one that you learned all about your family from." "While I didn't learn anything like that!" Harry exclaimed. "Are you telling me that not only was Dumbledore supposed to be telling me about my family and the responsibilities that come with being the Lord of a Most Ancient and Noble House, but he's been touching my parents' money too?!" "I'm afraid that he was within his rights as your guardian to handle your finances," Griphook said sadly. He could see that Harry cared very little for the actual money lost, but more that someone he had previously trusted had robbed him of something his parents had left him, regardless of worth. "There may be a solution, though." "What's that?" Harry asked as he struggled to compose himself. "Seeing as we will need to provide one for the healers anyway, you could consider testing to see if your family magic will accept you as its Lord, thus emancipating you and granting you the full title and responsibilities of Lord of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Potter, as well as any other Houses whose blood you carry that are in need of a head." "Let's do it," Harry replied instantly and watched as Griphook withdrew a fresh parchment and a long silver dagger. He instructed Harry to slice open his palm and drop his blood on the parchment. Harry didn't even flinch as the goblin steel broke his skin, and watched impassively as the blood dripped steadily on the page before his hand healed itself, good as new. Griphook's eyebrows rose to his hairline as he read over the parchment before handing it over to Harry, who couldn't blame him when he read the results for himself. Harry James Potter Son of James Charlus Potter and Lily Potter (nee Evans) Lord of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Potter Heir apparent to the Most Ancient and Noble Houses of Black (Contestable), Slytherin, Gryffindor, Peverrel, and Flamel Familiar: Thunderbird Notable latent abilities: Animagus (Chimera), Parseltongue, Beastmaster, Dragon Slayer, Speaker, Mentalist Note: Blood contains significant amounts of basilisk venom, phoenix tears, and Lycanthropy virus. Magical Core shows signs of continued tampering and restriction, while presence of recently expunged soul fragment visible. "So what does this all mean?" Harry said as he handed the parchment back. It means that I made an excellent choice in familiars, Zephyr replied. A/N: So, this idea just sorta came to me, and I couldn't get it out of my head until I wrote it down. Anyways, I'm hoping with this to explore a more thoughtful Harry, as well avoid having like eight chapters of him training and becoming a badass before even arriving at Hogwarts by showing what he will eventually be capable of and charting his growth over a longer period of time. On top of that, this will be a Harry/Daphne fic, so there's that, and other than that, I kinda just hope you guys enjoy my crappy little fanfic.