him. He grabs me by the sides, hauling me into a sitting position without ever taking his lips off of mine. Draco licks all the way down my neck and onto my collar bone, his cock pressing into me and mine prodding him in the stomach. I grind into him and he throws his head back in a loud moan, thrusting his hips up against me. "Fuck..." I sigh, because it seems to be the only word in my vocabulary right now. Within seconds of my moan he has his fingers in the waistband of my pants and is almost ripping them off, leaving me bare in his lap. I immediately climb off of him and pull his pants off of him, but the second they're off he's got me back on top of him, assaulting my lips and squeezing my ass. My thighs are wrapped around his waist and every time I move my cock rubs against his stomach until I can't take it anymore. "I-I need you-" I gasp in his ear, and his mouth is immediately off of mine. "If you want me, you're going to need some preparation." He whispers in my ear, not taking any more time and putting me down on my stomach, spreading me, and putting his tongue in my hole. "Goddamn, Draco!" I gasp as he puts it as deep as it can go, working me loose. My hands pull at his once neat blonde hair, and he works his tongue in me until he has me writhing. But he doesn't stop there. He puts two fingers in his mouth, covering them with saliva, and puts them in in place of his tongue. I moan, and he starts to talk. "You're going to look so fucking gorgeous with my cock inside you." He pumps his fingers faster, earning himself a strangled gasp. He takes my head and turns it so that my eyes are on him while he finger fucks me. "You'll be taking all eight inches whether you like it or not, baby." I throw my head back in reply because he's started curling his fingers and I can't comprehend anything but the feeling. He smirks, grey eyes crinkling. "Good." He says, taking his fingers out and leaving me with an empty feeling. "I need you to lube me." I quirk an eyebrow, and he chuckles. "Suck me a bit. Just a little. I don't know how long I would last in that mouth." I blush but bring my mouth down to meet his glistening head all the same. His cock is warm and full in my mouth and I try to take it as deep as it can go, getting it as wet as possible. All too soon he's pulling it out. "I-I can't..." He pulls me on top of him again, but doesn't have me sit. He looks me dead in the eye. "After I'm done with you, you're not going to be able to sit comfortably for a week." He growls the words into my ear and I moan. He takes that as the signal to start lowering me onto him. Inch by inch he fills me, and it burns and hurts but it hurts so good that I don't know whether to scream or moan. His girth is stretching me and I wrap my legs around his waist. After a bit of adjusting, Draco is in me all the way to the hilt, his tip brushing lightly against my prostate every time he moves. He puts his forehead against mine and kisses me when he starts thrusting; slowly at first. In the beginning it hurts, and he swallows my cries. But then it starts feeling good... suddenly, he isn't going fast enough. "Faster." I gasp into his ear, and he has no problem fulfilling my request. My cock rubs against Draco's stomach with every thrust, giving me more pleasure than I know what to do with. My nails scratch at his back roughy, surely leaving dozens of marks. "Faster." I say again, because I want more. So much more. "Harder." And he goes harder, but still not hard enough. I pull his face down to meet mine, and look into his darkened stormy eyes. "Fuck me ask hard and fast as you can." I say to him, and he grins. "As you wish, Mr. Potter." He says, before pulling out, putting me on my hands and knees, going back in, and fucking me so hard that he hits my prostate with every thrust. "Draco!" I scream, his hips slapping my ass where they meet, and his hands pulling me by the hips to meet his frantic thrusts. I take myself in hand and jack myself off harder and faster than ever before because I'm so painfully hard that I don't know what to do with myself. Soon, I can feel the coil tightening inside of me. "I-I'm going to-" is all I get out before I come the hardest I ever have, and he's still fucking me as hard as ever. Draco pulls me up so my back is against his chest and he takes my now soft cock in hand, moving his hand in time with his thrusts until I'm amazingly hard again, and he himself is grunting. But his orgasm comes with dirty talk. "I'm so glad I got to fuck you open. I want to split you down the middle with my cock, and never stop fucking you. I got you hard again so I could suck you, feel all 7 inches of you, Harry. Fuck... Fuck!" He screams, riding out his orgasm inside me. The second he stops coming, he pulls out, moves down and gives me the most aggressive blowjob ever, which ends with my come all over his face. "Scared, Potter?" He asks me, panting. I give him a wry grin. "You wish." "And so, in response to this new aggression, we are launching a new effort..." Sorry... my hand slipped