bashful, now aren't we." His dark sultry voice made her aware of what was about to happen. She gasped when he climbed on to the bed throwing his shirt to mix with the clothes he had kicked away. She swallowed hard when he spread her thighs with his knees and crawled between them. He then lifted his hand and caught something. "Drink this." She noticed the label on the bottle and realized it was a potion for contraception. She sheepishly took it and threw it back. It tasted awful, but wasn't going to complain that he was prepared. He leaned over her and lowered his mouth to her ear. His voice was like silk as it rolled over her. "Beg for it." She was about talk when she noticed that he was slowly jerking himself. The motion was enough to distract, until he cleared his throat. "Please Professor Snape, I-I need you inside me." She said it as a whisper, but her body started to flush every where. With precision he showed even in the classroom, he slowly started to enter her. She groaned at the new sensation and started to breath faster as he stretched her insides more and more with each inch. He took a slow pace until he was almost entirely sheathed inside her. But had to stop due to her clenching so hard it was making it almost too hard to breathe. "You need to relax. It will hurt if you can't relax." She realized how much she was tensing, almost like she was trying to squeeze him out. Which was the exact opposite of what she wanted. She tried to relax her muscles and she visibly sees in his face when he was glad she released her grip on him. He moved back some then thrusted forward, faster then she was ready for. She let out cry when he finally sunk completely inside of her. He didn't move. He settled there until she began to fidget. "Are you ready?" He asked tenderly. She wiped the tears from her eyes and nodded. That was when he started to move his hips at brisk pace. Each time he thrusted inside of her, she saw stars. She could feel a similar build up in her body as before, but it was sharper and more frantic. She was starting to thrash as he orchestrated her need to get to what she was expecting to be one hell of a orgasm. She began to worry as it was building far more intense then before. She heard him moan and grunt as he moved. He lifted her leg to settle it on his hip, the angle was mind blowing. She could hear unfamiliar sounds escaping her lips. Then she felt her body reach the precipice, he shifted his hips and she screamed his name as she fell over the edge. Her inner walls gripped him hard when she finally came. The pressure helped him finally find his release, with a loud groan. He always prided himself on finding his end as well as hers. But the feeling of complete satisfaction filled him. She was just a responsive as he wanted and she felt so good. He wanted more, but knew she wouldn't be ready. He got up and pulled back on his boxers and pants and made his way to his private bathroom. He went and grabbed a a vial of pain reducer and went back in time to see her return. She sat up and blushed. She fidgeted again as she tried to think of something to say, but couldn't find any words. She noticed that and he smirked at her "It seems I have found a way to render you speechless." She flushed with anger, but because she couldn't say anything due to her pleasure filled mind. He seemed to have won. He handed her the vial in his hand. "Take this, you'll still be sore in the morning. But this should help." "Thanks." She drank the potion and handed back the empty vial. She got up and gathered her clothes and walked into the bathroom. She didn't know what to say to him. She enjoyed herself and was glad that it wasn't too degrading. But what do you say to the man who just took your virginity. "Gee thanks for sticking it to me. See you in potions on Monday." She dressed and tried to fix her insane hair. She found a hair binder in her skirt pocket and tied it up in a messy bun, then splashed water on her face. She took a deep breath and walked back into his office the transfigured furniture were back to normal and he was dressed again. She looked at him as he leaned against his desk. "Umm I guess thanks and it was nice." She didn't like the word, but she couldn't think of anything that fit. She picked up her robe and made for the door. When she felt him grab her wrist and pulled her toward him. Against his normal behavior, he pulled her back and kissed her hard. She sighed and slightly moaned into his lips. When they finally parted, he said breathlessly "You will return next Saturday." She nodded and he released her wrist and she walked out the door. She quickly made her way back to her dorms and stops in the bathroom. Running in and slinks to the floor. She let her fingers touch her lips. The whole experience flashed in her mind. But the invitation to return was more then she could have ever expected. There was a fire in his eyes that matched the intensity of the kiss. She was nervous and excited for the next night together. She just needed to keep herself focused this week. She blushed at the thought of being in his class listening his commanding voice or watching his hands. She said to herself "something tells me a pressing matter will turn into a pressing need"