to do many things, too, but you don't see me wandering around throwing orders, wizard boy." The creature didn't move an inch. Not in the mood for such games, Harry crouched to be on the same eye-level with the goblin and pitched his voice dangerously low as he spoke, "You will take me there. Right now." He brought a hand up to the creature's receding hair and pulled. "If not, I can already tell you that a Sun Amulet and my own skills protect me from whatever you dish out immediately and my godfather is Lord Black, so it will protect me from anything you throw at me in the long run. Oh, and I'm good with curses." "You foolish wizards fear this place called Azkaban," the goblin stated after a long pause. A deceptively gentle smile bloomed on Harry's face. "My father doesn't hate me enough to actually send me there. Besides, do you think people would rather believe a sub-human or a prefect with perfect marks and who is about to receive a reward from the Minister himself for trumping half the OWL records?" { Design Your Universe } "Vault 522," the goblin announced in a monotone. Harry nodded and stepped out of the card, for the first time feeling hesitance embrace him. When he was paces away from the door, he halted and raised his hand to touch the necklace. Its smooth, cool surface gave him energy and power to amble forward. Harry twisted the key and pushed the door open. The vault was dark. Even darker than the Blood Chamber before. No torches, no any other sources of light. A shudder rushed up Harry's spine. His eyes swept through the vault and caught sight of the only object: a moderately large wooden box in the very centre of the room. Harry marched up to it and dropped on the cold stony ground to reverently bring his shaking hands to touch the coarse surface of the box. Cradling it to his chest for a second, as if feeling memories and warmth and love speeding up into him from the plain object, Harry was forced to break his reverie at the dry deriding cough of the goblin behind. The spell shattered. "Leave me," he ordered coldly. "Gladly." The smile the creature flashed was full of teeth. "We come check the place for thieves once every twenty years. I hope we won't forget this corner of bank this time." "You know what I mean and must obey." There was an oath binding goblins to their customers and Harry used it. "Unfortunately," the goblin spat and strode out of the vault, closing the door behind him. Harry was alone. Slowly and carefully, Harry set the box on the ground and lifted the lid. He did a double-take. Well, this certainly isn't what I was expecting. Lily had been an Unspeakable fiercely devoted to her job, so Harry had expected to find a sheaf of parchment and muggle paper, all filled with notes on various inventions, instructions on potions-making and spell creation, tables of properties, maybe even hints on the whereabouts of hidden treasures- Never this. The array of objects was as diverse as they came. The largest of them was a leather-bound journal. When Harry cautiously untied the coarse bows, he opened the journal and flipped through the pages, but to his bitter disappointment, the entire thing was covered with a string of incomprehensible scribbles in a language Harry hadn't heard of. Should research this one. These are not runes, at least, so nothing nasty like blindness or mutilation will happen if I read it. Harry set it back into the box and pulled out the next object: a... cup. Yes, a wooden cup. Harry stared at it for a second. The cup stared back. Perhaps mother needed it for a DoM experiment? Then, out of the corner of his eye, while placing the cup into the box, he spied an elegant velvet box of rich blue colour. He opened it and found a set of earrings made of something looking suspiciously like diamonds. They sparkled at him. Harry inspected the jewellery. Now, at which price do I sell them? The recollection that these had once belonged to his mother tore Harry out of the clutches of his stupor and the teen shook his head in self-disgust, strands of black hair falling into his face. I can't. I will wear them as a remembrance of her. They are going to make a nice set with the locket, hmm? Besides, they shine prettily... And speaking of shiny things... Harry's gaze fell on a ritual knife with a ragged blade. It was very simple, with a black handle, and the teen had seen this sort of knives in a book on obscure arts he had snitched in the Restricted Section of the Hogwarts library. Harry shied away from touching it. He had read that if a ritual knife didn't accept you as its master, then the person who dared place their hands on it would be butchered into pieces. Magic didn't take kindly to thieves, real or presumed. The teen diverted his attention to the other objects in the box but was disappointed: a few shards of glass, a bottle of indigo mist, five rainbow-coloured leaves which somewhat resembled maple ones, a full bottle of Felix Felicis, two bottles of unknown content (one of them mostly empty and the other of a rich red colour), a diamond, and an amethyst. No money, no truly personal things like photos or letters or even pieces of parchments with Lily's handwriting on them... And yet, Harry's day had brightened, his findings of today chasing away the uncertainty and fear of the future, energising him, lending him the force to move on and seek ways out of the situation his father had thrown him in. Those were the things that had once belonged to his mother, however puzzling they were. But... What do I do next?