a few seconds and I was already a clumsy mess. "Sorry," I said finally opening my eyes and apologetic smile on my face. "All good Red," the boy laughed off rubbing his arm. "Probably will barely leave a bruise." "Sirius?" I asked looking at the boy closer. "Yep," Sirius smiled. "Glad you remembered me Red." "Why are you calling me that?" I asked before putting on a bit of 11 year old sass. "Forget my name already?" "No you're wearing a startling lot of red, I mean the hair, the shoes the shirt. And yeah you may be right about the name, but always good to have a nickname." He said with a wink.( cgi/set?id=173007290 ) Okay maybe I was, but it's nice to have a favourite colour especially when it went well with my skin. Which was far to pale for my own good, I burnt way to easily. And I came from Australia- granted I moved a to London when I was 5, but I still had a lot of time bathed in sunblock for years. The cold weather was something i found refreshing when we moved. Plus it is how I met Lily after all. "It's Monique," I said correcting him, though I did actually like that fact I had a nickname, especially one that was more inventive than dork. Which was patronising as well. "I think I'll stick with Red," he smiled. "So want to go find a carriage?" "Yes," I said biting the inside of my mouth slightly so my smile wasn't like a crazed person, just a moderately happy one. Obviously I hadn't done the best job if his laugh was anything to go by. Starting to push both of our trolleys and head onto the train, having to lug my suitcase – one for clothes and one for a serious amount of school supplies – glad my cat was small enough to fit into the pocket of my jacket. "You mind if we sit here?" I heard Sirius ask, not having even realised we were on the train and bags taken away. Sure as hell told you whole I lost I became in my own little world. "Go for it," the guy replied. He was by himself in the compartment big enough to fit at least 10 people. He had messy black hair and I wondered if he had started styling it early or he spent a lot of time in the wind. He fixed his square rimed glasses before stretching his hand out, "James Potter." "Sirius Black," my new friend said taking his hand. "This is Red." "Monique," I replied though truth be told I really didn't mind, "I think red suits you," James replied. Shaking my head I took a seat next down to James while Sirius sat in front of me. "So, know what house you'll go in? Personally I think Slytherin would suck, I might transfer or go home if that happens." James asked in a joking tone. "My whole family is in Slytherin," Sirius stated. "Reall, here I was thinking you were alright," he laughed off soon joined in by Sirius. I however just sat there, I had no idea what they were talking about realising I was far over my head. "What about you Red?" James asked once their laughter had died down. "I don't really know what they are," I mumbled awkwardly. "Muggle born?" James asked I nodded. "That's okay," he smiled before continuing. "There is Hufflepuff, they're kind of a snore but good if you're friendly and good at finding things. Ravenclaw mostly filled with the brainiest students or ones with the most arrogance. Slytherin mostly populated with gits," he said with a laugh. "Though Sirius here isn't so bad, sure there is a few nice people in there." "Not in my family," Sirius said, both seriously (I had to laugh a little at that) and in a joking manner. "And finally Gryffindor, and I think that's the one for me," he finished not giving me any indication why so of course I had to ask. "Well it suits me," he said with a smile. "Plus it was my both of my parents house." "So there's like a genetic code along with sorting you out?" I asked, science brain coming into the mix. So it was my favourite subject at school, I was a bit of a dork so what? "No," Sirius answered before James could. "It all depends on the mind." And with that the conversation died, though I hadn't realised we had taken half the journey with that small conversation. "I think it's time to change," Sirius mentioned grabbing his small bag down from the railings above our heads and taking out the black robes. I did the same, but moved out of the carriage and finding a bathroom instead of changing in the compartment with them. Because hello awkward. When I came back they had both changed and were now surrounded by piles of confectionary. "Wow," was all I said dragging their attention away from the food and onto me. "Well don't you look like a fine little witch," Sirius smiled before offering me a jelly bean. "What flavour is this?" I asked looking at the yellow spotted blue bean. "You tell us," James said smiling mischievously at Sirius. Deciding to shrug this off I ate it, before quickly spitting it back onto the ground much to the boys' delight and laughter fit. "Gross," I finally managed and James handed me a drink to which I just eyed him. "I solemnly swear this is just orange juice," he said hand that wasn't holding out the "juice" over his heart. "Promise." He said again. "If this isn't I will never trust you again James Potter," I stated taking the drink to rid my mouth of a combination of soap and old eggs. The juice however was really refreshing, tasted bloody heavenly actually. I really hoped it was just orange in there. "Thank you."