drank down the Draught. Her children followed in suit, and the students did the same, as they took a vial from the backpack. The Draught tasted like a sugary drink, and wasn't disgusting at all. Lily Potter took pride in brewing – and teaching her students how to brew – Potions and Draughts that were more delectable to the pallet, instead of those disgusting-tasting Potions she had been used to in wizarding Great Britain during the decade she had been there as a witch. When the last student drank their vial, Lily summoned the backpack and all the vials, and stored them. "Pilot Black and Co-Pilot Lupin to Professor Potter," Sirius' voice rang overheard once again, "ETA is five minutes. Repeat. Five minutes to Hogwarts." Lily brought her wand to her throat. "Five minutes. Loud and clear. Thank you Pilot Black. Let us know when there is one minute to ETA." "Loud and clear, Professor Potter," Sirius said. Lily smiled and looked around at her children and students. "When we set down," she said, "You are to line up in two rows from youngest to eldest amongst you. So Harry and Rose, you will be at the front of the two lines. I will, of course, be leading everyone out. Leave your belongings, except what you have on you, in here." When Sirius announced one-minute to ETA, Lily stood and instructed the students to get into lines. She stood in the front center, watching the students line up. As the Thunderbird began its landing, Lily turned to the large door. Rose clutched her hand in her mother's, who looked down at her daughter with a smile. "You nervous, Rosie?" Lily asked. Rose shrugged and gave a small nod. "Don't worry," she said, "I think you'll love Hogwarts. I'm sure you'll make some friends." "I miss my friends," Rose said, sighing. "All your friends still have those mirrors you gave them, right?" Lily asked. "Yes, Mom," Rose said, "And I have mine." "Well, there you go," Lily said, "As long as you count for time differences between here and Ilvermorny, you can still speak to your friends through the mirrors. Distance doesn't affect the mirrors." Rose nodded and smiled. "Okay." Lily smiled and squeezed her daughter's hand. "Well, there you go. I'm sure you'll have loads of fun while you're here. As long as you behave yourself." She looked at Rose, then to Harry. " Both of you." "Come on, Mom," Harry said, "We're much better than Uncle Sirius!" Lily sighed and smiled. "Well, I can't argue with that." "Thunderbird has landed," Sirius' voice rang overhead, "Students of Ilvermorny, welcome to Hogwarts!" The rear door of the Thunderbird lowered, and turned into a ramp. Lily inhaled and exhaled, walked out of the hovercraft and stepped back onto British soil for the first time in thirteen years. And so the story begins. There are several things I need to clear the air about right now about this story. 1. There will be a lot of American references in this story. Harry Potter was raised in America for thirteen years. His sister has been an American all her life. Although their mother, and honorary Uncles, Sirius and Remus, are British, the children were not raised British. For example, they call their mother "Mom" instead of "Mum", and they call Muggles "No-Maj", and Muggleborn "first-gens" (No-Maj-born sounds stupid). And they turn up their nose at British food! 2. James Potter is dead. Sorry to get your hopes up, but he's dead and gone. He sacrificed himself for his family on that Halloween, by blowing up Voldemort and himself in Potter Cottage. Peter Pettigrew, whom was with Voldemort that evening, was killed in the explosion. Voldemort's body was destroyed in the same explosion, but he survived and became Vapormort. Harry is NOT a Horcrux, but he is the Chosen One. HOWEVER, Albus Dumbledore (Manipulative-Greater Good Dumbledore) has paraded Neville Longbottom as the Boy-Who-Lived and Chosen One of the Prophecy). Dumbledore believed – as did most everyone in Britain, except for a small number of people – that Harry Potter was killed on Halloween. So he treated Neville Longbottom as the Chosen One. Due to this, Neville's personality will be much different in this story than canon. 3. Some Characters at Hogwarts will be different than they would have been with Harry Potter's influence. The first three years at Hogwarts, while canon, will have slightly different storylines simply because Harry Potter wasn't there to influence the story. Hell, Harry Potter will be much different than in canon because he was raised by Lily, Sirius and Remus. 4. Things will be happening in a fast-pace at the beginning of this story. For those of you who DON'T like romance happening within the first five chapters, this story is not for you. Harry is – er – like his father and godfather/Uncle Sirius when it comes to the ladies. He sets his sight on one particular girl, and he flirts and stuff. Of course, then there is another surprise I don't want to spoil, and it turns the Romance into an interesting plot. Harry will have his hands full. Also, Harry's sister, Rose, will have her own romantic storyline – yes, even though she is only twelve! I won't spoil it right now. It will be interesting! 5. This is a Lord!Harry story. Harry isn't a Lord YET, but he will be within the first few chapters. There will be a lot of Ancient and Noble House, and Lord and Lady stuff in this story. I think that is enough for now without spoiling the story too much. Here's a question for my readers! Which Ilvermorny House(s) do you think Harry and Rose Potter should be in? Hope you liked the first chapter. I'm not sure when the next chapter will be published. I just wanted to publish this first chapter, and see how my readers like it. I will be focusing mostly on "Harry Potter: Neko's Mate".