thought it would be better of me to clear the air than to ignore you." Victoire faltered, staring at him. His eyes were still in shadow, making it hard to read his face. "You're in the Order now?" "Yeah," Teddy said shakily. "And I work at an ice-cream shop, so. That's my life." Victoire chewed on the inside of her lip. He had left the goblin cause; he had joined the Order of the Phoenix. She half turned towards the door, considering just leaving him on the porch, missing the look of crumpling disappointment that flashed across his face at her impending departure. She turned back sharply, and Teddy straightened. "We can try to be friends," Victoire said, her voice still sharp. "Can we?" "I dunno. Possibly. I don't have the energy to actively loathe you." "Good, because I'm rubbish at being passive aggressive," he said, breaking into a charming smile. Victoire reminded herself that they were not getting back together, that Teddy was still Teddy, and that things had ended for a reason. He reached into his back pocket and pulled something out. "In the spirit of friendship," he said, "but also because this was a little welcome home present." He held something out in his hand. Victoire didn't take it at first. In the light, it was difficult to read what it was, although it appeared to be a piece of cardboard, long and thin. Teddy began to bounce on the balls of his feet. "Er, please just take it so I feel infinitesimally less like an idiot." She reached out and took it, turning it over. It was a concert ticket with a VIP pass to The Bent-Winged Snitches. Her heart dropped into her new shoes. The sea continued to splutter in the silence, spraying the air with mist. Teddy watched her carefully, chewing on his lip, his eyebrows knotted together once again. "I can't accept this, Teddy," she murmured, her eyes still on the Snitch logo. "Well, you must. Because I had a spare ticket and I was going to give it to Darcy Donne who is incidentally my boss, and who also threatened to fire me this week because I keep skipping out of work for Order business, so I would much prefer it to go to you. Considering you actually like The Bent-Winged Snitches. Please take it, no strings attached." "Alright," Victoire said, taking a little step back. "Alright," Teddy said, nodding once as he shuffled towards the garden. They paused again. "I'll see you around then," Victoire said, her voice tight. How she wished it wasn't. "Yeah, I'll see you around." She was ready to forgive and forget. She had always been ready to forgive and forget for him. Still, that wasn't what made her mouth taste sour and her eyes tear up. It wasn't until she saw Teddy Lupin with his faintly blue hair and fluttery smile that she felt as if she had finally come home, and that's what killed her. Because England wasn't her home, Teddy was. Dear Rose, Paris is bloody hot, much hotter than England, even during a heatwave. I am sunburnt, and Malfoys don't do well with sunburns. Regarding my own literature pursuits, I've finished reading King Lear this week. It's one of Shakespeare's more tiresome tragedies, and being an only child, I struggled to relate to the sibling rivalries that drive the plot. Perhaps you would like it? Perhaps your siblings are plotting your downfall! (I doubt that very much, you lot are as thick as thieves, aren't you?). I did like Albany's final lines, " The oldest hath borne most: we that are young/shall never see so much, nor live so long. " I prefer fact to fiction. I've started reading Nicolas Flamel's biography, which has been engrossing. We visited his childhood house yesterday on another tour, and they had a gift-shop there so I bought his biography. Did you know he met his wife while he was at Beauxbatons? He was also such a brilliant alchemist, evident from his school days. I really want to take Alchemy, and it's offered at Hogwarts if there's sufficient demand. I know Turpins requires at least five students to run a class, and I can't imagine there would be five students interested in such an advanced course of potion-making, but I am really, really, interested. I know you're probably rolling your eyes as you read this but, whatever, I like potions and plants. Deal with it. Give up on Great Expectations. Life is too short to read crappy books. I'm not sure what it says about us as a couple when I've dedicated half a letter to you just discussing books. Anyway… Tomorrow we're going to see the Hippogriff races. My parents will probably have a 'bit of a flutter', which in this economic climate, is a bit too big a risk for my comfort. In any case, dad loathes Hippogriffs, but mum loves them, so I'm sure we'll all be fraught with tension. Oh, as for The Bent-Winged Snitches, I'm glad you're not going. They're a rubbish band. Isabella adores them, but she will listen to any music that's mainstream. I thought you were a Ministry of Madness fan? Also, I just realised the word fan derives from the word fanatic, and it's quite insulting to suggest a supporter of a group is fanatical. Anyway, I loathe all music because I'm a snob. Take note. We should meet up when I get home next week. Letters are grand and all, but…well, you're far more interesting than the Eiffel Tower. We'll take Albus out and do something, the three of us. Your biggest fan, Scorpius. A/N: Sort of a refresher chapter. I hope this reminded you of a few of the major plot points from last story. Also, so many next gen characters were jammed into this chapter, it hurt my head. I hope it doesn't overwhelm you. Next chapter will be more Rose-centric so hang in there.