at the door. "Dorcas, I forgot something in there, can you hurry up?" Dorcas hurriedly unfolded the letter, saying, "Alright dad, almost done." She reached out and flushed the toilet while she read. Dear mum and dad, I'll make this short, as I've just been assigned to the Irish coast and don't have long before my departure. I've a contact in the Transportation department who has organized a portkey to take Dorcas to King's Cross. It'll arrive at half-past ten and leave at a quarter-to. There's something else. I can't tell you much because so much is top-secret these days but we've intelligence about extremist activity near Hogwarts. They're gathering. I don't want to alarm you, but once I heard, I couldn't not tell you. All I can say is, we're working on it. Make sure Dorckles doesn't do anything stupid. Love you mum, dad. Take care. I'll be back soon, and I'll see you on my next furlough. Kingsley The door opened suddenly. Mr. Shacklebolt was standing in the doorway holding a quill, looking at Dorcas holding a folded piece of parchment out to hand to him. He took it slowly. She smiled widely. His eyes narrowed with suspicion. "Did you…" he began. "Find what you were looking for?" she asked, wide-eyed innocent. "Well, I found this piece of parchment." "Go get your trunk. It's almost time to go." The portkey was a broken handmirror. It appeared in the center of the kitchen table, glowing blue, just as Dorcas had finally heaved her trunk into the room. She had changed out of her pajamas and was wearing her favorite set of casual robes- crocheted squares of red and yellow yarn, homemade by her father. Dorcas felt very cozy in it. Lemuel had changed into his casual robes as well, a blue and orange paisley pattern with a simple cut and a matching blue and orange paisley cap. Potato the kneazle was sitting on a kitchen chair, watching the glowing handmirror with interest. With one look from Fatimah, Potato leapt off the chair, but kept watch from a distance. Fatimah was now dressed in her silver St. Oswald's work-robes, which denoted her status as ward-supervisor. Her smooth black hair was braided and looped around her head, and laid over her robes was a necklace of bright yarn, leaf-shaped bits of painted metal and re-purposed, azure-blue bobbins, made by one of her patients. She leaned forward and kissed Lemuel on the cheek. "Goodbye dear," she said before kissing Dorcas also. "Good luck at school, get good marks and write often!" "I will, mum," said Dorcas. Fatimah grabbed her handbag, reached into a bronze urn on top of the fireplace, and tossed a handful of powder in, causing green flames to whoosh into life. "Oh!" Fatimah grumbled, turning around. She grabbed a piece of toast off the table and walked up to Potato. "One piece. That's it ." She presented the toast to Potato, who took it in his mouth, and swished his huge, fluffy tail around with satisfaction. Then Fatimah walked back to the fireplace and stepped in, waved to her family before saying, "St. Oswald's Home for Old Witches and Wizards!" And she disappeared into the flames. Dorcas turned to her father, who was studying his watch. "Two minutes to transport. Got your trunk?" "Yes dad." "Got your wand?" "Yes dad." "Thirty seconds to transport," said Lemuel as he laid a finger on the handle. The handmirror had started to glow blue again. "Grab on, Dorcas," Dorcas grabbed the portkey and nothing happened for five seconds. Then suddenly, she felt a swooping sensation around her navel, as though a hook had grabbed her around her middle. The familiar, but unpleasant sensation of traveling through space at an accelerated rate always made Dorcas a little nauseous. Colors whooshed past, air squeezed Dorcas until the colors settled around them again, in the shape of brick walls and trash cans. They'd landed in an alley behind King's Cross. "I have to ask," said Mr. Shacklebolt as Dorcas heaved her trunk onto a trolley. She wheeled it into the station entrance. "Did you read it," said Lemuel as they made their way through the station. "I'm not mad. You're as nosy as your brother. I can only hope that it means that one day you'll be a a great auror just like him. The Shacklebolts have a long legacy of fighting Dark wizards and the Dark Arts." "And mum's family," Dorcas asked, hoping to evade answering his question. "The Shafiqs? Not so much, to be quite honest. But she's not like the rest of her family, she's very proud of you both, as proud as I am, and I couldn't be prouder." Dorcas wheeled her trolley around to face the barrier, and together Dorcas and her father walked through onto the platform, through clouds of steam and crowds of students, to the bright red Hogwarts Express. Dorcas waved hello to students she knew— Fellow Gryffindor Benjy Fenwick, fellow Slug Club member, Ravenclaw Wilfred Chang, and her friend from Hufflepuff, Alfred Thomas… Dorcas turned toward her father. He regarded her very seriously. "You mustn't speak about what you've read in the letter," he said. "It wasn't much. Kingsley's not one to give up information in a letter," said Dorcas. "Yes," said Mr. Shacklebolt. "All the same, you're not to go blabbing. Kingsley told us, your parents , in confidence, so that we could protect you. So don't—" "Do anything stupid. I already know." Dorcas gave her father a little smile. Lemuel gave Dorcas a kiss on the forehead and Dorcas hurried forward to find a compartment. Alfred hurried after her. "I'm in this one! Quick, I'll help you with your trunk. You made it just in time!" Dorcas beamed in return, and looked back at her father just once. He waved cheerily, and Dorcas waved back, before he turned to disappear into the crowd heading toward the barrier. The train whistle blew. It was time.