twenty-five percent, and yet you've been above average since you've been here. When all of the bindings are removed... well, I'm not even sure what could happen." "Why weren't these bindings removed when I first arrived here?" Harry asked. "I do not know," Madam Pomfrey said. "I should have caught onto that the first time you were in here, and definitely during the following cases. I'll have to ponder this." "The reason we're bringing this up, Mr. Potter," McGonagall said, "is because that change in hair-color is a small portion in a large set of abilities. Abilities used by Metamorphmagi, or, in singular, Metamorphmagus. You, Mr. Potter, are apparently a Metamorphmagus. Tell us, Mr. Potter. Have you ever been able to change your appearance before in any way?" "Only once when I was younger," Harry said. "My Aunt cut my hair, and I hated how it turned out. It went back to normal during the night." "That is a Metamorphmagus talent," McGonagall said, "One of many. Your bindings on your magical core appear to have also bound your Metamorph talents, barely letting them show to even a minimal level. It is possible you've done more before and simply don't remember it, or didn't recognize it. But because your talents are limited, you wouldn't control them, and therefore it might have seemed like accidental magic to you. Come see me tomorrow, Mr. Potter. I will give you a short, private lesson in Metamorphmagi and what new talents you can expect, and perhaps additional training over the rest of Christmas Break to hone those talents. We would begin this evening, but I believe you'll be spending the rest of the evening here in the Hospital Wing." "I will?" Harry asked, looking at Madam Pomfrey. "I am going to take a binding off your magical core," Madam Pomfrey said. "It will raise to fifty-percent. A week from today, I will remove another quarter. If I feel more can be removed after that, I will decrease it to five-percent at a time. Simply put, Mr. Potter. Given that you're already above average in magical power, removing one-hundred percent of the bindings may not be beneficial to your health for a couple of years, maybe longer. But yes, I would prefer if you stayed over night, so that I may keep on eye on you during the transition." "Alright," Harry said. "Take the bed next to Miss Granger, Mr. Potter," Madam Pomfrey said, "Change into a hospital gown. I will be with you shortly. I need to explain Miss Granger's current situation to Professor McGonagall." "What has Miss Granger gotten herself into?" McGonagall asked. "Come with me, Minerva," Madam Pomfrey said, "Scoot on, Mr. Potter." Madam Pomfrey led McGonagall to Hermione's bed. Before the curtains closed, Harry heard McGonagall gasp in surprise. Unfortunately, when they closed, he could not hear the discussion inside the curtains. Harry walked over to the bed next to Hermione's and found a hospital gown laying on it. He closed the curtains around the bed, then started removing his clothes. Soon, he put the hospital gown on then relaxed on the bed. Harry had so many questions running through his mind. What exactly was a Metamorphmagus, and what talents did he have aside from changing his hair? Why were the bindings around his magical core never removed? Madam Pomfrey seemed very confused about why she had never detected the bindings. Something seemed fishy about that in Harry's mind. Then there were the thoughts concerning Hermione. She was his girlfriend now. He had a girlfriend! Sure she would look a bit different from now on, and act different too, but Harry did not fear or hate her because of it. He actually thought her whole cat behavior was cute! He loved the purring sounds she made when he played with her tale and ear. He found her beautiful. He hadn't really thought about her beauty and looks until now. Was it because she had let him see her breasts, no matter how small they were at the moment? Was it because she was a cat? Or was he just now seeing her in a new light? Harry wasn't sure. His mind then went to the whole topic of sex. Hermione would be 'in heat' during the last week of every month. Apparently he would have to have sex with her, because he was her 'mate'. Would anyone else be affected by her being in heat? Was he going to have to fight off boys coming on to her during the last week of every month? He would if he had to. He would protect his girlfriend from harm, including physical, magical, and insults. He wouldn't let anyone insult her for being who she was now. Even Ron. Harry sighed at that thought. He couldn't believe Ron had been so careless toward Hermione's well-being. He was supposed to be her friend. Why wasn't he worried for her? He was more interested in playing chess, than knowing how his friend was doing. Friend. Harry wondered if his friendship with Ron would survive Hermione's transformation. Then there was the fact that he and Hermione were now a couple – would Ron get jealous about that? The logical answer was 'yes'. Ron had been jealous about a lot of things in the brief time Harry knew him. The more Harry thought about it, the more he knew that his friendship with Ron might be dwindling down to nothing as each moment passed. I have twenty chapters so far of this story written. I will post a chapter every few days. If you wish to read further, you may find it on Archive of Our Own (Ao3) under the same title, under the author's name FurySerenity. Hope you enjoyed the chapter! For those of you curious about my stories "Rose Lily Potter" and "Vanishing Cabinet of Time", they will be updated within the next month or so. I know I said Spring, I meant sometime in April.