day that she was very, very sad. They did not speak to each other once throughout the journey; Ginny had questions, of course, because although Luna had spent the entire summer and autumn with Bill and Fleur at Shell Cottage, Ginny only saw her a couple of times over November and December as she popped into the condo above the joke shop for dinner; they spent Christmas together as well, at Shell Cottage, as the Burrow was still undergoing repairs, but that wasn't nearly enough, and anyway during those times they could hardly get any privacy. But they were not in the mood for talking. It was only after their arrival, as they were getting out of the carriage, that Luna spoke: "I wonder what dinner is going to be. I'm quite hungry." Ginny tried to smile in response but only managed a lopsided smile and a quiet sob. She recalled her first night at Hogwarts, on her own in front of the Great Hall, trembling under the Sorting Hat, and the warm flood of relief and pure, pure joy on hearing its confident Gryffindor above her head. She then sat between Hermione and Holly Hamilton, a small curly-haired girl from her year - she thought briefly about the big fight they'd had in fourth year and she asked herself if they were going to share a dorm again this year – opposite Fred and George who kept throwing things at her. Next to them was the very dashing Oliver Wood, who smiled. Then Ginny cried again, harder, because she remembered her eleven-year-old self looking up and seeing Dumbledore at the High Table, for the first time. Now she stood in front of the entrance to the Great Hall, hand in hand with Luna, hesitant before their first step. When they stepped into the castle, Ginny felt overwhelmed by nausea. She felt very uncomfortably out of place. Everything looked as it had before; the same staircase, the same paintings on the walls. But it felt different. There was a different smell. It smelled like a hospital. It felt new. They were one of the last people to enter the Great Hall, and, inevitably, they parted before heading to their respective tables. There were very few people, and as Ginny glanced over to the group of nervous first-years standing below the High Table, Professor Flitwick shushing them vigorously – how many were there? Maybe thirty? Not very many – she thought that their arrival wouldn't fill the Great Hall in any way. It had never been this empty before. She glanced up at the ceiling; it was darker than usual and there were very few stars. She sat down between Neville, whom she greeted with a long hug, and Holly Hamilton, who looked just as uneasy as herself. Apart from Holly there were only three people from Ginny's year: Sam Bellamy and Luke Milligan, two pillars of professor Flitwick's tenor section, and Selena de Soto, her and Holly's roommate and Gryffindor's chief heartbreaker. The year above was represented only by Neville, Seamus and Dean. She looked around to assess the state of the other houses. There weren't many more people, although the years below were much more numerous. The only exception was the Slytherin table. It seemed as though half of the students, if not more, were gone. From the year above there was Pansy Parkinson next to Draco Malfoy, who was talking to her under his breath, Daphne Greengrass, who was further down the table next to her sister Astoria, and a boy with his back to her whom Ginny guessed to be Nott. There were only five people from Ginny's year, huddled together in a tight group, and the years below didn't look much better. Ginny wasn't too surprised. Many of the old Slytherin families, even those who hadn't had very strong ties to Voldemort, had fled or perhaps sent their children abroad, to Durmstrang, Beauxbatons or Castelobruxo. Ginny wondered what it was that had kept those of them who'd decided to stay. No surprise with the Greengrasses, whose families, although pureblood, had never been affiliated with Death Eaters. The Parkinsons had been much closer than appropriate to Voldemort's inner circle members, but Ginny imagined the link hadn't been strong enough to be accused of anything, so with some effort and networking they didn't risk much in staying in the country. Malfoy and Nott, though? What were they doing here? What were they even thinking? As far as Ginny knew, Nott p é re had been put on trial and forced to pay war reparations, which for Ginny seemed reason enough to flee and never return. Why would he send his son to Hogwarts? Why would the son in question choose to? And then there was Malfoy, now bowed down so low that his face was almost entirely concealed, muttering something to Pansy's ear. He had also been a frequent guest of the Wizengamot over the summer, and how he avoided Azkaban having attempted murder was beyond Ginny's understanding. As he spoke, Pansy nodded vigorously and rubbed her face every now and again, in a gesture which, if Ginny didn't know better, she would attribute to someone wiping away tears. Ginny thought Malfoy was very thin, and his hair had grown. She fixed his eyes on him, imagining his Dark Mark on his left arm, just under his sleeve. She thought that every morning, when buttoning his shirt or pulling a jumper over his head, he glanced at his forearm, checking if it was still there. She thought of how fabric glided over it, barely touching it, as if it, too, was disgusted by what it was. Was it hurting him? Did it sting him at night? How does it feel, thought Ginny, having this imprinted on your body? Does it itch? Does it burn? Does it remind him every day of the cowardly scoundrel he is? Ginny hoped so. She thought he should have cut his arm off.