love you too." "Luv y'all." "We'll be family forever and always." "Love you everyone—even you, sis." Whack. Wha-whack. "Ow!" They broke apart, Honoura howling with laughter as Lyra grinned cheekily at her scowling older brother. "Well then, I suppose it's time to hit the hay... literally, " sighed Aramis. The chorus of good night 's filled the air as each of them went their separate ways, turning in for the night with their dragons. Lyra waited until the other riders had drawn the silvery curtains across the entrances to their stalls before she drew her own. Nestling into the hay next to a curled up Valkyr, she lay the portal globe in her lap and carefully slipped open the package. An envelope tumbled out, spiraling slowly before resting at her feet. The creamy parchment was crisp at the edges and made of heavy stock, she observed. The red wax seal was roughly the size of a Dragot, and bore the Ilvermorny Gordian knot and the words "Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." Scripted neatly on the front in shining cranberry and royal blue ink was the address: To Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore Deputy Headmaster, Professor of Transfiguration, Head of Gryffindor House Second Degree Acolyte Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry —Lemon drops, my friend. Lyra sighed as she tucked the letter into Valkyr's saddlebag. Of all the names they could have gone with, why Hogwarts? Why the exact reversal of warthog? Well, snorted Valkyr, at least they didn't go with Katmeer. Or Batwom. True, but meerkats and wombats to warthogs...the founders must've been drunk off their rockers. Now we know why President Picquery caused such an uproar twenty years ago when she told MACUSA that the gigglewater was "non-negotiable." She chuckled and reached for the package again, admiring the undetectable extension charm that enabled it to be no larger than the size of her palm. Inside she found two wooden boxes, each large enough to occupy the entirety of her lap. In character they were vastly different: the first a warm, lacquered rosewood with a gold embossed dragon, the wood and sign of the house Drakonia; the second an unpolished ebony with silver engraving of the ancient language flowing across the lid. Ebony; protection, power, secrecy. Activated by blood. This must hold the elder's final lesson. The ebony box she tucked carefully into the saddlebag as she slid the rosewood box towards her knees. Without warning, the bas-relieved dragon rose up, nipping her index finger and drawing drops of blood that were absorbed by the wood. Lyra cursed, then was distracted momentarily as the box grew warm and popped open, revealing a lining of Bordeaux purple velvet. A fine sheet of vellum lay across the contents, golden ink glittering across its width. Dear Lyra, Inside you will find a few artifacts of great use. A Thiago Quintana wand—one of the last of its kind, a gift from the White River Monster, known for power and elegance in performing magic. A Violetta Beauvais wand—use it carefully, and ensure that it does not leave your hands. Remember what people say: a Beauvais wand takes to Dark Magic like a vampire takes to blood. A wand made from the snakewood tree and the horn and gem of the legendary Horned Serpent, loyal to the one who proffers it his blood. Bind your blood to it, for then it shall serve no other. A locket with the crest of House Drakonia and memories of music from us, your loved ones. It will keep you calm in situations of great distress, and call your truest friends to you in times of great danger. A potion to be used when you want to disappear; each drop you take will remove your magic for an hour and prevent others from tracking you. Do not reveal that you possess these items; they can be used to effectuate great personal gain with disastrous effect in the hands of the selfish. I also confide to you the location of a room in Hogwarts: in legends they call it the Room of Requirement, also the Come and Go Room, an unplottable room that will appear when you need something. It is located on the left side of the castle, on the seventh floor, the wall opposite the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy attempting to teach trolls ballet. Walk by the wall three times while thinking of what you need—you must be very specific—and a door will appear that reveals the room. Stay safe, Elder Erhivast With great care not to soil it with her blood, she folded the vellum and placed it within the lid. She squeezed a few drops of her blood onto the snakewood wand. The serpent carved into the handle seemed to slither slightly, amber eyes sparkling. A low hiss emitted from its mouth, which Lyra recognized as, Master I will serve you alone. "Good," she hissed back. Lyra strung the locket around her neck before closing the lid of the box and depositing it into the saddlebag as well. As an overthought, she folded a fresh pair of Ilvermorny robes up, her fingers lingering on the softness of the fabric, the warm cranberry and the royal blue dimmed by the darkness, the golden Gordian knot dull and without its twinkle, and tucked her Horned Serpent brooch into its folds for good luck. This she dropped softly into the saddlebag, watching it slide out of sight into the infinite abyss of the bag. She quickly stripped herself of her bloodied and torn school robes, removing the blades from within and banishing the ruined clothing with a flick of her wrist to the castle's laundry. In their place, she donned the skin-tight tunic and pants of the dragon riders, sliding the blades into their holsters. A spare pair of boots and her gauntlets were donned as well, and she wrapped herself in a cloak as she raised her wards and silencing charms, before finally casting off to sleep.