We'll be gentle. Right, Hermione?" "Of course," Hermione said, grinning. "But you know what else this means?" Rose asked, "We need to take you shopping, Harry. Hopefully the World Cup doesn't last too long. We need to go to Diagon Alley, and get you fitted into female outfits, including school outfits... skirts, and all that." Hermione grinned. "I've been looking for an excuse to go shopping for girls' clothing with you, Harry. This will be fun." Harry rolled his eyes. He wasn't exactly a stranger to shopping for girls' clothing. His mother had made it a tradition to go shopping every summer for girls' outfits for Harry, just in case the urge to turn into his female form popped up. "We'll have to talk to Mum and Daddy about this, you know," Rose said. "Mum and Dad?" Harry asked. "Of course," Rose said, "You can't keep this news from them." Harry groaned. "Right. I'm sure they'll take that well. I've never had to be a girl for any period of time at Hogwarts." "Don't look so disappointed," Rose said, "This could be fun." "Fun?" Harry echoed, "Maybe for you. I never thought I'd have to do the Free Use Experience with blokes. I don't even know where to begin." "We'll help you," Hermione said. "Definitely!" Rose said, then grinned, "Hey! I'll have to talk to Mum about getting you a dildo to practice on too. We could copy mine, like I did for Hermione." Harry groaned, and Rose and Hermione chuckled at his reaction. The trio swam for another hour before they decided it was time to go inside. They dried off, put their swimwear back on and headed back into the Manor toward their bedrooms. Hermione had her own guest room while staying at the Manor, though she hadn't used it for sleeping since before Harry and Rose's birthday, when she had slept in Harry's bed. Harry was the first to return downstairs after getting dressed back into his normal clothing. His father, James, had arrived home from work, and was in the kitchen with Lily. "Dinner will be ready shortly," Lily said. "Okay," Harry said, "Um, I need to show the two of you what Professor Dumbledore wrote me. It's – er – not exactly a good thing." He passed Dumbledore's letter to James, who began to read it. He looked quite shocked, but also rather amused, by the time he finished it. He handed the letter to Lily, but said nothing yet. Harry watched his mother read the letter. She, too, had the same look of shock on her face, though she wasn't as amused as her husband. "Why didn't we know about this until just now?" Lily asked, "I've never heard of this – this stipulation. " "Rose thinks it was a recently made law, done after I gave my consent," Harry said, "She and Hermione think I am the first male-oriented Metamorph to deal with the Free Use Experience. So when they heard I gave my consent, and realized what I am -" "They created a law that requires you to be a female for two days a week," James said, "And follow the guidelines witches have to follow if they volunteer." "This is outrageous," Lily said, "I am going to write to the committee about this – hell, I'll send 'em a howler! - and demand they change it. I can count on both of my hands how many times Harry's changed into a girl ever since he completed his Metamorph training. There's no reason you should have to do this. You should take back your consent, Harry. Tell him, James -" "No," Harry said, resolutely, "I'm going through with it. I gave my consent, and so did Hermione and Rose. We all know the repercussions of not volunteering, and I am not going to put the girls, nor our House through that." "Good man, Harry," James said, proudly. "I'm sorry you have to – ahem – deal with this, of course. But I know you'll face it like a Potter should. Head on, and a brave face." "Are you sure, Harry?" Lily asked. "Yes," Harry said, "Er – Hermione, she – she said she'd help me prepare for it." James snorted lightly, then exclaimed when Lily hit him on the back of his head. "Rose and Hermione also think," Harry said, "that I need to go shopping for girl's clothing." "Well, I suppose you'll need a couple feminine school outfits," Lily agreed with a sigh, "You can't go around dressed in your male outfits when you're required to be a girl twice a week... and one of those days during the week for classes." "I'm sure we'll have time to go to Diagon Alley after the World Cup," James said. "Definitely won't have time before then. We have to meet the Portkey at seven-fifteen tomorrow morning. Luckily, we won't have to walk too far from here. Just through the forest behind the Manor and into the field on the other side. We'll leave at a quarter-past-six." "Early bedtimes tonight then," Lily said. Harry's Metamorph abilities were the only reason he hid his blush. If the girls' behavior was anything to go by, they definitely would not be going to sleep too early that night. Perhaps he could compromise with them, however. Definition of Free Use as seen in this story: Sexual Situations with anyone (as long as they are willing, and consenting age, in this case 14 and above), anywhere (with some limitations), at anytime with little risk of anyone caring enough to actually interrupt or stop the situation. Only a few specific rules apply and must be followed. This story is also featured on Archive Of Our Own (Ao3) under my penname FurySerenity. On that website, the story already has several chapters. I will one-to-two chapters a day here on FFN until I catch up with the story on Ao3. Feel free to read it there if you want to read ahead.