for her to run her course. "-think that your little editor position gives you the right to slander people, then I think you have got the job description in a thoroughly wrong sense!" "I get that you are upset, Rose. But you are overreacting now," Albus said with a sigh. "No, Albus," Scorpius said calmly, as he skimmed through the parchment, which was apparently the Sports page for the next edition of the blasted Herald . "Let her finish." Rose breathed in deeply, as if to abate her anger, threw a glare at Albus, and then started quietly, yet firmly, "Look. I am aware that you didn't write this. Lily told me that it was Macmillan. And you should know better than giving him anything to write. I don't know where you came up with the idea of asking people like him and Skeeter to write for your precious paper." Scorpius didn't, either. But he chose to ignore that little jibe of Rose's, and read on. Rose remained surprisingly quiet through it. "Lily?" Scorpius said at last, raising his eyebrows at Albus, then said to Rose, "What Lily needs to understand is that it is her job to keep it to herself and not show it around to her parade of cousins when she pleases," Then quickly added, "No offense, Albus." "None taken," Albus snorted. "And what you need to understand is that I do not handle the Sports page due to conflict of interest. I am sure you understand such a concept. Or perhaps you don't. Regardless, I don't see what the problem here is." "What the- what the problem is?" Lily said incredulously. " Are you bleeding daft, Malfoy? Did you hear anything I just said?" "Yes, your displeasure is quite loud and clear. But tell me, what makes you think that what's written here is anything but petty gossip? I thought you would be immune to such things by now." Rose fumed quietly. "Why are you really offended by this? Are you actually nursing a feminist cause hidden inside your fuzzy little heart? Is that why you chose the players you did?" "Okay. That's enough, Scorpius. Don't go there." Albus said warningly. "Of course, not," Rose said. "I would never sabotage my team for my own kicks. What kind of a person do you think I am?" "I don't think of it at all. But that's not what we are talking about here," Scorpius continued calmly. "What I am trying to make you understand is, if it isn't true, it shouldn't bother you. I thought you were above everything petty and mortal." Rose chose to ignore that little jibe. "So, are you saying that you won't make MacMillan take it down?" "I didn't-" "Because that means, you don't care about Albus, either," Rose said with a sardonic smile on her face, "What happened to you and your passionate claims of friendship?" At this, an angry red seemed to seep into Scorpius' otherwise pale face, funnily enough matching his skin to Rose's. But before he could verbalize his anger, Albus beat him to it. "That's it! I've had it with you two! Rose, you are being a drama queen. If you had ever tried to pay even a little bit of attention to what they usually write in the herald, you would know that nobody care a whit about what Macmillan writes. He is more of a joke." Scorpius nodded appreciatively and started to something, but Albus cut him off with, "And you! What has gotten into you, mate? You were goading her! I expect at least one of you to behave like the good people I know you are! I am tired of being in the middle of your little playground spat! Why do you hate each other so much?" Rose and Scorpius were looking at a pacing Albus with awe now. None of them said anything for a minute. Then Scorpius decided to break the silence with, "Is that a rhetorical question?" "This really isn't the time, man," Albus said with a resigned expression. "Look, I have to go. Supper must have started by now and Quidditch makes me hungry," and left with a, "Bye, Rosie." But Rose didn't say anything. In fact, she hadn't said anything at all during Al's monologue. That was uncharacteristic of her, according to Scorpius. But at that moment, Rose Weasley's uncharacteristic behavior was the least of his problems. He needed to get to Albus and apologize as soon as he could. An Angry Albus was bad, but an angry and disappointed Albus was worse. It made Scorpius feel like he had felt when he had broken his mother's favourite vase with a quaffle as a child. "Are you bloody mental, Malfoy?" Rose screeched suddenly. Alas, all good things must come to an end. Even a quiet Rose. Scorpius thought. "'Rhetorical question'? Really?What is wrong with you?" "Look, it's an inside joke, alright? I thought it would cheer him up!" "Well it didn't, did it?" Rose spat. Then added, "God! I have never seen him so angry before! I mean, he's Albus!" Well. Apparently Weasley had reached the same conclusion. But she still had some venting left to do, as she apparently continued with, "It's all my fault. I should never have come here. I don't even care about the stinking Herald." "No, it isn't." As if she had forgotten about Scorpius' presence, she looked at him with astonishment, "What isn't?" "It's not your fault, Weasley. At least not entirely. I provoked you, too." Rose looked even more surprised at this. Malfoy was not known for accepting his mistakes. But before she could say anything, the door banged open, and in came the Nott boys followed by Humphrey and the boy Rose liked to call The Buzz Cut. "Well, this isn't the love fest I was expecting it to be," came the gravelly voice of who Rose thought was probably Bartholomew Nott. "Seriously, you two. Do something about your sexual tension."