wizard with silver long hair and beard that had taken his side and calmly stood as man's piercing blue eyes clashed with his blood red ones. "Ah, I believe it does ruin it." The elderly man agreed with him making Vergil grin at the light-hearted tone. "Was this why you told me to stay?" Vergil turned to Snape. "Yes." Straightforward and honest, Vergil found that he liked that. "Mr. Leonidas would you mind showing us what you referred to as darkness orb?" "How about you tell me your name first? It is a bit selfish for you to ask without at the very least introducing yourself." Vergil pointed out thus making the man chuckle again. Snape had to admit he found the kid's temperament to be somewhat amusing. "Of course. My name is Albus Dumbledore." Dumbledore introduced himself. "Vergil Leonidas, though you already know that." Vergil grinned and raised his palm. In merely a second a black orb formed in front of it. "It's a bit destructive so I'm not going to fire it." Vergil explained. "Go ahead." Snape urged him. "Are you sure?" Vergil asked. Snape pointed at the armchair by the side. "Do it." "If you say so." Vergil shot it and it collided with the chair thus shattering it. "Quite intriguing I must say." Dumbledore commented, but Vergil already knew that neither the older man nor Snape for that matter were intrigued by the ability. They were intrigued by the red eyes. Eyes that were supposed to be yellow judging by the ability Vergil just showcased. " Reparo ." Snape said and the chair was back to the state it was in just before the impact. "I sure know how to stumble on people…" Vergil sighed, it was always a bad habit of his, stumbling into people that would in one way or another really affect his life. It seemed to be something that he inherited from his mother… He decided to get to the point that interested him at the moment and as this part of conversation seemed to end he just decided to strike a new one. "So why was that other one here anyways?" Vergil asked referring to Fudge and making the older wizard chuckle. "Do not worry yourself with it Mr. Leonidas." Dumbledore assured him. There was no need for Vergil to know that it was merely a coincidence. People were called to take the ghoul; Cornelius Fudge got the word of it and wanted to be the good Minister… "Severus, I believe I can leave the young Mr. Leonidas in your care, yes?" Well it's not like the child had anywhere else to go. "Yes, Headmaster." "Mr. Leonidas, it was a pleasure to meet you." Dumbledore disappeared into thin air leaving Vergil dumbfounded. "That's magic, right?" Vergil assumed. "Yes." And Snape confirmed his assumptions. "Cool." "You never said what exactly are you?" Snape suddenly asked. The boy looked at him, clearly not buying the supposed lack of mostly correct guess Snape and Dumbledore had. "The last of my kind. That's all I'll tell you." Vergil suddenly had a very grim look on his face, way too serious for his age. "You can already guess what I am, correct?" There was nothing childish or innocent in the way Vergil's eyes became cold as ice, or the way his body tensed. A few mornings later Snape placed an envelope in front of Vergil. The boy now had a bandage covering the right side of his face. He was already 'You-Know-Who incarnate' in Fudge's eyes, a lightning scar was the last thing he needed publicly shown. Vergil glanced at the yellowish envelope, clearly addressed to Severus' house where he currently resided. He turned his gaze to the potions master, sending him a questioning look. " Well, whatever happens… " He thought and opened the letter. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Leonidas, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Vergil folded the letter and closed his eye. "Even though I'm supposedly 'Whoever-that-is incarnate'?" Severus made a small pause and then. "…Yes." The light from the candles above them flickered slightly and they heard a distinct sound of thunder rumbling in the distance. "The hell?" White haired boy was absolutely baffled. And then another thought came to his mind. "My owl?" "Yes, an owl." Snape deadpanned. "Can I just refuse?" Vergil had to ask. He knew he was hoping for one hell of a miracle, he knew it was a wasted breath to even ask… But he just had to. "No." Of course not… "What in the world did I get myself into…?" White haired boy had to ask the question he didn't expect an answer to. And that's it. I believe that by the time Voldemort went to kill James and Lily his eyes were at the very least turning red or that his pupils were starting to become more slit-like. Horcruxes weren't the only kind of Dark Magic that he practiced and experimented with so I believe the change would happen. Some time ago I received quite an eye opening critique (on another story) concerning my overall writing. So I decided to revisit my previously published chapters to try and improve, at the moment I am in the process of doing that, so I will get to writing chapter 7 once I'm done with these chapters. I really want to get better, to make this story more enjoyable to you as readers; as such I would be very thankful if anyone was willing to provide any constructive criticism on what I can improve in my writing. Next Chapter – Diagon Alley