approaches Merden before her eyes spot me, widen and then – to the shock of those that were revived – does she bow low to me and say: "Your Highness, it is a great honor to be in your presence. Merden has told me of what his future self told him and I wish for you to forgive me for not standing by you in battle. I am, after all, the lady that has served your line ever since your grandfather chose his Nienna and I feel great regret that I waited for answer while you suffered losses." And while those that were revived look shocked at the woman's behavior, do I again notice how she, like Merden and the painted knight, has pointed ears, making me turn to Merden and ask: "There is one thing I just don't get. All that you say about me being named Valivial and being royal sounds like the truth, but – well –." The man nods and I say: "If I really am meant to be the prince of this land, shouldn't I be Elven too? Like with the pointed ears and the complexion?" The man smiles at this and says: "You are Elven, your Highness. But, while law allows for the royals to remain in dangerous lands, do we Elves usually hides ourselves when not in Ariador." "How?" I ask, the others looking between me and the man and the woman speaks: "Allow me, your Highness." And she approaches me before gently lying a hand just a few inches above the curve of my elbow, where I suddenly feel something actually sticking to my skin and to my shock does she remove a rosary from my arm. As she moves it, does the greenery become visible and the further it goes down my arm, the more I feel some kind of familiar magic seeping away from me, as if a robe I have been wearing for years is finally pulled from my form and while this happens, do I feel that same familiar magic changing some of my looks. I feel the length of my hair increasing, the strands growing long and thin as they come to reach just under my shoulder blades and feel a strange tingle of uncomfortable pain take place in my eyes, making me squint and pull off my glasses, which in turn takes away the uncomfortable feeling, making me realize that my sight improved. I feel myself growing at least another 2 or 3 inches, feel my ears changing shape and feel my skin tingling as my complexion must be turning as healthily pale as that of Merden and the woman beside him. I feel my waist slimming down and my arms growing muscles underneath my skin, my shoulders becoming slightly more leveled. Shaking my head once all the changes have been made do I look up, the eyes of my friends and those around me wide, yet it's the strange adoring and amazed look that I see Malfoy trying to hide as he looks at me and the way that his face is almost flush with excitement that confuses me and makes me ask: "How do I look?" But while my tone is still my own, do I notice how there is a hint of music that also comes from my throat, shocking me but making me feel strangely pleasant at the same time and Merden makes an Aaaah sound before he says: "So a new Music Elf has been born into the Royal Line. This is most incredible news." "How many kinds of elves are there, Merden?" Hermione then asks and the woman answers: "Elves have been divided over eight different kinds, young Miss. The four Elements each have an Elven kind of their own and next to those are there Guardian, Time, Music and Empathy Elves. I am Adeline and I myself am an Earth Elf." This makes the girl hum in intrigue and while I spare another quick glance at Malfoy, who still seems mesmerized by my new looks do I ask: "Adeline, could you take us to Lotelle while Merden gathers my grandparents and informs them of the transpired events?" The woman bows and says: "It would be my honor, Your Highness." Making me turn back to my friends and say: "Seriously, how do I look, guys?" To which Snuffel laughs and says: "Royal, Harry. Definitely Royal." And while I feel my eyes tearing up at hearing his laughing voice again and while Cedric sends him a wary glance, does the entire group move themselves into the carriage. There, Fred seats himself in the middle of his family with Ron and George next to him, does Draco take a window seat with Cedric next to him to avoid sitting next to anyone hostile, do I happily pull Sirius and Lupin to sit on both of my sides and do the others just randomly pick a spot as the carriage starts to ride off. And that's the end! The first chapter and already the story is completely different. In my original, I just had the Marauders seated together, had Sirius receive the book out of nowhere and had them read the first chapter before Harry arrived. In all honesty, the original didn't even have chapters, it just went from one HP chapter to the next. Which is exactly why I decided to redo this story, because the whole Elven thing, Time Travel and saving the future has always been something I liked and the pairings I had in the original were very catchy. Also, the whole Valivial, Jaurion, Lindilwen, Hari and other Elven stuff all belongs to one person. Leonette. He/she is the original Fan-author who created the stories "Calasier Avamela" and "Calasier Avamela Bellime" two stories that first inspired me to write the original and then this version. There are few adaptations between my version and his/hers, but the concept and credits of the idea go to him/her. Read his/her stuff, Venquine1990