kind and loyal. Finally, there's Gryffindor, named after Godric Gryffindor. They're brave, and chivalrous." Remus nodded, his eyes were trained on James, like he was trying to soak in anything he said, and remember it for later. His brown eyes drifted over to Sirius, who was now lying on the cushions, looking up at the ceiling, most likely day dreaming. "Wait...so why don't you want to be a Slytherin, they didn't sound that bad." That got Sirius's attention. He didn't sit up, but his expression soured. "Most of them turn to the Dark Arts, and my oh-so-lovely mum wants me to be in that house too. Join their ranks." "Join what ranks?" "You don't know?" Sirius replied looking over at Remus who seemed just as confused as ever. (When you're thrown into a world of magic, James suspected it must throw you for a loop, he couldn't lame Remus for asking a lot of questions...though how he didn't know about him was beyond the youngest Potter.) Can you believe it? Sirius asked James silently and James held up a hand telling him to lay off a little. Sirius sat up and crossed his arms. "Your dad didn't tell you about He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?" Nearly every wizard knew about You-Know-Who. He hadn't been around for long, but he had already left a path of death and destruction in his wake. Any witch or wizard worth their salt knew that even mentioning his name could send everybody into a frenzy. Remus shook his head and Sirius nodded grimly. To anybody else, it would be weird to see three eleven year old's acting so serious and grim. Well, being in the wizarding world, at a time like this...it wasn't too uncommon. James suspected there were at least a dozen other cabins quietly whispering about the very same subject to each other. "Probably for the best," Sirius sighed, and he sat forward. James suddenly realized, because of his family, he probably knew more about You-Know-Who than most other people. Even his parents, "anyhow, he's basically the darkest wizard since Grindelwald. Trying to become the most powerful dark wizard of all time and wants to eradicate all muggleborns. Bad. News." Well, James couldn't have explained it any better if he tried. "Oh." Was all Remus could reply with and he bit his lip a little. "Your mom wants you to join him? I couldn't imagine." All Sirius did was shrug, and James wondered to what extent his mom would go to to make sure that Sirius would do it. "Well, I'm not, don't worry." Now they were buzzing through the country, long plains of green fields flying by them as the train picked up speed. The trolley lady passed them asking about candy. "Hello dears, candy from the trolley?" Instantaneously, James jumped up. "Yeah, give me six Chocolate Frogs, three Peppermint Toads, and two Berts Every Flavor Beans." He said feeling like he said it rather faster than he would have preferred. six sickles and a minute later, he came back into the compartment with an arm full of sweets. He could've sworn both Remus and Sirius were drooling. James tossed two of the Chocolate Frogs to Remus and two to Sirius. Remus looked at it like it was the best thing he had ever seen, while before James could blink Sirius had already torn open the wrapper and scarfed one of them down. It looked like Remus almost didn't want to eat it, just admire it. "Hey, Remus, you know you can eat it. I did buy it for you." "Oh...right, of course." He replied, carefully unwrapping it. James also tossed the Peppermint Toads two them as well and lounged back in his seat. "So Remus, you have any idea what house you'll be put into?" Sirius asked, stuffing another frog into his mouth. Remus looked up as he nibbled on his frog. He looked up at Sirius quietly and held his Chocolate Frog in his lap. "I don't know...Maybe Ravenclaw? I've always had a knack for academics..but there's no way I'd be in Gryffindor, I'm not brave." "I don't believe that." James said, raising an eyebrow as he adjusted his glasses. They always tended to fall to the tip of his nose. "Why not?" Remus asked, looking at James like he was a puzzle, trying to figure out his train of thought. You know, James himself seemed to have trouble even figuring out his own train of thought. When James had a feeling about something, they were usually right. A solid 88.7% of the time, at the least. "I have feeling that if the time ever came you'd surprise everybody, if you're a Ravenclaw though, I'm coming to find you to help me with my homework." James said, before opening up his own Chocolate Frog and popped it in his own mouth, wondering if that was how a squirrel feels whenever it shoves acorns into its mouth. Remus got a kick out of that, James was glad he could make Remus smile. Odds were he didn't often. Maybe it wasn't because of his parents but Remus gave off a serious air of isolation. "Alright, James, deal." Remus said and Sirius threw a small piece of his frog at Remus. "Hey, I better be included in this pact you're making." "Of course." Remus assured him, his smile not fading. The rest of the train ride was relatively uneventful, but not in a bad way. Three new friend, just talking, trading stories, laughing at the awful faces they would make when they'd get a bad jelly bean flavor. They'd watch the scenery pass, and things like that. Finally, the sun had set over the horizon and woods had engulfed the train. "We're almost there I'm guessing, you guys should probably get changed." Remus told them, and James nodded. "Alright, be back in a few minutes." James replied, standing up. With one last look out of the window, and one at his two friends, he left the compartment.