him a sum of money, but I know that, as Heir to the Most Noble and Most Ancient House of Black, he will not require this. I do, however, hereby state my hope that he will not shy away from using the Potter funds for the care of my Heir and the healthy, safe life I hope for them both. I hereby leave Alice and Frank Longbottom with a sample of all the flora ever discovered by House Potter as well as unrestricted access to Potter Garden in the Southern Mountains of Scotland and hope they will make this their holiday home in the years to come. I hereby leave all my notebooks of my Hogwarts days to Hogwarts with the request that they be given to any future generation of Marauders and Mischief Makers and request the Goblin Nation to open up a special fund for inventors of amusement and enjoyable inventions. Everything else that belongs to House Potter, do I hereby leave to my wife, Lily Rose Potter née Evans and – if she were not to succeed me in life – to my Heir Harry James Potter, to be held in stasis until such time he is recognized by Magic as old enough to take responsibility of his inheritance, title and family fortune. Am I to pass away before my son reaches his majority, do I hereby name the following people rightful guardians of my son and Heir: Sirius Black Frank and Alice Longbottom Miranda McGonagall Emmeline Vance Due to the laws against Magical Beast and Beings, do I hereby voice my displeasure over not being able to set Remus Lupin as part of this list and do I hope that, whoever is chosen as my Heir's guardian – in light of the previous mentioned being unavailable – will accept visiting terms in regards to my oldest and smartest friend. On request of my wife, Lady Lily Rose Potter née Evans, I hereby wish to ask the Goblin in charge of our Will execution to set down a contract that allows for 3.000 pounds to be transferred from the Potter Vaults to the account of Vernon Dursley in return for him ignoring the existence of myself, my family and my friends, whether we partake action in the Magical or Muggle World. Furthermore, do I hereby voice my displeasure to anyone who thought it right to send my son, Harry James Potter, to the Dursley Household in response to the death of my wife and myself. This is NOT to happen under any circumstances. It is not to be. As a final note do I hereby want to let it be known to all those who hear this that, since my birth, I have been cursed to be semi-immortal in the sense that only two things can kill me; betrayal and natural causes of health. Were the former to be of effect, then I want it known that the traitor is none other than Peter Pettigrew, the man who is to become my Secret Keeper on the 25 th of October in 1981 and who has some of my trust, but only some due to my curse. With that do I wish to express my hope that my curse will only affect me, not my wife or son. Sincerely in life and death, James Charlus Potter Shock. That is the only feeling that goes through me as I finish reading, having halted here and there out of pain over the fact that I didn't even know most of the people put down in this will; both in the letter part and in the guardianship part, yet it is the very final part of the will that makes me feel only one emotion; heartbreaking shock. "They were betrayed." I whisper, having never known this and hating that, while my friend, Hagrid thought he had the right to keep this fact from me, especially because he was the one who actually helped me find out that my aunt – who I wasn't even supposed to live with – had lied to me about the deaths of my family. "You didn't have that right, Hagrid. And neither – did you, Headmaster. You both betrayed them – and you will pay." Goes through my mind, but then suddenly I notice a hand hovering above the will and I turn to Mr. Wellbower, who looks at me with a determined look and he says: "We need to take this, Harry." This makes me glare at him and I hiss: "Why?" And the man instantly takes my mind away from it all; the fact that I only know a quarter to half of the names in the will, the fact that my parents' friends abandoned me after their deaths, the fact that people kept secrets from me as he says: "Your godfather deserves his innocence." Hey everyone, So this story is actually one I feel very happy about, but I do think this will be a short one. It will involve Sirius being freed, him and Harry growing a bond, those that just gave up on Harry with the belief that Dumbledore knew best getting their ass handed to them and Harry falling in love with a new OC, but nothing more. Will that make sure that the story will get through the rest of the year? Probably. Is there a chance that the story will make it through next year? I personally don't think so, I think it will end sometime next year May/June. Am I going to make sure you all had a good reason voting for this preview above the others? Count on it, Venquine1990 PS. I know that, by the wiki site, James' parents are named Fleamont and - something - but I prefer Dorea and Charlus, so I hereby invoke the rights of an artistic licence. You got a problem with that? Up on the top left of your screen is the Back Button, go ahead and press it.