set his cup down, leaning forward slightly. "I'm glad you liked it. So, what house are you hoping to get into?" Hermione sat up properly and shrugged. "I'm not sure. I think I'd be happy in any house to be honest. I may get put into Ravenclaw; I'm pretty smart. What about you?" "Slytherin," Draco answered immediately. "Nearly my whole family has been in Slytherin." Draco watched Hermione very careful for her reaction. He knew a lot of people were bias against Slytherins but Hermione showed no signs of this. She actually leaned in closer to him. "Wow! So it's kind of like a family tradition?" she asked. Hermione, unlike a lot of people who would in her year at school, didn't think it was fair that Slytherins had such a bad reputation. Having read Hogwarts: A History and many other books on wizarding history she knew why a lot of people automatically disliked all Slytherins but she didn't think that was right. Hermione had a very open mind when it came to things like that. Draco was pleasantly surprised at this and found it very easy to talk to Hermione. They continued to talk about their future life at Hogwarts as first years until they left the teashop. "Thank you for the butterbeer," Hermione smiled up at Draco. Draco swallowed heavily before replying, "You're welcome." He looked down and coughed to try and hide the faint blush he could feel rising up in his cheeks. Even though Draco had been brought up to hide his emotions from other people somehow he just felt incredibly comfortable around this girl he had only just met less than an hour ago. He didn't mind laughing and smiling around her, two things he was not really allowed to do at home much, and he felt a sense of achievement when he made her laugh. The two of them began to head back towards Gringotts, Hermione saying she should probably get back before her parents started to worry. As they did they walked past Magical Menagerie, the pet store, and Hermione couldn't stop herself from squealing at a cute little ginger kitten in the window. "Oh I wish I could get him," she sighed. "What, you're not bringing an animal with you?" Draco asked. "You know we're allowed an owl, cat or toad right?" "Yeah I know but my parents wouldn't let me," she explained. "They said if I still wanted one in a few years then they would think about it. But something tells me that little guy will be gone by then." Draco looked at the cat and decided something then and there. His father knew the owner of Magical Menagerie very well and he owed his father a favour or two. Draco vowed to himself there and then that he would make sure that kitten wouldn't be sold until Hermione was allowed to buy it. Suddenly Draco spotted a very familiar and very angry face emerging from a store across the street from them. Acting on reflex Draco grabbed Hermione's hand and pulled her after him into a very narrow lane next to Magical Menagerie to hide. "What's wrong?" Hermione asked. Draco put a finger to Hermione's lips to shush her. "It's my father," he whispered. "He's looking for me and I'm not sure I want to be found quite yet." It wasn't until he looked down at her that Draco realised how close he and Hermione now were. This alleyway was so narrow that the two of them were literally pressed right up against each other. Hermione seemed to realise this at the same time as Draco did and her face turned bright red but she couldn't bring herself to look away from him. His grey eyes met with her brown ones and neither seemed to be able to look away from the other. Without realising what he was doing Draco reached up and brushed a strand of hair behind Hermione's ear. Hermione gasped slightly when his cool hand touched her burning red face but she didn't move away or stop him. Somehow his touch just felt right, almost like taking hold of her wand had done earlier. A loud crash from outside of the alleyway stole their attention away. Draco sighed slightly before peaking his head out. His father had gone, the crash coming from a flower vendor whose cart had fallen over. Hermione peered out next to him and gasped. "That's my parents over there!" she exclaimed before biting her lip. "They look really worried…" Draco didn't turn to look at Hermione's parents. Instead he was still looking at the vendor who was still picking up his flowers. He spotted a small bouquet of yellow flowers and picked it up, dropping some coins into a pot on the cart. He turned back to Hermione and offered her the bouquet. "Here, for you," he smiled gently. "They're acacia flowers." Hermione smiled shyly – which Draco couldn't help think was kind of beautiful – as she took the flowers from him. "Thank you Draco," she murmured. "They're lovely." "Go on, you'd better get back to your parents," he said. "I'll see you at school." Hermione nodded before looking down slightly, as if she was trying to decide if she should do something. She seemed to make up her mind and before Draco could ask what was going on Hermione gave him a very quick but very real kiss on the cheek. "Thank you for today Draco, I really enjoyed it," she smiled. "I'll see you at school!" Before Draco could respond Hermione quickly ran towards her parents. Draco slowly raised his hand to his cheek where Hermione had kissed him and he let a smile spread across his face. As he slipped back into the shadows of the alleyway before anyone else saw him he couldn't help but think that he was really going to enjoy his time at Hogwarts. AN: I really hope you all enjoyed this! Please review!