want and get lucky. Plus since its older than Hogwarts itself its been grandfathered in with several laws and the Ministry will never be able to take it from you regardless of what asinine werewolf restriction laws they come up with. Finally I leave you a burden to look after Harry for me and teach him the noble art of pranking if I haven't gotten around to it yet. If I'm dead he may need a few laughs so I'm looking to you to be there for him Moony." By this point Lupin had raised a hand to wipe away the tears his friend's words had caused to him. Dumbledore gently patted Lupin on the shoulder in understanding. At the other end of the table Mr. Hatterman waited a moment before continuing. "To Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger I leave each of you two hundred and fifty galleons. Its not a lot but the Blacks aren't the richest of families these days. Still I wanted to leave you both something for being Harry's friends. You've done a lot for him and that deserves reward regardless of how little I have to give. To Albus Dumbledore I leave nothing. You already have everything it seems so I will simply give you the answer to an old problem you never figured out. The singing pudding New Years Eve my seventh year was me. I had flooed back from the Potters just for that prank before dashing out before I could be discovered." Dumbledore seemed to smirk as if a long forgotten riddle was finally solved while everyone's gaze shifted back to Mr. Hatterman resumed reading. Harry knew it was his turn since everyone else seated had been addressed already. "To my godson Harry Potter I leave everything else I have. Harry hopefully we've had years together and I've just been a lazy bum in not updating this but in case that isn't the case I just want you to know how proud I am of you. You are everything James was at his best and Lily too. You have his looks, and her eyes, but you also have their hearts, their courage, bravery, honesty, and loyalty and I for one could not be prouder. That's why I'm naming you my heir as Warlock of Black. I doubt I've told you about this but the Blacks have always had a seat on the Wizengamot its yours. Of course there's probably a few people confused by how its yours sitting around this table. As your godfather I'm declaring you emancipated and an adult. The Black family is the oldest line of wizards and witches in all of England. We are not the richest of bloodlines, and as much as I may hate my parents I too am a Black. I can't run from that now at the end. Particularly since if I don't name an heir it'd go a certain poncy Malfoy due to the damnable male line rules. Which both Andy and Cissy should agree with me about it being funny given the Blacks started out as an all female coven in its earliest days." "So I leave you the legacy. Do me proud and make it more than just about more than just a bunch of inbred idiots following whatever dark lord is currently around and bring pride back to our family. Whether you know it or not Black blood runs through your veins thanks to your grandmother Dorea Potter nee Black. Which is good because otherwise my wishes be damned I couldn't name you Warlock. So Harry do me proud. I'm leaving you everything and I'll be waiting for you on the other side, don't be too quick to join me." At this Mr. Hatterman looked up from the will and set down the will and pulled out his wand and tapped the will with the wand's tip. Immediately a number of items appeared on the table. In front of Lupin a scroll sealed with wax appeared while a Gringotts vault key appeared in front of Ron, Hermione, Mrs. Tonks, and her daughter while in front of Harry a vault key as well as a stone box appeared. "We will now witness Mr. Potter don the ring and become Warlock Black after which everyone is free to leave." Everyone's eyes were on him and Mrs. Malfoy and Draco were both glaring daggers at him while Lupin and Professor Dumbledore both gave him smiles of encouragement. Lupin leaned in and whispered. "Go ahead and open it. There'll be a ring inside, just put it on and let the magic accept you. Sirius would have done his homework making sure you could wear it first so there should be no danger, he wouldn't want to harm you by accident in any of his gifts after all. Harry gave a nod of agreement as while Sirius might be the type to do something as a prank he wouldn't want Harry to come to harm. Opening the black box he looked inside at where an ancient ornate silver ring with a black onyx gem inlaid in it sat. He picked it up gingerly with his left hand and could swear that he felt the ring humming with magic. Turning it so he could slide his finger into it he slid it onto the ring finger of his right hand while everyone watched. He waited a moment wondering just what would happen before he felt a surge of magic race through his body. His breath caught from the power of it but then it was over. He glanced at the others and opened his mouth to speak when suddenly without warning his body was wrought with overwhelming pain as it felt like every vein in his body was filled with molten lead with the Cruciatus curse for good measure. All he could do was scream from the overwhelming all encompassing pain for a few agonizing seconds that each felt like an hour before blackness took him.