angry, even I don't want that." And I whisper back: "Just like Edena." And we silently snicker as Jeremy reads on. POA - Chapter 9 - POA "And that coming from the brothers of Charlie himself says a whole lot." Oliver then says and the twins smile at me, while I keep my face hidden, feeling stupid, but wanting to forget that the hall is filled with Students now that I am in my grandfather's arms; arms of a family member that doesn't hate or despise me. The twins seem to understand this as they just send me a short smile and then Fred says: "I know we've idolized Charlie for a long time." And George goes on: "But if you can catch a snitch in your mouth, you definitely break his record." And those that had been at that match cheer in agreement with them before Jeremy reads on. POA - Chapter 9 - POA This, amazingly enough, makes the man's arms tighten around me and I can barely believe that the man can get scared over something we are only reading about, something that can now be stopped – and probably will be, seeing that grandpa will order the Dementors off of Hogwarts for when the match starts. Whispering this to the man, I feel him relaxing his grip a little and wonder how he could be this worried about me. Then I suddenly wonder how much he had been worrying for me during my other adventures and decide to use these books as a way to find out, not knowing that my grandfather is looking down at me. Dumbledore's POV To have to admit that Harry is my grandson was the hardest and yet the best thing I ever did and I couldn't be more grateful of future Harry to assure a way to convince me of telling his present form. Now I feel relaxed as Harry comforted me after hearing how, in the book, he looked so close to death after that fall. Hating the Dementors more than I did after they attacked Harry on the train, I also fear how Harry had been raised as a small trace of confusion had been visible on his face when I tightened my grip on him. The feeling of him in my lap feeling like the one thing I always wanted when he – and James respectively – were still infants. This also worries me as Harry easily fits on my lap and under my chin and while I know that I am quite tall for my 113 years of age, should Harry have outgrown this height when he was 8, not 13 nearing 14 years of age. Worrying for his health and welfare, I look at him as he seems to decide something important to him. Harry's POV I know the students will probably expect of me to get off my grandpa's lap soon, but also know that, had they been in my shoes while this had been read that they would at the least go to sit close to their family and taking advantage of how poorly the Dursleys treated me, I make full use of whatever love grandpa has to offer as Jeremy reads. POA - Chapter 9 - POA My eyes widen and I look at Professor McGonagall as the Ancient Runes teacher says: "I'll cast some wards on the brooms to make sure they don't fly too far away from the field. I'd say about two to three feet away should still make for an acceptable game." Her co-workers nod and I whisper: "Sorry, Professor McGonagall." The woman looks at me and she says: "Mr. Potter, you won't like this, but Albus had given me permission to use your family vaults to buy you that Nimbus, so you have nothing to apologize for. And that acceptance of yours, Albus, now finally makes sense." She sends at my grandfather and I laugh softly as Jeremy reads on. POA - Chapter 9 - POA "Ouch." The twins say in chorus and Seamus, an Irish boy in my year, says: "If this is only the first chapter, I don't want to think about the rest of the story." And I agree with him, especially about next chapter. Then Irma worsens my fears and says: "You really shouldn't believe the end of the next chapter, no matter who says what." We all look at her and she says: "It's what is written on the note. I was supposed to mention this at the end of the first chapter. That and that emotional wise this is one of the three worst books of the series and danger wise –." She hisses and says: "The easiest." Everyone looks shocked and Seamus says: "Now I really don't want to know." Okay, so not everything makes as much sense and I'm sure some of you will be wondering what the students are all about and whatnot, but I haven't quite grasped the method used by MySecretthoughts yet and I already have quite a few chapters of this story written, so I'm afraid that you will just have to take your POA books and check the aforementioned chapter if there's a reaction bothering or confusing you. I personally feel that most of the text is self-explanatory, though. Anyway, next chapter will still be like this and will be posted, but so will the second chapter for all the other stories that are on the poll as well. I wanted to give you guys a bit more insight on what the stories will be about. I also, and I'm kind of sorry for this, kind of not - raised the # of votes I want in total before I will make my decision. It used to be 50 - like with my last poll - but with the added chapters, will I raise it up to 100. I know I have plenty of readers to get that done. Good luck, all of you.