told you be gentle, and don't think that just because fucking me means you have the right to strut around the castle". "I take it that rights reserved for you and you only". "Quite". Ron began to thrust with his body rather than pelvis, his whole body rocking against the smaller boys with a shuddering force. He was very aroused by the entire encounter for many reasons. Firstly, he was enjoying it, very much, the tight enclosed sensation was fulfilling. Then there was the wonder, the danger and dare to it. He wasn't as inclined to try the other side to it, however the next time Hermione's fingers propositioned his puckered hole he wouldn't shy away so quickly. Finally there was Draco. The boy was so pale he seemed to be carved from ice. His flawless hair was both annoying and rather dashing. He once had the thought, after gazing in a dream like state that Harry could pass as a girl in the right attire. Draco would have a slightly harder time of it but it was no way impossible. As he held his body from the ground with one arm and took Draco's cock in his other hand, he felt it. The strange feeling that it was, in a word, lovely. He didn't think he would want to do this again but the fact he was enjoying it made the experience worthwhile. As he massaged the head he noticed how slippery it was, how silk covered it felt. He couldn't fail to notice that he was keeping his gaze fixated on Draco with what he thought was just for the effect of intensity Draco's eyes were locked to Ron's too, "You're really rather handsome in a rugged way". Ron took that remark with a dash of surprise," you're not so bad yourself…in a girly sort of way", he added just for the points they were tallying against each other. Draco closed his eyes and smiled into the sensation that was building. "Oh…" he breathed. Opening his eyes again he recovered, "seriously forget I'm Draco Malfoy for a moment, all sarcasm and attitude aside. You've developed into a fine young man". Back to the tally of insults he added, "and if you think that's strange I should mention I can't believe your copper pubes are actually a turn on". "Well that was hard to keep down without vomiting but…thank you? Your very…err…pretty yourself" "And secondly my pubes are not on the pisstake list, ok". "You trim I notice, nice touch". "Mind your own damn business", he snarled leaning down to punish the Slytherin with a bruising kiss. ... Seamus lay sprawled out on the ground as Dean rolled off from on top of him. They both lay wide eyed and sweating. As naked as the day they were born they broke the silence. "That…was something they don't teach you in charms", Seamus said as he began to slide from a laugh to an all-out giggle fit. Dean soon followed, wiping the tears from his eyes he slapped Seamus lightly on the head. "Well it didn't help with you spanking my arse like I just ran the fucking Sunday derby". "Well at least I didn't start chanting West Ham songs when I was coming". "I'm forever blowing bubbles, is a classic", he pointed out smugly. He rolled over again and shocked Seamus into another steamy kiss as he massaged his cock into arousal again. "I take it this is round three then?" ... "Oh fuck, I'm gonna' come". "About time! Seriously how does Hermione even walk?" There was no time to react as Ron came, once again, very hard that night. Draco moaned out as the sensation hit him and he winced as Ron pulled out with little consideration for him. Ron collapsed to the floor panting with the sound of a heavily wounded beast of vast proportions. Neither of them could speak and simply lay together, sweat glistening across there body's. "You have got to be shitting me!" Again the words didn't come from either of them and they strained their necks to look up at the door. Hermione, cross armed had entered with Harry in toe. "You great pair of prised pricks! I told you I wanted this, wanted to watch. And when you do I'm not even here, I'm off narrowly avoiding a bumming". "Aye?" Ron sat up, eyebrow raised. "Never you mind", she warned but the sudden realisation of what she had said hit her and she couldn't help but laugh. Draco pulled his clothes on quickly, as did Ron. "Harry I…" "Save it Draco, you're in no trouble from me", Harry smiled and held a hand out which Draco took. He pulled him close clinging to his arm and rested his head on his shoulder while Draco repeatedly ran his hands up his back. "Hermione's very good at what she does". "I know she is", said Ron with a wink, "Did she do that thing with her tongue where she…" "Not that!" She hissed, Ron had made his way to her, wrapping his arms around her from behind while she lovingly held onto his arms tightly enveloping her. "He meant we had a good talk". "What thing with her tongue", Draco raised a brow but he and Ron both received an elbow to the ribs. Harry smiled at Hermione and laughed, "I'm surprised how easily you took to this tonight you know". She rested her head against Ron's shoulder, "oh it's not all so new to me I guess. I mean, only last year I got ambushed by the Weasley boys". She laughed as Ron nuzzled into her neck. " What ?" came Harry and Draco. "Yeah, Ron, Fred and George decided to take me for a spin", she laughed. "Aren't we a secretive one?" Draco said in shock as he glanced at an equally bemused Harry. "If only you knew the half of it mate", Ron laughed as Hermione hit him on the shoulder.