this massive piece of meat she now tried to consume. Her tongue merely laid there, useless against the huge girth of this monster cock. The real world came back to her, eyes bulging with effort and mouth gaping to its limits, as she looked up and saw the clown. No! Harry! Harry! Hermione pleaded to herself, willed herself to return to the dreamscape and see not this vision of horror but the man she truly loved. As if a veil of deceit slowly descend over her eyes, so the clown face suddenly dissolved, replaced by the face of her kind and noble hero. He was here. He had saved her. That horrid thing was gone. Hermione tried to pull herself back off of Harry's cock. To thank him, to please him after he had saved her from that vile, wretched thing. But the real world swiftly came back into focus, and the clown grasped Hermione by the back of the head and pulled her down hard upon his cock. The clown-Harry moaned in sheer ecstasy, hips thrusting hard and driving his cock straight down Hermione's throat. The sweet virgin choked and gagged, eyes bulging with fear as she felt her throat being violated. She couldn't breathe… she couldn't breathe…! "Yeaaaassss!" The clown unleashed its infernal roar of satisfaction, feeling the sensation of true, unbridled, power. Tears began to stream anew down Hermione's cheeks, her hands having no choice but to try and liberate herself from this skull-fucking. She pushed, pleaded, tried to escape to her dreams, but Harry would never rape her this way and no matter what she tried she could not see the man she loved. Harry let Hermione go just at the point of regurgitation. Hermione coughed and spluttered, hacking gobs of venom from her mouth as its vile taste coated her tongue. Had he had enough. Would he let her go? Spit and cum stained her once beautiful sheets as the clown gathered up handfuls of her silken locks and began to pull her mouth back down towards his length. "No…! No!" Hermione pleaded trying to recoil from the advancing snake. Not again. She couldn't take it again. But resistance only fanned the flames of evil within the clown. His meat returned to choke her once more. "Oh yeah…!" Harry groaned in pleasure as he forced Hermione to take his length down to the back of her throat. If her hand had felt amazing, then her mouth was beyond the feeling of bliss. Harry had been the receipt of many a good blowjob in the past. Ginny being one of the best. Her years of bouncing from boy to boy to boy in the back of Hogwarts broom cupboards, or the privacy of the dorms, had given her an ability to suck the very essence from his soul he believed. But Hermione… Hermione's mouth was beyond bliss. It was a feeling of pleasure not only of the body, but Hermione's mouth truly was sucking his very soul clean from his corrupt, wicked, body. He couldn't do this… He couldn't let Hermione lose herself to this putrid thing he had become. No. If he continued to let her try and draw him to her, then she would no long see the demon that raped her. No. She would see the man that loved her. She was so desprate, so desprate for him to save her that her soul was calling to him. He was her soulmate, and tears of regret flooded down his cheeks, concealed by this terrible mask and hiding from her as he slowly relented in his violation and gave in to what she wanted. Hermione was thankful… Thankful that this thing had slowed down. Her neck felt like it was about to snap with how badly this clown monster had been skull fucking her. But for some reason, the evil within this thing began to dwindle, or was she back in the dreamscape? Had she retreated back inside the walls of her own mind where she was no longer in a place of impending violation, but back with her wish to be with Harry? She saw him once more… Not the clown, but Harry and her heart, once so beaten it was about to break within her, suddenly began to flare. She was back… she was back in her dreams and that monster was gone for now. Thank you Harry… Thank you! "Suck me, Hermione…" Harry breathed, gentle and in need of release. He was horny. She could hear that, feeling it in her soul. Hermione still had the head of his penis in her mouth, and she looked up at him with those deep, intensely beautiful, eyes, eyes so big they could consume the world. Hermione liked the feel of him in her mouth, even if he stretched her jaw to near breaking point as her eyes swam with affection and thanks, and began to suckle lovingly on the tip of his dick. Authors Note – Well that's chapter one. I'm sorry to leave this story on such a cliffhanger, but I felt this chapter was getting way too big to be comprised of just one long scene. Again, I have to stress, this is still a non-consensual, rape and violation story of Hermione Granger. We have not seen the last of that clown. However, if you would like to see more of this story, head on over to my blog at (With spaces and dots united) Harry Potter Erotic FanFiction . blogspot . com where I will be updating a whole week before I do here on FanFiction, and see the rest of the horrors Hermione is about to endure before anyone else does. Thank you, and remember, Rape is not a pleasure, it is a crime. Do not commit it unless in a controlled environment with a consenting and willing partner. I hope you enjoyed this story for what it is and please don't forget to comment or review. Thank you.