lift the Muggleborn's lifeless body and took the steps towards the veil. It was a swift movement, easing the body into the veil as it throbbed with power and hunger, and as quickly as the body was there it was gone. It only took seconds before the veil returned to it's normal state and the Selwyn twin's took vigil to see if anything was to happen. It remained passive, the body never returning so the twins took their findings to Voldemort who then gave them the recently deceased Avery. Success or death, the usual choice Voldemort gave his followers. Ruling by fear and outrageous ideals. Perhaps the Purebloods believed that once Voldemort won the war he would change or that this tyranny was worth ridding the world of those they believed beneath them. Although only one thing was certain, none of them wanted to die. "Let's begin, once we've done the foundations for the ritual we can place the body inside the veil." Leonidas said to Cleophus who nodded in return as he knelt on the floor and in white chalk began to draw the ritual circle. As the ritual circle was completed they began to place various objects around it to draw power from and to aid them in their task. An ancient Spell Shield, from the house of Selwyn, to protect the soul on their way back to the living. A wand from the house of Black said to be stained with the lifeforce of many to fuel the ritual. A magical key from the house of Malfoy rumoured to be able to unlock any lock. Various other items were dotted about but the most crucial was the blood, the very item that would lock the spell in place and guide them to glory. "Let's hope you live up to your namesake." Leonidas said as they both lifted the heavy set male body towards the Veil. "Visions of Glory doesn't mean success." Cleophus said as they carefully moved their way through the ritual being careful not to knock anything out of place. If they did and did not notice the effects could have been catastrophic. "It suggests delusion more than anything." Leonidas offered a small laugh as they readied themselves to enter the body into the veil. "Let's hope we're delusional enough to be successful. I love you Cleo." "And I you Leo, don't worry baby brother I'll protect you." And with that they let the body fall into the Veil and proceeded to begin. Latin words were spoken in tangent as they lit candles with rehearsed movements. Every word was carefully pronounced as they spoke of death and life, made promises and offerings as they invoked ancient magic. Power swelled around them and moved as they moved, almost seeming to breath as they breathed. "Surgens autem de terra." From dust they rose. "Morte ad vitam." Death to life. The rest was lost upon any who may have been listening, spoken in a language long forgotten to the magical world. A rough translate came as 'We invoke the powers of the lost and gone. We return what has been lost and breathe life into what has gone. A shield to protect you, a wand to fuel your magic and a key to unlock the door.' "Blood to find you, candles to guide you and a knife to pierce the veil." Then the Veil exploded. When the dust began to settle the portal was gone but two men were protected by a powerful shield and a body lay on the cold hard ground with the Selwyn family shield partially disintegrated above them. Despite being protected the brothers were still thrown to the ground. "That wasn't part of the plan." Cleophus said as he tried to move the dust away from his vicinity and rise from the cold hard ground. As he made sure his brother was up and okay he lead the way and focused on guiding his brother towards the body. "I think we revived them just to kill them again." Leonidas said with a tense laugh as they drew close enough, he reached down to check for life signs. "There's a pulse and they are breathing but there's a slight issue." Cleophus didn't even turn to look as he stared at where the Veil once stood. "He's bleeding out?" " She's perfectly fine, I'll have to do some diagnostic tests but as far as I can tell she's probably never been in better health." Leonidas said just before he began to mutter spells to check upon the girl. It was then that Cleophus turned around, rather alarmed. "It's the Muggleborn, isn't it? I swear to Merlin, unless she's secretly pureblood we're dead. We destroyed our only way of getting through to the realm of the dead. He's going to kill us. I'm too pretty to die." "Die young and leave a pretty corpse." Leonidas muttered as he made a small incision in the Muggleborn's wrist, moments later he spoke again. "She's not pureblood." "You can't tell by looking at the blood." Cleophus responded sharply, almost looking offended by the implication. "No, but you can by blood magic spells, and I my dear brother was told to study them before we got moved onto this task." Leonidas said as he carefully lifted the girl up into his arms. "She has two Squib Maternal grandparents." "So? The Dark Lord doesn't care if Muggleborns have squibs in their background. We're fucked Leo, fucked." Leonidas offered a small smile. "It would also seem Avery has some explaining to do." "That git. Are you serious? He acted like me marrying a half-blood was social suicide." "Who married a half-blood?" A tired and broken voice asked. Leonidas swallowed audibly before offering a gentle smile. "Welcome back to the world of the living little Avery. Hermione, we brought you back from the dead." With that Hermione proceeded to faint. I hope you enjoyed, feel free to leave a review. Thanks again, Visions Of Glory