the afternoon?" "That'll be fine," Mrs. Granger answered. "We'll expect you then." 01 July 1995 - Goathland, North Yorkshire - Goathland Cell (3) On the outside, Goathland Cell looked much like the Granger home. The interior was quite different. A traditional Wizarding home, Goathland Cell had been the home of the Abbott family since before the fall of Camelot. Though neat, the floors were still made up of original flagstone, the walls were unpanelled, and the entire home had an austerity to it that was the opposite of the Granger home. Auror Steven Whitby found the sitting room he to which he had been escorted highly intimidating. It didn't help that a Magister of Magical Britain's ruling body was lurking in the corner, watching him with barely restrained disapproval. Nor that Lordan and Lordana Abbott were flanking his interview subject and looking entirely affronted. In the last century, the DMLE had managed to shed most of the classism common to the rest of Magical Britain, becoming the most egalitarian department in the Ministry for Magic. At times like this, Auror Whitby wished they hadn't been as successful as they were; his subjects were clearly offended by his social rank, and were being genteelly obstructionist as a result. Shacklebolt had probably forgotten that social classes even existed when picking the task force and distributing assignments. "We understand," Lordan Abbott said sharply. Whitby had just finished delivering the standard rights lecture. Whitby nodded and made a note, then retrieved his recording device and asked for permission. The Lordan glanced over at Lord Abbott, who nodded once. Whitby was given permission to record the interview. "Miss Abbott, please tell me about the last time you saw Miss Susan Bones," Whitby asked. Long experience prevented him from sighing at the narrow-eyed glare Miss and Lordana Abbott leveled at him. He'd obviously violated some principle of etiquette and offended his interviewees. " Lady Bones and I were attending a memorial gathering in honor of Cedric Diggory, held in the prefects' carriage aboard the Hogwarts Express," Hannah answered in clipped tones. "As the memorial went on, Lady Bones became more distressed. She excused herself to cry in private." "Who else attended this memorial?" he followed up. Hannah began listing names, almost too fast for Whitby to keep up his note-taking. He'd thought the order was random, or perhaps temporal, until Lordana Abbott clucked her tongue. "Washburne before Blakely, Hannah," the Lordana corrected. Whitby couldn't quite keep his expression neutral. There's an organization to this? he wondered. Miss Abbott flushed gently at the correction. He made a note in the margin to ask someone in the department for clarification. The questions continued, asking after Susan's emotional state (grieving quietly), her behavior over the last week (relaxed but pensive), and her relationships with Daphne Greengrass (distant cordiality), Neville Longbottom (politely cool), and Harry Potter. "Potter is an ill-mannered, arrogant lout," Hannah sneered. "He's been snubbing everyone since before school started, the oh-so-great Boy-Who-Lived, too important to even decline an invitation or assent to an introduction." "Is there anything else that you think may be relevant to the investigation?" Whitby concluded. Hannah glowered at the floor. "As much of a jerk as Potter is, he's the ablest in our year with a wand. He's tops in Charms and Defence practicals, and just behind Granger in Transfiguration practical. If he bothered to work more, he'd be the best student in our year. He's definitely the strongest in our year, and Lady Bones is almost as powerful as he is, if not as skilled. If Potter was taken against his will, it was a very subtle trap." It turned out that no one had seen Neville Longbottom or Daphne Greengrass since the Express had boarded. Tracey Davis' interview revealed that Miss Greengrass had been fretting about something since the day after the Third Task, but no details were available. Neville Longbottom's closest friend proved to be the missing Harry Potter, but that friendship was superficial at best. Panic and furor mounted as time passed, but despite the feverish efforts of the task force, no new leads were uncovered. With four Great Houses involved, resources were available for almost any effort that might produce results, but none did. The greatest ward specialists in the world examined the Hogwarts Express, but couldn't unravel more than a quarter of the protections and enchantments on the train and track. Many suggested it was less than that, and that there was more magic involved than they could detect. Dumbledore's investigations were even less fruitful. He barely held onto his post as Headmaster after being quoted in the Daily Prophet as saying 'Hogwarts has many mysteries, we cannot hope to comprehend them all.' Through it all, Hermione Granger worried for her best friend. Author's Note: This is set in the same universe as my story 'The Minister's Chair' (which can be considered a prequel to this story). Most of the 'manners' I'm using for the upper class are derived from my reading of Jane Austen and Brontë, with smatterings of Julia Quinn. I swear I spend more time making notes about address and precedence than I do actually writing. I need to credit 'broomstick flyer' for "Richard and Helen" Granger. Common fanon is to use Dan and Emma, which is perfectly serviceable, but I like Richard and Helen. They're much stronger, richer names. 1: 'Lordan' is an honorific I made up to denote the male heir apparent of a Wizarding noble house ('Ladan' is the female version). I just didn't want to follow the convention of using 'Heir/ess [SURNAME]'. 2: Yes, Tonks hates her given name, but she's a professional and a law officer. She's required to accurately identify herself. 3. Goathland Cell was a hermitage associated with Whitby Abbey, described as "a farm called 'Abbot House'". I'm still seeking an editor. If you or someone you know is willing to do so and has a good grasp of the English language, please contact me via PM.