or that- "Harry continued to drunken babble as Draco tried to keep an impassive expression despite Potter's strange remark about his hair. "And so that's why I think we would make good friends." Harry looked up at Draco, with his green blood shot eyes waiting for an answer. He didn't feel very stable on his feet but tried to keep his ground as Malfoy simply stared at him. "Draco, are you- "Before Harry could finish the sentence the Slytherin boy turned and walked down the corridor leaving Harry alone and speechless. Harry turned around, getting ready to walk back to the room of requirement when he noticed Ron there and the boy did not look happy, fixing Harry with a glare. "What did Malfoy want!" Before Harry could answer an urge to be sick suddenly hit him and he vomited on Ron. And then everything went to darkness for Harry. Harry woke with the worst headache he had ever experienced in his 19 years of being on this earth. His throat was dry and scratchy from vomiting, his muscles ached from god knows what and the thumping in his head was causing him to feel more nauseated. Unsure of how he got to bed, Harry sat up and took in his surroundings. He was no longer in last night's clothes and it felt as if he had showered but he had no recollection of anything past vomiting last night on Ron's shoes. The door to the bedroom opened and Ron came bouncing through with a wicked smile on his face. "Good morning mate, bet you're feeling like a house fell on you!" Ron practically shouted this at Harry causing the boy to wince and cradle his head, this made Ron laugh as it was his goal to cause Harry a great discomfort since he had technically vomited on Ron. "Look Ron, I am so sorry for last night! I knew I shouldn't drank that much!" Ron laughed and bounced on his bed looking for his secret stash of chocolate. "Don't worry Harry, it wasn't so bad! I had to get Seamus and Neville to help carry you upstairs, but once we threw you into the shower you pretty much just soaked and went straight to sleep." Harry felt dreadful for making everyone look after him and he knew Ginny would not be pleased with him passing out and not coming back. "Sorry Ron." "Don't worry Harry, but you definitely owe me a new pair of shoes!" Ron passed Harry some chocolate from Honeydukes that he kept hidden away in his bed. Harry nodded and continue to think about last night. Slowly he began to recall the night. Dancing with Ginny, taking so many drinks of fire whiskey, talking to Draco … The conversation he had with Malfoy came back and the Gryffindor felt like he had been punched in the gut. Of course, if he was going to have an embarrassing rant it was going to be the king of all Slytherins who could mock him for the rest of the year. Ron quickly finished his chocolate and grabbed his jacked. "Hermione, Ginny and me are going to Hogsmeade, did you want to come?" Harry knew Ginny would want to see him but the thought of leaving Hogwarts today almost made him baff so he declined the offer and told Ron to tell Ginny he wasn't awake and to just go without him. Sometimes small white lies were better than the pain of telling the truth. After Ron left Harry decided that he needed to get some food in his stomach and quickly headed to the great hall, feeling relieved that Hogwarts would be pretty much a ghost town now. As he was about to get to the steps before the great hall he saw Malfoy and despite his mind telling him not too he called out to the Slytherin. "Malfoy, can we talk." Malfoy stopped dead in his tracks, probably not expecting Harry or anyone else here when it was a Hogsmeade day trip. "What do you want Potter, I am hungry." Harry quickly caught up, feeling very short compared to Draco who was usually about 4 inches taller but as Draco was on the steps Harry seemed so much more. "Look, I just wanted to say I was sorry about last night, if I said anything weird or strange, I had too much to drink, and I didn't even want to be there but Ginny wanted me there. I'm sorry if you are pissed off and I mean if you want to ignore me or for me to give you space then I completely understand." Harry continued to babble and Draco wondered if that was something he did when he was nervous or simply when he was in the presence of Draco. "What is even the point of becoming my friend Potter. What exactly do you want from me?" Malfoy's voice was void from any emotions, seemingly disinterested with the idea of being Harry's friend. "I want nothing. I just don't want you to be alone anymore." The Slytherin fixed the boy with an assessing stare, as if he was assessing whether Harry was worth even speaking to him. To Harry's shock, similar to their first year, Draco stood on the steps of the great hall with his hand extended with the same cocky grin he wore many years before. "Alright Potter, let's be friends." And the first chapter is complete! Please leave a review and let me know your thoughts or if you have an CONSTRUCTIVE criticism, I would love to hear it. Sorry if the characters are a bit out of character, as this is my first fiction I hope you all will be a bit lenient while I learn the ropes! I am waiting on confirmation for a BETA so it will definitely only improve from here. Anyways, I will see you next week for an update, maybe even sooner if you enjoy it! Prost!