pillow on the carpet and his hands were free, Remus stepped back and held his hand, guiding him to the floor. "Come on, love."- Sirius breathed, resting his head on the pillow, his hair as untamed as possible. Remus simply grinned, softly kneeling between his lover's opened legs, taking his time to take Sirius trousers off and his own at the same time. It was quite cold, so he decided to leave Sirius with the robe. Very gently, Remus touched his lips upon Sirius pale thighs, pressing small kisses everywhere, never letting go of Sirius hand. His mouth shamelessly proved his lover's skin until he reached exactly where he wanted to be. All he needed to do was grind his tongue to make Sirius moan, gently throwing his head to the back. "Bloody hell, darling…"- Sirius cursed between his breaths. "Hm…"- Remus half replied, grinning as he continued his work. Sirius had to bit his lips in order to remain quiet, it was almost impossible, especially because Remus knew exactly what he was doing. When the ex-teacher added a lubed up finger, Sirius almost jumped. "Blimey, Moony!"- Sirius gasped, holding Remus' hand a little tighter against his own. "Hmm…Sorry love."- Remus apologized, never stopping his ministrations. "It's all right love, just… Oh… Heavens…" – Sirius gasped once more. He wasn't very talkative during shags, however during playtime, he was a master. Remus chuckled a bit, stopping his mouth for a while to prepare himself. While he remained fingering his lover, he casted a spell to spread the lube upon his own prick. "Such a lovely arse, my dear…"- Remus bit his lips, gently fingering him once more. When Sirius clenched his arse, it was time to take action. Remus was very careful to play with himself for a while, before slowly introducing his lenght, sliding in softly, cautious enough to avoid hurting his love. The first thrust was deep, making Sirius throw his head to the back once more as his arms embraced the other man softly. Remus couldn't stop staring at his lover's mouth's parted; he thrusted in and out, never letting go of Sirius hands. "Harder… If you could… Hm…"- Sirius moaned, shrugging in place. "Of course, dear…"Remus thrusted a little harder than before, changing the pace a little. Sirius couldn't help the moans, biting one of his fingers as his body moved back and forth, he could barely think. Having his legs this parted should feel embarrassing, but not for him. He had no shame whatsoever, especially when he was with the love of his life. The thrusting became erratic at some point, the only sound was that watery noise of skin hitting against skin. The couple's moans were as clear as a day now, their breaths more and more uneven. "Don't stop Moony… Don't stop…"- Sirius moaned so softly that he could barely be heard. "I'm sorry love… I won't be able to… Oh dear…"- Remus didn't like to come inside without his lover's consent. "Oh heavens, give it to me, Moony. You are all mouth and no trousers…"- Sirius whispered with a slight hiss at the end. With a loud grunt, Remus finally released, supporting his face upon Sirius' shoulders. He could feel his own body spams along with his lover's. "Sweet Merlin…"- Remus breathed in relief, coming non stop. "Good show, old chap"- Sirius blinked, trying to regain his self control; it was such a hard task. A few minutes later, they still laid together on the carpet, trying to catch their breaths and stop their hearts that were beating so fast. Sirius smiled when he felt a little flood of come dropping against his thighs. "That was brilliant, love."- Remus agreed, pulling Sirius for another kiss. They ended up falling asleep at the carpet, but thankfully they were awaken one hour later. Sirius scolded because they almost lost their time to pay a visit to Hogsmeade. Another shower later, they were both warm and fuzzy with scarves, ready to enjoy the city while they could. The first thing Sirius wanted was to ride the beautiful ferris wheel at the end of the street. He looked like a child with a huge pumpkin flavored cotton candy in one hand and a glass of butterbeer in the other. Remus was content enough with a cup of hot chocolate and some beans, not all flavored, thank Heavens. This was their favorite ride when they were young; back when the Marauders still existed and neither of them had nothing to worry, besides their OWLS' exams and their animagus forms. Sitting there, with Remus and the memories of their forgotten past was quite a hard task. Sirius didn't remember this being their favorite ride, not fully, at least. He didn't even remember the taste of pumpkin. "Do you remember the last time we were here together, love?"- Remus tried. "I just…"- Sirius went mute. He really didn't remember, but there was definitely something vague in his mind. "Shh… It's all right, dear. You'll remember after a while, that's a promise."- Remus smiled softly, pressing a gentle kiss upon Sirius hand. "I apologize, my love. My mind is not… Is not right."- Sirius concluded. "Rubbish, love. That is just rubbish. You don't need to remember everything."- Remus was simply trying to be a gentleman. "Bollocks. I know you are sad, love. Don't insult my knowledge."- Sirius wasn't mad, but he knew the truth. "Darling… I won't pretend this is easy for me. Heavens, it is not, but I got to try, don't I? If I have to remind you of everything I will. I'm here for you, Pad." Sirius finally smiled for the first time since they stepped in Hogsmeade. He sighed in happiness, reminding himself how lucky he was, for having someone who truly cared about him. It was such a hard task, to forget about his painful past and remind of the good things, but when he was with Moony, everything was a little easier. The End