not ignorant of her either. Professor Snape had noticed her creeping form when she got in the way of him staring at Harry Potter. Harry Potter. The boy who lived. The one who carried Lily's lovely green eyes, and his father's arrogant face. The son of a man he wished he could hex a thousand times over. The son of a woman he loved all his life. One could only begin to comprehend Snape's annoyance when he saw the child attempt to sneak away from her peers. It didn't help when she tripped, falling flat on her face, and revealing Minnie Mouse decorated pajama bottoms. He heard his table snickering. Of course, since Severus couldn't see the child's face, he did not realize who it was nor that the person was a girl. 'What the hell is that fool doing?' he thought as the student tried getting back up, only to trip again. He hoped they weren't in his house. He had enough imbeciles to deal with. Even if they were Slytherin. Minerva spoke up. She had seen the child too. "Excuse me? Just where do you think you're going?" Fear consumed Lily. 'Oh, what to do, what to do, WHAT TO DO?!' Her brain came up with no sensible conclusion. So she ran. Snape grunted. "They must be one of yours Minerva. They actually had the audacity to leave." The hall had become silent. Professor McGonagall grimaced. She went to go fetch for the student, but Dumbledore stopped her. "Allow me to handle the child. This may have been a bit much for them." He apparated away. Lily took down the hood of the robe. She was hunched over her knees, gasping for breath. That probably wasn't the best thing to do. Now how was she going to get back home? She hoped they would still permit her to enter the school when she finally turned eleven. She started towards the bank again. Didn't she see some boats earlier- "Hello." Lily fell backwards. A tall man loomed over her. He was very old with a white long beard. He stared at her through his round spectacles with an expression she could not place. His eyebrows narrowed and the atmosphere around them suddenly grew tense. "Who are you? Where are you from?" he demanded. She was frightened by his tone, but the authoritative way it sounded held no room for discussion. Besides, maybe he could help her? "M-my name is Lily Evans. I am from Cokeworth, England." "How did you get here?" The answers only seemed to tumble out. "I don't know. I was in my bedroom, about to fall asleep, when a strange light flooded my vision and I heard all sorts of weird voices in my head. Then I was here." He stroked his beard, appearing thoughtful at her words. "How old are you? Do you know where you are at?" He was speaking more softly this time. "I turned nine in January. I am at Hogwarts, the school of witchcraft and wizardry." "And how do you know of this place?" he continued. "I have a friend named Sev - Severus. He told me about it. Said I was a wi-" "Severus?" he abruptly cut her off. "Severus who?" She racked her brain for his last name. Did he ever tell her? "I...I'm not sure." "Hm..." The old man pondered for a moment. She waited anxiously for him to soak up all that she had said. She knew she must have sounded crazy. Maybe he would send her to the loony bin. To her disbelief and relief, he simply smiled at her warmly. He suddenly looked like a gentle grandfather rather than an interrogative headmaster. "We are glad to have you here Lily. My name is Albus Dumbledore. I am the headmaster of Hogwarts. I assume you are wanting to go home?" Lily nodded her head earnestly. "Good. So do I. I believe an ancient magic sent you here, one that I am unfortunately, not quite familiar with." Her brightened face dampened at that. Seeing this, he quickly added, "But don't worry. We will return you to your time as soon as possible." "Oh." She tried to think of something else to keep her mind off what she had just been told. "Does this mean I will be getting Sorted now?" she finally asked. Dumbledore frowned inwardly at this. 'No. She can't be near Harry. I will have to find a place suitable for her that won't risk the timelines but also won't put her in danger.' "Not yet. You will be coming with me to my office. We have much to discuss." "Yes sir." And they started travelling through the castle to their destination. At one point, Lily swore that she had passed by a calendar that read September 1991. That was quite silly. If it was 1991, then she would be 31 years old! End of chapter 1: A Green Light A/N: Thanks for reading! Reviews are much appreciated. It encourages me to update faster and I will individually respond to comments. This is my first Harry Potter fanfiction. I am sorry if there are any canon errors. I am not allowed to read the books or watch the movies in my house, so the only times I can do in depth research (aka read or watch the series myself) is when I am elsewhere, which is hardly ever. Therefore, a lot of this is based on my memory of watching all of the movies, reading two of the books, and whatever I have read on google or other fanfictions. However, some of it IS changed to fit this story line. If you are concerned with a canon error, please notify me in the comments and I will try to fix it. Also, let me know if you appreciate the long chapters. If you don't, I can split up the content into several chapters. If you like it, I can try to add more. Good bye.