his students. The hall quietened as people noticed him, and Dippet only had to lift his hands to achieve utter silence. Tom quirked his lips slightly. Dippet may be an idiot, but that was impressive. He felt the ambition and longing rise within him. One day, Tom would be controlling entire legions with nothing but a nod. They would respect him. "Hello students. And now we draw to the end of our first meal together but the beginning of a year. You all have hopes and goals which I'm sure you'll achieve, but remember: nothing comes without hard work and a bit of elbow grease." Dippet winked, and a few students laughed half-heartedly. Dippet grew more serious. "These are trying times we live in, and I know there will be some among you suffering from losses too terrible to comprehend. I want to assure you that Hogwarts is behind you, and we will pull through this together. I also want to remind you that the practise of Dark Arts is being more strictly monitored this year and forbidden to students below third year. Let's keep our corridors safe." Tom assumed he was referring to the incident last year, where a girl had been hospitalised after walking into the path of two Ravenclaw practising the disembowelment curse. Or so the story went. Tom found it difficult to believe it was just an accident. Frederik Lovegood had always been a bit strange. "Now off to bed, and your schedules will be provided tomorrow morning." Tom rose to his feet with the crowd and tapped Harrison, who was still poking at a treacle tart with his fork, on the shoulder. "I have to lead the first years, but follow Atticus. He should get you settled in." Tom hoped Dumbledore saw how helpful he was being. Maybe he would stop throwing Tom that damnable frown. Harrison looked up, glasses catching the light, and his skin glittered. Tom gave him his usual charming smile, and Harrison fixed him with a look of hatred- Tom was sure he wasn't just imagining it. Tom heard a sudden crack in his ear. Harrison started, and scrambled to his feet, knocking over a goblet of pumpkin juice with his sleeve. He cursed and began to mop at it with a napkin, only succeeding in spreading the sticky juice further. "Leave it," Tom said. "The house elves will deal with it." Harrison muttered something about vomit (strange boy) and surveyed the mess with an unhappy expression. Atticus rolled his eyes and began to pull Harrison away, giving Tom a pleading look. Tom bared his teeth in response, and took petty joy in the cowing of Atticus. It may have been unbefitting of someone with Tom's ambitions but, Merlin , it felt good. As long as he could control his classmates, he was safe. Tom watched Atticus lead Harrison away, until the messy head of black hair and the blonde gleam had disappeared into the crowds. Tom didn't miss the looks of confusion that were thrown Harrison's way (perhaps due to his unique scars). Tom noted delightedly that the boy looked thoroughly uncomfortable with the attention and stuck close to Atticus (admittedly, with ill temper). "Now," Tom said, sweeping his gaze over the small, scared faces gazing up at him. "Welcome to Slytherin House." Later, entering the sixth year dormitory in the dungeons, Tom Riddle saw an extra bed. Surprisingly, the curtains were already shut. Was Harrison so tired that he needed to go to bed at eight? If he had strange sleep patterns, it was going to disturb the rest of the dorm, and possibly Tom. Speaking of disturbance, Tom couldn't hear movement beyond the curtains- not even breathing. Strange: there was a light. Waving his wand at the bed, he realised there was a silencing charm over it, preventing any noise from escaping. Tom wondered why Harrison Peters would need to put up silencing charms. Presumably nightmares… Tom decided he should probably cancel the charms at some point, just to see what happens. But not tonight. Tom grabbed a jumper and left the dormitory. He would join his associates on the sofa downstairs. Behind the curtains, Harry wrapping his arms around his knees and shook with sobs. He was thankful for the silencing charm- he'd grown accustomed to using them once Voldemort returned and the visions began. But Harry knew he was going to have a completely different kind of nightmare tonight. Fuck. Sirius was dead . His godfather; his connection to his parents and his last chance at a family- snatched away. And all because Harry was reckless and stupid. Charging into the Ministry: what was Harry thinking? He'd had no idea of what was going on. He'd been overly Gryffindor-ish and look where that got him. No- Harry was going to do better. He wasn't going to do anything without thinking; he wasn't going to get anyone else killed because he was overly impulsive. Sirius . He wanted to scream, and maybe break something. Harry wrapped his hands in the sheet and gasped for breath. What would Hermione say about this? Oh Merlin- Hermione. Ron. He hadn't even thought about them. He felt another wave of self-loathing as he realised he'd completely forgotten about his friends, who had followed him loyally into a snake trap. Ron, wrestling with that brain, gasping as it wrapping feelers around his throat. Hermione, pale and falling to the ground, crumpling like a marionette with her strings cut. Luna, Neville, Ginny- He had no idea what had happened to them. He'd left them in the middle of a battle, left his friends helpless and alone to, yet again, be reckless. Why the fuck did he run after Bellatrix Lestrange? What the hell could Harry do to a witch three times his age and power? Arrogant. Snape would be delighted that he was finally admitting it. He didn't even know if they were alive. He wanted to go home. He didn't know how.