a rabies shot and wham no more werewolf. You can ask Stoneaxe my account manager, it seems my family has been employing werewolves for ages and all of them have gotten the shot. So now they have all the perks of being a werewolf but none of the drawbacks," I said. I clearly remember telling him about this before but maybe they just did not wish to pay for the information. "Would you swear on your magic?" Draco asked. "Yes," I said. He wrote a quick note before calling out, "Dobby". I was shocked to see an elf pop into the compartment. "Take this to father right away and tell them to go to see Stoneaxe, Cousin Harriet's account manager," he said. The elf took his note before popping away. "What…" I kicked Justin before he could ask his question. I had the same one but felt it wasn't one to ask. "But back to your questions; you have it a little wrong. My grandparents were Fleamont and Euphemia Potter. Charlus and Dorea Potter had a son who would have been my dad's cousin. Euphemia was a Longbottom before she married. Your great grandfather was her brother. I am not sure where that makes us cousins but it does," I told him. "Just agree with her. She has already claimed you kin and she will not back away from this," Justin said. "But you said you have Black blood," Draco said. "I do on my mother's side. Her mother was from the Black family; she was the daughter of Alphard Black," I said. "How doesn't anyone know this?" Draco asked. "I have no idea. Most everyone that I have meet assumes I am the grandchild of Dorea and Charlus Potter. I think it's because both Charlus and Grandfather named their sons James." All the boys blinked at me and I sighed before going on. "My dad's name was James Potter. He was the son of Fleamont and Euphemia Potter. Fleamont's younger twin brother Charlus Potter and his wife Dorea also named their son James," I said. "I thought Charlus was his younger brother; oh the cutoff date," Neville said. "Yes that is what happened," I said. Neville was quick to explain what the cutoff date was and how it affected some people. Before we realized it we had reached Hogwarts where the ride over the lake was not fun. It seemed only Justin and myself could swim, Draco had yet to learn and Neville had almost drowned when his uncle tossed him in a body of water at a young age. Thankfully we stayed upright. The only eventful thing that happened was that once we reached the other shore, Neville's toad Trevor somehow ended up in the boat. "I thought you left him on the train?" Justin asked. "So did I but he has the habit of escaping," Neville told us. "I have to ask, did anyone in your family tell you just how we are sorted? I tried to read about it but the books just glossed over it," Justin said. "I read all about it in Hogwarts: A History ," some girl with bushy hair said. "Yes I read that too; but it does not tell you how we are sorted," Justin said. "We have to wrestle a troll," said a boy with red hair. I could not help but laugh at that. "And what do you think is so funny?" he snapped. "Most of us are 11; there is no breed of troll out there that we could handle. Some of our classmates just learned magic was real," I said. "Weasley I cannot believe you would fall for something so stupid," Draco said. "Oh we are related to them. You are my fourth or fifth cousin," I said. I was about to ask if Draco or Neville knew what generation it was, when I was shoved to the ground. "I am not related to scum like you!" the Weasley boy yelled. "Mr. Weasley, that will be a two weeks detention and I will be having a meeting with your parents first thing in the morning about your behavior," snapped Professor McGonagall before telling us to follow her. I smiled when those around me winced at my whistle and yelling. "Miss please keep quiet while in line," Professor McGonagall said. "Nope, not going to happen. I am going to cheer for my friends and family. Well not all of them," I said. The Weasley sniped once more he wasn't related to someone like me. The professor just hushed us both as did the girl with bushy hair. When it was Neville's turn Draco took a step away from me; he learned fast. But I knew how to make noise when I wanted to. So when the hat yelled out Slytherin I placed both fingers in my mouth and whistled. He had told us he thought he would be a Hufflepuff but his Gran had wanted him in Gryffindor like his dad. But he must be taking after his great-grandmother. Draco's sorting did not take long. I got odd looks when called but few people said anything. I was chanting Slytherin in my head when the hat was placed there, but could not help the stray thought about lice. 'Hey I am cleaned daily and it is my job to sort you,' I heard. I just kept chanting 'Slytherin'. 'Oh very well," Slytherin". I jumped up and handed the hat back before moving to sit next to Neville. "My Gran is going to kill me," he whispered. "Nah just tell her you are taking after your great-grandmother, she was a Slytherin," I told him as the Weasley boy was placed in Gryffindor. Once the sorting was done I could hear the whispers of questions asking where The-Boy-Who-Lived was. It was only then I think Draco and Neville realized just who I was. As they both cursed I just smiled at them before greeting our newest and last house member.