over his feet. He would swear that the Knights were just out of sight, and that even a small stumble would lead to his recapture. He wasn't sure if it was the curse digging at him, or just his own paranoia. They managed to get away without incident. Whatever magic they were using to track Harry was either slow to act, or perhaps the Knight's just weren't that mobile. They had been wearing heavy armor after all, though a small part of Harry's mind wondered if he had been spared only for someone else to fall into their grasp, and Salazar wasn't there to save them. It was near nightfall when they finally arrived at wherever Salazar had taken him. They had left the city proper and were off in the smallwood, on a lightly travelled path. There were houses hidden deep in the trees, but the layout was such that Harry doubted the area even had a name. Regardless, Salazar seemed to know where he was going when they stopped in front of a small, nondescript wooden hut that was partially obscured by a great oak tree. He only spared Harry a single glance before knocking on the door. Harry heard the sound of a chair being pushed back, before the soft sound of footfalls approached the door. Then, a second later, it creaked open, revealing a cloaked figure. At first glance, Harry could tell she was female, though he could not see her face through the shadows of her hood. There was just a hint of long black hair flowing out. "You," the woman said upon seeing Salazar. "You and your clan are not welcome here." The woman went to close the door, but Salazar stopped it with her foot, gently. "I'm not here to harm you," he said quickly. "I am here to ask you for your help." She didn't seem to panic, in fact, she merely tilted her head to the side, as if she was curious about something. She then noticed Harry. "Who's your friend?" she asked. "This is Harry Potter," Salazar said. "I don't know of any Potters." "Nor I," Salazar replied. "But that doesn't matter right now. What matters is that he's been marked by the Knights of Saint Benedict." The woman flinched back slightly. "You're mad for bringing him here, then. What if you were followed? You know how relentless they are. They always find their prey." "They lost our trail nearly four hours ago. We should have some time before they catch up." "Four hours?" the woman repeated. "He shouldn't even be alive if that were the case, let alone standing." "He's strong-willed," Salazar replied. "And he had me with him. Well, will you help or not?" "Why don't you take him to that crone you're clan is so fond of, Broona?" "She's dead," Salazar stated. "Ah. Well, sorry for your loss," she said. "No you're not." Salazar said. "No I'm not," she agreed. She shook her head. "Fine. Come in. I've never removed a mark before, but from what I know, it's not too dissimilar from other curses. You just have to know the trick." "You'll be able to do it?" Harry asked, speaking up for the first time. "Of course I can," she scoffed. "Whether or not I can do it before you pass out, well, I cannot guarantee that. But I can guarantee that it will be painful." They entered the hut, and the first thing Harry noticed was that it was much larger on the inside than it was on the outside. Spatial expansion charms were a tricky thing for a random witch to be using, especially on something that they planned to live inside of. She must have had utmost confidence in her ability, since a malfunction of the charm would lead to disastrous consequences. Harry's estimation of her immediately rose up a notch. "Salazar," the woman said. "I want you to light that yellow candle. Make sure it's the yellow one, and not the white one." She pointed at a large tapered candle that was resting on a shelf amidst an assortment of clutter, including an assortment of different sized candles. If there was a word to describe the house, messy would be it. It wasn't like there was refuse everywhere, instead, there was piles and piles of books, an assortment of half-filled glass vials of varying size, and what must have been a hundred quills, and that was just what Harry could see on the table. "What will it do?" Salazar asked as he picked up the candle and set it upright. As he brought flame to the wick, a sudden pulse of magic flashed across the room, settling across all of them. It was unnerving, but it did not feel harmful. Salazar didn't even flinch. "It will protect us from scrying, at least until the flame goes out. It should hamper the Knights' ability to find this place." The witch scampered about, quickly moving tomes around while searching out specific references. She pulled a worn clay idol out of a bag and placed it on the table, before she quickly went on to her next task, which involved a cauldron and an assortment of alchemical ingredients, only half of which Harry recognized. Eventually she seemed to have everything in order. "Well, might as well sit down and make yourself comfortable," she said, gesturing to Harry and pointing at a sturdy chair. "This may take awhile." "Before we start, may I ask your name?" Harry asked. "Knowing who I owe a debt to would make it easier to pay off." The woman pulled her hood back, revealing her face. She was young, and very pretty. Her hair was as black as his own, and longer than he would have thought. Her eyes were almond shaped and a piercing brown that did not fail to draw his gaze. She smirked, as if she could tell what Harry was thinking. "You may call me Rowena Ravenclaw."