likely true, was that even if someone one day gave him every answer he had ever wanted, and a purpose, he would still feel lost. His isolation was more than loneliness. It had become a part of him, like the feeling of sun on his fur or the desire to sleep when he was tired. There was also the less psychological but even scarier option of them not having an answer. They were far from the kind of people that took in orphaned livestock, leading him to wonder if they had even chosen to. Which led to him wondering if the whole setting wasn't literally too bizarre to be true. Maybe he was correct in his asylum fantasy, or maybe God had created them as well, for whatever reason. Which might just mean that this reality only existed for his sake. Perhaps Harry was God, and this reality was here to – what, exactly? What was the purpose of this pantomime?) Something occurred to him one summer. He had made it through another winter and the grass was amazing now, but he could no longer find joy in even that. The grass would go away and like Sisyphus he would push that rock back up the hill, nothing ever accomplished, nothing ever changed. He felt foolish, having been seduced by summer in his younger years, having let grass and little flower delicacies dictate his priorities… he had let his animal part take over. He felt ashamed. (This in itself was not unusual: who among us wouldn't feel ashamed, knowing ourselves to be something so silly and primitive as a deer? Who wouldn't feel singled out, and run in circles trying to justify this joke of an existence?) He did not know much about Christianity, but he knew that the wisest of the humans sought to distance themselves from their fleshly needs and shortcomings. They were ridiculed for this, but if he were a creature born of something beyond nature and beyond sense, what was there to do but to reject his flesh? He could be a modern cynic. And ascetic, quietly dignified in his refusal to eat any more grass than he strictly needed. Or he could continue his life as he's living, but let his morose thoughts go, become a Epicurean of sorts. He did not need to go to school or work, he had not commitments other than eating grass. He could manhandle his mind into a happy place. (And maybe that was the evolution of the species. Maybe all creatures but men had given up on their intelligence, choosing dumb simplicity for reasons he was starting to understand, and forgotten themselves.) But then, what would there to tell him apart from any other deer? He could not stand to lose the one thing that gave him worth. And neither school of thought would change anything. He might eat a bit less grass: but then, he did not eat much as it was. The sole difference was that he would be directing his own mind. He would compel himself to think in predetermined venues, but for what? A sense of belonging? Of purpose? His choices made no difference to anyone, himself included. His life truly was pointless. Like any other depressed mammal, Harry had his good days and his bad days. Slowly, as his mind made him unable to take joy in the joys in his life and brighter thoughts lost their resonance, the bad came to outnumber the good. On the worst days he would be too overcome by the tragedy of his own existence to even leave the shade. The worst days came to outnumber the bad: for what was the point in eating grass, when the purpose of that would be to prolong the existence he so hated? And here came the final steps of a dark path few but still too many find themselves upon, for Harry did at last realize he was suicidal. Had he had something to look forward to, or even to dread, a change of even the slightest kind, a world of difference would have been made. He did not. And how could he claim to loathe his life, if he chose to cling to it? He would become a knowing hypocrite, stewed in self-loathing. How could he wish for autonomy when his thoughts did not affect the sole action he could take? How could he claim integrity? And there was one practical question that he had always avoided, but now allowed to the front of his mind. If he did not age normally, how old might he get? Might he live for years and years, even decades, until his body failed him one last time? Could he bear to? Did he have a reason to? Harry's decision to kill himself was the realization that he could. It was a defiance of his nature, of his fate, of life itself. He spat God in the face: he no longer cared whether he had only now perceived His plan or if this decision was him failing that divine test. For the first time in his life, he felt relief. It was light, and careless, and unfolded itself from his heavy sorrowful heart, blowing all the bad and painful darkness he'd been carrying away like smoke. He was euphoric. (And if his one remaining fiction was that he chose his suicide method for its irony, rather than it being one of the very few suicide methods available to deer living in suburbia, then he did for once choose not to overthink it.) He jumped the Dursleys' fence that morning, fresh and graceful, a maiden in white running into her lover's embrace, and ran into the road. A Peugeot rammed into him, and he died instantly. By noon, he had been scraped off the pavement and sent to a nearby landfill, and a letter addressed to Mr. Potter, The Garden, 4 Privet Drive, Surrey, England, had been picked up by a surprised Dudley.