up at him, "your turn," she said breathlessly and they all burst into laughter as they lay sated, tangled in each other's embrace, while Blaise refilled drinks. The sun beamed through the window and showered her with the light of a brand new day. She went to move but felt a strong arm securely wrapped around her waist. She lifted her head...oh wait probably shouldn't have done that. She groaned and laid her head back on the pillow. Hazily she noticed that it was not a pillow, but an arm. She poked open one eye and saw the sleeping form of Blaise Zabini next to her and noted her leg draped over his poking out of the bed sheet. How can a man be so beautiful even while he sleeps, it's just not fair. She turned her head a bit and saw that it was Theo who was holding her tightly, her Theo, she smiled. She went to move but realized she was sore everywhere then all of the night's activities came flooding back to her like a tidal wave. Her eyes got big as she stared up at the ceiling. She felt a quiet laugh rumble in Theo's chest and he pulled her closer to him in the bed. "I see you're awake, how are you feeling beautiful? You had quite the eventful night." "What was I thinking? How will I look at any of you at work? The light, it's so bright." She whispered and closed her eyes. She relaxed at the feel of a kiss to her temple, she knew it was Theo. No other man had ever kissed her so tenderly. Then she remembered. "You did all that for me?" She looked at Theo, "Why?" "For the love of Merlin shut it witch. It's far too early and I'm much too hungover for your brain right now Granger. My god's what do they put in this muggle alcohol?" Draco complained A round of laughter erupted from everyone in the bed at Draco's outburst. At this Blaise took the initiative to climb out of bed but not before planting a kiss on Hermione's cheek only to be pulled away by a suddenly possessive Theo. "Hands off Zabini, nights over. She's all mine now." He murmured as he kept his face buried in the pillow but his arm tightly around Hermione's waist. Blaise just laughed as he passed everyone a vial of hangover potion. Then turned to Hermione with a questioning look. "Seriously, you don't know why?" At this she turned to Theo who now had his face buried in her curls peppering her with soft, barely-there kisses. She closed her eyes and allowed her senses to be enveloped by the sensation of his lips softly caressing her. "You know Granger, for the brightest witch of our age…" "You better not finish that sentence Malfoy." Theo warned still buried in her curls. "All jokes aside Granger, think about it." Draco said with a smirk." Why he requested to be moved so close to you at work almost as soon as the Weasel and you broke up. He had a much bigger office when he was closer to myself and father. Being located next you is somewhat of a downgrade for him." At this Blaise kicked Draco in the leg. "Oi! It was a joke I didn't mean it. Granger knows how much I like her." He said with a smirk and a wink in her direction, "She's probably feeling the effects of how much I like her today." At this Theo had had enough and pulled a pillow from the bed and launched it at Draco's head. He dodged it and continued. "Ok I'll be serious again Granger. Why, did he come to me to make those preparations for two different clubs knowing that you would for sure be at one of them. Why did he ask Blaise to go to the other club last night after we left to make certain that your friends knew who you were with and made it back to their wizards safely. Oh and Granger, you wouldn't even have to ask if you could have seen his face when you walked by in that little green dress." Through Draco's whole rant, Hermione and Theo had managed to move as close to the other as physically possible. She held a hand to his cheek and the other on his chest as he peppered her cheeks, her freckles, her nose, her eyes and her forehead with as many kisses as she would allow. When Draco finally finished, her gaze remained on Theo as she said "Blaise, Draco, Leave now." She heard them chuckle and lock the door behind them. She was so overwhelmed with emotions for this amazing wizard. Her Theo. She wanted to be his. "What are you thinking?" he asked as he study her face, taking in every curve and angle. She was perfection and he wanted her to be his. He was already hers. He had been for quite some time now. Did she know? "I was thinking about my first kiss." She smiled softly as he caressed her cheek. "You mean our first kiss. The time when you were in the library panicking over the possibility that Victor Krum might be your first kiss." "You asked me if I wanted him to be my first kiss. Then you caressed my cheek, like you're doing right now. Then you took my hand like this." She grabbed his other hand and interlaced their fingers. "Then I leaned in like this, but stopped right about here. I wanted to be sure it was what you wanted. Is it? Is it what you want Hermione?" he asked looking at her with the same anticipation and longing he had that day in the library so many years ago. She closed the short gap between them like she had done in the library all those years ago. Only this time they wouldn't be going separate ways.