crossed a leg over his knee. "Your father is a very important, very wealthy man. He's assigned me to be your new bodyguard" I laughed. "Bodyguard! Why would I need one of those?" Another silver eye roll. "Your father in Antonin Dolohov. He just learned of your existence a short while ago, through the investigator you hired." That name sounded familiar. Why? I expected a kind couple in their forties, wondering about the little girl they'd given up to a Russian orphanage 18 years ago. Not some crazy gazillionaire with bodyguards. He'd never known I existed? "My investigator hasn't returned any of my recent owls" "He's indisposed at the moment." My silver-eyed voyeur said with malice. Alrighty. I tottered from shock, and possible Firewhiskey. "Are all bodyguards paid to spy on their charges in the bath?" I said as I stomped into my bathroom to removed my towel and replace it with a silky black robe. I was secretly relieved I went for this sexy smooth one instead of terry cloth. Win for me. No response. I returned to my room to find his huge frame hulking from my closet. "Where is your luggage?" "My lugga—hey!' I shouted as he started waving his wand around, transfiguring my book bag into a suitcase and filling it with random clothing. "What the hell!" I snapped indignantly. "Relax. I'm only packing necessities, everything else will be provided for you." "Oh well in that case." I said as I seethed from my position. I was regretting this bathrobe now. I must look ridiculous. "I'm not doing anything or going anywhere until you tell me who you are and where you think I'm going. And why can't this wait for tomorrow? And why can't my father owl me or apparate in for tea like a normal person?' He exhaled with impatience, as if no one had ever argued with him before. "My name is Draco Malfoy. You can call me Malfoy. I've worked for your father for the last 5 years. Dolohov is keen to meet you, I've never seen him so eager." I gaped at him. Draco Malfoy. So that's why he looked familiar. I was in my 2nd year during the Battle of Hogwarts and Draco Malfoy had disappeared after it was over. I remembered his pictures portraying a much smaller, slighter teen. I liked this version, though. "Close your mouth, Ana." He said as he continued to wave his wand around my bedroom. I snapped it shut. "How can you be sure I'm his daughter? What if Petrov made a mistake?" I was grasping at straws. What if Malfoy worked for some crazed Death Eater? Oh, Merlin. I couldn't breathe. "There is no mistake." Malfoy said as he finished his task and shrunk the bag down, putting it in his pocket. "He is a very important, busy man. He trusts me implicitly and is counting on me to see you home." He peered out of my bedroom window with that same wariness I noticed at the bar. "If you come with me to the apparation point, he will meet you at his estate outside Moscow in fourteen hours. This is your father's wish, and I will be carrying it out." He turned back around to look at me. I was still gaping at him. This could not be happening and against all odds I was starting to believe this guy. I started grasping at straws, "But I have shifts tomorrow at St. Mungos! I can't just leave!" "We understand your education is important to you, but your father wants you in Russia now. Your father always gets what he wants. We leave tonight." There was no arguing with that. I stared blankly at him, my thoughts racing. "I know this is a lot to take in, but let me make this simple for you. I'm apparating out of this house in 5 minutes. You can either get dressed and apparate with me or I can scoop you up and you can leave in that little robe—" his piercing eyes swept over my body with that same hunger as before—"Your choice." I knew at that moment he was dead serious about kidnapping me. I stalled for time. "Why haven't you said anything about my mother?" "Four minutes," was his reply. "I can't just leave my life and go with you, Malfoy. Not without answers." "Which I promise to give you, when we are under way." He crossed the room to stand in front of me. His hardened features were almost too masculine. His rugged jaw and previously broken nose only contributed to his devastating looks and dangerous aura. "You must trust me, love," he said as he reached forward and grasped my chin. At his touch I felt that same dizzying heat. I attempted to assure myself that it was a combination of liquor and exhaustion, or perhaps my unsuccessful bath time. "You know I have no wish to harm you," he murmured. "Otherwise, I could have led you from the bar earlier, taking you somewhere for us to be alone." My breaths went shallow. It was hot in here. "That's right, Anya . You would have followed where I led." My brain short-circuited. I was still recovering from the sound of my birth name in his raspy voice when I felt his warm breaths ghost across my ear. He drew back, expression dark. "Now then, let's stop acting like you haven't made up your mind to come with me." "Excuse me?" "You were decided the moment you heard Russia, father, and go. " "Well see here's the—" "Time's up, sweetheart." He bent down to loop an arm around my ass, hoisting me over this shoulder. No one had time to hear me scream. With a pop, we were gone. A/N: So, I have commitment issues. I have actually never completed a story, but I'm going to give this like my millionth try. Reviews are appreciated and flames are NOT welcome. - Violet-Lights