take care of Harry and get you when Remus arrives." "Thank you," Sirius mumbled, kissed Harry gently on the forehead and went upstairs, leaving Minerva to ponder over what to do. Sometime around noon, knocks echoed through the house once again and Harry started to cry. She rushed upstairs, to give him into Sirius' care, who wasn't looking like he had slept at all, and went back downstairs. They had agreed that it would be better to see Remus' reaction before telling him that Sirius and Harry were hiding at her place. It would be of no use if he ran to alert Dumbledore. "Hello, Remus," Minerva tried to smile at him as she opened the door, but her smile froze on her lips as she took in his appearance. He had dark circles under his eyes and was way too thin to be healthy, not to mention his ragged clothes. "You wanted to talk to me," he said weakly, his voice raw. Minerva tried to remember if there had been a full-moon any of the previous nights, her concern growing when she realized that it hadn't. "Come in," she said. "Do you want a cup of tea or something to eat?" "Tea would be great," he said as he followed her into her kitchen. Minerva placed a cup in front of him, accompanied by a plate of small sandwiches before sitting down as well. "I am sorry for your loss," she said. "And I am sorry, but I have to ask you a few questions, even if this is the worst time to do so." "Thank you," Remus said, staring into his tea. "What do you know about yesterday?" she asked and Remus repeated what Dumbledore had told her the previous night and Minerva told him that. "Well, he told me earlier," Remus shrugged. "I don't know anything for myself, I am sorry. I still can't believe Sirius would do something like that. I trusted him," his voice broke. "You know quite a lot," Minerva said. "And I don't think Mister Black is guilty." Remus' head shot up and he looked at her with hope in his eyes. "Excuse me?" "Your friends all became animagi, didn't they?" "How do you know about that?" he asked in shock. "They hadn't been as subtle about it as they thought," Minerva replied. "Isn't it possible that Peter transformed and is hiding in his animal form now? As he is not a registered animagus, nobody is looking for him like that." "That might be, the photograph… I thought it was wishful thinking!" "So you have noticed it too, haven't you?" Minerva gave him an encouraging smile. "But that's not all. Do you know for sure that Sirius was the secret keeper? Couldn't that be just bait?" Remus fell silent for a moment. "James said that he wanted Sirius to be his secret keeper, but neither has ever confirmed that Sirius was it indeed. For all I know it could have been anybody..." his eyes widened in realization. "You think Peter is the traitor! But why would he do that? But it would be a logical choice… While both Sirius and I have been suspected by Dumbledore throughout the war, he hadn't. Oh my god. Peter betrayed James and Lily. And he's alive. I can't believe it." "At least that's what Sirius has told me," Minerva replied and Remus' jaw dropped. "Sirius has told you? Was he here?" "He still is," she answered. "And so is Harry. I am sure he will be glad to talk to you, but we wanted to make sure you wouldn't run to Dumbledore and the Ministry first thing when you saw him." Remus nodded in understanding. The caution was understandable, considering one of their best friends had betrayed them just the previous day. They walked upstairs together and Minerva gently knocked on the door to the guest room before entering. "You believe I am innocent?" Sirius asked when he saw Remus come in as well. "I want to hear your side of the story," Remus said before moving to Harry's crib. "Is this...?" "Yeah, that's Harry," Sirius confirmed. "May I hold him?" And like that, Minerva listened to the events of the previous day for the fourth time and watched the two young men in her guest room carefully. Sirius was obviously struggling to tell the story while Remus was looking at the small boy in his arms, refusing to look anywhere else. When Sirius finished talking, Remus asked the obvious. "What are you going to do now?" "I have no idea," Sirius said once again and looked at Minerva with expectations. "You should both stay here," she said without thinking. "Being on the run with Harry isn't an option, and he doesn't have any other relatives." "Technically he has," Remus chipped in. "Lily had a sister, Petunia. She's muggle though." "The worst muggle you could imagine. The only way she'll rise Harry is over my dead body," Sirius snarled. "Thn it's settled, you will stay," Minerva stated. "And you should too, Remus. It will be less suspicious that way as I am at Hogwarts during the day." "I can't accept that, Minerva. I have a flat and..." Remus tried to protest. "And you are broke and not eating," Sirius muttered. "It's painfully obvious." Remus glared at him. "I can understand that you don't want to be a bother, but you'll be of great help if you stay here. I fear for Harry's health if Sirius is his only caregiver through the day. Besides, the Potters wanted you to take care of him in the case anything happened to them, too," Minerva said. Remus didn't look too happy, but Harry suddenly tugged at his jacket, demanding his attention. When Remus saw his smile, his features relaxed. "Alright," he said. "I'll stay for Harry. But only till we solve this mess." "And I will pay you back as soon as I have access to my vaults again," Sirius added.