potion, he stored it in several small bottles in his potions' cabinet and started cleaning his working place furiously. He was still so mad at Longbottom and Granger that it was really a miracle that he managed to concentrate and brew the potion correctly. But he was a perfectionist in everything that he did, so that he couldn't mess up the potion again and fail to supply his customers. Again . The front door of his shop opened and upon hearing the ring he got himself on the front, only to find out that Miss Goody-Gryffindor-Bookworm had apparently decided to stalk him lately. He breathed out resigned and he fixed his features in a frown. "What do you want Granger?" "Um, hello. I came to offer you a bit of help." He scoffed. "How?" "I brought you some roots from my private supplies. I understand that you must need them desperately and I thought to take upon the offer you made to me in Diagon Alley the other week. If it's still on." she finished uncertainly. "I fail to see why you would need them for business purposes… except well for beautification potion." She gave a thorough look to the store around her and her left eyebrow arched and raised high in her forehead. "Well, that's precisely why I need it." he confirmed."But why would you help me Granger?" "Merlin's beard Malfoy! Is it even legal? Selling potions to muggles for profit? What else are you selling to them?" "Why don't you check for yourself while you're here?" She did just that. She browsed all his shelves in the store, examining each product and each label, recognized a camouflaged pepper-up potion or a simple cure for boils or "for acne" as it was labeled. Hopefully she only identified harmless staff and a great variety of his products was muggle based after all. She would have been impressed, if that wasn't Malfoy's doing. Malfoy ignored her while she was wondering around his shop, or at least he tried to. Her perfume, very light and flowery, had started triggering something in his mind and he was so focused trying to remember what it was that all other thoughts had faded. What did it was exactly and where had he met the aroma before? With the skilled olfaction of an accomplished potioneer, he distinguished it had a scent of grass and probably citrus or green apple with a tad of mint and something he couldn't quite discern. It reminded him of mist and eerie nights of spring, apples, the vanishing cabinet, the Astronomy Tower. Dumbledore. No. Cold sweat started forming on his forehead and his spine started shivering. Not again. He turned his back at her and dropped something off his desk in the process. Granger turned to look at him questioningly – was that concern in her eyes? Like the Gryffindor she was, she approached him and made to touch him on the shoulder when he shook her hand violently off. "Get off." he warned with force trying to control the tremor in his body and lock out the unwanted memories. He was accomplished in Occlumency, he knew how to detach from memories that even he couldn't remember those locked away in his subconscious sometimes, but today, this time, they were stronger. It was her scent he knew it, and now that she was closer it was getting more intense - worse. "Malfoy?" she tried hesitantly touching his shoulder lightly again. "Don't touch me you – "Filthy Mudblood?" she finished his sentence with supple sarcasm in her voice. "Stupid bint." he finished less offensively than he intended. Why was she using that derogatory term for herself, the effing bookworm? Yes, better. This provided a welcoming distraction and he was able to remove Dumbledore from his mind. There was no Amycus now, no Snape, no Greyback. He was moving backwards the staircase of the Astronomy tower, he had not mended the cabinet in the Room of Requirement, he was fast asleep in his dormitory in the dungeons. He was here in his shop serving clients, yeah . His vision cleared again and he was able to see Granger observing him with great interest. Bossy know-it-all . He cleared his throat forcibly and she seemed to get out of her trance immediately. "Was that…are you having- "I'm perfectly healthy despite your wishes. Forget this and leave." "Malfoy, this is serious. It's been four years- "Five years, two months and five days, I know, what's your point?" She gasped and shook her head. "The Battle was four- "Astronomy Tower." he defined unwillingly. "You should leave, I've lots to do. I am… grateful for the ingredients." not quite a thank you, but it would have to do. Her eyes sparkled and she was quite bold to suggest assistance. "Can I help you with that?" A sodding Gryffindor all the way. "Forget that it happened, will you? I'll have the roots delivered in your bookstore as soon as the Apothecary stocks up. You can cancel the rest of the order with stupid Longbottom. How much for the ginger roots?" "It's nothing, it's a gift." she explained. "Fine, I'll have them replaced as soon as possible in return." go the fuck away now , he screamed inside. She nodded and was ready to say something more when he interrupted her. "The door is on your left." and he disappeared inside again. After a few minutes of silence, he heard the door click open and closed and he was able to breathe again. He didn't need anyone to remind him what he had done. Especially not her. . a/n: Thank you for reading and please review and let me know if I should continue or not, I would love to read your thoughts. As I said this is my first try on Harry Potter stories and feedback and constructive criticism are more than welcomed. If you notice any mistakes, please let me know so I can fix them. Victoria