any more unnecessary trips into London just because Mad-Eye Moody had asked her to 'take a look'. He changed topics. 'You need to stop being so tired, you are supposed to be head bridesmaid tomorrow.' Cassy scoffed. 'I am too old to be a bridesmaid and besides, there are five guests. I would be the only bridesmaid.' Sirius leant to rest his chin on the palm of his hand. 'You are still not on board for this wedding, are you?' For a minute, Cassy said nothing. She frowned down into the amber liquid steaming in the mug between her hands. 'I think it's too soon. How can it last when they have spent the last year avoiding each other only then to get married with no warning?' she said after taking a long drink of her tea. 'I feel like they are getting married for the sake of getting married.' 'Some people don't wait long and besides, they've known each other years,' he said simply. 'Conflict brings people together and marriage makes them feel closer in case the worst happens.' 'That's like saying Harry and I should get married in case one of us dies this year,' said Cassy flatly. 'In fact, there is more of a foundation because we have been together longer and known each other much longer.' She cared for Tonks dearly and Remus was always a sensible and reliable man who Cassy would be grateful was at her father's side, but that did not mean she agreed with their wedding. Though she had not mentioned it, Sirius had read the disbelief on her face when the happy couple made their announcement only two weeks prior, a mere three weeks after they had begun dating. It was too soon, she protested in the company of her father, it was a whirlwind romance that would see them locked together when they did not know if they really should be together at all. It was simply ridiculous. Sirius had merely hummed and heard her out. He had no qualms with their marriage so long as the pair were happy and while Cassy wished them all the happiness for the future, she remained perplexed by the engagement, unsure of how they felt they knew each other enough – unsure of how it was dissimilar to marrying a boy that you knew vaguely through family friends and agreed to marry for convenience sake years later and none-the-wiser to him really. They had a simple wedding planned. Cassy had helped Tonks arrange much of it with the company of her mother, Andromeda, who seemed to have warmed to Cassy in the years she had not seen her. They were to be married by a friend of Tonks', then have a meal between the Tonks, Blacks, and Lupin's as Remus' father Lyall was to make their acquaintance for the first time. Tonks had picked out Cassy's dress, a short navy blue one with a bouquet of the most vivid, vibrant pink flowers she had ever seen. She had said it was like Cassy was a real bridesmaid if she chose her dress; Cassy had wondered if it was really the wedding Tonks wanted, but when she gently probed Tonks simply turned with a beaming smile. She was marrying Remus and that was all she wanted. So, Cassy let the doubts fall silently to the back of her mind. Sirius shrugged at Cassy's flat response. 'If that's what you two wanted, although, I'm already paying out a lot for this wedding as the Best Man, so you should have mentioned it earlier.' Cassy stared at her father incredulously. It was a whole ten seconds of silent staring before Sirius burst into laughter. Cassy sighed. 'Is that your way of letting me know something is on the horizon?' he asked cheekily and Cassy narrowed her eyes. 'No,' she denied firmly. 'You would know anyway, Harry would ask you.' Sirius snorted. 'Cassy, you have never asked my permission for anything in your life and you never listen to what I say anyway. I don't expect it to start with my opinion on who you marry.' Cassy blinked slowly. The groom always had to ask permission; it had never occurred to her that they did not need their family's blessing unless they intended to elope in the night. She settled on replying: 'We are not getting married. I'm seventeen.' Downing the rest of his drink, Sirius placed the mug on the table and inspected his fingernails idly. 'You know, James and Lily got married the year they left school.' 'Stop!' Sirius let out a howling laugh and Cassy growled, flustered, as she tried to find something to throw at him. Welcome to year seven! The final year! Wow, so I didn't imagine getting this far realistically. When I began the story several years ago, I didn't realise how massive the task was. Yet, we're here and we're going to see it through. So, I hope you enjoy the final book on Cassy's life. Just an introduction chapter. The second one will be up soon enough too. Cassy's mulling around at the moment, doing what she can. She's facing some hard questions from Sirius and is unwilling to let him know of the secret mission they're on. Also, I think that while Cassy is pleased Tonks and Remus are happy, she would in no way understand marrying someone a few weeks after getting together. She's barely got a romantic radar half the time, as we all know, and the idea of rushing into something that like does not even begin to compute logically with her. She's not against the marriage exactly, she just doesn't quite get it either. Sirius, on the other hand, I think would just shrug it off. James and Lily got married quickly (albeit not that quickly) and they were the happiest couple he had ever met. Plus, it's an opportunity to tease Cassy. Anyway, I hope you stick with me for the year. Thanks!