wouldn't say this to her, but he didn't really fancy standing out here alone, either. Two younger Gryffindors had already passed him—one had looked at him quizzically and been on her way, while the other had thrown him a rude "What are you doing here?" before heading on his way as well, hardly giving the eloquent Draco Malfoy time to answer in kind. He ran his hand through his hair for the fifth time in a period of ten minutes and sighed. He'd never known Granger to not be punctual, and if they were minutes away from missing the train. The two Gryffindors that had passed him must have been the last of the bunch to head out from their common room. He sighed again. "Granger, come on! We're…" he let out a low groan. "We've now missed the train. And you know how—" "Calm down, you prat," she said from the other side of the portrait. The Fat Lady had been eyeing him suspiciously for the last few minutes and he hadn't even attempted to enter. She swung open, nearly hitting Draco as he stumbled back, and Hermione stepped out of the portrait hole. Red fabric swished around her legs, and he remembered instantly the soft feeling of that dress under his hands as he shoved her up against a wall, sliding up and down her waist and her— "Damn you, Granger," he sighed, and she smiled and winked at him laughingly. "What? We're going Holiday shopping, I needed something festive to wear. Like red." He narrowed his eyes at her and made a grab for her arm to pull her to him, but she dodged his hand. "Come on, we don't want to be late!" She began to walk towards a somewhat stable staircase. "Granger, we've missed the train already." "We have. Follow me." "Why don't we just stay in?" He followed her anyways, quickening his steps to fall next to her. "I wouldn't exactly mind." "And miss out on Hogsmeade? Never." "I've told you, we missed the—" "I know, now follow me." She looked at him, raising her eyebrows, a gesture he found her to do most often. "Do you trust me?" "Perhaps." He smiled at her as she scoffed and led him down three flights of stairs and through several hallways before they ended in front of a statue. "Follow me, and stay quiet." She slipped behind something and disappeared, and for a moment Draco stood, stunned, until a hand reached out and pulled him behind the statue. Draco let out a muffled laugh. "If this was your plan, Granger, you could have just told me instead of sneaking around." "Merlin, just follow me," she said, and pulled him forward once again. He braced himself to hit the wall behind the statue, but he never did, and when he opened his eyes again he found himself in a cavern lit with what he presumed to be magic torches. "Where the fuck did you take me?" he asked, and Hermione laughed, squeezing his hand. "Harry found this years ago, and it's the best way to sneak into Hogsmeade. He made me promise I wouldn't show anyone else, but…" she looked into his eyes and the flame from the wall cast shadows on her face. "I guess I couldn't help myself." Draco groaned as she stepped out of his grasp once again, his stomach clenching at her words. "Granger, why…" "Come on, Malfoy." He followed close behind her, staring at the way the dress seemed shorter than it had before—much more thigh was visible, and he could hardly take his eyes off her exposed skin. The trip was a remarkably short one, and soon she had removed a block from the ceiling and was crawling through it, beckoning for him to follow. She covered their tracks and they raced out the door, and he watched her laugh in amazement. "I didn't know you enjoyed breaking the rules so much," he panted as she dragged him down the small cobblestone road. The snow had made the road slick, and he was careful not to let Hermione fall. Or, that's why he told himself his grip on her was so tight. "I never really do this," she laughed, and looked up at him. Her eyes twinkled, and he felt his chest almost explode. She reached up to smooth his ruffled blonde hair, lingering on his temples and near his ears. "I know." His voice was nearly a whisper, and he was almost unaware that they had stopped in the middle of the street. Her hands splayed down his jacket, down his chest, and around his waist so she was hugging him to her. Even through his coat, he felt the burn of her touch all over him, heating his stomach. "Kiss me," she said, and he did—a chaste, sweet kiss on her mouth that he felt her smile under. This was why he held back, he told himself. This sort of gentleness and simplicity, that was what she wanted—"No, Draco." She laughed. "Not like that." The next thing he knew, they were behind a brick outcropping on a building and Draco had pulled her sleeve off her shoulder and was kissing her neck, shuddering at the hitched breaths in his ear from the girl in the red dress before him. His mouth was back on hers, fervent, and her hands had made their way under his coat and were rubbing paths of fire over his shoulders and chest. She whispered his name and he almost lost the small bit of control he still had, but he realized her hands were pushing his chest back, and he broke their kiss. "Draco," she whispered again, panting and smiling at him. "As much as I don't want to stop, I promised Harry and Ginny we'd have butterbeer with them." She smiled again and kissed his lips. "Let's go, before we both can't stop." Oh, how he wanted that so much more than butterbeer.