once." Draco's glass cracks in his hand and he scowls at it before wiping his hand clean on his trousers. "Do you know who is watching you?" he asks, his voice cold as ice. He can't believe her friends. He knows damn well that she had been the sole reason they had survived the war, her instincts being sharpened by it beyond measure. It made sense that she saw what they didn't. He doesn't even consider the possibility that she is imagining it, not after he saw her withstand his aunt. "An ex," she whispers, her head bowed in shame and Draco wants to throw something against the wall. He had been a lot of things in his life, most of them bad, and had done so many unforgivable deeds, but he would never dare to hurt a woman like that. His mother had seen to that. "What's his name?" he hisses and Hermione looks at him. "I won't tell you," she says firmly and Draco pinches the back of his nose. It seems Hermione has guessed that he would go after the man the second she told him. "Fine," he mutters. "But if you know he is there, you come to me." "No," Hermione says flatly and Draco can't believe her pride. But on the other hand, Pansy had been the same before the incident happened. 16.12.2002 00:00 They are disturbed by Ron's return and Draco stops talking. Ron looks between them and motions to Harry to follow him outside. Draco watches them talk animatedly through the glass. Ron says something that makes Harry grimace and he leaves. Ron looks after him for a moment before walking back into the interrogation room. "Malfoy," he mutters and sits down. "Weasley," Draco replies and they stare each other. "No matter what you told him, I don't believe you," Ron says finally and Draco frowns. "Like you didn't believe her?" he hisses and Ron's ears turn red. "Shut up!" he shouts and Draco leans back into his chair, smirking. "I bet you make an excellent Auror," he drawls and Ron's hands begin to tremble with rage ever so slightly. It had always been too easy to rile him up. Draco wonders how much more it would take to make him explode and be removed from his presence, when he gets an idea. "How long did you date?" Draco asks nonchalantly and Ron frowns. "None of your business," he says. "I was always wondering if it was you, who took her virginity. She wouldn't tell me, you know," Draco drawls and watches with amusement as Ron's face turns redder and redder. "Was it you who taught her to kneel at one's feet and beg for things she didn't want? Was it you? Was it you who told her that her brain was worthless without good looks and sexual favours?" Ron jumps up and slams his hands onto the table, knocking over the chair in the process. "Don't you dare talk about her like that!" he shouts and Draco looks at him blankly. "So it was that bastard," he says calmly, but is raging inside. He doesn't know yet what he will do if he ever gets his hands on that damned man, but it won't be nice. "Explains quite a lot. He used her, he manipulated her, and he isn't willing to let her go." Ron blinks a few times before sinking back into the other chair. "What are you talking about?" he asks. "Her ex," Draco says. "She never told me his name and I didn't manage to find out. But from what I gathered, he was the manipulative sort. Started like a really nice guy who didn't care she was a heroine and muggleborn and then tried to break her. Luckily, Hermione managed to see it and left him. He started stalking her afterwards, trying to make her break and return to him." Ron stares at Draco, horror written all over his face. "What's his name?" Draco asks. "Tell me his name so I can take care of this mess!" Ron swallows. "I still don't believe you," he says, but his voice is shaking and Draco's shoulders sack. He had been trying to get the name out of Hermione for years now and even her friends aren't willing to share it. "Then at least go after him," Draco demands, not caring how desperate he sounds. He had planned this whole thing to finally solve the issue, but it is not going like he had hoped. "Does he know where Hermione is?" Ron asks and Draco shakes his head. "But you do," Ron exclaims in victory and Draco grimaces. "I don't. I simply doubt he will be able to find her if neither the Ministry nor me managed it." Ron glares at him and is about to say something when the door opens again and Harry enters. "Did he tell you anything?" he asks and Ron hesitates for a split second before shaking his head. Harry sighs and runs a hand through his hair. He glances at Draco, who is deliberately staring back, and at the chair that is still lying in the corner of the room. "Maybe we should end it for today," he says. "But we are not letting you go," he turns to Draco and motions for him to stand. Draco obliges and follows Harry down the corridor leading to the cells where the suspects are held while the investigation continues. Draco knows these cells well and braces himself before entering. He had hoped to never see them again, but he is willing to spend a night there if it means helping Hermione. They leave and Draco lies down. It's not like he has anything better to do and it is late. He lies there with his eyes open for a long while, thinking about Hermione, before he falls into a restless sleep. He dreams of blood and screams, the woman he loves in the centre of it all.