his entire staff detained. An MDPG Counterintelligence and Curse Breaking unit was swiftly vetted and began sweeping the entire floor. Ladon Greengrass, Undersecretary to the Minister for Magic, watched the proceedings with a disinterested air that fooled very few. He was as keenly interested in the kerfuffle as anyone else. Tall, slender and upright with aristocratic features and white hair, Ladon Greengrass never needed to posture; he knew he was better than all others. He watched impassively as an MDPG officer entered the holding cells where the Minister's staff had been detained and approached. "Undersecretary Greengrass, please follow me." Greengrass gave a minute nod of acknowledgment and followed the officer. He was led through the DMLE to a small, austere room containing two chairs, a small table, and the Director of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Madam Amelia Bones. She gestured to the unoccupied chair, and Greengrass sat opposite her. "You will place your hand on the oathstone and make this oath," she directed, pushing a piece of parchment towards him. Greengrass raised a skeptical eyebrow. "And if I do not?" "Then you'll be arrested and charged with Conspiracy to Commit Treason Against Her Majesty's Lawful Magical Government," she replied, matching his raised eyebrow. Greengrass snorted, "You'll never make that stick." "Probably not," she answered cheerfully, "but I've probable cause to make the arrest and charge if you don't swear the oath." Greengrass shook his head and read over the oath before placing his hand on the stone, "I, Ladon Altais of the House of Greengrass, do hereby swear that I have not, by potion or by spell, attempted to influence the Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge, as of this fifth day of July in the Common Era." The oathstone under his hand flashed blue. "Sufficient?" he inquired. Amelia nodded once in response. "Now, what the devil is going on, Director?" Greengrass demanded. "As of this moment, you are the Acting Minister for Magic of the Greater Kingdom of Britain under Her Majesty Elizabeth II," Amelia answered. Greengrass' social mask slipped enough as he gaped at her. "But… how !? I'm fourth in line. I'm behind you, for Maeve's sake!" "Fudge is in St. Mungo's VIP ward with long-term curse exposure," she said. "Umbridge declined to take the oath and is currently under arrest. As there's a criminal investigation being run on the Office of the Minister for Magic, I'm automatically removed as a candidate for Acting Minister. Crouch declined because he doesn't have a subordinate he can hand his office to. That puts you at the top of the list, pending confirmation by the House of Magi." Amelia waited while Greengrass composed himself. When he nodded at her, she started at the beginning of the investigation and brought him up to the present. "The actual Office is closed and still being swept by the MDPG," she continued. "As of thirty minutes ago, they've discovered three unauthorized monitoring charms in Fudge's personal office, two auditory and one linked to his blotter. They've discovered three unknown dark artifacts in Umbridge's office that they're calling 'Blood Quills'. You need to be cleared by a trustworthy healer, and then we'll convene the House of Magi and brief them." SHAKEUP AT OFFICE OF THE MINISTER FOR MAGIC Daily Prophet - 8 June 1993 LONDON - The Ministry of Magic in Great Britain is in upheaval today as investigations continue into the workings of the Office of the Minister for Magic. Beginning in May, the Department of Magical Law Enforcement initiated an investigation based on evidence given by Miranda Fudge, wife of the sitting Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge. "I wanted my husband to quit," says Mrs. Fudge. "The job of Minister for Magic seemed to be adversely affecting his health. I was so worried." But it wasn't that job that was at issue. Director of Magical Law Enforcement Amelia Bones says, "When [Mrs. Fudge] came to speak with me, she was just venting her frustrations. But I heard enough, given her intimate relationship with the Minister, to warrant further investigation." Minister Fudge was found by healers to be under long term Confudus , Befuddlement , Wit-Dulling , and Will-Weakening curses. Expert medical testimony suggests that he's been under the curses' influence since shortly after he took office. "It's a bit of a nightmare for the office," says Acting Minister for Magic Ladon Greengrass. "We're having to go back over every decision [Minister Fudge]'s made since he took office, and try to work out whether they're legitimate or influenced by others." Chief Warlock Albus Dumbledore reports feeling relieved at the news. "Though I did not think him the best choice for Minister, Cornelius remains my friend. I worried for him as I saw his choices become more erratic. Though I'm not glad he was cursed, I AM glad he was not faltering of his own will." Lucius Malfoy was arrested today. No charges have yet been filed publicly, but sources within the DMLE report that the curses which were affecting Minister Fudge were worked into the minister's office chair. The office chair was duly registered as a traditional Malfoy gift to a rising Minister or Sovereign. Former Healer Jason Cantor was arrested in conjunction with the minister's cursing, and has pled guilty to Medical Malfeasance. The Healer's Licensing Board has stripped Cantor of his title of healer and his right to practice medicine. Cantor awaits sentencing. 10 June 1993 - Fudge Estate - Gingerbread House Miranda Fudge straightened at the gentle whoosh of an activating floo. She turned, and saw her husband wringing his ridiculous hat. "Miranda, I…" he began. Miranda flew at him, and wrapped him in a tight embrace, smiling through happy tears. "Oh, Cornelius… "Welcome home." A/N : Casting: Amelia Bones - Jodie Foster Ladon Greengrass - Christopher Lee Cornelius Fudge - Ioan Gruffudd Miranda Fudge - Anna Paquin Wilson Rogers - Colm Meaney Vincent Meyers - John Malkovich (Why, yes, I watched Con Air recently...) Lugh Fitheach - Vin Diesel