Hermione, as she turned her heel, walking down the aisle, I saw her bushy hair bouncing behind her. I couldn't help but think her and my Gran would get along just fine, they were both really bossy. But, I did as I was told, and looked around for my pet. It felt like an hour after I had asked some of the kids if they have seen Trevor or not, a lot of them once again made fun of or just ignored me. By the time I reached the last compartment in back of the train, I knew it was hopeless. I figured I was going to spend the remainder of my time at Hogwarts without my pet or any friends. When I couldn't see or find Hermione, I checked her compartment, which was empty, and I trudged back to mine without seeing if anyone else was there, opened the door, went in, and closed it. "Hello". I was shocked to hear a voice behind me, especially since I thought I was alone. Expecting to see Hermione or even Ernie. But no, it wasn't either of them. It was a girl my age. She was wearing a dark blue long sleeved shirt, black jeans, and black shoes. She had short, black hair that was slightly curly and untidy, but still civil. She had a small build, yet seemed to be as tall as I was. Why was everyone skinnier than me? "Sorry if you were here first, I've been looking for a compartment this whole time, but nobody would let me sit with them. You don't mind, right?". Her dark brown eyes made me nervous to look at her, and with her not taking her eyes off me, it caused me to continue to look around the compartment. "I'll take that silence as a yes", she said, cheerfully. I noticed she put her trunk on the opposite side of the wall, along with her caged, light brown owl, who also wouldn't stop staring at me. "Oh, that's Norman", she said when she saw me looking at him. "I bought him in Diagon Alley. He wasn't too fond of me at first, but he getting used to me. Did you want to pet him?", she asked, beginning to stand on the seat to take him down. I shook my head no and sat down on the seat opposite of her, shoving the pet carrier under the seat. She shrugged her shoulders and sat back down. I looked out the window. I knew she continued to gaze at me, which was making me uncomfortable. "So, what House do you think you'll get sorted into?", she asked kindly. "I, I haven't thought about it", I confessed. I honestly haven't. "Me either. I mean, If I had to guess, maybe Gryffindor? I'm kind of brave, well, if that doesn't include my fear of mice. Because in that case, if I ever see one, expect me on top of a table screaming at the top of my lungs", she giggled. That surprisingly made me smile; imagining that happening. She began digging into her pocket and pulled out a small paper bag. She picked out small brown pieces that were shaped in a very odd way. "Want some?", she asked me, this time I looked at her, and noticed she was smiling. "What are they?", I asked, reaching my hand out and watched her put four of the small treats onto my palm. "It's just chocolate my Mum got from the Muggle world. It melts really fast, so eat them now!", she said. I put one into my mouth, and realized it tasted the same as a Chocolate Frog did. With that, I quick ate the other three. She ate her four, and stuffed her bag into her pocket. "They were good", I told her, she nodded. "I know. I was going to wait for the Candy Lady to come by, but she's taking forever. If you want anymore let me know". "So, you went to the Muggle world?", I asked. "Yeah, my Father was a Muggle. He, um, he died when I was seven", her voice changed from happy to sad, along with her expression. I sort of knew how she felt, thinking about my parents made me upset, too. I was a bit uncomfortable, mostly because I wasn't sure how to comfort her. "I'm sorry". Her face changed, and she was smiling again. "Its okay. I don't think about it too much, just because I don't want to be sad. Being sad is like a really bad dream; it lasts for a while, but when it's over, you'll always find a way to make yourself feel better", she smiled. I found myself smiling as well, and in no time at all, she was back to her happy self. "Wow, I'm sorry, here we are talking, and I haven't even told you my name. I'm Sarah Joyce Kennett", she said, holding her hand out, wanting me to shake it. "I'm Neville Franklin Longbottom", shaking her hand, I figured she was going to make fun of my last name, as most people did. But she kept smiling, and let go of my hand. "Nice to meet you, Neville", she said, still staring at me. I smiled at her, too, feeling myself relax for the first time since I left my house. "You too". For the rest of the train ride, we began talking about Hogwarts, Quidditch, and about ourselves. The candy lady came by, and we both got Chocolate Frogs. We ate the frog, but what we really wanted were the cards inside. We both got our soon to be Headmaster Dumbledore on both of them. When night came, the two of us drifted off to sleep. We were jolted awake by the screeching of both Norman and the train as it stopped. It was then that we knew we had arrived. I hope you guys enjoyed it, so far! Don't forget to leave a review!