out of going," he says quickly, like he's in a hurry. "Do you want to go with me?" She squeals. "I would love to!" She continues, knowing she can always take it back if she goes too far. "I've been waiting for you to ask me for a dance ever since the Yule Ball, to be honest." Harry snorts at that. "That was a bloody dreadful night, count yourself lucky. Parvati still hasn't forgiven me." That answers that question this time through, at any rate. "Why didn't you ask me... or Hermione?" she adds, feigning nonchalance. Damned if she's throwing Weasley's name in the ring as an alternative, though. Harry shrugs. "I was just panicking over it to be honest, and then I got it in my head that I really wanted to go with Cho... which obviously didn't work out." "To be honest, a few girls did ask me first but, I dunno – I didn't know them. If you or Hermione had asked me, I probably would have been so relieved I would have said yes." "Even though I was only a second year?" She asks, and she's proud at how she manages to keep her voice even. "Well, you're only a year younger than I am, pretty much," he says. And isn't that a joke. "A second year did ask me but that wasn't why I said no. Like I said, you and Hermione are friends." She stays long enough to attend the Professor Slughorn's party, because after all this time she's not going to miss out on that. "Harry, there you are!" "Wha- Oh. Hi, Vane." Harry replies, visibly deep in unhappy thoughts. "So, we just heard about the Yule Ball," Romilda begins, stepping in front of Harry. "And..." She hops a little on her feet, and it's not entirely rehearsed. She knows from experience that every time has its quirks, and just because Harry said he would have said yes, two years down the road, doesn't mean he will. "Harry? Are you listening? I asked if you wouldn't mind taking me to the ball. It would be fun." He pauses, looking a bit shocked, and even though she can either ask him again or never ask him in the first place she holds her breath, bracing for his response. "Yeah," he says at last, sounding like he's been relieved of a great burden. He smiles slightly. "I'd like that." "Me too," she sings, and she gives him a hug and before he can respond, she pecks his cheek. In a flash of brilliance, she sends Weasley an anonymous note that Granger is waiting for him to ask her to the Ball. The first time she times it too late and the fireworks are spectacular , but even when she acts before Krum it takes a half-dozen attempts before it gets through Weasley's head. Chang is still in the DA, but she's just another member. She's not even the slightest bit ashamed when she steals an idea from Granger and enchants a sickle and manages to sneak it into Weasley's robes when she 'trips' while they're practicing the jelly-legs jinx. "Harry, do you have a minute?" "You guys go ahead, I'll catch up in a bit." "Right – Romilda, what do you –" She doesn't say anything, just jumps into his arms and wraps her own around his neck and snogs him. Those beautiful green eyes widen in shock. Then he's snogging her back. "Good on you, mate!... How was it?" Romilda has the curtains closed to her bed in the Slytherin dormitories, but their voices come loud and clear through the sickle, even though they're up in Gryffindor Tower and she's all the way down in the dungeons. "Brilliant." He breaks up with her twenty-two times at Dumbledore's funeral, but in the end she gets it right. Sure, Weasley managed to patch it up after the fact, but she's not willing to take the chance. "Can I join you?" She looks up where Harry stands at the door, green eyes sparkling with just a hint of mischief that makes her feel all warm inside. "If you like," she replies, smile beaming and eyes begging him to hold her. There's lots of very satisfying moments, but nothing like snogging the living daylights out of Harry Potter in front of the whole school while Weasley watches on looking like she's been forced to swallow broken glass. "You know," Harry says as he sits down heavily in an otherwise unused classroom, too tired to try the Summoning Spell one more time. "Sometimes I think you're a Slytherin who should have been in Gryffindor." She laughs at that, because it really is funny. "You have no idea," she says. "Oh, I think I do," he quips, and she looks at him, eyes narrowed. "Keep it a secret," he says, voice quiet as she leans in, eager to having him confide a secret. "But I'm a Gryffindor who's supposed to be in Slytherin." She giggles at that, though the summer after Sirius dies he tells her the full story and she understands. "Can I join you?" She doesn't have to say it, but it's become something of a habit. Harry just scoots over and she sits down, leaning into him as his arm pulls her close and then settles into the small of her back. She folds her legs up on the seat and looks up at him through a curtain of black hair, her eyes big and his smile just for her as she cuddles closer, content. Just before Slughorn takes Harry and Longbottom away, she pulls out her Witch Weekly, and turns to a random page. "Question," she says, at least making a show of including Longbottom and Lovegood but she's looking nowhere but Harry. "What are your three favorite smells," she pretends to read. Harry thinks for a minute. "Treacle tart. Freshly cleaned brooms. Hot Chocolate." It doesn't take Romilda nineteen years to know that she's won.