what he said, his voice hushed but full of sorrow. "But, none of that, for now." He said after a moment before she could even offer words of comfort, trite though they may have been. "When I first began to shape the wand, I reflected much on family – and how mine had been taken from me. But as I worked, I found a new source of hope – that I might one day have a son who on the day of his own oaths to the heritage of Merlin and on Magic Itself, would take this wand. A son by a witch who I have watched with growing fondness for the past three years – one who never fluttered in the winds of fortune. I will send a note to your father, expressing my gravest apologies for my error and ask if he might see fit to send his letter once more." He squeezed her hand, where she had been so entranced she had almost forgot he was still holding her gently in her lap. She gasped. She had not been prepared for this! She had prepared her heart and mind for stoicism in the face of catastrophe. Not for, not for... She opened her mouth to respond – but of course, nothing came out. The magic of Morgana would not allow her at her tender age to say anything so foolish as to swear her love to a boy, even a hero, even a gentleman as kind and honorable as Lord Potter, whose eyes now held nothing but steadfast affection. Not while no betrothal had yet been arranged, no rites of Magic had been exchanged. She could scream – no, worse – she could hex the entire Ravenclaw House, such was her pique at being denied at what should have been a moment of rapturous joy. Irrationally, perhaps, but panic began to set it – what if he took her silence for denial, that he thought she had come to see him merely to assuage her own vanity and pride, and cared little for the arrangement itself? She would later, reading her father's stern letter – (though he would never humiliate her publicly with something so base as a Howler, thank Magic!) with a calm mind and a heart no longer racing like a frightened thestral – admit that it had been an utterly foolish thing to do, something she would one day berate her own children for even considering , let alone acting as if a naïve muggleborn maiden caught in the thrall of the rankest love potion. She kissed him, pouring the maelstrom of emotions running wild through her into her magic and into her Maiden's Kiss – the first kiss of a maiden, willingly given, and Magic's one allowance to young witches that they might show themselves capable of prudence in the thrall of love. She could never say if it were some effect of Magic or her own imagination – or mayhap some combination of the two – but the roaring in her ears became an angelic symphony and the stars themselves, now dotting the night sky seemed to flare and dance, even though she swore her own eyes were closed. She felt his magic wrap itself around her, passionate, yes, but protective and comforting at the same time. A tendril of her own touched his, and she summoned her feeling of affection, all the joy she had taken watching his successes from afar and concern at his hardships, her scorn for those that slandered him and sorrow that she were not able to stand in public by his side. She begged Magic to let him understand that it was he she wished to bind herself to through betrothal and the Oaths, not some high and mighty public image or fancy name, as if he were the peer of Gilderoy Lockhart, the foppish rake it had been her fortune to avoid from her sister's telling. So lost was she for a moment in their intermingling magic that it did not register that he had stood up, pulling her gently with him, strong arms holding her as possessively as his magic as he moved closer and returned her kiss and – her eyes jolted open, wide in shock. The Imprint . Perhaps less important and thus only a minor magical blessing when held in comparison to the Maiden's Kiss ; but nonetheless, for Lord Potter to share this with her ! "I am sorry I did not, but surely, that is-" her mouth outraced her mind by a thousand paces, and she took a deep breath, calming herself as much as she could, given the eve's whirlwind of events. "You gave me your I mprint, " she said at last, and even now she could feel a trace of his magic surrounding her, protecting her. And she most certainly sounded like an adoring pureborn lady who nonetheless knew her own worth, and not like a waif gifted some shiny trinket! "Yes," he replied, his voice dry even as his eyes danced. "And you gave me your Maiden's Kiss ." "I would give it to no other," she said, quick and breathless and sincere. "But I had thought, that is to say that... Cho and Ginevra-" "Chang and Weasley are friends," he cut her off. "And though I confess at times I considered... seeking more than that, I never have." Magic help her but she did not swoon. "I must change," he gestured to his quidditch robes. "But perhaps you will join me at Gryffindor table this evening? You would be well received." She gave him a small smile and bowed her head slightly. "It would be a pleasure, Lord Potter." He chuckled, mounting his broomstick once more. "Surely now, you can call me, 'Harry', no?" "No, Lord Potter," she replied, voice tinkling as he departed. "But soon," she sighed as she turned around and all but skipped back towards the warmth of the castle below.