her to release yet again before he came himself. Thoroughly satiated, she felt thoroughly relaxed and high, even. They lay on the bed a few minutes before she realized she should get going. She hurriedly got dressed and apparated to a hidden corner by the muggle tavern. "Sorry I'm late," she said, beaming. Ginny, Harry, and Ron stopped their conversation mid-sentence and stared. "Wow," Ginny said. "Is something wrong?" Hermione said. Ginny looked around to make sure no muggles were looking and conjured a mirror. Her hair was a bushy mess, her lips were swollen and bruised, her cheeks were flushed, and she couldn't seem to wipe off the grin from her face. She braided her hair. "He could've told me before he let me leave the house…" she muttered under her breath. "I can't tell if he didn't notice or was trying to mess with you lot." "Probably the second but if you'd ask him, plead the former," Ginny said. "So other than some hot shagging, how are things between you two? Last I saw you, you were in a coma." "We're fine… been moving into our new home, getting the nursery ready. Reading and chatting in the evenings," Hermione said. "New home? I thought he lived at Riddle Manor in Little Hangleton," Harry said, after the waiter dropped off their plates. "He did. I didn't like seeing the graveyard from my house though…didn't want to be reminded of the past everyday. He sold it and bought our new home. It's nicer – much more modern, more light and space," Hermione said. She cut into her steak and kidney pie and took a bite. "Where do you live now?" Ginny asked, dumping ketchup on her fish and chips. "Ilkley – nice wizarding neighborhood in West Yorkshire. Nice modern stone house with big windows…Severus and Tonks live down the street and Lucius and Narcissa are in their mansion a few blocks down. They stopped by to visit the other day, brought some things for the baby," Hermione said. Ron made a face. "Ugh. She's getting all cozy with Snape and the Malfoys." "They're nice to me," Hermione said. "Well not Draco, but his parents at least. And Severus and I have been friends for awhile now. They're… they're really not that bad." Harry guffawed. "Not that bad?" Ron said thickly, through a mouthful of doorstep sandwich. You're good mates with all the Death Eaters now, are you?" "Not all of them. Rodolphus is out for revenge and is after me, apparently," Hermione said into her glass. "Now you tell us?!" Harry said, looking around wildly. "We should be fine here… it's a muggle establishment," Ginny said. She frowned at her chips and sprinkled salt on them. Just as they were finishing lunch, one of the windows shattered. The lights went dark. One of the waitresses screamed. Rodolphus hobbled out from the kitchen, throwing spells everywhere. The cook shouted and tried to knock him out with a frying pan, but Rodolphus hit him with a curse and sent him flying off his feet. He hit the back wall and fell to the floor unconscious. Patrons and waiters ran screaming out of the diner. Rodolphus threw curses and hexes at their backs, hitting a few who screamed or fell to the ground. He staggered towards the four of them. He had a shark-like grin on his gaunt face when he spotted Hermione. Harry had already drawn his wand and deflected Rodolphus's curses. Ginny was not far behind. She threw up a shield charm. Harry threw Sectumsempra at him but Rodolphus dodged it. Ron cast the Stupefy hex. Rodolphus deflected it and Ron had to dodge his own spell. Ginny sent her Bat Bogey Hex towards him, just as Hermione conjured her bluebell fire and threw it in Rodolphus's direction. "Get her out of here! Take her home!" Harry growled and Ron disapparated with her. Harry raised his wand to continue dueling Rodolphus, but he disapparated as well. "Damnit," Harry said under his breath. Ginny left some pounds on the table to pay the bill. "Oh, she left her handbag," Ginny said, and grabbed it off the table. "Guess we should return it..." her voice faltered. "Ikley it is then, near the Snapes. Great," Harry said, grabbed her arm. They apparated into a quiet, grassy neighborhood with big homes. "So Snape and Tonks just moved a couple months ago into that one over there with the addition…probably for his lab. Let's see, down the street, modern stone house with big windows…. These are older…" "Look! That one's for sale!" Ginny said excitedly, pointing at a house on the corner. "I don't want the Malfoys, Snape, and Voldemort for neighbors," Harry said flatly. "Do you think it's that one?" she asked, pointing at a stone-facade house with the aforementioned big windows and nice landscaping. Even if it's not, we could ask them..." They looked at each other, walked up the sidewalk, and Harry knocked. "Let's just leave it here," Ginny said. Her heart was racing. I hope she answers the door. Harry squeezed her hand. "If Rodolphus is out for her, I want to make sure she got home safe," Harry said. Voldemort answered the door, scowling down at them. Ginny squeaked. Drat. She cleared her throat. "Is…is Hermione here? She left this…" She gave the handbag to Voldemort, who raised an eyebrow and placed it on a table in the foyer. "I thought she was with you," he said, frowning. "She was. Rodolphus found us and I told Ron to take her home. Ron disapparated with her," Harry said. "I wonder if he took her back to his home – to the Burrow?" Ginny said. He still likes her… oh no... "Damn it," Harry said, and clapped a hand to his forehead. "Bloody prat probably thinks he's rescuing her." Voldemort sneered and disapparated. "Mum's going to freak out when he shows up," Ginny said. She took Harry's hand and apparated to the Burrow.