throat and the Harry in her ass fucked her like they were trying to let their cocks meet somewhere in the middle. The rough treatment was still driving her nuts, but it didn't prepare her for what they did next. Motioning for the Harrys in her her mouth and hands to back away, the Harry in her ass, pulled her up and held her flush against him, still buried to the hilt inside her. He lazily fingered her sopping pussy as he did so. The Harry who had been worshiping her breasts then rose and walked over. "What are you…?" Ginny paused and her eyes widened as realization hit her. "Harry I don't know if that'll work," she mumbled weakly. "Only one way to find out," the Harry in front of her murmured before lining himself up with her pussy. He thrust forward and groaned aloud. "Fuck she's even tighter like this," he moaned. Ginny's eyes went wide as saucers as a sensation unlike anything she'd ever felt overwhelmed her. "So much...so big...so full," she babbled. The two Harrys teased her hips and breasts respectively and kept going until finally they were buried fully inside her. They nuzzled her neck and teased her pulse points in unison as she got used to the sensation of being filled to the absolute limit. Two ten inch horse cocks were buried inside her, separated only by the thin membrane between her pussy and ass. Every millimeter of her was stimulated beyond anything she'd ever imagined. They could feel one another on the other side and knew their hearts were hammering in unison. "Go," Ginny moaned. Working up a usable rhythm, the pair started fucking the daylights out of her, moving in alternating hard thrusts so that she was never without a massive cock inside her. Within minutes the double stuffed ginger vixen came, screaming like she was on fire and writhing in the four strong arms of her lovers. The other four Harrys watched the display with undisguised lust, openly stroking their cocks for her to see. Ginny came and came again as a seemingly never ending string of orgasms crashed over her. Her last thought before her mind broke under the strain of her overwhelming pleasure was a question of whether or not orgasms can kill a woman. After a while the Harrys inside her starting thrusting in unison, filling her completely every time and came in unison. After they pulled out, two more took their place and quickly stuffed her gaping, cum sodden holes full of more cock. They positioned her down more so she could take yet another cock in her throat. From there the gang-bang lost any sense of restraint or decorum. Ginny was fucked constantly, three cocks at a time as the Harrys switched off in trios to continue bringing the lust consumed woman ever more pleasure. She lost track of time, her orgasms and reality itself as her mind was claimed by her endless ecstasy. She moaned, screamed and grunted around a variety of cocks as one never ending series of orgasms ripped through her body. Three hours after they began, the six men finally collapsed asleep in the enlarged bed. The last two to have her held her as they fell asleep and her limp, exhausted form instinctively wrapped around one while the other spooned her. When Ginny woke the next morning, the first thing she became aware of was the fact that she was alone with Harry. For a moment she wondered if that might have simply been the wettest wet dream of her life until just how sore she was registered. "Arrgh," she groaned, her voice raspy "where are the others?" The Harry she was snuggling with rubbed her back and replied "rock paper scissors determined that I would get to enjoy Ginny cuddles while the others prepared your day." "My day?" she asked "Breakfast in bed, a thorough shower with the six of us cleaning you, a relaxing herbal bath and finally a full body massage will make up the morning. We decided to give you a full day of pampering since we figured you'd be really sore." "You weren't wrong" Ginny groaned "I feel like I took on a herd of horses. I guess I kinda did." "Doubt any of us would mind that comparison," Harry chuckled. "Is she up?" another Harry whispered from the doorway. "Yes," the Harry with her replied. "Here are the pain potions," the other Harry said, handing her a couple vials of blue liquid. She drank them down greedily and sighed in contentment as they took effect immediately. "I'm gonna go help bring breakfast," the Harry cuddling with her said "I'll be right back." She kissed their cheeks and watched the pair of them leave. Getting up, she limped over to her full length mirror and gasped at the sight. Every inch of her was covered in dry semen, from her head to her toes. Her red hair was matted to her back with it and it was slightly obscuring the obvious love marks on her neck and chest. She supposed she shouldn't be surprised, she did after all allow six men who came like fire hoses do whatever they wanted to her and loved every second of it. Semen matted the neat triangle of red curls on her mound even more so and looking there, she noticed that her pussy was still gaping slightly and clearly bruised. "Eh," she shrugged "that's what I have magic for." With a self satisfied grin she lay back down on the bed and awaited her day of pampering at the hands of her harem of Harrys. Twelve large, strong hands which would soon be massaging every inch of her body. "I'm the luckiest woman on Earth," she said to herself with a grin. Authors Note: I'll likely write another chapter for this. Let me know if you think Ginny should keep her harem to herself or share with her friends.