Dumbledore's desk. Portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses, many of them snoozing, lined the wall behind the large desk. It was just like when he had visited earlier in the school year, except now Harry's spirits were in far better shape. Then he looked at one of the chairs in front of Dumbledore's desk and saw Tom Riddle sitting in one, still dressed in her Slytherin robes, her eyes glaring at him. The atmosphere chilled considerably, even with the warm cheeriness of Dumbledore's office. Dumbledore gestured for Harry to sit, and he acquiesced, gingerly sitting down beside Riddle. Despite the hate-filled glare, she sat still in her chair, hands crossed over her lap and her posture impeccable. Dumbledore went around to his own chair. "Sherbet lemon?" he offered, looking at both Harry and Riddle. The former shook his head, and the latter simply stared at the bowl as if to catch it on fire. Dumbledore shrugged, peeled the wrapper off one, and popped it into his mouth, a smile of delight appearing on his face when he tasted the sweet. "Uh, professor, what is Riddle doing here?" Harry warily asked. Dumbledore sucked on his sweet for a few more seconds before responding. "I'm glad you asked, Harry. Tom here has agreed to an Unbreakable Vow with me – an Unbreakable Vow is simply that, unbreakable, and to break it means death. Now, she cannot harm either of us or anyone else I've set, and will now work to our ultimate cause of defeating Voldemort. I will personally be dealing with her on this issue, so you need not worry about it." Harry, with wide eyes, glanced at Riddle, who had a look of annoyance as she turned to examine one of the portraits on the wall. "Now, Harry," Dumbledore continued, "could you please hand over the diary?" Harry quickly nodded, and brought up the diary from his pocket, handing it to the headmaster. He examined it, and closed his eyes solemnly for a few seconds. "Professor?" Harry cautiously asked. "I must explain some of this to you, though not all – you are still too young for the specifics. Needless to say, Tom here, in her youthful foolishness," this earned a glare from Riddle, "split her soul in twain, leaving part of it to inhabit this diary. That is how she is here now, in this form. Her plan was to use Miss Weasley's magical core to bring this soul piece into corporeal existence, thereby effectively creating a second Tom Riddle. Now, seeing as how Miss Weasley is not dead, a second set of events must have occurred. On the night of Voldemort's attack, eleven years ago, she fired a killing curse at you. We all know that it failed and rebounded, but I hypothesize that in addition to the rebound, a fragment of her soul went into you." At this, Harry looked startled. A piece of Voldemort inhabited him? Does that mean he was being possessed? "To allay your fears, it seems that you overpowered this inadvertently created soul fragment of Voldemort's, and thus it remained dormant. That is, until today. Did you, by any chance, magically connect or physically touch in the Chamber?" Harry thought about it, before remembering his lunge for the diary and the blue aura that followed. "Yes, professor. I jumped at Riddle, and when we connected, we were surrounded by a blue aura that blew us apart from each other," Harry replied. Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "That must've been it, then. The soul fragment in you must've been awoken and moved to merge with the one in the diary." Dumbledore checked the time with a wave of his wand. "Oh my, it is getting late. You should clean up and head down to the feast, Harry. I will be there momentarily." Harry nodded, stood up, and with a single glance again to the sitting Riddle and the headmaster, left the circular office. "Tom," the headmaster began, tiredness creeping into his voice, "you know I value second chances, and this may very well be your only opportunity. More than just your soul fragments merging, given that Miss Weasley's magical core has been nearly completely depleted, parts of her soul could have very well been imprinted on yours." Finally, Riddle spoke. "What do you mean, imprinted?" "Things like emotions, feelings, and other characteristics might have been transferred, and although none of it is likely to override your own, they may change the way you react to events." Riddle looked a bit perturbed at the thought of her personality changing as a result of resurrection. "This is why I say this may be your only second chance. You have the opportunity to start fresh, and Miss Weasley's moral guidance may work to your benefit here." Riddle huffed. "Now, I must be getting to the feast, so if you will?" Riddle stood up, and the two walked to one of the larger portraits in the office. "Haven," Dumbledore said, and the portrait slid open to reveal a relatively spacious room. It had a bed, a desk, and some books of academic interest, as well as an adjacent bathroom – there was also a window with a nice enough view, but it could not be opened. "I implore you to think about what I've said," Dumbledore said, as Riddle climbed through. "Take some time for thinking, and you may even find remorse." The portrait slid closed, and Riddle was alone. She let out a breath of air that she had been holding, and glanced around. Not tired just yet, she walked over to the window, and pulled a chair to sit in front of it. The view was rather nice from this high up. She could see the lake, and the hills beyond it. Hogwarts was still very much like a home to the sixteen-year-old, and she treasured it. Where did it all go wrong? And why did she feel more turmoil and conflict than she had ever felt before?