speaking again. "Madame Maxime is waiting for you. May I lead you to her office?" "Of course, Monsieur... I'm afraid I don't know who you are." "Where are my manners? Julio Ayala, Herbology teacher, and Head of the Gardeners. I hope you find the park well cared for." "Exactly as I remember it", Jeanne answered, and Julio looked extremely contented. "Shall we go then?" "This way, Madame." They left the great park and went on a great paved alley. The castle could barely be seen behind a tall hedge, and Julio was actively discoursing on the various gardening techniques and the flowers he and his team used in the park, effectively making it one of the most beautiful gardens in Europe. Small and delicate rotundas were on each side of the alley, leading the way to an arch in the hedge. Once passed, Jeanne could finally look at the castle entirely. It was a perfect example of the Renaissance french castles, and Jeanne had always thought it was quite like Versailles. Great stairs led to ornamented doors, and huge windows lightened the facade, otherwise heavily decorated with carvings and statues of great magical personalities. Over the main door the crest of Beauxbâtons was sculpted, and just under it the motto "Cum spititum et nobilitam" was written on an elegant stone ribbon which was enchanted to slowly wave as if it was made of cloth. The witch remembered the first time she had passed this door, shivering and fearing whatever was awaiting her. Decades later, she was back, afraid again, though this time she had an idea of what to expect behind those doors. Mr Ayala opened the door, and they entered into the Waiting Hall. Once again, Jeanne felt as if she had travelled through time. The magnificent hall was empty except for a huge statue of Isabelle de la Barre, the first Headmistress of Beauxbâtons. The walls were covered with paintings of witches and wizards displaying magic feats or brewing potions, one or two just sitting behind a desk and thinking. Julio turned to her and said with a smile, pointing a real-size portrait of a good-natured witch: "Madame Maxime is waiting for you." Jeanne walked to the portrait and stood there, unsure what to do next. But the painted witch smiled and spoke to her: "You wish to see the Headmistress?" "Actually, I think it's more the other way round." "Well then... who shall I announce ?" "Jeanne Héloïse Cognazur. I am here to apply as Charm and Jinxes teacher." "Yes, the Headmistress warned me. Come in." she added with an even greater smile, as the portrait swung and revealed what looked like a simple cavity in the wall, yet Jeanne could feel the magic shivering. She stepped forward and found herself inside not a small niche, but a great warm room with shelves everywhere and a beautiful desk, behind which a woman was sitting. The Transportation charm had been completely smooth. The Headmistress was clearly taller than any other person Jeanne had ever met. She was really handsome, with an olive-skinned face and beautiful great black eyes. She raised her head and made a small gesture, inviting Jeanne to sit on a comfortable-looking armchair. Once seated, the Auror waited for the Headmistress to begin. "Thank you very much for your appliance. I have to say I am a bit surprised to see Jeanne Cognazur in front of me." "May I ask you why?" "Well, one may think being Head of the Auror bureau is already a good carreer choice, isn't it?" "I have never been one for staying at the same place for years." "So you were," said Olympe Maxime with a small nod," and so you have come. And actually, I don't think I will ever find a better candidate for this post." This sentence took Jeanne off-guard. "Excuse me?" "I don't think anyone is more suitable for this post than you", she repeated, "and I have excellent reasons. Firstly, during your Auror carreer, you have displayed prodigious feats and anyone reading the news knows that. Secondly, Professor Veridian always spoke of you in high terms, and even mentioned your name when asked for a possible successor. And finally, I will personally sleep much better if I know I have at least one teacher here who would be able to protect the students if Death Eaters were to come." Jeanne was thunderstruck. She had been expecting many things, but surely not this. Her nonplussed face made Madame Maxime smile. "You don't really think Minister Mekerbeche didn't tell me a thing?" "Well..." Jeanne hesitated, but she couldn't think of anything. "Alright. Now this is settled, I'd like you to arrive on the 15th of August with the other teachers. Do you wish to live in the castle? There is a free appartment." "But you surely won't be hiring me only because my resume says I am capable, right?" Jeanne asked. "Come on, Madame. I wouldn't offer you this job if I didn't think you weren't suitable. And I have never been wrong about a teacher before. Besides, I have asked you to be there in mid-August so more experienced teachers will be able to help you. And you will have full access to Victor's notes; his lessons are still perfectly up-to-date, you know?" Jeanne hesitated again. But deep inside, a small voice was already telling her it was the right thing to do. She had begun to grow tired of hunting Dark wizards, and the perspective of facing nothing more dangerous than a hormone-filled student was somehow enviable. She finally smiled and nodded: "Alright." "Perfect! And concerning the accomodation?" "Consider it occupied from now." Both women were now smiling. Madame Maxime rummaged in a pile of papers and gave Jeanne a small form. "The fifteenth of August. Your accomodation will be ready. I am really looking forward to working with you." "Thank you, Madame the Headmistress." Madame Maxime giggled and shook her head. "Call me Olympe, Jeanne."