me to my own devices, none even daring to try and comfort me in any way. My mind wondered into a dark, gloomy and cold abyss. What if they didn't try and calm the frantic cries of a young girl because I wasn't truly part of the family they served? What if Narcissa and Lucius did nothing to stop the mad proceedings of that lunatic women because they thought she was somewhat right about me? That, after nearly thirteen years under their care, they were growing sick and tired of my presence? I grew angry, a boiling hot rage soaring through my veins, my hands instinctively curling tightly into fists. How dare they? How could they just sit back and watch on like Luciette had done nothing but slam a fist on the table in protest? In that moment, I hated them, I wanted nothing less than to be at school, away from their charitable care and ever looming presence. I wanted away from the ridiculous standards and expectations that I would be wed off to some half-witted male simply because he had status, money, property and values. I was left to stew in my anger, rehearse furiously the things I would say to them and thinking over everything that I would pack quickly before fleeing into the wide world on my own. I could survive, I concluded, for school took up large parts of my year. Summer would be harder as I would be required to leave, but I was on friendly terms with Tom at the Leaky Cauldron and there was a very good possibility that he could lend me a room in exchange for work. I could locate proof of my Lestrange descent, possibly a birth certificate or public records of my mother and fathers expectancy, and take it to Gringott's and claim the Lestrange fortune as my own as the only remaining members of my birth family were either rotting for life in Azkaban or dead by their own hand. I liked this plan very much and hadn't noticed the lack of tears that must have subsided when I began to plan my future as a lone-wolf. I was not sure what time it was when I could feel the house tremble as the front door slammed ferociously. It felt like hours, but it could have been mere minutes, I wasn't completely aware, the clock in the nursery having being frozen at five seventeen for the past four years not being much help and my watch had been left on my bedside table in my room, unattainable and rendering me unaware of what hour I was in and how much of the day I had left. The house went silent and for the wildest few seconds, I felt scared. I did not want to be confronted with the truth. What if, instead of me leaving, they threw me out on the streets and made sure that I would never gain access to money again? Lucius could be mildly vindictive at best, but if he was in a foul temper, who could know his bounds? The seconds ticked by and the silence rang loudly in my ears. There wasn't an aspect of life that could be heard, no shuffling from the elves, no huffing from the angsty existence of my brother, no happy or solemn tittering from Narcissa and no sounds of a cane hitting against the ground as Lucius paraded around with an unknown purpose. Not even the birds chirped and the wind did not brush lightly against the window. All was silent, all seemed to be dead. Indecisive seemed to be a notable character trait from my early teens years and I quickly went from scared out of my wits to furious beyond measure. Did they really not deem me worthy enough of basic care? Not even a check-up to see if my physical wounds had been dealt with and if my psychologic wounds would ever fade? My blood boiled once more. It continued to do so to the point that when the door finally opened I was overflowing with rage. I looked up from my place on the cushy carpet where the house-elves had left me alone and glowered at my mother, my mouth opened and fully ready to spout my discontent. But I saw the look on her face, a look that I never in my life forgot. The look of absolute sorrow and so heavily painted with regret. Either Narcissa was a really good actress or she was incredibly genuine, which ever that it was, I did not care and when she stepped into the room and closed the door silently she must have triggered my tear ducts again because before I had a chance to comprehend my feelings, I was sobbing once more. Mother was on the floor by me in an instance, cradling me into her bosom, rocking me soothing and muttering her apologies into my hair that she frequently kissed. Nothing mattered at this point, my previous fury completely forgotten and overtaken by the need for comfort, for reassurance that she still loved me, that to her I was Andria Malfoy and not some common child she took into her care. She would whisper answers to the questions I didn't know I was asking and she told me over and over that she loved me so dearly and with such conviction that I believed it time and time again. We stayed there for how long, I was never sure, but when I awoke she was still there, clutching me tightly in her grasp as she, too, slept peacefully. I looked at her tear stained cheeks and felt another shot of intense sorrow course through my veins. I pressed my face against her shoulder and smothered her collar bone in light kisses and I hoped that in her dreams, she would feel my love and forgiveness. With that thought, I nuzzled into the softness of her skin and slept myself.