that he knows not. The love of those around you and your magic are one in the same, and they will work together to defeat Tom once and for all." Dumbledore's eyes sparkled marvelously as he said this, silent power radiated off of him. It gave Harry hope. " Which brings us to the good news. Your Godfather is safely hidden within the castle, the Minister of Magic has received a letter from me tonight, and I expect a trial shall happen in the coming weeks. With that being said, how would you like to remain here for the Summer Holidays? I believe that it is time that I take a more hands on approach to your education and with Sirius and Remus's help, we can get a jumpstart on the years to come." "You mean I don't have to go back to the Dursley's?" Harry had nearly jumped out of his bed. "I don't ever have to go back?" Dumbledore frowned. "I had hoped there was enough love in your Aunt's heart to at least give her sister's only son a proper home. It seems I was wrong and I have failed you Harry. I placed you there all those years ago with good intentions. No you never have to go back. " Dumbledore's face grew solemn. As exhausted as he was, Harry had never felt better. No more Dudley, no more slave chores, no more having to hide who he was. He was going to stay at Hogwarts, with Sirius. "Professor what about Remus? Is he alright?" "Professor Lupin is indeed in good health; his secret is safe. I assume that he is resting, which is something that you will need to do as well. Have a great last week, and enjoy the first two weeks of summer with the Weasleys before returning here to begin your training. I want to inform you that the training you receive will be very demanding. It will push you past your limits, it will take everything you have, but it will prepare you for what is to come." Dumbledore said the last sentence with a serious look on his face, but it was quickly replaced by a teasing smile. "Lastly, Miss Greengrass should have awoken by that point, so when you return in a few weeks, I'm sure Abraham Greengrass and Arthur Weasley would like to have a friendly conversation about your intentions with their daughters. With that I leave you. Goodnight." Dumbledore offered a cunning smile as he closed the curtains to Harry's bed and vanished from sight. Intentions with their daughters? I don't have any- Harry could not think of anything worse than having to explain to Mr. Weasley that he had another bonding accident. The first time was bad enough, no matter how supportive Mr. Weasley was. What of Daphne's father? How would he take it? Was he a Slytherin as well? Oh no. The last thoughts that graced Harry's mind before sleep were of Ginny and Daphne. Fire and Ice, and himself trying not to freeze or burn. The end of term feast was magnificent. Harry, Hermione, and now a fully healed Ron were seated with Ginny, and Neville at the Gryffindor table. Ginny and Harry were holding hands, enjoying the sensations the bond was giving them. "Oi Mate, get your hands off of my sister." Said Ron in an annoyed tone. Harry meant to say something in retaliation, but Ginny beat him to the punch and delivered one of her famous bat bogey hexes. Ron fell backwards out of his chair and the group laughed. Things were good, the feast was excellent, the treacle tart to die for. But still, Harry's thoughts shifted to Daphne. Ginny squeezed his hand underneath the table and whispered through their bond. "Whatever happens, when she wakes up, We will get through this together. " Harry offered her a bright smile. Whatever would happen, he had Ginny, and Ron, and Hermione, and that was all he needed. Voldemort be damned, he wasn't losing them. He was going to be ready for old Tom whenever he returned. He wasn't going to lose anyone else. "You need to tell them." Ginny's voice cut through his mind. It was easy communicating with Ginny because he never had to say anything. She could see through his memories, hear his thoughts, and feel his emotions, so he never had to tell her about the prophecy because she already knew. "I know, I will over this summer. I want to enjoy the last day you know?" "I do." Ginny's voice rang through his head once again. "Hey Gin," "yeah?" "This summer, whenever I'm at the Burrow, before I come back to start my training. Let's go on a date. You and I." Harry's face flushed crimson. "I figure, since we are going to end up together, let's do it right." Ginny didn't respond, she was looking at Ron and when she was sure he wasn't looking, she turned and grabbed Harry by the face and kissed him. It was a short, but meaningful kiss. A secret between the two. Ginny's body it up like fireworks. Magic flooded through her veins and pulsed to her very core. She gave a slight moan. "What was that?" Harry's voice asked in her ear. She replied silently, "I don't know, but you and I are going to be doing again and again this summer." She kissed him again and once more the lightning lit up their bones. Had the great hall always been this beautiful? Was the sunlight always this bright? Did Ron always look that angry—oh crap. "OI what do you think you are doing to my sister?" Ron's voice broke their faces apart. Laughter rang from their table. Harry would never have to think about another memory for a Patronus ever again. Looking into Ginny's Hazel eyes that now had specks of green forming through them, he thought he could produce a Patronus as large as the great hall.