him a Nobel Prize in Economics due to the forecasting of the end of the tech bubble in 2000 as well as his recommendations to safeguard against the next bubble. In 2017, he and Duke Potter shared the Prize for Literature due to their biographies of the Hogwarts Founders. In 2056, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for with a special citation paid tribute to his negotiation of the ceasefire that stopped the escalation of what surely would have been World War IV. In 1998, Queen Elizabeth II conferred upon him the highest order of chivalry and reinstated the Black Family Duchy that had been lost due to the International Act of Secrecy. In 1999, President Jacques Chirac awarded Prince Liam and Countess Fleur the Légion d'Honneur for multiple battles with Death Eaters that were recruiting in France and trying to intimidate first generation magicals. In 2016, after Neo-Death Eaters had killed all of the Royal family, except Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge and in turn the recently conceived King Charles III. Under the impression that her bloodline had been ended, Queen Elizabeth II recognized Black's right to be the Crown Prince through his Le Fay Family ties (remember Morgana Le Fay was King Arthur's half-sister). King Charles III's birth was nothing short of miraculous and Black's service as the monarch of England was not necessary. The Professor Although invited many times to return and teach at Mahoutokoro, Prince Liam stayed in Europe to be close to his growing family and to maintain his services to the Queen. When an opening in the part-time Dueling Professorship opened up at Beauxbatons in 2021, he jumped at the chance to impart one of his passions to the upcoming generation. In 2030, Professor Flitwick retired and he was the obvious choice for the head of the Ravenclaw House. He took on the roll with his daughter Ann as his assistant. He stayed there until his godson, the King asked him to lead the neo-Labour party in the new election after Rasputin's terrorist attack decimated much of the House of Commons in 2038. Warned of Purim, Rasputin, and Zheng Rise With his extensive holdings in Asia, he heard from managers that Russian companies were failing to uphold deals at an above average rate starting in 2010. After thorough quantitative analysis and scrying the forecast was poor for the Rule of Law and proper profits for the foreseeable future. He divested of the last Russian operations just before Putin was sworn in on May 7, 2012. He had notified the Queen of his thoughts in 2010 and wrote an op-ed in the above mentioned papers advising of his concern for business an eventual expansionism. His prediction came true for Crimea in 2014 and the rest of Ukraine in summer 2017. Many in the Alliance turned a blind eye as the Bear didn't expand again until 2033. Grigori Rasputin supposedly was killed by the Dark Lord Grindelwald in 1916 but a soul anchor was used but he hid it so well that he wasn't revived until 2032 when Putin was spending Billions in ways to prolong his life. Prince Liam had spies that discovered Putin's goals a week after the restoration ritual was completed and he warned The U.K. and her allies of the new threat. Zheng was always an interesting rise as he rode the popular wave of discontent of China's poor in their rebellion in 2028. Prince Liam always laughed at the irony that a communist country had a proletariat revolution. Although saddened China's magical history, knowledge, and practitioners destroyed in Mao's Cultural Revolution and World War II, The Prince was glad he didn't have to lead the fight against the magical force that had been available in the late 19th century on top of Rasputin's force. Here again, Black had cut his counterparty risk to China by 2026. He took flak from some of his investors and managers that decided to fight him in a proxy battle over perceived negligence to those companies' profitability. With the writing on the wall, he offered a 7% discount for them to buy out the highly profitable Chinese operations. Those poor souls that bought out the operations on leverage were bankrupt by 2029. Zheng's revolution had decimated China's economy and 40% of the population until he won complete control in 2034 with help from Rasputin. Zheng bloody iron grip was highly concerning to Prince Liam even though Zheng's aggression seemed to be contained inside of China. The Bear and the Dragon joined forces to create a great expanding empire. Tragedy He lost his father at age 2, his maternal family and his mother at 15, his Great-Grandfather at 17 his first wife, and Lady Élodie and their unborn daughter at 18. Countess Fleur was seriously injured when he was 39 and they lost their infant daughter in the attack. At age 68, he lost his dearest Duchess Daphne in the London Bombing perpetrated by Rasputin's shock troopers. At 80, he lost his beloved Countess Fleur to Nundu Fever. The great Author/Historian He collaborated in an updated version of the Intelligent Investor with Warren Buffet and Jason Zweig in 2010. A further collaboration for an updated version of Security Analysis with Warren Buffett was published before Buffett's passing in 2021. After becoming friends with Duke Potter, they co-authored a Biography on each of the founders. They also co-authored the authoritative books on the Slytherin, Gryffindor, and Ravenclaw families. The last collaboration was on Hogwarts. Hogwarts a History was a highly white washed history of the school. In his 60's he wrote the best-selling history of World War III. His last books on the inside story of his time as the PM and how the world avoided war in 2056 have been completed but due to National Security concerns will not be published until the 120th anniversary of his birth. Author's Note: Thanks for reading. Updates will at least monthly. Feel free to comment.