Fleur blushed. "I don't know why, but I feel a great attraction to you," she said. After a few seconds of shocked silence, Fleur started to fidget slightly. "Well?" This knocked Harry out of his shock. "What? Oh, sure, I'd love to." To his amazement, Fleur actually breathed a sigh of relief. "Zank God. I 'ave never been ze one to ask someone out on a date before. I was worried you would say no." "Why would anyone say no to you?" Harry asked. "You're beautiful, you come from an upper class family, you have a lot of money, although you prefer to earn it for yourself. I would comment on your stuck-up personality, but I would be a pot calling a kettle black if I did." "Stuck-up?" Fleur asked, affronted. "I am not stuck-up. I 'ave standards." "Forgive me," Harry said, giving a small bow. "When I analyze, I view things as abstract problems, forgetting how personal or insulting I may be. It's a bit of a flaw of mine that I hope you can understand." Fleur raised her head and tossed her hair. "Well, at least you are polite." "And I sense a bit of insecurity in you," Harry said, smiling. "I 'ave 'eard of your deductive powers," Fleur said, tilting her head to the side. "What can you tell me about myself?" "Like I said, you're from an upper class family, a rich one that you love very much, but you want to earn money yourself, to show that you're not just a pretty face, but sometimes, you are afraid that you might fail, and so you try to flaunt your beauty as much as possible at those times." Fleur blinked. "'Ow did you come to zat conclusion?" she asked, to which Harry merely gave a smirk. "Come now, Fleur, if a conjurer reveals his methods, his tricks become less extraordinary." So, that Hogsmeade weekend, at Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop, Harry was telling Fleur the tale of how he uncovered the mystery of the Chamber of Secrets. Needless to say, Fleur was gaping. "Well, I was wrong about you all along," she said once Harry was done. "I zought you were just a smart man, but you are actually a reckless, foolishly brave and strong smart man." "I wouldn't call myself strong, just accurate," Harry said modestly. He didn't know why he behaved like this around Fleur. Usually, he would have no problem proclaiming that he was, in fact, strong. "Non, non, you are strong. You battled a Basilisk!" "A blind Basilisk." "Which is also a great feat," Fleur said. "Now, please, tell me 'ow you know so much about me." Harry stared at Fleur for a few moments, then nodded. "I deduced that you come from an upper class family because you wear specially made tailored robes in acromantula silk, and that you don't want to use your family's money from the lack of jewelry that you so desire. I know that you love your family, however, and that they love you, by the single ring you wear on your finger, which you received on your seventeenth birthday, a common gift for women when they come of age. "I know that you have some feelings of insecurity, for whenever you gain a look of doubt, you cover it up and toss your hair, bringing everyone's attention to your beauty." "C'est magnifique!" "Elementary." And so, Harry won the Triwizard Tournament, and another of Lord Voldemort's plans to regain his powers was thwarted by my dearest friend. Looking over my notes between '91 and '97, I still have a hard time understanding just how Harry made the deductions he did. To him, everything was so simple, so easy to see, whereas to a normal man, it would be like searching for a needle in a haystack. That the imposter Moody was in actuality Bartemius Crouch Junior, I suspect to this day that Harry already knew, but never told me. Then again, he might not have. His poker face is something to be desired, as he can keep his cool in almost any situation. Even faced with a dragon, he managed to remain calm, whereas I am ashamed to admit that I would have turned and run the other way. As you know, the Minister of Magic was called in, and Crouch was interrogated with Veritasserum. It turned out that Harry was supposed to be taken to a place where the Dark Lord Voldemort was to be resurrected. For thwarting this plan, Minister Fudge gave both Harry and myself an Order of Merlin, First Class. Mine looks pretty good over the fireplace. Naturally, Harry won the Triwizard Cup, and I'm sure that the reason Fleur decided to stay in England after her graduation was because of him, despite the fact that she said she took the job at Gringotts to improve her English. With the NEWTs done, and us graduated, I started drifting apart from Harry, I'm sorry to say. It took Sirius a long time to find a good apartment, so I'm glad Harry had at least someone to talk to, being that I was training full time to be a Healer and Hermione off to see the world for some reason. We still met from time to time, and we talked and talked, but it was not at all like old times. At least, not yet. When I finish my Healer training, however, I am going to move into 221B Diagon Alley, and I think things will once more get interesting... So, what do you think? Like it? Love it? Hate it? REVIEW, REVIEW, REVIEW, REVIEW, REVIEW, REVIEW, REVIEW! I'm sorry there wasn't so much Harry/Fleur. I'm not really all that good at the whole romance stuff. *Chapter 19*: AN Hello, readers! As you can see, The Chronicles of Harry Holmes is finished, but I have released the first chapter of the sequel, Harry Holmes and the Web of Conspiracy! Check it out if you want! /pre