the cupboard and repeated what he had told his aunt. "I got a letter from a place called Hogwarts, they said I could go and that they were waiting for me". Vernon looked at Harry with utter disgust as he registered the words that had just come out of Harry's mouth. Vernon waited a while, letting Harry stew in his own fear before responding to his answer. "You shall NOT mention that school ever again! You and your delinquent sister are going to the local grammar school and that is FINAL!" Harry paled at his uncle's words and looked towards his aunt for any kind of assistance that she could provide. Petunia had a look of defeat on her face, like a secret had finally come out and could no longer contain itself. Looking at her husband, Petunia softly laid a hand on his shoulder and squeezed slightly before looking him in the eye and saying, "Vernon it's no use now, he knows now, we might as well tell him" Vernon's eyes shot straight to Petunia, relinquishing his hold on Harry and shifting it to his wife, laying a hand against her throat before pushing her against the cupboard. He looked at her briefly before laying a hand sharp against her cheek, slapping it with brute force, leaving a very visible red mark along her cheek. Petunia looked shocked and aghast at her husband's actions as tears started to form in her eyes from the stinging pain going through her cheek. Vernon looked at his wife before finally snapping. "WE SAID WE WOULD REMOVE ANY TRACE OF THAT FILTHY SUBSTANCE FROM THESE TWO WHEN WE ACCEPTED THEM IN! I WILL NOT ALLOW THAT BOY TO GO OFF AND BECOME A FREAK LIKE HIS MOTHER AND FATHER!" Visibly taken aback by his uncle's actions, Harry ignored his uncle's comments as his thoughts were on his aunt and the violence that had just been displayed upon her. Stepping back away from Vernon, Petunia quickly looked at Harry, Rose and Dudley before speaking. "Dudley, go to your room and get your things together, you too Harry and Madeline, now!" Harry and Rose quickly ran out of the room to get their things together as Dudley and Petunia, who had managed to b reak free of Vernon, ran upstairs to get their own belongings. Packing away their belongings as quickly as possible, the Potters and Dursleys reunited at the front door as Vernon sat in the doorway of the kitchen with a dumbfounded look on his face. "Petunia, darling, where are you going?" Petunia looked at Vernon with an icy glare as she opened the front door. "I've had enough of your drunkenness and violence Vernon, I'm leaving you, with the Children, don't you dare follow us. Dudley, Harry, Madeline, get into the car, quickly now!" Harry and Rose quickly placed their meagre belongings in the car as Dudley looked taken aback by his mother's actions, and yet also frightened by his father's actions. Petunia bayed Vernon one last look as she walked out on her husband and family home. Starting the car and pulling out of the driveway, Vernon ran after them, pleading with them as his huge blob of a body wobbled and flabbed as he tried to make contact with his now departing family. Harry turned around and looked at his uncle one last time before finally looking forward and shutting his eyes as sleep finally took him over as the adrenaline from prior events left his body. Rose wrapped herself up in Harry's arms as she to let sleep take her over. Holding onto his sister's hand and letting her use his shoulder as a pillow, Harry kissed his sister softly on the head before shutting his eyes. Petunia never said where they were going, in fact she didn't say anything as the car full of children drove through the countryside in pitch black. As dawn broke they started to take in the countryside, watching as the scattered farmhouses popped in and out of view in between the row of trees which lined the road. Around 6 in the morning, they pulled into a small town, named by the sign on the side of the road, reading, Ottery St Catchpole. Driving through the town Harry noticed that there were a few strange looking people with pointed hats walking to and from the buildings, minding their own business. The town looked old, at least older then where they had come from in Little Whinging. The road was narrow with lots of small working-class cottages lining the roads, so close together that one could barely make out the backyard from the street. From time to time there was a break in the houses as either a shop or a park. Finally, after about ten minutes, the houses gave way to countryside once more as the sign on the side of the road thanked them for their visit. They drove for what seemed to be another couple of minutes until they finally pulled into a long drive way. At the end of the driveway stood a beautiful two storey white house. Vines climbed all around the house, intertwined with the vines were beautiful blood red roses growing out from the base of the vines. All around them were trees of all varieties, including fruit trees, hardwood trees, and beautiful Cyprian pines which lined the road they drove up. They pulled up to the front of the house as an older couple stepped out of the front door and slowly approached where they had pulled up. Petunia ushered Harry and Rose out of the car as she nudged her son awake, who surprisingly was still asleep. Harry and Rose went around to the front of the car to be beside their aunt as she approached the older couple who were waiting for them. She looked at them in a neutral stare before finally breaking the silence with four simple words… "Hello Mum, Hello Dad".