and personal experience with Draco Malfoy. The Gryffindor had taken her friends advice after a fashion and devised a plan in the hopes of better determining if the blond wizard actually felt anything towards her. Ever since they began sharing the Head dorms, any previous altercations had been swiftly dealt with, apologised for and forgotten about. They had grown relatively close in a short space of time and Hermione had admitted to herself not long ago that she did feel a small something for the Slytherin but wasn't willing to investigate how much or what exactly. Blaise had once told her that Draco could charm any woman he wanted and this had immediately suggested to her that the Head Boy was in no way directing his advances toward her. Firm in her decision to take things into her own hands, Hermione proceeded to wait for the opportunity to present itself and finally uncover the truth. She concluded after three days of no success that he wasn't, in reality, avoiding the mistletoe and her secret trap but that it was merely coincidental. With classes over, they no longer had similar schedules and with people leaving for the holidays there were no prefect meetings for them to attend together. Additionally, they were spending time with their individual friend groups, ate together only occasionally and headed up to their rooms in the evenings separately. After another couple of days, the Gryffindor had completely forgotten, resigned to her plan failing and being so caught up in packing for Christmas holidays. After no response whatsoever from Ron, Hermione had concluded that he simply didn't want to have any sort of friendship in the future and she'd written to Molly the previous day to inform her that she would be spending all of Christmas with her parents. It was two days before Christmas Eve and the head students were to be heading for their respective homes the following day when luck finally struck. Hermione was headed down the staircase on her way to the Great Hall to meet Ginny for the final time before the two girls parted ways over the festive period. No longer comfortable attending Boxing Day celebrations at the Burrow, she wouldn't be seeing her friend until they returned in the New Year. Draco, on the other hand, had recently finished up a friendly game of quidditch with his housemates and was on his way up to his room to change before lunch with Daphne and Blaise. Wrapped up in their own thoughts, unaware of the presence of the other, the two head students nearly collided at the bottom of the stairwell. Hermione started in shock as Draco blurted " Merlin " in surprise, causing her to smile and retort sarcastically as her pulse slowed. "No, just little old me, I'm afraid." The Slytherin rolled his eyes before his expression broke out into something between a grin and smirk. "Well, well, well. Looks like you've finally caught me, Granger." Hermione followed the flick of steely grey eyes upward and spotted the mistletoe, she herself placed. Distinctly aware she was stood a step up at the perfect height, their eyes level; a bright blush crept up her face and neck as she tried to casually shrug it off. "It's an old tradition, I mean you probably don't want to…I get it." His smile turned more genuine as he happily stated, "I'm never one to shirk a Christmas tradition." And without another moment's hesitation, he kissed her with more passion than she could ever have imagined. Unable to resist, her hands gripped the front of his quidditch uniform, tugging him closer. Easily grasping the hint, his hand delved into her curls and the other to her waist, definitively closing the remaining distance between them. While Hermione had been vying for a potential snog from the handsome Slytherin, she certainly hadn't expected a nearly full blown make out session with the Head Boy. Having completely forgotten her plan, the Head Girl wasn't in the slightest prepared but she deduced that even if she had been ready, she wouldn't have expected that reaction. When they finally parted, Hermione bit down on her kiss-swollen lip and she immediately noted his eyes darken before he cleared his throat and chuckled, forcing a blush back on to her face. "I thought we might never get the chance." "You figured it out, didn't you?" She asked, her voice quieter than she'd intended. "You put all the decorations up the same morning, except this mistletoe. That, strangely enough, made an appearance after you had that afternoon with Potter. Since I'm aware you don't see him in that way and you and I are the only ones to use this staircase, it wasn't such a leap." Mortified she'd been deciphered so quickly, Hermione hid her reddened face behind her hands. Pulling them away into his own, Draco placed a soft kiss on her cheek and smiled when her warm brown eyes met his gaze. "I've got something to ask you, Granger." A chuckle escaped him as she groaned, wanting to disappear, terrified of what he'd say. "Christmas is a time for family, but we always have a big New Year's party at the manor. I'd love it if you'd be my date." The Gryffindor witch's mouth popped open in surprise, completely floored when she was sure that he was being genuine. "I'd be delighted." "Excellent." He beamed, kissing the back of her hand which she was reminded he still had a hold of. "Now, unless you want a repeat performance, which I wouldn't object to in the slightest, I noticed Red waiting at the end of the corridor, presumably for you." Hermione gasped, "Ginny!" She gratefully smiled at him as he stepped aside to let her pass but before she moved she had to ask. "See you later?" "Absolutely." A/N: I'll be posting part 2 next week. Look forward to gift giving, Christmas fun, Ron-related drama and of course, that New Year's date!