report of the night because I do not remember it well myself. Lily and I were childhood friends and continued to be until we were fifteen, when... circumstances changed. I only saw her once more, in what was likely your conception." He grimaces. That is a mental image that he absolutely does not need. "Yes, well," Snape carries on, obviously taking note of the face he made, "In any case, Lily had written me and asked to see me. James was not home and wouldn't be for some time. I agreed, curious of why she would want to see me again. I clearly remember her asking if I would consider being her child's Godfather. Apparently she wanted someone more responsible than Black, with more legal rights than Lupin. Why she assumed I would be a good choice, I do not know. She made it quite clear when we stopped talking that she never wanted to see me again. "I had assumed from the conversation that she was already pregnant. Obviously that was the wrong assumption. The rest of the night I cannot recall, mainly due to the fact that I do recall the bottle of Firewhiskey being brought out. I woke up the next morning hungover, but in my own home. I never had reason to believe anything happened. After that night, I never heard from her again. I had assumed she changed her mind on naming me your secondary Godfather, for I was never informed of the fact." Harry lets that soak in. So his Mum and Snape were friends. And those circumstances had to be the fight he saw in fifth year. So why would she do such a thing? Why talk to him again? Snape was right, Mum was furious, from what he saw. Why ask him to be his Godfather at all? And why did she change her mind? Was it because she knew they had sex? That there was a chance he could be Snape's instead of James? So many questions and no way to get the answers. What is he suppose to do with this? He feels angry at his Mum and Snape for doing it. She was married. Married for Merlin's sake and to someone Snape hated. Did James ever know? Mum had to have some memory of the night, even if Snape didn't, to know to check for parentage. Who made the first move? Was it Snape or was it Mum? How could she let this happen? Well at least he knows now that Snape never knew. He didn't abandon him in a fit of disgust. Not that it means that he wants Harry now. But at least he has this. He knows Snape didn't leave him at the Drusleys to rot. That will always mean something to him, even if it isn't enough. He doesn't know what to say. He knows he should say something, but what? What does one say to a Father he never knew he had, that hated him his whole life? "What happened next is entirely up to you," Snape tells him. He looks up. "I told you that I am not one for idle gossip. I said I will tell no one and I intend to keep my word. This is not an ideal situation. There is much bad history between us. If you never want to speak of this again, I will not bring it up." "What... what do you want?" he asks hesitantly. "I am not a good man. Nor am I a kind one. I do not believe I would be a good Father for many reasons, some of which you may guess. But I will make the effort if you would want to do so." Harry's head jerks up in shock. What? Did he just really say... "Why?" is the only thing he is able to ask. He never in his wildest dreams thought Snape would even consider it. "Because family is important," is the only explanation he gives. Harry gets the feeling there is more to it than that, but doesn't push. He can think about it later. Now he has other things to decide. Does he want to give Snape the chance? He still believes it isn't going to go well. As the man said, there is so much history between them. Can they really overcome it? Does he want to overcome it? Will it be worth it? He thinks about the Professor. About all he has done for him – the good and the bad. He thinks about his personality, his role in the war. He thinks about his wish for a family. His deepest wish that he can't never seem to bury. The hope he can't kill. The fact he is even considering it when it would mean letting Snape in. Even after all he has done, he still has to think about it. And isn't that an answer in itself? If he was that against it, wouldn't he reject the idea right away? Isn't the main reason he hesitates fear and not hate? He has come to learn over the years that he doesn't hate Snape, he doesn't hate Draco. He save his hate for worse people. People like Bellatrix and Umbridge and Voldemort. He thought Draco was a spoiled brat before he fell in love with him. He thinks Snape is extremely unpleasant and yes, he dislikes him. Quite a bit in fact. But he has his respect for being a spy for nearly twenty years. He still wanted to impress the man in various times throughout his life. He thinks it amazing what he can do with Potions. None that has changed. Maybe... maybe he can try it after all. Just to see. How bad can it be? It's not as if they never fought before. That would be nothing new. If anything else, he has the role of rebellious son down pat. He slowly nods. Draco smiles at him. Snape nods."Good," he says, "good."