and a fine one at that. His crush had grown, she was just perfect in every way, boys started to take notice and Theodore Nott asked her to the Yule Ball Draco was furious. He knew Maisie used to have a thing for one of his best mates Theo and so she had said yes, babbling to Draco about what she was going to wear and what they would dance to not noticing that Draco's face showed his disdain about the entirety of the thing. So he had taken Pansy Parkinson who had been obsessed with him but was currently dating Michael Corner. Maisie had dated Theo for the rest of fourth year and then half of fifth year but then Theo had cheated on her with Daphne Greengrass effectively ending their year and a half relationship which Draco comforted her and was there for her thinking she could deserve so much better, selfishly wanting her to be with him. Then they drifted apart when sixth year rolled around after he had taken the dark mark at the end of fifth year, she rarely spoke to him and started to hang out with her cousin and her friends more creating a bond with them. He hated upsetting her like that. Vouching he would never make her look at him that way ever again. However now after the war she looked way too skinny, searching the great hall for her body praying that she was alive, throughout that year he had always feared she'd be the next muggleborn to be brought in to be raped, totured and then murdered. He never took part in it. When in the great hall he didn't find her body he didn't know whether to be relived or upset, until he heard her voice that always would calm him instantly when he was nervous, angry or upset, "DRACO!" She had run and jumped wrapping her slim legs around his waist hugging him tightly round the neck him doing the same just relishing in each other surviving. They had kept their promises to each other. However now she looked like a goddess, her hair was way shorter having cut it so it feel just above her shoulders, the sun hit it through the window casting a golden glow to it, right now it had been half up in a bun half down curled. Her face had slimed out now but she still had a roundness to her cheeks, her freckles had gone except the ones dusting her nose. Her eyes where like that of a deer, her lips full and pink, her body slim but toned. Her skin tanned. Maisie's personality was also what attracted him to her, his father had always disapproved of their friendship but she never left him, she cared for those who sometimes weren't worth her care, she would always care for animals and her friends and family meant the world to her. He would even go the mile and say he was in love with her, she would never feel the same, she only saw him as her closet friend which saddened him. "I'm not a liar, you know I can't lie Mr. Malfoy." Maisie chuckled. Her laugh sounding like a breath of fresh air to Draco. He laughed himself "Any gossip, for when I didn't see you this summer, besides of both becoming head girl and boy." "Oh, I heard from Theo." Knowing that Draco would probably be angry with her Maisie said it quietly. Seething Draco asked through clenched teeth "what did he want now." "To see if I had forgiven him for cheating on me back in fifth year, I said I would never fully forgive him considering my feelings towards him and that he had completely shattered my heart into a gazillion pieces but I had forgiven him to a certain extent, but I don't trust him." Maisie relayed. "Good, Blaise mentioned something about Theo wanting to get you back realising you were the greatest thing for him." Draco scoffed. "I did have a lot of feelings that he stomped on, but I wouldn't say they were completely gone, some of them are still there I just know that when I see him that they will come rushing back but I know I can't act on them. I don't trust him anymore and it is going to take years for that trust to be built back up to extent of thinking about a relationship." Maisie answered truthfully. "I'm glad you think that, I just want you to be happy and I know he won't make you happy. I just hate seeing you upset." Draco whispered quietly. Maisie sat down next to him touching his bicep and feeling a shot of electricity course through her body, ignoring it she didn't move "I know you do Drake." She said soothingly. Although she thought in her head 'I think your going to be the only one to make me happy.' Whereas in Draco's head 'I want to make you happy for the rest of my life, to see you smile like that all the time, it is my mission even if I'm not the one to be able to do it.' They both thought about these things but were too afraid of the rejection or that they would ruin what they had. No one knew they had feelings for each other except Hermione and Narcissa Draco's mother, only because they had confronted them and asked. Finally they sorted out a rough schedule for the patrols, they had sorted the prefects and theirs, making sure their was room for movement. After changing into their school robes and placing their badges on the front of their chest. Draco grabbed Maisie's hands and begun dancing with her watching her laugh and giggle. Ready for the school year to begin but each scared of what it entailed, not knowing that someone was determined watching them with envious eyes that they're going to split them apart.