he eyed Dean with a harsh glare. "Two goblins- one's dead, got in the way of a cutting curse. The other one's bound over there." Dean saw Griphook lying sideways, swamp water no doubt getting in his eyes, and hands bound behind his back. That meant that Gornuk was dead. Dean wasn't as close to the Goblins as he was his human friends, but they were still traveling companions and sort of allies, so it pained Dean to know Gornuk was gone. "Tie this one up with him" the Snatcher not holding him growled, gesturing to Dean. Scabior poked the wand to his back, obviously wanting Dean to move over to Griphook to be tied up. Dean stumbled for a moment, and his head turned slightly, putting Ted in his line of sight. Suddenly, fury over took him. He was a Gryffindor, for Merlin's sake, and here he was being effortlessly pushed around by the enemy. He was angry at the snatchers for killing his friends, and angry at the wizarding world for letting the war happen by burying their heads in the sand. He felt guilty for not being able to do more to save Ted and Gornuk, guilty he wasn't able to do more in the war and to protect his family. Most of all, he was angry at the man who had started this nightmare, and whose very name increased the death toll every time it was uttered. Something inside him snapped, and the old Dean came back out, the Dean who had stood up to Umbridge and fought against the enemy. He let his head snap back, hitting Scabior's face with a sickening crunch that promised a broken nose. Dean's head hurt from the blow, but he didn't let that stop him. He grabbed Scabior's fallen wand as Scabior doubled over in pain and whirled around to stun the cold-eyed snatcher, only to find the man already in front of him with his wand pointed at Dean. "You really think you're the first one we've snatched to try to pull some kind of trick?" the man asked. With a snarl Dean thought back to DA lessons and remembered one of Harry's favorite spells. "Expelliarmus!" the cold-eyed man's wand flew out of his hand and Dean smiled in grim triumph. Suddenly Dean found his body frozen, and he crashed to the ground. Scabior glared at him from above, blood leaking from his now crooked nose. Despite his position in the muddy ground, Dean felt a savage satisfaction as he saw the injury. He hoped it hurt. "Episkey" Scabior muttered as best he could, and his nose snapped back into place. "I carry two wands so that vermin like you can't get the drop on me" Scabior sneered. The other man joined Scabior in looming over Dean, dropping the barely conscious Dirk as he did so. "Do you know who I am Mudblood? I'm Fenrir Greyback. If it was the full moon, I'd rip your miserable hide to pieces. For now I'll have to settle for this." Greyback leaned down and punched him several times in the face, hard enough to leave what Dean knew would be considerable bruises. "Maybe now you'll have learned to respect your superiors." "Tie him up" Greyback ordered, and Scabior levitated him over to where Griphook lied. Ropes snapped around his hands. Dean tugged at the ropes, but they were tightly bound. A few feet away he heard Greyback growl furiously. "What's wrong?" Scabior questioned, glancing over to where Greyback was leaned over Dirk's form. "He's dead" Greyback grunted, "died from his injuries from the looks of it." "Damn it Greyback, I said not to be so rough with them! A dead mudblood isn't worth a Knut, now is it? That's ten galleons wasted." Dirk was dead. Another of his friends was dead. And these Snatchers were just upset about how that wasted galleons. His pervious fury chilled to an icy rage. "Don't you lecture me Scabior! Don't forget who's in charge here! We'll just have to take what we've got and keep looking tonight." Scabior sneered, but none the less grabbed Dean and Griphook by the arm, preparing to apparate. "One last thing." Greyback muttered. "Incendio." The flames spewed out of his wand and onto the tent. Greyback kept it up until the fireproof charms broke and the tent began to burn. "Alright, let's go" Greyback strode over to Scabior. Dean turned for one last look at their ruined campsite. The new moon provided no light, but the burning tent, Ted's dreams for the future, crackled brightly as it burned to ashes. The flames highlighted the man's body, as well as Dirk's, both left to rot now in the mud. Dean hoped someone found them. Their families deserved to be able to bury them. Dean thought about Ted's last words to him. About how he couldn't give up, for the sake of everyone he cared about, and so people could go on to live their lives without fearing Death Eaters were around the corner. He thought about Dirk's last words to him, about telling his story so the world would not forget about those who suffered in the war, and so that history would not repeat itself. Dean stared at the scene before him, letting the bodies and flaming tent burn the image into his memory. When the time came to fight, he would be ready. For his family. For his friends. For Ted and Dirk and Gornuk. His arm was suddenly jerked, and the image was lost in the blur of apparition. A/N: Thoughts? Any feedback would be nice, even if its just a few words. Also, if you want to suggest any characters, I can't guarantee I'll write them, but I will try. Also, JK has revealed on Pottermore that Dean's father was a wizard, but didn't tell his wife. He was killed in the First war when he refused to join the Death Eaters. Dean never knew the truth.