until she pressed the pillow over her face to blot them out. In the dark, her fears and doubts were amplified and tangible; she could almost feel them weighing her down. Why did the box open for me? Why me, a Muggle-born? Would the diary be the answer? She had to know. In a swift movement, she had shoved the covers from the bed, and was snatching her wand from the bedside table. Adrenaline gave her energy; with her heart hammering in her chest, she leaped up the flights of stairs to the top floor, her feet barely touching each step. She teetered on the last step, her toes curling over the edge. A few paces away, wandlight gleamed from the edges of Sirius' bedroom door. Harry was awake. She carefully moved towards Regulus' room, reaching out every now and then to steady herself against the cracked, flaking plaster of the wall. A few breathless moments later, she was standing outside Regulus' door, squinting through the gloom at the neatly lettered sign: 'Do not enter without the express permission of Regulus Arcturus Black'. You called me, Regulus. Here I come. The door squeaked slightly as she pushed it open. At night, the room looked more eerie than it had in the grey pre-dawn light. She lit her wand, throwing a shivering circle of light onto the bed and floor as she stepped inside. The shadows wavered, growing around her, reaching for her with long fingers, and then shrinking into themselves as she raised her wand higher. She paused before the dark bulk of the wardrobe, considering. Constant vigilance! A wave of her wand, and the wardrobe doors were creaking open, revealing the assortment of robes she had seen earlier that day, and the now-familiar gleam of polished wood. Her fingers, slick with sweat, slipped on the handle of her wand as she levitated the box onto the floor. In the pale wandlight, her blood on the lid was a crusty black stain, coarse and incongruous against the smooth wood. She tried the latch, but it was once again locked. A pit formed in her gut. She had to offer her blood, again. Bright blood spilled in thin, languorous drops from the newly re-opened cut her hand, spattering the lid anew. She held her breath, her nails digging into her palms as she waited for the lid to raise enough that she could levitate the book from the box and drop it to the floor. She gazed at the little blue book for a moment, her wand raised over it as though it was a dagger. The book seemed to be quite an ordinary one, slightly scuffed and creased, with traces of grime and dust. She hesitated, thinking. One never knew what a magical book could contain, but she had already checked it for curses. She felt drawn to it since earlier that day when she had discovered it, lured by its silent siren call. But was the allure she felt now any different from the yearning to discover new worlds of knowledge, unremarkable from any other book? Just one page. I'll see what is written on the first page and if there's nothing that can explain why the Blood Magic worked for me, I'll go to bed and forget about it, She reached for the slim volume cautiously, as though it might sting her. The cover was soft, worn and faded from years of handling. Now that she had touched it, she had to keep going. Her wand held at the ready, she decisively flicked the book open to the first page. The text within was written in a clear looping hand, peppered with stray splashes and dots of ink. It was certainly a diary, and a child's one at that. Dear Diary, Today is August 31 st , 1972. Tomorrow is the day that I will begin my new life at Hogwarts. I am so excited! I discovered I was magical only earlier this summer – Hermione smiled slightly, momentarily distracted as she remembered her own fascination and eager excitement when she had found out she was a witch. She lightly traced the looping writing with the tip of her finger, imagining with fond nostalgia the scene of the diary entry, so similar to her own first summer before Hogwarts: a childish hand scrawling the words, stacks of freshly bought magical textbooks piled haphazardly alongside the diary, and crisp, new Hogwarts uniforms folded in a trunk. With a sickening lurch, she knew that something unexpected had happened. The words on the page leaped out at her with startling clarity before bleeding together in a smear of ink as her vision began to blur, and a rushing filled her ears. She grasped for her wand, but an onslaught of colors and shapes and a cacophony of sounds filled her senses until she was no longer sure where she was. She reached blindly for something to anchor herself in this tidal wave of magic, but there was nothing, only air. Her feet thumped on something solid, and she instinctively curled into herself, relieved that she had clung to her wand. It was a few moments later when she realized that she was crouching on grass, and that bright sunlight was warming her shivering form. Wherever she was, she would not remain vulnerable. Childish laughter rang in the distance and a sudden gust of wind teased her hair from its braid as she slowly eased herself upright, raising her head to look into the clear blue sky. Her stomach curdled as she realized she was standing in the square patch of grass before Number 12, Grimmauld Place. But this Grimmauld Place, this sunny autumn afternoon with the merry shouts of children wafting on the cool breeze, was as strange and unbelievable to her as though she had stepped into an alternate world. Merlin, what has happened to me? A/N What did happen to Hermione? Review and let me know what you think!