summer, Katie and Cho started a correspondence and deepened their friendship. By the time they went back to school, Katie and Cho considered each other best friends. Every opportunity Katie got during sixth year, she spent time with Cho. They studied together, flew together, and had deep conversations by the moonlit lake. In short, they spent time together at every possible chance. However, they maintained their rivalry on the pitch; but now, it was a friendly rivalry. Their taunts had lost any bite that they might have had, and were often accompanied by a sly smile. Occasionally, Katie felt like she was lying to Cho, or misleading her, because Katie hadn't told Cho about her massive crush on Cho. But whenever those feelings came up, Katie distracted herself until she forgot about them. Life continued though, and their seventh year started out happily enough, when the developing war was disregarded, but Katie was having a harder time than ever ignoring her feelings for Cho. She tried to satisfy herself with their friendship, but it was getting harder and harder. In October, Cho asked Katie to go to Hogsmeade with her as they'd been doing for the past year or so, and Katie said yes as always. When they were at the Three Broomsticks, Katie went to go to the bathroom, but, unlike last year, something happened while she was there, because the next thing she remembered was waking up alone in St. Mungo's. After a battery of tests and treatments, her parents were finally allowed to see her. It was great to see them again. It was weeks before she was able to hold a conversation, but when she was, she took the opportunity to ask them what to do about Cho. Both her moms encouraged her to confess her feelings, which was honestly shocking because her moms were usually the bicker and disagree type. Katie resolved herself to tell Cho everything the next time she saw her. It was April by the time Katie was released to go back to school, and she had been itching to get back for ages. As she walked through the castle to Ravenclaw tower, she rehearsed what she would say to Cho again. She'd had the words planned for months- there really wasn't much to do in the hospital besides school work. As she slowly made her way down a corridor, she saw Cho come around the corner. Her hands were full of books, so she must have been heading to the library. Katie started walking faster, and as she did, she made eye contact with Cho, and as soon as she did, Cho dropped her books, and started running towards Katie. Katie opened her arms and braced herself, because it was clear that Cho had no intention to slow down. Cho grabbed Katie in a hug and spun her around, both of them laughing happily. They bumped into a wall, and still hugging Katie, Cho leaned down for a kiss. Katie reciprocated after a few seconds of stunned stillness. Then, she slid her tongue into Cho's mouth. Katie reveled in the taste of her mouth. This was what Katie had daydreamed about for years now, and it was everything she had dreamed it would be. All good things must come to an end, and so too did their kiss. Katie broke away from Cho and took a deep breath. Cho leaned in for another kiss, but as much as she wanted to, Katie put her palm on Cho's chest and shook her head, "We really should talk, you know," Katie said, a little breathlessly. Cho pouted, and Katie nearly lost her resolve and leaned in to kiss her again, but she just managed to stay strong. "I've wanted to do that for years," Katie admitted. "So have I, and so much more," Cho said, tracing Katie's jawline and being otherwise incredibly distracting. Katie took a deep, shuddering breath and leaned into Cho's hand, "I guess we don't have too much to talk about then. Will you be my girlfriend?" Cho nodded, and leaned in for another kiss. Katie was able to catch up on her school work with the help of Cho, and take her N.E.W.T.s on time. Unfortunately, her plan to join a professional Quidditch team was derailed by Voldemort and her blood status. Cho helped her go into hiding, and she lived in France anxiously scouring the news for word of Cho and with an eye always on the sky, watching for an owl. One day, that owl did come. It was time to go return to Hogwarts. The final battle was upon them. When Katie arrived in the Room of Requirement, the first person she saw, and the only person she had eyes for was Cho. They stole a quick kiss that was no less passionate for its brevity, before heading into the fray. They tore through the Death Eaters, leaving no survivors. Katie and Cho were the perfect team, able to anticipate each other's every move, a skill learned on the Quidditch pitch and honed through many private dueling practice sessions. Somehow, somehow they both made it to that courtyard, and Voldemort declared Harry dead. Katie turned to Cho, ready to share one last kiss before going down fighting. And she saw in Cho's eyes the same certainty and felt that passion in their kiss. Then, Neville was decapitating that horrid snake. Then Harry was getting up! Then Voldemort and Harry were dueling. Then everyone started fighting. Katie and Cho headed right back into the fray. They managed to take down a few more Death Eating scum. Then, Voldemort was dead. And time seemed to stop. The battle ended quickly after that. There were still death eaters to catch, but that was a job for the Auror's. Cho began her higher education. Katie was contacted by several Quidditch teams that had lost players to the war. Cho moved into Katie's flat. Katie proposed to Cho. Cho said yes.