I thought it was just keeping your dick nice and cozy." "I can easily summon your gag." Voldemort said. "Ride me." He ordered. Harry laughed. He placed both of his hands on the Dark Lord's chest and raised his hips. As his Lord's slowly dragged out of him, skin-on-skin dragged painfully attacked each other. He whined and lifted himself more, pulling off completely. Cum leaked out, he shivered, and slowly came back down on his cock again. Once upon a time, this had been painful and he hated every moment. Now, Harry relished the feeling of the Dark Lord's dick in him, the fullness . He knew he belonged completely to his Lord, but when he was led bruised, bloody, and filled with his cum, it rang beautifully . "Harry." Voldemort tightened his hand over the stupid bruise on his waist. He barely kept himself from yelling out in pain, his own dick hardening quickly. "I'm moving, my Lord." He promised. Harry quickly set a pace, forcing himself down onto his Lord's dick down to the hilt, raising himself slowly before slamming down. His thighs quivered as he attempted to quicken the pace, desperate to get more friction and to get the same feeling he'd get if he was being held down and fucked raw. Merlin, he wished his face was shoved into the pillows, the Dark Lord's cock slamming into him every second and drawing blood out of him. He'd had that just earlier, now he had to do the work for his Lord. He owed it to him . Eventually, Voldemort's hands grabbed his hips and began to help the push and pull. "Good boy." The Dark Lord approved. "I can't ." Harry whined. "Please, my Lord, not enough!" He begged, even as Voldemort's cock dug hard against his prostate. He had to do it for him, but he couldn't . "I need you to fuck me, please, I can't." "Oh, my sweet boy, I am fucking you." Voldemort said. "Please, please." Harry repeated, closing his eyes tight. He rotated his hips before dragging them back down. "Get off." Voldemort ordered. " Please ." Harry dug his nails into the wizard's chest. "On your knees. Arch your back. Now." Voldemort ordered again. Harry nodded and slowly pulled himself off, crawling around. He propped his hips up with his knees, letting his arms crash uncomfortably underneath him. He laid his cheek against the mattress, against the soft cotton sheets, and arched his back- presenting himself, the way his Lord wanted and liked . Voldemort grasped Harry's waist with one hand and slammed him back. He used his other hand to pull at Harry's hair, setting a quick, rapid pace. Harry's eyes rolled back into his head, moaning, adoring the feeling of his Lord's cock slamming into him. He could finally feel it, his rim being dragged and tearing, the cum from earlier being forced out with every thrust. He didn't last long, coming on the bed. His back hurt, he kept it arched as his Lord continued. It almost hurt, he was so fucking sensitive , and his moans turned into screams he couldn't tell because he was enjoying it too much or because it just hurt. He imagined what it looked like, his Lord's cock turning him inside out, easily warping him into the slut he was born to be. Harry came again when his Lord filled him, a hand pulled at his hand and pain stinging from his waist. It'd probably hurt to move for a while. He cooed happily, shoving his hips back and just enjoying . Voldemort's hand wrapped around and pressed against his stomach. "Wha's'it?" Harry questioned. His Lord chuckled. "Your stomach's bulging." Harry whimpered. His cock twitched. Merlin, he couldn't go another round, but he really, really wanted to. So I KNOW I suck at writing smut, but hopefully it wasn't too fucking horrible lmao. Hope it gave gals that funny little feeling in their stomach and guys a hard dick! :D I like dirty talk but I tried not to press on it too much, but I also think the HPxLV sex life would be so incredibly dirty I definitely can't write it. Like blood, bruises, roughness, dirty talk, fucking rope and all sorts of dirty shit. They've definitely had sex where Voldemort choked Harry and fucked him so hard he passed out. Like, at least twice. 99.99999999% sure they'd do shit that would make porn stars fucking blush. I apologize for the lack of any details that might make things from making total sense, but it's six am. I haven't slept it, spent maybe an hour and a half on this story? Managed to get to 3.4k words though! Like omg, I need to go the fuck to sleep but I'm happy I wrote this! If I actually slept the way I should, I bet this story could've reached 5k. But do I sleep like a normal teenager? Nope! I had to write! And while it might be crappy writing, idgaf I'm so fucking PROUD of myself. Why? Idk. Just am. Don't judge me. be nice. This actually began a drabble, only like three hundred words, but then I was like 'fuck it' and I just continued writing. I'm scared Harry's character wasn't entirely constant, and I probably didn't add in enough detail to properly show why Harry and Voldemort's relationship is the way it is. Basically it's like Voldie kidnapped Harry 'cause he was a Horcrux (only he hasn't told Harry about his Horcruxes lmao), made him his sex slave/consort, p much raped him and brainwashed him until Harry was subservient, and now Harry's all happy to be with his Lord! Yay! Kinda dark if I think too much on it...ah well my existence is dark who gives a fuck? p.s. I made Sirius live because I like Sirius, fucking sue me. p.s.s. i might've taken codeine and wrote this lmao so i apologize for anything that seems too stupid