for a second. Professor Mcgonagall spun around to her other two students. "Mr Zabini, please take Draco to the Hospital Wing at once. Ask Madam Pomfrey to check him over." "Yes Professor." Blaise nodded as he grabbed Draco's arm and led him in the direction of the school infirmary. Mcgonagall turned blazing eyes on Hermione. "Miss Granger. With me. Now" The headmistress said in a voice that left no room for argument. The older witch spun on her heel and set off in the direction of her office while Hermione trailed behind her looking defeated. Hermione settled herself into the chair in front of Professor Mcgonagall's desk; the headmistress sighed and shook her head as she looked at the young girl opposite her. "Miss Granger what on earth were you thinking?" "I heard him professor. I heard him say mudblood" Hermione demanded through gritted teeth. "And you think that is justification for attacking him?" Mcgonagall asked incredulously. Hermione stared at her professor with an expression that would have made anyone else shy away but the headmistress just met her gaze with equal fire. "No one gets to use that word. Not anymore. Not after all of the things that people have sacrificed to rid this world of bigoted thinking like that. No one gets to say it. Especially not Draco Malfoy with all of the things that his family has done." "I can understand why that word affects you the way that it does. But if I remember correctly, you were one of the people who spoke out in favour of the Malfoy family being pardoned." Mcgonagall pointed out. "That was when I thought they had changed." Hermione stood up out of her chair as her anger took hold. "But people like them can never change Professor. Draco proved that this evening." "I would not have allowed Mr Malfoy to return to this school if I did not think he had changed." The headmistress said in a measured tone. "Everyone can change Hermione. Just look at you. Before this war you would never have attacked anyone without just cause." "But…" Hermione began, stopping short when Mcgonagall raised her hand. "I am not finished Miss Granger." The older woman ground out. "In what context did Mr Malfoy use the word?" "Context?" Hermione asked bewildered. "What does it matter what context he used it in?" "Hermione, it makes all the difference in the world." Mcgonagall said gently. "If Mr Malfoy had called you a Mudblood I could understand how it would make you so angry. But if he simply used it in conversation you have hurt the boy for no reason." Hermione scoffed. "What conversation could he be having where saying that could be justified?" Minerva Mcgonagall observed her student over her glasses for moment, reminding Hermione distinctly of Albus Dumbledore. "Perhaps you should find out." "And how do you suggest I do that Professor?" Hermione shot back. "Surely you aren't proposing that I seek Draco out and have a jolly little conversation with him about it." "Certainly not Miss Granger" Mcgonagall said in a hard tone. "I would not trust you within 100 yards of Mr Malfoy." Hermione spun around the glare at the older woman. "You don't trust me?" she asked in a voice that cracked with emotion. Professor Mcgonagall had always been her favourite teacher, her mentor and now someone she classed as a friend. "This version of you, Hermione?" Minerva asked as she stood up too, moving around her desk to stand in front of the bushy haired girl. "I don't know the girl that I saw tonight. A girl that would gladly attack an unarmed boy. The thing that has always made you so special Hermione is your strong sense of justice and that you can see past what other people cannot. That you can see the true heart of a person." "Professor, what if that girl is gone?" Hermione asked as tears began to slide down her cheeks. "What if I can never be the girl that I was before the war?" "Oh my dear." The older woman sighed as she pulled Hermione into an embrace. "Of course you can never be the person that you were before the war. Experiences like that leave an indelible mark on your soul. But that does not mean that you have to lose the qualities that make you who you are." Hermione gripped onto her professor's robes, breathing in the woman's scent and finding that it eased the aching in her chest. "I'm so angry all of the time." She admitted. "Of course you are." Mcgonagall said, squeezing the girl tighter. "So many thoroughly unfair things have happened to you. You have been forced to grow up well before your time. You have been forced to endure things that grown adults would struggle to recover from. You have seen things that no person should have to see. You are entirely justified in feeling angry. But I think tonight you may have directed your anger at the wrong person." The older witch leant back to look at Hermione. "Draco Malfoy is not to blame for the things that Bellatrix has done." "I know Professor." Hermione nodded as she untangled herself from Mcgonagall's arms. Mcgonagall moved away from the younger girl and headed back around her desk. "I want you to have a better understanding of what happened tonight." She said as she pointed her wand at the top drawer of her desk and unlocked it. She slid the drawer open and took out a familiar object. "Maybe if you saw the incident from another perspective you might gain a new perspective on Mr Malfoy." Hermione reached across the headmistress' desk and carefully took the time turner from the older woman. Thanks for reading. If you liked it let me know. Anything else you'd like to see just drop it in the review. I have a really busy job so I will try to update every week to every other week.