floor. His head slammed against the ground, and he stared at the lamp, posted above him, spinning around in circles as the light grew dimmer until it turned back and sent him into nothingness. Hermione sat at her desk, a quill in her hand and a blank parchment in front of her. Next to the paper, was the article on Draco Malfoy. Her attention kept going back to the photo of him sitting in the cafe. He still looked very much like how she remembered, though older. Malfoy kept his stylishness about, always well dressed, and not a single hair out of place. And from the looks of it, not only was he taller, but he was leaner. His shoulders were filled out and his jaw was more defined. She found herself wishing the photo was clearer, so she could get a better look at his face. "Mrow." She snapped her head up from the newspaper, her nose nearly touching the print, and glanced shyly over at her companion, "Not a word to about this to anyone." She booped his nose as he stared at the photo. Hermione could almost see the disgust in his face as he looked at the man in the moving picture. "It'd be weird just to reach out to him out of the blue, wouldn't it?" She spoke more to herself than Crookshanks, "I haven't spoken or seen him since the battle at Hogwarts." A pause, "Four years..." Hermione laced her quill through her fingers as her eyes trailed back down to the picture. "Must've been a difficult four years for you." Malfoy leaned back in his chair, his foot bumping against the coffee table while his companion wiped his brow, looking around suspiciously. "How do I reach out to you?" "What in the-" Draco groaned as a trembling hand raised towards his face and gingerly touched his nose, "Fuck!" He slowly opened his eyes, his vision slowly adjusting to the dark room. His head throbbed terribly from dehydration. It was, yet another, hangover. Where am I? His hands felt around for what he was lying upon -a soft and warm comforter, filled with his own body heat. It smelled of booze and his cologne. His head pounded in protest to the new scent. Confusion (and pain) filled his thoughts as he pushed himself up; a finger lightly rubbing against his broken nose. How the Hell did this happen? "Damn," He muttered, feeling dried blood caked under his nostrils, "Damn it." Tap. Tap. Tap. Draco winced, focusing his attention towards the overpowering rapping sound coming from the curtained window. His head throbbed yet again. While he had no real sense of the current time, he surmised it was still dark outside given no light was shining through the drapery. He could have had a few more hours of sleep instead of dealing with his condition now. Who would be sending an owl at this time? He reached out for his wand, lying conveniently next to him, "Lumos." A (superbly) bright orb gathered energy and formed at the tip of his wand, forcing Draco to turn away, shutting his eyes. "Damn it all to Hell." He made his way slowly to the wall and drew back the screen. Draco was greeted by an especially small tawny owl with an oversized scroll attached to its leg. It hooted, relieved someone answered its call. The poor thing, exhausted from its journey, flailed about helplessly as it tried to maintain its balance. Draco pushed the window open, allowing the bird to enter. As he went to close the window, he caught a glimpse of his own reflection. Draco leaned in, positioning his wand to get a better view of his damaged beautiful face. Not only did he fashion a wicked broken nose, he also wore a black eye. Did he get into a fight of some sort? When? With whom? How? His head thumped, exhausted from all the thinking, already. The blonde sighed and turned away from his reflection and towards the owl. "What have you there, boy?" The bird stuck a leg out and gave him a sarcastic (at least, it's what Draco imagined) hoot. He reached forward with his free hand and untied the note, relieving the owl of its heavy burden. "Thank you." Though Draco wasn't in the best state of mind to read the letter, curiosity did get the best of him. It'd been some time since he received an actual letter. When the public found out Draco had been acquitted of all crimes, the letters began to pour in, sometimes hundreds of Howlers each day. Most of the time the voices were concealed, hiding their identity, as they screamed in his face how he deserved to die and rot in Azkaban. One Howler went as far to threaten his life , stating, 'Magic's too good for someone like you. If I find you in a dark alleyway, I'll slit your throat and dump your body in the ocean to let the fish have their way with you.' Ever since then, he didn't trust the post. ' Dear Mr. Malfoy, I am a wealthy, independent entrepreneur who, by word of mouth, has heard of your promising business, The Ancient Quill. It is my desire to discuss possible business endeavours with you at your earliest convenience. I will be at The Three Broomsticks Thursday evening at precisely 6PM. If interested, please bring a copy of your projected earnings for the year, as well as a can-do attitude! Sincerely, An Interested Party' An interested party? -An interested party! Draco read and re-read the letter, sure that he'd skipped over some verbal abuse or how it was all some sick joke. When he decided this was, indeed, the actual message that 'an interested party' meant to send (they'd written his name, so they knew who they wrote to, and they even named the business that just tanked…) he shot his fist up into the air and shouted, "Yes!"