was also his mother's disloyalty and preference for The Greasy Git. She left them. Didn't bother to even see Harry until she wanted him to meet his new baby half-sister. She tried taking custody of him, but Harry's dad had connections in the Ministry and she never managed to come close. She settled with the occasional visit, then with weekend stays every other week. Harry loved her because she was his mother, but he hated her because she betrayed his dad, her husband, and just left him, not caring about his feelings. Her selfishness nearly destroyed James Potter. Harry hated her for that, not a single doubt in his mind. As much as he did love her, what was left of the love a son had for his mother, he knew he wouldn't cry when she died. In a long complicated road, Dark magic was behind it. Harry wondered what would've driven them apart if there was no Tom Riddle to discreetly encourage its legality. It put things in perspective, made him realize how things that seem completely unrelated can easily influence something that's effected your life profoundly. He wondered how many other lives were effected by Tom Riddle and Dark magic, without anyone realizing it. He wondered if Tom Riddle knew how he'd effected the world. Had to, Harry thought. The motivation to encourage Dark magic was probably to effect the world somehow. This effected that and that effected this and this effected what ? Harry filled a journal with things about Tom Riddle. Tom M. Riddle, born December 31st in 1926. Attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry as a Slytherin from 1937 to 1946. He graduated and whatever he did directly after graduation wasn't well documented, but his return was detailed after he started making lists of accomplishments. He spent 1950 to 1960 abroad, studying magic in foreign countries. He proved himself to be a scholarly man, too. He's the author of over a hundred books for a range of subjects, from basic charms to advanced Dark magic. He seemed to publish at least five new books every year . Harry wondered how many people admired the wizard the way he (did) was beginning to. Harry took his every other weekend visits at his mother's gratefully, hoping for all he could that Tom would be there. He never was. It made him, to be honest - it made him sad. The weekend before he returned to Hogwarts belonged to his mother. Tom Riddle stayed for Sunday dinner. "What House are you in?" Tom asked him partway into the meal. Harry was poking his steak when he asked. "He's a Slytherin!" Rosemary proclaimed for him. "Really?" Tom sipped his goblet. It was a simple-looking cup, but he always managed to look like a god. "I have to admit, I would've thought Gryffindor. Often, children go into the same House as one of their parents." "My godfather says I'm the Black sheep." Harry said, cheeks tinted red. "He calls himself the Potter sheep, since he's a Black but he was a Gryffindor and never really, um, fit in…I fit in alright, though. It's like a job." He rambled out an explanation, wanted to punch himself in the chest. "Sirius Black is your godfather, yes? I know his brother." Tom said. "If I recall correctly, he is the brother of Regulus Black?" "Um, yeah." Harry nodded. "Harry's in the Dueling Club." His mother proclaimed. Harry blinked. How did she know that? "Dueling? Are you any good?" Tom asked. "I think. Professor Crouch tells me I have good form, but I get in trouble during sparring. I use to many curses and Dark magic and, uh, I'm not supposed to as much as I do. Something about spell variety." Harry said. "In a real duel, a variety of spells is essential." Tom said. "However, I've found, for some, advanced knowledge on certain subjects can go just as long a way as a balanced knowledge of all subjects. For the mediocre, they need balance. For the strong, advanced is best. For the great…They take both though they don't need to." He looked into Harry's eyes. "Would you like to be strong, or great?" Harry swallowed the spit in his mouth. "Um, great?" "Good answer. Next time, state it, don't question yourself." Tom turned his attention away from Harry, like taking the sun away from a plant that's spent his life in the shade. He turned to Severus, asked a question about his work on some poison. So this is unfinished and idk if I'll ever continue it. I wrote it well after midnight, so it's probably riddled with mistakes and plot holes, but hEy. I like the idea I have of it though. I have a headcanon that James and Lily wouldn't have stayed married because they married directly after Hogwarts, had a kid, and honestly, starting a family when you're barely an adult never works out well. If the circumstances were right, Severus would've apologized to Lily and benefit off of her dissolving marriage. She'd move from James to him, do what so many other mothers have done; leave their husband and child without a look back. Cheating, divorce, abandonment...it happens more than you think. All the right ingredients add up to the world this story lays in. The idea is, I think, likable and deserves me be expanded on more but...I doubt I will with this story. Thinking about trying to write something else with the basic idea that's in this story, only not centered around romance and a lot longer, but that has to wait until I'm done with Oblivion. IF I EVER FUCKING FINISH IT. to those who don't know what i'm talking about, don't worry, i'm just a total procrastinator and i write shit instead writing the crap i should be writing. Anyways...this is hardcore unfinished, but I doubt I'll ever continue it. Still wanted to post it though. So it'll be marked incomplete! Peace out y'all