you were not alone." He snorts bitterly and looks away. "This family much resembled my biological one in the end." "Oh?" he inquires, knowing it isn't going to be pleasant. "As you changed, so did we. Hiding from muggles became massacring them. Muggleborns became mudbloods. Prueblood supremacy became the rule. Who would listen to the outcast half-blood? Even one favored by the Dark Lord. He was gone and they were not. Obviously they knew best." "And none stood by you?" "Most were in Azkaban. Those who weren't were quick to claim Imperius and continue on. No one was who we use to be. They saw my switch as betrayal. None thought it for the best. None saw anything wrong with who you were and those who did kept their mouths shut. Who would listen?" "And so you continued alone." "I am no politician. I continued what I could. Hated by one side, mistrusted by the other. It was not as if I was not accustomed to the position." The desire to take his heir into his arms is strong. For all that he is cold and Dark, he is not heartless. And right now it is screaming at him to comfort the wounded creature in front of him, glaring defiantly, daring him to reject him as well. Approach is not wise logically, but his stunted emotions do not care. This is his boy. His . He is the one responsible for him, both physically and emotionally. "Soldier on," he murmurs softly. It is what Severus is good at. His life is a battlefield. A fight he can never win. He stands up and instantly, as expected, the other is on high alert. As he slowly approaches, the tension builds. As soon as he is in touching distance, there is a wand trained on his heart. His eyes have a wild look to them. He stops and carefully does not move. He is under no impression that his youngest will hesitate to curse him. "Yet again you were left behind," he says, "After I promised never again, you were. You were mine and I left you with the wolves." The wand does not waver from its position. "Even after I returned, I was not back. I did not care. So you continued as you were. But now, are you with me now?" "The monster is gone momentarily, but is he lurking in the shadows waiting to return?" his tone is sharp, mistrusting. "No." "And how am I able to trust that? What keeps you from turning again?" "I once promised you always. Now I will Vow it, if that is what it takes," he says, completely serious. Severus' eyes widen at that. Both of them know this is no idle promise. To Vow it is the ultimate form of trust and willingness. For who Vows on something that could kill them? Who plays that lightly with their life that they would Vow on empty words? Even the most idiotic wizards do not offer this frivolously . Or at all. He nods. "I, Gaius Marvolo Riddle, do hereby Vow on my magic that my goals are once what they were. I wish to achieve change, not massacre. I strive no more for immortality but power and reform. I am Dark, but I am not evil. So mote it be." A flash of magic blinds momentarily and then vanishes. It is only then that the wand is lowered, but not sheaved. Some of the wariness is gone, but not all. It is a step, a large one, but not enough. Not yet. It will take time and effort. But it is a start. He is able to lay a comforting hand on his heir's shoulder and that is a good start indeed. "You have yet to tell me what you have actually continued," he mentions and feels the slight jerk in response. "What of the boy?" he asks instead. "Boy?" He has no idea who he is referring to. What boy? "Lily's boy. Harry Potter. What of him?" Ah, of course, that boy. "Sins of the parents are not reflected on the child." "And yet it was the child who is hailed as your killer." "Are you suggesting the boy is responsible?" "No, but the Wizarding World does. And you have targeted him more than once." "You care for him? More than just as the son of a lost love?" "He is one of mine," he says and here is the defiance again. The challenge to take issue with it. To revert and curse him. And he knows that tone of voice. He knows what it means, what was left unsaid. "He is a Slytherin." A nod. "He is not just one of yours. He is yours." His youngest does not correct him, just continues to stare. Yes, just as he has a favorite, so does Severus. It is interesting who he has picked. "And yet before you cursed the very name of Potter." "He is not his Father." "That did not seem to matter before." "Those who do not change do not survive." "True. Now tell me why without your pretty words," he orders sternly. "As we once were, so is he." It is still not a straight answer. Still vague. But the meaning is clear enough. Yes, that does make sense. It explains much of the fierce protectiveness in his gaze. He knows that his heir will fight to the death for one he considers his. And now Harry Potter is his. "The boy is yours, I will not take him from you." Another nod. "I do not fancy another death quite yet," he teases. His boy smirks viciously. It is then the wand disappears back into his holster. He takes the final step, resting his forehead against the others', Hufflepuff sentiment be damned. They stay like that for a long moment. Yes, this is a start indeed. He pulls away, grinning sharply. "Now, to work. What shall we begin with?"