portable swamp! (side effect may include sour face, red face, big tongue, chicken feathers protruding from your hair, cat ears appearing on top of your head, a foxtail appearing behind your tailbone, and certain other unknown side effects, please inform us if you discover any that have not been mentioned before this line.) Now, back to our original program! That will learn her to be more serious, and not keep important information from him! [insert for-the-greater-good laughter here] (For the people who want to know what for-the-greater-good laughter sounds like, ever heard evil laughter, make that into a manly giggle, and put a bit of ponypower in it, then you have the opposite, then you pull dark lord laughter through it, mix that up, and you've got your for-the-greater-good laughter… it's not that different from the original really… I may even go so far as to state it is even more nerve wracking…) "Ah Arabella, Why don't you come through. take a seat, Lemon drop?" The man said when she finally came through and was seated. Time to get the intere-… ehm… conversation started… [insert for the greater good laughter again, this time hidden behind a grandfatherly smile and a lot of coughs…] "Are you okay Albus, that cough sounded not very healthy, do you want me to get Poppy?" Even though the headmaster shook no, still coughing like mad, Arabella Figg had already called Poppy to the office, this would buy a lot of time for a certain young man. In the mean time, Secret location somewhere in Great Britain, in a house next to a graveyard in a small little village, Well, that is enough information, otherwise you would all find out where it is the dark lord resides, I do not get payed enough by Dumbledore to give out that much detail, oh right, and something about a dark lord standing with his wand pointed at my head… so I won't. ("can someone get me out of this place now? Hello?! Hello-oo… Where is everyone…?") Where were we… oh right… Harry appeared next to Bellatrix Lestrange and the other four death eaters in front of The dark lord's hide out, Harry's world was turning around him and he had to struggle to keep the little he had in his stomach inside of him. He was scurried off into a room where he came face to face with someone he would have felt pure hatred to if it was any other time, but this summer was different, his so called relatives put him through the worst of the worst, and even though he knew someone had been on guard, and most likely would have noticed he had been hurt by his relatives, they didn't do anything against it. And so a conversation started about childhood and bigotry, of family, abuse and neglect. This went on for over three hours, and still they were talking. In the end Harry and Marvolo were talking about the different mistakes both sides had made in the battle of the ministry, which was more a small covert operation then a battle, but still… Harry received praise of how he had trained his rag tag group of misfits, and had gotten tips and tricks on how to do better in a next battle. After hours of talking Harry left and went to a local motel for the night to think over everything he had learned(off course Bella went with him as a bodyguard (she assured him)), and how he seemed to be making a diplomatic agreement with a dark lord, and even had a few good words with the killer of his godfather, what apparently was an agreement between sirius and the borderline crazy woman, "if anyone kills me, I want it to be family that does it," He had told her a long time ago. Dumbledore's office, Hogwarts A meeting had finally ended, or rather, Poppy left the headmaster after assuring Arrabella that there seemed to be nothing wrong with the old man. This had for some reason gone on as long as the meeting between marvolo and harry had(and was far less productive), and so it was the headmaster finally heard what Arabella had to say, and so he was over three hours too late to act. "Why didn't you tell me so earlier! This is very important information." Albus scolded the elderly squib standing in front of him. "I told you that when I called you! Didn't you listen to me during our firecall?!" And so another hour went by discussing the problem at hand, and in this time they had not even come a bit closer to finding out what to do. And so it was far into the night that Albus called the rest of the order to him. When the news broke that Harry was apparently captured by Voldemort supporters the room was in havoc again, and again very precious time went by. Harry in the meantime was sleeping on a very comfortable bed whilst Bella was sleeping on the couch in the very nice room payed by the LeStrange family via Bella(with about 5 million different wards put there in place by the borderline insane witch, under which an observation ward on harry's room, and a notification ward on his person for when he woke up). I am still trying to find my way of writing, and not make it so chaotic that others can't read it anymore, which is very useful in a diary or on of those personal things, but if you want others to read it... it's not very useful... So hope it's chaotic enough for you to know it's me who wrote it, but good enough to be readable. If you have got an idea for me to maybe interpret or there is something you see that is not right, please send me a review or PM, I will answer, and maybe I will work on your idea(if my brain finds it agreeable...).