Magical Creatures and Beings are being minded better than before, with actual benefits available to them. Furthermore, I plan to implement a magical primary school here in England, in order to better prepare our children(all of them) for Hogwarts. Times have been hard, but now is when we rise out of the darkness of war, together. Working together, we can ensure that Magical Britain flourishes brighter than it ever has. No longer will we segregate by blood status or magical cores. No longer shall we allow the world to make a mockery of us. We are going to join the rest of the magical community in the present day, and we will be branching our acceptance out. It will not be easy. Yet the best things in life never are. It will take time and work, but together, we can rebuild our lives. Do not think of this as an ending, for it is truly a beginning for Magical Britain. It is an end to begin with. Will you assist me, in this new beginning? 1984: Magus, the very first primary educational facility in Magical Britain and Ireland, opened. The Dark Lord appointed Narcissa Malfoy as the Headmistress and Molly Weasley as her Deputy. 1985: Lord Voldemort's Unforgivable List was made legally binding. 1986: Lord Voldemort appointed Bartemius Crouch Jr. as Minister for Magic. He then appointed Severus Snape as Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardy, and Minerva McGonagall as his Deputy. 1987: The Dark Lord appointed Lucius Malfoy and Bellatrix Lestrange as the Heads of the Dueling Arena, where magical beings could go to train and receive tutoring in their magic. 1990: Lord Voldemort single-handedly protected Hogwarts from an assault by a foreign Dark Lord by the name of Lars Estruc. 1994: France and Norway attempted to reinstate the TriWizard Tournament, but to no avail. Lord Voldemort promised that 2001 would be the proper time to hold such an event. Lord Voldemort's reign has been fair and timely. In the wake of his takeover, Magical Britain has grown under his ideals and command. All for the better. 2. Explain why Albus Dumbledore would not have succeeded in winning the war with only his philosophy, 'for the Great Good' to guide him. The Dark Lord Gellert Grindelwald also lived by the same belief. His mark was left on every location that he and his people attacked. Seared into the earth, unable to be magically removed. The phrase holds painful memories for many people. To share the philosophy of a man who murdered hundreds of thousands of Muggles and Magicals, is not only foolish, but suspicious. Albus Dumbledore truly believed he was doing what was right, which is more than what could be said for his totalitarian friend, Grindelwald. When news of his and the former Dark Lord's friendship had been made known, Dumbledore lost credibility among the eyes of Magical Britain. By keeping such important information secret, he was easily exposed. He could not have lasted long under the belief that 'anything for the Great Good' was okay. Often times, Dumbledore sacrificed people to get achieve his means. All in his misguided notion that the 'Greater Good' was worth it. Magical Britain did not allow him to continue his Headmastership of Hogwarts and they wouldn't have allowed him to lead them in any fashion. Even against another Dark Lord. His actions would have been eventually noticed and a rebellion would have arisen in response to him. 3. List and define as many of the rules on Lord Voldemort's Unforgivable List, as you can, in Alphabetical Order. Note: The list I wrote above, in Alphabetical order by first word.(Too lazy to write it out again.) 4. Why is Parseltongue not an evil ability? A language cannot be evil. Language is only a method of communication between species and races. Usually spoken, though many have written forms. Some only have written forms. Others are merely signed. It is unfair to label an entire language, simply because the person who used it was evil. Also, 'evil' is a subjective word. Not every person is going to share the same beliefs on Good and Evil. Therefore it is impossible to ever truly know what is evil and what is good. Many people believe themselves to be good, based upon their own experiences and feelings. Where they are 'good' and do 'good' things, another might disagree. Therefore, one cannot truly know what is Good or Evil. Both are based off of intent. And as a language cannot in any way, shape, or form, have intent, it cannot be evil. 5. Why is the use of the Dark Arts not expressly taught in core classes at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry? Dark Magic, like any other kind of magic, needs to be taken and practised in low quantities, for beginners. It is unhealthy for those who have never been around Dark Magic, never used Dark Magic, or who don't have Dark Cores, to be exposed to too much at once. Dark Magic holds addictive qualities and requires refined control over one's magic. It is therefore important that children do not attempt to use such until they are at least fifteen. Beginners need a guide who is experienced, to be with them as they are learning. Hogwarts' cores classes teach basic knowledge on how to survive in Magical Britain's society and the Wizarding World. The Dark Arts do not fall into that category. In order to learn extensively, one would need to be apprenticed to a Dark Arts Master, or attend one of the Universities on the continent. Generally, Hogwarts students do not possess the self-control or magical power necessary to wield Dark Magic. There is a small class offered for those in their seventh year, who show aptitude. It is taught by Euphemia Rowle. A/N: The first is done! How was it? Let me know! Check out my other Harrymort fics! See ya! :D CHECK ME OUT ON TUMBLR. HELLY-WATERMELONSMELLINFELLON. I FOLLOW BACK.