and things that make him happy stem from his sadism. He shows little empathy for other living things, especially things he has no connection to. He has violent fantasies that are increasing with age, but he's developing a variety of methods to help him avoid acting them out." Dr. Bates had told her. "Are you diagnosing him with anything?" She asked. "He's too young for that." Dr. Bates said. "I don't believe he'll be growing out of these urges, but there's no way to diagnose anyone until they're an adult. He's still changing, developing. Every day contains experiences that can greatly alter his perception of the world and his own mind. It's a good thing he was brought to me when he was. He could've quickly escalated to humans out of pure boredom." Dr. Bates didn't always reassure her. Harry was growing into a splendid young boy. Not many things caught his interest, but he had begun gardening with her. Lily loved it when he was with her out in the sun. Her boy had inherited her skin, though he didn't burn nearly as quick she did. Still, she made sure they both had sun-repelling charms on before they went out. They grew flowers, herbs, and vegetables. She dreamed of growing her own grapes. Harry seemed to find some sort of peace with her, knees in the grass and nails lined with dirt. Harry wasn't a fan of reading like Lily had been, he struggled to sit in the same place and remain focused to get through a chapter of any book he had in his lap. Still, he was capable of reading. It took him about a week to get through a single book, reading bit by bit every day until he finished. He liked textbooks- on potions, biology, chemistry, maths, general sciences, and magical creatures. He didn't always understand them, he often had to ask what a word meant or look it up in a dictionary, but he was a determined young boy. Sirius liked to buy Harry animals for them to dissect together. Sirius, of course, had once spent an hour in the bathroom vomiting after witnessing Harry cut into a pup that was dead when born. He came back stubborn, bit sick in the face, but desperate to get through it with his godson. Lily thought there was humor somewhere in the story, just couldn't laugh at it herself. James certainly did. Sirius tended to buy rats, rabbits, and toads the most. Occasionally, like with the pup, there were animals that were dead that he bought some a place unknown. Lily was willing to bet Knockturn. He'd bring the dead animals back to Potter Cottage, straight into Harry's eager hands. He remained thin, and short for his age. Lily worried about his height. Harry ate plenty, but it never seemed to be enough to squeeze excess fat on his bones. And he was just so tiny . It was odd to think that the bespectacled, scrawny boy a few inches shorter than anyone his age was capable of smiling as he dug a sharp object into an animal. "I wish I could dissect a live animal." Harry commented mournfully, once, as he carefully placed a toad heart on a platter next to him. He glanced at her. He didn't say it, but Lily heard it anyways. "But mum won't let me." "Living creatures can feel pain, kiddo." Sirius discouraged. "Plus, they move around and, ew, right?" Harry shrugged. He sliced off the toad's left foot and held it up. "Lucky frog's foot?" He offered. Sirius blinked, then he laughed. "Merlin Harry, we have to work on your jokes!" Flower Harry got his letter. Harry's eleventh birthday arrived. Lily hadn't realized her son was so close to leaving to Hogwarts. She was excited. Her son was going to get his first wand, make friends (hopefully), learn magic, begin his journey to become a wizard. He was going to be sorted into his House and, Merlin, Lily could already see him donning Ravenclaw colors. She was scared. He would be without his sessions with Dr. Bates, without any dead animals to dissect, surrounded by familiars and unsuspecting students. A restricted section of a library that contained Dark magic, one she knew her son was smart enough to sneak into. It made her nauseous. Regardless, it was Harry's eleventh birthday. A Healer at St. Mungo's gave Harry a thick book filled with different methods on how to remove, preserve, and implant organs- by hand and with magic. James bought Harry a Nimbus 2000 and his own practice set of Quidditch balls. "You won't be able to play in your first year, but it's never too late to get started!" He proclaimed. Harry did enjoy the sport, or Lily thought he did. He never complained when he was coaxed into playing. Remus had made Harry a quilt, which he topped with homemade chocolate. Lily swore she saw him wipe a tear when Harry blew out his birthday candles. Remus hugged Harry tight and made him promise to make friends at Hogwarts. "I'm not even there yet." Harry said. Sirius seemed to have bought out all of Diagon Alley. He proudly displayed a total of forty different gifts (topping last year's record of thirty-three). Lily wondered how he hadn't yet put a massive dent into the Black family wealth he'd inherited. Lily gave Harry an old jewelry box her mother had given her. "It's my great-grandmothers." She said. "I'll take good care of it." Harry promised and kissed her cheek, smiling wide. It was easy to forget, sometimes, that her son wasn't a completely normal, absolutely good, boy. Sequel to Preemptive! Part 2 of the Dark Triad AU. The sequel to this story is Ember, which is soon to be posted. This story can also be found on my AO3, in what's probably a far more organized fashion. Anyways...yeah. this. definitely sucks. horrible, quick-paced writing. hopefully ember will be better lmao