handle her out of the room at three in the morning. After that Malcolm called a truce between the Flitwick and Mcgonagall households on his sister's behalf. I accepted and after which I never had an issue with Manerva. Though we do set pranks on one another from time to time." Nick was grinning like a lone by the end of the tale. He was fairly certain the story had a purpose. Largely to be recuted to the cause. Nick looked at the time. There was just enough time before curfew to pop over to Professor Flitwicks rooms. Nick opened his potion stores and pulled out an animal speach potion. The potion let the drinker speak to any animal they choose, they simply had to drop a hair from said spices in and take a gulp. The only down side was that the potion didn't let the user speak any human language. The potion took about an hour to ware off. Nick slipped the potion into his robes and headed down to Flitwick's office. He knocked twice. The door opened to revile Professor Mcgonigal and Professor Flitwick taking tea while playing a game of chess at Professor Flitwick's desk. "Nick, how is everything?" Professor Flitwick asked marily. "Good" Nick answered truefully, stepping into the office, Nick put the potion and he folded bit of parchment with the instruction on the desk by Flitwicks tea. "From…" Nick made the cross sigh on his arm like the healers outfit. "Ah, yes, yes. Thank you. I had meant to get that after lunch" Neither Flitwick or Nick made any indication that there was something more afoot and Professor Mcgonigal picked nothing up. Sipping her tea contently, none the wise of the plots. Nick slipped back out of the office with a silent wave goodbye and headbed for his dorms again. (page brake) On Sunday morning, Grant Page, a fourth year Ravenclaw boy, pulled Nick from one of the chairs in the common room and handed him a Comet 290 broomstick, without much enthusiasm. "We need a Chaser," the older boy grunted. Nick gave the broom one look, and handed it right back. "Play, and I'll let you read my copy of "Hogwarts: a History." It's Seventh edition, first print." A tempting prize for any Ravenclaw, certainly. Nick glared at the offending broomstick. He really didn't want to play Quidditch, not in the slightest, but if he wanted to find other parseltongues, one of the original "Hogwarts: a History"s would certainly be a good place to start. Nick nodded a yes and motioned for Grant to wait. Then Nick went up to his dorm and grabbed his own broom from the rest of his belongings. Grant looked at the broom curiously, but said nothing. Nick was led down to the quidditch pitch. He watched the others play for a bit, and listened to Roger Davies, the team Captain, prattle on about strategy. Nick was surprised he understood most of what Roger was saying. The practice went well enough, though it wasn't anything spectacular. The first game would take place in several weeks, so there was a lot of time to improve. Honestly though, Nick would have figured most people had been forced onto the team. Roger Davies seemed to be the only one taking the practice seriously. As promised, Nick got to spend the following week poring over Grant Page's copy of "Hogwarts: A History." After Nick second quidditch practice, he gave back Grant's book and settled into working on the homework he had been neglecting. (Page break) Luna and Nick sat curled up on opposite ends of one of the common room couches, reading and working on homework. "Nick, do you ever listen to the walls?" Luna asked in a sudden moment of curiosity. Nick frowned down at his Charms homework. "I can't say I ever 'ave. Mos'ly I just read be'ween classes." There was silence for a moment, and Nick thought Luna might explain. "Luna, why 'o you ask?" Luna grinned and pulled on the tiny grapefruit hanging from her collar. "I saw Harry listening to the walls today. Very strange. I thought you might have heard something I didn't." Nick smiled at the strange girl sitting across from him. There really was not a good response to something like that, so he simply nodded and turned back to his work. It was part way into October when Nick found himself watching the post fly in at breakfast when he realised how long he'd been away from his family. He wasn't normally one to get homesick, but watching all the letter be delivered to other students made him wish he got letters. The next day at breakfast time, a large brown owl dropped a letter for Nick. The scrawl was messy and rather hard to read. He opened up the parchment and found a letter describing the many ways to catch a Heliopath. Luna had signed her name at the bottom. "Who's it from?" Eddie asked. Hugo tried to peer over his shoulder, but Nick leaned away. He met Luna's eyes and grinned from ear to ear. "From a girl, is it, Bromda? Got a girl back in Canada?" Eddie asked teasingly. Nick shook his head, "She is… good?" "Good eh?" Eddie wiggled his eyes suggestively. Nick scowled and threw a piece toast, hitting Eddie squarely in the forehead. The four boys burst into laughter. Nick put the letter in his pocket and turned to his roommates to commiserate over Lockhart's terrible teaching of defense against the dark arts. The next day, a letter was dropped at Luna's place. Normally, the girls in her dorm ignored her, but suddenly they were all rather curious, once they saw the letter. Luna only smiled and slipped the letter into her pocket. It was the story of how Nick had come across the Heliopath the first time, and what exactly had happened. It had taken Nick more time to write then he cared to admit.