de cristal. Perhaps I can take you there next week, if you'd like, I can reserve the whole place for just the two of us." There was a low, barely audible growl beside Harry and the man almost froze for a second, wondering if Severus Snape had just growled. Ignoring his previous question, Harry gave the Professor a forced smile, not knowing how much longer he could keep up the charade. "As generous as that sounds, Gregory, I'll have to pass." "Are you sure? la boule de cristal is a fabulous place to dine. Just imagine how brilliant we'd look together under those stunning crystals. Although...the crystals there could hardly outshine your beautiful emerald eyes." Warbeck whispered, causing Harry to blush madly. On the side, Snape was seething with rage, hand itching to grab his wand and hex the damned model into oblivion. "Listen, I'm sure Professor Warbeck." Harry was acting as friendly as he could, annoyed that the man wouldn't back off. "I'm not interested." He said bluntly, ignoring the disappointment that flashed through the models usually cheery face. Warbeck forced away the disappointment and fixed his attire. "If you decide to change your mind, you know where to find me." He purred, easily walking past and leaving the two wizards alone again. Watching as the man walked away, Harry gripped the cup tightly, his mask fading away. "Now he is really starting to remind me of Lockhart." Harry groused, all courteousness gone as he glared at his empty coffee cup, no longer hungry either. Severus was being quite, his fingers still resting the urge to grab his wand and cast a stinging hex towards Warbeck. "It's not even midday, and I already need a drink." Severus shot him an amused glance, his previous anger dissipating in a matter of seconds. "Perhaps some brewing will help us both." . . It turned out, Severus was right. Just the scent alone was enough to calm Harry down (he would deny that the scent was purely Severus Snape), and the soothing motions of stirring. "You're staring again, Potter." Snape muttered, glancing to the blushing man who looked down to avoid the piercing gaze. Noticing the others potion was more of a cyan than turquoise blue, Severus walked behind him to further investigate. Experienced eyes quickly caught the mistake, and he shook his head in slight awe. "After all those years you still can't stir." Severus smirked, the insult lacking the usual venom. "Watch." He breathed whilst moving closer to the other, his chest nearly brushing against the shorter mans back. Harry blushed as warm hands glided to his, stopping to rest against them. "You're hardly using your wrist." The sneaky slytherin leaned closer, lips inches away from Potter's flushing ear. "It's a wonder you even passed my potions class, Potter." Resisting the urge to shiver, Harry opened his mouth to make a combat instead. "It's not my fault. I either had a slytherin to sabotage my potion, or I had a certain professor distracting me." "Distract you? I did no such thing. Maybe if you would have paid attention during my class, then you would have got the information and passed with an adequate grade." Harry cast the other a fake glare, trying not to laugh at the clearly teasing words. "We should do this more often." Harry spoke, in tune with Snape's motions. "I could help you brew potions for the school, and Warbeck won't bother me." He could fill Snape tense up, the hands gripping his. "Warbeck is one of the most insufferable professor's I've had the misfortune of meeting." Severus spoke, voice dripping with bitterness that could match Nagini's venom. "How many times have you turned him down, Potter?" Caught off guard at the question, the younger professor shrugged his shoulders. "Honestly, I don't even know at this point. Too many." Severus didn't seem to like that answer and he narrowed his eyes lightly. "At least Quinton has cut back a tad bit, he's not as...forthright like Warbeck." Harry added, biting his lips when the potion master's thumb lightly grazed his knuckles. "Have you mentioned anything to Minerva? She could have a chat with them." There was snark dripping from him, and the younger chuckled lightly. "I think she already knows. Nothing gets past her, Sev." Rolling his eyes at the nickname, the older cleared his throat lightly. "If you wish for me to deal with them.." "No it's fine!" Harry cut him off, biting his lips. "I think you'd scare them more than Minerva would, Snape. I know what type of hexes your capable of." Snape's lips curved lightly into a small smirk, onyx eyes looking down at the emerald ones. "No doubt that book miss Granger sent will have some of them." Harry grinned lightly, catching the tone that was being used. "Are you insinuating I would have made a better Slytherin?" Severus kept a neutral face, trying to hide the teasing in his tone by covering it with sarcasm. "Even though you're incredibly reckless, I admit you act more like a snake then a lion." He huffed like the words pained him to say. Harry on the other hand was grinning to himself, finding the words to be a compliment. "You just lacked the attention span of most slytherin's." Severus chuckled when the younger sent him a half glare. "You're never going to let me live those days down, are you?" He groaned lightly. "Not on your life, Potter." Snape smirked, conjuring up some flask to bottle up the potions. "If only you were this successful during your years." "So does that mean I can help again?" Severus looked down at the green eyes and sighed. "If you must." He said, lips still curved into a light smirk. "Could you stand being with the old dungeon bat for an entire Saturday?" Harry grinned at the question, snorting hard. "Only if you could handle an imprudent brat all day." Hope you liked the story. R&R please