speaking up. 'Pansy, this isn't working', he said finally. 'What?' 'You know, as in not functional,' he explained, voice filled with sarcasm. 'Are you sure?' 'Absolutely. Look,' he said as he flipped the medallion in the middle 'nothing happens.' The look of disappointment on Pansy's face almost made him utter an apology, but then he decided that if his old friend (could he even call her that?) was dumb enough not to notice it, then she well deserved it. He simply handed the object back to her, placing it on the wrapper carefully. 'But I wouldn't throw it out just yet if I were you. This thing looks ancient. It might be as old as Hogwarts for all I know, just look at the runes at the sides,' he pointed out. Pansy gazed at the time turner with curiosity. 'So it might still be worth something.' 'Who knows,' Draco shrugged, 'it might be worth more than a working one or nothing at all… but for Merlin's sake, ask someone who actually knows something about them, not me!' 'Will do,' Pansy said with a small smile 'thanks.' 'There's literally nothing to thank me for,' Draco protested as he stood up, leaving some money on the counter for the barman to pick up. 'Leaving already?' Pansy asked in surprise, looking up at Draco who was currently fastening the belt on his dark coat. 'Yeah. I've already stayed longer than I planned to.' 'What happened to the Draco roaming the corridors, setting traps to Gryffindors, hm? If only your thirteen-year-old self could hear that…' Draco, who was just about to reach for the door handle spun on his heels and raised his furious gaze at the witch. 'My thirteen-year-old self had no idea about anything, got it? Anything.' Pansy let out a soft sigh before answering. 'Indeed. But he looked much happier than you do.' 'I wonder why,' Draco barked in the most malicious tone he could master. 'I'm not dumb, Draco. But still, it's terrible to see how broken you are… how we all are. I wonder if we could have done anything differently back then.' 'And what would that have been?' he asked, volume rising steadily, but he couldn't bring himself to care 'turn on our own fathers, hoping that they don't kill us? Abandon all our families, have ourselves disowned? Run to the Gyffindors for help, when they would never believe a word we say?' At that point, everyone in the bar was looking at the blond man who was shouting at the top of his lungs. Only Pansy seemed calm as she held his gaze. 'I have a feeling that it's not me you're trying to convince, Draco,' she said in a tone that one would use to placate a madman. 'Fuck you!' Draco yelled as his parting words, then stormed out into the streets. A loud crack indicated that he had just apparated, leaving them all behind. Hours later he was lying in bed, his thoughts still coming back to certain events and people, not letting him drift into sleep. Yes, Pansy , he thought, we are all miserable train wrecks, you are right. Yes, we have never lived up to our potential, our families are either in prison or bordering insanity. Our social status is down in the dumps while idiots like the Weasleys or Potter thrive and are having the time of their life. You are fucking right, so pray tell me, what do you want me to do about it? Because I'm really out of my wit right now… The clock on the wall struck one. One in the morning, and he still couldn't sleep. Taking some of that new potion he had gotten last week sounded like a good way to finally drift into the world of dreams… except he didn't want to be that damn pathetic. After all these years, at least he kept an ounce of his pride, and it didn't let him sink low enough to actually take something like that so that he could fall asleep. 'Fuck it all,' he grunted as he flipped sides and buried his head deeper into the soft pillow, almost as if he wanted to sink right through it. He woke up next morning to a terrible booming sound and if anybody accused him of screaming and literally jumping out of his bed, he would have denied it. Shaking in fear, he tumbled through his sheets and headed towards the window where the sound came from. Unfortunately, his wand wasn't under his pillow as he had expected it to be, so he had no other choice but to face whatever had been waiting for him unarmed. Not a good prospect. A second later he saw a brown owl crashing into his window once again, making him wince at the sound. It wasn't even nearly as scary listening to it now than as a wake-up call, but it was still wrong. He quickly opened the window and let the bird in. The creature with ruffled feathers dropped an envelope in his hand, then left as soon as it arrived. Well, Draco thought, if you don't wait for me to answer, you must be from the government or something… The envelope had his name and address neatly written on it, and as he turned it around, he caught sight of an eerily familiar red vax seal. Eyes widening in surprise, he tore it open, unfolding the papers within. The first one read: Dear Mr Malfoy, We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all- Draco gaped at the lines, re-reading them five times in a row, trying to grasp what he might have misunderstood. Never mind that he just got an invitation from Hogwarts, but with Dumbledore's seal and signature. The only sound breaking the silence was his voice, sounding more shocked than ever: ' Are you fucking kidding me ?'