them. 'So you are reading this book about them because…?' 'My heritage, of course,' the boy said, head raised so high up in pride that Harry had to suppress a laugh at the sight. This boy was quite something. And apparently… a Black? 'So… your last name is Black then,' Harry concluded. The blond boy was so different from any kid their age Harry had seen, that the last thing he would have expected of him was to facepalm himself, yet there the Black heir (?) was, doing just that. That was the moment Harry knew that he had said something really stupid. 'You're unbelievable,' the shorter of the two groaned, 'obviously there is no underage wizard with the surname Black. Where have you been living until now, under a rock?!' 'More like stairs,' Harry murmured, confusing his companion for a moment. 'Huh?' 'Never mind that,' he said quickly, refusing to describe his pathetic sleeping arrangements to this person, 'who are you then?' 'A Malfoy, obviously,' came the immediate answer. The boy raised his chin high up again haughtily, waiting for a strong reaction from Harry that never came. 'Okay.' A few seconds of silence followed before any of them spoke up. 'Are you telling me… that you don't know my family?' 'Nope' Harry answered, shaking his head. This time barely a few drops escaped, his hair slowly drying, but he was obviously concerned with something more important than that. The expression on the blond's face went from affronted to angry, followed by hurt, confused, and settled for something resembling concern, probably regarding Harry's sanity. It happened in a flash though, and may or may not have been Harry's imagination. 'You mean it, huh?' 'Yeah' Harry shrugged, 'this is the first time I hear that name. Sounds foreign too.' 'Well aren't you a strange one…' Draco said absentmindedly. 'That, or as stupid as a gnome…' Harry had yet to see something called a gnome, but decided that he didn't like the insult. It must have shown through his bright green eyes, because the other boy seemed to flinch a bit when looking into them. Serves him right, Harry thought, for calling me that. 'Anyway, how old are you?' Harry was a bit surprised at getting a normal question for a change, one that he was actually able to answer, so much so that he started to wonder if there was a trick in it. 'Eight,' he answered curtly, to which the other boy nodded. 'My age then. We will start Hogwarts at the same time. Unless I go to Durmstrang and you to Hogwarts… Do you know where you will go after elementary school?' Harry shivered at the thought of the most dreaded high school in town. 'My uncle wants to send me to Stonewall High.' It was Draco's turn to be perplexed. 'Stonewall High? Never heard of that one. Must be even worse than Hogwarts then. My father keeps saying that the headmaster has finally lost it, so I should go to Durmstrang instead' Harry blinked at him, trying to understand what the other boy was going on about. Hogwarts? Durmstrang? It truly sounded like gibberish, but he seemed so serious about it… 'What are those muggles doing?' the blond asked abruptly. Harry followed his gaze, finally seeing his teacher, Miss Harper and Mister Browning running up and down in a frenzy, in the middle of what seemed to be a brewing storm. The sky had turned dark by the thick clouds and Harry had a sinking feeling that it was him they were looking for. Oh shit. Just how long had he been talking to this boy? He really would have liked to stay and ask a lot of things, but if he waited until the adults gave up, then there was no way he could make it back home alive. Interesting as the stones may have been, it did little to change the fact that Harry's food was – unfortunately – located in Little Whinging, so he actually had to go home at some point, no matter how much he hated his relatives. Reluctantly though, but knowing what he had to do, Harry turned to face the other boy. 'I have to go. It was nice to meet you… um, Malfoy.' Having said that, he started running, not even giving a chance for the other boy to respond. As he reached the invisible barrier, he felt as if something cold had seeped into his veins all of a sudden – and it had nothing to do with the pouring rain that could finally soak him without the magical protection. Miss Harper saw him from a few feet away and started screaming at him, but Harry really didn't care. Tuning her shrill voice out, the boy glanced back in the direction of the stones. Malfoy had either hid very well, because no blond hair was peeking out from anywhere, or the barrier could do a little more than repelling rain. Whatever the case was, Harry found himself relieved that at least the other boy would not get into trouble. Not that he would not be able to get out of it, he reminded himself later as he was practically shoved into the school bus. It seemed that he was not destined to use that certain vehicle in any presentable state. The class was supposed to stop at Salisbury for a little sightseeing (and no doubt, another history lesson) but the teachers decided to head straight home instead, given the upcoming storm. Harry spent his ride home shivering in his wet clothes (the raincoat apparently didn't help too keep water out, but did a marvellous job at keeping it trapped inside) and he found himself wondering if whatever repellent thing Malfoy talked about was actually a better solution than that. Of course not getting hung on the school fence might have helped too. Or… … teleporting very far away from Dudley. A thought was forming in his head already.