illustration). The fire was almost over, so the light was quite dull. The room was decorated in red and gold, so Ginny with her bright red hair looked most harmonically. If I could, I would just sit there and stare at her. She was wearing dark-red pajamas, and the fabric looked very soft. Hmm, do Gryffindors spend evenings in the common room wearing pajamas? But I couldn't just stand there and look at her, so I turned and walked towards the door. - Malfoy! I knew it. - Yes? – I turned again. - We need to talk. - About what? - Maybe you will sit down? – she tapped on the place next to her. I tried to make out something of her gaze, but that seemed almost impossible. - Well, maybe I will, - I said and sat where her hand was seconds ago. There was a distance of a book between us. – What did you want to talk about? She turned and sat on her knew, facing me. I just turned my head. - Can't you guess? - Nope. - Why do you behave like so? - Like how? - First we talk, then you act like we are enemies, you don't even let me spea- - Really? - Malfoy! - I don't know, Weasley. Can't even guess what happened to me then. - When then? - When we just arrived to school. You are not my type, you know, - I shrugged. - I knew what I was doing. She must hate me. She took a deep sharp breath, as if given a slap on a cheek. And again I had a feeling as if a curtain was shut on her face. She closed. It all happened in a nick of time. She stood up, threw her book at me and stormed off to the girls' dormitories. At the stairs she stopped, looked at me and opened her mouth. But after a few seconds she closed it and ran away. Perfect. She hated me. I felt like something fell down inside. I turned away and looked at the book. It was a love story. I sighed and put it on the couch beside me, because all the tables where in empty bottles and wrappings left after the celebration. I stared at fire for a minute or so, stood up and left the room. Some time later, tired both physically and mentally, I entered my room of a Prefect. I had a shower, changed into pajamas and lay into bed. I fell asleep before my head touched the pillow. And I had a terrible dream. I stood in a dark corridor with three doors. It was absolutely silent there. I reached the first door and opened it. I stopped and couldn't breath. I faced a dark room, more like a cell. There sat Ron in the corner, and on his knees, her eyes closed, was Hermione. He was crying and shaking her. As far as I could see she breathed but wouldn't wake up. Then I noticed that their faces and hands were all in scratches. Hermione's wand was near her, she wasn't able to hold it. Ron's wand was in his sleeve, and the moment he saw me, he pointed it at me. - It is all because of you, Malfoy! She is bad because of you! - Weasley, I… - Shut up! He waved his wand and the door closed with me on the other side. I was in corridor again. Panic was slowly rising inside me. I knew what was waiting for me in the next room. And knew that I wouldn't wake up till I found everybody. I pushed the next door. This time it was Potter, who sat in the corner. He hugged his knees and hid his face on them. His knuckles were red with blood. - Hey, Potter, - I said, my voice cracked. He didn't answer. Then I said louder: - Potter. Harry, it's me. - Go away, Malfoy. He waved his wand and there I was again. In the corridor. One door left. The last one and the most scary one. I took a deep breath and pushed it. Ginny was sitting on the floor in the same pose as Potter. But her head was raised. When I entered she looked from the wall at me. Her beautiful eyes were full of tears and when she smiled, tears ran down her cheeks. But she didn't seem to notice them. She looked at me in admiration. - Malfoy, - she whispered. I had never heard this word said with such warmth. - Yes, that's me, Ginn, - I stepped forward. - You came to rescue us. I came to her and sat on the floor beside her. She had no less scratches than the others. And she had nobody to protect her. But she was so tiny and weak! She must have had me, but I was late. They all must have had me, but I was late. - Yes, Ginn, I came. Forgive me, - I whispered. – I'm sorry. She reached for me and hugged me. I hugged her back without thinking twice. - You have nothing to be sorry for. You did everything right. - I... - Shh… Keep silent. Don't say anything. It is all over. - Ginny, I… all this is… - I love you. - What? - I love you, Malfoy. But I hadn't even looked her in the eyes when the dream was finished and I woke up. Heart was beating hard. I breathed heavily. Pajamas became sticky. What a terrible dream. I merely didn't know what to think. What if it was a piece of the future if I agreed? Or refused? No, that way there would have been my mom there, too. I hoped it was just a dream. Because I had almost made up my mind. But if all this was true, I had no right to risk.