blood trickling from a cut on his head, the thing that scared him most in the world had lain in that hospital room – the most tangible reminder imaginable of what people could do to one another. What did a cynical potions master have to that? For that matter what did anyone have to that? He'd seen and dealt with one of the worst things the world could throw at anyone and suddenly his fear of his professor seemed just as ridiculous as everyone else had thought it had been. "Longbottom!" Or maybe not, after all Professor Snape was still a pretty dangerous person, but that didn't mean he had to start trembling every time the man entered a room. "Yes, sir?" Neville responded quietly. "Did you hear what I said?" Neville shook his head, "Sorry sir, I was thinking about something else." "I said your grandmother will be here soon." "Thank you, sir." "Can I get you a glass of water or something? Are you sure you're alright?" Snape felt he had to say something. "It may sound awful but I feel sort of relieved, it's not like they had any real quality of life to start with at least they've been released," the boy choked on the last word and a tear made its way down his face. Snape began to feel uncomfortable. "Don't cry; it won't change anything." Neville wiped at his face with a tissue and silence fell for several moments as the boy slowly calmed down. Severus thought that maybe changing the subject would relieve some of the awkwardness he was feeling and perhaps take Neville's mind off everything that he'd lost, or for that matter never really had to begin with. "Have you received your OWL results yet?" "Yes sir, they came last week." "Are you pleased with them?" "Yes sir." "Would you care to explain your potions grade to me?" "I beg your pardon, sir?" "You got an E Longbottom!" Snape had still not quite recovered from that particular shock, "I wasn't very confidant you could manage an A." "I could tell," Neville replied, "So I thought I should put some extra work in. I was up all night before the exam." "You must have worked hard." Snape hesitated for a moment, "Congratulations, you certainly exceeded my expectations but I'm gratified that you did. After all the class average was low enough as it was." Neville couldn't hide a small smile, "Thank you, sir. It wasn't just hard work, you were a good teacher, you made me want to do more than just pass because frankly I didn't fancy the idea of you being right about me useless and revelling in your victory." Snape raised an eyebrow causing Neville to think he'd gone rather too far. "Well that's one way of getting my students to pass." "You did it on purpose? You tried to make me feel useless so I'd get worked up and terrified and spend forty eight hours straight revising for the subject!" "There was no point in letting you get complacent. I told you what I thought, that is that you would fail. I am however pleased you did not. After all I didn't need you trying to re-sit the exam this year! What NEWTs are you doing anyway? Have you decided yet?" "Well, I was going to do Herbology, Professor Sprout wrote to me the other day to say she had a special project she wanted me to work on as part of my NEWTs course, I think she said that it was something you had requested, sir." "Yes. You wouldn't guess it from the way you go about the two subjects but Herbology and Potions are in fact fairly closely connected. I asked Professor Sprout to get some of the more able NEWTs students involved in growing some rare and difficult to manage plants I might need." "For your NEWTs potions classes, sir?" "Are you joking, Longbottom? I don't waste rare ingredients on children and some of these are to be handled only by those who have a particular gift for herbology, you should know that even once harvested certain plants…" "Need a particular type of treatment, which can often be very complicated." Snape raised an eyebrow at the interruption, "Precisely, so unless my seventh year class buck their ideas up they're going no where near these ingredients and I doubt any class that McGonagall's determined to see Mr Potter in is one where I want to leave them lying around!" He would have sworn that he saw amusement flicker, however briefly, in the boy's sad, bloodshot eyes. He continued in a more gentle tone, gentle for Severus Snape anyway. "Longbottom, I do believe that, had your parents been capable of comprehending who you had become, they would not have been too disappointed." Neville managed a sad but genuine smile at this, "Thank you, sir." Snape sat awkwardly for a few minutes longer before he saw the formidable form of Mrs Longbottom walking down the corridor. "Sir? I can see my Grandmother coming, perhaps you should go and get your injury seen to?" Neville spoke up. Severus nodded, "I'll see you in school, Mr Longbottom, I hope your grandmother's alright." As he walked away he glanced back to see Neville helping his grandmother into a chair and staying protectively by her side and Severus reflected that perhaps the Longbottom child was tougher than he thought. He's going to need to be. Then again perhaps we all are. XXXXXXX A/N: I really hope you liked that! I'd love it if you reviewed and told me what you thought! Anyway, I'll try to update about every fortnight, I know that's not very often but it's about the best I can try to commit to at the moment. So expect chapter two in a couple of weeks, though it may be sooner if I get the chance. Next chapter sees the rest of the charactersand the journey back to Hogwarts. :o)