to be in order, though I have no time to check. I'm already late for the Sorting. I inhale deeply once more, before I push the doors to the Great Hall open. Keeping my eyes ahead, I make my way towards the Head Table, on its raised platform. I feel the students' eyes on my figure as I move. I smirk. False confidence leads to amazing results... I tip my head towards the woman holding the Sorting Hat poised above a gaping youngling's head. "Good day," I smile, then falter as I realise I don't know her name. We were to expect several new arrivals this year, but I'd have thought someone so stern and commanding of attention would not have passed my notice. Frowning, I turn to the Head Table before me. Godric isn't there. Neither are Rowena, or Helga, and a particularly sour-looking man currently resides in what is meant to be my seat. I glare at him profusely. Amicably, he returns the gesture with equal force. Arse. But I do not dwell on it for too long. A suspicion begins niggling at the back of my mind. I turn my gaze towards the students already seated at their House tables, searching. The uniforms are odd... No one appears familiar. Not even Helena is visible - not in the group waiting to be sorted, not at the tables. My heart clenches. Fighting to keep calm, I continue on my way to the Head Table, halting in front of an elderly wizard with sparkling eyes. I curtsy, my eyes catching sight of a blackened arm. How curious... "Pardon me, M'lord," I say, sounding more polite than I feel, and by rights should be, both, "But do you mind telling me where this is?" The man nods, looking quite amused by my query. I understand him completely. "This, my dear, is Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry," he rasps out in a friendly tone, and I nod along. I know. I built it. He continues. "And I am Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of this school." That information halts me in my tracks. He smiles, still seemingly oblivious to my inner turmoil. "Who might you be, miss?" he asks. I snap out of my daze. "Huh?" I articulate. Oh, congratulations. That will win them over... My conscious starts to clap for me, a snarky sound. I'd almost blush, if I wasn't already so filled with dread. "I'm, uh, Sally," I reply into the man's ever-pleasant eyes. Dumbledore inclines his head. "A pleasure to meet you, Miss Sally," he says. I wince. Damned be Gryffindor and his humiliating nicknames! You'd almost swear that he was deriving pleasure from my now obvious discomfort. So much for my 'masks'. I'd probably have fainted by now if not for the intensely distrustful glare the seat-hog is still sending my way. I grin back. "I would say the same, but I'm...I need to know something," I say, quiet as I can, feeling the entire castle population's eyes raking over me. The incredible Salazar Slytherin...outdone by a sloppy practice rune... I clench my fists. Professor Dumbledore sits back casually, pressing his bony fingers together to create a peak. "Ask away, my dear," he waves one hand in consent. I cough. I will NOT be nervous. "What is-" I find myself clearing my throat once more, "What is the date?" The Headmaster looks slightly surprised, and even that disrespectful furniture-snatcher turns the hatred in his gaze down to a low simmer. "My dear, did you not set your watch?" the Professor asks in a fatherly tone. I start. What the ruddy Hel is a watch? Don't be crude, dear... I know the shock is written plain across my face, so I use it to my advantage. "Yes," I say, sounding perplexed, "However did you know?" The man smiles serenely, "I forgot to set my own, this morning, and was almost late for the Sorting." The dark-haired man stops glaring for a minute, taking the chance to scoff. My eyes flit between the pair; oblivious to shrewd, and back again. Dumbledore is still smiling. "I'm afraid mine is a few minutes off, my dear," he said, looking at a silver bracelet on his wrist. The centre of which was a constellation of moons and stars, all rotating slowly, "But I believe it to be between seven and seven-thirty post meridiem, on the 1st of September." I nod eagerly, expecting him to go on, but all I am met with is another blind grin. "I expect you'll know the year," he states, amused. I do not appear to be leaving this situation easily. "Actually," I say, "I was wondering if you could tell me that as well?" Cue pleasant grin. I get another smile back, "But of course! Isn't it tremendous when one loses track of time? The year is 1996." This time I do choke. "Ex-excuse me?" I squeak. I know I'm not doing myself any favours by the glaring one, but I am beyond caring. "1996, my dear," he replies jovially. I don't know how long I stand there with my mouth hanging open, but when I snap out of it, my first word is a high-pitched squeak. "Gry...Gryffi...inndor.." A/N: How horrible am I, making Salazar a woman and stuff? :P Yeah, I just want to break canon history. :D I'd just like to note a few things here: *I'm sorry for any remaining spelling mistakes. I started writing this at 4 in the morning, and I CANNOT write that early. I have edited the above about 50 times, but I can't help everything. *Once more, so tired I used the word 'satin' in place of 'stated' at one point, so if you see any of THOSE mistakes, please notify me. I'll fix it when I'm properly awake. *Anything else that seems unintelligible, ditto. Tell me, I'll fix (unless you're talking about the whole 'woman' thing, in which case...no). *I have the entire back-story planned, so is all good.