the stool and sat on it. I was so nervous and was shaking so much that McGonagall had trouble putting the hat on my head. As the hat touched my head it started talking in my mind. "Ha! Another Weasley. I know just what to do with you" Brace yourself Ron. Good thing you didn't unpack cuz you're going home. "Gryffindor!" Hermione's POV I joined the Gryffindor table in its cheers as Ron approached us and got his hair mussed by the twins and Harry shook his hand. Hr sat down next to me and I shoulder bumped him playfully. He gave me a very goofy and proud smile. I was elated. The two people that I started to get along with were in the same house as me. I almost didn't even hear the hat (Blaise Zabini, Slytherin!") anymore. The cheering started to die down as a man with long white hair and an even longer white beard approached the podium. He announced himself at the headmaster Professor Dumbledore and proceeded to tell us to tuck in. Instantly food and drink popped out of nowhere and me and the other first years looked in awe. I had read about this in Hogwarts, A History, but seeing it before my very eyes was wonderful. Chicken, roast beef, turkey legs, salad, meat pies, and some foods I have never seen before was laid out and looking extremely delicious. I saw that after Ron (who looked like he died and went to heaven) had dived right in getting a lot of everything. Harry looked just as amazed as I did and started filling his plate as well. I got my share of food and bit into the chicken. It was simply divine. The best chicken I've ever tasted. Even better than Mummy's (I would never tell her) back at home. Parvati Patil and Harry had started up a conversation with me. Ron was looking like he didn't know what to say so I turned from them and started talking to him to try to include him. Soon enough all 4 of us were laughing and joking around. As dessert came and went Professor Dumbledore once again approached the podium and the room had gotten quiet. He proceeded to tell us rules and regulations which I listened to attentively. I did not want to ruin my chances. I did not want to end up in trouble and have to leave all these new people and this exciting world. When announcements were done he dismissed us to our dormitories. We were being told to follow a red headed boy named Percy. Ron told me he was one of his older brothers. I aspired to be a prefect someday and I told Ron this. "As long as you're nothing like Percy you will be just fine" he said with a smile. Percy led us up some stairs that seemed to move this way and that and through a long corridor. We soon approached a huge portrait of a rather heavy set lady. She asked Percy for a password ("caput draconis" said Percy. "You lot do well to remember that. It's the only way you'll get into Gryffindor") and we were led inside. Gryffindor common room was cozy and warm. Red and gold were everywhere. There was a big couch, loveseat, and chair in front of a huge inviting fireplace. There were tables along the walls, a notice board, sitting cushions, and a notice board with lots of notes attached to it. I instantly felt at home. "Girls dormitories are up the stairs to your left" said Percy. "Boys, the same on your right. Your things have already been brought up. Curfew to the tower is at 9. Do not be late or you will cause us to lose house points and may even earn yourself a detention. Tomorrow is a busy day. I'd advise you lot to get some sleep." said Percy and with that he went up the stairs to the right. As everybody went their ways me, Ron, and Harry looked at each other. Actually Harry watched Parvati follow the girl that was called Lavender Brown up the stairs to the girls dormitories. It was very amusing to watch. Ron must have thought so too because he gave a big laugh and called Harry a lover boy and told him it's time for bed. Harry gave Ron a fake scowl, told me goodnight, and went up to the boys dorms. "So," said Ron. "Isn't this great that we all ended up in Gryffindor? I thought that I was done for" I laughed at him. "I'm glad we ended up in the same house too. I really hope we can all be friends. I never had proper friends before." "Well, you have them now" said Ron as he took my hand and shook it. "You better be off. Classes start tomorrow you know" "Why yes mamn !" laughed Ron as he bowed to me. He then bid me goodnight and took off up the stairs. I proceeded to go to room ,which I discovered I shared with Lavender and Parvati. Parvati smiled at me and asked me if I wanted the bed that was nearest to the window and I said yes. Lavender gave me a smile as well, however it didn't feel as welcoming as Parvati's did. I changed into my PJs and laid on my bed. This had indeed been an exciting first day. I had found friends, I had ended up in the same house as my friends, and I was in this beautiful place where there were people just like me. Who understood what I was going through. I was ready to learn. I was eager to start my new life as a witch. As I drifted off to sleep my thoughts went out to my new found friends, and how excited I was to be here. I couldn't wait to learn absolutely everything there was to learn, starting tomorrow.