will deal with whatever 'Trap' may be waiting for trespassers, but we have to keep moving forward." Brynjar had never looked so fierce, at least not tonight or in front of Blaise, as he did at that moment. Blaise actually backed away from where he was next to Brynjar, for fear of getting caught in between the two Viking's. Asta and Brynjar stared at each other for a few moments, sizing each other up. Before long Asta nodded her head in agreement and gestured towards the door. Brynjar turned towards the door and ran his hand over where, Blaise assumed, he felt the wards begin. "Alright." He said. "Stand back guys." Before Blaise could move or ask why he had to back up more, Brynjar drew his right arm back, then thrust it forward and punched the wards with all his strength. As soon as his fist connected with the wards, there was a loud explosion-like sound and a bright flash of light as the wards disintegrated before them. As Brynjar pulled his fist back, he heard Blaise's mother scream from the commotion, and he heard Asta curse. "Shit!" Asta exclaimed as she hastily moved towards Brynjar and grabbed his arm in her hand. "I knew something like this would happen!" Blaise edged towards where the other two stood to get a better look at what Asta was going on about, and he gasped at what he saw. Brynjar's hand looked like someone had taken a sledge hammer to it. His fingers were bent at odd angles, his palm was swollen, and his entire hand was completely soaked in blood. Asta unzipped a little pouch that she had strapped to her left leg, and pulled out a full sized bottle of skele-grow and a shot glass. She poured Brynjar a shot of skele-grow, and went to go back to dig in her pouch for bandages when she noticed Blaise standing there in horror. "Hey!" Asta snapped as she pulled out ointment and bandages and replaced the skele-grow and shot glass in her pouch. "What are you standing around for?!" She asked a confused and scared looking Blaise. "Go get your mother and get somewhere safe! Now!" Blaise snapped back to reality from Asta's command. He had to save his mother and get out of there. Blaise darted towards the door, flung it open, and ran right into his mother. "Mama!" Blaise cried as he pulled his mother into a big tight hug. "Blaise!" His mother cried as she burst into tears at the sight of her son, alive and well and here to rescue her. Blaise was elated to have his mother back and safe. He had spent the few months the Malfoy's had her hostage picturing all the horrid things he thought they were doing to her, and now that he could see her, unscathed and healthy, he was over the moon. To know that they took care of her while they were holding her here was a blessing. Now he had to keep her safe, ensure that nothing happened to her again. "Come on mama, we have to go. Now." Blaise said as her grasped her hand and pulled her towards the door. Towards where Asta and Brynjar were. "Blaise where are you going?" His mother asked as she halted abruptly at the doorway. Asta had bandaged up Brynjar's hand and was now giving him a shot of pain potion, while muttering a protection spell on his bandages to keep them intact. Asta spun around as she was replacing the potion and glass back into her pouch, to see Blaise and his mother standing in the doorway staring at them. "Blaise, what are you doing you need to get out of here!" Asta exclaimed as she struggled to replace the bottle in her pouch. Blaise looked at her, slightly scared slightly in shock at how fast she tended to Brynjar's wounds. "I… I know… I just wanted to say thank you for helping me save my mother." Blaise explained nervously as his mother wrung his hand. Asta's expression softened and she walked towards Blaise and wrapped her arms around him and gave him a half hearted, yet warm hug. "You're welcome Blaise." Asta said softly as she pulled out of the hug and stepped back to admire him and his mother for a moment. She had never seen a bond so strong and full of love, like the one that she saw right before her. It was nice to see a mother and her son love each other and be as close as they are. A bond she, unfortunately, never had with her own mother. "Yeah. You're welcome mate, but we really got to get moving." Brynjar said as he looked watched his friend anxiously. "Right Asta?" Asta's face was tight and her jaw was clenched, when she heard Brynjar say her name she relaxed and nodded her head. "Right." She said firmly. "We have a party to crash. You two need to leave." "Go somewhere they won't think to look for you, and lay low until you hear that the Snakeman is dead, you understand?" Brynjar asked with a stern look at Blaise and his mother. Blaise nodded and looked at his mother and tugged her hand lightly, and smiled. "You ready mama?" Blaise asked softly. His mother nodded, and mouthed 'thank you' to Brynjar and Asta, before turning to Blaise and squeezing his hand. "Alright. Thank you again, both of you. I will never be able to repay you for this." Blaise said before he and his mom disapparated, leaving Brynjar and Asta staring at their recently vacated spot. "Are you ok Asta?" Brynjar asked as he placed his non injured hand on her shoulder. "I know it's hard for you to see-" "I'm fine." Asta said cutting him off. "Now come on B." Asta said as she turned to face her friend with a devilish grin on her face. "We've got a party to crash."