your arrogance his fin-" "Shut up." Surprised, Snape did just that, before recovering with a scowl. "Listen here, you brat..." Yet again he was interrupted when cold, empty green eyes flashed, then narrowed in his direction. "Save it. I have felt the abuse from my relatives. From the so called Light. I have been experimented on , and will more than likely continue to fulfill that vocation after you've completed whatever task you're here to carry out. So get it done and over with. I can't stand the taste of the traitors in the air about you." To say that Severus Snape, dungeon bat, was stunned was an understatement. He was gobsmacked. Never had he seen such cold hatred in one so young. He felt as if he had gotten a glimpse into his childhood. Seeing a miniature replica of himself. The only difference being that Harry's tormentors were far worse than Snape's own. Harry's attackers were adults. Aurors. Fathers. Mothers. Harry's old friends were the only children accepted. That was simply due to Ronald's jealousy, and Hermione's wish for advancement in both the Wizarding World and her magical repatóre. She constantly wanted to try out new spells she'd learned or created, on the teen. She was particularly nasty as well. Severus had heard tell from Arthur that she was more sadistic that any well trained Death Eater when she cast at her former friend. He said that the girl would cackle and call Harry all sorts of crude names. Half blood. Whore. Guinea pig. Lab-rat. Worthless. The list went on. Still, through it all, Harry said not a word. Held in any screams he could have let slip past his cracked and bloody lips. He held strong. Firm. The potions master could fairly see the rage and contempt that rolled off of the child. It was a bitter cold hearted wrath that he understood all too well. An intense need to survive so that one could savor their enemies deaths as vengeance was satisfied. It had been wonderful to know that Sirius Black had been sentenced to life in Azkaban. Even better when he found out that James Potter's death had been at the Dark Lord's hands. He'd regretted Lily's involvement, but not enough to resist the reaction to crow with delight at the misfortune of the others. So yes. He knew that all consuming want of revenge. The question now became, would he help the child, hinder him, or stay out of his way all together. It took him a minute for him to decide and with an uncharacteristic urge to be gentle, reached out his hand and lightly trailed his fingers down the boy's jawline. Harry's eyes widened in shock, he scented the kindness of the caress. The understanding. The loneliness, and the worry. Never had he felt this kind of touch, and it brought tears, unbidden to his emerald eyes. He would think it a trick if not for the fact that his abilities made it impossible. It was bitterly ironic that if not for this new anomaly with his skin, this almost 'scenting' a person's emotions through touch, he would never have known the fallacy of the people he once called friend. The Potter heir sobbed and leaned into the first kind touch he'd ever been gifted. Snape smiled softly. " I will help you with your vengeance, Harry." his voice was silky smooth but with out any hidden malice. He meant what he said. And Harry vowed then and there that Severus Snape would be the only man...the only person he would ever trust. After a few moments,the teen calmed. His eyes still cold, but there was a softness that hadn't been present before. The tall wizard marveled at the difference before he pulled his hand away and trailed it through his hair in a nervous gesture thought quelled long ago. The former Gryffindor smirked, noting the slip but not commenting on it. Instead he pulled away slightly from the man as much as he could. Virtually hugging the walls. " Thank you sir, but your close proximity is causing my senses to be over-whelmed. Forgive me." Comprehension dawned in the Slytherin's eyes and Harry inclined his head slightly in confirmation. Severus stared in awe at every inch of Harry's body. So that's how he did it. His body acted like one big snake tongue. Scenting the air and the skin of whoever touched him. If the dour man ventured a guess, it was harder for him to ignore the scent when it was deliberate touch. It must have fully manifested early due to the stress of third year with Peter Pettigrew after Harry's life. In fact it wasn't too long after the brat was sent to his relatives that Dumbledore announced to the world that the Gryffindor savior had gone missing. Later, informing his Order that in all actuality a hiccup had developed with the boy wonder and they needed to find out if the child was as Dark as he feared. The tests and target practice had started then. It didn't appear to have any chance of letting up anytime soon either. Finally, the potions professor bowed his head in acknowledgement of the trust being granted him. They had made a truce. Only time would tell how close they became. A scowl crossed Severus' face but Harry could tell it was teasing in nature. "Stop calling me sir." "Git?" A glare was his reply. Harry relaxed for the first time in months and allowed himself to smile, even if it was only the slight raising of the corner of his mouth. "Severus." The head of Slytherain rolled his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest. "As long as I'm here, I might as well teach you. Occulemency, Legillmens, and all of the Dark Arts I know, and created." Steel resolve entered into Harry's gaze and he nodded. And from then on that was how the two spent their 'torture' time together.