the boy curled up on the other end of the couch, staring into the fireplace blankly. The man summons a House Elf to bring some snacks for the boy, grabs a book and sits down in his chair by the couch. He reads in silence while Harry shakes himself out of his daze long enough to nibble on a sandwich that appears minutes later. "Most of them are really boring," Harry says, breaking the silence an hour later. "The visions, I mean." The teen is still staring into the fire and doesn't see Snape's raised eyebrow. So the man asks out loud, "How so?" Harry lets out a sad, halfhearted chuckle. "Last week I say the headmaster stub his toe when he got out of bed." "How absolutely tedious," Snape agrees. "You know, Dumbledore sleeps in the nude," Harry states, finally looking over at the professor with a slight blush on his face. He notices the Potions Master grimace, and assumes the mental image of his mentor's dick hanging out is one the man won't be able to get rid of anytime soon. The man looks towards Harry after a moment, visibly hesitating before speaking again. "Should I assume that you have seen a large number of the school's residents naked at this point?" Harry's pretty sure the question isn't one a professor would normally ask a student. But Snape had never really acted much like a typical professor, at least not when Harry was involved. So Harry boldly meets the man's eyes as he replies. "You have not idea. I can't look most of my year in the eyes anymore without remembering things I never wanted to know about them." Harry is relieved to finally be able to admit to it. "You have my honest sympathies," Snape says. Melancholic silence falls again as the conversation ends. Thirty minutes later, Harry speaks again. "The visions are how my potions alliance with Daphne started." Turning a page, Snape hums. "I had wondered about that. She's not the most friendly of people, even when it comes to her fellow Slytherins." "Yeah. I saw her get an answer wrong on a quiz. I met up with her before class and tries to get her to look up the uses of Basilisk Fangs." Snape looks at the boy flatly. It takes Harry a moment to realize why, and he winces, "Crap, I probably shouldn't admit that to you." "You really shouldn't," Snape growls. "But it's not like I could help seeing the test before hand. And I used my powers to help one of your Slytherins, so you shouldn't be too mad," Harry hunches down into the couch, waiting for Snape to explode about the admission to cheating. But Snape merely sighs and rubs the bridge of his nose. "In the future, when you see my tests, I expect you to tell me before class. I'll give you alternate questions." Harry is so shocked by the lack of argument about the issue that he readily agrees. Over the next few hours, two more sandwiches disappear and Harry tells more stories about his adventures trying (and often failing) to help his classmates with their issues. Snape is surprisingly easy to talk to now that they've grown out of their mutual irrational hatred. And Harry appreciates both Snape's snarky reactions to the situations he's found himself in as well as Snape's lack of accusations about how Harry has handled his foresight. The fear of being condemned for a skill Harry has no control over had been haunting Harry for months. But Harry realizes there is still one more admission he needs to make now, even at risk of breaking this truce between student and professor. "I've seen you too, Professor." Snape's book snaps closed. Harry is too nervous to look over at his professor and misses the slightly panicked expression that flickers over the man's face briefly. "Expand on that, Potter." The tone leaves no room for argument. "Don't worry, it's nothing inappropriate. I mean, I've never seen you, uh, you know," Harry stumbles over his words, wanting to get the awkward reassurances out of the way quickly. "It's mostly been your experiments. I've seen some explosions and some breakthroughs. Like when you realized you could use Jackalope blood to reduce the brewing time for Wolfsbane." Snape frowns at the memory. "That wasn't really a breakthrough. While it sped up the brewing time, the potion ended up far less potent and thus was utterly useless." Harry finally looks at Snape, surprised by what the man had decided to focus on first. "Oh," He says dumbly. "Next time I guess." A raised eyebrow and bemused smirk are shown to the teen. "I guess so." Harry waits Snape to ask more questions. His professor can't quite hide how uncomfortable the thought of Harry being able to see him without his permission is making him. "How about a deal? I'll tell you whenever I have a vision of you, even if it's awkward. And then you can ask me any question you want in return?" Harry suggests, desperate to keep Snape from reacting badly. Harry isn't fully sure why, but he doesn't want to drive the man away. Barely a moment passes before Snape replies. "Sounds fair enough, given the circumstances," The response is rewarded with a genuine grin from Harry, then Harry is speaking. "I guess we'd better start then. I've seen you five… no, six times. The first was when you were brewing some weird, sparkly glop in this tiny cauldron..." Harry spends the rest of the afternoon telling about each of his visions about the man. The boy spares no details, vividly describing all the times the man has hummed or cursed or turned a strange color from an explosion. And while the specter of Marina's death doesn't leave him, the room is warm and comfortable and Harry finds himself relaxing with the knowledge that he's not alone with his knowledge anymore. ….. End Part 1