way of useful information. Only a second cousin that had relocated to Canada a decade ago. With mild annoyance he flicked the pages again, passing numerous famed and the occasional extinct family. He stopped when he landed on the G's - it lay open on House of Gaunt. Slowly he traced a finger along the spidery family tree, it wasn't the first time he had looked at it. The last two entries were Merope and Morfin Gaunt - he had never been made an entry in the book, something he had once been furious about. Now he was grateful, he did not want his name - Tom Riddle written anywhere near the pureblood family tree. He didn't want to make it easy for anyone to connect him to his past. Voldemort smirked as a particularly familiar paragraph caught his eye. Members of the House of Gaunt often claimed to be direct descendent's of Salazar Slytherin himself, a supposition that is impossible to prove. Many believed this claim to be a desperate attempt to garner influence and power as the family continued to sink into disrepute and poverty. If only they knew — the blood of Slytherin had run in their veins, it was the only gift he had inherited from them. He thought momentarily of the locket he still had in his possession, just waiting for the perfect time to be used. Shaking the thoughts from his head, he found his mind wandering. He decided not to think too much about it as he again flicked the pages to the front, it opened in the middle of the chapter he had been looking for. The Ancient and Most Noble House of Black. Skipping to the end of the chapter he took a moment to admire the delicate small portraits of the last generations. He looked up instinctively to ensure there was no one around to see him before he flipped over to the family tree. It was a long intricate design, he knew they kept meticulous records of their pure line (with a few extras thrown in). A number of them had asterisks beside them and when he glanced at the bottom of the page he realised it was the members that had been removed from the official Black tree. It was a few pages until he reached the latest generation of the family, he was immediately drawn to the dashed red line from Cygnus to Bellatrix Black. He was surprised to see the faint name of Lucius Malfoy, a devout death eater until he remembered his wife Narcissa had obviously been a Black. He tried to conjure up an image of the woman in his mind and found he couldn't see much of a resemblance between her and Bellatrix. There was a star beside each of Narcissa's sisters, it seemed Lucius got the only one that hadn't been disowned. His eyes flitted down until he found the paragraph he was interested in. With another suspicious glance to unsure he did not have company and downing the last bitter taste of his coffee, he read. Bellatrix Black is a most unusual member of the Ancient and Most Noble House of Black. She is the only recognised illegitimate member and the only non-pureblood relation to be raised in a Black household. Bellatrix was born in 1951, the eldest daughter of Cygnus Black and an unknown, possibly halfblood woman who died when she was just an infant. It is rumoured the young girl was brought into the home due to Cygnus's concerns that his wife, Druella Black nee Rosier, was unable to conceive an heir for him. Three years later Andromeda Black (also disowned), closely followed by Narcissa Black (now Malfoy) were born. Little is known about how closely Bellatrix's upbringing followed a typical pureblood childhood but she was disowned in 1970, just a few months after Andromeda had been disowned. He leant back in his chair again as he digested what he had read. Much of it wasn't new to him, he had met Cygnus and Orion on several occasions and had received funding from the pair of them. He had heard all the rumours about the dark family, most were just flat out ridiculous but he knew that it was only due to their immense wealth and power that they had been able to keep Bellatrix and not get dragged down through the mud as well. Of course by the time he had gained support from the Black brothers, Bellatrix had long been disowned and her name - along with her sisters, was never mentioned in his presence. He noticed with interest that Orion's son, the one that hadn't been disowned, was finally of age. He hadn't been able to recruit the older men as anything more than fundraisers but a young pureblood boy would be more open to an active role in his army. He ruffled the pages back to the small watercolour portraits. He recognised Cygnus immediately, the picture much more youthful than when they had met. His wife was almost the mirror image of Lucius's wife, he couldn't believe he hadn't made the connection before. It was Bellatrix next, black curls pulled back neatly and eyes gazing intensely out at him. The pictures, unlike classical wizard portraits, were immobile. This only made her expression and countenance more ambiguous; the intense, almost stern expression at odds with the ghost of a smile playing at her lips. With a scowl Voldemort slammed the ancient book closed. He felt an odd mixture of shame and guilt at staring at the picture, emotions he was unfamiliar and angry at having. He pushed the book away from him and stood to pace, he needed to diffuse some of the energy that had built up inside of him. There was only one thing he could occupy himself with now. He always needed more followers and the son and heir of a powerful house such as Black would be an ideal place to start.