Chief Warlock!" Many students and teachers gasped. That was a surprisingly strong argument, coming from Fudge. It wasn't true , of course, but you had to read the fine print to see it. Albus had still had his wartime powers at the time, which legally allowed him to bypass the regular process for the sake of Harry's safety. But it was a legal grey area because there really should have been a custody hearing after his wartime powers ended. Unfortunately, he didn't have time to explain that. "Highly irregular," Percy agreed. "In violation of multiple laws and procedures. Definitely probably cause for a kidnapping case, sir." "That's it! Dawlish, Shaklebolt, arrest him!" the Minister roared triumphantly. Wands were drawn around the Hall. "No!" McGonagall yelled over shouts of indignation from her students. "Minister, this is outrageous!" "We've got his confession, Professor," Fudge insisted. "It'll be better if you stay out of our way. Albus Dumbledore, you are hereby relieved of your position and placed under arrest. I must have to ask you to surrender your wand and accompany the Aurors quietly." The Aurors moved against Dumbledore, and that was where it came apart. A few members of the D.A. stood up and drew their wands with a shout. This set off a chain reaction with some of the older Slytherins drawing their wands, then the teachers, then more Gryffindors. Harry hadn't anticipated this reaction, and he was suddenly very worried about what would happen. Tactically, a mass duel in the Great Hall was a very bad situation— " SILENCE!" Everyone stopped and looked up to the High Table to see Dumbledore standing up with his hands raised. He looked angry—angry enough even to stop Fudge and the Aurors. "I will not see my school turned into a battlefield," he said, his eyes seeming to fall on everyone in the Hall in the same instant. Not even Fudge dared to interrupt him. "The loyalty of many of you to me is admirable, but this is not the way. Violence will only lead to more violence…Unfortunately, it appears that I have overstayed my welcome. This is a highly unusual situation, but it is unavoidable. Rest assured, though, my loyalty will always be to Hogwarts, and I am confident that I will be able to return in time. Until then, I will leave you in Professor McGonagall's capable hands. I expect you to respect her as you would me." "Yes, well, thank you for dealing with that problem, Dumbledore," Fudge said awkwardly. "Now, if you'll come with the Aurors—" "Ah, I think we have a slight misunderstanding, Cornelius," Dumbledore said, raising one finger. "I said I would go. I never said I would go with the Aurors." He winked, and now, Harry was sure he was winking at him: "Remember, help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it." Suddenly, there was a flash of huge red and gold wings over Dumbledore's head accompanied by the cry of a large bird, and the great wizard vanished in a pillar of fire. A wind blew the two Aurors back along with everyone else who was standing near him as he disappeared from sight. Many of the students cheered, while a majority just stared open-mouthed in shock. "Phoenix travel!" Fudge exclaimed, and he muttered to himself, "Slippery old goat." "Well, you may not like him, Minister, but you've got to admit, Dumbledore's got style," Kingsley said. Plenty of Dumbledore's fan grinned, but Fudge scowled: "Style and an arrogant streak a mile wide. Dawlish, copy Weasley's notes and put out the word to search for him. We'll get him yet!" "Yes, sir," Dawlish said eagerly. He soon left, leaving Kingsley to watch over Fudge and Percy, who was continuing to take notes on the situation. "How dare you!" McGonagall cried. "Driving the Headmaster from the school—" "I merely brought his past crimes to light, Professor McGonagall," Umbridge spoke over her loudly enough that she must have used a Sonorous Charm. "You should be concerned for yourself, going along with this plan of Dumbledore's. Very suspicious. And we have so much more to cover." "You got what you wanted, Dolores!" McGonagall said with a sound of fighting back tears. "Dumbledore's gone. Just leave it be." "Oh, no, no, no, Professor," Umbridge said with her poison smile. "We've barely scratched the surface. Kidnapping is a serious charge by itself, but to see the full depths of the harm Albus Dumbledore has caused, we will need to read the next chapter. And that's not all. There is serious mismanagement of Hogwarts that this book will reveal, which must be dealt with swiftly. And moreover, Mr. Potter has continued to spout his lies despite repeated correction, and I think it's only appropriate to show his fellow students just how unbalanced his unfortunate upbringing has made him. They should be fully informed of the inaccuracy of his tales, don't you think, Minister? I've already cleared the entire morning." "Oh, that sounds very interesting, Dolores," Fudge said. "This activity has been so informative already; I'd very much like to hear more." "And there you go," she agreed. "Perhaps you would you like to do the honours, Professor McGonagall, since you are the next most senior teacher? I have a copy of the book just for you." In other words, don 't bother trying to burn it or anything. "You cannot be serious, Dolores," McGonagall snapped tearfully. "After what you've just done?" "It would be in your interest to cooperate, Professor McGonagall," Umbridge said in a far more menacing tone than usual. "I can always have the Aurors read it if you don't want to." And she was cornered. He tears turning to anger, she said, "Oh, give me that," and swiped the book from her hands like a cat. Finding the place on the page, she read the final paragraph, ending with the toast that had been on everyone's lips that night: "'To Harry Potter—the boy who lived!'"