find a place that would take you, not only would you get a fair hearing, you'd have official protection from being sent back here! It's perfect!" Harry was stunned. That would solve so many problems it sounded too good to be true. "That's…that would be…do you you really think that would work?" he stammered. Hermione bit her lip and tried to reason it out. "We'd have to be careful," she said. "First, if we're really serious about Uagadou, we'll need to write to a bunch of the Ministries of Magic in its catchment area, but we'll have to be careful what we say. We can use your name, but we'll have to be vague about Sirius and just say he's an acquaintance of yours who's being denied a fair trial or something like that. The good news is Uagadou serves all of Africa, so it has a lot of countries in its catchment area." "And if we can find one that'll let Sirius in, he'll be safe?" "Nothing's completely certain, but if it's anything like the muggle world, there would be a hearing to decide whether to grant him political asylum. It might be a tough sell, since all we really have is our word, but we can offer to use Veritaserum and such. If it succeeds, he'll definitely be safe. If it fails, he'll be extradited back to Britain." "I don't like that," Harry said. "I know, but it's still probably his best chance. You should at least ask him if he's interested—and he probably will be. You can see how stir-crazy he is here." "Yeah, I guess," he said uncomfortably. "You think it'll work, then?" "If we find a sympathetic Ministry, I think so," Hermione said. "Did you know that most countries don't even use Dementors anymore? A lot of them don't like the British Ministry because of that. I bet there are a few that actually care about justice and want to stick it to them. Hm…I'll have to look them up and draw up a list. Nigeria's probably no good. The new Supreme Mugwump is from there, so he won't be on Dumbledore's side. And the countries on the Mediterranean coast and South Africa wouldn't be my first choice either. Too many close connections with Europe. We can rule out small countries that don't have a strong enough Ministry to stand up to Britain. I mean, they might, but I'd be more comfortable with a bigger one. And we'll want to stay out of conflict zones." "But how many would that leave us?" Harry asked. "I'm not sure. Probably still about twenty or so. And we can add some more back in if we need to. I'll draw up the list tonight so we can start writing letters. If we're lucky, Uganda will just take us directly…though I'm not sure what languages they speak there." Harry nodded and then stopped. "Wait, did you just say us ?" he said. "Well, of course I'll be coming with you," she said with a smile. "With my grades, I can get into any magical school in the world, and I've got less and less reason to stay here with You-Know-Who running unopposed. To be honest, I had half a mind to tell might my parents let's pack up and move to Australia already—" "Wow, Hermione—" Harry started. "—and if the Ministry is so corrupt that they'll go after innocent people, I'm actually kind of scared to stay in this country…Oh God, Harry, I'm just so worried." "Hermione—" "What if they try to stop you or Sirius leaving the country? If they break so many of their own laws, there's no telling what they could do. What if they try to take you straight to Azkaban when you show up just to shut you up? What if they try to wipe your memory and expel you from the magical world? Can they even do that? What if they're already secretly working for You-Know-Who? What if—?" "HERMIONE! Hermione, please calm down." And then, Harry did something that he had never done before: he initiated a hug with his bushy-haired friend. Hermione immediately slumped in his arms and started crying. "Oh, Harry, I'm so sorry," she said. "It's just that I can't stop. Ever. I try. I really do, but nothing works." She sniffed and laughed slightly. "You know how I am about exams. I'm always sure I failed everything, no matter how well I do—it was my boggart, for heaven's sake. That's why I sent all those letters. I'm going mad just waiting here and doing nothing. I have to do something to take my mind off it." Harry chuckled: "You're brilliant, d'you know that? You're doing fine." Hermione blushed and shook her head. "You don't what it's like," she said. "I try to sit still and just not think for a few minutes—you know, kind of like meditation—and I can 't do it . Do you know how hard it is when you try to calm down and relax, and you realise you're so wound up all the time that you just can't stop thinking, even for a minute?" "I think that's who you are, though. You wouldn't be Hermione Granger otherwise." "But I can't stand it! I wish I could just switch off my brain sometimes…It's all such rubbish, anyway. There's no way they can convict you, legally. If there's anybody sensible watching the proceedings…" "Yeah, I know, but…but maybe it's better this way." "What do you mean?" "I mean you're right, I don 't have much reason to stay here—not if they're going to treat me like this and let Voldemort walk all over them. I mean, what good is it if both sides are gonna be fighting me?" "So then you…want to go?" she said. "I think…I think we need to talk to Sirius…" Then he smiled. "But sticking it to the Ministry and Dumbledore at the same time is starting to sound like a good idea."