were Half-Blood wizards and witches, most of them were children. An elder sister cared her younger brother, who looked to be five or six years old, by pulling a quilt over him. Sitting next to them, Augusta Burke watched over them. She was staring back at Cygnus triumphantly. Her face was full of pride and her eyes shone brilliantly, which mesmerized him. She had insisted that it was their duty to rescue the victims of the holocaust, she came to the office before that severe rescue journey started and said, "Don't forget the real pride of Pure-Blood. Real Pure-Blood gentlemen save the weak." She was the only female Auror in the British Magical Ministry. Cygnus had been always conscious of her as a woman. He loved her frankness and her spirit which were rare to be seen in any other witches. Their mission was to end the frantic war in the background. Muggle war has always destroyed nature. Nature is the origin that produces magic. Their fellow Aurors had been hunting the evil wizards who assisted the Muggle war criminals. But they didn't need to rescue the victims. Only hunting the criminals was their task. If they could get back to their country safe, he was going to propose to her. But she answered, "I'm sure you think you love me because I'm a Pure-Blood. But I already have a future husband." Augusta married Longbottom who was her fellow Auror, popular in the Ministry for his sense of humor. Because I have no other youth, can make me pine; For how should I forget the wisdom that you brought ** Cygnus hid his real feeling deep inside his heart. His real ideal, generosity of Pure-Bloods vanished with his unrequited love when Augusta left him. His broken heart let him abandon his belief which had been influenced by Augusta. He started behaving like his father, Pollux who was a fanatical believer in Pure-Bloods superiority. His sister, Walburga and his two daughters followed the Pure-Blood way, too. Only his second daughter was the exception. He couldn't protect his second daughter from the blame of his relatives when she eloped with Ted Tonks. A part of him wanted to assist her but Pollux had power in the family. If he aided Andromeda, he might have been removed from the Noble House of Black, too. Besides, the young Muggle-Born, Tonks was very similar to Longbottom in the humorous character, which reminded him of his bitter memory, provoked him into removing his youngest daughter. Longbottom stole Augusta from him. Tonks stole his youngest daughter from him. He had been saturnine. His life was going to end. What a glum life he had had. Then the loyal house-elf wiped his face with white clean cotton cloth, said, "Master, Mistresss second son didn't come back. Her husband has been staying inside his room shocked. She has been crying. Your wife is comforting her. So I came to you instead of them. I heard the rumor that he was killed. Do you think the Dark Lord killed him? I can't believe it." Kreacher went out of the room to care Orion Black who got sick grieving over his second son. Cygnus Black had nightmare that night. Centaurs were cantering around the Saturn in the space. Was this a bad omen? He heard the low voice, Bellatrix whispered in his ear, "Father, you don't have to watch my cousin, anymore. I captured the coward Gryffindor. The Dark Lord and I will torture the rat. He'll confess where the Potters are hiding!" He woke up and tried hard to see her leaving, but he could only hear the door bang shut. He felt he needed to contact the Order of Phoenix. He had heard Dumbledore invented the Pensieve in which he could watch the other's thoughts. He now realized only the Order could stop the violence of the Dark Lord and Bellatrix. He mustered his last strength, summoned his wand, extracted the thought about half of his life pointing at the temple with his wand. The grey coiled gas was saved in the small flask with his trembling hands. He barely attached the note to the flask, felt utterly feeble, and went back to sleep. He hoped the house-elf could deliver it to Dumbledore before it would be too late. At peep of day, Kreacher found Cygnus Black had gone beyond the veil. Hermione heaved a big sigh and asked, "Kreacher, could you deliver his thought to Dumbledore in time?" Kreacher started crying hard. He blew his nose with a rag. Harry said quietly, "Hermione, I doubt that knowing too much helps you. If he was in time, my parents hadn't died. I repeated the sad memory of my parents listening to his story. Do you feel better now?" "I'm very sorry, Harry. But to know this is important to me to overcome my problem," she was in a gloomy mood. Ron coughed lightly, "Well, I'm hungry. Kreacher, what did you make for us? I reckon you cook a big dinner for Harry every day. I envy him." Soon Kreacher recovered, started making breakfast like he was a blue bouncing ball, the hem of the blue cardigan dancing together with his every move. Harry felt thankful that Ron was with them. He was in a bright mood, and said to Hermione, "Well, It feels great to know my grandfather named Teddy's grandma after the constellation". Hermione smiled back brightly. Harry cared for his best friend. He blamed himself for how he had been indifferent toward her as an after-effect of the war. He felt the necessity to talk about that with her and Ron. Author's Note: * More sinned against than sinning (King Lear by Shakespeare) ** Do not because this day I have grown saturnine Imagine that lost love, inseparable from my thought Because I have no other youth, can make me pine; For how should I forget the wisdom that you brought (Under Saturn by W. B. Yeats)