said after reading the first few pages. "It has entries from past people whom the pendant appeared to. This is fascinating, wars that were fought then undone. Absolultley amazing." "Does it tell you how to go back?" Phineas reminded. "Yes, there is a section on how to do that." Hermione agreed redily, going to that part of the journal. After a few moments of silence she continued. "There will be a spell I must cast while wearing the necklace. It will take me where the Magic has decided I should go and I will change events from there. Phineas, this is fascinating!" The portrait raised an aristocratic brow in question. "It details that while I go back in time and alter events they will be solidified in time. It is different than the time turner. If I used a time turner and changed events then I would not do it a second time thus undoing the alterations and we would be stuck in an endless cycle. But this necklace somehow prevents that paradox." Hermione babbled excitedly. Holding the pendant up. "Imagine what we could learn if we researched—" "No!" Phineas interrupted sharply. "You must not attempt to understand it if the knowledge became known then we may create another without magic's will. Such a thing is much too dangerous." Startling, Hermione frowned. Lowering her arm, she hestitlely agreed. Such a thing made sense of course, though she wished she could learn how it worked. "Do not despair." The portrait soothed. "I understand you wish to learn but you must also realize the danger." "Of course." Hermione agreed immediately her mind already wondering if someone like Voldemort had gotten a hold of this. "Wait, what if someone takes it from me?" "It should be in the book. If only those chosen by magic are able to read the book then the spell should be safe within your mind and should not be able to share the information. If for some reason you are forced to give such information, it is my understanding that the pendant would not work for anyone else and will only work the once for you." Phineas assured. Hermione turned back toward the book reading quickly, nodding her head in agreement to the SLytherins statement. Yes, that appeared the be true. "Mione, is everything okay?" Harry asked popping his head through the doorway. Surprised, he watched as his friend jumped before looking toward him with big eyes, the portrait of one of the House of Black the only one inhabitied at the time. "Harry, we've got to start planning!" Hermione exclaimed joyously. … "Do you have everything?" Harry inquired cautiously. When Hermione had first told him her find, he was at first hurt thinking this was some kind of joke, which turned into skeptic after her assurance, and finally elation once it all sunk in. They had gathered Ron and the others, quickly having Hermione detail in the journal all the events that could be changed, and most importantly the Horcruxes. Since they did not know whether she would be deposited in the first or second war, the put everything in. Hermione herself believed it would be the first war after all, Gideon and Fabian died at the end of it and she did not think two Hermiones would be acceptable. "Yes, Harry." Hermione responded immediately. The only other people in the room where Ron, George, and Headmistress McGonagall. Though the remaining Order of the Phoenix members knew, they did not wish to crowd her. "My bag is filled how it was before when we were on the run, I've got the Journal with all the details I may need, and several containers of Basilisk venom." "Remember, when you arrive whenever you do. Seek out the Head of the House of Black." The Headmistress demanded. "And be careful who you trust, the war changed everyone so you will not know a person in the past based off of their future selves." Nodding Hermione stood in the center of the room. They had discussed several plans of attacks, finally choosing for her to find the whoever the head of the house was. The only person that they agreed should be allowed full knowledge would be the head of the House of Black and it's heir after all only they had taken unbreakable vows. If Hermione decided anyone else was worthy she would first have to administer an unbreakable vow. They could not chance anything, McGonagall agreed that she herself would need to take the vow before being told too much information. After all, at the time she trusted Dumbledore explicitly and the golden trio had learned the hard way that the wizard was much too manipulative to be trusted fully. Perhaps, given the vow. "Good luck, Mione." Harry whisphered, reaching out a hand to squeeze Hermione's shoulder in comfort. "Don't worry Harry, if I go far back enough, youll be raised by your parents." Hermione promised seriously. "Miss Granger, do not forget your main goal." McGonagall warned. "I know." Hermione acknowledged. "But this is one of my main goals, if the Magic wanted anything different it should not have chosen me." "Be careful out there." George interrupted, the group had fought enough about what Hermione should do and where her priorities lay. In George's opinion, the magic chose her so her choice should be top. Standing in the center of a diagram mirroring the image in a journal only she could read Hermione raised her wand. Every worldly possession she could need was clutched in her hand, in the small purple bag. This was different . Muttering the spell she felt the magic surge through the necklace resting against her chest. There would be no Ron, no Harry. Her vision went fuzzy as the circle lit up, brilliant golden sparks shooting around her, consuming her. There would be no Golden Trio, just Hermione. A tug at her navel pulled, like a portkey. She hoped, just Hermione would be enough.