am notified if and when Voldemort makes an attempt on the Ministry, I would be able to intercept him." "It sounds like you have limited resources, though. Could we do something else? Remove the prophecy record from the Ministry, maybe?" Dumbledore considered this. "We would need Harry to do it in person," he said. "That would require a lot of paperwork and would be almost impossible to hide from Voldemort's spies…but I will consider it. It may be a better alternative, in the end." Far to the north in a heavily-warded manor house in Yorkshire, Lord Voldemort held council with his ally, La Pantera, the Dark Lady of Veracruz. La Pantera was a self-styled Aztec priestess and one of the few witches in the world who could count herself Voldemort's equal in power and cruelty. She had designed and performed the ritual brought him back to life. And now, she was analysing the damage he had done to his soul. "I still don't see how you're still sane, Voldemort," La Pantera said as she waved his wand over him. She was also the only person who could call him "Voldemort" to his face and live. "If you'd asked me, I would've thought making a horcrux by accident wasn't even possible." "Is it important, Lady Pantera?" Voldemort hissed impatiently. "I am still sane, and my method of multiple horcruxes has paid off." "Not as well as you think. You've made your soul unstable." "What do you mean?" "Normally, a calloused soul is pretty resilient against dark magic. But because you made an unbalanced number of horcruxes, it's left cracks. It's like a cracked foundation. No matter how strong the stone is, moisture can still get in and damage it. And with as much as you sling around Unforgivable Curses, you're at risk of degrading your soul over time in this condition." That did disturb Voldemort. Over the centuries, Dark Wizards had learnt that mistakes in making horcruxes could degrade the soul, causing them to slowly lose their sense of self, becoming insane, animalistic, or slipping into a coma. He had never made a mistake when he'd been able to complete the ritual, but this news was troubling. "Can you do anything for it?" he asked. La Pantera thought for a minute. "Probably," she said, "but it'll take time. I'll need to design a new ritual to either seal the cracks or patch them over. That will be a lot more speculative than the last ritual, so it might take a while—and I expect you to continue paying my fee. In the meantime, lay off the Unforgivables. Use your new fire powers and more neutral spells where you would have used Torture and Killing Curses before. That should keep most of the stress off your soul until I find a solution." As a bonus, La Pantera's ritual had given Voldemort immunity to fire and a powerful affinity for the element. Voldemort considered her advice and deemed it acceptable. His followers would not suspect anything was amiss if he switched to using his fire affinity for a while. "At least the horcrux explains how a Gryffindor like Potter managed to become a Parselmouth," he mused, changing the subject. "That's one more power he no longer has…" He paused, the word power echoing in his head. Things began to fall into place. "The prophecy. Of course. I wonder…" "What prophecy?" La Pantera said, growing alert at once. "You never mentioned a prophecy." "I did not consider it important for you to know until now…But perhaps your advice may be useful. In the spring of 1980, one of my Death Eaters informed me that a Seer met Dumbledore and gave him a prophecy: 'The one with the power to destroy the Dark Lord approaches…born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies…' There was more, but my servant did not hear it. I searched carefully before determining that the prophecy most likely applied to the infant Harry Potter, which is why I pursued him." " Pendejo. Classic trap. Self-fulfilling prophecy. You went after the chico , made him a horcrux, gave him a protection of love, and created your own worst enemy. And you didn't think this was important to mention?" "I thought that it was my own business." "Prophecies can through off the whole calculation! I don't suppose you ever found out what the rest of it was?" "I did not. I had thought I would need to hear the rest of the prophecy to be assured of destroying Potter, but it's obvious now. The horcrux that he possessed was 'the power to destroy the Dark Lord'. If he had discovered the connection between us and used it against me, he could have found my other horcruxes. Now that it is gone, that threat is ended." "You're a fool, Voldemort. You never trust to a single interpretation of a prophecy. They're far too tricky. Double if you don't actually know what they say." "Then what would you recommend?" "You're sure it's about Potter?" "Potter and the Longbottom boy were the only two who fit the description." "The only ones in Britain, you mean, but probable. But the power —the power could be anything: the horcrux, love, arcane magic, followers. Even if you kill them both, it could be a legacy of some kind. A martyr to rally around can be more dangerous than a lone hero. But you shouldn't waste your time on it, either. It's too vague to act on directly. You'll do best to build up your forces and act strategically. If you get an opportunity to learn the rest of the prophecy, take it, but remember that no prophecy will make you invincible." Voldemort considered this for a while. As much as the woman galled him, he could understand the logic. "Very well, Lady Pantera," he said. "See to your next ritual, and I will see to returning my loyal followers and allies to my side."