the '3'. Minerva would often pass the cabinet, but never did she take out the chess set. The white pawn had long since given up hope that one day she would crack open the door and play another game. It was all his fault, of course. Elphinstone had never turned up at the door from work, never set foot back in the house. Since that day, Minerva had never played another game of chess. The connection was clear, and if the white pawn ever came across the man again, she would make sure to defeat his battalion with more vigour than she ever did before. " I think I have everything," Minerva muttered, placing a hat on her trunk and staring around the room. One of the black pawns sighed and was soon echoed by several other pawns. The white pawn rolled her eyes at him, wondering why he expected any different. She watched as Minerva waved her wand and minimised the trunk. The white pawn turned her gaze away from her, preparing herself for another year of neglect. " Oh! How silly of me!" Minerva said. Sweeping towards the cabinet, she carefully picked up the chess board and blew on it. Before the white pawn could process what was happening, or recover from her surprise, Minerva then took out her wand and aimed it at the pieces. A few of the pieces squealed, including the white king, as they began to shrink. Minerva lifted the board up again, causing chaos amongst pieces who slid across the board, and placed it into the trunk. It was hours, days even, before the white pawn saw light again. She didn't mind, however, for as soon as the board was taken out of the trunk, Minerva began to set up a game. As the other pieces tittered about the strange, cold room they were in, the white pawn stared at the woman. Could it be? Was she going to finally play another game? Minerva pointed her wand at the board and murmured something. The pieces around her squealed again, yet the white pawn's attention remained on Minerva as she and the other pieces grew bigger and bigger, surpassing her original size and growing taller than any normal human. Minerva didn't give her time to register this, however, and simply said, "Win at all costs," before leaving the room. The white queen held her sword pointed towards the young humans. The redhead hadn't moved since she had struck him down, his little companion crying over his still form. She had done what Minerva had asked: she had stopped the boy from winning and vanquished her enemy. Minerva would now be safe to come back and further battles could be played. It wasn't long before the door to the room burst open and her commander came rushing through with an older man. "Merlin! Albus, this hasn't gone as planned at all!" Minerva cried, running over to the board. The white queen stood tall and proud as Minerva leant down to examine the boy, looking at his arm and placing a finger on his wrist. She waited for her commander to declare the boy officially defeated before bestowing praise upon her. "I'm sure Mr Weasley will be fine, Minerva," the older man said. "He has done his school proud." Water was leaking from Minerva's eyes, almost as much as it had when Elphinstone had left. With a shaky breath, she said, "Chess is a barbaric game, such a barbaric game. I will tell you now, I shall not be playing again." The white queen stared at her commander, unsure she had heard correctly. There was no mistaking the look of hatred in Minerva's green eyes, however, when she turned her gaze on her. Her own eyes felt strange, and had she not been made of marble, she wouldn't have been surprised if she, too, started leaking water. Minerva had been the best commander, the best strategist she had ever known. Minerva had made her a queen when no one else had, yet now it was clear that she was nothing more than a pawn in a human world. A/N: This fic was written for the Quidditch League Fanfiction Competition, Season 4, Semi-finals. The Falmouth Falcons were given the prompt 'write from the perspective of the giant chess board.' As Beater 1, my two bonus prompts were: (word) sly (word) matchsticks Word count: 2992 (using Gdocs and ) Needless to say, this was one of the hardest rounds I have ever done, and I apologise for having made any of you read this lol. After considering an idea about a pawn trying to become a queen (as inspired by the quote "Chess: the game where a pawn can become a queen"–unknown), or having Minerva go a little haywire and have her transforming students into chess pieces as detention/ revenge, I went with this. I hope the backstory of how the giant chessboard game to be makes sense (i.e. it was a regular Wizarding Chess set before Minerva transformed it to be life-size—a detail I didn't dwell on too much). Oh, one more thing: I know that Elphinstone was old when he died, much older than Minnie, but I did read somewhere he had a ginger beard... somewhere. Fanon or not, I can see him having it in my head (that, and hair dye does exist, especially magical hair dye ;)). A big thank you to The Lady Arturia and WrenWinterSong for beta'ing this piece for me, and to everyone putting up with my many 'I hate chess' phases :) If anyone is unsure of the moves of chess (I actually had to play a few games to make sure the moves worked out in this), once a pawn gets to the opposite side of the board, it can become a queen, rook, bishop or knight. I think it's safe to say, however, that I won't be playing any more games anytime soon ;) Thanks for reading! Xx