then been able to make a cut and use a second crystal. The group responsible for the crystal production had also come up with another hit, a best-off series. The matches were cut to only show the most impressive scenes during the match, cutting the actual time down considerably. So the eight groups that had competed for the sixteen spots got a crystal each for their matches in combined fashion, the same for the next rounds. For the semi-finals and the finals there would be more scenes shown than on the other best-off crystals. Harry hadn't had the opportunity to watch more than one of them, but he was impressed with the idea. It was a lot like the sports news on TV that Uncle Vernon had always watched on Saturdays. Harry was grateful that he didn't have to wear formal robes. This was after all a sports event, so good-looking semi-formal clothes would work. The ones with him were Alicia Spinnet, Emilia Grey and Keith Belarus. They had won the draw for the tickets for the finals. Of course there were also the Weasleys with Hermione and Neville in the box. Harry was wearing an Ireland rosette in support of the last team from the British Isles. And the attack force of the Irish was incredible. He had never seen such great tactics from chasers. Though the abilities of Krum were also fantastic. It was clear why he was the currently best seeker in the world. Harry really wanted to test some of the moves Krum had used on his own firebolt. He wondered if the bet that Fred and George had talked about, they had bet Bagman that Ireland would win but Krum catch the snitch, would work out for them. While he knew that thanks to their increased effort in their schoolwork to get internships they wanted at JWT their grades had skyrocketed much to the shock of most Professors, he didn't think they had that much money to be careless risking it in a bet. While there was a good chance that it would happen, the Irish only needed one more goal to pull away one hundred and sixty points which would make the catch of the snitch useless for Bulgaria to win this, he was worried about his friends. He knew of their dream of opening a joke shop. Well, a joke shop with some side-lines of products that would sell well even if they weren't classical joke products. They had told him after returning from the JWT tour their father had given them that they had realised that there were lots of products that the wizarding world hadn't thought of inventing before. They had a number of ideas that would work out and they had promised themselves that they would use the time they had left at Hogwarts to do market research and find ways to create their future products. Harry meanwhile was thinking that if he could win the twins for JWT it would bring him immense profit in the future. Perhaps if they wanted to be their own boss he could set them up with starting capital and get a share in the business. At least Mrs Weasley had been so happy about the OWL results of the twins, eight OWLs each with O's in Charms, Potions, Transfiguration and Ancient Runes and E's in Muggle Studies, Herbology and DADA and an A in Astronomy. Nobody had expected for them to perform brilliantly like that. That they had failed History wasn't a problem. They blankly said that they hadn't learned at all for that OWL as it was impossible to stay awake in Binns' classes and had used the time they would have needed to spend learning the History book on their other subjects, especially Potions. While Snape was an arse and they could easily learn what they needed in Potions otherwise, if the reform of the Hogwarts education that had been announced after Sirius had been elected Minister meant that they got a new Potions teacher and he or she still required an OWL they didn't want to miss that chance. With a proper teacher there was a lot that they could learn which would help make their products better. Harry saw that Ireland scored again, if Krum now caught the snitch the result the twins had foretold would happen and after Krum got hit into the face by a bludger Lynch seemed to have spotted the snitch. Krum swiftly followed. It was a neck-on-neck dive which led to Lynch kissing the ground again and Krum catching the snitch. Ireland had won but Krum caught the snitch. The twins were grinning massively when they held open their hands facing Bagman. Harry was playing the epitome of the perfect son of the Minister of Magic during the reception after the match. He knew how important this was for his Pa and he didn't want to disappoint him. So he made polite conversation with the state guests, talked to the Quidditch players and congratulated them to their spectacular performance and commented on his thoughts on changes that his Pa had started at the Ministry. He would rather celebrate with his friends in private, but he had no choice. Thankfully the security measures worked out perfectly so far and nothing had happened to disturb the happy Quidditch fans. There had been some small frictions between Irish and Bulgarian fans, but the security force had everything under control. Around two in the morning Harry could finally excuse himself to get some sleep. He used the portkey he had been given to get back home as it would be too dangerous for the Minister's son to sleep at the camping ground. He knew that his Pa would also portkey home once the reception was over. Okay, that's it for today, it's more or less the introduction to a few changes. The main part will start next chapter. I will try to update at least once a month.