a month one more time, I'll go outside and tell Lily all about our little run-in with the muggle police in London," I warned him when he didn't leave. "I guess you're going to have to use this for two months then" he suggested holding up a small item wrapped in cloth. He never failed to make me smile. I took a good look at James who absent-mindedly ran his hands through his hair, as he walked up to my bike. I still pictured the lanky, pointy-faced boy I met so many years ago on the Hogwarts express. And as he still had the same proud smile, unruly hair, and lame humour, I knew he would never change. James placed the item inside one of the pockets of my leather jacket. "What is that anyway?" I said as he turns to see me. His infamous smirk appeared once again. "Remember the two-way mirror Fitch confiscated in sixth year?" "You got it back! How did you even get into his office?" I snapped my head up in excitement. "Believe it or not, Ms. Lily Evans, got it back on a dare from me when doing rounds," he said proudly. "Prongs, if you don't marry her I will!" We both laughed once again, looking out the garage doors. Lily was happily bossing Peter and Remus on the porch, making them pick up broken Firewhiskey bottles from the night before. When our laughter died down into a comforting silence, I felt my throat closing in. Since I was eleven years old, I have never been separated from James Potter. We spent all our time at Hogwarts together, the holidays were always at his home, after I turned sixteen…well I would've been out on the street if it weren't for his family. "Listen to me," I said clearing my throat, "I wrote a will. Its in the second drawer of my dresser… incase…. you know…" "There were better ways of wasting your time," He said putting a hand on my shoulder "shooting flies with your wand, finally reading the History of Hogwarts, honestly mate the possibilities are endless". However, James' lighthearted words didn't read his face. "Look, you're a survivor. I know if anyone can get through this its you" James said in all seriousness. I didn't know how to respond to that, as we rarely had serious conversations. I took my time putting on my helmet and gloves, letting his words simmer in my mind. I shouldn't have had to be going through any of this in the first place. Turning on the ignition of the bike, the engine let out a rambunctious sound. It must have been heard by the entire neighbourhood, as even Lily halted her yells outside. "I'll send word as the first sight of him," James yelled over the engine. "He's the wanted man here Sirius, not you" James followed me out onto the driveway, squinting from the beaming sunlight. The sun was now above the distant trees, and the sky was clear and bright blue. Back at Hogwarts, this was ideal weather for Quidditch, or taking a dip in the Great Lake. I couldn't picture what the ideal weather for running away was. My eyes started absentmindedly tracing my route through the stream of clouds heading east. I slowly drove my bike onto the end of the property, James walking alongside me in silence. "Then why am I the one leaving?" I delayed my question for as long as I could. We both knew the answer. But even now, with my muggle stamps, BLT, and two way mirror, it still seemed surreal. "Because you have something to come back to." His words made me pull the breaks. I took off my helmet and started at him in awe, wondering when James Potter became so wise. "Sirius, I know you're angry. But you gotta stay focused, because we need you back alive. I'm not getting married until I'm sure you've prepared a god-awful best man speech, and Lily already said if you don't do it, then she's going to …" I put my hand on his shoulder to stop him from talking. I didn't need to say anything to James for him to understand how I was feeling. "Give Evans a hard time while i'm gone for the month," I said quietly. "I'll make sure to cause enough havoc for two months," he laughed. "And in the meantime, just turn into your animagus if you feel uneasy," James' eyes lit up with the idea. I pulled on the levitation lever and the bike started hovering up towards the sky "Is that what you do when Evans starts bickering at you?" I yell over my shoulder as the bike gained height. He flung his head back with laughter, and I was grateful it was the last memory I had of him before I left. The motorbike gained height until it was fifty feet in the air, and I allowed myself to turn and look below. The Potter manner shrunk into the size of my thumb, as my ant sized friends were jumping up and down waving up at me. Pulling on the acceleration lever, I tried to focus on the journey ahead of me. James was right. I had to come back to them in one piece, or else the best man speech would probably be written by Lily Potter. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX This story is basically my first-born, and like all new mom's, idk wtf I'm doing! I need your support to guide me through it! I would LOVE LOVE LOVE, to read your thoughts/comments on the chapter! You have constructive criticism or advice? EVEN BETTER! I'm a long time fan fiction reader who recently found the courage to publish my own work, after reading endless cliches and overdone story lines. If you think my story sounds promising (and originial) please stick around, I tried to make this as unconventional from most Sirius Black fanfictions as I could without breaking canon