blushed even harder when he noticed; he must look a right sight next to the taller Lord when he was only eleven and reached up to the man's chest. "The Potters' disgraced son, hm?" asked Tom Riddle, and Harry shivered at the sound of it. It was every bit as delicious and wonderful as he thought it would be and despite the amount of absolute danger he was in, found himself not regretting his impulsive action. After all, he could now memorize the husky voice of his intended and imprint it into his memory forever. "Have you come to regain your honor for your family?" continued the Professor when Harry made no move to reply. "You're many years too early to be a match for me." "I," stammered out Harry, his mind searching frantically for a reason for why he had been following Tom. He half wanted to just lift his shirt and show the words printed on his chest; the words that had been a burden from the very moment they had appeared. He wanted to tell the Dark Lord that Harry was his and that they were meant to be forever and ever, but ... Harry couldn't betray his family like that. Even though he knew his mother and father were extremely disappointed in him, he couldn't help wanting to prove them wrong. That he was Light and not Dark, and he could be the son that they had always wanted him to be. And besides his parents, he couldn't leave James behind like that. James had pulled him aside before they had left on the shopping trip, his brown eyes fierce and determined as he spoke, "You can't turn Dark, Harry, you're my twin . You can't let Him win. And forget Mom and Dad, you're Light, Harry, and I don't care what they say." The warmth of his brother's hug stayed with him all throughout morning, even when the sting of his parents' rejection had gone down to his very core. He couldn't...letting the Dark Lord know would ruin everything. And there was no guarantee that he was even the Dark Lord's soul mate; there had been instances of one sided loves, and with the way Harry's luck was going in the world... "I wasn't following you," ended Harry, and immediately turned red at the sight of Tom Riddle's delicately raised eyebrow. "You weren't," said the Dark Lord flatly, and although Harry squirmed under his heavy gaze, Tom Riddle's lips were suddenly upturned. "I am curious, though, why do your parents think you'll turn Dark?" Harry frantically strengthened his barriers, thanking to the Heavens that any mentions of soul marks and soul mates were unseeable by Legilimency. How could he forget that he wasn't dealing with a regular Hogwarts Professor and dealing with a very intelligent and intrigued Dark Lord. "That's - you're not allowed to use Legilimency on a minor!" "And who do you think they'll believe?" asked Tom Riddle, and this time his lips were definitely in a smile, even though it looked more predatory than happy. "The esteemed Professor of Hogwarts or the young Potter who couldn't even muster up enough magic to be considered as heir?" In that moment, Harry hated his soul mate. "You're a right prat," he snarled. "Tsk, tsk," mocked the Dark Lord, a slight feral grin on his face, "Young children like you shouldn't be using such language." He was suddenly grateful that he hadn't lifted his shirt, that Tom Riddle had no idea that his name was currently etched onto his skin. He clenched his hand into a tight fist, wanting to use magic to lash out at the arrogant Lord, but knowing that it would be useless against his soul mate. "Answer the question, little Potter. I am growing impatient." He knew he shouldn't; he didn't want the Dark Lord to know how truly proficient he was in magic or else he would know that Harry shared his magic. He wanted to stay hidden, but at the same time, he really didn't know how to answer and he wouldn't put it past the Dark Lord to kidnap him. After all, he wasn't even sure if his family would care enough to search for him even if he did go missing. And he could always blame it on accidental magic later. When he opened his eyes again, he was back in the Quidditch shop. Luckily, no one had noticed him, not even the shopkeeper who was busy interacting with a large family. Harry breathed a sigh of relief, hoping that the Dark Lord would forget about the encounter within a couple of days. It didn't take him long to find his family again, and he was grateful that James had finally gotten his broom. James gave him a funny look, probably having noticed his disappearance, and then locked arms with Harry, silently forbidding any more running off. Harry didn't mind, he certainly wasn't planning to confront the Dark Lord one on one anymore. After all, he wasn't sure he would live to see the end of the day if he was stuck in such a bad situation anymore. But...it was worth it, because his intended was utterly beautiful. He would never forget those red eyes as long as he lived. Back in Flourish and Blotts, one Tom Riddle stood with his lips turned upward into a lazy smirk. "Harry Potter, hm?" he murmured, and lost in thought, departed to finish preparing for the now more interesting school year. A/N: sorry it's so short! I just want to see if people like it/test out the fandom since this is my first time writing for Harry Potter/Harry x Voldemort (even though I have been reading these type of fanfiction for like 5 years already haha). Pretty please review, fav, and alert, because each new notification/email really do wonders for my inspiration. Next chapter will be posted on Friday, maybe, depending on if my classes allow/the fandom isn't mean XDD.