had been successful. "I hope you're not messing up my shelves," a crisp voice said. Spinning around, Hermione saw that Madame Pince had snuck into the aisle, a pile of books in her hands. Hermione shook her head in reply, feeling small as the bird-like woman peered down at her through her spectacles. "Good," Madame Pince said, placing the books onto the shelves. Hermione froze. There, in the librarian's spindly hands, was the key to her happiness. She watched the woman ever-so-slowly place the Transfiguration book into its spot on the shelf. It was agony waiting for Madame Pince to walk away. Even when she did leave and Hermione reached for it, she was sure that the woman was still watching her. She had to take a few deep breaths to calm her nerves. What if the letters were gone? What if Madame Pince had discovered them and thrown them away? Hermione couldn't bear it if she had. With a final, deep breath, Hermione cracked open the book, flipping through the pages until she reached the chapter she had hidden them in. There, making her heart soar, were the letters. Hermione snatched up one and started reading: The day was perfect. I had everything planned, from the picnic to showing her how far I've come with the store plans. The gut-wrenching truth though is, I don't think I'll ever be going out with her, at least not in this lifetime. Today, I found out that my little brother likes her—really likes her. I know she wouldn't approve if I went after her now. Blimey, she must really be in my head, 'cause even I don't approve of it. It feels wrong to still want her, to stand in the way of my brother's chances… even if he is a right little git sometimes. It's probably for the best, though. I've not long realised this place isn't for me anymore, anyway. Hogwarts isn't the place it used to be, and with our business having the chance to take off, it's time I left. I suppose this is adeui. Aduie? Whatever, you know what I mean. P.S. If any nosy gits are reading this right now, stay out! P.S.S. Don't forget to get my autograph; I'll probably be famous by the time you do read this. So he didn't get the one he wanted after all. Neither of them had in the end, had they? Running her fingers over the letters one last time, Hermione put them back into the book and replaced it on the shelf. She felt empty as she left the library, the corridors colder than usual like something was missing. Her mood didn't improve like she thought it would when Harry jogged up to her, presents in his hands. "Hullo, Hermione. Good holidays?" he asked. "Oh yes, it was great. And yours?" Harry smiled and held out two parcels. "It was alright. A lot to tell you, though." When Hermione looked at the presents, he added, "Those are from Fred and George. Turns out their organisation skills are limited to buying presents, not sending them on time." Rolling her eyes, Hermione tore open the first gift. Pulling it out of the wrapping, she held out a Boxing Telescope and grimaced. "Very funny, George," she muttered. Harry took it from her as she unwrapped Fred's gift, wary of what he might have given her. She needn't have worried, however. Inside the red paper was a leather journal and a beautiful quill. "Pffft, a typical Hermione present," Harry said. Hermione's eyes were now fixated on the tag, however. It wasn't what was written—a simple, scrawled, 'Merry Christmas, Hermione, love Fred'—but the colour ink that had been used to write it that had caught her attention. Her heart thudded against her chest. It couldn't be… could it? "It's perfect," she finally said, clutching the journal and quill to her chest. Additional, boring A/N: I am Beater One of Falmouth Falcons. For this round, we had to write about the OTP of the player writing before us, chain-style. Since Player 2's OTP is Fremione, I tried my best—to me, they're easier to ship than write. It was also either them or Tomione, or Tomarry, or tomato (and I'm sure you don't want to read about Drapple reworked). Please keep in mind that the OTP was set at the point in which their relationship starting (hence why there was mention of Ron). I paid special attention to not using too many 'ing' words this fic, so hopefully that went well. I also debated with myself over commas and 'ran' vs 'run', so hopefully grammarly and good old Google hasn't lead me astray (even as I type at 3.30am, trying not to drag the chain). The epigraph is a little awry, I know, but no other quotes seemed to quite fit the story and I wanted to have something to suit it. I also hope my use of a section written in epistolary worked out well. The letters themselves intentionally have some grammar mistakes from how I imagine Fred would write... not too many, though, just one here and there. The 'D ar re ' is also intentional to show the faded top of the parchement... convenient, right? XD Ummm what else? Well, if you weren't sure by now, this is set in sixth year (and as Fred would say, 'duh'). Just for anyone who might have forgotten, Hermione sent canaries after Ron in anger when he kissed Lavender, and got a black eye from one of the twins' inventions, the Boxing Telescope, at an earlier visit to Diagon Alley... hopefully the story links well enough. Oh, and Lockhart is the only other person who would probably (not that I believe in boy/girl colours at all, just his penchant for lilac and all...) use that coloured ink, so, yeah, if he wrote the letters, well, that would be awkward. I hope everyone had a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! Tiggs Xx