"Kreacher told me you didn't show up yet. I brought you clean clothes. He found Gryffindor robes for you." Her voice was a warm candle in the dark forest. "Thank you, Ginny. I'm okay." He remembered his last moment in the forbidden forest. Before the curse hit him, he had imagined Ginny in a white wedding dress. The thought brought his bright mood back. He opened the shower curtain. Ginny was still there with clean clothes in her arms. Her face was flushed with embarrassment seeing Harry in the nude at first, then she looked worried as her concerned eyes flashed down his upper body. "You need to go to Madam Pomfrey." And she handed him a towel. Her alarming tone of voice made him uneasy. Wrapping the towel around his hip, he asked her to grab him his glasses. When his vision came back, he recognized pus gathering in the big scar on the left side of his chest. It seemed that it got worse by moistening the scab. It was not a stinging pain, but a recurring dull pain. He told her, "It's alright, Ginny. I'm hungry. I'll call Kreacher. Do you like sandwiches?" But Ginny disregarded his words, her face flashed with concern and spoke in a fretful voice, "It's not okay, at all, Harry. I told you to stop your heroic attitude. Why didn't you ask Fawkes to cure the big scar?" He was very surprised by her unusual tone. Her voice was trembling, filled with tears. "I thought you were dead when I saw Hagrid carry you in his arms. I thought you might have been killed in the middle of the task. I regretted letting you go with my brother and Hermione alone. I regretted failing in bringing back the sword of Gryffindor from Snape's office. I regretted that I couldn't save Fred. I regretted that I couldn't stop Tonks. I regretted …" "Ginny, stop. Please." Hastily throwing on the clean clothes, he hugged her tight in his arms. "I'm sorry, Ginny. Please don't cry." He was at a loss. He had never seen her cry like that for years. And he remembered the first year Ginny was sobbing after he broke Tom's diary. He cursed himself for making her worry so much. He sought for the way to calm her down in his mind, but he couldn't think of anything. He kept stroking her head leaning on his shoulder. Then she looked up and her swollen eyes stared at his green eyes through glasses. She spoke, "Am I still your girlfriend?" The tone of her voice showed she regained her tough temperament. Harry answered by kissing her. Ginny kissed him back. Her lips tasted salty after crying. His lips caressed hers gently like the kiss would be able to heal her pain. Before their kiss was going to be deepen, they heard a male voice behind them. Harry grabbed his holly wand off the washstand reflexively and took a defensive posture protecting Ginny. When he observed the intruder, it was Malfoy. Harry felt his face flushed remembering Malfoy had been shutting himself at the end of the cubicles. He imagined the old nemesis might have been watching them kiss. He managed to ask, "What are you doing here, Malfoy?" Malfoy looked worn out in his Slytherin robes and his face was paler than normal. He answered in his small voice, "I asked you to put my wand back." Harry uttered, "Oh, your wand." He couldn't remember where he put it. While he searched for the best excuse, Malfoy got irritated, "You must have lost my wand! If you didn't save my life, I would have killed you by now!" He turned around and stormed out of the bathroom. "Did you take his wand by force?" Ginny asked him. "It's a long story. Come on. I'm starved." Seeing at her questioning look about his big scar in the chest, he tried assuring her. "I'll go to Hospital Wing immediately when I feel pain." Ginny consented reluctantly. "Okay, food first. But you have to go to Madam Pomfrey tomorrow morning after enough sleep." She let him promise. When they came out of the bathroom, Ron and Hermione were eating sandwiches with Neville and Luna. Ron looked up and said, "We saw Malfoy storm out of here. What happened? Did you fight him in the bathroom?" "No. He asked me if I had his wand." He sat down on the two-seat chintz sofa with Ginny on the opposite of carved chairs, where the other Gryffindors and Luna were sitting. He took a piece of sandwich and started eating. Then he was slightly disappointed at the filling of his sandwich. It had only cucumbers. When he tried taking another, Ron told him, "I checked. No ham." "Oh." His stomach growled as if it got angry being short of meat. Ginny finished her sandwiches and told Ron. "Watch Harry until he falls asleep. Me and Hermione will take a shower." When they left for the bathroom, Ron asked Harry, "Did you get back together?" Harry finished the second sandwich and his hand reached for the third. He answered, "Ah, sort of…" "What do you mean? Didn't she forgive you?" "I'm not sure." Luna poured pumpkin juice into a goblet and passed it to Harry. She asked him in her dreamy voice, "Are you humming, Harry? I've heard a beautiful tune from your pocket since you came back from the bathroom." "No." Harry thought Luna was indulging in her flights of fancy, but he was surprised by Neville's next words. "Harry, I can hear the song from there, too." Perplexed, Harry started examining his pockets. He wondered if someone left the joke goods from WWW's inside the pockets of robes. He ended the search by pulling out his holly wand. When he was going to open his mouth, he heard a song. The pleasant tune was coming from his wand. A / N : Great beta reading by Grace.