just be nice if she could stay away from trouble for once." On that awkward note, Hermione tried to change the subject, though she didn't succeed in making it less awkward. "So, if you don't mind me asking, Cedric, is Cho alright?" He sighed heavily: "I don't know. She's been in here a few times, but she can't seem to look at me without crying." "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have pried—" "No, it's fine. It's not like she's being private about it. Cho wears her emotions on her sleeve, you know? We'll just have to wait and see." "Oh…um…do you…know how much longer you'll be here?" Still not helping the awkwardness. Come on, Hermione, you can do better than this! "The Healers say another week or two. I'll be getting a prosthetic arm and leg soon, but I'll need therapy to use them." "Oh, that's good. I imagine magical prosthetics are really good." "Not always. Remember Moody? Real or fake, he still walked with a limp." "Oh…" "Don't get me wrong; it'll be good to have two arms again, even if they're both rubbish with a quill, but you can't cast spells with a prosthetic. That has to be your real arm. I'll have to relearn everything left-handed for school." Suddenly, Hermione brightened. "Actually, I think I can help you with that, Cedric?" "You can?" he said in surprise. "Yes. I've been teaching myself left-handed casting for the past year, ever since that dementor froze my wand hand. I didn't want to be left without it again. I can come by over the next few weeks and help you with the wand movements." "Really? You'd do that for me?" "Of course I would. I wouldn't want you to miss out on a Charms N.E.W.T. for something like this." Cedric smiled. "You're a good friend, Hermione," he said. "And so's Harry, for that matter. Do you know he owled me his half of the winnings?" Hermione's eyebrows rose: "No. I know he was talking about it, but I didn't know he'd done it." "He did. He wrote a letter saying I deserved it because I was actually supposed to be in the Tournament, and I needed it more than he did. I didn't want it, of course. He did better than I did hands down. But his owl flew away before I could try to put it back." Hermione giggled. "That does sound like Hedwig, alright," she said. "So, if you're interested, I could come back next weekend to see how you're doing, and we can start on the spellcrafting." "I'd like that, Hermione. Thank you." "It's no trouble. What are friends for?" Hermione got her subscription to the Daily Prophet , but to her dismay, there wasn't anything about Harry or Voldemort. There was a fair bit about Dumbledore. Minister Fudge was openly criticising him for "inciting panic" without mentioning what the Headmaster's claims actually were. Multiple, mostly-anonymous quotes speculated that Dumbledore was either lying or going senile, and an editorial questioned whether he was still fit to hold his governmental positions of Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot and Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards. "It's positively Orwellian," she ranted to Mum and Dad. "They have complete control of the press. They're talking about him like he's a dissident, and worse, like he's always been suspect. Just because he's eccentric—" "We know, dear," Mum cut her off. "We don't have a very high opinion of this Minister Fudge, either, but if he controls the press, there's not much you can do." "I know. I know. But still, people are probably going to be hurt or killed because of this. It's so infuriating! And then, there's what they said about Harry—" "I thought you said they weren't mentioning Harry," Dad said. "They didn't till today. And even then, I almost missed it. Look. Here, page 3." She opened up the newspaper to show them. "Three muggle fishermen in a rowboat managed to find themselves thirty feet up a tree after an encounter with the Loch Ness Kelpie, in a tale worthy of Harry Potter." "Loch Ness Kelpie? " Dad asked. "Long story. Oh, don't you see? They're making Harry out to be a nutter so no one will believe what he says. He hasn't even said anything except that first night." "We're sorry, Hermione. Sometimes the government is just criminally incompetent," Mum tried to soothe her. "I'm sure Professor Dumbledore and his group are doing all they can." "I hope so." Hermione was still in a bad mood that evening when Ron Weasley's hyperactive little owl, Pigwidgeon, showed up with a letter at her window. "Oh, hi, Pig," she said, letting him in. "I hope you have some good news." Hoot! "Hmm. Nothing gets you down, does it?" Hoot! "Well, let's see what the Weasleys are up to, shall we?" Dear Hermione, We 're moved in at you know where now. We wish you and Harry could be here with us, but you'll probably be glad you're not. It's ugly . Take every complaint Ron 's ever made about our house—HEY! Shut up, Ron. Even if it was true, it wouldn't be as bad as this place. It was abandoned, and now it's infested with stuff you probably don't want to know about. The adults are trying to make it more livable. We can 't tell you much more because Dumbledore's worried about owls being intercepted. Of course, they won't tell us a whole lot anyway. That's mostly Mum's doing. We'll find out what we can, though. Also, we thought you should know that Percy left. We probably shouldn't talk much about that either, but the short version is Percy's siding with the Ministry, and he got in a big argument with Dad. It wasn't pretty. We'll tell you more when you get here. Your friends, Fred, George, Ron, and Ginny Well, that was just great. It didn't look like anyone was having a very good summer right now.