Hogwarts students. At least until Hermione changed the subject. "Hagrid, we need to talk to Bane and the other centaurs about Firenze and the memorial service. Can you help us find them?" "I believe we can find 'em, but I don't know if they will be happy to see yeh. C'mon yeh lot, let's grab Fang and go looking for 'em." Hagrid picked up his crossbow, then the five of them and Hagrid's dog Fang started off for the Forbidden Forest. As they penetrated deeper into the forest, the light was steadily driven from the bright spring day by the increasingly dense, leaf-filled trees. Harry experienced conflicting emotions the farther they went into the woods. While it was a place he had feared since his first year at Hogwarts, it seemed rather tame compared to the other terrors he had experienced in the last year. Ginny either felt Harry's fear or was experiencing her own, as Harry noticed she held his hand during their entire walk in the forest. Ron and Hermione also looked somewhat hesitant, but the most unwilling participant seemed to be Fang, whom Hagrid had always proclaimed to be a coward. They followed a path for about half an hour until they came to a small clearing. Hagrid signaled them to halt, then bellowed in his loudest voice. "Bane! Bane!" Hagrid repeated his call every couple of minutes, until finally there was a rustling from the other side of the clearing. Finally, the centaur who Harry recognized as Ronan strolled into view. "Good afternoon to you Hagrid … though I thought we warned you that while we tolerate your presence in this forest, these others are not welcome." "This isn't your forest, Ronan, and yeh'll tolerate whoever …" Harry immediately interrupted. "Ronan, we just wish to talk to Bane and the rest of the centaurs. We'd be happy to do so either here or just outside the forest." Ronan raised his head as if to listen to sounds far off in the distance. "I believe we can have a short talk here, as long as you agree to immediately leave the forest when the conversation is complete." Ronan then quietly stood by and watched the group. Ginny, who had not dealt with the centaurs before, whispered a question to the rest. "Now what happens? Will we be able to leave freely?" Harry reassured her. "As long as we treat the centaurs with the respect they deserve, they should let us leave without any problems." At that moment, they noticed that they were surrounded by a dozen centaurs, each with bow and arrow drawn. One moved to the center of the clearing, whom Harry recognized to be Bane, the leader of the herd. "Why have you brought these young ones into our forest, Hagrid?" Harry stepped forward to face Bane. "I asked Hagrid to bring us here. We felt there were things going on at Hogwarts about which you needed to be consulted." Bane seemed genuinely taken aback. Besides Dumbledore, he could not ever remember a wizard coming to consult with the centaurs. He quietly consulted with two of the other centaurs before returning to face Harry. "What do you wish to speak to us about?" "First of all, I wanted to tell you that Firenze died in the battle yesterday." Bane paused before responding. "That is unfortunate. However, Firenze had been banished from the herd, so that is no longer a concern of ours." "Err … okay." Though Harry had expected this response, the lack of emotion still surprised him. "Anyway, there is going to be a memorial service tonight where all the dead are going to be buried near Dumbledore's tomb. The plan is to bury Firenze along with everyone else. We thought it would be best to check with you to see if that is acceptable." Bane once again seemed surprised. He took a few steps back and whispered with Ronan and Magorian. Then he turned to reply to Harry. "As I said before, it is unfortunate Firenze died while involved with human activities. Since he had been banished from the herd, we lay no claim to his body. You may bury him with the others at Hogwarts. Will that be all?" "There is one more thing. I was wondering if you would like to participate in the service. You know, maybe your own tribute to a brave centaur." "Do you believe the humans would allow such a thing?" "I do not know for sure, but I would think so. If you wished, I would insist on letting you participate, and I seem to have some influence at the moment." Ron sniggered in the background. "Perhaps more than a bit, mate." Bane and the other centaurs consulted for a moment, then Bane gave their reply. "We wish to thank you for your thoughtfulness, Harry Potter. We shall give this the consideration it deserves. Perhaps we shall see you again tonight." With that the centaurs all turned and melted away into the forest. Hagrid turned and gave Harry a heavy slap on the back. "All righ' Harry! I don't think I have ever seen Bane so flustered. Always keep them off balance. Might be the first time a human asked fer his permission fer anything before." "Maybe it's about time someone did," added Hermione. "Perhaps." The five of them walked back out of the forest towards Hagrid's cabin. Hagrid went into his home, while the others continued on to the castle. They decided it was time to get back to the Great Hall and find the rest of the Weasley family. Harry was feeling good about their trip to see the centaurs, about being with his friends, and about soon being back with the Weasley family. But then suddenly his stomach started to churn, his appetite disappeared, and his mood turned gloomy. He just remembered that he was going to have to stand up and speak in front of everyone tonight. OoOoO Review and follow please.