tea before continuing. "I am Time, much like Death who gifted the Deathly Hallows, I too have given humanity a gift in the form of that pesky little pocket watch you now find in your possession. You see, when he was a little boy, Merlin already had so much magical power. Back then there was no one to train him and accidents continued to happen as he learned to control his magic. So, when his father taught him to watch the stars and sun to track the passage of time, Merlin was fascinated. As he grew older he became desperate to find an equal, a better even, and so he connected with an energy he did not quite understand. This energy was time itself. Like Death I appeared to Merlin and found him to be an excellent student and an even better friend. When it was nearing his time to pass, Merlin asked if he could use my power to live on in spirit and so this watch was created to store his memories and soul in a way that would not prevent him from moving on into the afterlife once Death claimed him. As Time I do not truly serve anyone or anything but Merlin was as close to a master as I will ever have. As much as I taught him, he taught me. He created a way for me to remain physically in contact with mankind and for that I consider myself, at least in this place and body, to be his son, his creation. One day I would find the person to take over the knowledge and power contained within this watch and I have waited centuries to find that person." The man paused to sip his tea once more, a small smile tugging at his lips at the absolute wonder expressed on Hermione's face. "The body you see before you is merely a portion of my spirit. I allowed Merlin to create the first time turner with a fragment of my very being and so a part of me, a part of Time itself, remains within this object. I am more a mix of Time and Merlin than I am a true representation of the spirit and being that is Time. However, I can serve as a window to Time if needed. For now, I am an independent sentient being derived from the fragment of Time and the soul of Merlin built to serve those who are worthy. Admittedly I've been awfully lonely waiting here so you can imagine my excitement to finally be sitting across from you." "Me? Why in the world would Merlin and Time itself be interested in me?" "Ah Miss Granger you have no idea of the power within you. But you will learn and you will become a true embodiment of magic as it was in the days of Merlin." The man leaned forward and smiled as he summoned a book from deep within the collection. "Start here Miss Granger and read as much as you would like. This entire library is yours from now until your death. Here, we are in a limbo of sorts, time is at a standstill and when you choose to return you may let me know. You will not feel hunger, thirst, fatigue, loneliness, or anything else that would prevent you from gathering all the knowledge you wish while you are here." The man disappeared without a sound and Hermione was left alone to try to wrap her mind around the past couple of minutes. After awhile, she realized that everything was indeed real and not part of some elaborate curse or dream and decided to read the provided book. The tome was interesting and Hermione soon found herself reading one after another. It would be many years later that Hermione finally took a break from reading to notice that she had read thousands upon thousands of books. She called upon the man who said she could call him Chronos if she wished. "Chronos how long have I been gone?" Hermione asked. "If time had passed it would have been 3 years, 64 days, 27 minutes, and 12 seconds." Chronos responded. At that, Hermione dropped the book she was holding in shock. "I must go back. I have so much to share, so much that I have learned." Chronos nodded. "When you wish to return, simply hold the pocket watch and will yourself back here." With a smile, Chronos took Hermione's hand and gave it a squeeze. She felt a sharp tug at her navel far worse than apparation and found herself lying face first on a cold tile floor. As she came to, she heard the worried voices of her friends above her and sat up rubbing her head. "Bloody hell 'Mione you scared us!" Ron yelled as his friend woke up. "Guys you simply won't believe what just happened to me," Hermione said excitedly as she rose to her feet. The first thing she noticed was that they were in fact not in the Department of Mysteries but rather in what looked suspiciously like Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. As she regained more focus she looked at herself in the mirror and screamed. Instead of the war hero, ministry head, and happily married woman she expected to see, it was a very young version of herself flanked by similarly young versions of her two best friends that she saw. "I did not just bloody travel back in time" she muttered as she ran a hand through her hair. Slipping a hand in the pocket of her robes, Hermione felt a familiar metal trinket and sighed. Deep within her mind she could practically hear Chronos laughing and she mentally cursed him. Now an adult woman with the knowledge of a future yet to come and magic beyond that of a fourth year student, Hermione Granger looked at herself in the mirror and vowed to use this opportunity to stop the war from ever taking place.