small part of her had hoped that going to London would only prove that Lavender hadn't really gone through with it, and that they were all wrong. She would give anything to be wrong right now. "I'm—I'm sorry!" Lavender cried, and Padma looked up. Tears were now falling down the girl's face, but the bag in her hand prevented her from wiping them. "I didn't have a choice." "Didn't have a choice? Are you kidding me? Of course you did!" Daphne yelled, stomping her foot. Demelza and Romilda both nodded, crossing their arms over their chests. "We all made a pact," Romilda said, her cheeks red. "And you broke it." Lavender sniffed. She tried to lift her shoulder to wipe her tears without much success, the parcel she was holding apparently more precious. Padma narrowed her eyes at the bag. It didn't look like much, just an ordinary shopping back with a fancy sky-blue ribbon. Was what was inside really worth their friendship? "Please, you have to trust me. I can explain—" "Trust you? Ha! We trusted you not to do anything, but yet here you are. How could we ever trust you again?" Parvati spat. The blonde sniffed again. She looked to Padma for help, her blue eyes pleading, but she could only shake her head. The girl had ruined their friendship and made her sister cry, why should she help her? "Please, just let me show you…" "We never want to look at it or you again," Demelza said, her own tears left unchecked. The brunette turned around, and soon Daphne followed her lead. "Wait!" Lavender cried and held open the bag. Sticking a hand into it, she pulled the contents out. Padma couldn't help but stare in wonder at it. It really was beautiful—more so than she had imagined. The gold silk shone despite the lack of sunlight, displaying just how much work had been put into making it. Apparently, Parvati couldn't resist looking either. "Is it real?" she said, mesmerised. Lavender hurriedly nodded. "Genuine. It was the last one." Parvati nodded, reaching forward to touch it. Padma watched Lavender gave her a small smile, holding it out so she could. The other two girls turned back, their eyes almost popping out of their heads. "It's so soft," Parvati whispered. Padma felt herself longing to touch it, to feel what it was like against her skin. She snapped out of her trance, however, and crossed her arms. "So what. I'm really glad for you that you managed to get the last designer dress robes, Lavender, really glad. I just hope it was worth it." Lavender spun her head to her, eyes wide. "No, wait, please, I did this for all of us," she said. She rolled her eyes and lifted an eyebrow. "Oh yeah? Pray tell, how does you having expensive dress robes help us?" The other girls nodded. Lavender grinned, holding the dress robes up. "Well, luckily we are all the same size, aren't we? I bought them so we could all take turns wearing them, and thus none of us had to miss out. I didn't want some other witch getting their grimy paws on them, so when I heard they were discounted further, I just knew I had to get the code for them." Padma tilted her head, not quite understanding. Lavender bought a set of robes for all of them to share? They weren't something she was going to hide and keep for herself? "I know we all promised none of us could buy them, but that's because we thought only one of us—if any—would get a code to enter the shop. It just clicked that sharing was the only way any of us had a chance, I mean, we'll probably have to do a roster of who does get to wear them and when, but it's better than nothing, right?" For once, her sister was quicker on the uptake. Parvati squealed and leapt forward, trying to hug Lavender. The blonde held up the dress though, and Parvati stepped back so she wouldn't crush it. Padma was still busy trying to wrap around Lavender being so selfless, a warm feeling spreading across her chest. Lavender had done that for them... for her? Daphne, Demelza and Romilda all clapped, hugging each other and grinning at Lavender. Demelza was still crying, but Padma knew from her own tears that seemed to spring to her eyes that it was from happiness. "I can't believe this," Daphne said, reaching out and touching the robes. "It's softer than anything Mother buys me, and she always gets the best." "I knew you were only looking out for us all along," Romilda said. Padma resisted the urge to roll her eyes again. She grinned when Lavender looked at her, as though questioning if everything was alright between them. It was more than alright, she knew. A/N: This story was written for Cheeky Slytherin Lass' Camp Potter challenge on the HPFC forum. Week 3: Archery: Write about someone planning something. Word count: 3237 words excluding A/N Cabin: Malfoy Cabin I hope you liked my take on this prompt, and that no one takes the characterisation of the girls too seriously. I understand that every character has more depth to them, but these girls just seemed so perfect for the twist at the end :) I also know 500 Galleons may seem a little ridiculous for a dress for young girls to some, but in the context of this story they are happy to pay because it's some designer dress on sale. Converting Galleons to Muggle money gave me too much of a headache anyway (from memory, Galleons are worth way more than dollars or pounds, etc.) so hopefully it isn't too much of a stretch. I hope to fix any errors ASAP (especially since I'm finishing the last of this on a very temperamental iPad rather than what I normally use) and any comments are welcome. Thank you for reading! Xx