to visit his secret chamber and he didn't really want to. He felt bad that he was leaving a little basilisk there, but with him gone, she would likely slip into hibernation. He knew of no other parselmouths except his brother, so he did not think that she would ever reawaken. Maybe one day if he did manage to come back he would go to her… if not, she would spend the rest of her days asleep. Going to his desk, he wrote out a quick letter before setting several spells on it. Setting it on his desk, he then bent the wards and apparated away. When he reappeared, he was standing in the middle of a large field. "Cayden!" He called out, knowing that his brother could hear him. His little brother, the one that he had taken in those two years ago, had betrayed him. He had taught him just like he had taught all of his other students. But Cayden had been closest to him, the one he had taught parselmagic because he had gained his parsel abilities. And in return… as soon as he had graduated a few months ago, he had gone out and started to kill mundane people, using the skills that Salazar had taught him. The Slytherin founder had felt so betrayed… he hadn't taught Cayden and taken him in just so he could become a murderer. "Big brother." The words cut through Salazar's thoughts and the twenty five year old man turned to face the younger Slytherin. "Have you finally come to join me? You know as well as I do just how filthy mundanes are… they do not understand. They are afraid of us… but we, we are so much better than them. They do not deserve to live!" Salazar suspected that it was the teen's treatment as a young child that had fostered this belief. He should have recognized it before now… yes, he didn't like mundanes. But they were human, too. They didn't deserve to die just because they didn't understand magic. "Give this up, Cayden." He said in a placating tone of voice, drawing his wand carefully. The other founders blamed him for Cayden, he knew they did. Truthfully, he blamed himself as well. He should have noticed, should have done more. He should have stopped Cayden before he could start this war. He was hurt that they would banish him for it, because he knew they blamed him for other reasons. He blamed himself for not doing enough… he knew the others blamed him for teaching Cayden the Dark Arts. He half wondered if maybe they thought he had sent the boy out to kill on his orders. Shaking the thoughts off, Salazar raised his hand. "I did not come to join you, Cayden. I came here to stop you. And if that means killing you, then so be it." He could not go back to Hogwarts. The very least he could do was get rid of the threat to the peace. Maybe he would even die in the process. At that moment, he found he didn't really care. Whispering a spell, he initiated the duel. Salazar had been the teacher. Salazar had been the one with more knowledge at his disposal and had more years of learning. He had been hailed as one of the geniuses of the age. Cayden was powerful, but he was no match for Salazar. Cayden had never had a real duel before except for the mock ones during school, which were tightly controlled. He went down quickly and Salazar was left staring down in anguish at the body of his brother. But he was unprepared the spell that suddenly slammed into him mere moments after Cayden fell. The spell, mangled by the teen's dying lips, twisted and combined with the residual magic that lingered in the field. His back arching in pain, Salazar started to fall to the ground. There was a bright flash of light and when it disappeared, Salazar Slytherin was nowhere to be found. ((End Chapter One)) Holy crap… long chapter! Isn't it awesome? Anyways, I couldn't get this idea out of my head, so I hope you all enjoy it! Anyways, I know it was very fragmented. I wanted to highlight more important parts. You will get more flashbacks in later chapters, I promise. Gaelic translations: "Ní ba mhaith liom é sin a dhéanamh dá mba mé tú." (I would not do that if I were you.) "Bhí tú ag chodladh le tamall maith. Níor chóir duit a bheith ag dul suas." (You have been asleep for quite some time. You should not be getting up.) "Cad a tharla duit? Fuair mé tú i réimse, an talamh go léir a luaith thart timpeall ort." (What happened to you? I found you in a field, the ground all ash around you.) "Cad é? Ní dóigh liom go dtuigeann tú." (What? I do not understand you.) "Ní féidir leat labhairt mo theanga? An bhfuil tú nach ó thart anseo, ansin?" (You cannot speak my tongue? Are you not from around here, then?) "Ah, nach raibh an rud cliste a iarraidh. Ar ndóigh, ní labhraíonn tú mo theanga. Níl sé deacair a chailleann." (Ah, that was not a smart thing to ask. Of course you do not speak my tongue. It is not hard to miss.) "An féidir leat insint dom d'ainm?" (Can you tell me your name?) "Ar ndóigh, nach bhfuil. Cad Tá mé ag smaoineamh?" (Of course not. What am I thinking?) "Godric Gryffindor. Is é mo ainm Godric Gryffindor." (Godric Gryffindor. My name is Godric Gryffindor.) "Cé go bhfuil tú?" (Who are you?) "Tá a fhios agat, an ní a fhios agam an staid teanga céanna go bhfuil muid in áit bhfaigheann ... d'aois." (You know, this not knowing the same tongue situation that we have gets rather... old.)" "Cad é?" (What?) "Ba mhaith leat dom a mhúineadh agat!" (You want me to teach you!) "Dhíbirt!" (Expel)