to tug it back into place. Belenus strode over to her and sat on the side of the bed. He carefully pushed against Rosalie's shoulders so she would lay down. " You most certainly are not fine," he said, snapping his fingers for the attention of one of the elves. An elderly house-elf came scurrying over, a wet cloth in its wrinkly hands. Belenus snatched it up and waved the elf away. Wringing out any excess water, he placed it against Rosalie's forehead. " You need plenty of rest, Rose," he said, ignoring her feeble attempts to push his hands away. Rosalie sighed. "You always worry too much, Belenus." Belenus rolled his eyes and dabbed the cloth over her forehead. He never worried about anything, ever. Rosalie smiled, as though she remembered something he didn't. The smile didn't last, however, for soon she closed her eyes, lips pursed, and gasped. Belenus' heart jumped, and his hand flew to hers, clutching it tightly. He squeezed it as she took one deep breath after another, face screwed up, trying to push away the pain. He didn't stop squeezing her hand, even when her face relaxed and she opened her eyes again. Belenus snapped his fingers again. "Elf! Hurry up, bring the medicine." With a grunt, Rosalie placed her hand on his arm. "No. You know what I'd like," she said, nodding to the window to the right of the bed. Belenus followed her gaze and immediately shook his head. Rosalie had been bugging him for the last few weeks to let her outside in the fresh air and sunlight. He had refused to allow such nonsense, however, as he knew how many germs were outside and what could happen to her already poor immune system. " Belenus… please." Rosalie gripped his arm tighter. "Just ten minutes." Looking at the window hidden by curtains, he sighed. "Alright." o.O.o It was warm outside, with a faint breeze taking away any heat from the sun as it beat overhead. Belenus watched Rosalie, surprised at how happy she was. A smile was on her lips as she soaked in the sun's rays, almost making him forget that she was sick. " This is wonderful," she said, stretching out her hands as if to catch the sun. Belenus barely grunted, his heart beating frantically. Every second they sat there, barely a metre from the manor doors, held even more possibility that germs could infect his wife. Rosalie sighed and closed her eyes. Light played over her face in dappled patterns, giving her skin a healthy glow and masking the unhealthy yellow pallor. " Belenus?" she said after a moment. " Yes?" " Relax. I've told you, everything will be fine." Circling her thin arms around his own, she snuggled closer to him. Belenus watched her as she rested her head against his shoulder, and before long, her chest rose up and down in the even rhythm of sleep. For the first time since he had found out that his wife was sick, Belenus found a small smile creeping onto his own lips. He turned and watched the sun, clutching his wife tightly by his side. 1998 Belenus smiled to himself, looking around the room at nothing but blackness. See? There was nothing to worry about. The darkness was his friend. Somewhere in the room, he could hear the antique grandfather clock's golden hands ticking away. Tick. Tick. Tick. The powder was lasting a long time. Not that it mattered. Sighing, he stretched his hand out in front of him, hoping to find a bottle of Firewhiskey not yet emptied. He cursed when his fingers banged against something large and solid, however, and gave up. Tick. Tick. Tick. Well, no big deal, he could just spend the time relaxing. Belenus closed his eyes, settling further into the lounge. His mind ran over all the things he would have to do in the morning: find something clean to wear, report to the Dark Lord and— His eyes flew open, images of green and red flashes and the screams of his comrades invading his mind. The room was still dark—darker than he remembered. Rubbing his eyes, he looked in the direction of where he thought the door was, wondering when the powder would wear off and the light would enter his life again. Tick. Tick. Tick. A few minutes passed, but as the fog began to dissipate, he couldn't help one thought from circling his mind: he would probably never see the light again. A/N: This fic was written for the Quidditch League competition, Finals R2. This round, we had to advertise (read: feature heavily) a product from Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. My assigned prompt was Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder. I took advertisement a little differently in that the product works, just not as Belenus thought it would, as well as the fact that it doesn't necessarily just need to be used to physically hide one from enemies. Optional prompts: (word) lace (word) hypothetical Word count: 2995 (Gdocs and wordcounterdotnet) Like in another fic written about the Notts (I mean, c'mon, can you blame me for liking them?), the name Belenus, meaning a Celtic sun-god, was specifically chosen for Nott Snr rather than the Theodore I used to use. Apparently, people who have read this so far have gotten different messages from the story, which I suppose is both good and bad. I intended to show that Belenus was only acting funny around the dark because deep down he knew Rosalie wouldn't be there to save him from it again (as we know from canon that she (Theo's mother) died before Theo's fifth year), being his light in any hard situation he's ever faced before. However, I'd be very interested to know what you got out of this, if anything (hopefully it makes some sense after working 60 hours this week alone :p) A huge thank you to Sunne, Mal and Arty for beta'ing, as well as good old Grammarly :)