up some of the mascara that stained her eyes. When she was finished, she tapped him on the shoulder and held the handkerchief out to him. "You keep it." "Oh, alright." She tucked the handkerchief into her pocket and resumed her inspection of the room. "So, what is this place?" Theodore didn't know whether he should sit back down, or stay by her side. His hands felt a bit sweaty, almost making him wish he had taken the handkerchief back. Instead, he stuffed his hands into his pockets and copied Tracey. "I call it my Neverland," he said, his gaze focused on one of the trinkets on the desk he had wished for. It was the handpainted box with his name on it, something he had made sure to keep in the room. "Neverland?" Tracey said and Theodore looked back to her as she walked over to one of the bookshelves. She traced her finger over the spines of the various tomes, a smile lighting up her face. "Oh, I had this book," she said, pointing to a copy of The Tales of Beedle the Bard . Theodore found his own lips twitching upwards. "Yes, Neverland. It was from a book my mother once read to me when I was younger." "Oh." Tracey took out the fairytale book. "What was it called?" " Peter Pan. " He continued watching Tracey, waiting to see if she would recognise it. The entire house had discovered one day in their second year—much to Tracey's horror—that she was only a Halfblood. It was the only other time Theodore had ever seen Tracey so upset, yet he couldn't help but wonder if she had squashed that side of her when at home. He had always suspected that, like his mother, not every Slytherin witch detested Muggle culture, and Tracey's next words confirmed as much. "But isn't that… Isn't that a Muggle tale?" she asked. Her eyes were alight with confusion, but although her smile had disappeared, she did not look disgusted. Theodore walked over to her. "It's like that book you're holding, filled with the Muggles' version of magic. Neverland is a place in the book where children go so they don't have to grow up," he said. Tracey nodded, staring at the cover of the fairytale book. Her cheeks were tinged red, and Theodore had to lean in so as not to miss her next words. "Just like us." His smile widened. "This place is like my Neverland. Here, I can spend hours just doing what I want to do, without anyone interrupting me or reminding me about what the future holds." Tracey's face fell and she pushed the book back into the slot she got it. He took a step back and frowned as she walked over and picked up the bag she dropped when she had entered the room. "I'm sorry," she said, heading towards the door. "For what?" "I didn't mean to—to, well, what I said earlier. This is your place, and I didn't mean to mention the war. I—I've got to go," she said. Without a second thought, he grabbed her wrist. He felt Tracey stiffen in his grasp and quickly let go, his own cheeks feeling warm. The girl spun around to face him, her brown eyes wide. "Sorry, I didn't mean to grab you," Theodore said, dropping his hands by his side. Tracey didn't say anything, but she didn't run either. He took the opportunity to explain himself, worried she thought he might have lost the plot. "Look, I know you're worried about the war," he said, locking his eyes onto hers. "I won't lie, I am too. I spend too much time worrying about what will happen when I get older— if I get older. But that's why I have this place to escape it sometimes." Tracey nodded. "It's a good escape." "You can use it whenever you want," he said, and this time, no voice was in his head telling him to keep the place to himself. If there was, it surely would have been squashed by the way Tracey smiled at him. "Alright," she said, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "Thanks." Silence reigned for a moment. Tracey was the first to look away, walking back over to the bookshelf. She took out different books, inspecting the titles, before placing them back. Theodore stood where he was, not sure if he should stand with her or go back to his seat. "So, who else knows about this place?" she asked. She was holding a book, and when Theodore looked closer, he saw that it was a copy of Peter Pan . She sat down on the lounge, opening the cover, staring expectantly at him. If he didn't know better, he would have thought she was holding her breath. Walking over to the lounge, he sat down next to her. "Just you and me," he said, his cheeks growing warmer. When she smiled at him and looked down at the book, he added, "I followed someone here, but I don't think even they know about this version." "Oh." Then, her smile widening, she said, "Well, how about you tell me more about this Neverland?" Unable to stop his own smile spreading, Theodore took the book Tracey offered him and started reading. The room felt more comfortable than it had before, and although he knew matters in the Wizarding World would only get worse, any remaining thoughts of Draco and his father that had plagued his mind slipped away. It wasn't Potter's hideout, nor Draco's. This was his Neverland—their Neverland. A/N: This fic was written for Emma (public static void) who, along with her Durmstrang team, won The Golden Snitch forum's Easter Scavenger Hunt. Well done, and I hope you like this fic featuring a Slytherin pairing and the prompt 'Neverland' :) A humongous thank you to Emily (DolbyDigital) for taking the time to beta this for me and make it readable haha. Thank you!