so perhaps we could focus on other matters, non." Krum looked across at her, "Vat did you haff in mind?" "Well, we are bonded." Fleur let her voice lower slightly, and trailed one hand through her hair and down over her chest. "Perhaps we should get to know each other better, hmm?" She got up and walked over to where Krum and Diggory were sitting next to each other, swaying her hips as she did so. She relished in how both boys' eyes trailed over her body, and Diggory's soft, barely audible groan. She sat next to Krum and placed a hand on his defined jaw and pulled him into a kiss. He hadn't shaved that morning, so his stubble scratched at her lips, and his skilled kiss was far better than she thought it would be. His arm wound around her waist, his large hand gripping her hip tightly and twisting her body toward his. Fleur ran her tongue over his lower lip then detached their mouths. She leant over Krum - Viktor's - lap, and pressed her mouth to Cedric's. He was far bolder than Viktor, opening his mouth immediately and twining their tongues together. He was the one to pull away this time, and turned to slam his mouth against Viktor's. Their kiss was far harsher than what either of them had given her. They bit at each other's lips and Viktor's hand came up from Cedric's waist to grip his hair and pull his head back. They likely would have kept going if they had not heard a whine from across the room. Potter was still curled up in his chair, but he was staring at them intently, his pupils were blown wide and his bottom lip was pulled between his teeth. Seeing them all look at him, Harry whined again, and tightened his grip around his knees. The boy was so overwhelmed, likely going through the first sexual experience of his life. Fleur reached out her hand, and beckoned Harry over. "Come here, 'Arry." He uncurled from the chair, and stumbled over to stand in front of them, awkwardly holding his hand over his groin in an attempt to hide the small bulge there. Fleur grabbed his hand and pulled him even closer, and Viktor reached out to hold onto his hips and draw him up to straddle his lap. Cedric pulled Harry's glasses off, and set them off to the side, and Harry blinked a few times in quick succession, all the while moving his hips jerkily against Viktor's. Viktor gripped Harry's hips tightly, halting his movement, and Cedric put his hand under Harry's chin and turned his head to face him. "You haven't dated anyone, have you?" Harry shook his head, but stayed silent, clearly embarrassed, and Cedric moved his hand so he was holding Harry in place at the base of his neck. "Have you thought about girls, though? Or boys?" Harry nodded. "And you think we're all attractive, don't you?" Harry sucked his lip into his mouth and worried it with his teeth. God the boy was so innocent. So corruptible. Fleur was very much looking forward to actually bedding him, and teaching him to please her exactly as she liked. "It looked like you enjoyed it when you came over here." Cedric implored, coaxing Harry to give a tiny nod. "Then let us make you feel better." And before even waiting for a reply, Cedric leaned forward and captured Harry's bitten-red lips. And the boy responded so beautifully, gasping softly before gripping Viktor's shirt with one hand and the other wrapping around Cedric's forearm, his hand too small to wrap fully around it. Fleur felt a familiar low heat run through her abdomen, incredibly turned on by the fact that this boy is the same one who was so terrifying before, and he was all theirs, and turned to press her breasts to Viktor's arm, and pressed a series of kisses up his jaw, but was distracted before she could go further by Viktor's biceps bunching and relaxing, so she looked down to see he had coaxed Harry into moving his hips again, grinding the boys arse into his cock, and pressing the boys own tiny need forward into his stomach. Wanting to make the boys first orgasm into a combined effort, Fleur reached down one hand to rub at the front of Harry's pants. She didn't do much more than press the palm of her hand against the bulge, but didn't need to as, before long, Harry's whines rose in pitch, and he shuddered through his orgasm, moaning into Cedric's mouth. He collapsed against Viktor's chest breathing heavily, but only before a moment before squeaking and trying to rise up to his knees, although Viktor's grip on his hips stopped him from moving anywhere. Instead the boy bit his lip again, looked across at Cedric's groin, and peeking through his eyelashes, switching his gaze between the two boys, gestured vaguely downwards, and asked, "Do you want me to. Um." God. The boy was perfect. Or at least he would be. AN: This is something I wanted to try. I've cross posted on ao3, under the same username, and will probs post some of the more explicit sex scenes over there. Like i said, i'll take prompts for the sex, although not the plot because I have that pretty much worked out. Also: Further Warning: Harry is fourteen in this. Fleur and Cedric are seventeen. Viktor is eighteen. There are various combinations herein that that are statutory rape. Obviously the 'worst' would be Viktor/Harry, but Harry is completely below the age of consent in any situation so... Along with the evident underage sex that occurs, there is also pretty clear dubcon, in that Harry while clearly turned on, never really gives consent, and considering that the others are all at least three years older than him… But, I hope you all liked it, lemme know what you think. xx Whitsie