care of her, especially when it's my fault she's like this." The doctor cleared her throat. "Mrs Weasley, please understand, this is not your fault. Dementia is just one of those things that happen." The doctor didn't know that she was a witch, did she? How could she say for certain it wasn't her spell that caused this? Ron tugged on her hand again. Hermione looked at him through watery eyes and took a deep breath. The doctor's eyes softened. "I understand your concerns. There is always the option of a home carer helping your mother, so she is able to live with the comfort of her own home. I take it Dr Granger is no longer with us?" " My father passed away two years ago," Hermione said. "I'll do it, though." " What about your job?" Ron asked. " It can wait." The doctor surveyed them. "It won't be easy, but if you are up to it, I will gather some information for you." December 2024 It wasn't easy, but Hermione found caring for her mother better than expected. Apart from the nights when Esther would cry out in her sleep, she thought the woman was improving. Walking into her mother's bedroom, Hermione decided she would get the bed ready so Esther could have an early night and so she could get back to researching ways of improving her condition. She took off the pillows and pulled down the blankets. A large, wet stain covered the centre of the sheets. Frowning, Hermione realised that her mother had wet the bed again. Esther appeared in the doorway. "I came to ask… ask…" she said, her face puzzled as she stared at the floor. She then looked up and smiled. "How was school today?" Hermione stared at the woman in front of her. She looked like her mother—she had the same greying hair, the same green eyes—but this woman wasn't her mother. " Oh dear, it looks like Graham has wet the bed again," she said, unaware that Hermione's great uncle was neither a child nor alive anymore. Hermione helped her mother pull off the sheets. When the doorbell rang and the front door could be heard opening and shutting, Esther exclaimed, "That must be your father home early!" Hermione closed her eyes for a moment, taking a deep breath. When she reopened her eyes, she saw Ron standing in the doorway. " How is everything going?" he asked. " You know, I have a daughter your age that would love to date you. Let me fetch her number for you," Esther said, bustling out of the room. " Hermione, I know you don't want to hear this—" " Then don't say it." "—but I think it's time." "Hermione… wait," Ron said, running after her. He grabbed her arm, stopping her from storming out of the room, and tenderly brushed a strand of hair from her face. "Hey, it's ok." Hermione looked up at him through watery eyes. "It most certainly isn't ok! She doesn't even know who I am. I need to fix this, to take care of her myself." Ron pulled her closer. She tried to push him away, her tears leaving sticky tracks down her cheeks. "You're smarter than that," he whispered. "You know it's not your fault. It's just something that happens to old people." Hermione sniffed. "But my father wasn't like this." "Exactly, and you used the same spell on him." Ron tilted her chin up, forcing her to look into his blue eyes. "Unfortunately, it's just the way the world works. The main thing is that she's here now, getting the help she needs." She opened her mouth to protest, but Ron held up a hand. "You did a fantastic job yourself, but look at your mother now. She's happy here; the nurses have said she hasn't had any negative mood swings since she arrived." Hermione looked over at her mother. She was chatting away to the snoring lady. Her eyes were twinkling, a new life seeming to have ignited in them. "I know it's not the life you imagined she'd have, but she's enjoying herself," he said. She knew Ron was right; that he had always been right. Ron pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Besides, now you have time to work on that cure I know you will find." Hermione let Ron wipe away her tears and lead her back into the room. "Hello dear, how was school?" Esther greeted. Ron squeezed Hermione's hand. "It was alright," she said and sat down. Although her mother's memories were slipping away, Hermione's own memories of her mother would always remain. Even if it wasn't her fault, she would not give up trying to help her, and now that she knew for sure that she was safe and happy, everything would be alright. Additional A/N: The content of this was derived from both research (including the change in behaviour and emotions) and my own personal experiences (unfortunately, my nanna suffered from the disease, complete with nightmares and screaming out in the night, and now my father is displaying the early stages). Special thanks to Arty (The Lady Arturia) for also sharing some of her own experiences. Dementia is an awful disease, in that it can completely change a person, and its development is usually slow. I hope no one finds my last story 'boring' and I sincerely apologise if it comes out that way; I sincerely hope I did this justice. One last thing: Ron is an Auror and really does complete dangerous work. The work mentioned in the story is simply for laughs, and because I imagine in that stage of his life (around 40 years old), many of the 'Dark Wizards' would have been captured, or just happened to be quiet. I don't mind Romione as a ship, and I hope you like how I have done them in trying to keep with their canon characterisation (including a rather angry and self-doubting Hermione).