she would pick us back up at 2.". So promptly at 2 I had Lily and Severus at the Leaky. I got all three of us owls so that we could send letters to each other. Severus' owl was pure black and Sev named her Ebony. Lily got a tawny colored one and named him Hermes. I got a beautiful white eagle owl. I named her Bianca. It made me miss Hedwig, but I tried not to dwell on it. " There you are and who is this?", a younger Professor McGonagall asked. " Darian Pendragon.", I said. She introduced herself as well before ushering Lily and Severus home. I turned to go to my room. " Where are you going Darian?", Lucius asked. Damn. I completely forgot the three Slytherins were with me. " To my room. I'm staying here until school starts.", I said. " If I may Mr. Pendragon, we have plenty of room at our manor. You are more than welcome to join us there.", Abraxas interjected smoothly. Lucius' face lit up at this suggestion. I however was sceptical. " I would need to know a few things about how you treat the people in your household. First question. Where would I sleep?", I asked. " In the guest bedroom of course.", Abraxas said. I knew the Malfoys had house-elves but one could never be to sure. " Would I be forced to do all the chores inside or outside the place?", I asked keeping my face neautral. " You are only eleven for Merlin's sake! What would you know about chor...", Abraxas started but trailed off at the look in my eyes. " No.", he said softly. " If I did something freaky, such as accidental magic, would you beat me for it?", I asked calmly. Thomas' eyes went hard at this question. " The only time I have ever raised a hand against a child was to spank their bottom for doing something dangerous or reckless.", Abraxas stated firmly. Lucius was looking at me horrified. " Very well then. I except your offer of hospitality. Just let me get my trunk.", I said. " He's been abused before, hasn't he Father?", Lucius asked quietly. " Yes, my son, I believe he has.", Abraxas sighed. " He was raised by magic hating muggles. I heard what he told Severus. He said that his relatives just dropped him off and if it wasn't for his seer ability, that he would probably be dead.", Thomas said. They went silent as Darian came back down. " I'm ready.", I said. We apparated to Malfoy Manor. We arrived at the way too big manor and I was shown to a very nice guest room done in silver and blue. I was left to get situated while Abraxas, Thomas, and Lucius went to do their own thing. I didn't plan on unpacking so I decided to explore a bit. They found me in the library some hours later. We talked a bit before dinner was ready. Afterwards Tom went home and after reading for a little while I went to bed. The rest of the summer went by quickly. I got to know Lucius and Abraxas fairly well. I still didn't give to much away though. I still couldn't believe I changed so much already. It was now time to get on the train and got to Hogwarts. Lucius went to sit with his friends. I found Lily and Severus. " Hey guys. Mind if I sit with you?", I asked. " Of course not.", Lily said immediately. We talked for a while about how the rest of our summer went as the train took off. The ride to Hogwarts went by quickly and before I knew it we were waiting to be sorted. " Lord Pendragon, Darian.", Professor McGonagall called out. Confidently I walked up to the stool and let the hat be placed on my head. " Oh my. A time traveler I see. And oh my. You already set the would be Dark Lord on a different path. Well you better be...SLYTHERIN!", the hat said the last part out loud. I happily went to the Slytherin side and was shortly joined by Severus. We got through the feast and Dumbledore's speech. Then we were led to the Slytherin common room. Professor Slughorn came in and gave us a speech about a united front. We were then led to our new rooms. Severus and I shared a room. We talked a little before falling asleep in the nice soft beds. The next morning I was up at 5 and got Severus up as well. " Why are we up so early?", he yawned as he followed me outside. I had given him a pair of sweats to change into. " We are going to exercise. The better we take care of our bodies, the stronger we are.", I informed him. We did some stretches first before jogging one lap around the lake. We would add more as we grew, but for now it would do. We went back to our rooms, showered, dressed, and were the first ones down to breakfast. Slowly the rest of the house trickled in. We got our schedule and saw we had Charms with the Hufflepuffs first. Severus and I completed the Lumos charm on the first try and received 15 points for it. We were also the first ones to transfigure our needles in Transfiguration along with Lily, James, Remus, and Sirius. We had lunch and then Potions. Professor Slughorn gushed over my, Severus, and Lily's potion. We had sat together. DADA was the last class of the day and it was with the Ravenclaws. Surprisingly it had a competant teacher. The weeks passed by quickly. James Potter was still a spoilt little prick, but ever since he found out that Severus was an heir he pretty much left him alone. This in turn caused Sirius not to be such an ass.