is an esoteric field of magic that is heavily regulated by the ministry and can only be taught with its approval." Minerva replied. "What about speaking to animals?" William asked while he thought about her last answer and the unintentional answer that she had given him. "Hmmm, there has never been a witch or wizard that could speak with all animals. But there is parseltongue, the ability to speak to snakes, but that became a dark after it was known to be a ability that a few Dark Lords possessed, especially after You-Know-Who" Minerva said while in deep thought. "You-Know-Who" both Nymeria and William asked, though Nymeria's voice had a hint of amusement to it. "A recent Dark Lord named Lord Vol-Voldemort. His evil inspired fear of even his very name, even after his defeat ten years ago" Minerva had replied fighting the subconscious flinch she had made at the name of You-Know-Who. "How was You-Know-Who defeated?" William decided to humor the professor with the use of the nickname. "He attacked a family, The Potters, but was destroyed when his spell backfired when he tried to kill the baby at the time, Harry Potter. The spell he used was known to never fail when it was used on someone, so Harry Potter was named 'The-Boy-Who-Lived'". Minerva replied, checked the time with a flick her wand. "We should be head out now. I'll be showing you how to call the 'Knight Bus'. It is a regular means of commuting for those who dislike or unable to do the other means of wizarding transport." Professor Mcgonagall led them out and down to the gate, where she then held her wand out stretch and up-right in her fist, calling a red triple-decker bus. After a series of near misses and stunts at break neck speeds they arrived at the 'Leaky Cauldron'. The Cauldron was not what they had expected. It was a bar that looked worse for wear with a bartender cleaning glasses in the currently full bar. After a quick introduction to the now named bartender called Tom, and Mcgonagall revealing Diagon alley in all its loud and colorful glory, and leading them towards Gringotts while pointing out the various shops that they can collect his supplies, William decided to act when the stopped in front of the White building of the wizarding bank. "Thank you professor, but I believe we can handle it from here" He said, while deciding to try using his magic to convince her to leave. It was harder than usual, as if there was a barrier that stopped him, but after another subtle pulse, he got through and it took hold. "Very well, but do keep on the alley and not stray to the off shooting streets. Nymeria, it was a pleasure meeting you. Mr. Cunningham, I'll be seeing you in a few months." Minerva said as she turned on the spot and disappeared with a pop. Nymeria looked down at the slightly short of breathe William with concern. "Are you alright, you aren't usually like this unless you manipulate multiple people". "I'm fine. I think she had a natural barrier like what my magic does with my mind. It wasn't very strong, but it was draining to push through it like I usually do…I'll have to be careful in the future if there are trained adults that can do what I do." William said as he started walking up the stairs and passes two goblins that stood guarding the door without a blink of an eye, while Nymeria looked incredulously at the creatures before hurrying to catch up with William who was walking towards an available teller. "Good afternoon…teller" William said with a short pause, not sure how to address the goblin sitting on a high rise chair over the counter. "I wish to exchange some pounds into galleons, and carry out an inheritance test please." After a quick exchange of two thousand pounds and the required galleons for payment, the goblin led them into a small conference room that had a round table with long opened scroll that was blank and an intricate dagger with strange symbols craved into it. "An inheritance test is performed thusly: you cut your hand over the open scroll, once your blood lands on it, the information of your heritage will be shown. Magical relations will be shown as red, Squibs grey, Muggles black and heirs/heiresses blue" the goblin said blandly in a rehearsed sort of tone. With a sense of anticipation of finally knowing who both his parents are and the additional knowledge of his history, William cut his palm and watched as the blood spread rapidly in a barrage of red until it turned grey. He noticed at the last of the reds was a 'Hektor Ademus Dagworth-Granger; Son of Ademus Dagworth-Granger and Belladonna Dagworth-Granger (nee Slytherin). The scroll continued down the line with twelve generations of squibs that had dropped the name 'Dagworth', but kept 'Granger', with each generation having a single male child that continued the grey with a muggle based on the black of the names. The scroll came to a stop, showing different colors at the end. In the centre as the last grey as a 'Daniel Richard Granger', on either side of him were two blacks. On the left was his mother's name, Samantha Foster; the right had an Emma Granger (nee Smith). However what really got his attention was not his name in a bright blue with a coat of arms beside his name. No, it was the name in red that stunned him into silence: Hermione Jean Granger While he was just staring at the name, the name of his apparent sister , Nymeria had place a comforting hand on his shoulder and giving a gently squeeze, the goblin spoke," It seems you are the heir apparent. Allow me to be the first to bid you welcome, Lord Dagworth-Granger. The Noble House of Dagworth has been missed by the goblin nation."