cavern of moist warmth beneath. Easily, his fingers found purchase between the material of her underwear and the folds he was now aching to caress. At the touch of his index finger against her swollen lips, she gasped, jerking slightly. "Shh," he soothed, tracing his nose against the column of her neck before finding the spot – right where her pulse thundered beneath her skin. He caressed the skin with his lips, inhaling a lingering scent of vanilla and jasmine, as his thumb pressed into a little bundle of nerves with every experimental thrust of his finger. Too distracted by the various sensations to notice he had removed her bra, Hermione mewled as he bit hard on her nipple and replaced one finger with two. Draco stilled for one beat, then a second, before soothing her breast with his tongue as his fingers pulsed in that achingly perfect come-hither motion. Impatient and so painfully tight inside, she rocked against him, gasping when his thumb brushed there-there- there while the tenting beneath her prodded her just-just- just - juust- Suddenly she was lifted up; his finger remained within her pulsing core as his free arm held her up. Her legs wrapped around his waist as he carried her further into the room. Hermione gasped as the bed, with its silken soft coverings, jarred her from the perfect friction against her body. She moaned as he removed his finger, pushing her legs apart in order to explore her with his mouth. His tongue serenaded her with poetry as he lapped her up and drank her in until she was seeing stars behind her eyelids. "Draco!" His groan vibrated between her legs, she tasted like heaven – his heaven. She threw her head back and gasped, hands reaching for something to hold on to as she felt the bruising pressure of his fingers on her hips, the tightening of his biceps beneath her thighs. " Fuck ," he exclaimed as if he had just discovered something new. Suddenly he was exploring it, worshipping it...pillaging it. Her groans of protest, of wanting, of needing more-more-more, died on her tongue as everything came apart beneath her when his fingers joined his tongue in a liturgy. La petite mort seized her briefly. The next thing she knew, Draco's lips were stroking her inner thigh, his thumbs soothing gentle circles as he moved to explore the rest of her body slowly. The weight of him on her abdomen made the heat within her liquefy all over again, his hardness pressed against her as he lathered attention on her pert breasts. It wasn't fair, she decided as he rolled her nipples between his fingers, that she was completely bare and boneless and he was starving. He deserved her attentions. Any attempt on her part, however, to flip him over was futile even as he paused to remove what remained of his shirt. She was his to worship. The best she could do to honor him was lift her foot to rub against his hardened length. He raised his head and groaned in response before his eyes met hers once more. Merlin, she was a vision. Her head was nestled amongst the stark-white pillows, dark curls loose and wild. Her supple body beneath his and, in that moment, she was his. Draco lifted himself up to undress quickly, his mask discarded along with his robes. Hermione held her breath as she gazed at him; a dangerous model of physical perfection, paying reverence to the altar of her willing body. The sleekness between her legs made sheathing himself easier despite his size. He filled her, every inch, wall to wall. It was perfect, whole, and – "God," she practically sobbed, "move, Draco, please!" He growled, lifting her by the arse with one hand and gathering both her hands above her head in the other. Driving in and out of her with such ferocity, the bed rocking against the wall, Hermione gasped from the sudden shock of him emptying her and then filling her again and again in a dizzying rhythm she could only get swept away by. His eyes were shut tight in ecstasy as he moved above, within, and against her. Hermione watched him in wonder; masculine and lethal and dripping sex from every pore – she was sure he was crafted and carved from marble – every muscle that trembled and tightened, every vein that protruded and thrummed was the culmination of some god's successful attempt to make a man so perfect that even angels would sin for a taste of him. She wrapped her legs tightly around his waist, pushing and pulling with every tightening inch of her core, and he groaned nearing his peak. Draco opened his mercurial eyes to peer at her then, his hooded lids slit like the moon from behind a cloud. There was no lust there for that brief moment, just pure and utter clarity; as if seeing the break in the sky for the first time in an endless storm; a safe harbor amongst the unforgiving rocks; sanctuary. In the throes of something carnal, he gave her his devotion, and it was beautiful and strange, and that was when Hermione knew she was fucked in more ways than one. A/n: A lemon for my Valentine's Day offering. It's my first so be gentle! At the writing of this story, it was a one-shot. Unfortunately, when it came to writing the summary, it somehow decided it wanted to be a full-length fic…so…At the moment, this story is a one-shot (so yes, feel free to consider this story finished), but it will likely continue sometime in the future (and if you are interested to see where it would go, hit that follow button). Huge thanks to Rachel, LaBelledonne, for her excellent beta skills, and helping me to get this story out. As usual, thank you so much for reading, and if you enjoyed it or want more, please do leave your comments below.