run after Bellatrix, Remus had reached him and held him tight, trying to stop him from running. Sadly, his effort was wasted. It was only a few seconds until Harry broke loose and ran after Bellatrix, with a murderous look in his face. Later in the evening he had heard stories of Harry's encounter with You-Know-Who, which only added to his guilt of not being able to stop Harry. As he was reminiscing, more Death Eaters had been taken down. It now seemed like a fair fight, two Death Eaters against two members of the Order. Both Remus and Dora looked tired though, and he didn't know how long he could have gone on. At the end of the hallway, multiple figures appeared. With a shock, Remus recognized Harry among them. They were running fast, and mere seconds later they were gone from view. Not too long after they were gone, Death Eaters appeared at the end of the hallway. They appeared to be chasing Harry. Remus suddenly got an adrenaline boost. "Not on my watch!" "What?!" Dora called out, confused. Suddenly, Remus ran between the two remaining Death Eaters. As he left his wife with the last two foes, he began chasing the six Death Eaters who were after Harry, the latter seemingly not knowing he was begin followed. "REMUS!" He heard behind him, but he did not dare look back. Dora should be able to keep off those two , he thought. I need to keep my promise to James! The chase went on through many hallways, corridors and stairways, but Remus wasn't able to get a clear shot at them. It wasn't long until he was back in his memories, this time a more recent one. Remus and Dora were visiting Bill and Fleur. This was their first night without their baby, they had left Teddy at Dora's mother. They both visibly were troubled by not being close to their son, but it was nice to be able to go out once again. Harry, Ron and Hermione were still staying with the couple at Shell Cottage, and so were Luna Lovegood, Dean Thomas, Garrick Ollivander and the goblin Griphook. The latter two had almost never left their rooms though. The trio was telling tales of being on the run for the past year, while Luna told everyone about the horrors at Hogwarts, Dean was telling stories of himself being on the run with Dora's father and Remus, Dora, Bill and Fleur talked about missions from the Order. At one point the Skirmish at Malfoy Manor came up, and the ambiance became sad. " Dobby had just disapparated with Luna, Dean and mr. Ollivander. Then we heard someone coming down the stairs, he was probably sent to check what happened." " Apparently, it was Wormtail who came down. Harry and I hid on both sides of the door, and when he came through, we disarmed him." " In the fight he managed to get a hold of my neck, and he tried to choke me. As he did, I managed to beg him not to do it. I saw the uncertainty in his eyes, and he began to loosen his grip on my neck." " Then the silver hand V-V-V-Voldemort gave him turned against him, choking him. Harry and I tried to pry the hand loose, but it was no use." " So, Peter died because he couldn't bring himself to kill you?" Remus asked, shock clearly written on his face. " Basically, yes." Remus finally managed to stun the Death Eater closest to him. The others turned around to see what happened, and they finally noticed Remus chasing after them. They immediately began firing curses at the marauder, and the latter raised his shield only barely in time. For 10 minutes, Remus managed to hold his ground, but no help came. He was too deep into the castle to be found by other members of the Order. He wasn't sure how much longer he would last, but he had to give Harry as much time as he could. Falling back wasn't an option anymore, as the corridor behind him was straight for too long for him to be able to make it around the corner alive. He was trapped. Still, his mind was occupied by the other Marauders. They all died for Harry, the first Marauder child. First James and Lily, who died at Halloween 1981, trying to protect Harry from You-Know-Who. Then came Sirius, who went to the Ministry to save Harry from You-Know-Who's trap, despite being wanted by the DMLE. Peter was third, who died because he couldn't kill Harry, turning against his master. And in the last place, me. It is only a matter of time before I lose this battle. But it will save Harry, and that is why I must keep on fighting! His adrenaline boost came to an end, and Remus grew tired. It got harder to cast spells, but three out of the six Death Eaters were still standing. He was nearing magical exhaustion. With his last bit of magic, he muttered "Bombarda maxima", and directed the spell at the ceiling above the Death Eaters. His eyes began closing, but before the light went out, he could see two of the remaining Death Eaters being killed by the falling debris, along with the three stunned bodies lying there. He couldn't see the last standing Death Eater. When he looked in his direction, all he saw was a bright green light. Then the light went out. Like the other Marauders, he had died protecting Harry Potter, son of James Potter, the first Marauder. A/N: There, another one-shot done. I had read about all the Marauders dying to protect Harry, and it made me sad, but I knew there had to be a fanfiction about it. It's one of the saddest parts of the HP universe, but I also like it a lot. Hope you enjoyed, and I'll see you next time!