circles," he recited. "Parkinson would be livid that you were 'stealing me' and trying to end 'our engagement', and my father would have sent word that I should cut all ties with you to appease her." Granger actually took in a breath through her teeth, practically a hiss. "You try not to be bothered about it; you have other friends anyway," Draco continued, "You and Padma Patil get on (as you do now). Daphne Greengrass and Tracy Davis would be convinced I'm crazy until they get to know you, and then I have to be the one to get them to leave (which I also do now). You practically adopt Luna Lovegood after protecting her from being bullied, and you won't let anyone near the poor confused thing, while Neville Longbottom is practically attached to your hip (both of which are true now, as well)." After a pause, he repeated, "You aren't alone. But you also like me the most." She rolled her eyes, but he can tell she was kind of impressed, so he continued on, "I idolize my father, though so I consider it because what parent wants you to do something that can hurt you? But even being the most understanding person I know, you're still upset, and we aren't friends for a little while." Her brows furrow. "When Christmas break comes around, I go home. Having reflected enough about the situation to be pissed about it, and confronting my father; any engagement with Parkinson ends right there. Come end of break, I try to get you to forgive me." "And let me guess, I do it in a heartbeat because you're my friend and I'm an idiot?" That wouldn't be a new thing for her. She was entirely too forgiving a person. But he had his own opinions about that which was why his snorted. "I wish. You've got self-confidence and self-assurance in spades, and an army of overprotective girlfriends – and Longbottom – that I can barely open my mouth before one of them threaten to hex me or send death glares or whatever else is in your Hogwarts-Hallway-Approved arsenal. I end up having to make a scene during breakfast to even get my apology out, and then, of course, the gossip springs up that I'm in love with you." She laughed. "Imagine that, and then what?" "I deny it, of course. But I can't fight fate, now can I?" Granger looked thoughtful then. "Do I feel the same?" "I don't know, do you?" She considered it for much longer than he would like, in fact, she appeared to go back to work. So he was left to stare after her; jaw set and expression blank. Well. That game ended well. Resolutely, Draco took to finishing the task of getting the paperwork done to the point where he was so engrossed that when she touched his hand to still him, he actually jumped. "What?" he asked, a little too sharply. "How does it end?" she asked instead. "What?" he repeated. "How does it end, Malfoy?" "How does what end?" "The story." "What…?" She shook her head. "Oh honestly, I think you need the break more than I do, maybe you're experiencing short-term memory loss." "I…" Feeling all too self-conscious, he could only stare at her, and she shook her head. "The story about how we became friends in Hogwarts had there been no war? Or do you not have an ending?" He cleared his throat then. "Is it possible to say it's on-going?" "What? So five years after graduating Hogwarts, that variation of us wouldn't have done or said anything about the fact that you're in love with me?" Draco blinked up at her owlishly. "Fine then," Granger said, straightening. "Well it is my turn so: You don't tell me you love me. You pretend we're just friends and we graduate and we go into the Auror Academy together. I end up as partners with Ronald Weasley, and we start a long-term relationship. It ends badly. I request a new partner, and you're there like always. We go on cases, we do our jobs, and we pretend we're not in love, and we don't say a word." "That's a terrible ending," he remarked after a lengthy pause. With a shrug, she said, "Consider it on-going." When he could come up with no reply, she returned to her desk to get ready to leave. Her workstation, he noticed, had returned to its orderly state, and her hair didn't look nearly as confuddled as it did earlier on. Granger made for the door. "I could have told you." She stopped. "We could have kept doing what we're doing right now," he continued, carefully, thoughtfully, even as the corner of his lip turned upward. "Arguing about everything under the sun, but still stopping to pick up each other's coffee or cover for one another when something goes wrong, or lying on the floor of your flat pretending we don't still have panic attacks, or taking over my sofa because we got too caught up in a case, or taking turns making dinner because we really can't live off takeaway and then getting sloshed off cheap wine because you refuse to let me buy better vintages; except we know." Cards on table;, hand revealed, thoughts laid out: plain, simple, honest. "And I'm nicer to you," he added when she still said nothing. She flashed him a smile, though there was just a hint of shyness to it as she offered, "Nice enough to buy me dinner sometime?" He puffed out the breath he didn't know he was holding before he waved his wand to fix his desk, and grabbed his coat from behind his chair. The clock on the wall read just after six. "How about breakfast instead?" A/n: Written ages ago, but always stuck at the bottom of the to-be-edited pile, so I decided to put my trust in Grammarly and hope for the best. Thanks for reading!