mess; not in the wild way that he loved, just flat and lifeless. There were dark circles under her eyes, and her cheeks were sunken. As beautiful as he found her, he knew she looked terrible. Guilt gripped his heart, squeezing it tighter than a pair of hand me down trainers two sizes too small. How could he have been so stupid?! "Ginny, you have to help her! She can't…she needs to eat…she needs-" "To stop being as stubborn as you are? I swear, sometimes that girl is a Weasley!" "What can I do? How do I fix this?" "I don't really know, Ron…you need to talk to her, but honestly, I'm not sure she'd even listen to you now…with the ways things are." "Shit!" "Listen, do you want to be with Lavender?" "Are you effing kidding me?! I've gone to bed before sunset every night this week just to avoid her!" "Then why?" "You know why." "Pretend I'm slow; explain it to me." He took a deep breath and ran his hands through his hair. He had never talked to anyone about this before, and he wasn't sure he wanted to now. But maybe, he thought, if I can make Ginny understand, she can help me talk to Hermione. "Dammit! Ok…she had Krum, Gin. Viktor Fucking Krum. She snogged him…she….he…how can I ever compete with that?! He has all the things I don't. Talent, money, fame. Even if she did feel like I do, I could never give her what he could. Hell, even Harry would be better for her than me. I have nothing they have. It would always be a comparison. That look she gets when she's disappointed…I couldn't stand to have her look at me like that…I mean, it's bad enough when it's just because I've mucked up an essay." "Ron…you know I love you, right?" "Yeah…course I do." "That's fucked up." "I know that too." "You need to sort this out." "I know, but like you said, I don't think she'll listen to me." "No…I mean, you need to sort out yourself first. Until you do that, the other can't be, not really." "I think that may be even harder." "Ron, it's after midnight, so your birthday is officially tomorrow." "Not expecting it to be a good one." "Maybe I can change that. Here's my gift to you…remember when Hermione got all mental over Harry dating Cho?" "What are you on about? Hermione never got upset about that, in fact it was almost like she was trying to help him." "Exactly. And remember how she rushed to spend Christmas in Bulgaria last year because she found out Viktor's dad got hurt?" "Huh? That was our Dad. She came to spend Christmas with us because" "Because?" "What are you trying to say? Hermione is just a good friend. She would do that for any one." "What I am saying is this: she already made her choice, the only one that is comparing you to Krum or Harry is you, Ron. The only disappointed she's ever been in you is now." Ron was gobsmacked. Everything she said made sense, but he still just couldn't believe it. And what if it were true? Then that really made him a monster. This was all his fault. He had hurt her, intentionally, without even fully understanding how or why. It seemed so obvious to him now, she had asked him to the party. She had tried to let him know. Fuck! But now, was it too late? How could she ever forgive him? How could he forgive himself? Surely whatever feelings she might have had were all gone now, he had seen to that. He wanted to take her in his arms and hold her, beg her to forgive him. But he knew he would not, not yet. "None of this can be put right tonight. I think we all need some rest. You look a little rough around the edges too." "Will she be alright down here alone?" "I don't see why not. I will set alarm so I can come get her up before anyone stirs in the morning." "Maybe I should stay, just in case. You can wake me first and I'll go up before she knows I was here." "Well, I guess that would work. I brought down another blanket, it's beside the sofa if you need it." "Thanks, Gin, for everything." "You're welcome; just remember, that was your birthday gift…I'm not getting you anything else." "Sounds fair." In an uncharacteristic show of emotion, Ginny hugged her brother tightly before heading up to bed. Ron set up his watch in the armchair closest to the sofa. He doubted that he would sleep, but that was fine with him. He felt an odd sense of purpose, like he watching over her, protecting her. He leaned close to her sleeping form and took comfort in her closeness, in being able to look at her without fear. "I know I've cocked things up 'Mione, but I promise I am gonna find a way to fix this. Even if you just want to be my friend, that would be enough, more than I deserve really." He knew he was lying, about the "enough" part anyway. It would never be enough, but if that were his only choice, he would take it. As long as he could keep her from being hurt anymore. He hadn't the slightest idea how to start; maybe he could con Harry out of some of that Felix for real this time. Maybe I could use my birthday wish… That was Ron's last conscious thought before sleep claimed him. Even though the chair was entirely too small, and the fire was entirely too hot for his liking, he enjoyed the soundest sleep he had known in weeks. Ginny couldn't help but smile when she came down to wake them the next morning. She sighed deeply, giving them both a knowing look. She might not be a Weasley…yet.