something to lure someone from his hiding place. Harry Potter could not even put her under the Cruciatus curse. He did not have the heart for it. His hard was full of love and the Cruciatus curse could only work if your heart is filled with hate. Bella knew that she had to hate Harry. But something in her heart told her that she could not do that. His curse was hurting so much more. It was more painful than the one of Lord Voldemort. But it was not filled with hate. She did not know what to think of it. A fear crept over her heart and a shifter ran down her spine. The idea alone that Harry Potter would throw and pronounce that curse with hate, with him that curse would be fatal right away. Lord Voldemort looked at Bellatrix and ordered her to look at him. Bellatrix looked at her lord and felt a tingle go through her body. "Lord, let me kill that Potter boy. Let me restore your honor" she exclaimed immediately. A smile appeared around the mouth of Lord Voldermort. Narcissa looked vaguely at her sister from out the corner of her eye. This was not the sister she had comforted less than an hour ago. This was not the hopeless shell she had seen sitting on that filthy mattress in that corner of that little room. "Bellatrix, I appreciate that you want to defend the honor of my name. But I have another task for you in mind. A task which I think you are the only one capable of. In addition, I will also need the help from Narcissa". Lord Voldemort said while he looked at the both of them. "Severus, tell me what is the next step that Dumbledore is going to take". "My Lord, I have heard that Dumbledore will take that Potter boy under his wing. What he wants to do with Potter, he has not told me yet. But I think he will prepare him for a fight with you. The way as it is now I think he wants to use him as a shield. He wants to sacrifice the boy, and then kill you with his own hands. The boy is just a pawn for him, his life has no value at all". Severus smiled at what he had said. Voldemort looked at him calmly". Well done, Severus, I appreciate the effort that you have done for Lord Voldemort". Voldemort again shifted his eyes and was now looking at Peter. "Wormtail get that book of which you and I talked about yesterday. And take it to the sacrificial chamber". "Yes master, good master". It was a slimy answer that Wormtail gave to his lord while he gave him a dirty look when Voldemort wasn't looking. Voldemort had shifted his eyes over to Narcissa. "Narcissa take Bellatrix to the sacrificial chamber. I'll be there in an hour to explain to you what it is what I want you to do. Follow the ritual on page nine, and on page seventeen of the book. Wormtail will bring you the book in a moment. Read it and see if you can do it" hissed Voldemort to Narcissa. Narcissa nodded and took Bellatrix by the arm and led her to the sacrificial chamber. In a room along the corridor, she saw Severus Snape sitting on a chair. Narcissa left Bellatrix behind in the corridor and went into the room to talk with Severus. Bellatrix did not really know what her sister was doing with Severus Snape. She saw her sister talking to Severus for about ten minutes. Suddenly she heard Severus create a magical promise. She was a little shocked but nothing more. When Narcissa came out of the room she immediately asked why that was. "Severus must keep an eye on Draco. He is his godfather, so I made him promise it to me" Narcissa said to Bellatrix. A little smile tugged at the corner of her mouth. Narcissa took Bellatrix by the arm again. She took her further along the corridor to the sacrificial chamber. There was one other thing that did not sit well with Narcissa. But that would be for later. In the middle of the sacrificial chamber stood an altar that was made entirely out of stone. Bellatrix looked at her sister intently. A little too driven Bellatrix asked Narcissa. "What do you think I have to do for my Lord? Do you think I'm his favorite again"? Narcissa wanted to give her an answer. But it was Wormtail who had just entered the room. Narcissa held her tongue but gave a look at Wormtail. "Wormtail put that book down and get out" Narcissa snapped. Wormtail put the book down and ran out of the room again, with a smile that was twice as big but went unnoticed by the two sisters. I loathe that rat, Narcissa thought to herself. Now there was still that one thing that did not sit well with Narcissa. Narcissa now looked at her sister and waved her wand over the eyes of Bellatrix. She mumbled a spell and looked deep into her eyes. "If I did not see it, I would not have believed it," she said. "You are under the imperious curse". Narcissa shook her head and thought hard. Narcissa who was now eyeing the book on page nine and seventeen, the book was filled with rune spells. It was an ancient book and full of dark rituals. And this was a ritual to give someone a fake memory; one they would think was real, it would also make the memory sentient until the task was done. On page seventeen there was also some ancient rune spell to make someone younger. What was it that her Lord Voldemort was planning to do Narcissa thought? What was it that he wanted from her sister? But especially what was it he wanted her to do. A/N: Thanks again and enjoy