love. Severus, dark Prince of Serpents, rejoice, my daughter, the generous, kind, and playful Minerva has, in her faith, given your soul and body new hope. The Selkie blood she spilled now flows in your veins, and from here on out, you will be brother and sister. Honor your bond, cherish the young souls on your path, and pay tribute to the universe in a prayer of acceptance. Never forget that I will guide your path and love you both." The blood that had dripped on Severus' neck started to glow an eerie red. He started trembling violently, and Minerva clutched him tightly. A dark, viscous liquid poured out of his wound, hovering just above it, the rupture skin already mending it back together. Minerva felt a sudden, violent tug on her magic, and fainted. Once she came around, she was in the Little Brussels Playhouse, and the two Druid healers waited. Minerva woke up, she was dressed in a white gown, and the two men gave a small bow. She blushed, however, the men pointed to the slumbering man next to her. The headmistress almost fainted again. It most definitely was Severus Snape, but the harshness of his life was erased from his face. He looked younger, younger than 38, as it was his age. Perhaps to the goddess he was this young? There was no way of knowing what effect her Selkie blood could possibly have. Softly, almost reverently, Minerva let her fingers skim the now unmarred skin of his forehead, down the side of his face, and across his lips. She smiled as her fingers brushed through his wavy, black hair. He looked like a rugged prince, one that would break the heart of many princesses. She then noticed that the cut in her hand had also been mended, she pressed her hand to his face, and kissed his forehead. A beautiful sense of love and respect enveloped her heart. Her magical creature self, realized it was her kin, one of her own brothers. She smiled again. "Of course," she realized. "The goddess makes no mistakes, he is my brother now." She turned to the men in the room and asked: " When will he wake up?" " When he is ready." One of the two, replied. " Yes, he needs to rest and adapt… I wish I could stay, I'll leave him a note… Athena will leave him a letter." Minerva drew a crooked smile and added to the slumbering Prince of Serpents, as he was aptly named by the mother Goddess. "I don't envy the shock you will experience once you realize, you are still breathing and looking like a renovated dark sensual god, I just wish I had a camera to take a picture, Gryffindor one and Slytherin zero" Minerva laughed. She sat herself down at a nearby table, grabbed a quill and ink, and started writing: " Dear Severus, Throughout the years, I've kept an eye on you, ever since that lovely summer of '88. I've watched you grow, watched you become the man you are today. I always wondered if you figured out my identity. No amount of apologies will ever make up for the fact that I doubted you this last year. I am so, so sorry. Despite knowing you, despite knowing just how much of a Slytherin you are, I ignored my intuition, and doubted you. Worst of all, for some time, I hated you. I let you go through this dark period alone. I did not trust you, and it is clear now that I failed you, and went as far as to call you out in public, to label you a coward. I will forever regret my lack of judgement, there is no going back from that. But I could do one thing to try and atone for my behaviour against you, and that was to pray, pray to the Goddess to save you. The mother Goddess deemed you worthy. My dear, dear Severus, I am proud of you. Proud of the man you have become, proud of your conviction to the Light, even when the Light forsake you. You deserve to live, you deserve your chance at happiness, never doubt that. You are a good man! In order to save you...you and I went through a ritual, in which I donated some of my blood. The Goddess blessed the sacrifice, and on said ritual she gave you a gift. As you are now in one piece and of sound mind, I must inform you one last thing: currently, you and I share one attribute, Selkie lineage. I am proud to call you my brother. I know, this may sound insane, but I do remember in your many qualities and abilities, your capacity for acceptance plus a dark sense of humor. Remember this when you take a look into the mirror. We will see each other again soon, I promise. Until then, Yours truly, Athena" After reading through this amazing tale of redemption, Minerva shrugged and said to herself. "No, the world is not ready for this kind of magic, it's up to Severus now, if he wants to be recognized, it will by his hand… everybody is entitled to their secrets and their public images… the Severus that died in that Shack, that's the one that was my lover at one time, the one that was brought back by the Mother Goddess… that's a whole different Prince and he deserves to tell his story." Minerva smiled, and with a playful twinkle in her eye said to the empty room as though it was an old and sentient friend: "I'm sure he is deliriously happy at this point, it has been 3 years after all, and so yes, he is ready to confess his gratitude, I just can't wait to see him again." and for the first time in a while, she laughed with mischief, she felt it in her bones, Severus tale, was going to be good.