how long they've been like this for; his head now resting on Malfoy's shoulders as he plays with the strands and their hands idly entwined as he lazily draws circles on his skin. He feels Malfoy move, his neck twisting and sigh. The cabinet must have gone but they both keep contact regardless. "Why do you need answers? Haven't I proved myself enough?" He questions sadly. He confessed to his crimes and gave all the names of the Death Eaters but it's never enough. "I'm not asking for proof, just understanding." "What do you need to understand?" Malfoy replies harshly, the hand on Harry's scalp stills and Harry straightens, moving so he can see his face. "I was made to do awful things and I hated every second of it. I didn't choose to be a Death Eater – no, I'm not explaining myself. Why don't you just hold it over my head like the others?" "I want to put the past behind us and that'll happen quicker if I have a full picture." Harry contradicts, trying to keep his voice neutral to stop the situation from escalating. "Do you think you're entitled to my story? Must be your Chosen One superiority complex that makes not getting what you want unfamiliar." "It's not entitlement – Merlin Malfoy, is it really so hard to believe I want to move on?" "Yes!" No-one else does. His role in starting the takeover has been kept from anyone who doesn't need to know. However, there are plenty of other speculations and rumours as to the level of his involvement in Voldemort's inner circle which cause people to grip their wands, send disapproving looks and call out insults as he passes. He hates it as much as he hates himself. His only conduit is the boy-who-lives and a room determined on destroying them. Resentment builds and a wooden bookshelf appears in his peripheral vision, stacked with bandages and healing potions. This is a new type of danger. Harry looks at the array of supplies. The room is viewing their desires and not just old events. "You're angry with me?" He asks eyeing up the provisions. "Not you, the world. I know I've no right." "You can hate who you like Malfoy." The itch to duel already has his hand drifting to his wand. What harm could it do? Malfoy seems to have the same thought as the air around them electrifies. After a minute, Harry decides he's had enough of fighting, no matter how routine it is. Battling with Malfoy is always intense and emotive, but he doesn't want that to define them anymore. "Best not." He says, feeling a slight nod from the blond and places his head back on his shoulder although Malfoy simply keeps his hand on his neck and their hands stay together unmoving. It's outlandishly intimate but neither make a move to alter it. "Don't you want to as well?" "Always." He answers honestly. He loves duelling, it's freeing just like flying but he needs to make changes. "I moved on, I owed you as much." "You owed me ?" He repeats bewildered. Harry thinks of the manor, when Malfoy didn't identify him but the memory jumps wildly as Hermione's screams fill the space and Malfoy tenses, clenching his fists. Hermione never deserved such treatment regardless of her blood. She was just a child like himself. Her screams along with Luna's and Dean's have plagued his dreams for months and are another reason why he doesn't want to leave his room. They've already said their piece; that they don't blame him and want to move on but he can't. "Sorry I didn't mean..." Harry starts, taken aback by his response. "It's not stable yet, can we talk about something else?" Harry nods and they both try to remain calm. More time passes and nothing precarious has appeared. "How do you focus so fast?" Harry inquires, noting Malfoy's ability to swiftly move his thoughts along. "Mindfulness. My aunt taught me occlumency and I taught myself the rest." "Why?" He sighs making Harry realise he's brought them back to their avoided topic. "She taught me so no-one would know of my task to kill Dumbledore." As predicted a heavy silence follows so he continues. "I'm glad she did. You-know-who was a powerful legilimens and knowing I could control what he saw in my mind was a small feat." "What was it like, living with him?" He asks, unable to bottle up his question. Malfoy flinches and the room creaks, as it replicates part of the manor. "War talk." Malfoy replies closing his eyes again. "Right." They remain sitting, starting the calming motions again. "If I wasn't trapped in this murderous room I wouldn't be telling you anything." Malfoy admits, lost in the way Harry's hair feels in his hands. "I know." "This goes both ways Potter. I have questions of my own." "That's fair." Just as all seems final, the room starts shaking and they both sit up, ready to face whatever horror manifests but instead it clicks and is still. After a few minutes of asserting that there is no new element to escape from or fight, they lower their wands. "Is it fixed? Harry asks. I require a door. In seconds a door appears; they both stand quickly and exit, breathing a sigh of relief as they emerge in the corridor. Harry casts tempus, they were trapped for 50 minutes. They both stand like they don't know what to do next; do they shake hands or swear to forget the event? Harry breaks the silence. "I don't know about you but I'm getting a shower." Draco snorts and Harry smiles. They look at each other tellingly; the nightmarish affair has brought them unimaginably closer. "Potter? The next time you have an urge to talk, just pass a note like everyone else." Harry laughs and starts on his way to his room. … Thanks for reading, any feedback is appreciated x