headed back up the stairs, reaching the common room as quickly as he could and waking the Fat Lady, who grudgingly granted him access. There were still several people scattered around the room but all the faces were sleepy, the excitement of the return to Hogwarts beginning to fade. He headed to the stairs but didn't head up to the boys' dormitories, instead heading to the new door that sat to the left of the stairs to the girls' rooms. He hesitated before raising his hand to knock. Silence greeted him and his shoulders slumped but then he heard a faint shuffling before a soft voice sounded from the other side. "Whose there?" "Its me Hermione," said Harry, "Can I come in?" Silence greeted him once more before he heard the turn of a lock and the door opened and inch to reveal the less damaged side of her face. "Are you alone?" she asked. "Just me," he said. The door opened a little further as Hermione stepped back, allowing him to enter. He slipped into the room and closed the door behind him, unsurprised as Hermione immediately reinstated the locks. The lighting was low but he could still see the well appointed room; a bed, larger than those in the dormitories, stood in one corner with a wardrobe and desk placed opposite. Her trunk sat at the base of the bed, its lid open and the inside decorated with pictures from the previous year. Harry couldn't help but notice that the largest of the pictures given pride of place in the centre was of Severus and Hermione on the night of the ball, the night they had finally admitted their feelings for one another. Hermione clearly saw his gaze and moved passed him to close the lid, her tired eyes questioning him. "What can I do for you?" she said, her voice quiet in the silence of the room. "You can talk to me," said Harry, setting his cloak down on the bed, "What happened Hermione?" She sucked in a breath, her hand coming once more to her face, "I told you what happened," she said, her eyes bent on the carpet, "He beat me and then he left, he went back to Voldemort." "I can understand him returning to Voldemort," said Harry, "If he got older and his mark came back he wouldn't have had a choice but are you really telling me that Severus hit you? That he could do that to you?" Hermione turned her back on him, her hand dropping to fuss with the collar of her shirt, "That's what happened," she said, tears apparent in her voice, "We came here and the Ministry forced him to change. The second he was his old self he…he's always been working for Voldemort." "Hermione…" "Do you really think the more you ask the question the more likely I am to change my story?" "No," said Harry, stepping round to face her and taking hold of her hand before she could drop it from her collar, prising her fingers from around the thin gold necklace and letting the pendant of it rest in his palm, the obsidian and diamonds that decorated the band glittering in the low light, "But you might explain to me why you still have his ring." Hermione snatched the ring from his hand, spinning away from him once more. "You were looking at his picture, you're still wearing his ring," said Harry, "If Severus truly did what you say surely you'd have burned the photos and got rid of your engagement ring." "Not if I still loved him," said Hermione quietly, "Not if I…he was mine, Harry. That perfect boy, he was mine. The Ministry forced him to change and I lost him then, he became…the cursed mark, it changed him and he was so cruel and so cold. He'd lied all the time he was with us but I…I can't stop loving the boy he was." "Oh Hermione," said Harry, feeling the tears prick his own eyes, "I can't believe he…we trusted him, he was our friend. I can't believe he did this after all we've been through together." "We never should have trusted him," said Hermione, her voice distant and hollow as she kept her back to him, "He knows so much now, all your weaknesses and he'll pass them to Voldemort in the hope it will help him defeat you. That's what last year was all for, to get close to you and know everything that you know. I just helped him get closer." Harry clenched his fists at his sides, anger warring against upset as the extent of the betrayal hit him, "Well when I get my hands on him…" "No Harry!" cried Hermione spinning back around to face him and taking hold of his arms, "No you mustn't go after him, you mustn't go near him, you'd be in danger." "He hurt you," said Harry. "I'll heal," said Hermione, her tears tumbling down her cheeks, "And I can't put you in danger. You need to stay safe, so you need to stay away from Sev…Snape. You need to stay away from Snape. Please promise me Harry, promise me you won't go near him. Look at my face, if he's capable of this with no provocation then what else could he do?" "I'm not afraid of Snape, I never was," said Harry. "But I am," said Hermione, "I'm terrified, so you stay away from him. Just forget him and then maybe I stand a chance of forgetting him to. Please Harry, for me." Harry said nothing but hugged his friend tightly, his own heart breaking at both her pain and his own, and knowing that if Severus Snape dared ever cross his path he would have as little mercy as he had shown Hermione, the risk be damned. xxxx A/N Please leave a review and check my profile for information on how to follow me for story teasers. Nova x