more than she ever wanted to know about the circumstances of her parents' deaths. I have a home with him , she sees Sirius Black and understands, intimately, as her anger rises. He's drawing this out too long though. "Just kill him already," Harry Potter of the Sacred Twenty-Eight mutters, right next to Albus Dumbledore. His sudden penetrative gaze is distracting and she looks at him- -and it's like falling and she is a snake, eating an adder and it's a cycle, on and on she eats the adder, again and again- "GET OUT OF HER HEAD!" Addy hears her mother shout and then there's a clang, like a giant bell and a shrill ringing that comes from above her, from the Potter crest- "Lady Black, return to your seat, the aurors-" "No!" And Addy is hazy- I am a snake, but why am I big?- her mother flashes in front of her vision and there's a crunch before Albus Dumbledore falls to the ground. People grab for Narcissa's arms and Addy hisses loud and animalistic because that is my mother! Get your hands off of her! She leaps from her chair, fangs sinking into the nearest arm and they yelp, flinging her. She – coincidentally – gets flung into the next one and it's only Narcissa grabbing her tail that causes her to stop, hiss and curl around her mothers arm. "Addy, calm down, I'm okay. Are you okay?" Addy is a snake and she doesn't quite understand, but this is her mother and her mother is safe. She coils up and up, making her way over her shoulder to her neck and collarbone, but she is not like the adder, she does not tighten around her like a noose and threaten to kill her. This is mother and I know I love her. "Serpentine treasure," comes Lucius' voice, "you must become a witch again." No! She hisses at him, whining. I do not wish to become a human again. I can protect you as a snake! "Darling, transform back, for mother, please," Narcissa whispers before Sirius Black's shouting attracts Addy's attention. "-is she? What happened? Where is my goddaughter?" Aurors are hauling at him, keeping him down in the ring. Peter Pettigrew is lying on the floor, dying- no, dead. Addy sniffs and senses a dead body, but it smells like rat and while she likes mice well enough, rats make her ill sometimes- "Addy, change back, now, before we have to do it ourselves," her father's voice is commanding and attracts her attention. Addy looks at her father, hissing sadly. His voice reminds her of when Draco rode his broom. He used his freedom to take the wrong choice, the snake in the roses whispers in her mind. She thinks, I must use my freedom to make the right choice, before my freedom is taken from me. Addy coils and twists down her mother's arms, reaching across to her father who holds out his hands. There are flashes – cameras that Addy does not like, but she has to change back into a human now and she does. As she does, though, she makes sure to wrap her growing arms around her fathers neck, hiding her face in his collar. "Dobby's glamours are gone," Narcissa murmurs, the house-elf invisibly squeaking at his failure, but Narcissa sends him away with a flick of her wrist and a strong command. "Time to go, serpentine treasure," Lucius takes his wife's hand and they apparate away. Addy dislikes the twisting, airless sensation but she endures, breathing in deeply. She thinks later that they must have put a sleeping charm on her like they do when she's not sleeping in early hours of the morning, when she wakes in her bed in her silk pyjamas, initials stitched on her sleeve and collar. "Mummy?" Addy pads through the house to her parents' rooms. Inside, her parents lie together, asleep. "Dad?" Lucius blinks a bleary eye, muttering a come here that Addy agrees with, climbing up onto the bed and crawling into the middle, accidentally kneeing her mother in the face and stepping on her hair as she gets under the covers. "That hurt," Narcissa mumbles, "Addy?" "Hi mum," Addy presses a kiss to her chin, smiling as her mother repeats the gesture blindly, kissing her eyebrow. Adelaide Malfoy doesn't care about politics or Dark Lords. Adelaide Malfoy cares about her family – her mother, her father and her brother. They're the good extreme to the Dursley's bad and she is happy that she is Addy. Her parents know that too and are quick to correct any and everybody when they mistakenly call her Harry Potter . Adelaide Malfoy doesn't care about politics or Dark Lords. Adelaide Malfoy cares about how her parents withdraw her brother from school and teach them German over the remaining school year so they can go to Durmstrang Institute. Adelaide Malfoy cares about how her brother scowls and hexes anyone at Durmstrang who thinks they can call her Harry Potter and she cares about how he misses Britain, because with changing schools comes changing country. Adelaide Malfoy cares about those that she loves, because she loves them and because they love her. So when some stupid wizard thinks he can summon her father and have him bring Addy to him to be summarily murdered , well…he's not a Dark Lord if he's dead, or so her mother says before taking the diary Lord Voldemort had entrusted to Lucius Malfoy and using it to destroy him, soul-outwards. It says something about her mother as well, when she tells Addy she's not going to have sit in the ritual pentagram with the other horcruxes because she took it out of her head the first night she arrived and trapped it in her least-favourite piece of jewellery. Adelaide Malfoy loves her family and her family will fuck you over if you even think of messing with her, because they love her too.