didn't you just let it go?" James laughed softly at his girlfriend's concern. "Darling, it's all right. The fox was a little scared at first, that's all. Everything's just fine now. See? She's snuggling up to me, as sweet as can be." Just to punctuate her brother's point, Freya smiled the way foxes do at Lily, then started licking at James's wounds in his arm from her bite. "Aww," Lily cooed. "Ok, just be careful to make sure Professor McGonagall doesn't find out. Foxes aren't approved pets you know." Sirius barked out a laugh. "We graduate in a week; what can she do?" Lily glared at Sirius. "Take away enough points from Gryffindor to keep us from winning the House Cup, for example?" James rolled his eyes at his best friend and his girlfriend. "We'll be careful, Lily. Come on, guys." Carrying Freya up to their dorm room, the four Marauders entered the dorm. James set Freya on the floor, who immediately ran under Remus's bed. James sighed. "Freya, come back out here and turn back into a human being. I mean it, we have to talk about this." Freya growled from where she hid, as far under the bed as she could get. Remus sat down on the floor beside his bed, reaching under the bed and trying to coax the younger girl out from underneath the furniture. "Come on, Freya," he cajoled. "We only want to help you. If Regulus hurt you, we have to know about it so we can do something about it." Freya rolled her eyes, annoyed, but Remus had always been her favorite of her brother's friends. She crawled slowly out from under his bed and curled up in a ball in Remus's lap. Remus ran a hand down her furry back, and Freya purred softly at the sensation, then licked his hand where she'd bitten him in apology. Remus asked the fox gently, "Freya, would you turn back into yourself please so we can talk to you?" The fox huffed a sigh, then climbed off the werewolf's lap and transformed into herself again, sitting beside him on the floor. James demanded angrily, "What the hell is the matter with you, Freya? What happened to you? What did that Slytherin bastard do to you?" " Nothing," Freya insisted. "Nothing happened. Regulus didn't touch me. I heard him coming and ran and hid in the bushes, plain and simple." " Then why did you bite Remus and James and run from us?" Sirius asked suspiciously. "And why were you so bloody mean to Peter? That's not like you." Freya snapped, "Maybe because I didn't want to deal with your questions? I hid from Regulus, I forgot my sweater when I hid, that's all there is to it." Remus asked tenderly, "Why would you feel like you needed to hide from Regulus unless there was something bad going down between you two? Maybe he didn't hurt you today. Has he hurt you in the past?" Freya shook her head. "No," she insisted. "He's never hurt me. Can I go now?" Everyone looked to James for an answer. Running a hand through his hair, James sighed and consented. "Fine, but you better be telling me the truth, Freya. If he ever so much as touches you…" Freya said, exasperated, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, you'll be the first to know." Freya apparated into Hogsmeade the week after school let out, ready to get her date with Lawrence Hudson over with. She had nothing against the Ravenclaw, but she didn't feel she had much in common with the boy. Looking around for Lawrence, Freya was startled to see Regulus Black walking towards her instead. "Hello, Potter," Regulus said smugly. Freya sighed. "What are you doing here? Where's Lawrence?" " Oh, he was here. However, after it was suggested to him that he would be better off going to Diagon Alley with a few extra galleons today instead of keeping his date with you, he happily took off. I decided if he was going to be so inconsiderate of you, I should wait here for you to arrive and take his place." " Uh huh," Freya said suspiciously. "In other words, you bribed him to stay away from me and let you take me on a date instead?" Regulus smirked. "Fine," she sighed. "But I will not be seen out on a date with a Death Eater like you." Regulus shrugged. "Fine." Suddenly, he threw an arm around her waist and pulled her into a side-along apparation. Reappearing, Freya looked around, startled by the sudden apparation. She found herself standing on a rooftop overlooking London. "Then you can be seen with me in my own home. Welcome to 12 Grimmauld Place." There was a dinner set up on a table a few feet away. Nothing especially fancy, no candles or anything romantic like that, but a simple meal on a rooftop. "Regulus, what is all this about?" Freya asked skeptically. Regulus sighed, enfolding Freya in his arms. Freya tensed up at the contact, but Regulus just smiled at her anyway. "Freya, I'm fascinated by you. I know my beliefs might repulse you, but does that mean we can't be into each other?" Freya raised an eyebrow. "You aren't capable of being attracted to anyone for any other reason than their blood purity, and I have absolutely no interest in such rubbish." Freya tried to pull away, but Regulus wouldn't let her go. "That's not true," Regulus insisted. "Let me prove it. Just spend the day here with me, get to know me." Freya had gotten to know Regulus incredibly well that night, including memorizing every inch of his body. They had yet to leave Grimmauld Place on a proper date, but it never mattered. The two had fallen deeply in love that summer, and managed to keep it a secret from everyone. Freya smiled slightly, not knowing where any of this would take her, but at the moment, she didn't care.