to leave a person well alone." "Why don't you try scowling at them?" Minerva mocked him. "That doesn't help! They faint! Granted, it buys me time to get away, but it seems to make them even more determined to follow me around. They won't stop!" Again, Minerva was laughing, which in turn made the fangirls scowl. It was clear to Severus that the human heart and attraction, were quite fickle elements, and he better move with care around them, that much was obvious. It was then that a girl, the most unattractive of the lot, got up and walk to where Minerva and Severus. She had a camera and said: "Hi, my name is Sunny and, my friends and I, we are visiting from Santander Spain… I wonder, would it be okay to take a picture from both of you?" Minerva smiled like a child at a toy store and added: "As a matter of fact Sunny, I'm a photographer, I could just take the pictures of you and the Potions Master here." Sunny opened her eyes as wide as saucers, and said: "Potions?, that's one of the majors I'm working on, I'm going to be a healer… but you don't look the type to be a potions master..." Minerva was close to goofing off, but she kept a neutral expression, while Severus tried glaring, and Sunny blushed, then she said: "You must be a prodigy, right?" Severus then began blushing and nodded, then added: "The youngest potion master in a century, I was told." Sunny nodded and said: "Wow, so you have a beautiful brain and a sexy presentation, not only a prodigy, but and oddity?" Minerva lost it and laughed out loud. She tried covering it with a clearing her throat, but lost it again, she took the picture of scowling Severus, which looked like Intense Severus , then his eyes turn to slits, which was naughty Severus, and then, Sunny got more brave and tackle hugged him. Mind you, she was a bit smaller than Minerva and him, so it was like launching a brown haired spanish missile shot, which resulted into, Surprise Severus . Sunny said goodbye, and walked towards the cheering crowd and Severus mumbled: "If Sunny had been born in Britain, and about to be sorted for a house in Hogwarts?, no doubt she would have been a bonafide Gryffindor." Minerva hugged him and said to his ear: "Yes, dark prince of serpents, a Gryffindor indeed, I'm so proud of you!. Come on, let's go, before the entourage decides to follow her example and you are kidnapped by a bunch of teens." Minerva took him to the pond and the two stood in contemplation. In the quiet She added: "Male Selkies exist, and just like females, they are quite rare...I'm telling you this, because it's probable you will be summoned." "What?" "Female Selkies usually get lured and trapped, rarely summoned. Male Selkies usually get summoned, rarely do they get trapped… It's the way of the Inssigli People Severus, the way of our people ...Seven tears will summon you, but not just any tears, but the tears of your soulmate… instinct is going to play a key role. Your brain is going to fight you, but the sensual nature of your adoptive heritage, is going to take the lead, and as extreme as it sounds?, your only action will be to nurture her in every way, to bond to her, and to conceive children…to you, it will seem she is the living incarnation of the mother Goddess, and you her willing mate." For a moment it all seemed too much, but then again, being alive after the attack of Nagini was just as much, so the young Male Selkie, kept his own counsel. Minerva smiled one of her elusive smirks and added: "I don't want to hide under the glamour anymore, I want to retire from Hogwarts, I have enough money saved to do whatever I want. I've been saving for decades, but I want to go with a bang… I mean, Albus Dumbledore dropped from the astronomy tower, I chased the last Headmaster, Severus Snape out in a duel, it's becoming a tradition, leaving the Headmaster's seat in a most dramatic action, on your way out of Hogwarts..." Severus agreed and added in low voice: "Maybe you should write out your memoirs, take your time, edit until you are good and ready"... "and when the book hits the stores?, melt the glamour away."... "I mean, add shock value to the retirement… laugh at their gaping faces, as the lot realizes, a breathtakingly gorgeous Selkie was hidden underneath the green tartan robes, and they, the magical English community in its entirety, can all kiss your fanny, since they are no longer your problem, yes, that sounds like a plan?" Minerva looked at Severus as though he had grown a second head, and then started nodding, then jumping and then she tackled and hugged him and kissed his cheek, she added: "Yes Severus, that is a fantastic idea!" "Oh my God Minerva, I was being sarcastic!" "I don't care!... thank you Severus, you are one amazing little brother." "You are welcome." He answered, rolling his eyes. Minerva and Severus continued looking at the water, and Severus broke the silence. He said: "Did you know I have Slavic roots?" "No." "It's far removed, but my mother fell in love with the idea of an exotic origin. Before the final battle I uncovered her diary, she wanted to call me Yasen, I think it means Ash Tree, anyway, my father hated the idea, and still my mother decided, on the first name, but she dreamt of calling me Yasen Prince… and I kind of like it, I'm going to honor my mother's wishes, I mean, you know that I'm Severus Snape, but to the rest of the world I'm dead, so?, new life, new name and a new purpose for me." "Sounds like a sensible plan, mister Prince."