with relief of those words Bella turns around heading back to the young woman softly taking her hand and kissing it. A Year and half later A shaking Bella wearing a beautiful dress that has just the right mix of black and white is now standing in front of a small group of seated people waiting who appear to be waiting for someone else to show up. Do you think she will change her mind? Asks a nervous Bella to Andy. No she won't change her mind she's completely in love with you, says a reassuring Andy. The music starts up and Bellatrix vision tunnels to Hermione who steps out the back doors of Black Manor with her father guiding her down the wedding isle towards a jumpy Bella. Once they reach Bella, Mr Granger says with a bright smile and kind of serious eyes Take care of her Bella or I'll have to come and teach you a lesson. As she takes Mione's hand Bella laughs an I will Jake, and if I don't you are more than welcome along with my sisters. Both witches take a moment to smile at each other before turning in unison to allow the ceremony to start. Once the vows are done You make kiss your bride is said Bella pulls Hermione in and kisses her and the world fades away. 14 months later Standing by a bed Bellatrix is looking down at a sweating and very red Hermione who is laying on bed with blood around her legs. Come on my love push, you're doing amazing. Grunting Hermione lets out a hard breath You try pushing this out of you taking a moment to grunt and start her final big push. Suddenly a loud cry pierces the air within the room. Molly hands over a wiggling mass of messy baby to the proud mothers. Omg Bella she has your hair states Hermione. Hearing this the tears Bellatrix were fighting once she saw the baby fall free down her face. Leaning over she kisses the babies cheek and turns to Hermione and says Thank you she's amazing before she kisses her wife. FLASH BACKS DONE This sends us back to the throne room. During this whole time that has felt like hours in fact it only been a few minutes since Voldermort has entered Bella's mind, his anger has reached heights he never thought he could with his most loyal. Harshly existing her mind Voldemort yells a pained sounding NOOOOO, you will die for this betrayal you whore! Tossing a powerful crucio Bella barley jumps out of the way of the spell as she crashes to the floor as she feels the heat and anger behind the spell as it flies by her. Turning to look over her shoulder Bella sees Narcissa standing right by Draco. Now, Cissy go . Quickly Narcissa grabs her son and disaperates before anyone can get a hand on the two. Turning back to Voldermort Bellatrix throws her own spells at the man. All of the inner circle pulls their wands to take her down. No she is mine and I will destroy her hisses Voldermort. As the spells start to volley with such speed and power the deflections start flying all over and start to take out some of the gathered death eaters or blow holes in the house. Septumcempra is screamed by Voldermort and finally is able to break through Bella's defense and hit her. Stopping once he sees that his spell has hit her Voldermort boasts You will die Bellatrix and that mudblood whore and half breed brat of yours is going to die a slow painful death next . NOOO yells Bella with throwing a silent crucio that knocks Tom off his feet. Allows her the split second to turn with the last of her energy and disapperat thinking of heading straight to Hogwarts. Meanwhile while on the hunt of invisible creatures she is familiar with in the court yard Luna turns once hearing a loud pop of someone enters the schools yard. Turning she sees a bleeding and heavily swaying Bellatrix. Without thinking shes sends her patronous to the Order inside as she runs to try and help the woman that now has fallen down. Kneeling beside the bleeding woman she puts her hands on the worst cuts trying to slow them down. Bella what has happened to you? Don't answer that just stay with me, Hermione is on her way. Hearing footsteps fast approaching Luna looks up to see Hermione break through the archway followed closely by Snape, rest of the Order, and surprising Narcissa and Draco Malfoy. Oh no Bella omg hang on baby you will be fine Snape is here states a panicking Hermione. Quickly muttering the counter curse the blood slowly starts to recede back into the body of the now a whispered He knows slips from the now unconscious woman's lips. Hearing all the racket the children associated with the order run outside to see what's going on and start to freak out. Between the Order having to deal with the kids freaking out and the others trying to get Bellatrix into the school since they were able to awake her now. No one looks back and notices the dust storm forming where Bellatrix body was bleeding on a stone with a dragon mere moments ago. Turning to retrieve her sweater from the ground Luna is the first to notice the storm that has now turned into what looks like a large dust and debris devil. Guys there is something going on where Bella was just laying! Says a nervous sounding Luna. The storm disappears as soon quickly as it appeared leaving everyone confused on what just happened. What the bloody hell was that? Asks Ron answering what everyone had on their minds. I hope you have enjoyed this first bit of my story. The next bit will come up as I am able to write on it.