smiled with playfulness and answered: "Just a swot that shares a similar passion for knowledge, not unlike yourself" Severus arched an eyebrow and said in a low voice: "You could rule the world if you wanted to..." Athena smiled and replied: "And take responsibility for a bunch of morons?, and later be looked at as the answer for everything? and then when it all goes to hell, be burned at the stake... just like Joan of Arc? Seriously?... no... Even Cleopatra decided to commit suicide, before surrendering... I prefer my anonymity... the freedom to choose my lovers, to enjoy nature, art and knowledge, to pass on hope and love, because any other philosophy, is not mine... I'm not a saint Severus." "Neither am I, Athena, I just find it odd, that you are not married to the PM." Athena laughed, and Severus couldn't help smiling with her, as she composed herself, she added in a whisper to him: "Fudge, seriously?, that man is as attractive as a hernia!, dear lord... poor Lucius Malfoy to find out that your father and the future Prime Minister Cornelius Fudge were lovers?... it came to no surprise that Lucius decided to become a death eater... he wanted to oppose the ministry of magic with all his might, however, that was no excuse to go into that horrid club, with Tom Riddle at the lead, spitting venom at anyone who was against his ideals... meaning Dumbledore, and even such a fucked up establishment as the ministry of magic!" Severus asked Athena in a murmur: "Do you realize that you just went from scorching temptress, to irresistible goddess in two point three seconds?" Athena smiled and said: "Well, I gather... that and your magnificent erection pressing against my belly?... yes" Severus threw his head back and laughed. He then took her hand and took her out of the dining area. They walked up to the garden, in the direction of the pond. Once there, he started undressing and he said: "Race to the rock over there?" Athena gaped at his gorgeous leaned muscled body, as he stepped out of his robes. He turned and winked at her, while saying: "Come on Gryffindor, are you going to let this Slytherin win?" "Oh you sneaky bastard!, you distracted me" Severus laughed and said: "House of the cunning is winning, though for you I'll be the supporter of the house of connilingus!" Athena could not fathom the change, he was playful, bantering and sexy. She then shrugged, no sense in trying to dissect his behaviour, he wanted to play, game on. She vanished her clothes, took a dive and arrived at the rock, while Severus reached it only seconds behind her. "You are a mermaid? aren't you?" Athena smiled and said. "No, I have a connection to the Selkies." "Those magical creatures are more rare than mermaids... when trapped in lochs, and fertile, the union happens... but so rarely." Athena nodded and added: "One of my ancestors trapped one and she gave him twins, a boy and a girl... the girl was my great grandmother, my mother and me share the trait of beauty and knowledge... I was married for a while, but my husband died because he got too close to a magical plant... it was irony... however, I came here to the retreat, in order to heal a widow's heartbreak and find a sexy potions master, who makes me laugh, and makes love to me... and you help me heal, and I can heal you too... well, what am I supposed to do?, ignore this chance? I am not even that certain that life and magic will have us unite this way again..." Severus knew now who she was, his mind sped in thoughts: "It was Minerva McGonagall! ...her accent, her life and family history!...this was epic!... SHE WAS A MOTHERFUCKING SELKIE!" This was unbelievable, and then, it all made sense, she couldn't do anything about her beauty, she would be the object of desire of so many, and the bigots like newly appointed undersecretary for Fudge miss Umbridge, and missing Tom Riddle, the two would sacrifice her in the altar of hate, because she was brilliant...and she had magical creature ascendance. He got close to her, and kissed her again. Severus understood, the glamour charm, she to was misunderstood, taken for granted, ignored because she was too old, or not that important. No one understood the mythical beauty underneath the glamour, and like she said, the ingrates didn't even deserve her. Not even himself... but now?, the present promised so much, so he would honor her, the two deserved this pleasure and she would remember every second for the rest of her magical life. Present Year 2001. Hogwarts Scotland. Headmistress Chamber. 26 February 2001, 8 pm. Minerva is looking at the pictures she snapped in 1988, in that sensual summer. He was so full of promise, and delivered so much pleasure, and she returned in the same degree. They held each other until they left the Playhouse, to go on their separate ways. Minerva feels the moisture gather in her eyes, she says to the empty room, staring directly at a picture of young Severus Snape: "Stupid Slytherin, you had to go and sacrifice for a bunch of ingrates at the end" ... "Couldn't help yourself, could you?" She dries her tears and adds with a smile. "And come September of 88, it was so difficult to look at soup and not think of you on your knees, eating me out, and you knew it was me, didn't you?... our wagers for the Quidditch cup became more visceral, and you so loved to tease me: " -Come on Gryffindor, we already wiped the floor this year with the house cup and the Quidditch cup, what's another year, or two more?" Minerva chuckles and adds: "Slippery Git from the house of Cunnilingus" The headmistress shakes her head and then closes the drawer. Tomorrow will be another day.