This special stat allows for plus twenty-five percent reputation xp gain, plus ten percent bond xp gain, plus fifteen percent charisma, plus ten percent loyalty xp gain and plus five percent xp gain for the skill class King. Intelligence , the measure of your reasoning - this is a trait of R. This special stat allows plus fifteen percent reputation xp gain, plus one percent charisma, plus fifteen percent xp gain, plus two percent luck, plus fifteen percent wisdom, plus three percent skill slot, plus one percent points, plus one percent ability points, plus fifteen percent magic and plus twenty five percent xp gain for skill class Scholar. Creativity , the measure of how innovative you are - this is a trait of R. This special stat allows plus five percent reputation gain, plus two percent charisma, plus three percent luck, plus fifteen percent wisdom, plus fifteen percent xp gain, plus one percent points, plus three percent ability points, plus twenty five percent xp gain towards skill class Spark of Genius, plus twenty percent multiplied by twenty percent of resourcefulness, wit and cunning xp gain towards skill class Survivalist. Learning , the measure of your comprehension - this is a trait of R. This special stat allows plus five percent reputation gain, plus one percent charisma, plus fifteen percent wisdom, plus fifty percent xp gain, plus two percent points, plus three percent ability points, plus two percent skill slots, plus twenty five percent xp gain towards skill class Spark of Genius, plus twenty five percent xp gain for skill class Scholar. Wit , the measure of your cleverness - this is a trait of R. This special stat allows plus fifteen percent xp gain towards skill class Spark of Genius, plus five percent reputation, plus three percent charisma, plus fifteen percent wisdom, plus fifteen percent xp gain, plus two percent points, plus two percent skill slots, plus one percent ability points and plus twenty percent multiplied by twenty percent of resourcefulness, creativity and cunning xp gain for skill class Survivalist. Ambition , the measure of your resolve - this is a trait of S. This special stat is minus ten percent reputation xp gain, minus five percent charisma, minus five percent wisdom, plus twenty-five percent will, plus fifteen percent xp gain towards skill class King, plus five percent xp gain towards skill class Ninja, plus five percent skill slot, plus five percent points and plus five percent ability points. Cunning , the measure of how crafty you are - this is a trait of S. This special stat is minus twenty-five percent reputation xp gain, minus five percent charisma, minus ten percent bond xp gain, plus twenty five percent xp gain toward skill class Ninja, plus five percent ability points, plus five percent points, plus five percent skill slots and plus twenty percent multiplied by twenty percent of resourcefulness, creativity and wit xp gain towards skill class Survivalist. Leadership , the measure of your influence - this is a trait of S. This special stat is fifty percent xp gain towards skill class King, plus ten percent reputation xp gain, plus twenty-five will and plus five charisma. Resourcefulness , the measure of how capable you are - this is a trait of S. This special stat allows plus ten percent luck, plus five percent ability points, plus five percent points, plus five percent skill slots and plus twenty percent multiplied by twenty percent of cunning, creativity and wit xp gain towards skill class Survivalist." Merlin blew out a gust of air once he was done reading, relieved to be done. "Horrible, that was horrible . Why did I decide to read them aloud, it was a terrible idea." Rudely, neither his room nor the boxes gave an answer. "Alright. So. I have twelve points to spend." He said, thinking aloud. "I've got no idea what a ninja skill class is but I want it so I'll dump Honesty. I don't care for Leadership or any of the G stats really so I can go without them. Or, wait, will I have an ability check for Courage?" No answer. "Right...I guess I can put a point there but uh..." I can live with being a coward, Merlin decided. "I definitely want Faithful, along with Cunning, Resourcefulness and Learning since I'm going to school soon. Mm, I should put a point to Creativity if only for the Survival skill class xp gain since I'll have the other three already. Then Wit, Intelligence, Kindness and Hardwork." "Let's do three to Cunning, two to Resourcefulness, two to Learning, two to Faithful, one to Hardwork, one to Creativity, one-" he paused and mentally counted it and said, "-to Courage then." Nodding to himself he proceeded to demolish the wall of boxes before distributing his stat points as he had said. SPECIAL STATS Stat Point(s): 0 [H?]: 5 Kindness: 2 Faithful: 2 Honesty: 0 Hardwork: 1 [G?]: 1 Courage: 1 Bravery: 0 Nerve: 0 Chivalry: 0 [R?]: 7 Intelligence: 1 Creativity: 1 Learning: 3 Wit: 2 [S?]: 9 Ambition: 0 Cunning: 5 Leadership: 0 Resourcefulness: 4 [Close] He closed the special stats and blinked when he saw the changes to the character status box. CHARACTER STATUS MERLIN FAULKNER Title: Fledgling Wizard (+2 WIL, +2 WIS) Level: 2 HP: 50.15/50.15 MP: 60.3/60.3 Stamina: 40.25/40.25 DEX: 7 AGI: 7 STR: 6 VIT: 9.25 WIL: 15.25 CHA: 8.99 WIS: 23.05 LUK: 11.65 [SPECIAL STATS] Point(s): 10.62 Status: -0.6% XP Bond, -0.35% XP REP, +0.064% XP Survivalist, +0.5% XP Loyalty, +2.25% XP Motivation, +0.7% XP Spark of Genius, +1.75% XP Scholar, +1.25% XP Ninja, +2.6% XP Merlin Faulkner is a rather quite and solitary boy who is often teased and called a "Mama's Boy" by his age-mates. Prior to turning eleven years old he received an acceptance letter to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, thus his journey to becoming a full-fledged wizard has started. There are things in his past that might make the journey problematic, however... [Close] "Huh."