hole keeping eye contact, noticing how he arches his back and his mouth parts in a silent moan of pleasure. He wants to hear him. He pushes his digit in more, Harry faces the wood again groaning, his knuckles white from holding himself up. Malfoy keeps a hand on his lower back, keeping him steady as his breathing grows laboured. Malfoy stands and turns him. "Finish." Harry's annoyed that he stopped but slowly moves his hand from the desk to his cock. He wraps his fingers around his cock and strokes. Malfoy can't stop watching, his own cock strained and demanding to be touched but he won't, not yet. Harry moans tilting his head back slightly and comes, languidly fisting his cock as his hand slides with come. He licks a finger and Malfoy tenses his hands to stop himself from coming. Potter notices the reaction and smirks. Malfoy spells him clean, looking over his flushed body, lidded eyes, the signs of a good orgasm, but he knows can do better. Reigning in his desperate urge to bury himself deep inside Potter and fuck him against the desk, he closes his eyes and while he isn't looking, presses the palm of his hand against his confined cock. The pleasure is momentary and nothing like what is to come. He apparates them to his room and positions himself on top. The position and his advantageous height, all show his dominance. He keeps on his clothes but undoes his flies and looks down at Potter. The expression he's wearing is odd; it's defiant but willing at the same time. Malfoy presses against his entrance. He doesn't prep him. They've never been gentle people. They're not lovers. This is an act that needs to be remembered and he wants Potter to bare the marks. In one swift movement he enters, watching Potter bite his lip to withhold the groan of pain. He admires his strength and keeps up a hard pace, hitting Potter's prostate on each thrust and eliciting moans that he tries to conceal. Malfoy tries to control his own vocals and has more success, releasing heavy breaths instead of outright moans as Potter's ass sheaths him perfectly. Malfoy's not aware at how long their fucking continues, the bed rocking from the motion and delightful gasps and moans occasionally fill the silent room. Potter always pushes down to meet his thrusts. Malfoy's close but Potter must cum first. He strokes him in time with the thrusts and he does. "Fuck." Potter curses with a moan as ropes of cum coat his own chest and Malfoy's, nails piercing the blond's back. A life without pain would be no life at all. Malfoy follows suit, extinguishing the cry that wants to be yelled as he's thrust into a bliss like he's never experienced with other lovers. He won't allow Potter the satisfaction of hearing him moan, knowing he caused it, so he moves to lick and bite his neck - an unmistakable sign of ownership - as he cums, letting ecstasy roll over him as he just manages to support himself by his arms rather than be so undignified as to flop onto the tanned man. Malfoy allows himself to recover, still breathing heavy by his ear and is startled when Harry plays with back of his neck, uncomfortably aware that it feels really fucking good. When did he become Harry? Getting invested is not part of the plan. Malfoy pulls out and moves so he's sitting on the edge of the bed, not chancing a look at his post shag hair, face or body, as he's certain it'd overwhelm him and then he'd want more. He lists it as another display of power, showing there's nothing emotional to this. He stands and tucks himself away but is stopped when a hand touches his shoulder and another pulls his hand so he's knees hit the bed. No, that's not how this game goes. He pulls his hand back and glares, his jaw square. Potter looks over his expression as he kneels naked, his eyes just as steely but conveying something else Malfoy's not ready for nor wants to accept. He places a hand on Malfoy's shoulder and leans closer, keeping eye contact as he licks his mouth wanting entry. Malfoy debates the riskiness of this development but concedes, tasting his swollen lips as he ghosts the bruise on Potter's neck with his fingers and shifts so the Saviour is on his back and he's laying with their chests flush. Potter makes no move to redress or to leave so Malfoy decides to indulge. They're both exhausted so the kiss is slow, although not lacking in ardency. He could get use to this. Refusing to share his throne he leans up and grabs a fistful of raven hair, forcing him to meet his eyes and know his place. "You are mine ." Potter's eyes narrow, although the reaction was predicted. All his life he has been controlled. Used. Manipulated. Malfoy's seen the expression emerge over the years as he grew in his independence and formed the liberated man he is now. To have someone take that away again is unthinkable, despite knowing this lack of choice is different; they'll always be there own people, never again being oppressed by leaders who think they're right. Potter leans up, moving a hand through the blond strands and matches the grip on his own hair making the man's heart jump. Potter's lips ghost his ear, his wicked tongue flicking the tip before releasing the grip on his hair and smoothly caressing his face. "I'm yours." With those words, he's finally built his throne. ... Note : The Hawkworth's are a real pureblood family but Alasdair and Verity are my own creation. Thanks for reading, any feedback is appreciated x Update : (14/05/17) Thank you to the reviewers for pointing out that it is hard to know who is taking on occasion. I hope this is clearer now :)