generously tipping the delivery man at the door, Oliver carried her precious cargo to the couch in front of the TV. She popped in a DVD on large cats and other predators of the savannah. The documentary was rather long, but it let Oliver take her mind off of her mother's abrupt visit, and she soon polished off both pizzas and two bags of popcorn. Oliver was working her way through the last bag as several innocent animals met their grisly fate when she finally decided to call it a night and go to bed early. Slowly, she cleaned up (she even neatly hung up her mother's kimono), brushed her teeth, changed into pajamas, and turned off all the lights in the house. For a minute, she stood quite still in the darkness, listening to the ticking of the clock and the hum of the refrigerator. Feeling a little lonely, she groped her way up the stairs and tucked herself into bed. Sleep did not come easily. It was earlier than her usual bedtime, and the sliver of moon in the cloudless night shed its radiance through the cracks in her curtains, bathing her room with a soft luminescence. Oliver laid there and stared at the drawer holding the two letters. The longer she stared, the more she felt like she would find the answer she was looking for. One drawer became two, and two drawers became three. The letters slipped out from the drawers and glanced around furtively. Apparently satisfied, they danced on the tabletop in a fragment of moonlight - first a slow waltz, then a furious jig. One caught on fire, then was reborn from the ashes, passing the flames to the other, over and over in a blazing circle, and when they were both whole again, fled the table back into the confines of the drawer. Oliver gaped at the scene, bemused. "So what will you do?" asked a matter-of-fact voice. Oliver turned to look at the great horned owl sitting at the foot of her bed. "You," she sighed. "I guess I'm dreaming, again. Are you here to bear news?" The owl cocked his head to the side, peering at her with beady eyes. Oliver wished he would stop it, as his head looked oddly disjointed from his body. "I can be here to bear news," he finally said. "That depends on you. And news can go in more way than one." Oliver had no doubt that the news hinged on her decision over the letters inside the drawer. She felt a wave of pulsing anger. The owl was looking sternly at her as if she were a dull child dragging her feet to solve an easy problem. But Oliver had made her decision ages ago. If she had a way to contact Hogwarts, or an owl ready at her disposal, Oliver would have sent her letter already. What did the owl expect her to do, knock on every door in Great Britain? And news can go in more ways than one. Oliver paused. She did have an owl. Sitting right at the foot of her bed. Jumping out from under her covers, Oliver rushed to her desk and pulled out her letter with the mangled Queen Elizabeth stamp in the corner. With hope blossoming in her chest again, Oliver kissed the letter and placed it carefully inside the owl's pouch. "That'll go to Hogwarts, please," she said triumphantly, pleased to have solved the owl's riddle. The owl merely scratched a wing with his beak. "Are you ready for the news?" Oliver nodded her head vigorously. "Then open the window," the owl said, stretching out his feathers. Feeling a little miffed, Oliver walked to the window and yanked it open. She had barely finished her task when she heard a great whoosh and her feet lifting from the floor. In seconds, they were flying high above the houses with the crescent moon hanging just within their sights. The owl gripped her shoulders tightly with his claws, which were now significantly bigger with the rest of him, and his enlarged wings cast a fleeting shadow on the retreating world below. The cool night air whipped turbulently around them, and Oliver crowed in glee. So this is how it felt to fly, escaping in the skies and leaving everything else behind… The claws tightened on Oliver's shoulders. "Pay attention," the owl said. Pay attention to what? Oliver glanced below as she saw the familiar sights of the Big Ben and the Tower Bridge. They were flying over London! "Why are we here?" she yelled up to the owl through the buffeting winds. The owl flinched. "You do not need to screech, it is quiet here, as it always is." The owl was right. Despite the wind and the crowded streets below, Oliver could hardly hear a thing. Before she could ask about this peculiar phenomenon, however, the owl swerved sharply left towards the center of London. As they descended, Oliver could read the passing shops and signs. Tottenham Court. Luchino Caffe. Charing Cross Road. The owl finally dropped Oliver gently onto the street, in front of a shabby pub that looked like it was squeezed in between a bookshop and a record store. Several people passed in front, but Oliver had the odd feeling that they did not know the pub was there. As she approached closer, the people merely walked around her like water flowing around a rock. "Er, is this the right place?" The pub had no sign and seemed out of business. Oliver looked around for the owl, but he was nowhere to be seen. "Figures," Oliver muttered, as she marched huffily into the dark pub. One minute, her feet were on the ground, and the next, they were up in the air as Oliver felt herself falling into a murky blackness. As she lurched out of sleep, she heard the echoes of a hooting chuckle and the whispered words: the Leaky Cauldron .