friends. I cannot say I blame you. From what I could see in Sirius Black and Lily Evans's minds, they'll be excellent friends to you. I can't say that you belong in Gryffindor though. Oh yes, dear child, of course, you're a brave girl, but your boldness is hardly your primary quality. No, you're far too intelligent. This head is full of wit, curiosity, the desire to learn everything about some things and absolutely nothing about others. You're creative, original, accepting. No, you're not a Gryffindor. You belong in…" There was a moment's pause. "RAVENCLAW!" Cheers resounded from the Gryffindor table as blue and bronze stripes appeared on Maddie's formerly black tie. She saw Sirius waving at her, a hint of disappointment in his eyes as she went to sit at the Ravenclaw table. She plopped down beside another girl with wild, curly brown hair and incredibly thick glasses that made her dark green eyes look huge. The other girl tapped Maddie's shoulder, and she turned to her. "I'm Sybill Trelawney. Second year," she said, extending a hand. Maddie smiled at her and shook her hand. "Madeleine Gerard." McGonagall called, "Lupin, Remus." The scarred boy went and sat under the hat. It was a couple of minutes before the hat shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!" "McKinnon, Marlene." "GRYFFINDOR!" "Meadowes, Dorcas." "RAVENCLAW!" The brown haired girl raced to sit across from Maddie, who smiled at her before turning her attention back to the front of the room. "O'Brien, Trevor." "HUFFLEPUFF!" "Pettigrew, Peter." The hat sat on Peter's head for nearly ten minutes before it finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!" Remus and Sirius cheered louder than anyone else at the Gryffindor table as Peter ran over and sat down with the other first years. "Potter, James." The hat had barely touched James's head when it shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!" "Snape, Severus." The hat didn't waste time thinking. "SLYTHERIN!" "Vance, Emmeline." "GRYFFINDOR." The feast ended, and Maddie followed the prefect up to Ravenclaw tower along with the rest of the Ravenclaw first years. The prefect, a blonde boy named Dylan Owens, was saying, "Some of you might have met our House Ghost at dinner, the Gray Lady. She doesn't really talk to anyone but Ravenclaws, but she'll be very helpful if you get lost and need help finding your way around. You'll sleep well here; the beds are very comfortable, and the wind whistling around the windows is very relaxing." The group of students approached a bronze eagle knocker stuck to a wall that showed no signs of a door. "This knocker is the door to our common room. It will ask you a question, give you a riddle. If you answer it correctly, it will open the door into the common room. The riddles can be difficult, so triple check that you have everything you need every time you leave the house, especially if you're in a hurry. Don't stress if you don't know the answer, just wait around and work it out with your fellow Ravenclaws. The door also accepts multiple answers to the same question if the answer is well-reasoned and logical. Being a Ravenclaw isn't about being the smartest or the cleverest; it's about being willing to learn." Owens turned away and knocked with the eagle's handle on the wall. The eagle sprang to life and spoke. " I'm pleasing to the eye, A tool for many absent of mind, A tapestry of fickle lies, Blind to even the most pensive spies, I'm often the breeder of fervent lust, But I am by far one you shouldn't trust. What am I?" Owens turned back to the first years and said, "I'm not sure what the answer to this one is. Anyone have any ideas?" The first years talked among themselves as Maddie shifted her weight on her feet, biting her lip and tugging at the sleeve of her new Ravenclaw sweater. Maddie looked at Dorcas and whispered, "I haven't a clue." Dorcas thought for a moment, twisting a strand of wavy brown hair around her fingers. "I'm not sure. Maybe this looks harder than it is?" Maddie shrugged. Suddenly, Dorcas's eyes lit up and she started bouncing excitedly, sticking her hand in the air. "Oh, I know!" she exclaimed. Owens smiled at her and stepped aside, letting Dorcas step up to talk to the eagle. "Go for it," Owens said cheerfully. "Looks!" Dorcas exclaimed. "Looks are deceiving." The eagle replied, "Well reasoned." A door appeared in the wall and swung open. "Great job!" Owens cried. "Now all of your first years, up into your dormitories and off to bed." Just so everyone knows, we will not be lingering on childhoods very long in this story. I'm hoping to work my way up to sixth and seventh year very quickly. The rather extensive look at their younger years is simply to establish relationships and emotions and blah blah blah. You know, the stuff that makes for a good story haha. I also wanted to let everyone know that I will soon be opening an Etsy shop selling homemade crochet Hogwarts house scarves! As my skills improve, I will be expanding beyond scarves to hats and gloves and such, and I will be adding character themed items as well, but for now, just the four houses will have to satisfy. I intend to have this shop open within the next few days, and I will let you know how to find it! I will be offering special discounts to my loyal readers, naturally. I won't lie; the past year or so I've been having extreme money problems, and the stress from that has honestly been one of, if not the, biggest contributor to my lack of story updates. This means that by purchasing a scarf from me, you'll be fueling my two greatest passions, crocheting and writing, so you'll actually get more than just a scarf, you'll get more regular story updates. Keep an eye out for my story updates with more information on this exciting new venture!