hands over her face. "Fuck." he could only mutter as he began to kiss up her legs and then delved into her pussy, making her back arch off the bed as he stroked her clit with his tongue and teased her entrance with a finger. When he sank his finger into her, she was warm and wet and pulsing and he thought he was going to lose it. She was moaning so loudly that he was sure they would be heard in the rest of the house but part of him didn't care. The girl he had been fantasising about having in his bed was writhing beneath his touch, on the brink of orgasm. When he pulled his finger out, the Granger he knew was glaring at him. "Relax, Granger. I'm just getting started." It didn't take long for the rest of the safe house to find out that Granger and Malfoy were hooking up. Of course it didn't help that George walked in on them in the basement when they were supposed to be working. But while she would frequently allow him to play out her fantasies, she never let him in on how she felt about him. He didn't want to pressure her so he kept silent as well, and went along with the casual arrangement, hating that each time they were finished she would exit his room like she was being chased from it. He was working on a batch of Polyjuice when Remus Lupin sought him out. The man had aged a dozen years since the battle of Hogwarts that had taken his wife. It had almost killed him too but he had been lucky, although looking at him you wouldn't have thought he felt lucky. "We have some news of your parents. We have been able to recover Lucius Malfoy from one of the internment camps." Draco had stared at the man, stunned. He had almost accepted that he might never see his parents again, and now to be told that his father was safe with the Order, shook him. "Would you like us to bring him here?" Lupin had finally asked when it seemed Draco was struggling for words. He had thought about it for a second then nodded. Lucius Malfoy arrived at the safe house two days later, by portkey. He was skinnier than Draco had ever seen him with deep hollows beneath his eyes and the skin on his hands was cracked and bleeding. He had crumpled onto Draco when they had been reunited and despite the years Draco had spent questioning his feelings about the man before him, he had hugged him back just as tightly. He hadn't noticed Hermione hovering in the doorway. She was gone by the time he looked up. A week went by and Hermione stopped coming to the basement, and stopped visiting Draco's rooms. He knew why but it was still painful. He had always let her set the boundaries when it came to their arrangement; after all, she had been the one who wanted casual. His father had been moved not long after arriving when it emerged that he had some curse damage that, if left untreated, could become fatal. Draco's potions list had only expanded with his father's rescue from the internment camp. They had managed to rescue a few others on the mission and he was brewing potions that had never been covered at Hogwarts. Madam Pomfrey was praising him to the skies but Draco couldn't enjoy it. He missed Granger. He missed the way her hair spread across his pillow, how she would squirm when he went down on her and how she was unashamedly noisy when it came to her pleasure. It was midnight on a Tuesday and Draco knew he wasn't going to sleep. He put his book on his nightstand and rose from his bed as silently as he could. Hermione's bedroom was on the other side of the house but he could no longer let her call the shots. Not if he didn't have the chance to say how he felt first. She answered the door on his first knock, pulling him quickly into the room when they heard a noise in the corridor. "Hi." she muttered, pushing hair out of her eyes. She was dressed in an oversized t-shirt and a pair of pyjama trousers that were too big for her. Draco had never seen her look so beautiful. "What are you doing here?" "I need to ask you something." Draco leaned against the wall, and crossed his arms over his chest, trying to resist the urge to kiss her. "What?" "Was it just casual to you?" She looked surprised by the question and stared at him. "Well, wasn't it to you?" she finally retorted, crossing her own arms and giving him a fiery look. "Don't turn this on me, Granger. I asked you a question." "I don't know, ok." she finally muttered, sinking onto her bed and pushing a book out of the way. It landed with a dull thump on the floor. "How do you feel?" "I don't want casual, not with you." he replied without hesitation. If he didn't say what he wanted now, he never would. "I want everything. I want your good days and your bad, I want to know every little thing that happened to you in a day. I want you in my bed in the morning. Or me in yours. I'm not too bothered about what bed." Hermione was staring at him, her mouth slightly open. "Well?" Draco finally snapped. This was new territory for him. At Hogwarts, it had always been girls chasing him. It made him feel extremely vulnerable to be laying everything out and having her looking at him blankly. "What does that mean? Are you asking me to be your girlfriend?" she finally questioned. Draco ran a hand through his hair and nodded. He didn't get a verbal answer but her kiss was answer enough.