directing the remark at a nearby bronze of Henry V. "Don't you think? Well, Harry, let me know when your game is ready. I bet it'll be worth playing." "I'll send you an early release," Harry promised. All in all, it was a very nice birthday – followed by the longest month of Harry's life. Oh, he had plenty to do – more, really, than he could possibly find time for. But no matter how busy he stayed, the minutes and hours and days seemed to pass at a snail's pace. He read all of his school books, and then he read a number of history books, and then he read arithmancy books – a subject not unlike maths except that it had magic numbers and auspicious geometry. He worked on his game a bit here and there, although his introduction to a real magical world seemed to take a bit of the wind out of his sails for creating his own fantasy world. He spoke to Hermione on the phone often, and they compared notes, and she read to him over the phone all the mentions she had found of him in books, since she had purchased several books on modern history. He made several more trips to Diagon Alley, buying more books and clothes and a few random things that caught his eye. But in spite of all of the activity, the month somehow seemed to dragged on and on. On the last day of August, Harry's relatives treated him to a dinner at a trendy teppanyaki place, and they had a great time – but even then, Harry couldn't help but look at his watch every few minutes, amazed at how little time had passed, how little the distance between the present and 10:00 AM the following day had closed. He knew that he would not feel like this if he were going to Eton College. That night, he stared up at his ceiling, illuminated wonderfully orangely and in stripes by the streetlights that filtered through his pinewood Venetian blinds, feeling his anticipation flirting with the bounds of outright anxiety, and a strange series of images played vividly before his glassesless eyes: a green light, two oblong red orbs, soundlessly swimming, growing further and closer and away again, spiraling upwards into a tunnel he fell down into. Drowsiness wooled his perception. A wolf – a vase shattering – someone screaming – numbers of no discernible function – stars shimmering stunningly in the blue sky of day – a clawed hand, grasping at his heart, fingers all cold – escaping, fleeing, going nowhere, not escaping – Somehow, he fell asleep. And then it was September – September, September – in his barely-awake mind, it wasn't just September, but September, September, September – He had things to do. He got out of bed and showered and put everything out of his mind; the trance-inducing hot water on his face not cleansing him, but separating him from whatever that had been. He felt strange, but he no longer knew why. He ate breakfast – eggs and toast. It tasted the same as always. He considered the salt, but only came to the conclusion that the eggs needed it after the meal was done. "You're gone," Dudley said. The first words he heard that day. He realized that he was in a daze as he snapped out of it "What?" "After today, you're going to be gone for the whole year," his cousin said. "Yeah, I suppose so. Well, there's Christmas break." A wolf – "I hope our breaks are at the same time," Dudley said. "Christmas break is always at the same time, Dud," he replied, laughing. Why was he laughing – why was it strange that he was laughing – His cousin laughed too. "Yeah, I guess it is." Some time passed. He was packing his computer – his new one, beige instead of gray, the latest processor. His aunt came into his room. She looked at it pointedly, and Harry thought it would be nice if she offered a hand with it, but she said instead, "What do you plan to do with that?" "What do you mean?" "There's no electricity at Hogwarts." Harry blinked. Then he blinked again, three times. And then he blinked. And he said, "What?" "You won't be able to use those things there." It seemed as though he were still trying to process the meaning of the phrase "no electricity at Hogwarts," the words echoing louder and louder in a strange spiral that reminded him of a wolf, when he found himself at King's Cross Station, standing before a great pillar of yellow bricks. "You just go through there," his aunt told him, pointing at the pillar. It looked unyielding. "Okay," he said. "Well. Okay. I'll see you Christmas. Thank you." "Be safe," his aunt said again. Again? That's right – she had said that a dozen times, now. The car ride over started to enter his memory, jarring its sharply pointed way into his mind. "I will," he said, and he offered his aunt his best smile, and his teary cousin a sloppy little salute, and he walked through the brick wall. The Dursley family, who value normalcy above all else, would of course never dream of keeping their orphan nephew in a cupboard when they have a perfectly good spare room in addition to the guest room Marge frequently stays in. Nor would they resort to screaming loud enough for their neighbors to hear under any circumstances, nor would they make a spectacle of their orphan nephew by dressing him poorly or working him excessively, or do anything else to call attention to him. They treated him not amazingly well, no. But they treated him as a human being, a family member who had some kind of value, even if they didn't want him. Just that little bit – what could it do? Thank you for checking out my story. Cheers!