single-colored hair, noticed, then followed the younger girl's gaze to Harry. The older woman — the mother, Harry guessed — grabbed her daughter's shoulder. She said something, then pushed on the girl's shoulder. Reluctantly, the girl turned away, her hair turning fiery red in the process. They didn't go anywhere, as they appeared to be waiting for someone. Harry kept watching them, and apparently she knew she was still being watched, if her occasional glance his way was any indication. Finally, she full-on stared back at him. Without breaking eye-contact, she warped her face and shortened her hair, taking on a masculine appearance. He gave her a thumbs up. The girl stomped towards the pasty shop door. Her mother, noticing her leave, trailed after her. The girl entered the building and marched right up to him. "Something funny, mister? Because your staring is creeping me out. Stop it." "I was just curious." Harry's voice came out rough and warbled, with an inhuman note to it that no amount of shapeshifting seemed able to rid him of. "Is that a spell, or are you able to change your appearance naturally?" "Naturally. I'm a metamorphmagus." Harry recognized the term from his book, but knew little about what it meant. "Oh. That's nice." "And now you know, so you can stop staring now." "Alright." Making a snap decision, Harry opened his other four eyes, letting their glow punch through his shadows. "I won't stare." He closed the extra eyes again, but by then, she'd seen them. As had her mother, who'd just entered. He turned back to look out the window, deliberately ignoring their reaction. The girl didn't take too kindly to being ignored like that, and grabbed his shoulder. Harry looked at her just in time to see confusion spread across her face and feel a pleasurable, inviting warmth from her hand. "Ugh, what the hell is your robe made of?" "Living skin," Harry replied honestly. She tried to pull her hand away in disgust, but found it stuck fast to Harry. "Hey! I'm stuck!" Despite her struggling, her hand started sinking into his body. Harry could taste her through his skin. The salt of her sweat complimented her flavor well, making her one of the better things he'd ever tasted. He wanted to eat her — the little pasty was hardly enough — but reluctantly let her go when her mother drew her wand. His skin, still with an impression of her hand, flowed back into its proper shape. Her mother gripped her other hand. "Nymphadora, come." The woman dragged the girl away. Harry watched her go. "Alright, that settles it," a man next to Harry spoke, "you're officially the creepiest bloke I've ever met." "I admit, I try." Harry chuckled a bit. "I don't like people thinking I'm weak." The man hummed. He then pulled out a notepad and a quill from a pocket that was too small to have held either, and jotted something down. "That's not a bad reason, all things considered." He finished writing, then stuck out his hand in an offered greeting. "Adam Boot, journalist by trade a but novelist at heart." "Call me James. I'm new here..." Harry shook the man's hand, deliberately forcing his skin not to stick to the man. He'd known he could taste with his skin in his demon form, but he rarely got the opportunity to touch living people in this body. Nymphadora's unusually good flavor had caught him off guard, and now he was hungry for flesh again. Adam's taste was nearly as good, so it was a struggle to make his skin act like ordinary skin. "Ah. Well, Diagon Alley is probably the best place in London for everything magical you could need. There's Horizont Alley too, and Carkitt Market, both down that way." He pointed to their left. "And Knockturn Alley that way." He pointed right. "But Knockturn isn't the sort of place respectable people go, and it's basically a deathtrap at night for the average bloke." "I see," Harry replied, silently noting the name for further investigation. He wondered if there would be things worthwhile for him down that way. "Anyway, just thought you ought to know." "Thanks." "Odd question here, but do you mind if I use your look? I'm writing a book, and, well, the whole 'living skin cloak, face hidden by shadows, glowing eyes' thing is really quite brilliant." Adam smiled hopefully. "It'd make for a good villain." "Go ahead," Harry replied, flattered. They talked for a bit, with Harry asking questions about the local area and community expand his base knowledge so he wouldn't end up looking like a fool. But by the time they went their separate ways, Harry had gotten Adam's address and a standing invitation to write him any time. Somehow, he'd become friends with a human. He chuckled at that. Harry's figured it was a bit like a human becoming friends with a treacle tart. The evening came, and upon recommendation, he'd gotten a room for himself at the Leaky Cauldron. But he hadn't paid for it. After testing to see if his hypnosis spell worked on the owner, Tom, and confirming that it did, Harry had commandeered a room for himself. With runes of blood painted on the door, the walls, the floor, the ceiling, and the windowsill, Harry effectively erased the room from the memory of anyone who saw the door. The other runes were there to give him a degree of privacy. Now in private, Harry shifted back to his more natural form. His body radically increased in size while his excess skin shrank back into place. Fur spread across his body, while the horns on his head grew back to their proper size and the spines that had been flattened on his back stood to their proper shapes. The vaguely feline beast climbed up onto the bed and curled around so that his tail was tucked under his head. He fell asleep almost instantly.