good night in with dad." The young couple leaves the older couple's house and head down the street. When they get to an empty alleyway, they step inside and Harry disapperates, taking them to a little café that was in one of the side alleys off of Diagon. As they have dinner, Harry feels his nerves growing and then when he sees the journalists in the door of the café, he decides that this isn't the time or place. He doesn't want this moment to be ruined by the leeches. Catching Hermione's attention, he glances at the door, then back to her and tilts his head ever so slightly. Hermione, bless her, catches on quickly and nods. The two of them get up from their table and head toward the back, catching their waitress and paying before leaving through the back of the building. A moment later and they apperate into Grimmauld place. "Well, that was going well until the leeches showed up," Hermione says. She'd picked up Harry's name for them and hadn't even tried to stop calling the reporters that. Harry gives a chuckle and the two of them head into the sitting room. When Hermione sits in one of the chairs, she instantly pulls off her heels and begins to rub her feet. She's more used to heels than she used to be, but they still bother her after having worn them all day at work. Harry takes over and massages her feet, allowing her to relax back into the chair. Getting an idea, Harry flicks his wand and the wireless turns on, its music playing gently in the background. Hermione smiles at the song, remember that it was one that they'd danced together with at both the Yule ball and during their camping trip. Harry coughs, getting her attention. Hermione blinks and sits up slightly, her eyebrows furrowing at why he's still kneeling. "You know, I don't know if I realized it at the time, probably not," Harry says, "but I started to fall for you when you came down the stairs right before the Yule ball." Hermione smiles. "I'm positive that you didn't realize it at that point." Harry gives a lopsided grin. "Yeah, don't think so, which is rather unfortunate, because then we could've had more time to be a couple. Things have worked out, and I'm hoping they will again. I promised you back in sixth year that I wouldn't let you fall. And I promise the same thing to you now." Hermione's smiling slightly, but she looks confused. He can tell that she's wondering what's going on with this and where this little speech is coming from. He's never going to tell her that he had another one planned out, one that sounded much cornier and much less like him. Harry takes a deep breath and pulls the box from his pocket. He lifts the lid and then glances up, nerves, hope, and love written clearly across his face. "Hermione, would you marry me?" Hermione's eyes widen and she seems to stop breathing. Harry waits, his nerves starting to take a greater hold with the silence. It takes him a moment to notice that she's slid forward and is now even with him. She hasn't even looked at the ring. Harry swallows, expecting her to say no. Expecting her to say that she's sorry, but that she can't. And that's when she hugs him. "Yes," Hermione says, her voice breathy. "Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, from now until beyond eternity. Yes." December 21st 2000 Many people were slightly confused as to why they'd picked today. Hermione and Harry had just smiled and told anyone who asked that they wouldn't have picked any other day for anything. The wedding guest book had four pictures on it. One of Hermione with her parents, one of Harry with Sirius, the one of Harry and Hermione sleeping on the Library couch in Grimmauld place, and the final one of the night that Harry had proposed a year ago. Harry is standing up by the alter, wearing a muggle three-piece suit, his tie a bottle green. It was the same color that he'd worn to the Yule ball. A single white lily was in his lapel, held there by a clip fashioned after a stag's antler. His tie was held in place with a rather unique tie pin and pocket watch chain combination. The pin head holding the tie and the pin head holding the chain onto his shirt pocket had canine paw prints to them. He looked into the crowd and saw Mrs. Granger. She gave him a watery smile and nodded. Before he could look at anyone else, the music begins and the procession of bride maids and groomsmen begins. Harry doesn't really see any of them, his eyes pinned to the archway. When Hermione steps through, his breath catches and he wouldn't have been able to hide his smile if he'd wanted to. She's wearing a muggle brides gown, but, rather than a veil, was also wearing a periwinkle blue cloak. She was holding a bouquet of calla lilies, which was her and her mother's favorite flower. Her hair is done in a similar style to when she'd gone to the yule ball. She blushes slightly, smiling at Harry. His heart jumps into his throat and he's just overwhelmed with the love he has for this woman and the awe that she loves him just as much in return. Hermione and her father reach the end of the aisle and Hermione gives her father a peck on the cheek before stepping up alongside Harry. "Hello beautiful." "Hello love." AN/ This oneshot is for Onyx Obsidian. I hope you've enjoyed it! Anyway, this is obviously AU and I hope you all like it. I don't really write romance-y type stuff, so I kind of surprised myself when this was the first thing that popped into my head. Anyway, let me know what you think!