you wanted to continue your last year here. I tried to keep my distance, showing myself only at the meals. The fact that you were on the mind of almost everyone present in the Great Hall didn't help either; and I couldn't help following you on your patrols, never revealing myself. And tonight, when you didn't show up, I was desperate and when I thought it was you in that corner, I just lost it…" After an initial shutdown, her brain kicked off into its logical mode. Severus Snape. The man, who was essentially responsible for the defeat of Voldemort, for her being still alive, for the wizarding world to still function. The man, who had captured her mind since her fifth year, who she had never hoped to have even in her wildest dreams, who had subconsciously held her attention specially after the war. The same man was now confessing to her that she was his deepest desire. It was the best thing that could've ever happened to her. Severus Snape seemed to take the blank, concentrated look on Hermione's face to be of disapproval. His voice was blank again when he said, "I know that you would have your own preference, and I won't force anything upon you. The Mirror of Erised is reputed to have ruined so many lives, and I certainly won't let it ruin yours." Hermione noted the passion with which he spoke the last sentence. "You are so beautiful, accomplished and young; and I wouldn't assume you to also want…" He was interrupted by Hermione, who had planted a swift kiss on his lips, dragging his head down hastily to deepen the kiss. When they broke apart, she pulled his hands into hers and looked into his deep black eyes. "I never really knew what I wanted, until now. I am sure of one thing, I want you ." Severus was about to protest when Hermione put a restraining finger on his lips, "No, it's not just because of what you said, or because of any pity. Look for yourself." Hermione removed her Occlumency shield, and Severus could now read her longing in her thoughts. He wasted no time in pulling her back to himself and kissing her with all his passion. Hermione responded likewise and soon they were fumbling with each other's clothes; which to their annoyance they both found difficult to remove. Sighing they broke apart and proceeded to take off their own clothing, without much delay. "Perfect." They muttered at the same time, eyeing one another. As soon as the clothes were out of their way, they attacked each other; kissing and touching every part of the body they found. Hermione found that Severus's hands felt coarse, not smooth; on her soft skin. And yet, his every touch seemed to ignite a fire wherever his hands went. Between the kissing, biting and moaning; she was aroused in no time. She took her own chance in tracing every bit of Severus's pale skin, and found him surprisingly well built. She earned a groan from him when her hands reached his erection, and she stroked it gently. His size and girth was impressive, and she couldn't help increasing her pace as she caressed it. His breathing was visibly labored but he succeeded in removing her hand from his cock and laid her down on the forest floor. The forest didn't feel rough on her back like she had expected, he'd probably done a Cushioning charm. He knelt between her knees and bent down to claim her breasts, fondling them gently with his hands. Soon his mouth claimed her nipples and she arched when he sucked one of them hard. He continued his torment on them despite Hermione's groans for mercy, till they were firm and elongated to his satisfaction. "You are exquisite, Hermione." His rough voice made Hermione's stomach flip. Hermione felt his hot mouth on her once again, while his hands wandered down to her slim waist, tracing her skin roughly. His right hand went on to hold her head while the left went down between her legs. She moaned in his mouth when he slid a finger inside her already wet pussy, after gently massaging her clitoris. He moved inside her steadily, and Hermione groaned in pleasure when another finger slithered inside her core. His movements grew more and more wild and when he proceeded to bite in the small of her neck, she reached her climax. Her walls pulsed around his fingers and her body shuddered against him. He found her mouth again, capturing her cries of ecstasy in his own. When she relaxed, he kissed her again, gentle and warm. Hermione deepened their kiss, pulling him down and flipping him over. Her hand moved down on him and found his erection again. She ran her hand along his length and began stroking his cock gently. It grew stiff and warm under her ministrations and the satisfied moans that escaped him when she applied pressure, filled her with pleasure. She made the mistake of moaning against his mouth, breaking him from his reverie. He wasted no time in taking over the control and in one strong thrust he was inside her. Hermione had never felt so complete before; of course she only had a handful of experiences regarding sex to compare with. Severus was plunging hard into her, all his pent up need coming to surface. She screamed when she came and he followed soon after, both lay on the grass entwined together staring at the starry sky. After a while, Hermione spoke, "You know, you could've chosen a better place than the Forest." She heard a hearty chuckle, and realized that it was the first time she had heard Severus Snape laugh. "You choose the place then, the next time, love." He said, smirking. "Actually, I already have one in mind." Hermione said, thinking about her currently vacant house, as her parents were yet to move back from Australia.