the music that played increased her nerves. Rosalee hadn't been around other people, much less a large crowd like this, who hadn't been trying to kill her in ages, and she wasn't quite sure how to conduct herself in this strange new reality, so she instead chose to place herself in the most strategically optimal corner of the room out of habit and let herself drink alone. She had sat in that spot for around an hour when Remus came over and sat down beside her. He smiled at her as he sat down, and Rosalee couldn't help but find his younger, but still familiar, face comforting. Rosalee nodded at him, and his smile broadened. "Hey, Rosalee," he called above the music. "Why so alone?" Rosalee shrugged. "Large crowds make me nervous. Not being able to hear myself think makes me even more nervous," she answered honestly. Remus nodded. "Yeah, I get that," he replied easily. "These parties are fun, but usually a bit too loud for me." Rosalee smirked to herself as she imagined that the young werewolf's sense of hearing was probably heightened due to his lycanthropy; Remus probably wasn't much more comfortable at the party than she was. She drank a generous amount of the remaining firewhiskey, and Remus asked, "Do you want to get away from this? Sirius likes to think that anything can be fixed by copious amounts of alcohol and large groups of people, but I've always found a friend or two and some peace and quiet suit me better." Rosalee thought about it for a moment, then nodded. "Sounds great," she said loudly. She stood up to follow Remus wherever he led her, surprised when she felt a rush of heat run down her spine and stumbled slightly, Remus easily catching her by the elbow and setting her on her feet properly. He smiled in amusement as her face turned red. "Sorry, guess I've had a little more firewhiskey than I thought," Rosalee apologized. Remus laughed softly, and Rosalee more felt his laughter vibrating through his hold on her elbow than heard it as he gently led her to the stairs up to the boys' dormitories. He answered easily as they climbed the stairs, "It's all right. Sirius and James get much worse. I doubt you'll want to go to your dorm tonight; Lily will be up there complaining and throwing an absolute fit over this, but James is Head Boy, so the fact that she's Head Girl doesn't hold as much sway over him and his antics as she probably hoped. I'll happily let you stay in my bed tonight and take one of the couches in the common room after things quiet down though." As Remus talked, the volume of his voice gradually decreased as the music in the common room slowly grew quieter as they climbed up to the top of the stairs, where the Marauders' dorm awaited their arrival. Rosalee let herself lean lightly against Remus's shoulder as he paused to open the door. "Yeah, I don't think I'm ready to face Lily Potter just yet if she's going to be like that," Rosalee mumbled. Remus laughed. "James's last name is Potter," he corrected. "Lily's is Evans, although I'm sure James would probably die of happiness to hear his name attached to her." Rosalee's mouth fell open, horrified at her slip of the tongue. "Oops," she said softly, unable to think of anything else to say. Remus smiled as he directed her to sit down on his bed. "It's all right," he said as he gently took the nearly empty bottle of firewhiskey from Rosalee's hand. Rosalee frowned at the loss of her drink but didn't comment. Remus set it on the nightstand and sat down on the bed beside her. "How are you doing?" he asked. Rosalee shrugged. "Everything's different," she began slowly. "Everyone I ever knew is gone, or…" she paused, managing to stop herself from revealing too much this time. "It's just different," she sniffed, holding back a sudden onslaught of tears. She knew that Professor Dumbledore had told her not to worry about whether or not she changed things, that most likely things were already so different that the world she grew up in was gone and would never be, so she should just live her life and be happy. It was hard to think that things would never happen the way they had in her life to the people she knew and loved, though. Some things she was grateful could be different, but others worried her. Remus nodded as though he understood what she meant. "How long has it been since they died?" he asked, tenderly placing a hand on her knee. Rosalee answered, "I don't know. Feels like it was just yesterday. This is just…" She shook her head. "Everything's new, but it all still feels the same. Everything's just messed up." Remus patted her knee, unsure of how to comfort the girl with chin length hair the color of wheat. "I'm sorry," he said as reassuringly as he could. "Is there anything my friends or I can do to help?" Rosalee thought for a moment. "Sirius is a huge flirt, isn't he?" she asked curiously. Remus laughed softly. "He's an odd one, but yeah, you could say that," he answered. "He flirts with everyone, including James and me sometimes, but he never means it. He gets very, well, serious, when he's actually interested in someone. Sure, there's still flirting, but there's just a different tone to it. If he ever means it, you'll know." Rosalee nodded. "Ok," she breathed. "Can you just convince him to keep the play flirting to a minimum? I'd hate to have to hex him." "I think I can manage that," Remus replied when he finished laughing before giving Rosalee a hug. Reviews are loved and cherished! Please please leave some! The more reviews I get, the faster the next chapter will be up! Lots of Love, WildestDreams72394