and her magic was like a bolt of energy, and he fainted. He opened his eyes and she was smiling at him. Her words weaved desire, and desire turned to need, Ernest found himself obeying her voice and his need to express the repressed feelings he developed for McGonagall and Albus Dumbledore. Minerva tasted as crystallized oranges and Albus of Honey and lemons, they both smelled like incense, wax and parchment, the more he kissed, the less satisfaction he felt, he was hungry for them, crazy, and the desire was slowly eroding all his prejudice. Ernest had always treated them like dirt under his shoe, and now the two of them were sharing skin, heat, madness with him, and all he could do was cry, the pleasure of dreams becoming real had the power of a spiritual awakening, and just like a newborn babe his lament announced to the universe that he was alive. Then Minerva smiled, while licking with such loving devotion the hard staff of Albus' dick, she added as though she was a toddler inviting another one to push on her swing: "What are you waiting for?" He found himself buried deep. Minerva gasped, and Albus said to him: "Gently Ernest, she is still young, like a unicorn foal, curious and generous. Caress her back, feel her breasts, press your fingers through the tips, and lick her back, then thrust steady, enjoy and cherish her." Minerva felt tears clouding her vision, and she resumed her oral touch to Dumbledore's impressive member, she fondled the skin of his testicles and then her tongue found his corona, and ultimately covered his erection with her lips, relaxed her jaw, breathing through her nose and bobbed. Albus began thrusting to, and she moaned, eliciting a reaction on both her lovers, the two of them, increased their tempo and Ernest's fingers found her mound, then the hood of her clit and started to rub. Minerva jumped and Ernest knew this was a good thing, but asked: "Are you okay?" Minerva moaned again, and Ernest continued rubbing gently, but firmly, until her body started trembling, milking his cock, oh it was heaven. Albus could not hold on and said to Minerva: "I'm going to come, let go." Minerva denied and pushed a finger into his rectum and rolled it, and Albus shattered, in a roar of liquid madness, and just behind him Ernest met up. Minerva felt trapped by the arms of strong lovers, the experience on one, and the enthusiasm on the other. The motion of desire, like jellyfish on the ocean, propelling an organism towards light, from the depths, into the fire of the sun, in sweat and tears, in body fluids and the fragrance of the sea, the three of them in simultaneous bliss. The three shared a bath, and took turns making love to each other, by the end, Albus and Minerva had transfigured a bed on the prefect's bath, and were holding and stroking one another. Ernest was still very emotional, and both Albus and Minerva understood now, where all the animosity originated. Ernest did not want to let go of either of them, but the transfiguration teacher and McGonagall knew that the relation could not be formalized. It broke Minerva's heart to see Ernest cry like a wounded pup, and it made her realized how very delicate the balance of love and desire was in all relationships; sex was a weapon that wounded both the giver and the recipient, if there was a feeble base, from the start. It was then that Ernest said in a defeated tone of voice: "I'm sorry Minerva, I'm so sorry I was bonafide prick to you… I couldn't understand for a long time why. Now I do, I fell in love with you, I fell in love with both of you." Tears were rolling over his cheeks. "You made me so happy, and I will forever be grateful for that, but I cannot pretend this didn't happen, continue as though I hate you both"… "Because I don't"…. "You did gave me a choice earlier tonight, you can take the picture of my dick, and I can take the picture of you to… we can make it as though I won a stupid trivia deal, and professor you can hide your face… and after all this pointless conversation… just obliviate me… because knowing that I had you, and then I lost you… it's just too much, so please, have mercy on me?" Minerva cried: "I'm so sorry Ernest, I should have just punched you, and then maybe tried to drown you, and then sent you back into the snake's den" Ernest laughed and sobbed again. Dumbledore kissed him, and then Minerva, and then he questioned Ernest: "Are you sure about this Ernest?" Finch-Fletchley nodded and added: "Yeah, it's for the greater good." Dumbledore's breath hitched, but then accepted. He raised his wand and said: "Obliviate!" A couple of days later, Finch was again having breakfast in the great hall when a package materialized in front of him. Riddle tried snatching it, but got a burn for his attempt, and made all the gryffs laugh at his face of shock. Finch read the note: "For your eyes only Finch, happy belated birthday!... M and A." Finch smiled, got up, went to the bathroom, and opened in the stall. "Oh my fucking god!" Followed by: "Woohoo! I won, I won, I won!" Once he got back to the great hall, several of his peers looked in wonder. He just shrugged and resumed eating. On the other side of the hall, two Gryffindors acquired a lovely shade of crimson on their complexions. McGonagall though was quite taken with the book she was reading. Of course she was looking at the picture of Ernest Finch-Fletchley's award winning dick, but no one knew, except for the old goat with twinkling blue eyes, at the staff table. But again, like she said, everybody is entitled to their secrets.