bloody hell away from my daughter, Padfoot." Quinn ran to the nearest window at the mention of the name "Padfoot." She hadn't heard the name in years. Looking outside, Quinn saw that the dog was gone, and in its place stood a man in tattered prison robes with wild black wavy hair and a pale, gaunt face. She barely heard the man say, "Moony, please, listen to me. I'm innocent; I can explain." Remus growled threateningly, "I don't want to hear about how bloody great and powerful your blasted Dark Lord is to convince you to betray James and Lily or murder Peter and those Muggles. Leave. Now." Unable to help herself, Quinn slipped quietly out the front door again as Sirius Black replied coolly, "Remus, it wasn't like that. It was never like that. I'm telling you, I'm innocent, and if you'd just give me the chance I could prove it." Remus snapped, "I'm not giving you the chance to do anything. Get out of here before I change my mind about calling the Aurors. The only reason I don't in the first place is so Quinn doesn't have to see you arrested." Quinn moved forward, but still stayed behind Remus, watching everything curiously and casting concerned glances at Remus occasionally. Sirius tilted his head slightly as Quinn's movement caught his attention. "She's my daughter too, you know. I think I have the right to try to convince her of my innocence," he said softly as Quinn's grey eyes met his for a few seconds before she looked down at the scruff on his face. "You will do no such thing," Remus shouted, making Quinn and Sirius both flinch. Remus snarled, "The only reason your filthy name is still attached to my baby girl is so that Gringotts doesn't revoke her right to access your vault so she can have things like clothes and schoolbooks, because Merlin knows I can't pay for them with the kind of jobs I've been able to get. That's the closest to parenting I'm ever letting you get to. If I didn't know that you'd most likely get the Dementor's Kiss right here and now if I called the Aurors, I'd call them, but I don't want Quinn to see that. If I ever see you within ten kilometers of my little girl ever again, I'll kill you myself. Get out." At the mention of the Dementor's Kiss, Quinn had shivered, and Sirius's eyes had grown wide with fear. Quinn bit her lip and fidgeted nervously. Sirius took notice of Quinn's growing anxiety and smirked slightly, drawling, "I don't think Quinn likes it when Mummy and Daddy fight, Remus." Sirius nodded in Quinn's direction, and Quinn turned bright red as Remus turned, shocked to find Quinn standing behind him again. "Quinn!" Remus exclaimed. "What are you bloody doing? I told you to go inside; that included staying inside. Get back in the house, now." Quinn shifted her weight between her feet nervously, and she couldn't bring herself to meet Remus's gaze. "But, Dad," she mumbled. "He says he's innocent." Remus didn't have to look at Sirius to know he would be grinning from ear to ear, but he turned his attention sharply back to the escaped prisoner anyway to make sure he couldn't steal his wand away from him. Sirius was indeed grinning triumphantly at the werewolf. Remus scowled and snapped at Quinn, "Like hell he's innocent. Quinn, you and I can talk in the house as soon as he's gone. He's not staying here though. Black, get the hell out of here before I do something in front of Quinn that I'll regret." Sirius turned his grey eyes on Quinn and winked at her, and she couldn't help the warmth she felt spreading in her chest and the slight smile on her face. "Fine, Moony," Sirius said softly. "For her sake, I'll go. I'll find a way to convince you of my innocence somehow though; you'll see. Wormtail's the real traitor, and I'll prove it. You'll see." With that, Sirius shifted into a large black dog again, barking once and wagging his tail at Quinn before turning and running off into the night. Remus sighed with relief when Sirius was gone and turned to Quinn, who waited nervously for her punishment for disobeying and not staying in the house. Instead, Remus pulled her to him in a tight hug and kissed the top of her head. Quinn could feel Remus trembling slightly and hugged him back, squeezing as hard as she could. Remus buried his face in her hair and breathed her scent in deeply, reassuring himself that his little girl was safe. After a few minutes standing like that, Remus murmured affectionately, "Come on, Quinn. I think that was enough of an ordeal for both of us tonight. I'm not going to punish you for wanting to get a closer look of the other man who's last name you're forced to wear. Let's just get inside, all right? I'll make us some hot chocolate, and we can curl up on the couch and read, yeah?" Quinn smiled against her father's chest. "Ok, Dad. That sounds wonderful." Letting her take a step back, Remus left an arm wrapped around Quinn and walked with her into the house. As he made the hot chocolate in the kitchen, Quinn watched him from the couch in the living room. In the small house, the two rooms were practically one, but neither father or daughter minded. As Remus brought the hot drink over and handed one to Quinn, she said timidly, "He didn't seem evil to me, Dad." Remus sighed as he sat down, draping an arm over the back of the couch. "He never has," Remus muttered darkly. "But he's probably the most evil man out there, aside from the Dark Lord himself." "I know," Quinn whispered. "But he doesn't seem it." Remus kissed Quinn's forehead. "I know, little pup. I know." Reviews are greatly appreciated!