the tip, offered it to us. "My wand's a very agreeable fellow; it works decently for just about everyone who picks it up. We might not get spectacular results, but you have bigger problems if it doesn't work at all." We gratefully and very carefully took the wand, cradling it out of fear that the slightest twitch would snap it like our own. Immediately, we felt a surge of energy through our body, though nothing like what getting our original wand was like. Rather than an overwhelming flood of power, it was more like six rivers of power. The first, yet smallest, river went from our heart to our claws and into the wand. The other five roared down our spines from our head to our chest, where they mixed, then shot back up to our heads and our mouths. " WHOA!" "Umm..." "That was..." "Weird." "i was going to say scary..." "SCARY? THAT FELT GOOD!" "Volume, Red." "sᴏʀʀʏ." "Mister Potter?" We weren't exactly listening. Under Blue's lead, we raised the wand and gave it a flick. "Lumos!" Blue exclaimed. To our short-lived delight, light did appear at our command. We were still wizards! Our delight turned to bemusement when we realized where the light was coming from: Green's mouth. "Why isss my tongue glowing? And why can I tassst ssshiny?" " I WANT TO TRY! COLOVARIA!" Yellow promptly vomited red onto Green, staining his scales to match Red's. " Gah! What did— bloody hell, I'm hideousss! Change me back!" " NOW YOU'RE A PROPER GRYFFINDOR DRAGON!" "Please don't make me spew even more colors." "What the hell is going on?!" Blue demanded, hoping someone, anyone, would explain. Over the noise of the continued debate between Red and Green over the merits of red and green, respectively, Flitwick remarked, "I do believe that you're completely bypassing my wand in your casting. Do you mind if I...?" He motioned to the wand still in our claws. We returned the wand, internally relaxing once the fragile and valuable tool was free from our grip. "Now," Flitwick instructed, "Could you try casting again? Just do everything you would do if you had the wand." " Colovaria!" Green hissed angrily. Unfortunately, the green came out of Grey's mouth, which was closed at the time. Grey spluttered and spat, trying to wipe the unexpected flavor off his now Slytherin-green tongue. Our charms professor chuckled and waved his wand, dispelling the color-changing charms from us. "I do believe this is the most spectacular misfiring of that charm I have ever seen. On the bright side, it seems you have somehow completely surpassed the need for a wand." " Not completely. It was much easssier with the wand, even if we did not ussse it," Green hissed. "Is that so? Interesting. Unfortunately, I do not know enough about wandlore to explain why that might be. We should ask Mr. Ollivander when we have the chance," Flitwick replied. With a wave of his wand, he conjured a simple chair for himself, which he placed directly in front of where we were lounging. " We do not want to ssspeak with him," Green said. "We are hesssitant to ssspeak with anybody we don't really need too. We can cassst ssspellsss. Why bother?" "I can understand your hesitation, but frankly, I do not know what happened to you, nor have I even heard of anything even remotely like this," Flitwick explained. "In order to research your condition, it behooves us to know as much as possible." " I SAY—" Red paused, then restarted at a lower volume. "ɪ sᴀʏ ᴡᴇ ᴅᴏ ɪᴛ. ɪ ᴋɴᴏᴡ ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ʀᴇsᴛ ᴏꜰ ʏᴏᴜ ᴅᴏ ɴᴏᴛ ᴡᴀɴᴛ ᴛᴏ ʟᴇᴛ ᴛᴏᴏ ᴍᴀɴʏ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ᴋɴᴏᴡ ᴡʜᴀᴛ ᴡᴇ ᴀʀᴇ, ʙᴜᴛ sᴏᴏɴᴇʀ ᴏʀ ʟᴀᴛᴇʀ, ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ᴀʀᴇ ɢᴏɪɴɢ ᴛᴏ ꜰɪɴᴅ ᴏᴜᴛ. ɪꜰ ᴡᴇ ᴅᴏ ɪᴛ ɴᴏᴡ, ᴡᴇ ᴀᴛ ʟᴇᴀsᴛ ɢᴇᴛ ᴀ ʜᴇᴀᴅ sᴛᴀʀᴛ ᴏɴ ᴀɴsᴡᴇʀs." " either way, this is going to end badly," mumbled Grey. "There's no rush," Professor Flitwick commented. "Think about it. Meanwhile, while we wait for Hagrid to get back with professor McGonagall—" "I'm here!" the Scottish witch herself declared from just outside the Great Hall. "Now let's— Sweet Merlin, Potter! Hagrid," — The giant entered the hall just behind her. We hadn't noticed that he'd left again after bringing Professor Flitwick. — "you failed to mention just how big he was." "I think he's grown a few inches since I've been in the room, Minerva," Flitwick quipped, much to our surprise. "That fast? That's faster than we were expecting." " We don't have much of a frame of reference," Green replied. "But what did you expect?" Blue chuckled. "I don't think we're going to fit into the Gryffindor tower anymore, Professor McGonagall.' "Fitting inside is the least of my worries," she said. "I'm more concerned that you'd accidentally inhale a first year." "And the furniture," Flitwick added. To demonstrate, he levitated one of the broken chairs brought in by the house elves in range of our mouths. Red gleefully snapped it out of the air with a wicked crunch. "Oh my." "Ya sure you should be feedin him that, Filius?" Hagrid asked. " ɪᴛ ɪs ᴀʟʟ sᴏ ᴛᴀsᴛʏ," Red replied instead. "We ate a rusted car the other day," Blue added. "Not even the petrol caused us problems." "Anyway," Flitwick began, "Harry, please help me explain to Minerva your concerns about any possible solutions we find. Then she and I can start researching a solution." "How long do you think that will take?" we asked through Blue's mouth. "Maybe a day, likely a week or two, and possibly never. It all depends on what we can find. And until then, you should probably stay with Hagrid, out on the edge of the forest. We can construct a hut for you to stay in." " Actually, I have a better idea asss to where we can sssleep." " why there , green? why?" " The sssnake'sss ssstill there." Grey perked up ever so slightly. "Objections withdrawn."