weak perish. Every once in a while, we like to test the pack, to make sure we have the best. As my mate said, the girl's mother was soft. She didn't like killing humans, so we decided that her and my son would be participants in the hunt. They failed, but oh were they delicious." Harry breathed out slowly. "You killed your own son?" "He was weak," the female screeched. "Looks like his daughter is following in his footsteps. If she doesn't toughen up, we'll be hunting her in a few years. Harry saw the little hound shudder and edge away from the group. He noticed several fresh cuts and bruises marring her small body. "Enough talk," the leader growled. "It's time to feed." With no warning, he leapt at Harry, teeth bared. Harry threw himself backwards, narrowly avoiding the snapping mouth. Throwing up a hand, Harry unleashed a wave of wind that caught the hound and sent it flying backwards. The old leader landed with a pained grunt a few feet away. Harry didn't have time to watch his foe as he felt teeth sink into his leg. Looking down, he saw a black hound with the face of a teenager chewing on his leg. With a savage grunt, Harry kicked out hard. There was a loud crunch and the hound slumped to the ground, his skull caved in. Feeling something approaching, he dove to the ground. The hound that'd tried to tackle him from behind flew over him, landing awkwardly in the snow. Before it could get back up, Daphne pointed her wand at it. "Avada Kedavra," she murmured. A bolt of green light flew from her wand and struck the hound in the forehead. It slumped over, unmoving. Harry saw a hound trying to sneak up on Daphne and made a twisting motion with his hands. The hound was ripped in half, blood and innards splattering the snow. Hearing a cracking sound, he turned to see the hound he'd kicked rising back to its feet. The hound grinned. "Did you really think that would work?" "Nope, I just needed to get you of my leg and put you down for a few moments." The hound let out a boyish laugh. "You're not doing bad, I'll give you that, but it looks like your friend is having some trouble." Harry turned to see Daphne backing up to avoid a hound's snapping teeth, but she was surrounded. Three more were creeping up on her from every side." "Face it," the old leader said appearing right in front of Harry. "There are too many of us. You can't win." Harry heard a piercing scream. He turned in that direction, only to see the little hound tear out the throat of the teen hound. Blood gushed from the wound, staining the little hounds golden fur." The leader looked at his granddaughter in shock. "Traitor," he whispered. The little hound glared at him, blue eyes flashing. "You said I needed to toughen up. Don't you love me anymore?" "You were supposed to attack the trespassers," the leader snarled, "not us." "You killed my parents," the little hound whispered, crystalline tears falling onto the snow. "I could never trust you." Harry took this opportunity to look at Daphne. Her attackers had been torn to pieces. The bloody chunks of meat were scattered across the snow. Daphne calmly walked over to stand next to Harry. As she stopped next to him, she casually blasted a hound into bloody chunks before lowering her wand. "Are we done yet? I'm getting bored." Before Harry could say another word, everything went black. Harry tried to move, but he couldn't. Something icy cold bound his arms and legs to a flat surface. Looking down, he saw chains of ice binding him to a table. He turned his head to see Daphne in the same predicament. Her eyes were open and she smiled slightly when he looked at her. "Are you alright?" she mouthed. "Yeah," Harry grunted, straining against the ice. "How long was I out?" "A few hours," a new voice said. Harry turned to see an old man sitting in a rocking chair beside a roaring fire. His white hair was held back from his face with a silver clasp. It fell to his shoulders in a messy tangle. His face was heavily lined, but clean shaven. He smiled at the two of them, but the smile didn't reach his eyes. They remained as cold and dead as those of a corpse. Harry gulped. "Lord Winter," he said. "Yes," the old man said, bowing slightly. "Mind telling me why you invaded my home?" Harry tested his icy bonds again. "We wanted some information." "I see," Winter said, stroking his chin. "Why couldn't you have sent a letter?" "We weren't sure if a bird would survive the trip. Milord, we didn't intend any offense. We merely wanted to ask you a few questions." "And I merely wanted to be left alone," Winter growled. "Why do you think I moved to the most inhospitable part of Elphame?" He paused, looking at Harry speculatively. "Come to that, how did you get here? All the gates to this land are closed. "My mother knew of a way." "And who is your mother?" Winter asked. "Morgaine Le Fay," Harry said through chattering teeth. The icy chains were beginning to creep up his limbs. "Ah," Winter said softly. "Yes, Morgaine would know of a way. She was always resourceful when she needed to be." His grey eyes hardened. "Nevertheless, you entered my home without being invited. For that, you must be punished. "Look," Daphne said calmly. "Are you going to kill us or not? I don't really care one way or another; I only ask because I'm getting cold." Winter's eyes flashed. "Perhaps, I should deal with you first." With a gesture, Daphne's chains spread across her body. Within seconds, she was a frozen statue. Her eyes stared sightlessly up at the ceiling.