to be an Auror. At first, they objected, talking about dignity and how others at the Ministry would feel but they relented. Harry would go on about his OWLs, changed personality and that he should be given a chance to live his life. As they were around each other a lot; sometimes even the last people in the department, they got to know each other a lot. Eventually they got talking about relationships. Draco had never wanted an arranged marriage; after the war, he didn't care about being a pureblood. His family name was in ruins anyway and without his father's insistence, his mother hadn't put up much of a fight when he objected. Harry and Ginny had remained together after the war but he just grew distant, always being at the office and nightmares detaching him from society and consequently her. He knew he was struggling to handle everything and she wasn't bitter when they split. They remained friends. Harry walks into his office, holding a cup of strong coffee and looking like he hasn't slept. Draco dumps files on his desk, pulling a face at his unkempt appearance. "Are you ill?" He questions, "No, just not sober enough." Harry replies, shielding his eyes from the light. "Why didn't you take a hangover potion?" Draco asks, moving to his bag to get a potion. "Ran out last weekend." Harry utters and ungracefully plops into his chair. "Where'd you go?" The general conversion had increased between them, and more surprising is that they actually paid attention to the other. Harry mentions a gay bar he visits in muggle London. It turns out Draco's been there too. "Did you meet Mitch?" Draco asks, an amused look on his face. "That guy who flirts with anything that moves?" Harry says, matching his tone. "Yeah. Well mostly new comers." "You should come out with me some time." Harry offers. "Sounds good." After visiting the club, they engaged out of work more frequently, surprised that they share so many interests. A month after that, Harry asked out Draco. "So, I was wondering if you'd like to go out with me this Saturday?" "Sure, where to?" Draco replies, mistaking his question for another meetup. "No, I mean on a date." "Oh. Ok, yes." Harry's face lights up, not expected an answer so quickly and Draco smiles too. At last Saturday comes around, and with it their first date. Harry takes him to a restaurant with class, hoping to appeal to his sophisticated nature. He lets Draco pick the wine since he knows more about such things and just hopes he doesn't mess up the evening through saying something stupid or spilling something on his clothes. The restaurant is filled with a range of people, varying from ornately dressed women in tight bodycon dresses and men in black suits to some couple's in jeans. They're dressed in smart casual; Harry wears a pair of blue jeans, a white tee and a navy blazer. He tried to tame his hair, managing to get most of it off his face and rest in one direction. Draco wears a white button down shirt, with a red jumper on top revealing the collar and cuffs and a pair of black trousers. "You look nice. Not that you don't usually – and not that I look –" Harry sighs and turns red, leaning his head on his hand in resignation that he'll never be able to talk fluidly around someone he likes. The awful memory of the time he dribbled water in front of Cho Chang when he was crushing on her surfaces, and he hopes nothing like that happens today. "Thank you, you do too." Draco replies and smirks at Harry's nervousness, finding it quite endearing, and Harry smiles, grateful that he's familiar with his ramblings. Their first course arrives and the evening starts properly. They talk continuously, unsurprisingly easy and comfortable since they've known each other for years; they converse about work, previous dates and Draco comments on Harry's choice of restaurant. It surprised him that Harry knew of such a high-dining establishment, so Harry started deliberately slurping his wine until Draco kicked him under the table. "Forever classy, Potter." He scorned with a roll of his eyes, feigning annoyance but he has never had a more amusing evening. "Always." Harry replies grinning, and ignores the urge to rub his sore leg. They laugh, probably too loudly, as they compare muggles to different creatures, as well as likely breaking the 'The International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy' as they roll with laughter after noticing one woman with rather large ears reminds Harry of a Cornish pixie. Finally, they finish dessert, Harry pays, making sure to tip the waiter and they leave. They walk down an alley out of sight and apparate to a park, on the way to Draco's apartment. They remain in conversation until they arrive at Draco's abode. They look into the other's eyes, the street lamp barely illuminating their faces. They're close enough to kiss but Harry doesn't make a move, going over some of the customs Draco was discussing in the restaurant when they were talking of past dates. You never touch on a first date . Malfoy has exclusively dated purebloods so tonight's experience has already been something new. Draco looks away and smiles softly, the warm air ruffling his hair and he reaches out, squeezing Harry's hand then lets it go. "Good night Harry." He walks up the steps and unlocks the door. "Night Draco." Harry smiles, watching him enter and turns to apparate to his own flat. He can't help but grin as Draco broke the rule, he held his hand. It's not until he enters his flat he realises that they said each other's first names for the first time. ... Note : Second half will be out next week Saturday :) in the interim, feel free to check out my other Drarry stories! Thanks for reading, any feedback is appreciated x