shield. Voldemort gasps, tumbling as the sensation of knives piercing him quickly envelops him. "Enough." Bellatrix stares at him furiously at being stopped, too engrossed to have noticed the change but she quickly lowers her gaze, knowing her place. Harry moves onto his back, breathing heavily as his body still responds likes it's under the curse, twitching and jolting. Voldemort looks at him warily, unsure how it's possible to pass on the curse but certain he managed it. If he's immune to all three curses, it makes him extremely valuable. Harry tries to stand and fails, his legs weak like jelly so he reverses the change, deliberately drawing on the blackness to strengthen him and succeeds the second time. He walks past Bellatrix to his Lord, keeping his head low in a show of allegiance and waits for a sign. Voldemort looks at him curiously but leads them to the others. Draco looks emotionless at his return but Harry notices him fiddling with his glasses, giving away his nervousness. He walks over slowly, his wounds unhealed and body sore, and holds out his hand. Wave after wave of nausea sweeps over him as his body tries to deal with the aftermath. He hears the chime of a clock and notices a carriage clock on the mantelpiece. He was gone an hour. "Excuse me." Harry says as bile builds in his throat and he sways to his feet. He catches Voldemort nod and Draco follows, leading him to a bathroom. He spits out blood into the sink from biting his cheeks, vomit quickly rising after and empties his stomach contents. He leans against the cool sink, Draco watching him the whole time but they don't say a word. It's not safe. Harry mutters a healing spell for his mouth, leaving his exterior injuries untouched and looks in mirror. He focuses on his eyes, currently replicas of his mother's so he trains his thoughts until they change again. The predatory reflection is a lot stronger, he's a lot stronger. The rest of the evening passes quickly once they return and a discussion begins on the direction of their undertaking. Malfoy Manor can no longer remain as the place to meet since what little resistance from the Light is left will focus their attack here and the Dark need to establish the casualties on their side before getting involved in another tiff. It's agreed that they'll use a deterrent typically used for muggles but can be altered. When they see the manor, they will be met by an image of destruction. Residences are the next topic as they need to account for survivors and establish which locations are safe. It's then Harry realises he has no home to go to. Voldemort has been using legilimens since the forest, he can feel him in his head and has been trying to keep his hatred suppressed and affection for Draco locked away. Having to give him some feedback so he won't be suspicious he allows this worry into the front of his mind. "Ah yes." Voldemort says, "Where will Mr Potter stay." Names are thrown into the air as various Death Eaters are suggested; the majority are turned down since it'll result in Harry's death. "He can stay here." Draco says nonchalantly, remaining composed as all eyes turn to him. "He's our best asset, we don't want you killing him." Yaxley says already strategising. "He's on our side now. I'll have to get over it." He retorts like it's the most obvious solution. Voldemort nods ending their evening and they start to apparate, leaving Harry and Draco alone. They both physically slump in their chairs, finally being able to relax for the first time in hours. Harry charms all the curtains to close, all the doors and windows to seal and the floo to lock, while Draco sets about strengthening the wards and traps. "Do you think they believe me?" Harry questions quietly, amazed that their plan passed the first stage of surrendering. Draco heals Harry and grabs his hand. "I think," Draco starts apparating them to his room, "that the fact you're not dead means so." Harry's pushed onto the bed and Draco settles on top of him, finally able to fuck in sheets and not a toilet cubicle as he vanishes their clothes. The stress of the evening drains from them as they release the tension in the best way they know how, mouths connect in a frantic mess while their hands chase any bit of exposed skin. Harry moans although it sounds more like a hiss and Draco stills, peering into his eyes inquiringly. "Your souls are merging." "I do love it when you talk dirty." Harry mocks, wondering why he has to tell him now in the middle of this. "I think your soul is absorbing his; you have some of his traits but your personality is still your own." Harry looks at the dark mark on his forearm; maybe one day he'll create his own mark. Be a better leader. "What's wrong?" Draco asks noticing the drop in his expression. "I left them to die." Harry utters, his eyes growing lighter as his sense of moral good returns. "Don't go all Chosen One on me." Draco growls pinning his hands above his head and moving his thigh between Harry's legs adding to the sweet friction. Harry hums, indulging in the sensation as his neck is attacked with tongue. "If you keep your mind and mouth shut, we should live." Draco concludes, having had enough of dealing with his reservations when all he wants to do is give in to immorality. Harry seems to agree as he starts grinding against the blond, letting pleasure be his new focus. … Thanks for reading, any feedback is appreciated x Update (11/06/17) : Some reviews have expressed they'd like to know more about their future so I'm thinking of writing a sequel. Follow this story or myself so you'll know when it comes out!