of a child at the end of July. This child would have the power to defeat Voldemort. As she thought of the prophecy, Lily's face tightened. Was that what Dumbledore was planning? Was he planning to sacrifice her child to stop Voldemort? Fear twisted like snakes in her gut. She had to do something. Could she induce labor early? No, that would be too dangerous for the baby. Could she hide it somewhere after he was born? Again, no, they would find him. Slowly, she reached for her magic. How much did the suppression runes inhibit her abilities? She still had some power, not as much as she'd like, but she was sure it was more than she was supposed to have while in a room with suppression runes. She looked over at the iron grate that served as the door to her room. Her emerald green eyes flashed. When they came for her child she would be ready. If she didn't use any magic until her child was born, she should be able to store up a significant amount of power. She absently stroked her belly again. "I will keep you safe." XXX Voldemort, AKA Tom Riddle stared at the kneeling man before him. "You are sure of what the prophecy says?" The man nodded. "Yes, My Lord," he groveled. "I don't know the exact wording, but it refers to a child that will be born at the end of July. This child will supposedly have the power to defeat you." Voldemort pulled at a strand of his silver hair, staring off into space. The Death Eater said nothing. His master usually got this way when he was thinking. Finally, Voldemort looked back down at the Death Eater; his cold blue eyes met the Death Eaters fearful grey ones. "Do we have any Death Eaters in Saint Mungos?" The Death Eater shook his head. "No, my Lord." "Alright then, listen closely. Go to Saint Mungo's and cast the imperius curse on one of the Healers. Tell that healer to inform us of all the babies born on July 31st. I do not want to waste time on this. I want this child found and dealt with as soon as possible. Do you understand?" The Death Eater bowed. "It shall be done, my Lord." "Good, now go." Voldemort leaned back in his chair and watched the man hurry from the room. He would find this child and deal with him. He was not worried. After all, the prophecy said defeat, not necessarily kill. Nevertheless, he would kill this child, whoever he may be. He could not allow a challenge to him to go unanswered. XXX July 31 st , 1981. Lily screamed as a contraction tightened her belly. She felt the warm gush between her legs. 'I peed myself,' she thought deliriously and giggled. Dumbledore, Minister Bagnold, and James stood around her. The Hogwarts healer, Madam Pomfrey, knelt between her legs. "I see the head," she said. "Now Lily, push." Lily's scream rent the air. She felt something being taken from her and fell back on the bed exhausted. The wail of a baby filled the small room. "It's a boy," Madam Pomfrey said holding the child up. She turned to James. "Would you like to cut the cord?" James stared at his son. He looked human enough. James smiled. The kid had his untidy black hair. His heart skipped a beat as the baby opened his eyes. Lily's emerald green eyes stared up at him. He shook himself. It didn't mean anything. His child would be raised as a wizard, regardless what his Mother was. Drawing his wand, he made a slashing movement, cutting the am biblical cord. Madam Pomfrey healed the place where the cord had been and passed the baby to Lily, saying, "Would you like to hold your son, dear?" As soon as Lily's hands touched her son, she knew. She could feel the power thrumming through him. It was like laying her hand on a telephone pole and feeling the current traveling through it. The baby looked up at her and smiled. Bending over, Lily kissed his forehead. "Mummy will always love you," she whispered. "Lily, it's time to go," Dumbledore said gently. Lily looked over at James. "Please," she begged. "Let me go with you. I want to raise my son." James's expression was distant. "No, he will be raised by a wizard. He will not be taught whatever kind of dark magic you know." Anger flashed through her at those words. She wanted to fight. She wanted to make him suffer like she'd been forced to suffer, but she couldn't. A fight now could endanger the baby. She would not put her son at risk just to satisfy her wounded pride. There was no way to fight them. With tears rolling down her face, she handed the baby to Dumbledore. No sooner had the baby left her arms, than it began to cry. Lily couldn't help it. She began to sob. "He will be well cared for, I swear it," Dumbledore said solemnly. Minister Bagnold stepped forward. "There is the matter of your stay here," she said calmly. Lily looked up at her, face wet with her tears. "What do you mean?" Millicent Bagnold smiled. "Did you think we wouldn't notice? The suppression runes aren't having near the effect that they should. We will be moving you to the maximum security part of the prison." Lily's eyes widened. "But you said if I was good," she began. "But you haven't been good," Bagnold interrupted. "You didn't tell us that the suppression runes weren't as effective as we thought. You knew that they were supposed to stop a wizard from using any magic, but you said nothing. That was naughty." Before Lily could respond, three jets of red light hit her in the chest, and she slumped backwards, unconscious. A/n I do not own Harry Potter. It belongs to J.K Rowling and Warner Brothers.