right on the table where his mum would place breakfast in a few short hours. As gently as he could manage, Ron ran his tongue in circles around Hermione's nipple. It pebbled in his mouth as he began to suck softly. "Ron...oh, god!" The sound of her calling his name momentarily broke his control, and he sucked her more forcefully than he intended, than he ever had before. Instead of scolding him, she responded by threading her fingers through his hair, pulling him even closer. He wanted to devour her. Wanted to feast on her until he had his fill, but was that even possible? Could he ever get enough? He was willing to use the rest of his days to try and find the answer. As he continued to worship her with his mouth, Ron reached blindly onto the table, finding the marmalade, pulling back just long enough to coat the left nipple before going back to work. When he felt Hermione's knees buckle, he pulled her to straddle his lap. He growled around her as she made contact with his erection, now straining against his thin pajama bottoms. "Your turn," she gasped out in shallow breaths as her hands reached for the hem of his faded shirt, pulling it over his head in one determined movement. The cream was cold against his skin, but her mouth was maddeningly hot as she sucked it off his collarbone. The feeling of her nipples against his bare chest, nipples still wet from his mouth, while she nipped at his neck was almost enough to send him over the edge. It felt as if her appetite was as strong as his. The thought was overwhelming. All that wasted time, he would make it up to her. As Hermione began to scatter open-mouthed kisses over his jaw, Ron turned and captured her mouth, kissing her passionately. Lost in sensation, both were surprised when his hands, which hand been rubbing her bare thighs, slipped through the leg of her sleep shorts. He paused slightly, making sure he hadn't gone too far, but he continued when she spread her legs wider in encouragement. She pulled back, panting, resting her forehead on his, as he moved aside her knickers, brushing his fingertips across the dampness of her curls. "Ffffuck," Ron closed his eyes, taking deep breaths through his nose, trying to steady himself. The proof of her desire made him thrust up involuntarily, desperately searching for friction. He moved his fingers slowly, relishing in the silky feel of her. Like melting cream. Fuck, I bet she tastes even better. In a moment of inspiration, he brought his other hand inside her knickers, and dipped his index finger inside. Hermione was panting now, her hips making tiny circles over him. There were bright red spots high on her cheekbones; spots that Ron had learned recently meant she was especially turned on. When he brought that same finger up to his mouth, sucking it clean, she actually whimpered. Cream and marmalade can sod off! They literally crashed into one another, a tangle of limbs, his hand still caught in her undergarment, their bare chests pressed together, his erection pressed between them as they ground into one another. His poor brain was so overloaded that it actually took him a minute to realize that Hermione had reached between them and was fumbling with the tie on his pajama bottoms. Her nimble fingers found their way inside and she gripped his aching cock. He thrust into her fingers as she rubbed herself over his hand, kissing desperately as they brought each other closer to bliss. "Ron...I'm...oh...god," she whispered hotly into his mouth, trembling in his arms. "Ermione!" Suddenly the tension snapped, and he came undone specaturally. He watched as she pulled her hand out of his pants, studying it for a moment before BLOODY FUCKING HELL! Hermione gave him a wink, running her tongue across her palm to the tip of her fingers. The utter contentment he had felt just a moment before was replaced with a fresh wave of desire. However, before he could pull her in for another snog, they were interrupted by the rumbling of his stomach. "Looks like someone really is hungry." "Thought we'd already established that, but I could definitely go for seconds," the waggling of his eyebrows brought them both into a fit of laughter. "Ok, but how about I feed you some actual food before that...can't have you giving out of me, now can I? "We can't let that happen, bloody travesty, that would be." Molly Weasley, as usual, was the first one up, so she headed to the kitchen to start breakfast for the rest of her family. She was actually humming as she went in, hoping to have a quiet cup of tea and a scone or two before the rest of the house woke. Her humming stopped as she surveyed the waste land that just last night had been her perfectly immaculate kitchen. There were empty bowls all over the table, someone had finished off the leftover roast, and the potatoes, and the gravy, and… "Bloody Hell! Who ate all the scones?!" She stalked past the pantry into the parlor, prepared for battle, but she stopped in her tracks when she encountered a sight that warmed her motherly heart. Ron and Hermione were sleeping soundly on the sofa, her head on his chest, soft snores coming from his slightly open mouth. Molly stepped closer, intending to give him a quick peck on the forehead, she had to bite her lip to stifle the laughter that bubbled up when she noticed the bit of gravy that was clinging to his chin. She was overjoyed to know that he was eating again. A mother's food can heal all wounds. As she stood there watching, he pulled Hermione closer in his sleep, so can the love of a good woman. Molly tiptoed out of the room knowing that her son indeed had both.