a long time and when they argue they don't say the best words they know. That's what mum says anyways." "Don't worry, I have something a bit better in mind, and I think we should all strike to use our 'best words." Ron nodded, taking a step back when Meredith Binns kneeled in front of him. The task seemed hard for her, her face contorting in a grimace. He was abruptly reminded of her leg. He glanced around for the Grim, but didn't see the creature, though that never meant it wasn't there. "Ron, would you do me the favor of taking care of Asha. She's a little older than the other toys here and I've gotten too old to give her the attention she needs. I've grown very fond of her, but I think my daughter might toss her when I'm not looking." Ron glanced at the bird forlornly, before shaking his head. "I don't have any money." "I'm not asking for any. What I want is for you to teach her how to be good and kind. I want you to teach her your best words and your best behaviors." "But… I don't know how," Ron said in dismay. Didn't she understand what he was? What he did? "I make people sad, not happy, how could I teach her to be good or kind?" Asha took off of her table, landing awkwardly on his shoulder. Ron stumbled to regain his balance, hands raising automatically to make sure she didn't fall as she adjusted herself. "I have a feeling you'll do just fine." A chime rang throughout the store, startling them both. "Best to be getting back. Will you watch over her for me, Ron?" Ron hesitated a second longer, knowing his mum would be upset with him if he said yes, but not really caring when he glanced at the yellow eyes staring back at him. Not a person, but someone to talk to, someone who Ron's ability wouldn't affect. "Okay." When they walked back out to the front, it was to a crowded toy shop. A storm having driven them inside. Ron wondered if Charlie, who was supposed to be watching him, had left the outdoor animal display in time or was wandering around somewhere soaked and looking for him. When he caught sight of the Grim, he suddenly felt as if he'd eaten maggot infested liverworts. The Grim was dragging itself behind a toddler, watching it in fascination, it's not disfigured side twitching in something that might have been fondness or frightening anticipation. The image in front of him reminded him of Meredith Binns. He tugged on her sleeve before she could move behind the register. "Mam," when he had her full attention, he continued. "I think you should close up and go see a Healer." Meredith Binns was about to reply when a younger, angrier version of her marched in. "Mother! Look at this line! You said you could handle it if I went to lunch." The aging woman sighed, but winked at Ron when he glanced at the younger woman anxiously. "Run while you can, dear, she's brilliant but she gets all out of sorts over the silliest things. Forgets to live while she still has time." "You're hilarious," the daughter groused. Her eyes found Asha before turning accusingly eyes on Ron. "Are you giving away product again?" Ron shrunk away. "Of course not, dear, the lads already paid." "Ron!" Ron turned at his name, spotting Charlie scowling at him. Ron gave a sheepish wave as his brother pushed soaked bangs out of his face. "What happened?! You were supposed to stay behind me." "I didn't want to get wet." Charlie threw his hands up in the air. "I searched for you for ten minutes out there!" Thunder cracked above the shop, acting as an exclamation point to Charlie's words. "So it took you twenty minutes to notice I was gone?" "You. Out. Now. Don't care. Meeting mom in five." "Charlie Weasley," Meredith's daughter said dryly. Both brothers turned to see the woman looking at them, unimpressed. Charlie stumbled in his walk over and blushed. "Hi! I mean, hello, you were in Bill's class, right? Sally. Ravenclaw. Prefect?" Charlie held out his hand, but the woman didn't take it. "The name is Sandy and I was Headgirl," she corrected, before turning back to her mother and gesturing at the pair of them. "Weasley? You expect me to believe a Weasley…" "Hush, child, before you damn yourself of good company." Ron was surprised by how cold Meredith Binns voice had become. He pulled self-consciously at his too short sleeves and brought his scarf closer. "Let's go, Ron," Charlie spoke in a clipped voice, face flushed. For a moment Sandy looked regretful, but it was quickly smothered under something Ron didn't recognize. Charlie tugged at his arm, but he pulled away to look Meredith in the eye. "Please, will you go?" The old woman's eyes crinkled at the side. "I will." "Thank you." Then they were out the door, Asha on his shoulder, all three soaked through within seconds. Ron didn't care though, his heart felt light, lighter still when the Grim followed, not having touched the baby at all. The next day Ron stole the Daily Prophet from his mother. He found Percy flipping through a book in his room and begged him to read him one in the back that had a picture of the toy shop on it. It was everything Ron had feared. Meredith Binns had died last night. She had fallen down the stairs and broken her leg. Her wand had been found rolled under a nearby table, out of reach. Unable to get help, the old witch passed away, alone and in pain. Ron had run away, Percy calling after him, to bury himself in his room. "Tears don't work well with your complexion, dear," Asha chirped. "It makes your freckles stand out in the worst way." Ron sobbed harder.