she said, choosing to run away from the situation. Mariah Carey was still singing about how she wanted you for Christmas, and the tension in the living room became tenser. Awkward. With Scorpius. Malfoy. Scorpius. No Malfoy. Scorpius. Help? Rose found a casual blue sweater, which was warm and properly, and her jeans were replaced by a black pair of trousers. She decided not to wear any shoes, but just socks, because it was just more comfy. "Sometimes I forget I need to enjoy some parts of life, instead of just wearing what is lying on the ground," Rose explained, hoping it sounded like she was very busy instead of very lazy. Scorpius smiled at her. "It's pretty," he said. Rose blushed and hoped he didn't tell her that, just to be nice. "Thanks. I see the Christmas music decided to be over for today?" she chuckled when she heard her favorite band singing about potions. "Yeah, well, I used your music player — which isn't Muggle, luckily — to play some songs I know," he laughed. They ate something and the Christmas-music-incident was over, Rose hoped. At the end of the evening, they watched Rose's clock. "Last minute of the year!" She smiled and he smiled, a bit awkward, back. The tension came back and when they counted the last seconds of the year, Rose didn't know what to do. Did she had to kiss him or hug him or do nothing at all? "Happy New Year, Rose!" Scorpius said. He smiled at her. "Happy New Year, Scorpius!" Rose answered. Awkward. She bit on her lip. Why was she disappointed that he didn't kiss her? Why did she feel this strange feeling inside her? When she looked up, she saw he had been staring to the ground as well. "Eh, I'm sorry that this isn't the New Year's Eve you normally have." Rose decided to say. This wasn't hooking up with all the girls, like he was used to. "No, don't…I never had the courage to just…do whatever I wanted at New Year's Eve, but now I finally did something else," Scorpius said. "But it wasn't what you wanted, of course," Rose laughed, but she didn't mean it. "Yeah, first it was…strange, but it was fun, wasn't it?" he laughed back, but it didn't sound real either. Why were they just a few hours ago talking like friends, and was it awkward now? "Yeah…it was fun. Strange too, of course. Never spend this much time with you alone, of course," she just stammered something and regretted everything she said. It was awkward. They were awkward. But. They. Were. Awkward. A situation had to be awkward for both, to be really called awkward, James always said. So it was awkward for him, too? But why? Or was she overthinking it? "Yeah, I think we needed time or something. We just were teenagers when we hated each other, and luckily, we can now look past that," Scorpius said, not looking at her. "Of course, yeah. Eh, I'm sorry that I'm so boring, but I'm tired from work and…—O, shit , you need to sleep here too, of course!" Rose sighted, but laughed at the same time. She was tired, confused, and this had to happen to her, of course, but she didn't want this to be awkward. "I'll…eh…I'll manage," he said. "No you won't, because the sheets are lying in my bedroom, so I'll help you," Rose laughed, but she still felt disappointed, and stood there to take the sheets, when she just wanted to say that he could lie with her. Crazy. :: :: :: An hour later she was really lying in her bed, feeling a bit awkward that Scorpius was lying a few inches from her. She almost fell asleep, when someone knocked softly on her door. "Can I come in?" he asked. "Mm yes..." she mumbled. She gasped when the light turned on and she saw him standing there in only boxers. He was really fit. Not the over-the-top-really-big-six-pack fit, but the a-bit-of-a-six-pack-which-is-very-very-hot fit. She was just wearing her nightie, without a bra . "Any resolutions for this year?" he asked grinningly. "Being nicer to you, obviously," she murmured, as he sat down onto her bed. "I like that one," he said, smirking. She rolled her eyes, but became bright red, because she didn't meant he would hear that. "I just wanted to ask if you had another blanket for me, it's really cold there," he said half-flirty. Despite of the fact Rose knew , he could just conjure a warming-spell, and he could just put his shirt on, she didn't say anything about that. Despite of the fact, Rose actually had another blanket, she gave him a smirk. "I haven't got any left," she said challenging. "I'm going to steal your bed then." He kicked her out of her bed and placed himself under the sheets. "You warmed it up, already," he grinned. Her bed was meant for two, thus she climbed into her bed again. He was in the middle of her bed, so she had to lie against him. He turned his body towards her, and smiled at her. He played with her hair, and Rose knew that this was how she supposed to feel with Nick. When he kissed her, she finally felt all the things Lily had asked her, when she told her, she had a relationship with Nick. The next morning Rose woke up, feeling Scorpius holding her. "NO WORRIES ROSE, I'M HERE ALREADY!" she heard Al scream. Scorpius woke up, clearly confused. "What's happening?" he asked in a sleepy voice. "Well, I think we need to get decent and quick, because Al is here," she said, almost panicking. He was immediately awake, grinned and kissed her forehead. "I will only leave if you agree to one thing," he said with a seducing smile. "Which is?" Rose asked, knowing that this couldn't mean anything good. "Will you go out with me?"