the muttering of his father as he thunders down the hall. "This is ridiculous. Damn boy needs to get a grip on himself." Remus slinks lower. He recognizes the monster as it morphs into something—else. "Wolf!" he yelps. "WOOOOOLF!" he calls again, and Lyall growls from the hallway. "Damn it, Hope! Enough of this already!" When Lyall tries the door to his son's room, he finds it blocked. The shadow's shouldered his bureau over and now prowls toward the bed. "Soulless and evil, am I?" Fenrir drawls huskily. He hops up on the end of Remus' bed. "Perhaps I'll teach Lupin what it means to deserve something." The creature lunges, grabbing Remus about the thigh. His teeth sink in and the boy screams. His wail fills the room and Fenrir laughs through the blood seeping down his jowls. He lets Remus go, lets him crawl toward the headboard, but grabs him again. His claws hold Remus tightly as his teeth sink deeper into the flesh about Remus' waist. Remus is frantically trying to get away, tearing the wounds as Fenrir's teeth hold firm. The wolf doesn't mind; he rather enjoys the taste of frightened little boys, and how they come apart so easily for him. When he shakes the boy again, he hears pounding at the door, cursing, and sighs. He lets Remus go again, watches as he limply tries to protect himself. Remus flops halfway onto his back and Fenrir lashes out at his face, down his side, and around his navel. It isn't until this point that Remus stops moving, stops screaming. The silence makes Lyall nervous. He crashes through the door just as Fenrir steps back. Lyall starts shooting off hexes and Fenrir has no defense where he stands, so he rushes toward the window. He breaks a pane to get out of the room as quickly as possible, snarling his way toward the woods. Lyall scoops up his son, calling "Hope!" as he rushes from the room. When she sees the boy, one hand automatically moves to her mouth to hold in her silent scream—the other grabbing onto the wall for support. "Oh God, Remus!" As she rushes forward, Lyall's heavy steps take them to the kitchen. He gently lays the boy on the table. "Why aren't you taking him to St. Mungo's?" She asks, her voice straining to get through to him. "We need to get him to the hospital!" Lyall doesn't look at her. "He can't go to the hospital." Hope stares. "Why not? You're just going to let my boy die on my kitchen table?" Her voice is incredulous and she stares across the wooden table at her husband—their child bleeding between them. "They can't know," he says, voice breaking. "No one can know." Lyall starts moving methodically, using charms to stop the bleeding. "Get some bandages. We need to wrap these wounds." "Why can't you heal this? Why do you need bandages, Lyall?" "Just get them!" he demands before turning back to Remus. When Hope returns with an arm full of bandages and tape, she stands across the table from Lyall. They work together to wrap his tender flesh. His body is torn and it takes everything she has not to focus on the smears of Remus' blood as they dry slowly, gleaming beneath the kitchen lights. Remus remains unconscious, but he shakes—twitches—as they move him. "It's tomorrow." "What?" Hope asks, holding Remus' hand. "The full moon." Her face registers only confusion. "It was a werewolf, Hope." Lyall's shoulders drop, but he continues wringing his hands around his wand. "I should have gone to him! I should have listened! I could have saved him!" Lyall turns to Hope with tears welling in his eyes. Snot drips from his nose and he's helpless to do anything but react to the adrenaline drop in his system. He's just seen his child attacked. It's not something any parent should wish to see. Hope walks around the table and wraps her arms around him, their combined sorrow stuttering in the stale air of the kitchen. When Lyall pulls away, they're both covered in Remus' blood. Lyall stares—there's something about seeing Hope with their son's blood in splotches on her jumper and he turns, gets sick on the floor. She tries to comfort him, to rub at his back, but he smacks away her hand. "Don't!" Lyall runs from the room, leaving Hope to sit with Remus in the aftermath of everything that's happened. She methodically cleans up the rest of the blood from his face. She pulls up a chair and sits next to him, her chin resting on the table. Sometime in the night, Lyall returns. With him are several wizards she doesn't recognize. One tips a hat to her; another greets her by name. She finds it odd, but they pay no attention to the broken boy on the kitchen table. "Lyall?" He gives her a hard glare, but doesn't respond. "Lyall, what are you doing?" she tries again. "You should be here. With Remus—with me ." Her voice is small now, pleading. "I can't do anything for that boy." He's carrying a crossbow. Several darts in his hand are being tucked into his pocket. All she sees is a shadowed figure looming in the doorway, a hulking man he swears was once her husband—Remus' father. She's not sure who he is as he turns from them, leading the others into the night. Hope's grip on her son's hand tightens when the door slams. She hears the rasp of his breathing, the uneven in and out . As she sits there, alone, all she can think is whether she might lose this —if that labored breathing might stop and she'll lose everything . Her palm brushes back the fringe from his forehead where sweat and blood have caked it there. She traces the outline of a bandage, watches as he squirms, then pours everything she has into the question: "Are you ready, little love?"