as he poured more oil on it. "I'm going to need another bottle of this after tonight." James laughed and shook his head. "Serves you right," he muttered. "You always buy the fancy stuff." "It smells good." His grin grew wider, if it were possible to do so. "Fuck your oil," Remus growled. "Someone do something!" "Pushy little werewolf," Sirius tsked, but moved forward, positioning himself at Remus' entrance. He felt the other boy tense for a moment. "Relax. Breathe out." Once the head popped through, he allowed just a breath before sliding forward. "Oh, fuck." Sirius chuckled. "I intend to." Sirius slid forward slowly, hands gripping either side of Remus' hips. Occasionally, he would run one up the middle of his spine and dig in his nails, prompting a shiver from the boy beneath him. This caused all sorts of delicious sensations in both of them. James rubbed himself on Remus' jaw, which reeled him back in. Each time Sirius hit his prostate, Remus moaned loudly around James' cock. Although he hadn't sucked anyone off before, he wasn't doing too terribly - considering he was also being fucked for the first time, too. Between the three of them, the pace was slow and tortuous. Each time Sirius came close, he backed off and waited, playing with Remus until he cried out around James. James would then make Remus stop and beg for more when he was nearing climax, but not ready to finish. So they went until James gripped the fringe behind Remus' ear and threw his head back. "I'm going to come, Moony," he panted. "Make a fucking decision if you swallow - " Only he didn't quite have time to think about it, because James was shooting down his throat and he only had time to decide between swallowing or breathing. It wasn't much of a decision. Sirius was spurred on watching James spend himself in Remus' mouth and began to move faster. He groaned, slapping hip against thigh and trying desperately to hold off until Remus came. One hand reached around and gripped Remus, sliding his foreskin rapidly over the head of his cock until he spurted over James' thigh. Sirius grunted and folded forward on Remus, emptying himself on his last, sporadic thrusts. The three of them lay on the bed, trying to tame their breathing and the chaos of their emotions and thoughts. What had they done? Did this change their friendship? What about the Marauders? Oh, Merlin. "Fuck." "Yes." "That about sums it up." "So…" "Yea." "What do we…?" "Not a clue." "Bollocks." There was silence, then. Each gathered his thoughts to himself and tried to figure out what it meant. It wasn't until Remus cast a Tempus and they realized that Peter would be back soon that they began to get dressed. "Well, we have to talk about this at some point." Remus leaned back against the wall, pants and trousers back on after a hastily-cast cleaning charm. "Well," Sirius ventured slowly, "what do you want from this, Moony?" He dropped his gaze to his lap, then looked up, more vulnerable with clothes on than he'd been without. "Me? What about you , Sirius?" Remus demanded. "You're infamous for all the birds you pull. What could this possibly mean to you?" Sirius blushed and James looked away. "Right. About that," Sirius muttered uncomfortably. "Well… Only part of that is true, Moony." Sirius was fumbling with the button on his trousers. He'd left it undone, so it showed a delectable amount of happy trail that Remus wanted to explore. He shook his head and looked Sirius in the eye. "What are you blathering on about?" "I'm pretty infamous, all right. I just don't pull birds, is all." James coughed and looked away; Remus stared "Are you telling me you've been pulling blokes this whole time and I didn't know it?" "Maybe?" Sirius supplied weakly. "Your answer shouldn't be a question, Sirius." "Fine. Fuck. Yes." Sirius ran a hand through his sweaty hair, tossing it over to one side. "Why didn't you tell me?" "I didn't know what you'd think, all right?" "You really thought I'd judge you? Are you daft?" "See? I told you he'd make a big deal out of it!" Sirius punched James' shoulder and went back to playing with his loose button. "A big deal? A big deal ? You just fucked me, Pads," Remus reminded him hoarsely. "Of course it's a big deal to me." James stood up then. "Look. I've got Head Boy duties later. I'm also meeting Lily. You two figure," he gestured between Sirius and Remus, " this out." "Wait. What about you, James?" Remus' whole world was turned upside down and he wasn't sure how to categorize anyone or anything anymore. "Well, I play both sides of the fence. Lily and I aren't official yet, so what I do doesn't necessarily need to make it back to her, yeah?" Remus gaped at him, and James nodded curtly. "I'll see you both later," he said, striding out of the room. "Please tell me he's fucking with me." Remus looked desperately to Sirius. "Nope. He's serious." He laughed, then lay his head on Remus' thigh. "Do you hate me?" "Why would I hate you?" "Well, because of…" "Sirius, what did you think I was doing when you two walked in here?" "Having a wank. A kinky wank." "With your broom polish." "Okay. I fail to see the point." "I use your broom polish because it smells like you." "Oh." Sirius lay there, processing. " Oh. " "Precisely." "So you'd like to do this again sometime?" He lifted an eyebrow suggestively. "You wanker." Remus leaned down and kissed Sirius; his nose awkwardly rubbed against Sirius' chin, but he didn't care in the slightest. "Remus?" "Hm?" "Do you suppose we should thank Frank?" "Maybe we should send him some chocolates? Tomorrow is Valentine's day, after all." "Hm. Got plans?" Remus asked, holding his breath. Sirius grinned. "I do now."