for breakfast. Hermione listens closely for the shower tap, which she knows will come on precisely at seven-thirty. She gives it three minutes before barging down the hall and pushing open his door. "Hermione, wait!" Ron calls from behind her, arms nearly touching her shoulders. She glares back at him. "Ronald, we cannot let him wither away in there." At her hissing tone, he withers. "You know what—" he starts, then drops his hands. "Whatever. Do what you want. You're going to anyway." He turns around and goes into their room, closing the door loud enough that it echoes in the quiet hall. She sighs, but moves through Harry's door. He's still in the shower and she reckons she still has about twenty minutes based on his typical routine, but she doesn't want to take any chances. " Accio journal ." A drawer across the room begins to wriggle and open, then the journal comes to her hand. She smiles softly at the binding, running her hand up the spine, then opening the cover. Seeing the first page, she frowns. It's blank. She flips to the next—it's blank too. The next is the same. She grabs the edge and quickly goes through them, but they're all the same. " Oh Harry ." A noise from the shower startles her and she tiptoes across the room to replace the journal and close the drawer. On her way back out, she takes a look back over her shoulder and truly looks at Harry's room. It's tidier than she remembers. Hermione shakes her head and rushes through the door, leaving it open just as he likes it. Ron is by the window when she enters their room. He doesn't turn to look at her and she feels his anger from across the room. Moving behind him, she leans her forehead against his back and wraps her arms around him. "I'm sorry, Ron." He says nothing, but she feels the tension in him. "I'm just so worried, I—" He turns around. "Stop." She looks up at him, her arms still wrapped around his waist. "We're both worried about him, Hermione," he sighs, but continues. "The thing is that I'm not invading his privacy in order to check up on him. He's got to come to us!" His voice rises and Hermione tries to step back, but he holds her in place. "I love you, and I love that you care so much for him, but you've got to let him figure it out." He feels the slow roll of her shoulders as she begins to break apart. Ron tries to hold her together, but she collapses to the floor. All he can do is wrap his arms around her, whisper that "Everything will be all right," as he leaves soft kisses against the edge of her ear, the flat of her cheek. He catches the tears as they well up and she struggles to breathe. "I d-don't think s-so, this time, R-Ron," she hiccoughs. Ron wraps his arms and legs around her, holding her closer. "He needs time, love. We all need time." There, on the floor of their borrowed room, Hermione loses herself in her grief for a lost friend. The quill is rough against the inside of his thumb. Several barbs are broken, worn away from use, but Harry can't make himself toss it out. The nib is worn low and the ink comes out wide and splotched. If he's honest, it's a bit of a hazard to write with, but it's familiar; he needs something familiar. Looking at the parchment before him, Harry bites his lip, only realizes he does so when he clamps a bit too hard and soothes it with his tongue. The words he's written stare up at him as if they plan to destroy him. He reads them over carefully—one more time before sending it off. They don't know. They'll never know. I can never tell them. - Harry Not for the first time he wonders if it's too cryptic, if the recipient will understand the words he's written. Harry goes to ball up the strip of parchment, but rolls it instead, tying it with a bit of string and whistling for Pig. "Take it to him, and be sure he's alone, yeah?" He scratches under the owl's chin after attaching the letter and the bird blinks up at him before leaping from the sill. Harry makes his way over to the bed, pulling the blanket up to his shoulders as he scoots back against the frame. Across the room is the open window where he's faced with the endless possibilities of his actions. The response is swift. As Pig drops the letter at his feet, he feels a lurch deep in his belly. His fingers struggle to grab the edge, to pull the heavy weight toward him, the lead of the ink sinking low to the floor. He breaks the seal, runs his finger over its jagged edges, and begins to read. "Tell them, Harry. Tell someone. Tell Hagrid or McGonagall or…someone. This doesn't have to be your life." Harry thinks about the words. His lips form each one as he reads them over again, trying to understand what he means. He rushes over to the table and nearly knocks over his inkwell in the process of responding. How can it not be? It's gone. I'll never get it back. -Harry This time, the letter takes a little longer and Pig looks thoroughly put out by the use. Harry tosses a few treats over while he reads the newest letter. "Some things we lose by choice. Some things are taken from us. That doesn't mean we can't live with the loss of them." Harry clutches the letter between sweaty thumbs, rubs them across the words which are too heavy to bear. Once he's read it over several times, he tucks the letters away in a drawer with the journal—his place of unspoken words—and retreats to bed.