room: herself, Ginny, and an elderly woman in an odd hat. Harry explains his need for the room and they make plans to vacate. It's when he looks to her again, asks the question, that she has to think about it, about him. "I thought you were with Teddy, at your mum's?" "Harry, I-I just couldn't stand not knowing." His eyes are dark now and he nods to her. She flees from him, unable to stand in the tragic light he's filtered through. Tonks swallows as her legs slow down. She feels mired in sludge, just a tick too slow on the clock that moves ever closer to Remus. There is breathing and then there's breath, and she's out of both. Doubled over and looking from door to door, Tonks closes her eyes and feels. There is a thread that pulls her to him. There is some unknown bit of magic that's infused the both of them, but she trusts it. She hasn't trusted anything much in her life, but for this she willingly steps out between the wands of wizards. "Aberforth, have you seen him?" It's weak, and she thinks it's—thinks he's fading. "Last time I saw him, he was dueling Dolohov." The younger Dumbledore tilts his head toward the open ground behind him and then she's fleeing. She doesn't notice the ground beneath her feet change from stone to grass, nor does she register the massacre that's surrounding her as she hears it— "You will never—" There's a pregnant pause where Tonks knows the voice is his, but it's almost not his and she cries out. "—take what we have." A flash of red illuminates more than the darkness when it falls across Remus' arm. He takes the hit and falls to his knees, looking up at Dolohov. Remus crawls to his feet again, a shock of blue from his wand just grazing the Death Eater's calf. She wonders how long they've been fighting when she sees there are several other casualties around them. Faces bleed into blackness when she steps over bodies made of clay. All she can see is him . "Remus," she whispers. He looks at her for a fraction of a section and Dolohov takes advantage. Remus raises his wand, but knows it's too late when he looks back at Tonks. His eyes are begging her to go, but asking her to stay. When the spell hits him, Remus is mouthing the words I love— and then he is gone. Tonks runs forward, standing over her lover's body. Her nostrils flare and the tears hovering in her eyes threaten the limited vision she has of Antonin. "You do not deserve to live." The words he spits are acid in her ears and they burn to the pit of her stomach. She lifts her wand to duel him and something catches her attention. Beneath her, Remus' eyes are open and the gold has faded back to amber. Startled, she's caught off-guard when Dolohov starts walking closer. "Such a pity. I might have liked to play with you first." She ignores this as she kneels down to close Remus' eyes. It's when she rises that her wand is out, a shield spell keeping his Flipendo from touching her. She casts a quick " Incendio " which catches more of the surrounding bodies on fire than him and Tonks grinds her teeth in irritation. His eyes are calculating. He steps back rapidly and she moves to follow, but she doesn't see the outstretched hand of a fallen student. Tonks scrambles to move the offending appendage, to get back up, but she hears him and it's over—too fast—it was all for nothing. No , she thinks as she sees Remus sprawled across the ink-stained grass. It was everything . Her eyes are open, but it doesn't matter. There's no one to close them until the dead are counted and moved. When they are pulled down like shutters on a camera, the flash of light is all that's left burned into her retinas—all they could find if they looked. 10 th May 1998 – Morning Grey skies follow the defeat of Voldemort. They reign over Scotland for weeks following the backlash of magic that Harry's final battle caused. Many believe it to be the land's way of cleansing itself. Others feel the gods are punishing them for the waste of life. None of that matters to those attending funerals of those they loved. Ron and Hermione huddle together beside the caskets. His hand surrounds hers—a warm comfort as she shivers each time the names are mentioned. "Are you okay?" Ron nudges her gently, his cheek resting against hers. She's sniffling and dabbing at her eyes, but she nods. "I'm fine." Across the way, they see Harry holding Teddy. His hair changes colors rapidly from dark brown to pink to electric blue. He's crying as he hears his parents' names and Harry's trying to soothe him. He won't let Andromeda take the child from his arms. "Oh, Harry." Hermione's cries are a little louder now and Ron pulls her closer, rests a hand around her shoulders. Everyone looks up when a deep, warbling cry echoes between the stones. It's harsh and grating, but oddly beautiful. Ron spots the bird as it lands and gasps. "That's an Augurey. It's a bad omen, you know." He pulls Hermione close. She steps closer to the bird, its feathers so intensely green they're almost black. Its head lowers, continuing the mournful cry. Hermione looks back to Ron. "It's not a bad omen, Ron," she tells him quietly. "They sing when there's a storm coming. It's quite lovely, really." He looks at the pitiful creature whose voice doesn't quite match its thin, vulture-like appearance and he thinks of another creature whose skin didn't match with what he held inside. "It isn't fair," Ron's voice grates out, caught up with emotion. Hermione begins walking them toward Harry and Teddy, gripping his hand tightly. "It never is."