if he can keep himself up on his own. "You'll be so sore in the morning," Remus says, words slurring a little. "So fucking sore." He reaches one hand across Sirius's stomach and wraps it around his rock hard cock, feeling Sirius shake with the impending orgasm. "You feel so good," Remus pants, punctuating each word with a slick twist of his wrist. Sirius comes with a shudder, spilling all over his hand, saying his name over and over again like a mantra. It's that and the velvety feel of his arse that makes Remus's hips stammer and he comes too, head falling onto Sirius's shoulder. Completely spent, they collapse in a tangle of limbs and Remus has just about enough energy to roll of his condom and drop it into the bin by his bed. "Was that okay?" Remus asks a little anxiously as Sirius curls up into his side, face pressed into the crook of his neck. "It was brilliant," he replies, his voice muffled against the damp skin. Remus grins and extracts an arm from under Sirius so that he can wrap it around his body, pulling him close. Sirius doesn't protest so Remus drops a light kiss onto his head and closes his eyes, sighing in contentment. Before Sirius can think too much about how he never sleeps over after sex, his eyes droop pleasantly and the gentle scratch of Remus's fingers at the damp curls at his nape lulls him into a deep sleep. When Sirius wakes up, it's to an empty but rumpled bed. His heart sinks a little when he realizes it's 9 a.m. and that Remus is probably out there, in the living room, waiting for him to wake up. He hates the morning after and its harsh undercurrent of assumptions about it being anything more than the one night stand that Sirius is used to. He has never slept with the same person twice, with the exception of Remus Lupin, and that's bad enough without having Remus feed him breakfast too, and expecting him to call or God forbid, go out on a date. He winces as he tries to roll over. Remus hadn't been joking about the soreness, Sirius thinks as he gets out of the bed and looks down at the dried come on his stomach and chest with mild disgust. He should've washed up before falling asleep. Better yet, he shouldn't have fallen asleep. Grabbing his boxers from the floor, he pulls them on before peeking hesitantly out of the bedroom. "Remus?" he calls out, walking into the living room, wanting to ask if it's okay for him to take a quick shower before he heads out. There's no answer though, and a quick look around shows him that the other man is definitely not in the flat. Sirius sighs and heads back to the bedroom, deciding he'd just hop in and out of the shower and gather his things quickly and leave. Turning on the water, Sirius steps into the stall and hisses as the hot water hits him. It feels good against his sore muscles. Lathering up quickly, he washes himself, all the while tamping down the memories of last night. Remus's tongue at his arsehole, his fingers inside him and oh god, the absolutely delicious feeling of getting fucked. "Oh sod it," he mutters as he jerks off to the thought of watching himself getting fucked in Remus's mirror. That had been quite a power move, he thinks as he turns off the water and reaches for a towel. He should add that to his own sexual repertoire. Drying himself, he grabs his pants and his shirt from the chair near the door and dresses. The lack of any noise tells him that Remus is still not back. He looks around for his wallet and keys and finding them on the dressing table, pockets them and hurries out to the living room. That's when the door opens and Remus walks in, carrying two large shopping bags and wearing a bright smile. "Oh good, you're up," he says, coming over with the bags still in his hands and kissing Sirius, who is so surprised at the suddenness of it that he just stands there, hands by his sides. "Did you sleep okay?" Remus asks, turning to deposit the bags on the counter. Sirius can see a loaf of bread sticking out from one and some spring onions from the other. He swallows. This is not good at all. "Great," he replies automatically, watching as Remus begins to unpack the groceries. Sirius clears his throat and decides to nip it in the bud while he still can. "Uh, Remus?" he starts at the same time as Remus asks him how he likes his eggs. Remus looks up with a smile. Sirius swallows again. "I'd love to stay for breakfast, believe me, but I really have to get going. It's 9.30 and I promised my friend I'd pick him from the station at 10," he finds himself lying. Remus's face falls slightly. "You sure you're not just trying to get out of an absolutely smashing breakfast with me?" he asks playfully. Sirius forces a laugh and shakes his head as Remus steps towards him again. "Well, you call me then, okay?" Remus says, slipping both arms around his waist and bringing him to nuzzle at his jaw before kissing him again. Sirius kisses back this time, but pulls back quickly. "I had fun last night," he admits, feeling like he owes the other man this much at least. "I'm glad," Remus grins. "Next time, I'd like to eat you out and then fuck you." Alarms in Sirius's brain go off at the mention of 'next time' but his crotch begins to ache pleasantly at Remus saying he wanted to fuck him again. "Sure," Sirius agrees, pulling himself away from Remus as casually as he can and heading for the door. "See you," Remus tells him. Sirius just nods.