assistance to them when Kaira shook her head and turned her head toward the painting of her Grandfather. "Grandfather would you kindly go to your frame at Uncle Alphard's house and ask him to come to Professor Dumbledore's office" Kaira asked him in the nicest tone she could muster. "And why brat would I do that" Phineas sneered at her. "Because Grandfather if you wish Regulus to continue the Black name you will do this" Kaira threatened, Phineas gave a huff before disappearing off to the side of the portrait. Dumbledore looked at her for a few moments, "You have thought this threw quite a bit Miss Black" He commented. "Hindsight is an amazing thing Professor" He hummed at her before looking at the other two who looked at the Black girl in shock, though they knew it was something that she didn't do to send them back here they half wondered if she was actually trying to find an actually way to send herself into the past. "I do imagine that you all are very much actually not of school age, but I can see the merit of actually starting with Death eaters that you know from your time. You know how they are going to react, how they fight. "You have thought this threw quite a bit but I suspect you haven't got a plan to actually take down Tom yet" Dumbledore guessed as he opened one of his draws pulling out a bowl of what looked like lollies of different sorts, offering it to them. Only Draco took one, both the girls kindly refused. "I wasn't present for what it took to take Voldemort down Sir, but Hermione was. But with all due respect Sir, I think it might be wise for you to know only certain things at the moment" Kaira stated this too got a shocked look from both Hermione and Draco. Dumbledore laughed nodding his head in agreement with the girl. "I quite agree Miss Black, right now, but if things do get worse we will have to speak" though the older wizards tone was still light there was slight promising tone to his voice, Kaira nodded her head giving Dumbledore a smile. Before any of them could say another word, the headmaster's fireplace lit up and out of it came a very disgruntled looking older man, who looked to be in his late sixties. Kaira imagined that he looked somewhat like what she thought her father would have looked like if he had made it two his sixty and didn't have to go to Azkaban. "What is it Albus?" Alphard damned as he walked cautious towards his desk, "Being woken by the old fart this late at night is not something I enjoy". Dumbledore smiled at the man as he heard Phineas grumble as he made his way back to his portrait. "Forgive me old friend but I would not have asked if it wasn't important, and I'm guess dear Phineas didn't explain to why we were in need of your assistance though, I'm not sure myself" Dumbledore tried to explain as he walked around his des to shake the man hand in greeting. "The old man only mutter about a brat of a child, at first I thought he was talking about Sirius but why would he be at school in the middle of summer holidays" Alphard returned the gesture. Kaira could help but snort at that, brat of a child was defiantly a first. Her snort caused Alphard to look in her and her companions direction. "Alphard I would like to introduce you to, Kaira Black, Draco Malfoy and Hermione Granger" Dumbledore introduced watching his old friends expression change dramatically eyes becoming extremely wide. "That isn't possible Albus there are no other Black or Malfoy children" Alphard stared wide eyed. "That would be because Uncle we are yet to be born" Draco answered for them. Alphard looked ready to collapse. The three teens imagined if Dumbledore hadn't conjured a chair for him that he properly would have. He fell heavily into the chair rubbing his hand over his face letting out an exhausted sigh as he did so. "How is this possible?" Alphard sighed out running his hand into his hair giving a slight tug. Hermione spoke next, "We aren't quite sure of what kind of magic sent us here but we do know that we have been sent with a task and we are hoping that you would be able to give us a hand accomplishing some of that" He looked up into the face of the young ones, "How can I help". Kaira looked at him, "We only need a place to stay and for you to pretend to be guardian. We can't go to the Malfoy's with this because of their ties to the death eaters and we can't go to Hermione's family because their muggles, by going to you we have a way to infiltrate the without being too obvious about it" Kaira explained "No it wouldn't be obvious at all me suddenly having three children" he replied sarcastically. "It wouldn't be all three of us you would only be claiming an actually blood relative, I'm the only one with black as my last name, Hermione and Draco could become your adopted children for the sake of going to school" Kaira explained again. "Why would you want to keep you last name" Alphard looked at her like she was insane. "Because we are going to need to get into the Malfoy Manor and it would be easy for a Black, they wouldn't trust someone who suddenly was another Malfoy and a muggle born wouldn't have a hope" Hermione caught on to what Kaira was trying to explain to Alphard. "By keeping the name, it keeps a tiny bit of power with it" Draco added into the end catching on as well, soon all of the teenagers where smiling. They could make a difference. I Hope you liked