fit clanking together. "Undetectable Extension Charm?" She nodded. "Brilliant girl," he muttered. "You got any shampoo in here?" Sirius summoned several items from the bag, including a change of clothes for her, and was reaching for the flannel when Remus called him from the bedroom. He handed Hermione the flannel and told her he'd be right back. "Remus, I need you to go out and get a bunch of stuff. Potions, food… anything you can think of." Remus nodded. "Yeah, I know. I'm on my way out. You don't have any money on you, do you?" "Oh, yeah, sure." He handed over his pouch. "I don't know how much is in there - " "I'm sure it'll be enough. How is she?" Remus asked. Sirius sighed. "I don't know yet. Merlin only knows what Bella put her through. Crazy fucking bitch was demented even before Azkaban. Ron says they could hear her screams all the way down in the dungeon." Remus winced. "Damn. I remember hearing her down there, but I thought it was our heightened senses." "Apparently not. Hey, before you go, could you do something with the bed? Make it more habitable? Hermione's going to stay here for now," Sirius said. "Oh, and when you're getting potions, get something for a sore throat." "Yeah," Remus nodded. "Alright, I'll be back in a bit. I'll try to be quick." "Thanks, mate." Sirius walked back to the bathroom. "Hermione?" he called, knocking lightly on the door. "I'm coming back in, kitten." He entered the bathroom to find Hermione still sitting in the water that now had a pink tinge to it, scrubbing furiously at her left forearm. She was sniffling and shaking and didn't flinch when he walked in. "Whoa, whoa, whoa!" he said, grabbing her wrists to stop her. "Easy there, angel. Let me see - oh, fuck." Hermione looked up at him, then, devastation written all over her face and Sirius couldn't help but wrap his arms around her, awkward as it was with her still in the tub. Water sloshed about, soaking through his shirt, but he couldn't care less. All he could do was hold her while he breathed deep, forcing his fury and desperate desire for revenge back down before they could take over. She needed him sane right now. He grit his teeth and pulled back. "Okay. Alright. Uh… I've got some murtlap here somewhere, hang on… " Sirius let go of her briefly to tear through his cabinet again, grabbing the small bottle of murtlap essence, then rushed into the bedroom to find a collection of silk handkerchiefs from years and years before that really should have been thrown out during the Summer of Cleaning. He knelt back down beside the tub and ripped the handkerchiefs into strips, carefully drying her arm before soaking the strips in the murtlap and then wrapping the cloth around the slur, and covering it all with an Impervious Charm. Sirius kissed the back of her hand, then picked up the flannel. Seeing the blood on it, he charmed it cleaned, turned the water opaque again and began washing her back. When he was done, he handed the flannel back to her and told her to give the rest of herself a scrub while he worked on her hair. He lathered the tangled mess and tenderly massaged her scalp, trying to soothe her in any way he could before using his wand to rinse out the shampoo and then working the conditioner into her curls. He was so engrossed in his task, he almost missed the way her skin was beginning to pink. "Hermione," he said, laying a hand on her shoulder. "Go easy, kitten." She looked away from him. "I know, love. I understand what you're trying to do," he told her gently, giving her shoulder a squeeze. Hermione hung her head, but stopped her washing. Sirius finished her hair, and helped her stand, wrapping her in a towel and being careful to keep his eyes averted as much as possible. He reached for the change of clothes he'd summoned from her bag, but thought twice. In his haste, he'd pulled out jeans and a t-shirt. That wouldn't do. "Hang on, love," he said, digging into his wardrobe once more. He pulled out an old Led Zeppelin t-shirt of his and enlarged it slightly, just to make sure. He handed it to her along with the knickers he'd pulled out earlier. "Do you think you can get these on yourself?" She nodded and Sirius turned his back once again. Hermione touched his arm when she was finished. "Okay, kitten, now - do you want to try to walk to the bed or shall I carry you?" he asked. She looked conflicted, so he decided for her. "Why don't I carry you this time, hmm? Come on," he said, wrapping an arm around her waist and hooking the other under her knees. Sirius walked over to the bed, making a mental note to thank Remus for changing the sheets and turning them down for him, and carefully set her down, pulling the sheets up and tucking her in. "I want you to try and get some sleep, okay? I'm going to go talk to the boys and wait for Remus, but I'll be checking on you to see if you need anything." He hesitated. "Love, Harry and Ron will need to know about what happened to you. If you want, I can tell them now, or that can wait until you're ready to talk to them - " Hermione shook her head violently. She didn't want to talk about it. Ever. She didn't even want to think about it. "Okay, okay," Sirius placated. "Do you want me to tell them?" She nodded. "What about this?" he asked, running a finger down her left arm. "Bella did this, didn't she?" She nodded again, her lower lip trembling. "Alright," Sirius sighed, and kissed her forehead. "Sleep, kitten. You're safe here."