The little elf turned to go, but stopped. "Missy Hermione?" "Yes?" "You is going to have a baby, yes? A little master or miss?" "Yes, Polly, I am. But I don't know whether it's a boy or a girl." "Elves have magic; we cans tell. Do you wants me to tell you?" "NO!" Hermione hollered, startling the elf. "I mean, no" she said more quietly, "I'd rather wait until the child is born." "I shall takes care of both of you!" the elf squealed excitedly. Hermione laughed. "I'm sure you will. Tomorrow I have an appointment before classes begin with Madam Pomfrey. Can you make sure I have some tea and a few crackers ready before I go?" "Yes, Missy Hermione, I will. Will you needs anything before bed tonight?" "I don't think so. I have a staff meeting in an hour. Once that's over, I'll get something to eat from the kitchens and then go to bed." "Yes, Miss." "Good night, Polly." Hermione braced herself outside of the doors to the teacher's room. Minerva had planned that the staff would meet once she'd arrived in order to introduce her, discuss her pregnancy, and get her acquainted with her classes. "Either go in or don't but get out of the way, Miss Granger. Some of us have things to do." It had been years since she had heard his voice, and although it shocked her that it had changed so much, it nevertheless still caused her to quake a bit. However, she was not going to let it intimidate her now. "Still your sarcastic bastard self, I see." "Some things never change," he rasped dryly and glanced down at the slight swell of her abdomen with a sneer. "Now," and he shoved Hermione into the room as he spoke, "get in!" "Severus! Don't push the girl! It's quite rude," Minerva scolded her colleague. "Come along, Hermione; there's a seat here near me." She led Hermione to a comfortable looking desk chair. To the rest of the room she spoke, "Now that everyone has gathered, let's get the meeting started." Minerva sat at the head of the table. "Many of you know Miss Granger, but for the few new faces on staff, let me introduce Miss Hermione Granger. She will be teaching Muggle Studies now that Professor Dietrich has left us." "And good riddance," chimed in Professor Flitwick. "Headmistress," began Severus, "I must speak." "Go ahead, Severus." "We as teachers are to be above reproach in our conduct in front of the students. I hardly see how Miss Granger's current condition is conducive to that conduct." Hermione sat up straight. "What are you implying, Professor Snape?" "I'm not implying anything, Miss Granger, only questioning whether or not your conduct would be an example to the students." Hermione stood from her chair and approached Professor Snape, stopping knee to knee with him where he was seated. "Of course you're teaching career is riddled with examples of the highest conduct, no?" She glared at him. "The circumstances surrounding my pregnancy are no one's business but my own and certainly not for you to speculate upon." She looked down at the man who treated her and her friends so rottenly when she was younger. Shaking her head, she turned to the room at large. "Just so we can end the gossip ," she spat the word out, "I was in a relationship for three years with a man I met through my work at the Ministry. We had a loving relationship, and I thought we would marry. On the day I discovered I was pregnant, he returned home from work and announced that he had obtained the promotion he was hoping for. It meant a transfer to China and is quite hush hush as they say. I offered to transfer to the embassy in China, but found out that witches are not welcome in governmental positions there. When I intimated that he would need a base to come home to, he said that would not be possible. The ensuing argument brought to light that our relationship was more one sided than I suspected." Hermione stopped speaking and moved to a window. "Hermione," said Minerva. "We don't need to know all this. It's your business, not ours. I have no problem with your teaching our students." "No, I want you all to know. That way you can stop the rumours that will spread, if you wish." She looked pointedly at Severus. "Jani and I argued for quite a long time about our relationship that evening. He said we could go no further as there could be no entanglements, quote, unquote." She wiggled her fingers in the air to emphasis the word entanglements. "That's when I told him I was pregnant. He wanted me to abort the child. While that is an option for some women, it is not for me. He was insistent. I then demanded he get his things and leave the flat. Just before he left, he disclaimed the baby. I have gone to my solicitor and ensured all his parental rights have been severed both magically and non-magically. The child is mine and mine alone. "So now, Professor Snape, you know the reason behind my apparent misconduct . I will not announce to the students what happened, but if asked, I will not lie. Minerva and I have already discussed just what information I will give them. Should the students ask any of you, please direct them to her or me." She returned to her seat when she had finished speaking. The room was quite silent after that, and Hermione sat staring at Professor Snape so long that she was pleased to see him actually wiggle in discomfort. "Can we get on with this meeting, Minerva?" he snapped. "Very well," she answered, shuffling a few parchments about. "It seems as though there has been an uptick in pranks between classes….. A/N: 'Kulta' is a Finnish term of endearment meaning akin to 'love'.