today on the start of term?" Fudge turned white. "Hogwarts? But – but – but –" "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was at Hogwarts?" Molly shrieked. "Yes," Dumbledore replied with a nod. "Earlier than I had hoped, but not entirely unexpected." "WHAT!" more than one voice loudly exclaimed. "Why didn't you do something if you were expecting He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named to come to Hogwarts?" the auror questioned Dumbledore. "What makes you think I didn't?" Molly, however, had other concerns. "What about the children? Shouldn't you have warned the parents? To think, my children and He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named running around Hogwarts at the same time!" Arthur nodded his head. "I can't imagine what that would be like." Ginny could, though. "You almost feel sorry for him, getting pranked by Fred and George. I could see him waking up with pink robes and explosive diarrhea." However, as a kid, everyone ignored her. Though, Dumbledore's eyes did seem to twinkle in silent amusement, but they were doing that anyways. Dumbledore soothingly raised his hands. "Now, now. I assure you, my students were never in any real danger. Voldemort had other goals and the staff knew to keep a keen eye out. He was also hitchhiking; his spirit was hidden within the body of another. A wizard who had agreed to help him. Aurors are already dealing with that and have it well in hand. I'm here merely to investigate that miraculous light." The group took him at his word that Hogwarts was never in any danger. Focusing upon Ginny again, Dumbledore addressed her. "Could you tell us more about what happened?" Ginny noticed all eyes were upon her now, even Fudge's, who was still grumbling, "There's no proof she should get an Order of Merlin, First Class." Ginny blinked as she gave thought to her answer. "Well, we – my family and I – were walking towards the barrier when I felt a strange tug – like I should turn around. Looking over, I saw a boy. There was this need to kiss ... and I don't remember anything after that." "Curious, curious," Dumbledore mused. "Do you know what happened, Sir?" Arthur Weasley inquired of the respected headmaster. Everyone leaned in to hear Dumbledore's response. "Not a clue. Nothing like this has ever occurred before. But then, no one like these kids ever existed before. I am always amazed and amused by how unique every person is. An inexhaustible multitude of traits and personalities on display. Why, just take a trip through the London Underground -" Fudge couldn't contain himself any longer. "We don't care about that, you bloody fool. Get to the part where suddenly we're giving awards away like penny candy to any random child." Dumbledore shot fudge a withering look, which Fudge shrank away from. "Something special happened here, that much is clear. Something that I can not explain, but what I do understand is that this kiss, perhaps by some inborn power of young Miss Weasley, awakened a power within young Harry. This ability, perhaps powered by the one thing Voldemort could never understand, love, was able to reach out to the Dark Lord and all of the pieces of his soul, merge them back into a whole, and then, without his horcruxes to anchor him to the realm of the living, he passed on." "What? Haircrust! Pieces of Souls! What jibber-jabber is this?" Fudge was turning purple. "Ah yes, well I had some suspicion, but today I learned enough to piece together what probably occurred ten years ago." "Could you explain this to us, Sir? I'm having trouble following you," Arthur pleaded politely. "Certainly, why don't we all go someplace more private? I do need to return to Hogwarts soon, so we can either find a place nearby or we could all adjourn to my office at Hogwarts." "Hogwarts would be fine. I am interested in seeing the scene there," the auror stated. "Yes, we could all apparate to Hogsmeade and walk to Hogwarts," the head obliviator agreed. "Very well, then." Headmaster Dumbledore nodded his agreement. "I shall be in my office, just come straight up when you arrive. The password for the gargoyle is 'Sugar Quills'. I'll see you soon." And with a spin, Dumbledore was gone. Arthur kneeled down in front of his young daughter. "Would you like to go home with Mum? You must have had a very stressful day." Ginny shook her head. She was curious herself what the Headmaster had to say, and she felt like she was a part of it and should know. "I'm fine Daddy. I want to see Hogwarts with you and Mummy." "Alright, pumpkin. But if you feel tired at any point, just let us know, OK?" "OK, Daddy." Molly took Ginny's hand and placed it on her arm in preparation for a side-along apparation. The auror and head obliviator had already left for Hogsmeade, eager to satisfy their curiosity. Soon, the family joined them at the wizarding village. Arthur and Molly tried to walk quickly, seeing the retreating backs of the other two ministry workers as they determinedly made their way to Hogwarts. However, Ginny was slowing them down. Besides having small legs, she was staring all around her. This was her first time in Hogsmeade. "Come along Ginny, or I'll just take you straight home," Molly scolded her youngest child. Ginny sped up to keep better pace. She didn't want to be sent home. Soon, the Weasleys arrived at the gate to Hogwarts, which stood open to receive them. Ahead of them, the auror and obliviator had already entered the grounds without any hesitation. But Ginny paused just inside the gate to gasp at the sight of the castle. "Beautiful!" she thought to herself, before her mother tugged her arm to get her moving again. "Yes, it is," a faint voice that sounded like Harry's sounded in her mind, agreeing with her. Ginny's eyes shot open. She was sure of it this time. She did hear Harry in her head. "Harry? Is that you?"