turn her head, continuing to pet her cat, who had moved to settle on her lap. "Watching the result of your superiority complex and bullying tactics," Amara replied emotionlessly. "Would you like to join or are you too cowardly to watch the results osidf your own idiocrasy?" There was silence beside her. She turned to look at him, fully expecting him to have walked away, and was surprised to find him still standing next to her. Very close next to her. Holding a hand to a very bloody nose. "Someone finally give you what you deserved?" Malfoy snorted then winced. "I didn't do anything to deserve this, Gryffindor's Princess just punched me for no reason." Amara glared at him and from her lap her cat hissed. He looked down at her and scowled. "I did nothing!" he protested. "Get on your knees and move your hand away from your head." The shock on his face made her yearn for her camera stashed away in her trunk. His face made her smile. "Did I stutter?" she asked, keeping her tone polite. "I don't get on my knees for anyone," Malfoy retorted venomously. "Well, it's that or face people seeing you walk down the halls with a bloody nose-that punch of Granger's will get around real quick." Amara settled back into the sill, one hand on her cat, the other loosely holding her wand. A shuffling noise came from right and she was pleasantly surprised to see Malfoy actually sitting down on the ground next to her, facing the window. His hand, covered in blood, rested in his lap, his eyes lowered to the ground in humility. Amara moved her cat to the side, swinging her legs around in front of her and holding her wand in front of her. "Time to see if I learned this charm correctly," she said cheerily, muttering a short charm and Malfoy swung his head up to her, a cry of disbelief leaving his mouth, turning into a small cry of pain and bringing his hand sharply to his nose. "You've never done that charm before? Just wait until my-" ""Yeah yeah your father hears about it, I know," Amara muttered in an annoyed tone, turning back to the window. "If this is what I get for helping you just do me a favor and stay away." "You can't just say you've never tried a spell before and perform it on someone's face !" he shouted. "Well it worked didn't it?" "But you've never practiced it?" "Of course I have, how else would I have learned it?! I just haven't had a human subject to practice on yet." Both of their voices had risen and it had occurred to Malfoy that anyone could overhear them, so he cast a flimsy silencing charm that had Amara frowning. She reached out to touch his nose and he flinched away, his wand coming up between them. "What, are you too afraid to let my Mudblood hand taint your flawless skin? Get over your fucking prejudices Malfoy, they might leave you with more marks on your face than a half-broken nose. Ones that can't be fixed with a simple spell even those idiots you call friends can remember hearing about." As if backing his owner, her cat hissed and swiped in Malfoy's direction, his ears flattened against his head and tail puffed. "Your cat is as crazy as you are, Stormwind," Malfoy scoffed. "Bloody demon possessed thing." "Guess that means I picked his name accurately- wait, did you just call me by my name? What, did Granger punch all of your insults out of your brain?" His walls were up in an instant, she could tell. His grey eyes hardened, his face tensed, and he stood stiffly, a sneer contorting his face. The small trail of blood left over from his previously broken nose was prominent on his pale face. "I would never familiarize myself with one of your… kind," he said angrily, pulling himself away. She could hear the disgust in his tone but couldn't match it to any feeling in his eyes. He lowered his eyes in an instant, as if sensing she knew he didn't believe in himself. The faint sound of footsteps and giggling first years trickled down the otherwise empty hall as the two looked away from each other, one standing stiffly and the other sitting morosely. As Malfoy shuffled his feet Amara looked out her window again, her magnification charm showing Buckbeak laying down in a patch of pumpkins, looking as if he knew what his fate a few more moments was. "You should leave," she said, breaking the silence between them. "I don't need you to tell me what to do," Malfoy snapped, before sighing and running a hand through his already ruffled hair. "Unless you want to see the repercussions of you constantly complaining to your father over nothing and dealing with having your nose rebroken, I would suggest leaving." Her words were met with a silence of disbelief. She didn't turn her head to face him. This mood was a complete 180 from when he had first entered her spot but she didn't care. "Who are you to tell me what to do?" Something inside her snapped; in an instant her wand was in hand and she was on her feet, sending Malfoy's wand skittering into a corner as hers touched his robes. Her eyes burned slightly with oncoming tears. "Since you are the reason for a good chunk of the misery I feel today, sentencing an innocent creature TO DEATH over your own fucking ego." He said nothing after that, choosing to simply stare before hesitantly walking away. She stayed in her seat, looking out at a dismal day, arms wrapped around her legs as tears slowly fell. It wasn't long before she murmured Finite on the window and trudged back to the Tower, little Demon trailing behind her. She didn't hear from Malfoy for the rest of the year.