school soon." "Excuse me, sir. I know I'm taking up what I'm sure is your very valuable time, but would it be all right if I browsed the shelves for two minutes while I find my books. I promise I won't be a second longer." The girl's fingers toyed with the hem of her too-long shirt. Her voice barely above a whisper, she looked up at the man through long lashes nervously. "Two minutes, Miss Potter, and not a second longer." The threat was clear in his voice. She didn't want to know what he would do if she took any longer so she didn't. His eyes followed her as she quickly assembled her school books and began pulling other books off the shelf from various areas, counting in her head. Sure that it had almost been two minutes, she grabbed her stack and met Professor Snape by the register. Both he and the man behind the register, Tilger his name tag said, eyed her stack warily before her purchases were rung up. Tilger swept a hand over his bald head before he went through her choices and began tallying up her total, "Ah, all the first year books of course, good luck in Howarts. Oh I see you have quite the variety of interests, Miss Potter. Bonham's Healing Basics , Traditional Customs for the Picturesque Pureblood , as well as Household Charms for the Charming Host ? Fascinating choices." She flushed under the attention and paid for her books before placing them inside her new rucksack and thanking him. Professor Snape stopped her as they left the bookstore. He appeared to hesitate before grinding out, "You will be staying with your relatives again until the start of term. I believe you can find your way back from the end of the drive if we apparate back? Keep in mind that it is exceedingly illegal to use magic outside of school." She nodded and he handed her her train ticket. "Thank you, sir. I looked forward to learning much under your tutelage." She gave him a small smile. The man made no outward reaction to her response save a single eyebrow raising as if to say, "We shall see." He let her take his arm once more and with a sharp CRACK they were back at the end of Privet Drive. Hyacinth waved goodbye to him as she walked away and made her way back down Privet Drive. No doubt her Aunt and Uncle would be furious with her when she returned. She opened the front door carefully, making sure all of her belongings were securely fastened inside her rucksack before she made a mad dash for her cupboard, furiously shoving the bag under her already lumpy mattress. With any luck, they would have no idea it was there. These things were her proof that the day had been real, that she belonged somewhere other than here, with these people. She sat and waited for the inevitable. Vernon returned from work soon after, muttering under his breath to himself before greeting his wife. Petunia whispered quickly to him, though Hyacinth had trouble hearing much, "That girl... back... cupboard... surely..." It went quiet and Hyacinth let out the shaky breath she'd been holding in. Suddenly, the cupboard door flew open and a large, meaty hand grabbed her wrist roughly, pulling her out of the cramped area. She was pushed on to the cold, dirt-speckled linoleum floor of the kitchen and felt her hair being pulled back, fingers tangled in her thick brown wavy locks, holding her up. "That other freak isn't here now, eh? Were you too freaky even for that lot?" She heard her Uncle's gleeful voice as he pulled her head around using her hair. Her scalp felt like it would separate from her skull at any moment and Hyacinth couldn't help the frightened whimper the feeling illicited. Her hair suddenly released, the rest of her body fell to the floor unceremoniously, fingers gripping unsuccessfully at the dirty floor beneath her. "That's the best place for you, there. On the floor. Beneath the rest of us. You'll clean the floor like you should've done today while you were out . Then you'll go to the cupboard without dinner, where you'll stay until you're told otherwise." Here her Uncle laughed, "You'll be lucky if you get anything at all to eat in the next few days, girl. Now get cleaning!" The floor shook slightly as the beast retreated to the comfort of the living room to engage in "family time" with his wife and son. Hyacinth pushed herself up, one hand rubbing her tender head. She quickly got to scrubbing the floor, leaving only a clean white in her path, the laughter coming from the TV in the other room a dull roar, determined to not leave a single speck of dirt that could cause a harsher punishment than this. She was surprised this was all she had to deal with. Perhaps now that the Dursleys knew that she had learned she was a witch they were... scared of her? Hyacinth frowned. She didn't think anyone would ever be as scared of her as she was of her Uncle. The girl-who-lived didn't sleep at all that night. Once her relataives had gone to bed, she had been alone in her cupboard with a small flashlight, burried deep in the knowledge of the books she had bought. Her favorite by far was Bonham's Healing Basics . The book went over the basics of anatomy, and then proceeded to give examples of which charms were used to heal certain ailments and why, as well as the need for potions over spells in some cases, and vice versa in others. She wondered if healing would be a class at Hogwarts. By the look of her required texts, it wasn't likely. She sighed happily nontheless. Magic was real, she would soon be leaving the Dursleys for months on end, that was all that mattered.