although it's not today, I promise it will happen one day." Ron placed a hand on her shoulder and turned her around. "I promise. I love you." "Not today?" Hermione hated the watery quality to her voice and the way it made something in Ron's eyes darken in fear. "N-not today, but if you can wait. . ." Hermione smiled at him and leant forward to pull him close. "I can wait. I love you." Ron sagged in her arms, closing his eyes and wrapping his own around her, pulling her impossibly close. "That one's a memory for the wall," Hermione heard Lori whisper and she smiled as well. It definitely was a memory to keep. It was a day she hated to remember, even if it was the day her new life really started. Just back from a two-month long holiday to visit her parents, All Hermione wanted to do was sit in the cafe and spend some time with Lori and Eva. Somehow, she didn't think that was going to happen. As Hermione stared at the boarded up windows of the cafe she'd fallen in love with all those years ago, her heart ached. The bright red closed stamp plastered on the front hurt her eyes. Ron, standing next to her squeezed her hand in comfort, but he looked as devastated as she felt. "Hey, you two alright?" Hermione didn't turn away from the cafe front, but she sensed Ron turning and heard his low voice talking to the man. She didn't listen or take in anything until Ron shook her shoulder. "Come on, I know where Eva is. We'll go see her." Hermione remembers asking Ron where Eva was and why he didn't mention Lori, but he only shook his head. "All I know is that Eva is at the hospital." She doesn't remember the ride to the hospital. She doesn't remember walking through front doors and being directed to the cancer ward. She just remembers the feeling of intense sadness as she sees the once lively woman lying in the hospital bed like a frail old lady. "Hermione," Eva said when they entered the room, "and Ron of course." Ron said a soft hello, but Hermione couldn't make her voice work. Eva sounded so frail and old . She couldn't walk closer despite wanting to hold the woman's hand and Ron looked back at her with such sadness that she felt tears form. "Hermione, sweetie, come here." Eva struggled to sit in the bed and Hermione found herself obeying without thinking. Eva's hand found Hermione's and held in a light grip. She brushed the top of Hermione's hand with her thumb and smiled at her. "Don't look so sad, I'm eighty-nine years old after all." Hermione sniffled and shook her head. "You were meant to live forever," she said despite knowing how childish and illogical she was being. Eva just smiled at her and shook her head. "You know that's not how it works, dear." A tear slipped down Hermione's cheek and she was quick to wipe it away. "Where's Lori?" she asked in a desperate attempt to distract herself. When Hermione saw Eva's eyes darken, she knew there would be no distraction. "She passed away a few weeks ago," Eva said, tears obvious in her voice. "We've always done things together, so I guess dying in no different, hey?" Hermione tried to suppress a sob, but it didn't quite work. She felt the tears slip down her cheeks and heard Ron pacing behind her, his own breaths ragged and harsh. "H-how?" Eva shrugged, but it was obvious she was in a lot of pain remembering her friend's death. "She got a cold that never went away," she said with a tired voice. "You know, when I was diagnosed, I realised I was going to die before Lori and I was relieved ." Hermione could feel her whole body shaking but she didn't stop Eva. It was clear Eva needed to speak about this, and Hermione wanted to be the person that listened. "I didn't want to be the one left behind, but here I am, alone," she said with a wave of her hand around the room. "You're not alone," both Ron and Hermione said instantly. Jumping, Hermione turned to Ron with wide eyes who shrugged with a dopey and sad grin. Eva smiled at them, pulling Hermione forward and waving her free hand at Ron, telling him to come over. "I suppose I'm not." Eva shook her head and they stood for a moment in silence. When Hermione felt like she was about to start crying again, Eva spoke. "Did I ever tell you my full name?" Hermione laughed and shook her head. "No, you said it was too horrible to hear." Five days later Evangeline Seraphina White was buried next to Lori Mabel Johnson, forever resting together. "Ready?" Hermione turns around and smiles at Ron as she wipes a stray tear away. "Yeah, just remembering," she says, looking around the cafe they'd spent so much time in. Ron nods like he knows what she means. He probably does. "They'd have been so happy to see the place," he says, looking around as well. "You think?" Hermione turns to Ron, needing reassurance that she was doing the right thing. "Absolutely." The lack of doubt in Ron's voice reassures her more than she thinks she needs, and she straightens up again. "Right," she says, walking to the front. "Let's do this together." Ron walks to stand next to her, his hand settling on her's. "Lori and Eva's cafe is open for business," she says, flipping the closed sign to open. "And for new memories," Ron says next to her, linking their hands and moving away from the door. Hermione smiles and looks at the board covered in pictures of past customers, the large one of Lori and Eva only months before their passing in the place of honour. "And for new memories." (w.c 2,998) WolfWinks-xx-