the boys. "Alright boys. Back to the Dorms. Go," she nodded to the doors and escorted them out. Harry remembered the way from earlier and led Malfoy along. "Come on Malfoy, this way," he said, leading the way through the halls towards the moving staircases and towards Gryffindor Tower. "Why are you being so nice?" Draco asked suddenly. Stopping and just watching Potter. Harry turned in surprise and cocked his head slightly. "What do you mean, Malfoy?" Harry asked him, curious. "I mean, I wasn't that nice to you when we first met. So why are you being so nice to me now?" the blonde boy asked, his voice portraying just how difficult it was to talk about this so casually. "I decided to give you another chance. I don't like it when people get hurt. And you were being hurt, so I had to stop it. And you weren't a brat then, so I decided you deserved another chance," Harry explained his reason as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. And for him, it was. But to Draco, this was a very foreign concept and it was very difficult for him to understand. "Oh. Okay. Um...Thanks," Draco looked at Harry and his words were quiet, unsure, and seemed a little forced as well. Harry shrugged and nodded toward the stairs. "Come on, we have to hurry," he then turned and headed for the stairs. Draco followed behind, still quite confused about the boy who was Harry Potter. In one day, the young Malfoy had experienced so many strange things, he wasn't really sure how to handle it. So, he simply followed Harry Potter to the Gryffindor Common Room. He hadn't joined the First Years on the tour to the Common Room after the Sorting Ceremony, so he had no idea where he was going. Instead of doing so earlier, he had run to find Severus. His godfather was not what everyone thought him to be. He was very scary, sure, but to Draco he really wasn't. His godfather was more like his father than his real father, -not that the blonde eleven year old would ever admit that- and Draco had been so glad when Severus hadn't cursed him on sight, as his father would most likely do. Severus was less evil than most thought him to be, and Draco didn't know why, but the man did not seem too affected by Draco's House. Mind you, he was confused and little angry, but nothing like Draco's father would be. Lucius Malfoy would be beyond angry, that was for sure. Draco was brought out from his thoughts when Harry spoke. "Fortuna Major," Harry said, speaking to the fat lady in the painting. "Hello, dear," she smiled and let the boys pass through. As soon as they stepped in, they were rushed by a bunch of Gryffindors, rushing towards Malfoy with not so nice looks on their faces. The young blonde boy shrank back slightly and Harry stepped up as if to protect him. That shocked quite a few of them. The famous Harry Potter, protecting a Malfoy? Thinking there must be a reason, some backed off. But others, who knew of the blonde boy's father and family, sneered at him and went on trying to scare the young boy. "Hello, Harry," Two voices blended together as they shoved through the crowd. "Get off 'em. Bloody hell! Leave 'em be, come on." George and Fred Weasley stepped up and shooed people away. They each slung an arm over Harry's shoulders. "How are you, Harry?" George asked. "Come on, Malfoy!" Fred called over his shoulder. Malfoy was appalled at being summoned by a Weasley. They were the ultimate enemy of the Malfoys! But, not wanting to be left alone with Gryffindors that clearly disliked him and his family, he followed, over to where he now saw the Weasley and the bushy-haired girl sitting. What was her name? Hermione? Yes, that's it. he confirmed in his head. This was all very strange for the young Malfoy. Oh, his father was definitely going to kill him...or disown him. Or both. "So, how's it feel to be a Gryffindor, Malfoy?" the boy looked up when he heard someone say his name. He then realized it was one of the Weasley twins who had asked him. He was still getting used to the fact that Weasleys were speaking to him. The Weasleys -a very poor, muggle-loving wizard family whom were the enemies of the Malfoys. At least they are pureblood though, he thought to himself. Then, he remembered that he was supposed to reply. "Um..." he didn't really know how to reply. He wasn't going to share any important information with the Weasleys, that was for sure. He also didn't want to say anything because he didn't know what to say. He was ashamed, in all honesty. He had betrayed his family and his bloodline, and he was sure to be disowned and possibly tortured and killed by his father. So, the young boy just settled with not really saying anything. "Yeah, I bet," George and Fred laughed and sat down on the floor. Weasel and Hermione -no, it should probably be Weasley, or Ron- were sitting on a couch, and Harry had moved to sit with them. Draco looked around, unsure of what to do with himself. That was, until Harry motioned him over to the couch as well. "You can sit, Malfoy. Or should I call you Draco?" the raven-haired boy asked curiously. Draco had moved to sit next to Harry and then when asked about his name, his head flew up and his eyes met Harry's for a moment before he looked away. Should I allow Harry Potter to call me Draco? With a deep breath, knowing this was the moment that he really knew his life was going to be very different from the one that had been planned for him, he spoke. "You can call me Draco."