"Can I see them?" Ginny asked as Harry started to lower the envelope towards the flames. Harry was surprised but handed the envelope over anyway, watching as Ginny took the photos and looked over them. "We look good," Ginny said, sounding rather impressed. "You can't really see my tan but you're certainly looking in good shape Harry." Harry chuckled at Ginny's assessment, again wondering how Ginny could look past the whole ordeal and simply see the pictures as they were. "Perhaps I should be going to the gym more often, if my muscles impress you so much." Ginny gave him a sly grin in response, before starting to place the photos back into the envelope. Getting to the last one, she stopped short. "I think I'll keep this one," she said, slipping it neatly into her pocket with a wink. "For all those nights when you're stuck at work and I'm all alone." Harry smiled, shaking his head in amusement. "You're going to lunch with your father with a photo of us having sex in your pocket?" he asked incredulously. "Ron's coming too," Ginny replied. "It's a pity you can't join us." "I can imagine you would have enjoyed that," Harry laughed. Ginny winked and blew him a kiss. "I've got to go. See you later, love you," she said as she started to practically skip out of his office. "Love you too, Ginny," Harry replied, watching her as she cut a path through ministry employees. With another amused shake of the head he looked down at the envelope in his hand, staring at it thoughtfully for a moment. He quickly pulled out a picture and slipped it into his pocket, dropping the envelope into the flames as he did so. Harry scribbled away on the parchment, his writing becoming ridiculously small as he tried to squeeze it between the lines. Scratching his chin, he scored through a word on the line above and replaced it with another, before scoring through that too and choosing a third. "Working hard, I see," the Minister spoke from the doorway, surprising Harry as he immediately moved to stand up. Behind the Minister was Ginny, grinning at his surprise, and Blaise, standing ready to serve the Minister. "You sure you don't want to join us?" "I wish I could sir, but I've got a lot of work to get through," Harry answered respectfully. "Too bad," the Minister sighed. "Well, maybe you'll be able to tell us where Ron is, he's not in his office." "He hasn't got a meeting scheduled so I imagine he'll be with one of the other Senior Staff," Harry replied. "I'll go find him," Ginny said, sighing exasperatedly at her brother's absence. "Good idea," the Minister agreed. "Blaise, could you perhaps go fetch my cloak for me, I seem to have forgotten it back in my office?" "Of course, sir," Blaise replied, leaving Harry and the Minister on their own. "You sure you don't want to come?" the Minister asked after a moments silence. "Ginny's taking us all to Gina's, should be good." "Thank you sir, but I really need to work," Harry replied, glancing at the pile of papers still on his desk. The Minister nodded his acceptance as they fell into silence again, each waiting for the others to return. "Sir, can I ask you something?" Harry asked, breaking the silence. "Well, you just did but I think I can allow one more question," the Minister replied cheekily, grinning slightly at his joke. "When did you find out I was dating Ginny?" The Minister shifted slightly on his feet, glancing around vaguely into space. "Well, from the start to be honest with you," he said eventually. "It was back in Manchester, wasn't it, on the election trail." Harry nodded. "It wasn't particularly difficult to figure out," the Minister said, reminiscing. "You asked for the evening off for personal reasons, and at the same time my daughter, who had only come to Manchester to see me, told me she had a date. It didn't take a genius to put two and two together." Harry blushed slightly. "I didn't actually realise who she was at first," he admitted. "She came to me during your speech and complemented me for it, I never even considered how she knew I'd wrote it. I didn't suspect anything until she mentioned how weird it was to be going on a date with the man trying to get her father elected." The Minister chuckled. "Fate has a funny habit of yanking us around," he admitted, thanking Blaise as he helped him into his robes. "But as long as the end is good I'm happy to be taken along for the ride." "Are we ready to go, sir?" Blaise asked. "Now we are," the Minister said as Ginny returned with Ron in toe. "Man, I'm starving," Ron said loudly, rubbing his stomach. "Harry, you joining us?" "Can't," Harry replied. "I'm still working on the Luton closing address." "Well, not to put any pressure on you or anything, but Hermione's going nuts about it," Ron informed him with a grin. "I know," Harry said grimly. "See you after lunch." They each said their goodbyes as they headed off, leaving Harry to work on his speech as the magical window spilled artificial light into the room. Finishing his work with a sharp jab of his quill, Harry leaned back in his chair and sighed. Dropping a hand into his pocket Harry pulled out the picture he'd saved from earlier and watched as he and Ginny embraced lovingly beneath the 'The Brewer' sign. And for the first time since hearing the news, Harry broke out into a real smile. A/N: There we go. I hope you've all enjoyed the first instalment of this story. I imagine you must have if you are still reading by this point. Please let me know what you thought and in the mean time I'll continue working on the next chapter. Bye for now.