her life to know how to hide her fear—but Dudley shot her a look, telling her she wasn't fooling him. "You—you're a freak as well!" Mr Dursley stepped forward and raised a clenched fist, his face bright red. Cho stumbled backwards, helped by Harry who had pushed her out of his reach, but her eyes locked on Dudley who moved in front of both Harry and herself, clenching his father's raised arm. "My girlfriend is not a freak , and neither is Harry." Cho could see Harry's mouth fall open, but she was more focused on her boyfriend with relief exploding in her chest. Maybe they could work through this revelation , she thought with a smile on her face that she just couldn't contain. "She's just like him!" Mr Dursley screamed into his son's face, and Cho just wanted to go over there and slap the man. "I don't care! I love her and I'm planning on marrying her whether she is a witch or not!" The air in the house seemed to freeze; the only sound was Dudley's harsh breathing, until his mother let out a loud wail, burying her head in her hands and sobbing. "Get out," Mr Dursely said. "What?" "Get out! You aren't welcome here if you're going to associate with them. " Dudley paled and Cho's eyes widen. They wouldn't. "You're kicking me out?" Dudley's anger seemed to drain from him and he looked like a lost little boy. He glanced to his mother, but she didn't even glance up at her husband's words. "Mum?" She shook her head and disappeared into the kitchen, the door shutting behind her acting as a weapon against Dudley. "Get out. Don't make me say it again." Dudley opened his mouth, but Mr Dursley took a step forward and loomed over them all. "All three of you freaks!" Dudley gasped and backed away, knocking into Cho, who gripped his arm and dragged him outside before Mr Dursley lost it again. Harry paused for a moment and whispered something to the man which she couldn't hear, but Mr Dursely was enraged at his words. "You should have died with your parents, boy! None of this would have happened if it wasn't for you!" Cho was feeling weak with everything that happened. There were so many emotions swirling around her and she couldn't seem to grasp onto a single one. The door opened and the bitter cold seemed to shock her out of whatever state she'd been in. Turning to Dudley, he was still looking pale and in shock. The wind was picking up now, tossing the snow around and making her fingers freeze despite the quilt that was still wrapped around her shoulders. It was going to storm soon. Despite the bitter weather and awful circumstances, she found herself smiling just a little. She couldn't believe what just happened. "I should go," Harry muttered, glancing between her and Dudley with a weak grin and dull eyes. "Wait! Are you okay?" They may not be close, but Harry was a friend of her's and he'd just had a pretty awful experience. "I'm fine," he said, smiling softly at her. "Nothing I haven't heard before," he shrugged and took another step away. "Come visit soon, yeah?" he said to Dudley, punching him lightly in the arm, shooting a cheeky grin at Cho, "and bring your girlfriend." Dudley jolted when Harry spoke to him and rolled his eyes, but didn't say anything more. "Right, see you later, then." Harry walked down the steps and disappeared around a corner. She waited until she heard to distinct sound of apparating before she spoke to Dudley. "You okay?" she said, touching his cheek with one hand and clenching the amber necklace around her neck. He flinched and shook his head, but he didn't speak. His frame shook and she realised he was only wearing a light jumper. It had been warm in the house. "My parents hate me." His legs shook and Cho gripped his arm to make sure he didn't fall. It wouldn't help him if he was wet as well as cold. She helped him down the steps and started walking in the same direction Harry went. "I don't think—" "They do, they hate me." Dudley shuttered and then pulled out of her grip. "Why didn't you tell me?" Cho sighed and reached for him. "Come on, let's go somewhere warm." "Where?" Dudley didn't let her grab him and even took a step away from her. "My house, but we'll have to use magical transportation. I hope that's okay." Cho was surprised when Dudley's eyes widened and he took another step away from her. "You want—but I could hurt you." "What?" "My dad was going to hurt you, and he use to hurt Harry because of what he was. I'm his son. Aren't you scared I could hurt you?" Cho's hands clenched into fists at the reminder that those people had hurt, not only her boyfriend, but one of her friends as well, but she smiled at Dudley, not wanting him to think she was angry at him. "No," she said with certainty. "Why not?" "Because you protected me, and you said you were going to marry me." Cho stepped forward and pulled him impossibly close. "You said you love me, and I love you." "But—" "No, don't." Cho moved forward and held his larger hand in between her small ones. "Let's find somewhere warm and then we can talk." Dudley hesitated but eventually nodded. "Yeah, okay. We do have a lot to talk about." Cho nodded and pulled him flush against her body. "I know today was bad, but I can't stop smiling." "A silver lining?" he asked, coming out of his shock a little and smiling down at her. Cho nodded and then stared at him seriously. "Don't let go of me," she said and somehow she knew she wasn't just saying that because of the apparition. (w.c 3,019) WolfWinks –xx-