it seemed too familiar for me to see someone else walk down this path!" He continues to stare at me, then says, "What do you fucking mean familiar. Have you had to talk down the filthy mudblood from the same fate?" At the use of the word mudblood, I almost let go of his arm and leave him to go at it again, but then I remember my own struggles, and how if anyone had tried to stop me from giving myself what I thought that I deserved, I would have lashed out in any way possible in an attempt to get them to back away. I look up at his face and for a split second I see something, a hint of regret spilled across his face, almost too short to recognize. "No." I know that this is not enough, but I hesitate for a second. Should I open up with my once childhood rival and explain that I was actually thinking of my own struggle? Or should I talk in generic terms so that he has no reason to suspect me of self-harm? As these thoughts pass through my head, I realize that if I were to withhold certain details he would notice and figure it out in the end. So I decide to tell him the whole truth. I let go of his arm and go for my left sleeve. I hesitate for a second more and then as I see the look on his face. "No. I've been there myself." I gain the courage and completely roll up my sleeve, revealing the scars that no one has ever seen before. "Last summer, when my Godfather died, I thought it was my fault, I fell into a long bout of depression. I went home to my Muggle relatives, where I have no one who cares for me. They lock up all my school supplies. I let myself get worse, one day finding my cousin's old disposable razor. I broke it and used the old blades to dig into my skin, relishing in the punishment and the pain of the blade running across my skin. So no, I haven't had to talk a friend down from this type of thing. I've lived it. Talked myself down. Ron and Hermione don't even know..." All of a sudden I realize that I have said so much more than I even intended to reveal to him. For a moment I feel ashamed of letting myself reveal so much. I look up into his face and see a look of complete shock. His expression actually goes through a wide variety of emotions being betrayed. Eventually, I see tears forming in his eyes and I know that he really needs someone to be there for him, and I instantly regret any negative thoughts I had had of him in the past week. I see the tears start to run down his cheeks and I am surprised. I never thought that Draco Malfoy would ever end up crying in front of anyone, let alone me of all people. I want to comfort someone who was obviously going through a hard time. I could actually see the deep self-hatred that was right under the surface. So I slowly reach out for him in case he wants to refuse any physical support. When he doesn't back away, I wrap my arms around him, not giving a shit if I was getting blood on my robes. I feel him relax into my embrace and notice that he started to rely on my support as his leg had given out. I lower him to the ground and cradle him, doing anything that could possibly be comforting. When he starts to sob into my shoulder I don't quite know what to do, but then I settle on running my fingers through his hair. After several minutes I hear him start to calm down, when he sits up he wipes the tears from his eyes and looks up at me. Unsure of what to do next, I wait for him to make the next move. I see him struggle with words, most likely to thank me in some way. "Don't worry about it. It wasn't a big deal." I know that I would have done the same thing for any of my friends and that maybe I didn't hate the blond nearly as much as I thought that I did. "Yes, it was," I hear him say. "So thank you." "Do you need to talk about it?" I don't know if he was in a place to share, or if he ever would be, so I didn't press for an information. "No. It was bad enough thinking it all the first time." As he walks back to the sink and finishes rinsing out the sink he was standing at earlier, I some how wind up conjuring up bandages and hiding them from prying eyes while telling him, "Fine. But I am open to listen if you need it. No matter what our history says..." I turn around to walk out the door and continue to dinner, when I realize that maybe we both wouldn't have been in this position if I hadn't rejected his friendship five years ago. (Hermione might call it my hero complex, but I thought that maybe if I had just accepted his offer of friendship we might have changed each other's views and lives that we wouldn't have been put in this position. Maybe the thoughts that we had both been thinking would have been avoided all together.) "I'm sorry Draco, for not taking your hand in first year. I have regretted it ever since..." It is barely over a whisper, and I am not sure that he even heard me, but it felt good to just get off of my chest. I pushed open the door and left him to his thoughts, hoping that he would take up my offer sometime in the near future.