and shoving them under his bed. He glanced at her once more before dashing out, leaving her on the ground unable to decide whether to be upset or relieved. Narcissa glared at Sirius. He'd forced her down here and now she was sitting in one of the inglenooks all by herself. She wanted to hate all the happy families, but she felt petty. Instead, she glared at Sirius, sticking her tongue out whenever he smirked at her from next to Remus and his parents. Because that's mature, she thought with an eye roll. "This is my roommate, Noel." Narcissa jumped and turned to face James, who wouldn't look at her, and two older people that must be his parents. "It's so lovely to meet you." The woman, assumingly James' mother, reached a hand out to shake hers. James father nodded at her, but his eyes were kind and he wore a smile. She didn't take offence to his non-verbal greeting. She was very good at them after all. Narcissa jumped again when Sirius came bounding over and collapsed next to her on her seat, giving James' parents a smile. "You'll love Noel. He's such a sweetie ," Sirius said, smirking at Narcissa. "Sirius, don't be mean." James mother gave Sirius a stern look before turning back to Narcissa. "Don't mind him. I'll just ground him if he's too rude." "Muum!" Sirius groaned, looking to James' father, who only raised an eyebrow at him. "Mum?" Narcissa asked, looking between James, Sirius and his (their?) parents. "Oh, didn't they tell you. Sirius is my adopted son." Narcissa looked at Sirius in surprise and he shrugged. "James found me after, you know, and brought me home like a stray animal. Like most strays, I stuck around." A smile was brought to Narcissa's face at the explanation, but it fell again when she heard a voice she hoped to never here again. "And here I thought you couldn't fall any lower, Sirius." Narcissa stopped breathing. She was sure her heart stopped as well, even if it was only for a moment. She saw Sirius pale, turning his head forward to stare in the direction of the voice. "Aunt Druella." Sirius' adopted family went from confused to protective in an instant. Narcissa kept her eyes focused on Sirius next to her. This can't be happening. This can't be happening. "Relax," she said to Sirius. "I'm not here for your useless self." Narcissa felt like crying. "Hey!" James snapped. Narcissa knew that her mother wouldn't have even looked at James, and from the angry looked she was seeing, she was right. "Get up." Narcissa knew her mother was talking to her, but Narcissa couldn't move. Sirius stood up, intending to protect Narcissa, but only she knew that. James hissed to Sirius that he didn't need to do what his old family said and Narcissa heard her mother's sneer. "I'm not talking to you, but you know that don't you." Sirius didn't respond, stepping in front of Narcissa and crossing his arms. With Sirius in front of her, Narcissa felt brave enough to look up. She wished she hadn't. Her mother was glaring daggers into her, eyes wild and hands clenched. Narcissa looked away. "What's going on?" James' mother asked, glancing between her, Sirius and her mother. Surprisingly, her mother answered. "I'm here to pick up my daughter, Narcissa, though apparently she's calling herself Noel nowadays." Narcissa body shook. She didn't stand or speak; only glancing up at her mother again. She heard James mutter "I knew I wasn't gay," but she couldn't even force a smile to appear. "You're not going anywhere with her," Sirius snarled. "You have no say!" her mother snapped, bringing her hand up and backhanding Sirius. Sirius fell to the ground and Narcissa's fear disappeared. She vaguely heard the angry voices of James and his family, but she barely paid them any attention. She stood from her seat and brought her own hand up to slap across her mother's cheek. "Don't touch him," she said, standing tall in the face of her mother's anger. "You have no control over me or my destiny and don't have the right to hurt Sirius." Narcissa stood her ground, but when her mother's blazing eyes returned to her's, she couldn't help but flinch. "You little chit." Her mother raised her hand once again, but this time she was halted by James' father. "I think you should leave. Now." Narcissa's mother looked between Narcissa, Sirius' family, and then glanced out at the crowd. "You won't be welcomed back," her mother hissed. "You'll have nothing." "I don't care." Narcissa stood strong despite her weak legs until her mother turned on her heel and stormed out of the room. Conversations resumed, though there was the occasional glance at the small family huddled in the inglenook. Narcissa collapsed back onto her seat once her mother was out of her sight and buried her head in her hands. "Are you okay?" Narcissa looked up and saw James' mother staring at her with real worry in her eyes. She'd never seen that from a mother figure before. "I'm fine," she whispered with only a slight waver. "Is Sirius?" James mother smiled at her, patting her knee. "Don't worry about him; he's got a hard head." "Hey!" Sirius said from the ground. Narcissa looked at Sirius, frowning when she saw the bruise that was already starting to form. "Thank you," she said when he was focused on her, "for protecting me." "Don't worry about it. You're family." Sirius glanced between James and Narcissa before smirking and looking to his adopted mother. "Let's make it official. She can be mine and James' sister." "No!" James and Narcissa both said at the same time. Narcissa blushed at the attention and James glanced to the ground clearing his throat. "Why—oh," James' mother said, smiling. "I see." Narcissa's face felt like it was on fire, but she couldn't hold back a smile any longer. (w.c 3,512) WolfWinks-xx-