be great, and all of you had better be there." The crowd cheered, and began to disperse. "I'd recommend that you go hide in the forest, but that's most likely where they'll look for you," Harriet said. "So, come with me, I suppose. Just stay out of people's way." "Well, obviously," the sphinx growled. "I have no desire whatsoever to be recaptured and taken back to where they found me." "Yeah, and having a sphinx for a pet is a pretty serious crime, so please don't do something that'll get me arrested." "I wouldn't dream of it," the sphinx replied. "Though if you dare refer to me as your pet again, I may reconsider." In the chaos and euphoria of Harriet's victory, no one seemed to take any notice of her conversation with thin air. Madam Pomfrey rushed over, clucking her tongue. "Games like these are dangerous for no good reason. So, any injuries, Potter?" "Yeah—" "Oh never mind that. Come with me," Pomfrey continued, acting as if Harriet hadn't spoken. She led her to the hospital tent, where Claire Leroux, the Beauxbatons champion, already lay. "I'd congratulate you, Potter, but I'm too disappointed. Give me time," Claire said. "Fine," Harriet replied. "Merlin, Potter," Pomfrey sighed. "Is this acromantula venom? The things people find entertaining..." She trailed off in annoyed muttering. "Drink this," Pomfrey said at last, dabbing something on Harriet's wound and handing her a goblet of what Harriet guessed to be some sort of antidote. Whatever it was, it tasted terrible. Pomfrey moved away to greet the exhausted-looking Durmstrang champion, who gave Harriet a bitter glare as she was marched past. "Look at that. You've made powerful enemies," the sphinx whispered close to Harriet's ear. "No I haven't," Harriet hissed back. "We all agreed to the rules, and I won. But, yeah, I'm a little concerned they might curse me in my sleep..." "I do not express anything remotely sentimental," the sphinx said, "but I need you, so I'll keep watch." "Er, thanks," Harriet replied, relaxing back into hou pillows. Not twenty minutes passed before Pomfrey came back. "All right, Potter. You should be good to go. Get plenty of rest. Don't stay up celebrating." "I'll do no such thing," Harriet promised gravely. "That's it, girl. Now, I never want to see you again. Merlin knows you've come to me far too often over the years." Harriet smiled. "I'll keep that in mind. Thank you, for everything." Pomfrey hugged her, misty-eyed, before pushing her through the tent flap. The Disillusioned sphinx followed on silent paws, leaning against Harriet's hand as they walked out into the night. "Harriet!" Hermione came running, nearly knocking Harriet off her feet with the force of her hug. "Oh my god, you won! And I know I said repeatedly that the Tournament as a whole was dangerous, and that I'd never speak to you again if you entered—" "Among other things," Harriet cut in. "Yes, well, congratulations anyway." "Thanks, Hermione," Harriet said. "Um, I have to take care of something before I go to the Tower, so I'll meet you there." "What is it?" "Oh, I'm going to send a letter." "All right." Hermione smiled radiantly and hugged Harriet once more before departing for the castle. "And where exactly are you going?" the sphinx asked. "Room of Requirement. Best place for you to stay until we leave, wouldn't you say?" "You found the Room of Hidden Things?" the sphinx growled, sounding immensely annoyed. "Well, yeah, I've stumbled across it a time or two. And I've got house-elf friends." "Who befriends house-elves but a Gryffindor?" "Okay then," Harriet snapped. "There's nothing wrong with being a Gryffindor. So, what were you?" She began walking, the sphinx keeping up easily. "Slytherin, naturally." "Oh boy," Harriet groaned. By the time they reached the blank stretch of wall across from the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy and his fruitless endeavor, Harriet's feet ached and her head was swimming. I need a place for a sphinx to sleep, she thought, pacing unsteadily in front of the wall. A door appeared, and she opened it onto a large room covered in a thick rug, which had little else in the way of decoration. "This looks cozy," the sphinx noted, padding inside. "Now then, remove the charm. I would like to see my paws properly." Harriet did as she was bid, then flopped onto the rug, leaning her head back and closing her eyes. She opened them once more, however, at a sharp jab to her ribs. "Excuse me, but do you intend to sleep here?" Harriet rolled onto her side. "Why shouldn't I? This rug is comfortable enough, and I'm fucking exhausted. Also by staying here I get to avoid more congratulations until tomorrow." "This room was made for my use," the sphinx said, stalking around Harriet, and crouching so that their faces were nearly level. Her eyes—dark and weirdly attractive—bore into Harriet's. "I would much prefer to spend the night alone." "Too bad." Harriet squeezed her eyes shut and rolled onto her other side. "I believe your bed would be far more comfortable," the sphinx tried. "God, fine!" Harriet sighed. "I'll go. See you tomorrow, and I hope you're less bitchy by then, because I've already gone out of my way to help you, and I have doubts as to whether that was a good idea." The sphinx smiled, baring her fangs. "Oh, I am grateful. But this isn't 'bitching,' as you so crudely put it. This is how I have always been." "Ugh." Harriet pushed herself heavily to her feet, and left the room in a huff. "What took you so long?" Hermione asked as Harriet entered the seventh year girls' dorm and flopped onto her bed. "Owls were out hunting," Harriet replied. "Had to wait for Hedwig to get back." "Oh, of course," Hermione said, yawning. "'Night, and congratulations again." "Sure. 'Night." Harriet buried her face in her down pillow, seeing the dark-furred sphinx prowling behind her eyes.