be on the house. Not planning on eating here anytime soon. Hermione decided. Unwinding and opening her trunk to find her pyjamas, Hermione could not wait until she fell asleep. And as much as she hated it, she was kind of excited to see Draco Malfoy. .xx. Lying on a rather spectacular bed in a newly built Inn at Knockturn Alley, Draco Malfoy could do nothing but stare at his ceiling and think about what the hell he was doing. He left his manor, a few days early , so he could possibly run into that Mudblood tagalong? Was he fucking insane ?! I must be. Bella's Crucio must've done a number on my head . He groaned, rubbing his forehead. Turning left, then right, Draco couldn't even being to feel the sign of falling asleep. Maybe if I went for a walk… Grabbing his Malfoy robes and wand, he pulled on his slippers before exiting his room. There was a balcony situated at the far east corner of the Inn that Draco had decided to take over for a short time. It was just past four in the morning and Draco Malfoy was annoyed. Why can I not sleep tonight?! Maybe if he took a potion? Or a hot shower? Shaking his head, Draco leaned over the railing of the balcony and watched the deserted alleyway beneath him. Borgin and Burkes was just up the street and Diagon Alley not too far from there. Diagon Alley… Flourish and Blotts… Hermione fucking Granger. You need to get out of my damned head! Why did she have to send him a thank you letter? Why couldn't she just have accepted his good deed and left it at that? Why the hell did he have to write back to her after he came back from Italy? Better yet, why the hell did he even get her something from there?! He banged his head lightly against the railing. You've lost it, Draco. Officially lost it. .xx. Hermione didn't know what possessed her to wear the Healer Pendant Draco had gotten for her as she carried her enchanted coffee mug out of the Leakey Cauldron and into Diagon Alley. Sipping her morning coffee she spotted many tiny children running about with the look of excitement evident across their face. First years, she thought warmly. How long ago that was. She had decided to make a quick stop to Flourish and Blotts ( Come on Hermione, Malfoy shouldn't be in Diagon Alley this early… but the idiot is right, I do spend a lot of time there ) to see if the latest edition of Hogwarts: A History had been released yet. Dodging a few running children and a chicken – a chicken?! – Hermione managed to enter the safety of the bookstore. Finally. "Miss Granger!" Hermione smiled at the shopkeeper. With such a warm welcome, she practically almost felt at home. Almost . "Would the newest edition of Hogwarts: A History be available yet?" "'fraid not love," the shopkeeper smiled sadly. "It ain't 'pose to be out till la'e Set'ember." Hermione nodded. "Why thank you. I'll just keep looking around." Sipping from her mug once more, Hermione headed over to the section on Dragons —a topic she had been recently interested in. She realized she knew close to nothing about dragons, except when she had briefly studied the Hungarian Horntail during their fourth year at Hogwarts. And that was primarily for Harry as well. To engrossed with what she was doing, she missed the flash of naturally tousled blond— "I knew I'd find you here." The voice was familiar; almost a sneer, but could be a smile. Hermione turned around slowly. "Malfoy!? But… you weren't supposed to come here for another few days!" He didn't miss the glistening of the pendant around her neck. A surge of pride shot through him—she wore it, which meant she believed, even if it was a little bit, that the pendant wasn't hexed. "I had things to do. I happened to walk by when I saw you come in. Isn't that convenient?" Hermione rolled her eyes. "Hardly." Draco rolled his eyes in return. "Well, it is convenient. Nice pendant by the way, suits you." Instinctively, Hermione raised her hand and gripped the pendant around her neck. What if it is hexed!? I can't believe I was stupid enough to believ— He cut her trail of thought off; he obviously knew what she was thinking. "If you're that scared, I'll wear the damn thing for you all day." Hermione stared at him before doing exactly what he thought she wasn't going to do: unhook the pendant. "Fine. It'll add a touch of feminism to you," she teased him. She actually teased him! Draco scowled as he snatched the pendant and fumbled with it, finally managing to clip the hook. Allowing it to rest against his chest, Hermione couldn't help but notice the feather pendant perhaps made him look manlier than before. If possible . "I was headed to Madam Malkin's. Care to join me?" Hermione gawked. "But… you… us… walking together ?!" Draco snorted. "Come on Granger; people always talk rubbish, let's give them something to talk about. Besides, you have to keep an eye on this stupid thing, in case I start vomiting slugs." Narrowing her eyes, Hermione put the book she had grabbed earlier back on the shelf and took a step towards him. "Alright, fine, let's go. I need my measurements for my robes as well." Smirking, he turned around and led them out of Flourish and Blotts. Hermione simply stared at the back of his head and tried to figure out what was happening. I hope I'm not walking straight into a death trap… If that were the case, he would've let Bellatrix Crucio her. Could he really have had that much of a change of heart? Hermione hoped she'd find out the answer soon. Whatever the answer may be. .xx. Edited: July 19, 2016