to make up for it?" she suggested. "My love can't be bought," he declared. Lily ignored him and instead started walking towards the bar. She turned to make sure he was following her, and was relieved to see him right behind her. "I thought you couldn't be bought?" She asked, as he fell into step beside her. "It can't hurt your chances," he winked. Lily turned away to try and hide the blush that was involuntarily creeping across her cheeks again. She weaved between the crowds again, though this time with more alcohol affecting her stability. She tripped on something and fell into someone at a nearby table. James reached out to steady her, his hands strong and warm around her shoulders. She thanked him for saving her life. "And I'm dramatic," he muttered. He meant her to hear it though, and she knew that. What he didn't mean for, was the person she bumped into to turn around at the sound of his voice and sneer. "Watch where you're fucking going, curry muncher," the person jeered. James chuckled uncomfortably next to her. She stood in front of James as tall as she could (which was still almost a foot shorter than him). "Oi, wanker, it was me that walked into you," she shouted. Not giving him a chance to respond, she pulled her right fist back and punched him squarely in the jaw. Her dad had taught her how to punch properly when she was younger in an attempt at self defence. Thumb on the outside, between your first and second knuckle; fist tight and follow through. She had never actually thrown a proper punch before though, and her hand ached where it made contact with the stranger's jaw. "Holy fuck," James whispered from behind her. The stranger was in shock, and it gave Lily enough of a head start to drag James with her the other side of the bar and into the bathrooms. She tugged him inside a cubicle with her and locked it. The adrenaline bubbled up inside her and released itself as laughter, infectious, and James joined her. This laugh was so much better than the awkward chuckle from earlier; it was warm, and full and felt like sunshine dancing on her skin and she didn't care in the slightest that she waxed poetic about it because it felt so damn good. "You didn't have to do that, you know," James said so softly, she wasn't even sure he had actually said it. "It was fucking wicked though." "I'd do it again," Lily admitted. Somehow she only just realised how much of a tight squeeze it was to have both their bodies in the one cubicle. She could feel heat radiating from James's body. Something in the air changed, charged it with electricity. She looked up at his face to see he was already looking down at hers. She leant back against the wall of the stall as he leant forward. One of his arms was to her right, the other fiddling with the ends of her hair. The wait for him to lean in was agonising but when his lips finally met hers it was well worth it. Her lips burned where he had touched her. Maybe it was the alcohol, but maybe it was something a bit more than that as well. It was definitely the alcohol that gave her the courage to deepen the kiss. Her hands had made their way up to cup his jaw. She felt his right hand move down around her waist and she smiled at the attempt to be gentlemanly while they snogged in a toilet. She bit down on his bottom lip and he gasped, but he got the message. His hands travelled further down her body, over the curve of her bum and hoisted her up. Her back leant against the wall of the stall and she wrapped her legs around his waist. His lips chased her pulse down her throat, and he found a sweet spot just behind her ear. A small moan slipped past her slips, and though she willed them not to her cheeks burned red. She felt him smile against her throat; it seemed the heat from her cheeks and made its way down her body as well. She opened her eyes reluctantly. "Shut up," she mumbled. "I didn't say anything," he teased. She rolled her eyes, and it was then she noticed the toilet paper stuck to the bottom of her shoe. The poorly lit bathroom was filthy, and she didn't want to think what could be seen with properly functioning lighting. She felt slightly queasy over it. James's mouth was still at her throat, but she couldn't continue this, not here. "James. James, stop," she urged. He looked back at her in confusion. "We can't do this here, it's not-" "-Romantic, of course," he finished "I was going to say hygienic but… I suppose you're right as well," she said with a smile on her lips. "Erm. Right, that too," and this time it was his turn to blush. Lily kissed him quickly before hopping down from where he had held her up. For the third time that night, she grabbed his hand and lead him out to the booth where Marlene and Emmeline were still sitting. Upon her return they both wiggled their eyebrows at her. "I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?" Lily said to them. "Bit presumptive of you, Lils," Marlene chided her. Emmeline snorted beside her, and Lily was glad she had worn her hair down so that her blush blended into it. She dared to glance at James to her left and thought she could see a faint pink on his cheeks as well. Lily pulled the key to their apartment out of her back pocket and threw it at Marlene as a retort. She was following James out the door when Marlene called out to her again. "Remember Lily: before you tap it, cap it!"