and I know Reg's just as well." Harry took a deep breath, relaxed his arms by his sides, and nodded. "Okay." "Are you ready, Harry?" Remus asked. "Yeah." " Parentalis genius revelio. " Harry shivered as the spell washed over him, and he closed his eyes, not sure he wanted to know the results. "Well?" he asked nervously. "Legally, you're a Potter," Sirius said. "Magically… you're an Evans-Black." Harry opened his eyes and stared at the hovering symbols in front of him. Remus cancelled the spell and Harry sat back down, slumping forward and dropping his head into his hands. He was quiet for a long while. "Is there anything else?" he asked finally, his voice heavy. "Is there anything else being kept from me?" "We didn't keep this from you, Harry," Remus said. "We only just found out ourselves." "Please believe me, Harry, I wouldn't have kept this from you," Sirius said. "There are still a couple of things about your situation with Voldemort that you haven't been told yet, but that was Dumbledore's call. Dumbledore doesn't know about this yet." Harry raised his head and looked at Sirius. "You haven't told him?" "No. You deserved to know first." "Thank you." "You're welcome." Sirius paused. "About these letters… I think you should read them. When you're ready. They will help you understand a bit better, I think, but I should warn you that they are love letters. They do get a bit… heated at times." "Heated?" Sirius nodded. "There are a few that get a bit… explicit. Sexually." Harry leaned back a bit in his chair, looking nauseous. "I'll just hang on to them until you're ready, how about that?" Harry nodded. "Does this… change anything?" he asked. "You mean legally?" Remus clarified. Harry nodded. "I'm looking into that right now. I've got some books in my room I'm trying to make sense of." "We can ask Hermione to help," Harry suggested. "She's brilliant at research." "Are you willing to trust her with this?" Sirius asked. "Remus and I think it'd be best to have our ducks in a row before speaking to Dumbledore. Would Hermione be willing to keep it to herself for now?" Harry nodded firmly. "She will if I ask her to." "Hermione," Remus said quietly so as to not be overheard when he entered the sitting room with Sirius and Harry. It wasn't difficult with Ginny and Ron bickering like usual. "Do you think you could sneak over to Ron and Harry's room tonight after everyone's asleep? We need some help with a bit of research." Hermione looked a bit confused, but she nodded anyway. "Okay." "Thanks," Remus said. "And if you could keep it quiet…?" "Um, sure." Later that night, after everyone had gone to bed, Remus gathered his books and headed to Harry and Ron's bedroom. He knocked lightly and Hermione let him in. Sirius was already there, sitting next to Harry on the boy's bed while Ron sat on his own. Ron and Hermione both looked a bit wary, but Hermione also looked concerned, and Remus thanked the powers that be that Harry had a friend like her. He put up the privacy wards and looked at Sirius. "What have I missed?" "Nothing. We haven't started yet." Remus nodded. "Hermione, Ron - a situation has come up and we'd be grateful for your assistance." "A situation with Harry?" Ron asked, looking at his friend. "Yes." Hermione looked at Harry as well. "Is that why you were acting weird after talking to Sirius tonight?" Harry nodded. "What's happened? Is it about your nightmares?" "No, Hermione, it's nothing to do with Voldemort," Sirius said. "Blimey, mate," Ron said, shaking his head. "You sure know how to attract trouble, don't you?" he asked, amused. "So, what's the problem?" Harry opened and closed his mouth several times but nothing came out. "Harry, it can't be that bad," Hermione said gently. Sirius watched his nephew flush and decided to step in. "Would you rather I told them?" he asked. Harry relaxed and nodded. Sirius gave the boy's shoulder a squeeze. "Okay. We found out this evening that James is not Harry's biological father." Hermione squeaked and her hand flew to her mouth. Ron frowned. "But… but they were married, right?" "Lily and James? Yes." "So, do we know who Harry's father is?" Hermione asked, looking from Sirius to Remus. Remus sighed. "Harry's biological father is Sirius' brother, Regulus." Hermione's head whipped around to stare at Sirius again. "Hey, don't look at me, kitten! I didn't do it!" "Sirius!" Remus admonished. "But he was a Death Eater!" Ron exclaimed, red-faced. "Didn't you tell us he was a Death Eater?" Stepping in to diffuse teenage tempers, Remus gave Hermione and Ron a quick run-down of the situation, including not wanting to involve Dumbledore just yet. "But surely Professor Dumbledore would know all about familial law," Hermione argued. "I mean, he is the Chief Warlock, isn't he?" "No, he was ousted recently," Sirius said, "but even if he was, I happen to be Harry's godfather and uncle. Both of those titles outrank Dumbledore, even though I am still a fugitive, and I think Dumbledore has made enough decisions about Harry." Hermione still looked unconvinced. "We're not talking about going against Dumbledore, Hermione. This isn't a mutiny," Remus interjected. "We just think it would be in Harry's best interest for Sirius - and, by extension, Harry - to have a bit more leverage. This an exercise in education. The more we know about where Harry stands legally, the better. Especially with his trial in a few days. We don't want to be blindsided by anything." Finally Hermione nodded. That made sense to her. Remus handed her a book while Ron fished out some parchment and a quill and ink, and Harry let out a small sigh. Sirius heard it and wrapped an arm around the boy's shoulders. "Everything will be alright, Harry," he said quietly. "One way or another. You'll see."