much of his torture sessions, anyway, because they all seemed to meld together. He couldn't tell which day was which, and it didn't matter - all that mattered was that each day contained pain and questioning. " And I thought humans at least had a sense of preservation," Aetas hissed. " You're going to bleed out." Harry shot a wry look at his familiar. " I hadn't noticed." But underneath the sarcasm, he felt a tinge of fear. How was he going to get out of this forest and somehow obtain treatment? He didn't know anything about this dimension - Aetas implied that things were very different, and he couldn't go out and say he was Harry Potter, because he didn't know what response that would invoke. " Aetas, do you happen to know if I existed in this dimension?" Harry asked carefully. The snake tilted his head thoughtfully. " No, I do not." Then, as if sensing Harry's distress, he added, " I could find out, from other snakes, once you've tended to your wounds." Harry was just about to respond, when he remembered the hundreds of scars he bore from his time in captivity. Suddenly, it all came crashing down on him; he was marked, permanently, by Voldemort. He would be reminded daily of the torture he'd gone through by his scars. He had disappeared from an entire dimension and ended up in an alternate dimension. He didn't even know if he could make it back. He didn't know if there was a war here, if he had an alternate him running around. He didn't know anything. Didn't know if anyone cared for him, because Voldemort destroyed that. Didn't know if he would survive here, let alone make it back to his own dimension. And there was no one here to help, aside from Aetas. He was vaguely aware of Aetas calling to him, and he clutched onto that hissing voice to drag him out of his spiral down to darkness. " Harry. Harry!" Finally pulled out of his thoughts, he weakly smiled at his familiar. " Sorry, Aetas. I sort of drifted off." " Don't lie to me, Harry. Our familiar bond allows us to send fragments of pictures through it, letting both of us see what the other sees. When you felt that turmoil, I know what happened, what you were thinking of." Aetas' voice softened. " You'll get through it. Torture is not to be taken lightly, and Voldemort never had the right to mark you with scars. No one does. Regardless of my being your familiar, I can't force you to look at those markings with something other than disgust. But just remember that you managed to get through the ordeal because you didn't break." Harry nodded his head, whispers of pain shooting through him as if to remind him of how he had been tricked. It had been his fault, really, that he had been tortured. There was no one else to blame it on. " You're doing it again, Harry. It wasn't your fault." " Then whose was it? I was the one who took the Portkey." Harry realized, as he was speaking, that something was wrong with his story. The epiphany hit him so hard it left him gasping, praying that he wasn't right. " You think it's Dumbledore's fault." " Why do you think that?" Aetas gently asked. " Because...because he put up wards, and they didn't - didn't protect me like he said it would." The world seemed to have been pulled out from under his feet. Dumbledore couldn't have failed. He couldn't have. The grandfatherly figure simply couldn't have failed in protecting the boy he had taken under his wing. Ah, but he didn't seem to want to have anything to do with you last year, did he? A voice nastily asked. " He said I would be safe. That I would be okay. But ... he broke his promise. He failed me." Harry's voice shook as a lone tear slowly slid down his face . " You have to remember, Harry, that he's only human, even though he seems superhuman and infallible. He has flaws, like everyone else does. You cannot solely depend on one person to keep yourself safe." " I know. That doesn't mean...Did he even try?" The words began spilling out of him like a crashing waterfall. The doubt, the insecurities that he had hidden during his captivity overwhelmed him. " I was there for days, weeks, months, maybe years - long enough that I couldn't keep track of time. Did he even know?" Then, quietly, he asked with a childlike innocence, " Does he even care?" The Quetzalcoatl replied, equally quietly, " That's up to you to determine." " I just - I can't - I don't know. Someone caring for me is so foreign. And I - I don't think I can trust him, Aetas. Not anymore. Even though it was me who took the Portkey." " These wards he speaks of, they should not allow a Death Eater onto the property. It was your safety in his hands, and he didn't ensure it." " I know, but - I should have known better." He was wavering between blaming himself or Dumbledore. He knew, as Aetas was an impartial viewer of his memories, that the winged snake was probably right. " Even though he held my porcelain trust and broke it, I was the one that wasn't cautious enough." " Dumbledore wronged you, Harry, whether he knows it or not. That's not your fault." "Indeed, it's his failing, Mr Potter, not yours," a smooth, charismatic voice interjected. Harry whipped around, ignoring the sudden flares of pain, his body instinctively covering the Quetzalcoatl. And met the eyes of an adult Tom Riddle Jr. Aetas - Latin for age, time. A/N: So there it is, the first chapter. Hope you enjoyed it! Review if you like, they'll certainly help me out. ~Wolf and Phoenix