you arrogant, selfish arse, James Potter. You told people you could make anyone fall in love with you, and I was your proof," Lily wiped an angry tear from her cheek. "And I was just your test subject, trying out all your theories," James yelled back. "I bet this is a nice little twist, you can use it in your story." "That's a great idea, maybe we should make a bet," Lily suggested. Her words suggested she was being sarcastic, but her tone was holding back tears. "You wanted to lose a guy in 10 days, well here you go. You did it." James walked away, back inside the building. Lily was left standing outside in the cold that had brought her so much relief earlier, and now only left her feeling vulnerable and raw. It was raining when Lily woke up the next morning. How fucking cliche, she thought to herself. She had gone home the night before and completely restarted her article. She stayed up until the early morning until she completed it, and when her alarm went off she had only gotten a couple of hours sleep. She rocked up to work looking like a hot mess, and Alice pushed a coffee into her hands as soon as she sat down at her desk. Lily pondered if she could get away with keeping her sunglasses on all day as her computer turned on. "Lily, in my office in five," Rita said on her way past. Lily sighed, and hurriedly printed off the article she had finished last night. She walked into Rita's office with her article and sat on a high-backed arm chair in the middle of the room. Rita stuck out her hand for the article and Lily handed it over and watched as she read. She wasn't really sure how Rita would take the article, it was completely different to the one she had been sending notes on throughout the week. But she was proud of what she had written regardless. After what seemed like an eon, Rita finished the article and looked up from the page. "It's not exactly what I was expecting," she began. "But I love it!" A wave of relief passed through Lily, and she let out a breath that she hadn't realised she was holding in. "Feel free to write about anything you want from now on," Rita added. "Oh my God… Anything?" "Wherever the wind takes you," Rita said with a smile. "So even politics?" Lily pushed. "Well, it won't take you there." "What about religion, poverty…" Lily trailed off. "When I say wind, I mean more of a light breeze." "Well what can I write about?" Lily complained. "Like I said, Lily: wherever the wind takes you. Whatever your heart desires . Shoes, dressing for your body type, accessories, et cetera." Rita was no longer looking at Lily, but at her computer screen. She didn't notice when Lily got up from her chair, and she didn't see the look on her face when she had made her decision. "Thank you, Rita, for the opportunity," she said with a smile. "And thank you for making it so easy to turn down." Lily had packed up her desk and gone home to spend the rest of the day searching for a new job. She had had some luck and was interested in a few positions, but unfortunately the most promising one was in Manchester. Or maybe that was fortunate, seeing the current state of every part of her life. She had already managed to organise an interview with the Manchester option, and was on her way to the station in a taxi. The traffic was gridlocked in the city and her taxi was at a complete stop. She wasn't too worried as she had left herself plenty of time to get there, but she was dead bored in the backseat. A loud rap on the window startled her, and she looked out to find James had pulled up beside the car on a motorbike. Or more accurately, Sirius was driving and he was riding in the side cart. Lily wound the window down. "What are you doing here?" "Can you get out so we can talk?" Lily was angry at him, and his refusal to answer her question wasn't helping the matter. She grumbled to herself as she slid across the backseat and opened the passenger side door. They were in the middle of a busy street, and he wanted to talk. She rolled her eyes at the ridiculousness of it all. "Is this true?" he asked her, and he was holding a copy of the latest issue of Poise . Lily's eyes widened in surprise. She had not expected him to read it at all, and so she had poured her heart into that article. "Is it, or were you just trying to sell magazines?" he pressed. She sighed. "I meant every word." "Are you running away?" he gestured to the cab. "I have a job interview in Manchester. It's the only place that I can really write about what I want," Lily tried to explain. "Nah, I don't believe that. I think you're running away." "You know what, save your mind games for your next bet," Lily said, walking back to the taxi and opening the door. "Bullshit." Lily's heart leapt at the memory of them at his parent's place, and she hated him for using it against her. "What did you say to me?" Lily turned to face him, and James walked towards her with that grin on his face. "You heard me," he said. He was inches away from her face now. His grin was infectious and Lily had to smile back at him. "You calling my bluff?" "You bet," he said. His hand cupped her cheek and the other was wrapped tightly around her waist. Lily stood on her toes to reach his lips and they when they met her heart soared through the moon.