moment. Just when I finally came to the conclusion that I would go sit with the Prewett twins, I discovered Sirius sitting alone in a compartment. He was looking out the window, watching the countryside fly by. I groaned audibly, ignoring the strange looks I received from passers-by. Chewing on my lip, I mustered up the courage to knock on the glass door. He turned around and glanced at me dully and looked out the window once more. Great, just fucking great. I rolled my eyes and opened the door. "Get out," he stated dryly, not even bothering to look at me. Mental groan. I sat down on the empty seat. He whipped his head around to glare at me. "What are you deaf?" he asked harshly. "I told you to leave." This time I did groan. Why did I agree to do this? "Look," I said a little more severely than I had intended. "I don't want to be here. You surely don't want me here. But James said that I needed to apologize to you for whatever reason." Sirius sent me an annoyed glance. "So," I continued pointing my finger at him, "You need to come back with me to everyone else, and we'll act like everything is great. And, you'll pretend that you don't hate me." Sirius continued to look out the window and ignore me. "OH FOR MERLIN'S SAKE! SORRY!" I blurted loudly. "Get over it! It wasn't like you haven't done the same thing to me for years now!" I huffed, jumping up off my seat. I had one hand on the handle to the compartment when Sirius muttered condescendingly, "That's a really shitty excuse for an apology." I noticed the edge of his mouth turned upward ever-so-slightly. He looked at me from the corner of his eye. My mouth dropped open. Is he serious? "You've got to be kidding me," I stated angrily, and I was appalled to find that he was actually laughing. "You're such a prick!" He stood up from his seat and looked down at me, he had at least six inches on me. "Is that so?" His features were cool and collected. I could feel my hand just itching to smack him. "Yeah," I stated angrily. "You are!" Sirius's mouth twisted into a smirk. His gray eyes watched me lazily like it was some kind of a game like he really enjoyed messing with me. He sat down again, stretching out across the seat and ignoring my angry comments. "Are you going to sit down and shut up or can you just leave already?" he finally stated, peering over at me with a bored expression. I frowned, really wanting to leave, but I weighed consequences and I knew Marlene would check in to make sure that Sirius and I were on good terms (or at least good enough terms to not be glaring at each other from across the table at dinner). And Lily would be somewhat disappointed if we started out the school year with Sirius and me already on wretched terms. AND James would be pissed if he had to deal with his litter sister arguing with his best friend... Yet again... What else was new? I sighed, defying every bone in my body that told me to just leave the compartment altogether. With a grumble, I sat down across from Sirius and opened the box of Bertie Botts that Peter had given me. In my peripheral, I noticed Sirius turn towards me. Without warning, I stuck out my arm and offered him some. We sat in silence, eating Bertie Botts and staring out of the window. "So are you going to come back to the compartment? Or am I stuck like this for the whole train ride?" I finally asked. Sirius smirked, stilling looking out of the window. "I didn't hear a proper apology," he declared. Kicking the wall of the compartment, I confirmed, "And you're not going to get one." Sirius hummed quietly in response and laid down fully on his seat, facing me. After a while, he spoke, "So, in that case, while you're here, can you answer me this?" I raised my eyebrows at him as if to say, Go on . "How did you know about my nickname?" I returned my gaze to the ceiling and focused on the light fixture of the compartment. "I may or may not have a particular aptitude for finding secret passageways in at Hogwarts. So it's really no struggle to overhear everyone's conversations, whether I mean to or not." I closed my eyes, beating my foot steadily against the wall. Sirius hummed again and muttered, "Creep." Before I could even think, a scoff escaped my lips and I sat straight up. "Are you fucking kidding me?" I asked. Sirius raised his eyebrows slightly in response. "You're the one who has a map that tracks everyone in the castle!" Sirius's eyes widened as if he were surprised to know that I was aware of his map. But rather than yell or argue with me or even glare, he just relaxed back into the cushioned seat muttering, "Touché." I looked over at my brother's best friend. The school's heartbreaker. Gryffindor's pranking king. The bane of my existence. I had to admit he could carry on an entertaining conversation, despite his being a total arse. I found myself smiling at his teasing nature, something I never thought I would do, ever. But.. his knowing smile was amusing somehow. Sirius leaned toward me, elbow resting on his knee. "And how might one find these secret passageways in Hogwarts, anyway?" His eyes were steady until I noticed just a flicker of curiosity behind them. I smiled smugly and returned, "Wouldn't you just love to know?" Okay, I've been redoing this for a while. This story was previously called A True Gryffindor and then Delightful Chaos on my other fanfic account. But I decided to just redo it on this account and yeah...