I'm going to see him everyday . For the fourth time this year, I question Dumbledore's choice. "Wondering why your precious Boy-Who-Lived wasn't named Head Boy?" he taunts quietly, tilting his head at me. I grit my teeth. I will eat my own hair before I admit it to him, but in truth, I am . I'm more than curious about it and I know for a fact that Neville and Ron are also. Why didn't Dumbledore make Neville Head Boy? After all Neville's amazing deeds over the years, he'd be the obvious choice. So, why Potter? "It's not my place to question Dumbledore's decision," I reply shortly. "As Headmaster of Hogwarts, it's his choice." No matter how little sense it makes. "Like usual, you Gryffindors are extremely self-absorbed," Potter says with a shake of his head, "do you really think Neville is the only person Dumbledore has taken under his very strange wing? Do you think Neville is the only student who has done anything of note in these last seven years? Why are you so sure your precious Boy-Who-Lived is the best choice?" I frown at his words. I've never considered that Dumbledore may be mentoring anyone besides Neville. After all, who could be more important than the prophesied savior of Wizarding Britain? It may be an arrogant thought, but not untrue. And surely Potter isn't implying that Dumbledore is mentoring him . If he is, then why ? Does Neville know? And if what Potter is implying is true, what in the world could Potter have done that could top defeating the Dark Lord three times before turning seventeen? I simply stare at him. In no way do I think that Dumbledore has put all his cards on Neville, he's too practical for that, but surely plan B isn't sitting in the same Potions class? It's too big a jump from the little information Potter gave me. Dumbledore could be mentoring Potter for any number of reasons, and there's no guarantee that any of them have anything to do with the Dark Lord. Shaking my head, I push the thought from my mind to ponder later. I do take note of the fact that Potter calls Neville by his first name as opposed to calling him Longbottom. It's a very telling action that brings to mind another conundrum. Neville and Potter have a strange relationship, one that the Hogwarts student body have given up trying to figure out. Unlike the open, and oftentimes violent animosity between Neville and Malfoy, Potter and Neville's confrontations are much more civil. It confuses teachers and students alike. They're almost frenemies, but I know Neville would give Bellatrix Lestrange a lap dance before admitting such a thing. Well, Potter and I are not frenemies. We're just plain, old-fashioned enemies and I've spent more than enough time in his company. "You've made your point, Potter," I say, waving a hand at him. "Run along now. I promise to play nice with the troll." He smiles, but stands, grabbing the books he carelessly tossed on the table earlier. "That's all I ask," he says graciously, as though I were the problem. "Oh, and Granger?" he says, smirk firmly in place as his nods pointedly at me, "you might want to read that chapter again. We both know you have absolutely no idea what it says." I glare at him as he turns to leave, but before he can, an impulse strikes me. My Gryffindor courage roars. I speak. "Why me?" He stills so suddenly that it's strange. I'm not sure what I'm asking; if I'm asking why he hates me, or why he decided to make a target out of me, or something that's neither one of those. It hardly matters because any answer he gives me will be something ; something to understand why he's treated me the way he has for all these years. It'll give answers to questions I've had since meeting him six years ago. The air is heavy and we are silent for a long, tense moment. Then, he speaks. "Because you don't belong," he says finally and there is such conviction in his voice that my eyes widen. I freeze, air trapped in my chest. The silence following his words is nearly deafening. I stare at his back, but he doesn't turn around. Finally, air forces itself into my lungs. The spell is broken at my strangled inhale, and then he is gone; sweeping out of the area as quickly and quietly as he entered. I sit there for a long time, all thoughts of studying extinguished. You don't belong . I shake my head in a vain effort to dislodge the words from my head. It doesn't matter what Harry Potter thinks. I'm a witch and I will show him and every other racist knob that very fact until they have no choice but to acknowledge, even in their minds, that Muggleborns have a right to be in the Wizarding World. Slowly, I gather my books to make my way to the Heads Common room, a space that I share with Harry Potter. Taking another deep breath, I square my shoulders. I won't let Potter get me down this year. I know that no matter how much I tell myself not to let the words hurt, the sting from such hateful words is inevitable. But it's okay. Every barb, every put-down, every muttered remark will be the fuel that launches me to new heights. And on the day that I achieve my goal, not only will I thank my friends and family, but I will thank every pure blood extremist there is for their support in making me a splendid witch. End Chapter One Chapter Two : Colloportus Walkers With the Dawn Being walkers with the dawn and morning, Walkers with the sun and morning, We are not afraid of night, Nor days of gloom, Nor darkness- Being walkers with the sun and morning. — Langston Hughes