prosper the family by beating him that would be even better. She smiled as she absently stroked her cat's belly. For a moment she had almost sounded like a Gryffindor. No, she would be there on the winning side and she would reap the rewards of the victor. She would see the enemies of her house defeated. Then, she hadn't really thought that far but if Harry won, if she was at his side then they'd be able to change the world however they wanted. The Greengrass family was liberal by pureblood standards. Her father's elf ran the estate in his name ordering around witches and wizards as he needed. They employed many muggle-borns and even squibs in the stables and grounds. The horses refused to let elves near them and you needed someone who wouldn't be shocked when an elf popped through the house. This war might be a blight on society but maybe it could be turning into a blessing. Still all this would happen only if she was with Harry. Daphne idly noted down the names of the girls in Harry's year Parvati, Lavender, Eliza and Faye. As far as she could recall Harry was not particularly close to any of them. Even Parvati who he'd attended the ball with. She also noted down the names of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. That was it, Harry had few friends and a small circle of acquaintances beyond that. Every one of them Gryffindor, which made her task as a Slytherin doubly difficult. Her easiest contact and the one with the least prejudices was Hermione. They shared Runes and arithmancy together. They had the option of extra curriculum work. It should be easy to hook her. Daphne wanted back up plans it was her nature to plan and to have fall back positions ready. The idea of going back with only one option was unthinkable. Her cat jumped up and decided now was the perfect time to attack her quill. That was Daphne's signal to abandon work for the day. It was still early summer she had plenty of time. x It wasn't until two day later she was called into her father's office again. He had moved from his desk and sat at a conference table. Photos were scattered across it in three rough groups. She noticed Harry was at the centre of one. "Daphne I'm still considering your plan. It has merit and I realise my main objection is an emotional one not a practical one. So you will still need to convince me of that." Her father then sifted through the photos with her he explained the factions and factions within them as he understood them, she explained the relationships of Harry and his friends as she understood them. "You have a year I would estimate, a year to befriend them and ready yourself for the coming war. Next summer will be your last here, as a Slytherin sleeping with children of death eaters you may even have to leave school early. Are you prepared for all this?" Daphne considered fathers question? Leaving Hogwarts early would not be an issue. As the next Lady Greengrass her future was not controlled by academic success or failure. Slytherin's didn't really have friends more mutual allies, She felt a slight pang of guilt over Tracy's fate but it wouldn't stop her from doing what was necessary. Befriending Harry would be problematic but she could only plan so far. The one fact she couldn't deny was she wasn't ready to fight. If she had to use magic in anger she would swiftly fail. "No, I'm not ready. In my time in Hogwarts we've only had one decent defence teacher." Daphne picked out one of the photos of a man aligned with Dumbledore's group." This one. Would it be possible to hire him as a defence tutor for me? It would be another connection for me to the light side." Her father paused. "I shall see that you have the resources to do this but it can't be seen to be done by my good graces. Let this be your first lesson in subverting my authority and going against my wishes. I shall try to find him for you but it will be up to you to find a way to make contact with him." Daphne accepted her father's decision with a nod. "I shall also find a more socially acceptable teacher for you in case Lupin can't be found. So now for the hard part. Convince this old man to bring my youngest daughter into this scheme." Daphne was uncertain of her father's reactions so decided to tell him the plain truth. He had was vastly more experienced than her so would spot any spin or manipulation she attempted. As she finished explaining the situation she watched his face but his mask stayed in place. "Well I suppose we all get the children we deserve. I must have done something right to have two daughters who are plotting to try and marry the two most eligible men of their time in school. I shall speak with Astoria and if you are right then I will put her into your mothers tender care. There is a women who can manipulate a man to her desires. I would suggest a more straight forward approach for you with the young Gryffindors. Hopefully you will succeed and I will live to see both my daughters grow up." With the warning of the price of failure still fresh in her ears Daphne left her father to his plans as she continued her own. A.N. Yes I know Faye is a canon immigrant character. I also know that the evidence for five girls in Harry's year is circumstantial but I don't care. There we go chapter 1 done. Reviews are always nice. If you have questions please sign in I can't reply to anonymous reviews. Although the main answer will be, wait and see. Thanks for reading.