continued jetting right past her. Her arms and legs were covered in healed cuts and bruises from exploding debris, splintered wood, rocks, and other jagged edges piercing her skin from various fights and running for her life. Every encounter she'd been in over the years always ended up in death, but obviously not her own. It tore her up inside having to take a life, Deatheater or not. It wasn't all that hoo-ha about a life being a life no matter whose it was. Rather it was more her feeling that whenever she killed someone, it made her a murderer just like them –with death on her hands. No matter her feelings, it had to be done. Everyone thought that she was dead, and until she could reunite herself with the Order, she intended for everyone to keep thinking that way. "What do you think about that inn over there?" Ron asked her. Hermione spied the one he was talking about and grimaced. Like most of the inns they came across, this one held a pub down below and several rooms up above. It was dark and dank, and it appeared that the seediest looking people imaginable frequented it. Good for her and Ron's purposes, yes, but it still made Hermione's skin crawl. "It's perfect. Should we wait until it gets darker?" "No, we should go now. This isn't London. We don't know what to expect the later it gets." Hermione kept in her sigh. She really wanted to spend more time in this gemstone of an apartment. Instead she nodded and headed into the bedroom. There was a full-length mirror in there that had somehow survived the catastrophe that had occurred here without a single crack. Most times, she only ever got to see her reflection from her shoulders up. To see all of her now… Well, it didn't paint much of a pretty picture. She looked worn. She looked tired. She looked defeated. Luckily her fighter's spirit wasn't as decrepit as her outward appearance. With her wand in hand Hermione set to work. She changed her brown hair to blonde. Her eyes she kept the same, but altered her cheeks some to make them more full. Plumper lips (more for personal satisfaction rather than to add to her disguise). Freckles. Dimples. Tanned skin. When she was finished Ron appeared in the doorway and analyzed her face. "Pretty disguise." Hermione smiled. "Thanks." "It's a problem." Now she frowned. "Why?" "We're heading into a place with the sickest people." Ron explained. "We don't need the attention." Hermione was staring into the mirror at her reflection. The last time she felt beautiful – truly beautiful –was that night at the Yule Ball. That was six years ago. How pathetic was that? She sighed and used her wand to clean up her cloak a bit before tucking her wand up the sleeve. "I know, but we also need information. At least half the people in that pub are bound to be a drunken mess. Seduction will work wonders." "I hope you know what you're doing…" Hermione gulped. Ron's fear was palpable. It was also reasonable. Regardless of the matter she was undoing the charms she had placed on the door and walking through it. As she put them back up, an overwhelming sense of dread overtook her. She no longer felt safe. The apartment door had separated her from the dangers outside. Not really, of course, but mentally . For a brief moment Hermione was able to forget what was waiting for her out there. She had had a shower for Merlin's sake. There'd been soap too, and the feel of the slippery bar across her skin had been the greatest gift the universe could have ever given her. Outside the apartment building Hermione felt exposed. She had her hood down and the passersby took notice. Some nodded to her. Others smiled grimly. Few actually waved. The latter made her stomach churn, and it was those same individuals who were heading to the inn. Hermione braced herself and went inside. She quickly scanned the room and weighed her options. Despite there still being at least one hour before the sun set, the pub was at seventy-five percent capacity. That limited her seating options severely and so she had to pick wisely. Sitting directly at the bar would make her much less conspicuous, but the odds of hearing something worth wild would be close to nil. Not to mention she wouldn't be able to watch anyone. Sometimes it was more worthwhile and more telling to observe people's actions than to hear what they actually said. There were a few open tables in the center of the room, but that would make her feel very much like bait. Her best option would be a booth, and as luck would have it, there was one that was open towards the back end of the pub. She darted for it and sat down with a complacent sigh. Ron, yet again, was nowhere in sight. This was how it always went. He'd hide in the shadows and watch out for her, giving her advice from a distance. It was an excellent strategy. All Hermione had to do now was sit, drink, and wait for something to happen. Author's note: Hello again! So, I've never written anything war-related, but I'm excited to venture into something new :). Chapters are probably going to be a decently long length (definitely nothing less than 3,000 per chap). Also, I'm still currently writing this although the first fourteen chapters are already done (yey!). There's still going to be a decent gap between each chapter though (two weeks probably rather than my standard once, sometimes twice a week) just so I can have time to write. Also, I rated this "M" just to be on the safe side. Anyway, I hope that you liked the first chapter! Please feel free to drop a review, and thanks for reading! Hope you continue :) -WP