that Narcissa wasn't sure if she and her son were welcome here. She was looking at Andromeda as if expecting her to kick them out. But Andromeda was tired of the endless fighting. She had just lost so much. Her husband Ted, her daughter Dora, her son-in-law Remus, who grew on her over time. She wanted to be happy again, with her beloved grandson Teddy. She took Teddy from Harry's arms and walked towards her sister and her nephew. "Narcissa. Draco." "Andromeda." "Aunt Andromeda." Andromeda had never met her nephew before and she looked at him appraisingly. He looked very much like his father. He had a pale, pointed face with grey eyes. However, his grey eyes held some emotions that were identical to the ones in Narcissa's blue eyes. Narcissa spoke quietly, "We're very sorry for your loss." Andromeda nodded. She didn't think she could speak. There was a short silence and Narcissa continued hesitantly, as if unsure what Andromeda's reaction would be. "I think you ought to know... it seems likely that Bellatrix killed your daughter." Andromeda nodded again, angry tears welling up in her eyes. She cleared her throat. "I know. They examined the wands. Her wand is the one that..." She couldn't finish her sentence. Suddenly, Draco gasped. Following his line of sight, Andromeda looked down at Teddy, who had changed his hair colour from blonde to green. Andromeda smiled proudly, "Teddy is a Metamorphmagus like his mother." She looked Narcissa straight in the eyes, with an air of defiance. Narcissa understood what Andromeda was trying to convey – not that it mattered to Andromeda, but being a Metamorphmagus showed great magical ability and this was a way of showing Narcissa that half-bloods, and even half-werewolves, were capable of great magical prowess. "Your first cousin once removed," Andromeda said, handing Draco the baby. With Draco busy cradling the baby, Andromeda hugged her sister and whispered in her sister's ear "Thank you for not bringing Lucius." Narcissa nodded to show that she understood. Then, it was her turn to hold the baby. She looked down at Teddy and felt her heart ache for this adorable baby who would grow up without his parents. Her eyes filling with tears, Narcissa looked up at Andromeda and said, "The reason I lied to the Dark Lord was because I was worried for my son's safety. Isn't that what we all want in the end? To ensure that those we love are safe and happy?" Andromeda nodded and took Teddy back into her arms, looking at him adoringly. "It's all I ever wanted," she replied softly, "Ted and I weren't too keen on Dora becoming an Auror and joining the Order of the Phoenix because we were worried for her safety. But it's what made her happy. She was always such a strong spirit. We were also worried about her marrying a werewolf but Remus never did anything that could endanger her – always religiously took the wolfsbane potion. And they were happy together and..." Andromeda sobbed a little, "And look at my adorable grandson." She was looking at Teddy as if he were the centre of her universe, much in the same way Narcissa looked at Draco. Sixteen years later Draco and Astoria stood on Platform 9¾ with their son Scorpius and Scorpius' second cousin Teddy. The Malfoys had come to see Teddy off to Hogwarts. Daphne (Astoria's older sister), her husband and their son were also there. "You'll watch over my nephew, won't you, Teddy?" asked Astoria. "Of course!" agreed Teddy grinning, "In exchange for the new Nimbus 3001." "That is so Slytherin of you," groaned Draco, but he couldn't suppress a smile. He and Astoria had always spoiled Teddy so much that he wondered the kid could still find things he didn't have. "What's wrong with the Nimbus 3000 we got you last year?" asked Astoria, genuinely surprised. "Er – it made the unfortunate acquaintance of the Whomping Willow," said Teddy, staring ashamedly at his feet. "Sounds familiar," said Draco, looking over at Harry Potter (who was seeing his son James off, as well as his godson Teddy) and nodding curtly, "Well, we'll think about it. (Teddy grinned, knowing it meant he had won.) Shouldn't you go say goodbye to your grandma Dromeda and your godfather?" he asked. "Will do," said Teddy. Three more years later (aka Nineteen Years Later p.753 ) p.756 excerpt from Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows James had reappeared; he had divested himself of his trunk, owl, and trolley, and was evidently bursting with news. " Teddy's back there," he said breathlessly, pointing back over his shoulder into the billowing clouds of steam. "Just seen him! And guess what he's doing? Snogging Victoire!" He gazed up at the adults, evidently disappointed by the lack of reaction. " Our Teddy! Teddy Lupin! Snogging our Victoire! Our cousin! And I asked Teddy what he was doing —" " You interrupted them?" said Ginny. "You are so like Ron —" "— and he said he'd come to see her off! And then he told me to go away. He's snogging her!" James added as though worried he had not made himself clear. [end of excerpt] Draco watched with amusement from afar. When Teddy walked back towards them, his bright blue hair a bit rumpled and with a wide smile on his face, Draco started laughing. "What?" asked Teddy defensively, running a hand through his hair that was turning pink. "You didn't come to see Scorpius off, did you? You came here to see Victoire off. The Potter kid is telling everyone." Draco and Astoria laughed. Scorpius was still too nervous about his first trip to Hogwarts to relax and join the laughter. Teddy grumbled something under his breath that sounded like "Annoying brat". Draco laughed even harder, "Just what I always thought about his father!" Teddy playfully hit Draco on the arm but he was smiling slightly, "Hey, that's my godfather you're talking about!" The End