You really are a lot like Dougal." "What?" "You know. He was such a diplomat, always taking the middle ground. And he could be a bit quiet as well but also thoughtful. Both of you know when to speak up." I feel a bit uncomfortable, as if I should know this person but can't recall any person beside Minerva. "It sounds like you knew him well." "Well, he only ever played one game with us, and we were all frozen, him being a Muggle and all. But Queen Minerva talked of him often when she played with Isobel. You tend to hear a lot when the witches and wizards don't think you're listening." "Yes," I say, agreeing even though those words mean little to me. I have no idea what a Muggle is or who Isobel is, though I have that nagging feeling again that I should. "So, who was this Dougal?" The black knight pauses. "You don't remember him?" "No," I say. "Should I?" "I… I don't know. I don't know how this works for a chess piece that hasn't always been a chess piece. Maybe you shouldn't." But maybe I should. iv. Just as the kings ordered, we only played that one game. Most of our time is now spent going over different strategies for the white side. They mustn't lose again. Unfortunately, I'm not much help. According to the white bishop, I'm more useful when I don't speak up at all. My time is lonely, split between attempting to understand the complex plays the others are discussing and digging into the depths of my mind for those lost memories. Since our conversation about Dougal, the black knight has been distant, and the queen on my other side has given me the cold shoulder since the practice game. I'm still the outsider. More and more time passes until I don't even notice it anymore. I long for the solitude of my drawer once more while also yearning to be one of them. If only I could learn enough to be a real chess piece instead of an imposter, maybe I could belong here. Then a new sound echoes through the room—the squeak of a door—and the lights illuminate us all. The chatter stops as we all watch a mumbling man in a turban step up to the board. "Yes, yes, a chess game," the man says. "I won't fail you." I glance around, but there doesn't seem to be anyone else with him. He shoos away the king and stands in the center of my row with his hands folded. "Confident, then, is he?" the white queen says with challenging snark. "Let's show him how misleading an ego can be." The atmosphere is nothing like the practice game. No one giggles or teases. The white queen commands with an ear listening to the suggestions of those on both sides of the board. Everyone is hoping for the white side to win and grumbles at every clever move of this turbaned opponent. He favors the knights and the rooks, leaving my fellow bishop and me to linger back. The white queen targets the opponent's favorites, instructing the white bishop to take out one of the black rooks. The bishop lifts his staff and knocks it against the side of the castle, shoving the rook onto the floor. I gasp as bits of black stone scatter before the white bishop drags the rook to the side. Truly, this is nothing like our practice round. After one attack, pieces fall again and again until nearly half of them lay unmoving off the board. They are still alive, right? This game can't possibly be that brutal. My fears are overwhelming, though, and I have no way to chase away those doubts. I can only watch and flinch as pieces pile up. The black knight who has stood next to me for so long is in the center of it all, brushing by without a scratch. The white queen knows and moves forward herself, her sword raised. "No!" I think I shout in my own mind, but as the other pieces flinch towards me, I realize it has reached theirs. I don't care. All I can see is the blade slicing down while the black knight's faceless face stares back at me. ix. I remember. This feeling, I remember it. It hurts. It's opened up a hole that can never be filled. Dougal. He loved me. He made me. No wonder I am like him. He kept me secure in his pocket until that day in the freshly plowed field. We were both so happy. " Minerva… will you marry me?" " I… yes, Dougal, yes." I left with Minerva, tucked away in her pocket as she paced the floor of her room. Then morning came, and I was in her hand, reaching out to him. But he intended me for one and only one. I was not meant for him. I was hers. All those days strung on a chain and nestled next to her heartbeat. Never have I felt that safe or warm again. When she removed me years later, it felt like a part of me was ripping off. "To new beginnings," she had said, then shut me in that drawer. I remember falling asleep. x. Our battle is lost. Only a few commands later, the white king tosses his crown at the feet of the turbaned man and gestures for the remaining pieces to step aside. The man hurries through the door without a glance at my fallen companions. Yes, my companions. Because even if I am still a bit of an outsider here, if, given the choice, I would rather remain here than in that lonely drawer. I may not belong here perfectly just yet, but I do belong. "Worried about me, were you?" I start as the black knight walks towards me, limping with each step. I smile. "Maybe a bit concerned." "You'll get used to it."