that she'd met someone considering that she'd moped around the apartment for the first three weeks of school going from class to work, and then home without any breaks in between. Lily was so caught up in her thoughts about the presentation that she wasn't truly paying attention as she rounded a corner of the English department building and ran straight into a wall. Her bag, her ass and her elbows hit the ground with enough impact to knock the air from her lungs. Gasping for air, as she shook her head she looked up. Standing in her way was one very shocked James Potter. His backpack was over his shoulder and he was staring down at her gobsmacked. Lily stood up hastily her face heating up as she slung her bag over her shoulder. "You really do go here?" he asked, voice low as he ran a hand through his hair doing nothing but making it messier than it already was. "I really do, guess we really have just been running in different circles," she said softly her hands fidgeting with the end of her blazer. She was happy to see him she realized, it fit. She didn't work for his parents anymore; the rules of propriety no longer applied. Opening her mouth at the same time as he did she laughed and shook her head. "I'm sorry you go first," Lily said grinning up at the bespeckled man standing in her way. "Why'd you leave so quickly?" his tone was quiet and belied a feeling of vulnerability that he was trying hard not to show. "It was the right thing to do, I needed to leave and gain some perspective," she said honestly though she could feel her face flushing again. "Did you find it, perspective that is?" he pulled his glasses off to clean them as he squinted at her. Lily smiled, he only made a point of cleaning his glasses when he was anxious about something or was deep in thought. "I did though I figured I blew my chances at rectifying a very foolish mistake and well school is demanding," she said honestly looking at him and pushing her hair behind her hair. "You're right about that, I'm only at this end of campus because I promised Remus that I would bring him lunch," James said shrugging looking at her trying not to smile at how adorable she looked her cheeks bright pink and her nervous habits showing through. "That's nice of you, I had lunch with him last week. This latest batch of chemo really knocked him on his arse," she said softly looking at her feet. "But he's a fighter and his spirits are better," James finished for her reaching out to take her hand which was worrying the hem of her blazer, "so about that foolish mistake, run it by me maybe I can help?" His hand was warm and the way her fingers fit between his felt like the most perfect thing in the world. "I think you just might be able too. You see I met this absolute dork of a gentleman this summer while I was working for this lovely couple in Godric's Hollow. He was kind, sweet and funny, but he was the son of the couple I was working for. I knew he had feelings for me, and I for him but instead of acting on them I ran away when he asked me out at the end of my employment contract," she said softly looking up at him worrying her bottom lip as she waited for him to say something. "So, you're telling me that you were scared?" he asked softly pulling her closer to him closing the gap between them as he looked down at her. "Well scared isn't the right word, but unsure," Lily said intertwining her other hand with his as she stepped closer to him. "Lily Elizabeth Evans you were scared and you shouldn't lie about it, it's okay though. I'll let you in on a secret so was I," James was looking at her as though the stars were shining around her head. Lily finally understood what Sirius had meant back in July. "Except you asked me and I ran away," she said leaning closer and shaking her head causing her hair to fall loose. James chuckled and pushed a stand of hair back behind her ear and shrugged. "How about I ask you now? Would you run away?" he was serious and looked at her eyebrow raised as she shifted slightly. "Ask me and find out?" was all she said when he took a step back. Making a space between them. "Lily will you go on a date with me?" he asked softly as though worried she would bolt. She could feel his hands tighten slightly on hers. "You know James I think that would be the best thing for us both, put us pining idiots out of our misery," she teased closing the gap as she leaned up on her tip-toes and placed a chaste kiss to his lips. Pulling away she searched his eyes and smiled as she watched a blush run across his face. "I think that you're correct it would be the best thing for us both." he teased before pausing, "wait where were you going in such a hurry?" At his question, she glanced down at her wrist watch groaning inwardly. It was now ten past eleven and she had missed her presentation. "I had a presentation in my 10:45 class, though I've missed it now." She said sighing looking grumpy as she looked up at him. James was struggling not to laugh at the fact that even when clearly upset she looked beautiful. "How about I get you a coffee and you can tell me all about this presentation you didn't get to give," he said making a sweeping gesture towards the campus coffee shop. "I think that would be best for us both."