in her second year. Now nine prefects remained, and Tyriana recognized a few of them. Not wanting to be left out, she made a point of being the one to explain to them the responsibilities of a prefect both on the train and in the castle. She fully expected Hawkins to react bitterly to being upstaged but, to her surprise, he merely listened and nodded along as she hit each of the main points they'd both studied. By the end of her speech, she'd forgotten that it was Hawkins standing next to her and she was horrified to find herself asking him politely if she'd missed anything. "I think that sums it up," he said. "I suspect the troublemakers feel safe now that the first wave of prefects have swept through. It's time for you guys to prove that you're worthy of those shiny badges and catch them in the act." Looking highly motivated, the new prefects set off and left Tyriana alone with Hawkins. She eyed him with a grudging respect. "That was impressive." He shrugged. "Leadership is one of the qualities that Slytherin house values. Jealous?" She pretended that his jab hadn't hit anywhere close to home. "Not in the slightest. I just appreciate a good leader when I see one." Tyriana didn't realize that she'd complimented him until he said, "Thanks." She berated herself for that lapse. "You know what I find amusing?" he asked after a moment of silence. Tyriana braced herself for the worst insult he could invent. "What?" "You insisted on briefing them for a job that you've never done. I've been a prefect for the last two years. That should've been me." "Well, congratulations, showoff. As I recall, you did nothing but nod as I hit the nail on the head." His forehead furrowed as she said the last phrase. "What?" "It's a Muggle expression. Of course you wouldn't be familiar with it. I meant that I did a great job." "I said that you did a good job of summing it up . Reading and memorizing a few pages is never a substitute for experience," he countered. "Maybe you should tell our professors that and they'd stop assigning meaningless homework." He chuckled and changed the subject. "Are you excited for this year?" "Of course. I absolutely love Hogwarts but I'm eager to see what the real world has to offer when I graduate. And then, of course, there's Quidditch. You should start preparing to lose now." He chuckled but otherwise ignored her jab. "What about you?" she asked. He casually leaned back against the wall behind him, his eyes thoughtfully scanning the empty carriage before settling comfortably back on hers. "I feel just about the same way. Say, do you want to join me in the third wave?" "What?" "Well, I was thinking that we'd patrol the train, too. Leading by example, you know?" "I would like to lead by example," she admitted, "But not with you." To his credit, he managed to look genuinely hurt by that. "You're so hostile." "Speak for yourself," she growled, heading aft on her own accord. He hurried after her. As she made her way into the next carriage and began weaving her way through the crowded aisle between compartments, she heard him drawl from behind her, "Merlin's beard, Gallagher, you're so short you look like you're drowning in this crowd." "Shut up, Hawkins." "We'd be going twice as fast if you let me lead. You're terrible at clearing paths." "I thought I said I didn't want you to come along?" "I couldn't listen to that. Frankly, I'd be bored to death right now if pushing your buttons wasn't so bloody entertaining." She could picture the smirk on his face without even seeing it. "I'm warning you, Hawkins…" "What're you going to do?" "You'd be surprised." "Are you planning to jump on me like a little monkey?" "You think that's funny now," she growled. "The thing about you purebloods is that you're so used to magic solving all your problems that you don't actually know how to use your fists." Glancing over her shoulder, she saw him unconsciously put a bit more distance between them. She grinned, triumph coursing through her body. "Calm down, Gallagher," he said. "Can you imagine how bad it would look if the Head Girl punched the Head Boy in the first ten minutes of duty?" She shrugged. "It wouldn't look that bad if it was justified. Wishing you hadn't pushed my buttons now?" "Not in the slightest." She stopped suddenly, and Hawkins ran into her back. "What did you stop for?" She pointed at one of the compartments, where two fourth years, one male and one female, were yelling at each other. "I'll try to diffuse this. You keep going." Hawkins nodded. Tyriana slid the compartment door open. The two arguing students and two others (who'd scooted as far away as possible) looked up. "Hi," she said in the most friendly tone that she could muster. "I'm Tyriana Gallagher, the Head Girl. I heard some yelling. Can I help resolve the situation?" As she quickly discovered, the two arguers were dating and had come into disagreement over how each other were allowed to interact with members of the opposite gender. The boy seemed to believe it was perfectly reasonable for him to request that his girlfriend stay away from other guys — even if she was friends with them — but it was ridiculous for her to counter by asking him to do the same. The girl believed that both of them should be fine with each other socializing with any member of the opposing gender, as long as the interaction wasn't romantic in nature. Tyriana immediately sided with the girl, although she did her best to be a neutral arbiter. After ten minutes she managed to get both parties on the same page and left feeling satisfied with her handling of the conflict. This isn't so difficult after all .