Hogwarts with their licences to perform magic wherever they pleased as long as it didn't break the law. They should be excited. Instead her, Dorcas, Alice, Marlene, Remus, James, Sirius and Peter were waiting for news that Mary was going to pull through the night. As the hours crept past, Dorcas and Alice left to get some sleep before the ceremony the next day. Lily to her credit was perfectly happy in her spot curled against her boyfriend of one year. At one point after midnight Marlene and Sirius had crept up to the boys dorm room to take comfort in one known certainty they felt they had. When Marlene came down and then asked Lily if there had been any news, upon finding out that they still hadn't heard from McGonagall she had gone up to her own bed. Remus and Peter had taken that as a sign that they could go up to bed without having to deal with a Sirius sexapade. Snuggling against James' chest she looked at the fires and tried not to think of the war that was raging out in the world far from the protected hallowed halls of Hogwarts. She smiled when he took her left hand in his right and traced light circles along her wrist and palm. "When Remus used the mirror to say that there had been another attack on a muggle born witch I was terrified, I thought it was you and then to see you on the map surrounded by our friends with our enemies right there in front of you, I-" he broke off the words, to say that he thought she'd been killed was unspeakable, "is it bad of me that I felt relief then anger when I found out that it was Mary who had been attacked?" He shifted so he could look at her, his brown eyes searching as though he would be able to read the answer in her eyes. Lily didn't answer at first as she listened to him admit his personal feelings about the attack. She couldn't imagine what she'd feel if someone told her a male Gryffindor had been attacked only to then find out that James was fine. "I think that you had a perfectly reaction for someone worried about the love of his life." She said the words trying to coax a smile from his lips. His face softened and he pulled her into a tighter hug and settled his chin on top of her head. His hands intertwined with against her lower back. He let out the last breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. The fire and the warmth from James lulling her to a light sleep. He smiled as he felt her relax, no matter what had happened between them over the years, this had been their place. The place where they could lean on each other and tell each other the harsh truths and be vulnerable. "Marry me," he said softly, trying out the phrase, convinced that she was sleeping, it was a simple statement, but it was so much more than that. James never wanted to worry about her safety again. "Did you just ask me to-" she pulled away slowly looking at her boyfriend, "James we've been dating almost a year and you want to marry me?" Her green eyes sharp and clear as she looked at James with his messy hair, and his kind brown eyes. "Yea, I guess I did." He said smiling at her, taking in the way the flames created a halo of red around her hair. "Why?" she asked because she was nothing if not cynical and honestly she wanted to say yes but something told her to ask why first. "Why what? Why do I want to marry the smartest, bravest, kindest soul my soul has ever met?" he asked punctuating every word with a chaste kiss. This caused Lily to giggle and shake her head at his clichéd words. "I'm serious James, why do you want to marry me?" she asked poking his chest. "Wait if your Sirius where's Lily?" he asked laughing at his bad joke before clearing his throat, "because I never want to lose you ever, I want our souls joined for better or for worse, I want to fight by your side against the forces out there." He could tell she hadn't expected an honest answer. "Because I'm the love of your life?" she asked softly her cheeks heating up in a flush. "Yes Lily because you are the love of my life." He answered leaning in and kissing her gently. "You know I'd love to say yes but you don't have a ring so it's not a real proposal," she teased as she wrapped her arms around his neck and placed another chaste kiss to his lips. "Who said I didn't have a ring, you just happen to be sitting on my wand and I can't conjure it from upstairs without it," he said his fingertips delivering a few tickles as he shifted to get his wand from his pocket. Silently conjuring the ring his mother had helped him pick out over winter holiday he held out his hand looking at Lily. "So Lily Jane Evans, will you make me the luckiest man in the world and marry me?" he asked opening his hand to reveal a simple band with a blue chalcedony encircled with diamonds. "Of course I'll marry you, you dork," she said softly tracing the protection gem after he'd slipped it onto her finger, "I love it James. Almost as much as I love you." They curled up together and dozed off on the couch embraced in the arms of each other as the fireplace roared and the coziness of their spot lulled them off to sleep. The battles to come were just that future trials. Within the common room though with the sleeping paintings and the never dying fire they were safe. It was their spot.