of his Peverell heritage or expect him to be so? "Magic?" Harry parroted as he inclined his head to appear as though he was pondering upon the word. "Yes, Harry. You're a wizard," Tom nodded. "A wizard can use magic to do things." "What things?" Harry expected Riddle to burn the wardrobe, just like Dumbledore did but he gave a flick of his wand and his rickety cot transformed into a king-size bed that took up half of the room. Harry gave an inspecting poke and as expected, the mattress felt softer than wool. But Harry tried his best to show surprise. "Wow! Does it stay like this?" As a ridiculous example of being out of character, Riddle rubbed the back of his neck with a sheepish expression on his face. "Not really. It may last for a day but this is not permanent." This time, Harry needn't fake his disappointment. "Aw! But this magic thing is really cool, though." "This is the first time you've seen something like this?" Riddle asked with surprise evident in his tone. "You say you've never done things that seem impossible? Things that happen when you are angry or sad? "I can make things fly!" Harry came out with the truth, knowing that he might slip at some point and might need an excuse. Old habits die hard, after all. "Fly?" "Like this," Harry said as he levitated the pillow lying on the mattress with his hand. Riddle gaped at the sight. "That's...that's very good, Mr. Peverell. From what age were you able to do this?" Nineteen, technically. "From about two years ago, I think. Ain't it cool?" "Yes, that's...cool," Riddle coughed into his hand. "That aside, are you willing to accept the offer of being a student at Hogwarts?" What a wonderful way to divert the topic. "Umm..." For some reason, that might or might not have something to do with Tom Riddle and Gellert Grindelwald, Harry hesitated. "Sure...er, professor?" Riddle chuckled, flashing his perfect set of front teeth. "Normally, students are beyond themselves with excitement at the thought of learning magic but mistrust is something we don't see every day." "Not everybody can be like you, professor," Harry retorted without a thought. In hindsight, he shouldn't have said that and it would've helped if he acted normal for once. To Harry's relief, Riddle let out a smile. "Well, that's what is surprising. You remind me too much of myself." Harry froze in his place. He presumed that this sense of anxiety he was feeling was because of his preconceptions regarding Riddle but never had he thought that this anxiety was the result of Harry knowing deep down that this Riddle was reminding him too much of himself. Of the Harry, who was an agent for the Department of Mysteries. Unbidden, a memory rose to the front of his mind. "Professor Dumbledore…Riddle said I'm like him. Strange likenesses, he said…" So, had Riddle chosen the right path he would've turned out like Harry did or had Harry chosen the wrong path, he would've become a Dark Lord like Voldemort? Oh, this stuff was enough to give him a headache that could last for a lifetime. "That's a good thing, isn't it?" Harry said at last when the silence became too much to bear. "I hope so." Curse Riddle and his foreboding warnings. "So!" Riddle clapped, snapping Harry out of his reverie. "You can get all the things you need at Diagon Alley." Riddle gave a side-long glance at Harry. "You don't know where it is, do you?" Harry gave an innocent look before shaking his head. Riddle didn't accept Dumbledore's help in his world, so Harry would; It wouldn't do to remind Riddle even more of himself. "You want me to accompany you then, Mr. Peverell?" Harry didn't waste a moment to nod. "Sure, Professor. I don't want to get lost, after all." "Hmm," Riddle nodded along. "You wouldn't mind if we pick up another student on our way?" Harry held back a sigh. "Erm, sure?" "Hold my hand." Harry gave a suspicious glance at the offered hand before taking it. He came to the conclusion that this Riddle was far different from the Voldemort of his world but some instincts were hard to suppress. Riddle rolled his eyes at the blatant show of distrust but said nothing. "So, what do we do now?" Harry wondered as he stared at their linked hands. Harry's answer came in the form of a sudden pop that echoed in the now empty room. Harry held his head as he swayed in his place, quelling the urge to puke the contents of his stomach. 'You cruel, sadistic bastard.' "What the hell was that, Professor?" Harry snapped after composing himself. Riddle blinked. "That's apparition, Mr. Peverell. A way of transportation in the wizarding world." "A way to kill people, that's what it is." "Now that I think about it, I should have warned you," Tom mused with a sly smile as he walked forward. Harry trudged after the professor, murmuring curses to himself. Riddle ignored his mutterings with enviable ease. The cottage in the distance felt vaguely familiar to Harry but he was certain he never set foot in this place. Riddle knocked on the door while Harry waited behind him. A few shouts were heard from the inside and the door was opened a moment later by a red-haired girl. A girl whom Harry wouldn't be able to forget even if he tried. Lily Evans. Author's Note: So, this is where I've decided to end it. An inconclusive ending, I know, but there are some things I need to clarify and this chapter's already too long for a first chapter. Review are very much appreciated and I love long reviews that pick my story apart piece by piece. Review or PM your doubts, thoughts or opinions and I will be more than glad to have a hearty conversation with each of you. That's it, folks. See ya!