apartment. I let myself in and found her lounging on the watching the television. She smiled at me and told me to pour myself a glass of wine before joining her. Sitting on the floor, I told her what had happened. She sat up rather quickly with a cheeky smile on her. "So, you are telling me, that a man grabbed you and kissed you for no reason." "Yes, that is what I am telling you." I took a sip of my wine and dropped my head backwards. "What kind of person does that?" Another sip. Lily asked, "Was he ugly?" "No. Does that matter?" "Old?" she asked. I frowned. "No." "Then what is the problem?" She looked surprised. "A handsome guy kissed you. I wish it happened to me." She took a sip of her own wine. I took a large gulp and grabbed the bottle to pour more into both of our glasses. "The problem is that he kissed me without my permission." She frowned. "Was he that bad at kissing?" "Yes! Well, no. Actually, it was rather enjoyable." His lips were rather soft, and he certainly knew what to do with his tongue. I found myself licking my bottom lip. I frowned and shook my head. Lily shrugged. "Then who cares. You got to make out with a hot stranger. Let it go." I rolled my eyes. "You are no help." Lily laughed and slid down to sit beside me on the floor. She grabbed my hand. "If it was me who, as you put it, got 'molested' by a handsome stranger who was a good kisser, I would have at least asked for a name." "I was too busy slapping him." Her mouth dropped open. "You slapped him?" I nodded. "Twice." Another big sip of wine. Lily smirked. "Wow, you must have really enjoyed it." I nudged her shoulder. "I did not." She laughed. "Oh, stop it. I know you, Sev. It is why you are so flustered and haven't shut up about it since you arrived." I blushed. "You are the one who has been questioning me about me." Lily just giggled and drank her wine. "What did he look like?" I shrugged. "Why does it matter?" "Because I want to get a good visual so if I spot him one day, I can try him out myself." "You're so gross." I screwed up my nose. "Anyway, details!" She clapped her hands together, almost like by doing so she made it a demand. I sighed and took another sip of wine. "From what I noticed he was around six feet. Black hair. He wore glasses, and had hazel eyes." "If you weren't interested in him, why do you remember the colour of his eyes?" she asked. "Because before he grabbed me I may have been eyeing him up a bit." It was true. His eyes were the first thing I noticed behind his glasses. Next was his bum. But that didn't matter anymore. "Did he give you a reason for his actions?" she asked. "He said something about avoiding fangirls or whatever. He probably wanted to avoid his girlfriends." "Wait. Fangirls?" Lily grasped my arm. I nodded slowly. "Yeah, fangirls." She placed the wine glass on the table and stood up. "Hazel eyes, black hair, glasses?" "Yes." "Did you happen to notice if he has a scar over his right eyebrow?" She picked up a stack of magazines and grabbed a newspaper. "Maybe, why?" She had a copy of the Daily Prophet. "This is why." She placed the copy down on the table. There on the sports page section was a picture of the man who had kissed me. Except he was holding a broom in one hand and dressed in a uniform. He had a big smile on his face. He wasn't alone in the picture, but he was clearly the favourite. "Hey, that's him. Why is he in the prophet?" "Well, this handsome young man is a chaser for 'Puddlemere United' and he has been scouted for the English team for the World Cup. His name is James Potter." So, the man had a name. And one that suited him well. "And he is one of the best players around at the moment. Everyone loves him." Lily was only into Quidditch for the boys. A guy liked it when a girl new about sports. I shrugged again. "Well, I've never heard of him." I took another sip. "You also never liked Quidditch." Lily sat back down. I frowned. "I don't do sports." "Besides that, you got to snog England's most eligible bachelor. Lucky sod." She poked my shoulder. "Whatever." "You should try and get in contact with him." She picked up her wine again. "Why would I do that?" I reached for the bottle. "Because then you can get another kiss, or maybe something more." "I think I'll pass." But if it did happen again, I don't think I would complain so much. "Or maybe put in a good word for me." I emptied the bottle into my glass. "Seriously?" "You are such a prude, Sev." I took a sip. "Better a prude than a slut." She pouted. "Hey, don't be mean. I merely like to have sex. At least they aren't strangers. I know the people I sleep with before I shove my tongue down their throat." She teased me by flicking her tongue from side to side. I groaned. "Why do I put up with you?" "For the free wine. Should I grab another bottle?" "Yes. And do you have any chocolate?" "Of course, I do." I smiled. "That is why I put up with you." The idea of running into James again wasn't such a bad idea. Kissing him again, on my terms, wouldn't be such a bad idea either. It wouldn't happen though. Running into famous people happened very rarely, and it was doubtful to happen twice. James would just be a funny story that I would tell people.