eyes had a mind of their own. He skimmed over the Great Hall and found them easily enough. Fred and Roxanne sat nearest to him, surrounded by a crowd of grinning students. All of them had their attention fixed on something in Fred's hand. Whatever it was, Fred passed it to Roxanne who lobbed it diagonally across the table to a shifty looking boy with curly blonde hair. The boy moved the object behind his back and opened his hand. Al caught a glimpse of a small white candy before an equally shifty looking brunette walked passed and plucked the hard candy smoothly out of the boy's palm. She continued on down the table. Al already knew where she was heading. Louis Weasley laughed brightly at something the dark-haired girl beside him said, candlelight catching on his new fang earring as his head tilted back. The shifty brunette slipped up beside him, elbows resting on the table. They were too far for Al to hear them, but the girl smiled, pretty brown eyes hooded, and Louis smiled back. The girl gestured to Louis' fang earring with one hand; the other dropped the hard candy smoothly into Louis' goblet. The brunette blew Louis a kiss before she continued on down the table. Louis watched her go until the dark-haired girl beside him angrily snapped her fingers in front of his face. Victoire sat further down the table, her shimmering strawberry-blonde hair tossed over her shoulder. As always, she looked gorgeous and terrifying, her eyes outlined darkly in kohl, her eyebrows perfectly pointed. Her dark blue eyes were cool as she spoke with one of her friends, a heavily ringed hand dragging absently through her hair, but Al saw the annoyed twist to her lips and knew she wasn't as oblivious to the guy across the table desperately trying to get her attention as she pretended. The guy had better give up soon or run fast. James sat near the opposite end of the table from Al with his friends. They were all laughing at something except for James, who was scowling, cheeks red. Al spotted Frank Longbottom at Hufflepuff. Dominque at Ravenclaw. A family member in every house, except for Slytherin. The hall fell silent. Al turned to see why. At the center of the raised platform, perched atop a four-legged stool, sat the oldest wizarding hat Al had ever seen in his life. Everyone watched the old hat, expectant. The hat twitched. A first-year boy shrieked. A wide tear opened near the brim of the hat and Scorpius leaned passed the tall girl in front of him to look at the boy. "I bet he faints," Scorpius whispered back to Al. The Sorting Hat began to sing. Most of the students listened respectfully, but Al caught a glimpse of James and his friends pretending to sing along with it, sniggering to themselves. Al tuned out the song, too nervous to listen, and, before he knew it, it was over. The Sorting had begun. "When your name is called, you will sit on the stool and put on the Sorting Hat," Professor Ainsworth spoke into the silence that followed the Sorting Hat's song. "Addison, Katherine." A small, frightened looking girl stumbled to the stool, nearly falling over her own feet in her haste. Her face went scarlet all the way to the roots of her dark brown hair. She reminded Al of Lily. Perhaps it was the freckles splattered across her face. Or maybe it was the fierce look that entered her eye right before the Sorting Hat slid neatly over her face. "GRYFFINDOR!" Two more Gryffindors followed and then the blonde from the boat, "Bennet, Chloe," approached the stool. Her sorting took longer than the first three, but before long the Sorting Hat shouted, "SLYTHERIN!" and Chloe headed off to her new house. Her dark-haired friend, "Cox, Hailey," joined her there shortly after. "Ellis, Emma," became the first to be sorted into Ravenclaw, followed by the first Hufflepuff, "Emmet, Wyatt," a quiet looking boy with curly blonde hair and large brown eyes. The sorting continued, the line of first years slowly dwindling, and then - "Malfoy, Scorpius!" Whispers broke out across the Great Hall as people recognized the name. Scorpius separated from the line and, for a crazy moment, Al considered reaching out and stopping him. They could run away. Uncle Charlie had always had a soft spot for him. Maybe he'd stow them away in Romania. Neither of them had to be sorted. But Scorpius approached the stool with his head held high, his narrow shoulders squared. Professor Ainsworth dropped the Sorting Hat onto his head and – nothing. Ten seconds passed. Twenty. Al leaned forward on his tiptoes. Thirty seconds. Thirty-two – "SLYTHERIN!" Al fell back hard onto his feet, a ragged breath tearing from his chest. The Slytherin table clapped dutifully, wholly unsurprised. Al hated them. He hated all of this right now – Hogwarts, the sorting, his family's gazes on him, waiting, expectant. "Malory, Serena," went to Ravenclaw. Al closed his eyes. "Potter, Albus!" End notes: This project promises to be an absolute beast , so any feedback and encouragement will be greatly appreciated. Check out my Tumblr, pcnsysparkinson, for writing updates, deleted scenes, and random drabbles here and there. Everything I post related to this fanfic will be tagged, 'voiceless'. If you want to shoot me a message, my Tumblr is the best place to reach me. It will be awhile before Chapter 2 is up. Be patient with me. I am very devoted to seeing this fanfic through to the end and I already have all the bigger details planned out, so I promise you I am not abandoning it. I originally planned on writing the whole fanfic and then posting one chapter at a time, but this turned into a far more massive project than it started, so I am changing that plan and posting as I go to help keep myself motivated.