they thought the idea was good enough he barely noticed sitting through his study hall period or Literature with Minnie. By the time the end of the day had come around he had written a small note card with everything he wanted to say to Lily before asking her to prom. He grabbed his practice gear, their 'child' and his backpack and headed back up to the health room to return their doll together. Lily had Greek right next to the health room so her standing there waiting her hair in a bun held together with a pencil he waved. All their friends were standing around waiting to return their respective dolls to Slughorn. "Lily before we return Harry I need to talk to you about something," his voice was shaky as he looked at her and bit his lip. "Lily Jane Evans will you go to Prom with me?" when her smile dropped he sped forward hoping he could make her see that they'd be a good fit. "Lily you are the most impressive woman I have the pleasure to know. You never pause to defend others from bullies and racists alike. I know you were wary about working with me at the beginning of the project and I admit I can be a prick with the best of them. You are so kind and selfless, never pausing to sacrifice your desires to help another person. I know that I'm not your ideal person, but I would love to be your date to prom…" James was flying through his speech and at some point, the speech wasn't even what he'd planned. Lily for her credit was blushing and biting her lip. "Harry thinks we should go to prom too," he concluded holding out their doll who was holding a poster between his hands that read. 'Mom please take dad to prom, he's a mess without you.' Nothing, she was saying nothing. She looked like she might be about to cry now that he looked at her. Mentally cursing himself he took a step forward and held out his hand. She wasn't supposed to cry, this was all supposed to make her smile or laugh. Walking closer he wrapped her into a hug, the doll trapped between them. "Lily I'm so sorry I thought getting asked to prom would make you smile, I had no idea the thought of going with me was going to make you cry." "For second in our class, you're one of the dumbest people I know," her muffled voice came from against his chest, she'd hugged him back without a thought and held on tight. James pulled away careful not to drop the doll, letting Lily take their doll before brushing a strand of hair behind her ear. "Then why are you crying," he was now completely confused. "You idiot, I was sad that our project was over. I was sad that we weren't going to have a reason to sit after practice and watch the sunset. Or I wouldn't have a reason to be sitting in your kitchen and talk to your mother for hours while she teaches me assorted styles of curry, korma and kheer. I don't want our movie nights to end and I knew that we'd stop hanging out the minute we returned Harry and-and-" her voice broke off as she burst into full blown tears looking at him hoping he'd understand just why she was so upset, these tears were no longer sad tears but rather happy tears. "Wait you were going to miss those things too? I had no intention of letting our movie nights or after practice talks disappear, Lily for the first in our class you are rather dense. I'm in love with you, have been for the last seven years, since you tripped me on the playground for teasing Alice back in six year," he said wiping her tears away. Her tears started to slow as she looked up at him and his unruly hair and his bespeckled eyes. She saw no hint of falsehood in his brown eyes, just the truth. Neither one of them noticed that it wasn't just their friends standing around them anymore. Teachers and other classmates were standing around them now too. Minnie smirked at Slughorn from across the crowd, before taking a hundred pound note from Trelawney and a fifty from Flitwick. They'd been trying to get the two kids together all through the last four years and it turned out that Slughorn and Minnie had been right about pairing them up for the family management project. "So Lily, will you go to prom with me?" he asked again his voice soft and gentle as he took her hand in his staring down into her bright green watery eyes. "I think that I would love to go to prom with you James, but also I'd rather ask you for something a bit more permanent. Will you be my boyfriend?" she asked softly looking up at him and grinning at him cheekily. "Lily Evans I've only ever wanted to be your boyfriend," he said and pulled her back into a bone crushing hug as cheers erupted across the hall. The most shipped pair in Hogwart Prep was finally together. All it took was a baby doll and some scheming professors. Epilogue Six years later, James and Lily had graduated university while also juggling their long-distance relationship. James had gone to UCL for pre-clinical medicine and was starting his first year of post grad clinical medicine at Cambridge. Lily had gone to Cambridge right out of secondary school for law and was now starting her apprenticeship to continue pursuing her degree in law. Somehow, they'd not only exceled in their separate paths, but also together. They were planning to get married when James finished his residency in four years, though that plan was probably going to be pushed up as Lily stared at the little stick in her hand. They were pregnant.