a question begged reciprocation. How would she react knowing that he , of all people, had garnered her attention? He feared missing out on a happiness that took him months –no, years to find. All wrapped up in the walking definition of purity. "Would it be too forward of me if I kissed you?" The question caught Draco off-guard. Hermione felt embarrassed having asked. She felt her practical side scolding her for living without morals. Her other side, the side that was sinking into his arms and loving the feel of him cradling her, his fingers tracing up and down her arm, that side didn't want to waste what was turning out to be an incredible fantasy. "No," Draco replied as he let her go enough so that she could face him. "It wouldn't be forward at all." Hermione smiled. Draco lost his resolve. He let one of his hands come up and touch her cheek. Caressed was more like it. His hand was soft and comforting, and Hermione leaned into his touch. Draco slowly leaned forward, his lips barely brushing hers before she closed the teasing gap between them. Their lips touched once, and then parted. With almost unnoticeable tilts of their heads their lips connected yet again, but this time more than a just a graze. From corner to corner their mouths joined, leaving not a space. Their tongues reached out to meet one another with a sweet greeting –sliding past each other in an effort to explore their partner's home. Their kiss was deep. Their kiss was slow. Draco's hands had maneuvered their way to her waist, holding her tight and holding her close. Hermione's arms were wrapped around his neck, keeping him near as their kiss delved into passion. If either had kept count, they would've known that minutes had ticked by –minutes filled with Draco's playful nibbling of her lip, Hermione's teasing licking of his. When they finally pulled away they were breathless, but eager to lose said breathlessness all over again. This couldn't just be it. Hermione had to know who had trapped her in a web of intimacy that she wanted to repeat until the end of time. She swallowed, a hand easing itself from his neck and reaching for his mask. She was surprised when her hand was caught in his and he slowly shook his head. "You'll hate me." Hermione frowned. "How do you know that?" Draco tried not to let his melancholy show, but it was downright impossible. "Because everyone already does." "So…after tonight you'll just…we'll just…go?" She hated how desperate she sounded. Draco loved it. He was wanted. Needed even. How could he deny her? How could he deny himself? With a shaky breath he rested his forehead on hers. "Your mask first." Hermione had no issues complying. She nodded and slowly slipped hers off. Draco impressively held back his shock. Granger. It was Granger . But the fact that he was attracted to her -her, the former bane of his existence, the witch who'd once annoyed him to no end, the girl-turned-woman who he'd been forbidden to like due to his long-ditched prejudices -wasn't the problem. It was the fact that he knew she would hate that it was him who had stolen her affection. "Your turn." Draco didn't want to, but he reluctantly and with a shaky hand slid his mask down. Unlike himself, Hermione couldn't suppress her surprise. And what else was that he had seen in her eyes? Was that disappointment? Was it regret? It was something, and it made Draco's world shatter like glass. "I knew you'd hate me." Hermione didn't reply. She didn't move out of his arms either. She was stuck in limbo –an in between of her past and her present with the blond she avoided in the halls. He wasn't evil, she knew. He was different, she knew. And although one's past shouldn't define who they were, his past was carved in stone. And yet, his present had captured her own. He was delicate, careful, sweet, and enticing. Why did his true mask have to obscure what lay underneath? She focused on his eyes. She zeroed in on his lips. She continued to feel his hands, and all of those things were what made her heart flutter more times in one night than it had ever in her life. Hermione sighed and closed her eyes and let her senses take control. She eased into him, hugging him almost, and buried her head into his neck. A second later she was standing on her toes so that she could reach his ear. "Masquerades allow you to be someone else for a while." She whispered to him. "I…I'd rather do that." Draco felt giddy. He let his grip on Hermione tighten, not only to steady himself, but to keep her close. "What about tomorrow?" Hermione pulled back from him some and stared into his eyes, dissolving the Malfoy coating and burying it with his past. "When tonight's over, then we can think about tomorrow." Draco nodded and leaned back in, stealing her lips in a kiss that was less gentle, more passionate, and bleeding into her every hope that tomorrow wouldn't be filled with any regrets. Hermione, using what little concentration she had to conjure a bubble of heat around them, felt the snow melt beneath her feet. And as she felt one strap of her dress slip, and heard the tumble of Draco's hat as it hit the ground, she hoped that tomorrow, after the entanglement of white and black, that she'd still be seeing grey. Author's note: Hello :). So this little tidbit came at the awful time of one a.m. when I had to be up for work at 5:30. Regardless, I'm proud of it and I hope that you liked it! Please leave a review and let me know what you thought. I'm considering, though I'm honestly not sure, of writing more. We'll see. Thanks for reading! -WP