way that they talked about her friend. Her guy friend. Just a friend. "He does that with every girl!" Dani exclaimed. Honestly, he did. Sirius Black was Hogwart's flirt. #1. Hell, he could charm his way out of detention with half the teachers in the school if he wanted to. Not to mention into just about any girl's pants. And that's why Dani never had a long term relationship. Because she didn't want to be treated the way that Sirius described other girls. She'd overheard him, on multiple occasions, talking to his friends about different girls he'd been with. To be honest, he was a true pig. But he never treated Dani that way. Because we're friends. She thought to herself. Lily grinned, "You two are always so close. And he always picks you up and spins you around. It's really cute." Dani could feel her face growing warmer by the second. Her porcelain skin turning blotchy and pink. She grumbled to herself before attempting to change the subject. "Well..." she began softly. "Why don't you just give James a shot this year? I mean, really. He could have matured... over summer...?" There was a pause. All of the girls fell silent for a split second. Danica tried to keep a straight face as she stared at Lily, but she could feel her face muscles twitching. Unable to hold it in, she snorted. In response, all of the girls' laughter filled up the compartment. Serena was wheezing and struggling not to drip nail polish on the compartment seats. Marlene had keeled over, having choked on her pumpkin juice; but her shoulders were shaking with mirth. Lily was laughing and gasping "James-" "Potter-" "Mature?" in between bursts of laughter. And Dani was leaning back in her seat, her head thrown back in laughter, eyes squeezed shut. The idea of James Potter maturing in the slightest was ridiculous enough but over a summer? Impossible. The four girls eventually calmed down enough to speak that's when Lily brightened up and exclaimed, "OH! I forgot to tell you!" Danica jumped and looked at Lily inquisitively, her cognac-colored eyes widened. "What? What is it?" "I'm Head Girl!" Lily declared excitedly. Her emerald eyes were sparkling. "And now Marlene is our seventh-year prefect!" Danica grinned. "Well, I can't say I'm surprised. You had it in the bag. And Marlene are you sure you're ready to take over prefect's duties?" She grinned at her blonde friend. Marlene had always been known for her mischievous ways, sneaking out of the common room in the middle of the night, getting back at Sirius for pranking the girls by dyeing his hair green, sneaking into the kitchens to get cookies and fire whiskey from the elves. Marlene shrugged, "At least now I'll have an excuse when I sneak out. 'I'm patrolling tonight, Professor McGonagall.'" She grinned, a mischievous twinkle in her eye. Lily sent her a disapproving look. However, the only thing she replied with was, "Just don't bring any flings into the Prefects' bathroom, please." Marlene rolled her eyes, "Yeah right," she muttered sarcastically. "I'm totally the type to have weekend flings." Danica snorted. But before any of the girls could say another word there was a loud knock on the compartment door before it slid open. And of course, there stood James Potter and his crew. Dani turned toward Lily with a grin awaiting the " Potter " or the "get lost." " What do you want now, Potter?" Lily questioned, her eyes ablaze and her lips pursed tight. Danica looked back over at the messy haired best friend of Sirius Black. Over the course of her Hogwarts career, Danica had grown to milk every second of the "James and Lily encounter." Whether Lily wanted to admit it or not, James had a quick mind and a smart mouth (which made the two's arguments that much more entertaining). Danica, as she watched the scene before her with interest, couldn't help but come to a few conclusions. James Potter, however often Lily denied the claim, was extremely handsome. He was tall and lean and built up a good amount of muscle from quidditch. His eyes were hazel at first glance; but when someone as observant as Dani stared into them, she could see the blue rimming his pupil. The blue seemed even brighter against James's black hair that always seemed to be in a perpetual state of disarray. Despite this, it never gave the boy a look of messiness but rather a reckless and shall I say "sexy" appeal. However, Lily would never admit this, however many times the girls tried to get her to. James smirked slightly, his squared glasses sitting low on his long nose. "I was told that I needed to get you. There's a meeting for prefects and head students at the front of the train." Slowly, Dani made eye contact with Sirius who was standing beside James. Sirius's pale gray eyes connected with hers and he grinned at her. A grin, Danica knew from personal experience, that meant something was going to happen. The girl's pale brows furrowed as she mouthed to her friend, "What do you mean?" Meanwhile, Lily was still glaring at James. "And how would you know about the meeting?" she asked dryly. That's when it clicked in her head. Danica's eyes widened and she snorted with laughter, even before James replied. Sirius' lips split into a wide grin as he watched Dani finally get what was happening. "Because I'm Head Boy." Hey, you guys! I actually really liked this story, but I wanted to change the point of view to 3rd person so I had to start over, lol. I hope you enjoyed the chapter, though. If you did please tell me. Have a lovely day! :) Also I'm looking for poetry recommendations so if you have any favorite poets or poems it would be super cool if you shared them with me in a pm or a review. :)