Sherlock Holmes. Morgan left the room with the book and set it on the mahogany desk in her room before heading to the dining hall. Her eyes wandered around the room and fixated on a portrait of a wizard with a magnificent beard. The portrait moved and Morgan just stared at him in amazement. "Cool." She quietly said. The wizard gave a light chuckle at that and Morgan took a seat at the dining table, "My name is Morgan O'Brien, what's yours sir?" "My, my, such manners. I am Emrys, or better known as Merlin." The wizard said. Morgan gained a surprised glint in her blue eyes before excitement lit up her features. She was meeting the Merlin , the wizard who helped King Arthur. "Can Clara get Missus Morgan anything?" Clara asked as she appeared at the girls elbow. "Some tea and sandwiches please. Make sure you get something to eat as well Clara." Morgan said. Clara was surprised at that, but didn't argue with her mistress. A good servant never argued. Clara gave a small bow and snapped her fingers disappearing from sight, "I don't think I'll ever get used to that." Merlin chuckled at that. "So I presume Mr. Riddle is here with you?" Merlin asked. It was like a switch was flipped and Morgans blue eyes darkened and her expression became serious. Merlin was able to hold his ground against such a flip in personality, he was used to it due to Morgan Le Fay, and his own blue eyes met her own, "I hold no I'll will towards him." "No I suppose you don't, but where is your other portrait?" Morgan asked. Ravenclaw, Merlin mused, that girl was definitely a Ravenclaw. If he was wrong, which was unlikely, he would eat his own hat. "In the headmasters office at Hogwarts, sadly the headmasters never talk to me anymore." Merlin said with a very small pout. Morgan rolled her eyes slightly as Tom entered the room. He barely spared the portrait a glance as he sat down at the end of the table, far away from Morgan. "This won't be shared with Dumbledore, correct?" Morgan asked, she intertwined her fingers and rested her lips against them as she stared Merlin down. Merlin had to admit that she was better than Le Fay at staring someone down to do their bidding. "Correct, but may I ask why he is here?" Merlin asked. "Death, Death sent us here to fix something and protect his master." Morgan told him, the truth would be better. Morgan smiled when Clara returned with the sandwiches and tea. Tom raised a brow at the choice in food and Morgan simply sipped on her tea. Earl Gray, not one of her favorites but it'll have to do for the time being. They had no way of opening a vault at Gringotts or getting into one. "This house is called the Lake Side Cottage, Dumbledore won't know who lives here." Tom drawled. Morgan spared him a slight glance as she bit into a sandwich. Merlin sat down in his portrait and watched the two. It was an interesting dynamic, it was similar to Arthur and himself. Tom, though not as chivalrous and light, was similar to Arthur. Morgan on the other hand was a lot like him, Magic fascinated her and she had a great thirst for knowledge. "Besides, Minerva writes and sends out the letters." Morgan said before sighing quietly, "What do we do about money, Tom?" Tom paused in his actions to drink some tea, he hadn't actually thought about it. He didn't know, that infuriated him. "I don't know." Tom hissed. The truth burned his silver tongue more than he cared to admit. Merlin thought about it for a few seconds, if Tom was placed in a body that was simply a younger version of himself, perhaps he could claim that he was an heir of Slytherin. Merlin told him as such. "That would work, if your theory is correct. I suppose the only thing we can do is go to Gringotts and try." Morgan stated. Tom hated himself for agreeing. "Tomorrow." Tom stated as Merlin smiled contently. "Is there a portable version of you?" Morgan asked Merlin. Merlin thought about it for a few minutes. "Your best chance is to try and get my chocolate frog card. I can usually move through those as well. A speech charm would allow me to communicate through the card." Merlin said. Tom hadn't known that. "Nifty." Morgan piped up. She finished her third sandwich before polishing of her tea and standing up, "I believe I will retire for the night. Good night, Merlin. Good night Tom." With that she left the room and went up to hers and changed into her borrowed night gown for the night. Clara had shrunken down one of her old mistresses night gowns. The woman turned ten year old child went to sleep exhausted. Merlin looked back towards Tom who was frowning. "Something on your mind?" Merlin kindly asked. "Feelings are ridiculously underrated." Tom growled. His frown deepened as he tried to figure out the strange, he shuddered to even think about them, feelings that had been piping up at an annoying rate. "Name one and I might be able to help you figure it out." Merlin said as he leaned forward in interest. Ton spared Merlin a glare. "I felt a strange unpleasantness when Morgan is around." Tom admitted with a grimace. Merlin smiled, seventy years old in spirit but ten in body, he knew that Tom hadn't had these feelings the first time he lived so he would have no clue how to tell them apart. "A part of you respects her, you are unused to feeling positive emotions so they feel unpleasant." Merlin said, honestly he thought the two had a rather strange chemistry. Tom gave a derisive snort before getting up and heading to bed himself. He was not looking forward to seeing the goblins.