to get up, she reluctantly raised her eyes to his face. He was looking at her as though she had lost her mind. His expression was a mixture of pity and incredulity. "If you think I can pretend to your parents that I haven't seen you, haven't spoken to you, then you're mad. Have you any idea what your disappearance has done to them?" Ginny stared at Harry for a second, then she lowered her head and pretended to be looking for something in her large bag. But not before Harry had seen the tears still shining in her eyes. He decided a little more guilt heaped on her shoulders might increase her obvious feelings of remorse. "I doubt you'd recognise your mum and dad, they've aged so much. You remember what your Mum went through when Percy defected…well you can multiply that by a hundred." "Stop it," whispered Ginny. "You were the light of their lives, their much longed for, much loved daughter. They think you're dead." "Shut up!" Ginny dashed the spilled tears from her cheeks with a furiously shaking hand, at the same time as she scooted her chair back noisily and stood up. When she would have swung her bag over her shoulder, Harry grabbed her wrist. His fingers and thumb easily overlapped and the tiny bones felt as though they would break if he exerted the least amount of pressure. "Let me take you home, Ginny." "Leave me alone, Harry. This is none of your business. I am none of your business." She tried to pull her hand free and when that didn't work, she tried to prise his fingers apart with her free hand. She most definitely did not need Harry Potter manhandling her. "Yeah, it is my business. You are my business," Harry contradicted, and then he yelped, releasing Ginny's wrist smartly, shaking his hand and then raising it to his mouth. Ginny had dug her fingernails into the back of his hand after failing to prise his fingers open. And she had drawn blood "That bloody hurt!" said Harry through clenched teeth, but he was talking to fresh air. Ginny had taken advantage of her hard won freedom and was hurrying towards the door. Harry saw red. He made sure his back was to the two women as he thrust his hand into his pocket and touched his wand. He did not withdraw it from the deep coat pocket but after grasping it for a moment, he withdrew his hand and raised it, fingers splayed, towards the door and muttered, Colloportus. He heard the squelching noise that told him the door had sealed itself just as Ginny grabbed the handle and pulled. She looked like she had dislocated her shoulder as her hand flew off the large metal handle due to the force she had used to open it. But without pausing, she grabbed the handle again and tugged even harder. When the door still failed to open, she rattled it in its frame, getting angrier and angrier with every passing second. Harry saw the oblivious lovers register an intrusion into their blissful aloneness and reluctantly look towards the door and the crazed woman trying to open it. He knew the two women with all the shopping had also tuned into the show, and a guy had entered through a swinging door at the back of the café and was standing behind the counter, frowning as he watched Ginny's antics. Finally Ginny gave up; she kicked the base of the door viciously before swinging around and glaring at Harry. "You open this door Harry Potter," she ground out through white lips. " You open it now ." Harry moved towards Ginny as the proprietor called out, "Are you all right, Ginny?" as he walked out from behind the counter. Ginny turner towards him as if he was a lifeline. "He's locked the door, Simon, and I can't open it." Simon frowned again and looked at Harry suspiciously. Harry raised his hands in an 'I don't know what she's talking about', gesture as the beefy man strode to the door. When he grabbed the handle, the door opened easily. The lines already etched on Simon's large forehead deepened as he looked at Ginny, who in turn was looking furious and embarrassed. Ginny took a deep breath. "I'm sorry. It must have stuck or something," she said in a mortified voice. "Are you sure you're all right, kiddo? You look really pale." Ginny glanced at Harry who was standing with his arms crossed. She wondered where his wand was. She hadn't seen it once and yet he had cast at least four spells in the last fifteen minutes. She wrenched her eyes away from his smug face. She'd give him smug! "This man is harassing me, Simon. He just came and sat at my table and started to make lewd suggestions. Can you call the police for me?" Harry raised his eyes to the ceiling and shook his head as if to say, 'Ginny, Ginny, Ginny!' The next thing Ginny knew, Harry's wand was in his hand and he had pointed it in quick succession at the five Muggles. She watched with her mouth open as Simon moved back behind his counter and began to fiddle with his coffee machine, the two lovers grasped hands and stared into each other's eyes again, and the two ladies continued on with their conversation as if they had never stopped. She turned her furious face back to Harry as he pocketed his wand. "You Obliviated them?!" "I wouldn't have needed to if you hadn't brought Simon into this. You have no one to blame but yourself." Ginny mouthed silently for several seconds, then she let out a noise of unadulterated rage and pure frustration before turning back to the door and wrenching it open. As she hurried off down the street, Harry was right on her heels, his long black overcoat flapping around his legs. TBC… 13