they saw the boy again. Lucius was happy to give some tips to the witch at Madam Malkins, demanding clothes fit for purebloods. He also demanded from Snape to teach Harry the ways of a pureblood and a Lord, since Harry is Lord Potter after his fathers death's. Hermione had looked at Harry with wide eyes, asking if she could participate too, and Snape said yes. Three day's before the school starts, Lucius got Snape to talk to Dumbledore and to allow Draco to spend the last three days at Hogwarts. Reluctantly Dumbledore allowed it, his head full of worries. After the philosopher's stone was stolen, he got an ear full of insults from his friend, Nicolas, who demanded that Dumbledore will correct his faults, even if he died in the process. The second year started with a boom. The whole female population fell into a spell, a spell from a Love Potion, Harry thought. Their thoughts concerning the fraud Lockhart made Harry to want to throw up. Having read all thoughts from him when he visited Diagon Alley, Harry wanted to kill the stupid man. Seeing the man's arrogance, made Harry plan to throw off the stupid teacher. The very first lesson with the fraud was a disaster. He fled the classroom after setting the Pixies free, but Harry was prepared for it since Hermione told him about her first class with him. Afterwards he questioned them in what was his favourite colour, cake and more. When the teacher let them answer the questions as a test, Harry took it and run out of the class to his head of house, demanding to learn on his own and not with the fraud. Flitwick had allowed it and looked at his other students, especially the fifth and seven years, since it were their NEWT's and OWL's this year, also allowing them to learn on their own. Flitwick often helped them, he was once a duel champion, so knowledge about defense was expected. Then, one day, a student was attacked. Petrified even. A statue. And there was writing, writing in blood about a chamber of secrets. It was also the day when his parents died and when a troll was in the school. The second attack happened only one month later, a student was again petrified, but this time there was a ghost, also petrified and no water to find like the first time. Harry and Hermione, both not wanting to be petrified, started to do some research, finding out that the monster in the school was a Basilisk. Both also found out that Harry could speak to snakes, both being happy to have found it out before the whole school, when a snake was summoned by Draco in the dueling club, created from no one other than the fraud, Lockhart. Harry just banished her without talking to her, since it was seen as a trait for a Dark Lord. Even Hermione didn't tell anyone, afraid that the school would start to think that Harry was the heir of Slytherin. The third person pretified was no one other than Hermione, making Harry angry. She was his first and only friend, the only person that he will tolerate at his side, and now some stupid Basilisk has taken her from him. Going upstairs to the headmasters office, he demanded that he called all his teachers. " Why? ", had Dumbledore asked. " It's about the chamber of secrets. " Dumbledore had called all his teachers into his office, telling them that Harry had news about the chamber. Harry started to tell them about what he and Hermione had found, even explaining why they both carried a mirror with them. Flitwick and McGonagall were both proud, two second years had solved a mystery that was over thousand years old, even telling them how the big snake moved through the pipes of Hogwarts. Harry had even made a suggestion, why not send Lockhart through the pipes to the snake and they will follow him, since Lockhart had after all, fought against banshees. When Harry left the office, they called the ministry, telling them about what the students have found out and asked them to prepare a team. Auror's and teacher's had went through the pipes, searching for the big snake and killing it, making Snape cackle about all the potions he could now make. They happily gave the snake to the Potioneer. The attacks stopped afterwards. It was a normal day for Harry. Waking up, preparing himself and going to breakfast. Eating, going to class, visiting Hermione in the hospital and having lunch. Lockhart was discovered as a fraud and fired, making Snape teach them all defence and potions. Flitwick and McGonagall helped out. It was at dinner that something strange happened in the school. Harry James Potter had bitten into an apple and had suddenly... collapsed. The apple still in his hand. Madam Pomfrey had looked for injuries, finding out that Harry was poisoned. Snape looked at the apple and made some test, confirming her suspicions. Harry James Potter was poisoned with the draught of living death, and only the person that made the potion could wake him up. They had already tested out the counter potions, seeing that Harry still didn't wake up had made Snape looking into the matters a little bit more. The potions was enhanced with the blood of the Creator. When they don't find him, than Harry will sleep for a long time, maybe even years! And that wasn't good, they needed him! If Voldemort came back, than loud prophecy Harry was the only one who could win against him. A sudden pain from his mark made Snape lose his consciousness, falling into the darkness. Voldemort was gleeful. Today he had given Ginevra Weasley the sleeping draught of living death, or better to say, given it to his soul to give it to Harry. Today was also the day where he will safe his most faithfully from Azkaban.