was defiantly one of the most popular shops as it was the place where every witch or wizard went to buy their wands, but it may not have been as popular as Quality Quidditch , the shop that sold all kinds of Quidditch supplies. When they reached Diagon Alley, Sirius and Zentheya headed towards the South Side of Diagon Alley to visit their favourite sop, Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke Shop . It was run by a man with a white beard and moustache and sold a wide variety of joke items and other items that had the sole purpose of entertainment. Zentheya and Sirius visited this shop every year to purchase their usual pranking items. "Come off it Sirius! You did not win!" Zentheya laughed as they walked to Sugarplum's Sweet Shop . "You know that I bought more than you did and I beat you in our last contest!" "You so didn't!" Sirius laughed in denial, nudging his sister playfully. "I so did!" This particular conversation carried on until they reached Sugarplum's Sweet Shop were they spent 1000 Sickles together purchasing their favourite sweets. Just in case their father decided to send Zentheya to Hogwarts, they decided to purchase some items that she would need for the new year. By the time they had finished it was coming near night time and they were just coming out of Madame Malkin's Robe Shop when Orion suddenly apparated in front of them. Zentheya gasped in surprise while Sirius swore when he seen how angry their father was. "Where the hell have you two been?" He hissed at them with false care as the streets were busy and people were looking at them. "Getting some fresh air and school stuff…" Sirius told him grumbling and not looking at him. "Get home now! I thought I told you to stay in your room Zentheya," Orion snarled at her, ignoring Sirius. "I needed to get some fresh air! It isn't like you ca – " Zentheya began but stopped as Orion discreetly grabbed her damaged wrist in anger, glaring at her threateningly. She whimpered in pain as a faint cracking sound echoed. " Get home now !" Orion released Zentheya and apparated back to the house, knowing that his children wouldn't disobey him. "Ze, are you alright?" Sirius asked her as he took up her wrist to examine it. Brilliant . It was bruised and starting to swell. He sighed knowing that he would have to bandage that for her later. "I'm fine…let's just get home before he gets even more annoyed!" She suggested. Sirius nodded. He knew how much she hated being around their father, he felt the same way. There were times that he envied Regulus as he was treated like a king in comparison to them. Orion waited patiently for the two disappointing attempts at Pureblood children. Zentheya had really pushed him to his limits this time. He had no other choice but to send her to Hogwarts! She better hope that she gets into Slytherin or she would be in for a world of pain when she came back for the Christmas Holidays. Orion was suddenly pulled from his thoughts by the sound of the front door opening and closing. "Get in here you two!" He ordered them. Sirius grumbled something inaudible while his sister sighed heavily as they stood before him. "I have had it with you Zentheya! You have tried my patience for the last time!" He snapped at her, beginning another one of his lectures. "You're lucky there was an opening at Hogwarts. You better not mess this up or you'll be receiving a very unpleasant visit from me. Do I make myself clear?" Zentheya stayed quiet, not answering her father. He glared at her. "I said do I make myself clear ?" He snapped loudly. The sheer volume caused her to jump and flinch. He smirked. She was always a bit more obedient after her time with Bellatrix. "Y-Yes father…" She mumbled. "And you Boy!" Orion turned his attention to the glaring boy at the other end of the room. "You better make sure you don't lead your brother astray or so help me Sirius! You have already been a major disappointment to this family! Both you and your sister have, the only hope left for us is Regulus!" "Whatever!" Sirius mumbled under his breath. He had reached the point where he no longer cared what his father did to him. Orion chuckled lowly under his breath as he rose from his seat and stalked over to him. Sirius thought that just because school started tomorrow that he was safe, he was so very wrong. Orion was swift to put him in his place with a vicious punch to his stomach, making him fall to his knees. "Don't you dare speak to me like that again!" "Leave him alone!" Zentheya snarled as she went to help her brother who was holding his stomach on the ground, only to feel her father's hand snake up into her hair and grasp a handful of it, gripping tightly at the roots and yanked her back towards him. She cried out in pain. "And you! Do not disappoint me or you will be so very sorry!" He threatened her as he tightened her grip. "Do you understand?" Zentheya screwed her eyes shot as he hissed in her ear before whimpering in pain as he yanked her head back roughly when she didn't answer. "Ow!" She cried out making Sirius jump up. "Yes Father! I understand!" Sirius soon forgot his own pain as he heard his sister's. "Stop it! Just leave her alone!" He snarled protectively as Orion released his beloved sister from his grip and threw her forwards. Sirius wasted no time in steadying her as she stumbled. "Get out of my sight!" Orion dismissed them as he went back to his seat, going back to his work. "Make sure you cover your bruises, I don't want any questions!"