to hold this mission against you. Your contract negotiations will continue unimpeded, regardless of your chastity." "Thank you my lord, it is difficult to find respectable families these days." She said though if one really listened you could tell she was disappointed. "Indeed, you may leave now." Said the dark lord. As Bellatrix left she started feeling nauseous again. 'It's going to be a long year,' she thought. -X- "You summoned me, my lord?" Belltrix asked, as she kneeled before Voldemort. "Yes, it seems I have waited too long to kill Potter." He said. "I have just received word that he has sired a son with a mudblood. "The plan was to have your son inherit everything from James Potter upon his death. However a bastard son, even if acknowledged, will never inherit over a legitimate heir." "I see," she said. "Would you like me to take care of this, my lord?" "No, it is an inconvenience nothing more. The boy will die along with his father and mudblood mother." He said, walking toward his study. "Wait here." When the dark lord returned he was carrying a small black sack. As he emptied the contents of the bag into his right hand, a small golden cup fell out. "This, is why I summoned you." He said, holding the cup for her to see. "You are to hide this, to protect it as if it were your son. Hide it wherever you like, but you will tell no one of its existence." "Yes, my lord." She said, lowering her head once again. "Is there anything else I can do?" "No that will be all for now, take the cup and go." He spoke, returning to his study. Bellatrix stood and retrieved the cup from where the dark lord had laid it. She walked toward the door clutching the cup to her chest reverently. -X- Everyone was going mad. Rumors of the dark lord's downfall spread like fiendfire. The previous night James and Lily Potter had died, leaving young Harry to be known worldwide as the only known survivor of the killing curse. However not everyone was celebrating. There was a meeting at Malfoy Manor to devise search parties to find the dark lord, they couldn't believe he had died at the hands of an infant. The Lestranges were assigned to search London, but Bellatrix had other ideas. "Listen, the dark lord spoke of the Longbottoms almost as much as he did the Potters." She said. "Since the Potters are dead, why don't we pay the Longbottoms a visit and see what they know?" "Someone needs to search the London area." Said Rabastan. "You're right, of course." She said, pretending to ponder for a moment. "You two go to the Longbottom's place, I'll search London we'll meet back at the Manor when we're finished." Once her idiot husband and his brother left, instead of searching London, Bellatrix went back to her home. There she found her son Eridanus playing with his animated stuffed Grim. When she entered the room he looked up at her, she took a moment to survey his appearance. Thankfully he looked almost nothing like his father, except for his hair. It was black like hers but like his father's hair she could never get it to stay down. He actually looked a lot like her father. "Hey mommy!" he said, when she got close to him. He was only four years old but she could already see herself in his personality, and there was intelligence swimming in his grey eyes; well as much intelligence as a four year old could have. "Hey, sweetheart. We're going to go see grandpa, okay?" she said, while picking him up from the floor. "Okay, I can bring Siri right?" he asked, holding up his stuffed Grim. When Regulus died she went to see her aunt Walburga, as was customary. She had left Eri in the sitting room playing with some toys, he had only been two at the time, while she talked with her aunt. While they were talking Sirius showed up to get something that Regulus had left to him. He didn't know who the child in the sitting room was so he just treated them like any other child and played with him for a while. Before he left he made a small stuffed Grim and animated it for Eri. Now Bellatrix couldn't get Eri to let the thing go, he took it everywhere. "Okay you can bring it along, but we need to hurry, mommy has things to do." She said as she carried him out the door. Bellatrix apparated right into her father's sitting room and set Eri down. She talked to her father for a while but eventually left, him having agreed to watch Eri. Unfortunately she was intercepted by Aurors on her way to see Professor Dumbledore. They wouldn't even let her send an owl to him. Bellatrix received her trial alongside her husband and was questioned under Veritaserum, after that even Dumbledore wouldn't have been able to help her. She was sent to Azkaban immediately after and wouldn't get to see her son for quite some time. END I recently started getting back into Fanfiction and decided to upload some of the stories I had written over the last few years. None of them are completed and only some of them have more than one chapter, but I figured I should let others read them, and hopefully enjoy them as much I have. For this one I had been thinking of the idea of Harry having a pureblood half-brother who didn't even know they were even related. This chapter is just the prologue setting up how Eridanus came to be and why Bellatrix would have a child with James Potter. I have another chapter written for this but it isn't anywhere near ready to publish and I do not know when I will do so. Thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoyed it.