me your socks!" Dumbledore lifted his robes just high enough for everyone in the room to see his socks. They were blue and had little green animated dinosaurs on them. "That's not possible," Harry whispered. "I've never thought of blue socks with animated dinosaurs." "That would mean this is real then wouldn't it?" Dumbledore asked. "But you've been dead for more than a year," Harry said. "You were found dead, June 30th 1997." Harry noticed everyone was looking around at each other. As if he had said something shocking. "1997, you say?" Dumbledore asked. "Well I think we've found our problem Mr. Potter. You see, it is currently August 1st 1996." "1996," Harry whispered. "How is that possible?" "The topic of time-travel is not exactly common conversation," said Dumbledore. "However, I'm sure you've heard of time-turners. Time-travel is a very real branch of magic, though it is very difficult to move more than a few hours at a time." With the unexpected turn in the conversation, Harry made his way to the couch and sat beside Tom. He buried his face in his hands, and took a deep breath. While he was exhaling, a thought struck him. He looked up at Daphne from his spot on the couch. "You don't know me." He said. "And here I thought we'd already established that," she replied. "No, I mean yes, but what I meant was that you knew me in 1996." He said, frantically. "We met on the train in first year, you convinced me to join Slytherin, you've been my best friend since we were eleven. How can you not know me?" "When you appeared in my room, that was the first time I ever spoke to you." Daphne said. Harry looked to Dumbledore, who had a curious look on his face. "How?" he asked. "How do they not know me?" "I have never heard of it happening before, but its possible you managed to jump to a different dimension instead of time-travel." Dumbledore said. "Tell me what were you doing before you appeared in Miss Greengrass' room? Harry took a second to think of how he wanted to respond. He didn't know Dumbledore that well, and he wasn't sure if he wanted tell him too much. "You were the first to disappear." Harry said, looking at Dumbledore. "A few months later, you were found in the ministry atrium, dead. That's how things got started, Voldemort was somehow able to get himself a new body. It wasn't long after you were found that he showed himself for the first time." "He didn't show himself until after I was already dead?" Dumbledore asked. "You had been telling me that he wasn't dead," he said. "It was one of the few things you were able to tell me before you disappeared. You said that his body was destroyed, but he somehow survived. We assumed that he used you to get his new body, we never figured out how." "I see," Dumbledore said. "When you say 'we' who do you mean?" "Myself, Daphne and Tracey," he said. "We've been close since first year." "At least we have some time to prepare for his return," Harry said. "Ah, unfortunately in this 'dimension' he has already returned." Dumbledore said. "What?" Harry asked. "Last year during the Tri-Wizard Tournament he managed to capture our Harry, and used him to create a new body for himself." Dumbledore said. "But, earlier you said that you visited, him at home and that he was asleep." Harry said confused. "Yes, he managed to escape," said Dumbledore. "I see that you're not surprised to hear about the tournament. May I assume that the tournament happened in your own time?" "Yes, it did. I don't understand how your Harry managed to get captured," he said. "It happened during the third task," Dumbledore said. "A member of my staff was impersonated, and they bewitched the Tri-Wizard Cup to transport whoever touched it to Voldemort." "That doesn't explain how Harry got transported," he said. "Harry was one of the contestants." Dumbledore said. "Sounds like your Harry has all the fun," Harry said, with a chuckle. "The highlight of my fourth year was Daphne dragging me to the Yule ball." "Well weren't you lucky," Daphne said, with a sneer. "Yes I was," Harry said smirking at her. He hated seeing that look on her face. *cough* Harry looked over to see Tom giving him a look. "Are you sure you don't remember me?" Harry asked Tom. "Quite," he replied. "Déjà vu," he said. "If we could get back to the topic at hand please?" Dumbledore suggested, with a smile. "I appreciate the little bit of your history that you have shared with us, but I am more curious about what you were doing right before you arrived here." "Right," Harry said. "I was fighting Voldemort, and losing." "I see," Dumbledore said. "Can you remember anything specific that happened just before you arrived?" "Priori Incantatem, it happens every time we fight," he said. "Except this time Tom came prepared. He drew a second wand, and cast the killing curse. I tried to apparate away and the next thing I know I'm looking up at Daphne from the floor." "I see," Dumbleore said. "The same thing happened in our Harry's fight with him last year. It's the core that your wands share, it allows them to connect." "Speaking of wands, any chance I could get mine back please?" Harry asked. Harry looked to Tom and then to Celia, they both appeared uncomfortable. Finally, someone spoke up. "I'm sorry, but your wand burnt up when you burst into Daphne's room," Tom said. "Burnt up?" he asked. "Yes, from the inside from the looks of it." Tom said. "So, I have no house, no money, no family, no friends. I don't even have my wand. This is a great mess I've wondered into this time," he murmured. "You weren't kidding when you said I had a talent for trouble Tom."