him, landing on the table in front of him. It stuck it's leg out toward him as soon as he looked up at it. Clutched in its talons was a letter that looked to be from some time period in the last century. It was a heavily yellowed envelope with a thick wax seal an elegant H pressed into it. "Is this for me?" He asked tentatively, feeling slightly odd for asking the creature a question. It hooted and hopped forward, nudging the letter at him slightly, leaving him slightly shocked that the owl seemed to respond to his question. Deciding that it was definitely for him, he tentatively reached out and took the letter from the bird. He eyed it as he pulled the seal up. It didn't make any sudden movements or attempt to fly away. It was just sitting, staring at him expectantly. Finally, as the owl seemed to be fine waiting, he looked down at the paper in his hands. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorcerer., Chief. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confederation. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on the first of September. We await your owl by no later than the thirty-first of July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY UNIFORM First-year students will require: 1. Three sets of plain work robes (black) 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) 4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags. COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade One) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal vials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales Students may also bring, if they desire, an owl or a cat, or a toad. PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICK Yours sincerely, Lucinda Thomsonicle-Pocus Harry could barely suppress the grin that was growing on his face as he re-read the letter again. He'd had jokes played on him before by the older students. It was never malicious but none of them had been very funny. This though. He pulled out his pen and ripped a clean sheet of paper out of one of his notebooks. Dear Deputy Headmistress, I would be delighted to attend Hogwarts. Though the news of such a school is quite a bit of a shock to me and I haven't the first clue as to where I would purchase the required course books or equipment. If it would not be inconvenient I request that a counselor writes me to give me the information that is not listed in your acceptance letter. The location of the school, where to buy supplies, etc. Sincerely, Harry Potter He folded the paper and looked to the bird. The prankster couldn't be far off campus so he simply handed the paper to the bird. As soon as it grabbed the paper it took off into the sky, flying almost too high for him to see before shooting off away from the campus. With his grin unfading he shrugged as he thought about the idea. Magic was just science that wasn't understood yet. Really, if he was able to complete his projects like he wanted them he'd be able to do what would appear to be magic. Shaking his head, he pushed his glasses up his nose and looked back to the book. Minerva McGonagall was a well-lived woman. She'd lived through two wars, one of which she'd fought in, and she'd gone from a government official to teaching at the premier magical school in Europe. She'd had many experiences in her long life, but as she walked away from the Dursley household she could claim that she was quite confused. She'd gone in response to a return letter from one Harry Potter. The letter that everyone had been waiting for with baited breath. He hadn't responded to his original letter, in fact, it had been returned unopened. Minerva had seen fear creep into Albus's old eyes at what could be construed as a rejection to his acceptance into the school. He'd told her to continue sending the letters to him as he feared the Dursleys were not even giving the boy an opportunity to choose. She had, out of a sense of duty to the boy, finally altered the location and instead of sending it to his listed address requested the owl deliver it the to Harry himself. They finally got a response and the collective sigh of relief was audible from a majority of the teachers who were looking forward to teaching The-Boy-Who-Lived. Vernon Dursley was a large man, who she found to be vulgar and offensive but he'd made his message clear. The 'freak' was at the University in downtown Surrey. She had many other questions and, as they were Harry's guardians she had planned on explaining that he would be gone for ten months of the year at Hogwarts. The man hadn't wanted to hear the beginning of it. He'd simply signed the letter and told him to take the boy muttering how he'd prefer that he not return. She sighed as she began her walk, silently casting point me to find her way to the university. Peace Out!