to do something really stupid for detention, and then we'll be in the clear from expulsion!" "That is the dumbest idea," said Hermione. Harry rolled his eyes and moved to sit down heavily next to her in a seat, put instead found himself leaping back up with a strangled cry. "Ow!" he snapped, making Hermione jump, before looking down at the offender, to find a golden necklace with an oddly familiar charm at the end of it. He picked it up hesitantly, holding it in the air to examine. Hermione's eyes widened as she realised what it was that was being held up before her. "Is this…?" Harry began. "A time-turner!" Hermione finished breathlessly. "Where in Merlin's name did you get that? We were told that they were all destroyed in the ministry!" "And the ministry has never lied to us before," Harry said, his tone bordering on wry. Hermione flushed slightly, then reached out to take the time-turner from him, scrutinising the golden hoops closely. "But where did you find it?" she repeated, drawing a scoff from the other. " Find it," he said. "More like impaled myself on it. Right here, on the seat." He gestured to the offending chair. "It's just… weird that it turned up for us," Hermione said slowly. "It's the Room of Requirement," Harry volunteered as an explanation, and his companion suddenly started. "Of course!" she said. "The room knew that not only did we need a hiding place, but also a way to get out of this mess." "You suggest," Harry asserted, "using the time-turner to go back in time?" "Yes," Hermione said, standing and walking a circle around Harry, all the while examining the necklace in her hand. "We could intercept Malfoy from beneath the invisibility cloak and put him out of order so that he'll never find us. I think an hour should do the trick." "And I think that this idea is bloody brilliant!" Harry took the chain and put it around his neck, Hermione doing the same. "But wait. Aren't you always going on about not meddling with time?" "We can't be expelled just yet, Harry," Hermione snapped. "We have to find and destroy the horcruxes which are in this castle if you're going to try to defeat You-Know-Who, or you won't have a chance. Eliminating a dark wizard is the priority here, I think. And if we're careful, none of this ever would have happened." "Hear, hear," Harry agreed. "Let's go then, before Filch or Snape come and try to break down the door." Hermione turned the loops of the charm a single time, and immediately the world rushed into a blur around them, and through the window they watched the moon sinking beyond the horizon, before the sun rose and fell and the moon emerged again, all happening within a heartbeat, but it didn't stop there. Harry watched with no small amount of alarm as time continued to rush past them, accelerating faster and faster and it wasn't stopping … He tried to open his mouth to say something, anything, but he found himself unable to as everything continued to whirl around them, and soon it was moving so fast that he wasn't even able to distinguish the sun from the moon anymore, and all he could see was bright lights from each direction. And then it stopped. Harry abruptly through the chain off of his neck, lurching away to lean against a table, nausea clouding his vision. Hermione was in no better shape, sinking down to the floor with a feverish glow to her skin. Both gasped for breath, before finally Harry broke the silence. "What was that ?" he asked. "I don't know." Hermione clambered back to her feet, her hands shaking. The moon was hanging low in the sky, the night young once again. "It looks like we went back more than one hour." "It seemed to me that we went back a couple of years ," Harry said, with no shortage of trepidation in his tone. Hermione smiled at him, a smile which was crooked with barely concealed worry. "We can't have gone back years," she said. "That's impossible. Five hours is the maximum on these." Harry didn't argue, because he sincerely hoped that she was correct, and the view of the sun and moon's journey had all been an illusion. He reached for his cloak and map on the table, but to his great alarm, found that they were no longer there. We went back a few hours , he told himself. They'll be back in your dorm, obviously. The two exited the Room of Requirement cautiously, in hopes that Malfoy wasn't lurking around the corner, but found absolutely no one. As they moved down the corridors silently, passing by the moving stairways, Hermione paused. "Do you hear that?" she asked in a hushed whisper, and Harry paused also, straining his ears. Sure enough, floors down below them, they could hear the movement of the student body, coming through the entrance hall. "It sounds like they're going into the Great Hall," Hermione said. "Maybe it's dinnertime?" "My intuition told me that I would find somebody here," and elderly voice murmured from behind them, and Harry knew that if he had been a cat, his hackles would have been standing on end right at that moment as he and Hermione slowly wheeled around to view the speaker. Harry went pale as he took in the auburn hair and beard streaked with grey, the slightly lined face and those tell-tale, bright blue eyes which he had never thought that he would see again. Hermione grabbed Harry's arm, squeezing it as she drew nearer to him in light of the turn of events. Harry exclaimed, " Dumbledore ?" Sorry for the typos, I haven't really proof read it. Please leave and review and tell me if you think that I should pursue this story, as I don't know if it's any good yet. Cheers! XblackcatwidowX