grabbed her by the waist so that he could pull her up against him, her chest pressing into his. She struggled against him, putting her hands between them to try and push him off. "There is no sense in wiggling around like that. You won't be going anywhere," he leaned in until his lips caressed her ear, "And feeling you move around like that is only going to turn me on more." Ginny immediately stopped moving. "There, that's much better. Now, we will be heading back to the Manor and you're going to come along like a good little girl. Donavan, kill all of them." "Wait! No! Stop!" Ginny screamed at him and resumed her furious struggling as she looked up, her brown eyes burning her rage into his silver ones. "You said you wouldn't hurt them if I came out! You said you wouldn't hurt them!" "You silly girl, I'm not going to hurt them. I assure you, Avada Kedavra is quiet painless," Draco replied. "Please don't kill them," Ginny pleaded with him. "I'm begging you, please don't kill them!" "And what would I gain from letting them live?" he asked. "They're nothing but thorns in the Dark Lord's side. They will never come around, even after He destroys the Order and it's a waste of resources to keep them alive in the dungeons." His predatory gaze told her that she was exactly where he wanted her. "I…" Ginny paused, trying to force the word out. "I'll do whatever you want." Her head dropped in defeat. "Swear that no one will not hurt them, no one will kill them, and I will do whatever you want." "Very well, as long as you do whatever I say, and do remember that you are promising to do whatever I say, then no harm will come to them. They will remain locked in the dungeons at Malfoy Manor where they will be feed and watered daily." Draco pushed her chin up with his hand, almost gently, and looked her in the eye. "But if you disobey me, I will make you watch as I torture one, or even all of them. Do you understand?" Ginny's eyes moved to her family, who were struggling and screaming silently. She knew they were screaming at her to fight him, to run away. She could go with Malfoy and her family would live. That was the only option. She looked back at Malfoy and nodded. "I understand." "Good girl." Malfoy's hand released his hold on her chin and softly stroked her cheek. "Just do as I say and everything will be alright. Let's start with a kiss." He leaned down and pressed his lips to hers. Ginny tried to pull away in shock, but his grip on her body tightened painfully and was too strong. The look in his icy grey eyes was so terrifying that she began to shake. "Do not do that again. When I kiss you, you will kiss me back like you want it. I'm not going to hurt you." The hand that had been on her cheek grabbed her hand and he placed it on the back of his neck and then he wrapped both arms around her back, so that they were embraced as lovers would. He leaned down and kissed her again, his tongue touching her lips for entrance. Ginny, unsure of what to do, opened her mouth slightly, and his tongue entered her mouth. His lips were warm and smooth and firm against hers. If it weren't for the tight hold he had on her body, the kiss could have been called gentle and it almost felt good. He pulled back when she didn't respond to him. "I told you to kiss me like you wanted it. It didn't feel like you wanted it. Do I have to Crucio Bill again?" "No Malfoy! Please don't hurt him!" Ginny pleaded with him. "I'm sorry, I'll do better next time. I just… I don't know… I mean, I've never…" She looked up at Malfoy and he was smiling. It was a cold smile, the dark delight of his thoughts seeping through his beautiful eyes. "Are you telling me that you've never been kissed? When you were dating Potter, he never kissed you?" "No, we kissed! We just didn't kiss the same way that you're trying to kiss me..." Malfoy's hand slipped back up to cup her cheek. "You have no idea how much your innocence pleases me." He could see the fear in her eyes at his acknowledgement of her innocence. But that fear wouldn't last long. Everyone fell to the charms of Draco Malfoy eventually. He could not believe his luck. He had hoped that she was still untouched, he would be the first and only to take her. She was completely innocent. Every kiss, every touch, everything that he made her feel would be for the first time. He would be her first in every sense of the word. It almost made him want to go buy one of those Muggle camcorders and record the first time he took her, when she would be begging him to take her, so that he could use it to torture Potter when they finally caught him. Draco pulled his gaze away from hers and turned to his men. "Bring the blood-traitors to the dungeons, they are our prisoners now. You heard what I told Ginevra, do not harm them. Oh, and release Percy, I believe it's time his family finally knows what side he's really on." He looked back at her with a smirk, the lustful gleam obvious in his eyes, "Now you and I will be going to the Manor. We have a lot of catching up to do." A/N: This chapter was recently redone since I'm resuming this story after a very long hiatus. If you've read it before, I recommend re-reading all of the chapters. Thank you for reading, please review, follow, and favorite if you've enjoyed it!