behind him as he walked away. Harry awoke, this time for real, and immediately contacted Sirius. He explained his dreams to Sirius, going into great detail to describe it. "I figured you would be a magical creature, but I never thought you could be three, on top of another!" Sirius said. "Do you know what exactly they are?" Asked Harry. "The first one sounds like just a normal bat. The second one is a wyvern, a rare subspecies of dragon. I've never heard of the third one, but it seems like some sort of demon. The last one, I've only ever heard of it once, is what I believe to be an Ancalagon, the dragon king. Only one was known to exist, and it's remains were found encased in a mountain. To be able to take its form would take an incredibly powerful wizard." "Unfortunately, it will take a large amount of training to master any of its forms. Off of the main room is a training room for you to use to master your forms. You can enchant it to match your needs." "Thanks Sirius, but can you give me any advice on how to change my form?" Harry asked. "It will take a while before you truly change, but you should be able to manage partial transformations after your first few tries. Try to focus on your form, then imagine your one of your body parts changing into those of your other form. I would recommend trying to master the bat first, as it is the simplest." "Ok Sirius, I'll talk to you again once I've managed a partial transformation." Harry said. "Bye, Harry." Sirius said. "Bye." Harry left the mirror and walked to the training room. It was a large room, with nothing in it. Harry sat down in the middle of it, and began focusing his mind. He saw his bat form, and focused on his human form growing bat wings in place of his arms. He felt a tingling sensation in his hands, and saw that his hands had darkened, his fingers had elongated, and a thin webbing of skin stretched between his fingers. He rushed out of the room, eager to contact Sirius. oO0OoO0Oo After a few more weeks of training Harry manage to make a full transformation into a bat. He found that flying felt as natural as walking, so he didn't have to teach himself how. He had begun practicing his wyvern form, and was able to sprout dragon wings from his shoulders. oO0OoO0Oo It was the last month of summer when the Weasley's invited him to come stay with them. Arthur had gotten them tickets to the Quidditch World Cup, and he was excited to see the Irish and the Bulgarians facing each other. Harry packed most of his bedroom into his new trunk, and carried it down to the living room to await the Weasley's. They had hooked up the Dursley's chimney to the floo network, but hadn't anticipated the fire place to be boarded up. As the were leaving, Fred and George dropped a bag of town tongue toffees in front of Dudley, and they had to fit his tongue back into his mouth. oO0OoO0Oo After the Quidditch match between Ireland and Bulgaria ended, Harry, Hermione, and the Weasley's returned to the tent. Shortly afterwards the death eaters attacked and chaos ensued. In their hurry to get away, Harry fell and was left behind. He quickly changed into a bat and flew into the air. No one noticed. Harry flew in place above the chaos, interested in what would happen. Everyone soon escaped, and the fires went out. Harry was about to fly away when he saw a man walking through the ash. He raised his wand. "Morsmordre!" He yelled. Harry looked up and saw a skull in the sky. It's mouth opened and a snake slithered out. Harry looked back to the man, but found that he was gone. Harry heard someone yelling his name. He quickly transformed and to lay on the ground. He heard someone walking towards him. The Weasley's and Hermione quickly woke him up, saying things like 'How they thought they would never see him again' and 'How worried they were'. With them were several ministry officials. They interrogated Harry about anything he might have seen, and one Bartemius Crouch even fired his own house elf for not following orders. oO0OoO0Oo Dinner was somewhat late on the first night back at Hogwarts, due to the first years having to sail through a storm to get to the castle. Professor Dumbledore gave his usual beginning of the year speech but also announced that the school would be taking part in the Triwizard Tournament. He also introduced the new Defense against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody. oO0OoO0Oo Harry laid down in his dormitory bed, happy to be back at Hogwarts. Slowly he fell asleep, dreaming about what was to come this year. *Authors Note* It's finally here! The long awaited redo of Awakening. I like to think that I was building hype for it, but really it was my lazy ass not wanting to do shit. I will also be putting a notice on the original Awakening. Sorry about the violent dream fights, but hey, I warned you. And yes, d the dragon fight scene was inspired by a scene from the most recent Godzilla film. It may be a little while before the next chapter comes out, because school starts next week. The Ancalagon form was inspired by J.R.R Tolkien's Ancalagon the Black. The fan chosen form was the demon form, which was adapted from the Deathclaw form that was suggested by Malbatorus, which I thought was the coolest suggestion. This is unrelated, but how would you guys feel about a Warriors cats fic. I already have the first two chapters finished, but I was waiting to post them. If you haven't already, check out my other story Change the World. -Xeron