that it was too complex to cast?" "It is right now, but once I've worked out the thaumatological variables and spell geometry, then it might be possible to cast quickly enough, but the power would be lacking for just about anyone who might try to cast it fast enough to be effective." "I'm not well versed enough in spellcraft to follow that." "Oh, certainly you are. Most of that was the Queen's English except for a few words and they're only descriptors for common terms. Basically it boils down to this: In regards to spell classifications, they can be quickly castable, powerful, or accurate. Pick any two. " The despair vanished. She was intrigued. "I think I see what you mean. There are tradeoffs." "Exactly. We can cancel gravity, but increasing is more difficult, especially to the tolerances required to make space-time curve." "So it isn't useful for combat." The dejected look again reappeared. "Don't be discouraged. This is the most exciting new idea for magical defense I've heard of within my lifetime if not for the last hundred years." She eyed Emma with a grin. "And I would imagine it would really annoy some people to know that it was thought of by someone with no magic of her own." Lily smiled conspiratorially and Emma found herself smiling, too. Emma found Lily's arm around her shoulder. "But what good is an idea if it can't be used?" "I didn't say it couldn't be used. One of these days, we'll have to have a good talk about ward arrays and fixed enchantments of inanimate objects." "I'm not sure about wards, but enchanting, would that be a long term spell applied to something like a locket or a ring?" "You're being scarily smart again." "Admit it, you like it when I'm scary." "I do. I really do." %%%%%%%%% "Hmm… the power variances along the spell geometry basically mean that the spell refraction will be spell specific." "So, it will only ever protect against one spell. I can tailor the power variance for particular spell, but to get it to switch the power variance, that kind of runic array doesn't exist yet. And even if it did, it would be huge. For each particular power variance added, it would cause the size of the array to increase by an order of magnitude." "Does it really matter? I mean, all three of them are normally unblockable, but only one kills outright. That's the one we should guard against." "The thaumatological half-life is also smaller than I would like." "I've got some knowledge about radiation half-life for working with x-ray machines. Is that something similar?" "In its simplest form, yes. Essentially, the enchanted object won't stay enchanted for as long as I'd like. In addition, the spell geometry will collapse after perhaps only one refraction. I think as I refine the array structure, I can improve the field decay rate and the efficiency." "So, we're talking about a one use item that's only useful for a short encounter?" "Yes, that's it exactly." "And before we started working on this, there was no protection from this killing curse spell at all?" "Well, you could levitate something into its path; a chair, a desk, another person." "So why not wear a wooden vest? " "The spell needs only to graze a person and it is still one hundred percent effective. Low density objects it will just pass through. Medium density object it will burn or destroy and high density object will slow but not stop it. The spell energy acts similar to a stream of high viscosity liquid dripping downward. Take honey for example: A stream of honey dripping down on a plate in a steady stream will be slowed by the plate due to the initial small quantity of honey. As the stream continues, the honey with overflow and continue pouring over the edge of the plate." "That sounds like a very nasty spell." "Absolutely terrible, and the Death Eaters are using it constantly." "Well, between the two of us, I think we've finally found a way to block an unblockable spell. I think that's worth some praise." "You are absolutely right. What's your recommendation for celebrating?" "I can think of a number of things, but it all depends on what we have available." "Speaking of that, James inherited a wine cellar from his favorite uncle. What do you say to having a browse and you can select something for us." "There's a wine cellar in this cottage?" "Not in the way you think." Lily levitated a stack of books off of an ornately decorated steamer trunk. Eyes discerning, Emma swallowed hard for moment. "Don't tell me you've shrunk a wine cellar to fit in that trunk." "All right. I won't." "Lily!" "Sorry." "Well?" "Well what?" "Your explanation." Lily with an impish look on her face bent over and lifted the lid. "Shrinking wouldn't be done because shrunken bottle labels are very hard to see. Additionally, tiny bottles are easier to drop." There were steps going down a torch lined stairway. Emma looked at the descending steps, opted to try and move the trunk a few inches and the inner space moved with the trunk. "It's bigger on the inside…" "That's correct. Unfortunately, this wine cellar can't travel through time and space except in the normal way." "A pity." "Agreed." %%%%%%%%%%%% -Now- The kitten finished snapping neck of the disgusting rodent that had found its way into her territory. There was a young one to consider in the house and she was not about to let ugly squeak squeaks into the nesting room. She paused to lick a paw and then straighten a whisker. A horrible prickling sensation came over her unexpectedly which was suddenly followed by a wave of intense fatigue. Despite her fur standing on end, she lay down and curled up to take a nap. All the while she wondered why there was a faint human scream of horror in her ear.