Malfoy's chocolate before, but this one's different, special in a way so precious that he can't put into words. The texture of the cake is exquisite — moist, melt-in-your-mouth sponge wrapped in a silky sheen of chocolate icing, the crunchy blueberry adding another dimension to the dessert with a sweet, yet sour taste. Harry washes the cake down with water. His eyes snag on a photo of the Malfoys displayed prominently at the workspace. It was taken when Malfoy was a young child. He's perched on his father's shoulders, grabbing handfuls of Lucius' hair, and Harry can imagine the laughter burbling from his mouth. His mother trots beside them, her waterfall of long hair swinging as she turns to share a smile with her husband. A pang hits Harry across the heart; he wishes he could have a photo like that with his own parents. Malfoy brings the second dessert to the forefront. The chocolate praline is shaped in a rectangle, all harsh and sharp right angles, with a single dot of white chocolate in the middle. Harry takes a bite and winces at once at the most bitter dark chocolate he's tasted, the flavour so strong that it feels like it's punched him in the throat. Yet, as Harry swallows the praline, he detects a delicate, gentle sweetness lingering as an aftertaste, chasing the bitterness away. "He hid his love for us well, but it was there. Always there," Malfoy murmurs. Something shifts and ripples in the air. Malfoy's looking at him expectantly, yet Harry's at a loss for words. He had no idea that Malfoy was going to share something so personal. "Thank you for showing me this. I..." Everything that Harry wants to say it tastes delicious, you're really good, I'm sorry for your loss- sounds inane to his ears. It's surreal, going from shouting to each other across the road to being in Malfoy's kitchen, getting a sneak preview of his desserts and listening to Malfoy talk about his family. "Tea?" Malfoy offers while clearing the counter. Harry nods and eventually, they sit in silence at a table, nursing two steaming mugs of Earl Grey. Unlike previous occasions, the palpable silence is far from awkward; instead, it sits easily between them. "How did you get into baking? I've always been curious about that," Malfoy asks. "I would've thought an Auror was more your style." "Yeah, I... well..." Harry trails off, wondering how much he should tell the other man. Hell, Malfoy's revealed so much about himself tonight, it's only fair that Harry should do the same. "I enrolled into Auror training, but I dropped out halfway. I didn't mind doing it, but it wasn't something that I wanted to do as a career. Get what I mean?" Harry says, wrinkling his nose. "Yes. Figured you had enough of hunting Dark wizards for the rest of your life," Malfoy replies, and there it is again, that small smile gracing his lips. "Yeah. So I was moping about for a bit at the Burrow — Ron's house," Harry fills in when Malfoy tilts his head in question — "wondering what to do with my life. It was just Mrs Weasley and me at home, everyone else was out working or studying. I went down to the kitchen and saw her baking, and it was brilliant!" Harry's warming up to his theme, and Malfoy leans forward and nods in encouragement. "I've grown up eating her food. All the wonderful scents, the heat from the ovens, and the taste of her pastries remind me so much of home, comfort, family and love. That was what I hung on to, and I just simply watched her work her magic. I didn't jump straight into baking then, but after that day, I was interested. "I took two months off to travel, and I always found myself visiting bakeries and sweet shops whenever I passed them by. I came home and asked Mrs Weasley to teach me what she knew about baking. The more I learnt, the more I fell in love with the entire process, from designing all the way to creating them. Found a place here, and with help from my friends, well..." Harry trails off, flinging an arm towards Sugarcoated. His grin falters. "It was mad when I first started. The queues ran all the way up the street. I wondered how many of them were here because they just wanted to take a look at the scar." "Don't think like that, Potter. You make wonderful desserts and don't let anyone tell you otherwise," Malfoy declares. Harry's pleasantly surprised at the vehemence in his tone. "So we got into baking because of our families," Malfoy states. "Yeah, that's one thing we have in common," Harry reaffirms, nodding. A question hangs in the air, teasing the both of them: what other things do we have in common? "It's time for dinner," Harry points out. "Yes it is," Malfoy agrees, shrugging his shoulders casually. Harry turns his mug on the table in slow circles, and once again, that same promising atmosphere simmers between them. He's pushed that feeling away once. Harry thinks of Malfoy eating dinner alone after Harry's held his hand and tasted the desserts that he's named after his parents. He imagines Malfoy living in Muggle France — incongruous images of Malfoy using a toaster, typing away on a laptop and sitting in the Metro — he can't help but crack a grin. He's never really known Malfoy. "If you don't have any plans, d'you wanna grab something together?" Harry blurts out before he has any time for self-doubt. When Malfoy smiles and accepts, Harry's heart shouldn't have skipped a beat. It shouldn't have then clattered madly in his chest in double-quick time. There's absolutely no reason for that to happen; they're just two old school-mates sharing a meal together. But it does. /tbc Candyman is a two-chaptered fic. The last chapter will be updated next Friday. Thanks for reading!