finished reading the last line before he crumpled the piece of paper up. Every single line of the letter had an order in it, Draco was just his puppet, a machine to be tampered with. His father was always controlling him. Draco wished his father was like a normal parent. Where on this letter did he say that he loved Draco? Nowhere. His father didn't give a shit. His anger was boiling up inside him and he wanted to let it all out, to throw things across the room to scream at his father and tell him no and that he didn't want to be beaten he hadn't done anything to deserve it. But he was too afraid to do so. He couldn't tell anyone about it anyway, he was known as the arrogant scary blonde Slytherin. Draco shuddered at this, he knew this was how people viewed him but it wasn't him, it was just an act he had to keep up. The Malfoy reputation was at risk. He didn't care much for this, though, but his father did. Draco was in pain, it wasn't physical but it was mental and he had to block the thoughts from his head, somehow they stung deeper than any cut or physical injury could. Draco reached for his book and his quill. He didn't bother writing words, he had to stop the voices now. He ripped his sleeve down and he made a long deep slash in the pages, not caring about keeping his voice down he was sure Granger had already gone to go meet Hagrid or something like she normally did most nights. The pain of it hit a second later and he stared down at his arm as a long line that went the whole length of his forearm started to appear. There was too much blood, Draco reached for one of Snape's healing potions and chugged it fast, he was glad that he had these. They kept the pain but stopped the blood. His right hand shook as he reached for his quill that he had dropped and he started to write in a rumble of words. I'm useless and worthless, I'm just your little puppet, aren't I? I won't let you dictate everything I do, I will choose my own future, no I won't let you... He was so focused on what he was doing, so focused on stopping the demons in his head that it took a shocked gasp from the doorway to bring him back to reality. He dropped the quill almost instantly and slammed the book shut pulling down his sleeve and bringing his arm to his chest, but the damage was done. Hermione Granger stood in the doorway fear and pity in her eyes her mouth covered by her clasped hands. Draco gave her a murderous glare "You saw nothing." he hissed "Nothing, understand?" Hermione wasn't a Gryffindor for nothing and she stood to her full height "N-no, I did see something. Malfoy, this is serious you could really hurt yourself." "Like you give a damn" Her eyes widened "Of course I do, you might kill yourself doing that..." Draco rolled his eyes in annoyance at her "And the only reason you care about that" he tried to control his anger while answering "is because it wouldn't look good for you." He began to mimic Professor McGonagall; "You didn't even realize that the boy you shared quarters with was doing this to themselves? Not a very good Head Girl are you, Miss Granger?" "That's not the reason I'm worried. You're hurting yourself which means something must be wrong." "Whatever Granger I don't care." he spat "The important thing is you saw nothing, nothing at all." She shook her head backing away through the door "You can't do anything if I tell the teachers. They will help you, it's for your own good." "I know what my own good is better than you. You will not tell anyone." he hissed "I will..." Draco played the ace up his sleeve remembering what Hermione had hidden her diary as, Potters Patronus. It was worth a shot. "If anyone finds out about this I'll tell the entire school about your little crush on Potter." he sneered "He's just my friend," Hermione said nervously. "Don't lie, Granger, I'm not the only one who writes things down in a book." Hermione stared at him her eyes wide "You mean to say that you read my Diary...?" she asked a little too shocked Draco threw her an arrogant smile "Sure did." Hermione was now angry "That's private how could you?!" Draco was still smiling "I'm a Slytherin, it was expected of me. So you keep my little secret and I'll keep yours. Deal?" Hermione didn't have a crush on Harry, they were just friends. But Hermione thought about how awkward it would be if Harry thought she was attracted to him. What if he tried to ask her out? She would decline of course because she doesn't have a crush on him but what would that mean for their friendship. Hermione didn't want to ruin it. Hermione looked downcast, frowning, trying to decide if it was worth it. "Deal." she said at last sadly "But Malfoy you have to try to stop this..." Draco shot her a glare standing up "I don't have to do anything ." he replied irritated "Now if you'll excuse me I have a night shift to go to. Goodbye." He didn't bother trying to hide the book he wrote in, he knew Hermione would find a way to read it anyway. No point. So he left his room shoving past the girl. He cursed himself under his breath for letting Hermione find out. Draco wondered if Hermione really cared but he shook the thought out of his head. No, she couldn't. No one cared about anyone in this selfish world. ~n*n~ ~n*n~ ~n*n~ END OF CHAPTER: Please review it inspires me to write faster :)