away gently, leaving nothing but a weird tingly sensation of pure bliss. The events happening in the hospital wing just a blur now, irrelevant and unimportant. She just laid there feeling immensely relaxed and content with everything. As she heard an echoing voice from somewhere deep inside her relaxed brain: " Get up". And it felt like the most appropriate thing to do. Minerva McGonagall always prided herself in doing the right thing, and she most certainly wasn't about to change her ways now. ~\o/~ The roof was now almost balanced on the four pillars that Dumbledore had conjured up from within the falling roof itself. Dumbledore himself was still hovering in midair hanging on to the tail of Fawks to avoid presenting his legs for target practicing to the girl under the bed. ' She is a smart one all right', Dumbledore thought, but enough of this nuisance, 'her time is u... Oh!...' Suddenly Dumbledore's mouth parted open in surprise, Fawks had disappeared with a swoosh leaving Dumbledore with nothing to hang on to in midair. Something is very wrong , thought Dumbelore, unable to resist the pull of gravity anymore without Fawks. Fawks wouldn't do something like this without a very good reason , and fittingly enough, he felt waves of some powerful dark magic being performed behind his back. But how could it be? The girl was still under the bed, her energy level was so low that she had to give away her exact location under the bed to perform a simple body binding curse and her legs were broken, she couldn't even feel them in her condition. No one else had breached Hogwarts defenses otherwise he would have been alerted immediately by the powerful protection wards around Hogwarts. No, it must be the girl, but how? Milliseconds before falling down on the hard floor of the hospital wing in an unceremonious heap, Albus Dumbledore realized he had made a huge mistake. He had somehow misread the situation. He had broken the very first rule of war: Never underestimate your enemy . ~\o/~ Performing a non-verbal Imperious curse on McGonagall and forcing her to perform an non-verbal killing curse on Dumbledore had taken its toll on Hermione and she was heavily panting now with exhaustion. But she also knew that it had to be done. Surprising Dumbledore was the only way she could win against him. Taking him head on was not an option. He was simply too powerful and it didn't help that she was almost completely magically and physically exhausted and couldn't even stand up on her feet at the moment. Dumbledore knew where she was and was alert of any attack from her. The only way to take a successful hit on him was to attack from an angle he didn't expect to be attacked from. Now her only hope was that McGonagall hadn't missed because it was getting harder and harder to keep the Imperius curse going and she knew it was about to break any second now. Tapping into her deepest magical reservoirs she didn't know she even had, Hermione instructed McGonagall to point her wand at herself and do a body binding curse. She didn't have enough power left to convince her to do a killing curse otherwise she would have finished McGonagall's story then and there. With this last ditch effort, she involuntarily closed her eyes and put her forehead on the cold surface of the hospital wing panting heavily. And to her immense relief, she heard the unmistakable loud thump of Dumbledore's body falling down on the floor and the racket of McGonagall's stiff form stumbling down like a tree trunk. If she was in any better condition she would have at least smiled at her success in outsmarting one of the greatest wizards of all time but she was in very bad shape. Her whole body jolted with a sudden fit of choughs and she could taste the blood in her mouth as a result. She didn't have it her to open her eyes otherwise she would have seen little drops of blood on the floor where her face was. She knew she had pushed herself too far but any fate was better than getting caught by Voldemort and becoming a liability to Harry. She wouldn't stand for it. If she couldn't be helpful for the cause then she didn't want to be a hindrance either. Harry knew what he had to do now. Before their last mission they had gotten together as they always did before a mission and had laid out a detailed plan and path for the surviving person to follow in case one of them died. They had the locations of all of Voldemorts horcruxs and both of them had been scouting them out for months to put together foolproof plans to get each of the horcruxes. Harry had wanted to storm the horcrux locations as soon as they found them out but she had convinced him to follow her approach for it. 'Harry is so rash', thought Hermione half frustratingly and half endearingly and a despite her condition, a small smile crept on her face. He is rash because she was there to keep him in check, if she's not there anymore, he'd come around to being more responsible. She was sure of it. He would follow all the plans they laid down together and he would follow every word of the SOP's she wrote down for them for attack and laying low. She knew it was time for her to follow the SOP's she herself wrote down now too for a situation like this. Eyes still closed, she brought her left hand from underneath her to grab the tip of her wand and with a rib cracking effort, snapped the wand in two, revealing its unicorn core. Her bit was done, and so a small smile appeared on her face. She had successfully outsmarted the fake Dumbledore i.e Voldermort himself.. ~\o/~