Which made it addicting, because whenever you did it you felt better, but it only lasted the instant and when the physical pain stopped things went to shit again. Maybe thats why is was addicting, because you had to keep doing it to feel better it couldn't just be a one-time thing and sometimes It was the only way you could escape from the other pain, not the physical, the physical was easy to handle, but the emotion and the mental. Draco was surprised that no one noticed he had stopped wearing short sleeves, he hadn't worn short sleeves since the second year and he was starting to wonder if people thought he had got the dark mark. Of course, he hadn't, not yet anyway. He didn't want to be a death eater, not really, that was his father's dream for him. Acklund snapped Draco out of his thoughts. "Alright, then we better get going," Otto said picking up Draco's trunk. "Whatever" Draco muttered ~Change of Scene~ Weasleys: Lunch was almost ready, the twins had cleaned Draco's new bedroom and everyone had their best robes on. Arthur sighed, looking at the living room. It was spotless and looked the cleanest It had ever been, but it still looked shabby and Draco would be arriving very soon. The sound of the doorbell filled the house and Arthur quickly rushed to the door, he reappeared a few minutes afterwards with Acklund and a VERY uncomfortable looking Draco. "Okay, we've got a few things to go over, so let's begin," he said cheerfully and everyone sat down. III There was, in fact, a lot to go over and the lunch Molly had prepared went cold. Mainly just signing things, Draco let out a sigh and he stared over at the pile of papers he had finished signing "Well, then I think that's it..." Acklund said as he stood and straightened his robes "You can choose to have a guidance counsellor appointed to you if you want they'll come once a week to give you some therapy." Draco shot him a glare and looked him up and down "No" Draco said in a voice struggling to remain neutral. Acklund nodded his head and looked over at Molly and Arthur "We've added an extra bonus to the money you'll be receiving for Draco's weekly pocket money." Acklund then looked over at Draco "It may be a bit less than you're used to, but you'll survive." Draco didn't look at him, instead, he continued to stare at the floor. "Whatever I don't care" he muttered, and he really didn't, he didn't want to be here. "Cheer up." Acklund said as he patted Draco on the back "The sun will shine again I promise, anyway I'll be off now. Seeya." Acklund said before leaving through the door. And Draco was left sitting in the Weasley's living room. Great. "I'll try to salvage the lunch," Molly said standing from her chair "It's cold, but I can warm it up" Arthur, The Twins, Ron, Ginny and Draco, followed her to the kitchen after 5 minutes. After a while, Draco finally took a seat on the table next to Ginny and soon an awkward conversation started "We'll show you to your room after lunch, alright?" Molly said with a kind smile Draco just nodded, this was too embarrassing, he was being forced to live with people that he had insulted so rudely for half his life. Whatever, at least they were pure-bloods. "What are you two yacking about?" Arthur asked and the twins stopped whispering. "Nothing" Fred replied "Just Quidditch." "We were thinking of playing a game after Lunch," George added. "It's a shame we don't have a snitch." Ginny said, "I would love to play seeker." The twins sneered at their sister and said at the same time "Who said YOU were playing?" Ginny huffed "I did" The twins shook their heads "Nope, we'll play too rough for you," A violent look appeared in Ginny's eyes and the twins laughed "MUM!" Ginny whined, "They won't let me play!" "I don't see why Ginny can't play." Molly said, "She's a very good player." "Fine" Fred moaned, "You can play." Molly looked over to Draco "You have a broomstick don't you?" Molly asked kindly "Would you like to play Quidditch with them?" The whole table went silent as if they didn't believe what she had just asked. They all looked at Draco, apprehension on their faces. He had managed to get through lunch without drawing much attention to himself, and now he was faced with this. "Uh," His mind worked furiously thinking of an excuse "If I play it'll be uneven. Maybe another time," he muttered. There was a silent sigh of relief from everybody, no one really wanted to play with Draco. They nodded their heads and George even managed to say, nonchalantly, "You can watch if you want." Although he was looking at his potatoes as he said it. Draco just shook his head, he didn't want to watch a pile of weasels fly around on broomsticks if they didn't have a snitch he doubted they would own a Bludger so they probably only used a Quaffle to play, which was boring, without a bludger there was no point playing or watching, the best part of the game was watching someone or pushing someone of their broom. END OF CHAPTER I don't have a beta but I've proofread it a lot. Hope you guys like this because I worked really hard c: Sorry for all the changing scenes, I thought it was necessary, though. If I only showed it from Draco's perspective I don't think It would have made nearly as much sense. There won't be so many changing scenes once Draco's living with the Weasleys because I won't have to keep switching between the Weasleys, Draco, and the Ministry. Review if you want more chapters I'll try to make them long so you'll get your waits worth! c: