will be frozen shut until you do. Love Hermione x' BANG! It was Dudley. ' Dudley?' Bella said dropping her stand, Mad eye limped forward and grabbed him by the shirt. Dudley saw who was in the room and yelp terrified. ' Let him go Mad eye!' Bella walked over to her cousin. " W-Where? What did you do?" he said to Bella. " Nothing Dudley, but we need to explain what's going on all right." ' Ask him a question. Make sure it's him' Moody growled. Bella knew one, but the others wouldn't like it. ' They already know against my will alright so you can answer honestly and they won't hurt you.' Staring at her godfather and honorary brothers meaningfully. 'Where did I sleep till I got my Hogwarts letter?' ' The cupboard under the stairs.' He said quietly. ' Others could know that,' barked Mad eye. ' Mad eye they made sure no one knew that otherwise me and Dudley would be put into care.' She said angrily. ' She's right Mad eye that would have been a family secret.' ' Fine I have another one.' She said coolly. ' What was always the first thing on my chore list for the day? And what did you always do?' ' Uh, clean the bathroom, starting with the toilet. And I used to make as much mess as possible before you went in, by smearing mum's different soaps around the toilet and the wall where you couldn't reach.' Dudley said nervously, his eyes darting to Mad eye. ' It's him.' ' Now we have addressed that Dudley, if you could stand still I will let you know what you have missed. I promise not to harm you.' ' You can trust everyone in this room, especially Dumbledore all right." Bella said. "Well most people," Shaking Dudley allowed the headmaster to come close and tap him with his wand. ' Can I talk to you,' Dudley asked his cousin. She nodded and guided him out of the room. ' It really wasn't you,' he said. Bella shook her head. 'I'm sorry I told Mum and Dad,' he flushed pink, then his expression turned horrified. 'All of that has happened too you. I am sorry about the nightmares, what I said. I didn't –' ' I know, maybe Hermione is right, maybe you can learn.' She smiled gesturing back to the room. 'You ready Big D,' He gave a nervous chuckle, but nodded for Bella to lead the way. "You're Mum thinks I'm a teacher. I just wanted to check in, let you know you hadn't just gone mad." "Yeah, thanks I was wondering what was going on." He chuckled. "I'll let you know how things to by letter, they'll be coded alright. If you want to figure out some stuff I have books in my room that I didn't need. They'll help you understand. "I'll read them tonight... Bella," he said quietly. "I really am sorry, and try and stay safe." "I will Dud, see you in the summer," She hung the phone back up, opening the door and nestling into George for warmth. He rubbed her arm as they began to make their way back to Grimmauld Place. "You reckon the Order meeting will happen as soon as we get back?" she asked. Sirius nudged her so she'd look down, then nodded. "Nah, Mum'll want to feed us first." George said, as they turned the corner. "True, probably after dinner," Bella agreed, she looked down at her Godfather to see his tail wagging. "Is that at the idea of food Snuffles," she laughed, he spun in a circle making both teens laugh. "I'll take that as a yes," George laughed, as they walked into the little park in front of Grimmauld Place. Several anxious faces were in the door as the three of them entered, Sirius ran through the crowd of people wagging his tail and running to the kitchen. Bella laughed rolling her eyes at her Godfather. Bella realised there were some faces that were not there before. "Professor Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall, you – the meeting." Bella said smiling at the two. "Yes, Bella we are looking forward to a scrumptious meal before we discuss what we have discovered." Dumbledore said interlocking his fingers. "Dinner'll be about half an hour," Mrs Weasley said, making her way to the kitchen. "I'm going to go pack a little before dinner, Dudley's ok," she smiled, letting go of George's hand and heading up the stairs to the room she and Ron shared. There was a white blur that came towards her as she walked into the room. "Hedwig," she whispered, her companion's death flashing in her mind. Taking the bird in her arms she cradled her. "Oh Hedwig," she kissed the top of her head. The owl gave her an affectionate nip, allowing her owner to keep her close. After several minutes Bella let her go, diving into her trunk for a treat. Hedwig was very happy over the next half an hour she received various signs of affection, and many treats, she hooting in irritation when Ron came in and told Bella that food was ready. Giving the owl one last stroke, Bella made her way downstairs… "So, we should probably have that meeting now," Bill said leaning back in his chair assessing everyone's expressions. Silence hit the room, as people looked around at loved ones who had predicted deaths. "Well this is going to be cheerful," Fred waved his wand to move all of the empty plates from the table. Hope you guys like it! I will be flashbacking to the bits of the books I changed especially at the beginning. Sorry I couldn't continue the story, but after six years it was just too much trolling. They kept taking down my whole account, and that wasn't fair to other stories I had on here too. Bella thanks you and hopes you will enjoy this new story. Xxx