going to tell me what the problem is?" Hermione asked not bothering to look up from whatever boring book she was reading. Ron had to wonder how she managed to be such a great multitasker. "There isn't one." He knew she would see right through that. If there wasn't a problem he wouldn't be wearing a hole in the carpet or his trainers. A slight humph of disbelieving laugher escaped his girlfriend's mouth. Not that he expected anything less. Ron probably should have told Hermione about all of this but he couldn't do that. Not just because he was worried about what she would say about him leaving Harry alone. But also because Harry had said he wanted to tell her about wanting Malfoy himself. Ergh. He shook his head in disgust at that. He would never be able to see what Harry saw in the slimy git. He had checked the marauder's map when Harry never came in last night. It had showed his name way to close to Malfoy's. He shuddered at the knowledge of what that meant. His stubborn mind wanted to point out that even if Harry was being held captive, it would still show such close names. He shook the thought away as he chose to have faith in Harry's judgment. No matter how skewed it might be. The opening of the portrait had Ron's head snapping up, something he had been doing every time the stupid thing opened. The tension that had been mounting since last night, left him in a whoosh as he caught sight of Harry. Who was alive and intact. He studiously refused to look anywhere but at Harry's face, just in case there was any markings left by Malfoy. "Finally." Ron breathed out when Harry walked towards them. He noticed that Hermione put her book down and shot them both questioning looks. Harry grinned at his best friend unrepentantly. "Ick." Ron shook his head. "That was all I needed to know." He paused to get a really good look at Harry. There was a tired aura around him but there was also a happiness he hadn't seen in a long time. Harry's laughter had Ron sitting on the nearest couch, across from Hermione and Harry with a small smile. "So is it all worked out of your system?" When Harry wouldn't meet his eyes and the smile was still curved, Ron groaned. "Please tell me you are joking?!" He had known the moment his friend had brought up Malfoy that this would be a bad idea. Perhaps not for Harry but definitely for him. "Sorry Ron. I must not tell lies." Harry brandished his scarred hand with a grin. The first time he had been able to do that when talking about the scar. Ron covered his face in his hands and let out a pitiful moan. "Why? Why me?" Harry let out a barking laughter. " You? You aren't the one getting—" "That's enough." Ron interrupted with a pale face. He did not want that mental image. Ever. He watched Harry stand up and stretch before making his way to the staircase. "I have a feeling this will last a long time. Have you ever noticed that a trio can easily become a square?" Was the only warning Harry released before the brunette was gone. Ron laid on his back with his arm covering his face as he sighed heavily. "I am not moving from this spot until the world makes sense again. Not even for food. I will just die right here." He paused for a moment. "Hermione, how long does it take for someone to die of starvation?" "Are you ignoring the fact that you can't even go a few hours without eating something?" Ron grinned as he moved his hand. "Yes. Pretend that I am a normal person with a normal appetite." "Well actually, there is a debate about the effects of a lack of water versus food…" He closed his eyes as he listened to Hermione tell him facts that he wouldn't remember tomorrow. Some people might not be able to understand their dynamics but it worked for them. Even if they were opposites. "Oh hell." Ron whispered in realization. He sighed heavily. Perhaps Harry had found his own Hermione. He fought back the urge to pick apart every single flaw of the Slytherin and filled his mind with the happy smile on Harry's face. Anything was worth keeping his best friend happy, and that included allowing a fourth member into their group. Harry so owed him for this. Draco's warning had stuck with Harry. It had been placed in the back of his mind for weeks. Never forgotten about. So when Kreacher told him Sirius had gone to the Ministry, Harry immediately knew that Hermione had been right. Sirius wasn't there. He had paused before throwing in more floo powder and went straight to Grimmauld Place himself. The detention and renewed wound on the back of his hand had been worth it. Who knows what could have happened otherwise. Perhaps he would have been hurt if he had gone to the Ministry on a whim. The simple act of Draco opening up to Harry about his suspicions had paved the foundation for his lover to be accepted when Draco showed up in the middle of summer before sixth year, asking for protection. Who knew losing his virginity would have such a serious impact on his life? Author's Notes: So, what did you think? There is potential for a sequel. It could go into more detail about the things regarding the last paragraph of the story. It could even go into their sixth year. I don't know if there will be a demand for a sequel or not. Is it fine being a solo? Let me know your opinion on the matter. Hoping you enjoyed my muse that will hopefully allow me to continue with my other works in progress. See you next time. -XxTheDarkLordxX