they did to Harry. "Your dark mark!" Harry snorted at the pure shock in the bond. His mouth was twitching, it was finally his lovers turn to experience unwanted attention. Draco was positive that he had just been confunded. Why would anyone want to look at the dark mark? The damn thing was proof of his mistakes. The mark was a negative aspect to his life, but yet Jake was looking forward to seeing it? He held out his left arm despite his reservations. He smiled at the gasps everyone let out. His left arm was completely unrecognizable. The colors of their wedding ritual were still etched into his skin. The bright colors were an intricate design of twists and colors. The blue, red, yellow and green were wrapped around his entire arm in a show of art. He thought it was beautiful, he hoped it would take years before the colors faded. His dark mark was still there but it wasn't the first thing that caught people's eyes. It was hard to see the mark, actually. "The article had been correct." Peter stated with surprise. "You actually got married in an in perpetuum simul ceremony." There was a longing to his tone that made Harry's heart break for the man. This was something that Peter couldn't do even if he wanted to. The vampire would live forever, there was no point in tying his life to someone for the afterlife when that was something he wouldn't be granted. Harry showed them his left arm as well. The colors were just as bright as Draco's and just as beautiful. "We did. We wanted to ensure that every life after this one, would be spent together." Kenny swallowed heavily. "Is that something you believe in? Reincarnation?" Draco was thankful for his gift of masking emotions, otherwise his humor might have shown on his face. Harry had to pinch himself discreetly to stop from reacting. "Mhm." Harry didn't trust his voice to say more than that. Kenny narrowed his eyes. Draco was positive that he was picking up something from them. "We really do believe in reincarnation." There was a finality to his tone that made the others in the room sit up straighter. "You know something that we don't." Joseph accused with a pout. Harry laughed warmly. "I am sure that is something that goes both ways." He pointed out dryly. "We know that it exists. We won't disclose how we know this, we just do." Peter made a thoughtful noise. "That is interesting. Scholars have debated for centuries about the existence of reincarnation. There is no evidence proving or disproving the theory. So, I am quite curious as to what you two have discovered that would differ to what experts have come up with." There was suspicion to his tone and Draco knew that they would have to be careful with what they said. "Well, it is a good thing that we aren't disclosing what we know." He told him firmly. This wasn't something that they were going to talk about. They hadn't even wanted to tell their own family about the past lives. It was too personal and too private to be discussed. Especially with strangers, no matter how much they liked them. Peter sighed in disappointment. "Alright. That is your prerogative." He admitted with a frown. Harry gave him a relieved smile. He wouldn't have told them about their past lives either. He was glad that Peter was able to let things go. A bell sounded off in the distance. Draco looked around, slightly startled. "That was the ending bell. Certain parts of the sanctuary are now closed." Kenny told them with a regretful tone. "Is there a way you both will be able to come back tomorrow?" Draco felt out the feelings in the bond as he looked to Harry. They did have a lot of other places around the world that they wanted to see. They had already spent a couple days in Singapore. Harry tilted his head slightly, letting Draco know that it was up to him to decide. Draco smiled to the rest of the boys. "We can stick around one more day." He promised them. Five relieved whoops were heard around the room. Harry smiled at the five new strangers that he was beginning to call friends. He rather liked the group of boys. They were all so different but very welcoming. Draco tapped Harry on his side, to indicate that they should get up. "Well, we shall see you all here tomorrow." They said their goodbyes and made their way towards the door. "Want to walk around the aviary some more? We can see if we can upset some more rude old ladies?" Harry laughed loudly. "Only if you protect me from the vines. My private bits are for your enjoyment only." "Damn right." Draco told him firmly as they swung their hands back and forth. As they shut the door, they both heard Kenny say, "I rather liked them." They both smiled. The feeling had been mutual. If they got nothing else out of Singapore, at least they made five new friends. Friends that they could see sticking around in their lives for a long time. Author's Notes: Hopefully you all have enjoyed the extra long chapter of this story. This IS their honeymoon and they will be going to several other places throughout the world. I want to mention something that is the ENTIRE theme of the way the rest of this series will go. Magical Beings. This was a route that was hinted at during the first installment. It is a prejudice that I will continue on with and shed some light to it. I would like to warn you all to play very close attention to the things in my chapters. There is subtle foreshadowing everywhere. I do mean everywhere. This will become obvious in other chapters. Let me know any thoughts or opinions you might have. -XxTheDarkLordxX