voice in the room. Fred and George were standing there, looking shocked and upset. I had forgotten they were coming home to see Charlie. They had been the ones the Death Eaters heard and ran away from. Fred's wand was raised, but he slowly lowered it as he looked at my brother. "I'll go to get help! I'll be right back!" he yelled, though he was just two meters from me, and rushed out of the room. "Bloody hell…." George muttered. "I'll go get some towels and floo mum and dad." And he too was gone. I went to run, but a light hand on my wrist stopped me. "Gin Bug, stay with me," I heard Charlie ask, his voice hoarse. As hoarse as mine had been when I told Tom Riddle I had forgiven him. The voice of a person who knew he was dying. "You need help!" I screamed. My voice was not hoarse. It was loud and hysterical and broken. "Those men might come back!" "They won't. Please Ginny. Don't let me die alone." "You aren't going to die!" I was yelling again, my voice was cracking. Tears were streaming out of my eyes. I could feel them in my mouth. They were salty and hot. "Please," he said, his face pained. I crawled to his body and cradled it. I put his head on my shoulder and hugged his middle. I could feel his warm breath come in short gasps against my cheek. Tears were streaming down my face. "Gin Bug, I love you," he said to me. This only made the tears come faster. "Never forget that." And then, the breath had stopped. My cheek suddenly felt as cold as ice. Never had I felt colder. His breath was gone. He was gone. The tears streamed over him and me. I could have wept an ocean and I probably did. I hugged him against me and began to rock. In comfort for him or in insanity, I don't know. Both probably. My brother was dead. My mind could not, would not fathom it. But I knew it was true. He was gone forever. My brother would never smile again. His eyes would never crinkle up. He would never marry or have kids or own dragons or give me gifts or love and comfort me again. He would never read me stories or tell me useless random facts. Would never hug me or kiss me or call me Gin Bug. I felt as if I was drowning in a sea of pain. He would never live again. I could never live again. Not without him. I couldn't make it without him. I don't remember how long I knelt beside my brother. It may have been hours, maybe only minutes. But at some point I heard footsteps. I looked up through bloodshot eyes when they stopped. My parents were there. They stood, staring with their mouths open at me and Charlie. They could tell he was dead. Gone. I could see it in their eyes. The horror. They knew. They knew now what war did to people. And so did I. I put my head down, on top of my brothers. I began to rock him again, side to side. His body was still warm. I wanted to bask in that warmth. How could he leave me here, all alone in this cold room, while he was warm? How could he leave me in this cold world? Someone walked towards me. I didn't bother to look up this time to see who. I heard them stop and crouch down in front of me, their bones creaking. I could hear my mother crying. I knew that since she had not thrown herself onto her dead son's body, she was crying against my father or one of the twins' shoulders. "Ginny," the warm voice said. A comforting voice usually. It had soothed me after the Chamber of Secrets. Now, it held no consolation for me. I looked up into my father's eyes. They were old and sad. His lips were pursed together, as if he didn't know what to say. I just wanted him to go, to leave me here with my brother. But he didn't. He wouldn't. His hand reached out to touch my face, but I moved my head, so that he could not. I didn't want him to touch me or to comfort me. "Come on, we'll take him to the infirmary." I could hear how blank, lost, confused my father's voice was. "Why? He's dead," were the harsh words that came out of my mouth. Cold words. He went to pick me up, to carry me away, when I screamed. "No! No! I won't leave him! He said not to leave him! He said to hold him! You can't make me leave him!" I knew the tears were spilling. I knew I sounded like a mad woman. I knew that they were staring at me. My mother cried louder. But I didn't care. They could not make me leave my brother. "Come on-" he said, but I cut him off. "No!" I yelled. He knew he could not get me to leave. He grabbed me around the waist and began to haul me away from my brother. I struggled against him, thrashing and kicking and clawing and screaming. I tore his glasses from his face and threw them against the other side of the room, where they broke. I didn't let go of my grip on my brother's body. "Ginny! Enough!" he yelled at me, but still I persisted. "Ginny! Don't make me curse you." I ignored the old man. He sighed deeply and said, "I'm sorry for this Ginny." With that, I heard him say a spell I had never heard of, and slowly, I was becoming calm. Before I blacked out, as he picked me up and began carrying me away, the last thing I saw was my dead brother in the corner.