when ill, naturally being so used to being waited on hand and foot." Snape was sneering again. Harry nearly snorted at that. This man, his professor clearly knew nothing about him. "Yes, sir." He hesitated as another thought came to him. "Er- am I allowed to fly?" Snape silently regarded him for a moment. "You may, but are required to inform either myself or the other professor when you plan on doing so." Though slightly annoying, Harry could live with it and gave another nod. "Do I er- have a curfew or something?" "You do. You are expected to be in your Common Room no later than ten. Also, you are to eat all meals in the Great Hall. Breakfast will be at nine, lunch at noon, and dinner at six. Am I understood? Or did all this go flying over your head as my lectures in class do?" "I understand. Sir." "Very well. You are dismissed." Not wanting to stay near Snape any longer, Harry rushed towards the staircase, but had no choice but to slow down once he began the climb. He knew he was far too weak and in way too much pain to be climbing so many stairs, but it wasn't like he had much of a choice. Harry began his long trek up to Gryffindor Tower able to feel Snape staring at him intently, leaving him more than a little disconcerted. He also realized that the Potion's Master hadn't told him who the other professor staying in the castle was. How odd... LM POV Lucius was still seated in Severus' sitting room, flipping through a tome in his lap as he sipped a glass of Firewhiskey. He was waiting for his friend to return. When he had said ten minutes, he had meant ten minutes, not twenty. Severus was taking far longer than he had expected. The man briefly wondered if something unexpected had occurred, but barely had the time to dwell on this for it was right then that Severus chose to return. "Finally back? It took you long enough." "And why are you still here?" "Oh, how you wound me." He took another sip of his drink, watching his old friend sink into an armchair and summon a snifter of whiskey for himself. The normally dour man looked a little worried, something Lucius would never have noticed if he were not so close to the man. When Severus downed half his drink in one go, Lucius' brow rose. That was odd. "Is something bothering you?" Severus replied with a scowl, which in most cases would have assured Lucius that everything was alright, but right now only confirmed that something was indeed amiss. But the Potion's Master didn't speak and the blond man decided that maybe it would just be best if he waited. Again. And he did so... "There is something wrong with Potter," said Severus suddenly, pulling Lucius' attention away from the fascinating book on vampires that he was in the midst of reading. When Lucius looked at Severus, he found him in a rather vulnerable position. He was reclining in his armchair, head tilted back, a forearm across his eyes. "Wrong? How so?" wondered Lucius, clearly curious. He couldn't help it. Whatever it was with Potter, it had deeply affected the man before him. There was a pause before the black haired man replied, as if he were carefully choosing his words. "The boy was practically skin and bones, Lucius, and oddly...subdued." "Subdued?" Lucius repeated, confused. "He was behaving more like a Hufflepuff than the Gryffindor that he is. Merlin, the only time he even raised his voice was when he first saw me, and all he said then was my name. He posed the expected questions, and did not even question why he was brought here so early. He had absolutely no strength either. His attempt to grip my arm for the side-along Apparation clearly showed me that." Lucius frowned. "Severus, are you really suggesting that ?" "I do not know what I am suggesting, Lucius. All I know is that Potter was not acting like Potter." Lucius, not wanting to think it was anything else, said, "The boy just lost his godfather, Severus. Perhaps this is simply his grieving method, wrong though it may be." It took the other man a long time to respond. "...Perhaps, though I pray that it is." Lucius fell silent and let Severus be for the time being. He tried to recall all the things Draco had told him about Harry Potter. Most didn't stick out at all, just the usual complaints, but there had been a couple of odd things, now that he thought about it... "Father, you said the Potters had a fortune that could rival even ours, right?" "I did, son, yes. Why?" "Then why does Potter dress in rags? He dresses worse than those Weasleys sometimes and that's really saying something." "I don't know, Draco. Perhaps Potter simply enjoys dressing like that." What else had there been? "Potter's so thin that I find it a miracle he can even manage to stay on a broom without being blown off. And you know, Father, I think he wears a Glamour too. ...I wonder why?" Draco had gone on for much longer, but those were the only things that really stuck out to Lucius. He had never put much thought in his son's complaints about Harry Potter, but now he wondered whether that had been the right choice... And that's it for now. I have some more written up, but I'll need to find time to edit, type, edit again, and post it up. I am totally open to any suggestions for what should happen. I'm also debating on whether or not Lucius and Severus should already be together, and then add Harry into the mix, making it a triad-or both fall for Harry and decide to go for him together. Let me know what you think. Looking forward to reviews! Laterz!