but she just wouldn't wake up. That was a few days ago. I contacted you right after your mother contacted me." Draco nodded, staring back at his wife, who was lying in the hospital bed, pale and unresponsive. "I came as soon as I got your note. I know that the mission took much longer than planned but we were this close. A few more days, I'm sure of it. I probably wouldn't have made it for Christmas but for the birth in January, I would have definitely been back." "Weren't you supposed to be gone for a few weeks only?" Potter asked him and Draco shrugged. "Yes, a few weeks from May to June but you know how it works," the blond sighed, running a hand through his hair. He glanced back to the branch. "The baby is alright." Potter told him then with a much softer voice. Draco nodded. "I know, the healers told me and I've seen him. I just wish that Hermione would have been there for the birth. How do you think she will feel when she wakes up? All she remembers is being pregnant and suddenly the baby is gone and out here and she can't even remember it." Potter regarded him with that pitying look again and even Draco knew that he should have used if instead of when. "Please," Draco begged, squeezing Hermione's hand tighter. "Please come back to me." She didn't wake up for Christmas. Draco was rocking his son in his arms, the baby was giggling up at his father, having finally grown and gained enough weight to be considered normal and healthy. He then opened his mouth again to giggle but it turned into a yawn. Draco smiled down at him. He turned him around to show him to Hermione. His wife was still lying in the hospital bed, eyes closed as if she was only sleeping. "Isn't he beautiful?" Draco told her still form. "I think he will have your eyes. They are still blue at the moment but I'm sure they'll turn brown later on." His eyes did turn brown. A deep, dark chocolate brown and Draco was staring at them longingly as his son started to grow up with every day that passed. Hermione's eyes, he thought, thinking about his wife, who was still at the hospital. No changes yet. He watched his son play in the grass. The summer sun was shining Draco in the back as he watched the toddler. "I wish you could see him," he told the air and a breeze went over his neck, the sudden coolness made his flesh crawl. "I do," a smooth voice told him and he flinched, turning around in surprise but no one was there. "I brought you some cherry branches," he told her sleeping form, putting the vase on the nightstand next to the hospital bed. "You had them last year in your room, I don't know who put them there," Draco continued. "But they will bloom on Christmas." "Our son's birthday is coming up, you know. And it's Christmas soon, so I hope you will finally come back to me. It's been a year now." the blond leaned over to kiss her forehead. "I never stopped hoping, you know." "You will," the haunting voice insisted but he shook his head, his lips still pressed against Hermione's forehead. "No, never." he mumbled against her cold skin. "You promise?" the voice asked and he nodded. "Yes, I do." "Will you come home for Christmas?" the man asked her, a dark blur now and Hermione looked up surprised. He just wouldn't leave her alone. "Why should I?" she asked him instead. "I will be there," he was probably smirking and Hermione laughed slightly, her dark curls bouncing. She was standing on a stone balcony of an impressive mansion. She couldn't see the details but she was sure they were there somewhere. Over her was the dark and starless sky. "I can't remember when Christmas is," she admitted then sheepishly. "I brought you flowers," the blur said and Hermione looked past it to see into the lit bedroom. White curtains were fluttering in the wind. There was a wooden end table standing in the middle of the room, in direct view from the balcony. "That's a branch, not flowers," she stated, staring at the clear vase, which held one single branch. The water was a muddy brown. "It's not even blooming." "That's the trick," the blur said, "It will bloom on Christmas day, so you know when to come back." "Oh," the brunette said. "That's clever." "Will you promise me to come back once the branch blooms?" "I don't know." Hermione said, watching the fluttering curtains, which were lifted high by the wind. She couldn't feel it but she was sure it was there somewhere. Her glance fell on the branch again. "I rather not promise you anything, I don't even know you," she told the blur then. "Will you try at least?" it asked. "I guess I can try." Hermione answered shrugging, her eyes wandered back and forth between the blur and the branch. She could see its buds opening slowly. White petals were shining through. They were as white as the curtains that were fluttering around in the dead wind. She still couldn't feel it but she started to hear the rustle, she thought. Looking up, she spotted a few stars. She could make out the dragon in the night sky; its stars were bright and clear now. And the sky was no longer dark and starless. When she woke up, it took her a moment to adjust her eyes to the light. Blinking she looked around the room, her head and body ached. An alarm sounded off somewhere but it was just a far-away noise. She turned her head to look at the table next to her bed. There was a vase with muddy brown water. One single branch was in it. It was blooming.