impossible. With a little research in a public library, she would be able to collect the right ingredients for the potion. The main problem was the missing wand for the spell and the special quill, which needed to be a feather from a thunderbird. If she only had a wand. Hermione continued to think about what she could do to get a wand, when she spotted them. Dressed in black, they stood at the street corner and talked quietly but intensely. Walking past them was insane and yet, Hermione ducked her head and made sure to hold up the muggle device she just bought. As she came closer, she caught their American accents and deflated a little. "So, what about the Mudblood now? Still no trace?" "They are close. Rowle said that she's in this city and that they will get her in the next days probably. The Malfoy kid tasted blood and is hellbent on finding her. He probably better should after the punishment he received when she was able to flee." "Still the snake?" "Oh hell yeah. That fucking beast did some work on him." "What should we do until then?" "Wait for instructions. We will get an update tonight. At the docks." Hermione hurried away and then slipped into a busy burger place. She went to get something to eat before she seated herself in a dark corner of the place and waited. Malfoy was here in Chicago. She had been right about her feeling. He was here and he had followed her. And he almost found her. She would have to leave the city right now, but then again, what good would it do? They would just follow her again. And now, she at least had an advantage. They would meet tonight at the docks for an update on something. Maybe it was on her or maybe it was on something else as well. If she left then she wouldn't know and how high were the chances that she would manage to eavesdrop on another conversation like that? Maybe she would be able to follow one of them and take their wand. What else did she have to lose? If she left, then she had nothing. If she stayed, then she had at least a small chance. Determined, Hermione got up and left the restaurant. She walked back to her motel, locked the door and closed the blinds on the windows before she put her purchase from this morning on the bed. It was a tape recorder. After she had bought it, she went to the drug store to get batteries and an empty tape. She had been on her way back when she had spotted the two men. She wanted to record the tape for Harry, tell him about what had happened to her until today, October 18th. She figured that the tape would be harder to figure out than a simple letter, in case the Death Eaters intercepted it. She thought about sending it via post again but then decided that the bequest charm would do. If she was able to get a wand tonight, she would put the charm on the tape in the next day or so. Having a wand should gain her another advantage. She would take the tape with her tonight, in case she didn't get a wand. She pinned her hopes on Malfoy's ego, that if she was caught, then maybe she could convince him to give it to Harry. He probably would do it to make a sick point in being the one who delivered Hermione Granger's last words to the famous Harry Potter. Malfoy would do it, she was pretty sure of it. But her top priority as to try and get a wand and put the charm on the cassette tape. Maybe she had gained a few more days before they caught up with her. Who knows? She sighed and sat down on the shabby motel bed, put the batteries in the recorder and put the empty tape in. She sighed again, took a deep breath and then pressed record . "Harry, it's Hermione..." And this is it, Harry. The whole story. And I'm currently sitting on this motel bed in this room, and tonight I will go down to the docks and do my best to get a wand. So many things could happen there. I could die, be captured, flee with or without a wand. Maybe I'll get a wand and then they will still catch me a moment later. Or maybe I get the wand and flee for two more days and then they catch me. Or for a week, a month, I don't know. So many things could happen but there are only three ways for you to obtain this tape. Either it's given to you by a Death Eater after my death, or I was able to cast the bequest charm before something happened to me, or it was given to you by me. Or maybe you'll never receive this and it's all been for nothing. At the moment, the first one seems to be the most realistic, doesn't it? I know, what a stupid idea to go to the docks but I have no choice, Harry. I hoped I would, but I don't. No matter when or if you ever receive this tape - I love you, Harry. And you, too, Ron! I love you both so dearly, I can't even put it in words. If the war is over and you won, then congratulations, Harry, I knew you were able to beat him! If the war is still going, then keep on fighting, Harry. I know that you will win in the end. Always fight, Harry, no matter what. This side is almost full, so you will probably have to listen to Side B to find out what happens next. If it's empty, I was caught tonight. If it's not, then I wasn't. Only one way to find out.