the back of his head. He needed Albus to say the word aloud or the surprise would never happen. How could he get him to say it? Clearing his throat, he pointed to the word, a tentative smile upon his lips. "It's a perfect word for tonight, don't you think?" "What," asked Albus, taking a sip of his hot chocolate. "Oh! Mistletoe! Yeah, of course it is, what with it being Christmas Eve and all." With a start, Albus dropped his mug as a burst of light exploded above them. Clearly thinking the worst, he grabbed for the wand inside his pocket. Scorpius watched as the boy's green eyes went wide. Mouth dropping open, his friend turned to look at him. Scorpius merely smiled, taking a deep breath, prepared for his surprise. Above their blanket and game, he'd planted a sprig of magical mistletoe that would be activated once Albus said the word. Now, they were stuck there until they kissed, which was what he was hoping for. However, there was a bit more to it than just that, so he waited patiently for Albus to relax. "Mistletoe…," he breathed, pointing to the sprig. "Did you plan this?" Scorpius nodded his reply, unsure about how Albus felt, how he would react. When he nodded but said nothing further, he took that as his cue to speak. "Albus, there's something I've been wanting to tell you for…well, for quite some time." He stopped, sitting up on his knees and inching closer to his friend. "I wanted to make sure this Christmas Eve was special for you because I wanted you to remember it." Pausing, he examined the dark-haired boy. When he was satisfied that he wasn't going to be interrupted, he continued, finding courage within. "I'm in love with you, Albus." There. He'd said it, and the world didn't end. They were both still there—still kneeling across a silly game of Christmas Scrabble. Wetting his lips, he waited for Albus to reply, either with disgust or mutual affection. He was ready for either, although he preferred the latter. After a long minute that felt more like an hour, Albus shook himself and Scorpius prepared for the worst. He ran a hand through his dark hair, a blush gracing his cheekbones. "Scorpius…" "It's okay—I know the incantation. I can end the mistletoe's spell, and you won't have to kiss me to get away. I'm sorry it was impulsive. I'm an idiot…" He panicked. As he continued to blather on and on, he searched the blanket for his own discarded wand. Feeling a tightness in his chest, tears threatening to fall, he was startled when he felt a hand grab hold on his wrist. He stilled, grey eyes snapping up to look at Albus, who was grinning sheepishly. "Scorpius…will you just stop for a second?" He opened his mouth to say something else, apologize maybe, but then the most wonderfully surprising thing happened—Albus kissed him into silence. The hand not holding his wrist grabbed hold onto the back of his neck, pulling him forward so that soft lips could smooth overtop his own. Scorpius's eyes widened but then fluttered shut, allowing Albus access to his mouth. He moaned as the kiss was deepened, his hands finding purchase in Albus's soft, dark hair. It was a magical kiss, and aside from the mistletoe exploding into nothingness above them, Scorpius saw fireworks. All too soon, in his opinion, the kiss ended, and the pair were left panting. Their foreheads rested against one another, eyes slowly reopening, full of wonder and happiness. Albus kissed him again, just a soft peck this time, but it made Scorpius's heart skip and a warmth spread over his entire body so that the heated blankets were no longer needed. Satisfied, Albus released his neck and placed gentle fingers overtop his trembling lips, probably to keep him from talking for a moment. Scorpius held his breath, eagerly anticipating what he would say. "Scorpius, you're not an idiot." He sighed, shaking his head with a grin. "You've made this the best Christmas Eve I've had in years." Scorpius glanced around at the scattered Scrabble pieces and empty mugs of hot chocolate, feeling a bit incredulous that he'd managed to pull off this surprise. "Rweawy?" His question came out jumbled, Albus's fingers still covering his lips. The green-eyed boy laughed merrily, which caused him to grin as well. Albus traced his lips, eyes darting down to follow the movement. "Really," he replied, nodding. "And I love you too." Removing his fingertips, he kissed Scorpius for third time that evening, putting his entire soul into the kiss. Scorpius responded in kind, enveloping the boy in a heated embrace. This time when they parted, Scorpius stood and pulled Albus with him. "Let's go back to our room." Albus nodded eagerly, using his wand to clean up their mess. The couple watched as everything righted itself, but before Scorpius could reach down to pick up the game and basket, Albus pulled him in for yet another lingering kiss—not that he was complaining. Between kisses, he managed to ask, "What's with all the kisses, Albus?" Blushing, Albus answered, his eyes sparkling. "Now that I know you love me; I can't help myself…and…" "And what?" "You taste like marshmallows." Laughing, Scorpius intertwined his hand with Albus's and kissed the boy himself, taking his time tasting, exploring. Against his parted lips, he murmured, "So do you." Then, he tugged his new boyfriend down the stairs and back to the Slytherin dorms where they could continue their Christmas Eve festivities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Final score of the Scrabble game for those interested… Abus: 117 Scorpius: 83 But, let's be honest…I think Scorpius was the real winner here.