Maya shook her head. "No, we must be quiet; we're not allowed to speak of that. She needs to be bathed, but I do not want to frighten her more." Alex nodded and kneeled next to the girl. Now she knew why Maya had chosen her. Not only was she the closest in age to the thing…girl…she had a calming, warm affect on people. She wasn't sure why. Alexandria was known for being a bubbly, cheerful, hyper and very excitable person, yet people were naturally attracted to that sunlight in her. However…this girl looked as if she had just come out of the depths of Hades. She wondered if too much warmth and sunlight wouldn't scare it. So she calmly leaned over the girl, breathing through her mouth, and stroked her cheek softly, whispering her name. "Ginny…Ginny…shhhh…We are not going to hurt you. We're your friends. Friends. We're going to take care of you. Shh…" Maya nodded and began to run the bathwater. The girl shuddered at the sound. "It's okay…we're just going to clean you up. We're going to take care of you. Friends. Friends, Ginny. Please trust us. We're friends." The shuddering slowly stopped and the creature went still. If she could not feel the slight pulse through her hand she would have thought it died right there. Maya lifted the girl up easily, cradling her like a child, her face hidden against her clothes. "Blow out some of the candles. I think she's just going into shock. All of the light and movement and sound are probably scaring her." Alex did as she was told and turned her back politely as Maya removed what little scraps of clothes were left on the corpse and lowered her into the warm water. "You can turn around. God, she's covered in blood. The water is already filthy." Alex turned and forced her stomach to, once again, calm itself. The thing had its head down, hiding behind its hair, and the bubbly warm water around it was red. She kneeled down beside the bathtub and leaned over to look at its face but Maya put a hand on her shoulder, shaking her head. "Leave her face alone for now. Just clean." She did as she was told. This was one of the times when she missed her magic, wish she had it back, even if she didn't know very many spells. The stench and filth were horrid and the layers of grime and blood seemed to be never ending. She was excited when she finally found pale, paper-white skin. They filled up and emptied the tub at least five times and scrubbed the girl from head to toe. Ginny slowly began to look more and more human, if not deformed and alien. She was thin, so thin her ribs bulged noticeably, and her head resembled more of a dirty mop than hair atop a skull. She was covered in so many scars from numerous different torturous weapons and some bled freely when Maya had to tear the cloth out of the scabbed-over wounds. It was torture, both physical and emotional, to sit there cleaning such a sad, pitiful, pathetic creature. It was amazing and frightening at the same time. Cleaning the girl slowly, washing away all of her blood and dirt and exposing her wounds and pale skin underneath was like seeing a Phoenix be reborn from its ashes. The corpse-like girl sat shivering in the tub in the fetal position like a newborn baby being cleaned from its mother's fluids. She felt a sudden affectionate, maternal love and protection for the girl that overwhelmed and surprised her. Finally, all was clean but the face, and she reached up with a cloth, singing lowly. Her music had calmed the girl, she noticed, and her voice hurt from singing quietly for over an hour, but she ignored the pain as she cleaned the face off slowly, careful not to force it up. Maya said eye-contact would only scare it more and so she let the thing stare down at the water as she cleaned. "Ginny," she whispered, her voice light, "We're done. You're clean. Come out of the water. We'll dry you off and give you clothes to wear." The child obeyed silently, for which Alexandria was thankful, and leaned on her as Maya dried her body. Ginny seemed too weak to even stand and she shivered violently, despite the warmth and steam in the room, so they dressed her quickly and efficiently in Alex's pajamas. She could see the girl drifting off to sleep and knew she must be exhausted. She wondered the last time Ginny slept on a bed, the last time she bathed, the last time she ate. Alex was too curious now. She had to know. Had to know what the face looked like. According to the accounts she had heard of the Weasley family, she had never had the privilege of meeting one in person before the family was brutally massacred, they all had red hair, tanned skin, and numerous freckles. Most of the boys were tall and the women short and curvy. However, with the exception of the mop of red hair, the girl looked nothing like the descriptions. The temptation was overwhelming her. Alexandria reached a hand under the chin and lifted the face up. Ginny did not protest, and she knew, even if she wanted to, the girl was too weak. Alex brought the face up until it looked into her own. Bony cheeks, sunken eyes, dark circles. Thin, torn, chapped lips and a small nose. Alex felt as if she were looking into the face of death, seeing the affect of a year in Hell. The face of a fallen, tortured angel. No. Ginny had not fallen of her own accord. This was the face of…an innocent, broken, dead soul. Then, the eyes opened. And as Alex stared into the dull, lifeless, unfocused brown eyes, she knew what death, pain, suffering, looked like.