"What can I say, Severus," she purred, spreading her legs even wider, offering herself to him. "You inspire me." She reached up and tangled her hand in his hair, tugging his head downwards to capture his lips with her own. Sure he inspired her—inspired her to do dirty, delectable things to his body in order to keep him under the impression she cared . She had to admit, while she harbored no true feelings for Severus, he was extremely skilled in far more areas than Potions. His tongue, fingers, and cock were awe inspiring when it came to pleasuring her, and she suspected the fact that he did love her to an extent, made him even more willing to please her. She wasn't complaining in the slightest, and when he thrust forward, sheathing himself in her dripping core, it took everything in her power not to declare she loved him back...even if it was only partially true. She didn't love him emotionally. No, not at all. She loved what he did to her...what he could do for her. With her apprenticeship soon coming to an end, she was already beginning to receive offers from prestigious potions academies. At this rate she would have no issue getting into one and then she would be free of this twisted tango she was currently so enraptured by. Gripping the edge of the ornate desk, Hermione tipped her head back with a sigh as Severus continued fucking her ever so exquisitely. Her walls clenched with each powerful thrust, her back arching with pleasure. He pounded into her relentlessly, whispering sweet little nothings in her ear as she panted wantonly. She was most certain that if someone were to walk through the dungeon door right now, she wouldn't even be able to stop. The desire making her body feel aflame began to coil tightly in her lower abdomen, and as if sensing this as well, Severus used his deft fingers to rub her clit. That was all she needed to send her over the edge. Severus followed quickly, filling her with his seed. Smirking slightly, Hermione was grateful she'd been secretly brewing a contraceptive potion behind his back. As her breathing returned to normal, and her lover slid from her body, she tried to ignore the slight pang of guilt she felt. Severus had suffered so much in his life; would she be able to break his heart in order to move ahead with hers? He loves me… Severus sat by the fire in his private quarters, sipping a glass of his favorite fire whiskey. It was strange to think that soon Hermione would no longer be his apprentice. She'd surpassed all of his expectations, as well breaking down the barriers he kept around his heart for so long. He loved her, probably more than he ever loved Lily even. He knew she cared for him in return, but he wasn't certain of the true extent of her feelings. He was desperate to find out, and that was why he needed this liquid courage. Oh how he longed to hear she loved him in return. He needed that more than anything. Tonight, when she came to his rooms, he would ask for her hand in marriage. He knew it was a long shot, taming his beautiful lion, but he had to ask. His heart needed confirmation of her true desires. Each day he fell more and more in love with Hermione, and if she was to leave for potions academy soon, he needed to be certain she would return to him after her education was complete. Hearing the door creak open, Severus turned in his chair, a smile already forming on his thin lips as Hermione shuffled into the room. However, his joy at seeing his love fell as he noticed the trunk she dragged behind her. "Hermione?" He questioned, uncertainty and fear lacing his voice. "Are you going somewhere this evening?" She loves me not… Taking a deep breath, Hermione prepared herself for what was, no doubt, going to be an incredible fallout. Setting the trunk by her feet, she straightened her back so she was standing at full height. If anything, Severus seemed paler than usual as he stood from his chair, setting his tumbler on the side table. She bit her lip as she contemplated how to break the news to him. "Severus," she began tentatively, "I've been accepted into Northern Britain's Potion Mastery Academy. I leave tonight, but I wanted to make sure I had a chance to thank you before I caught the train." With each word she spoke, she watched his face fall. "I didn't realize you would be leaving so soon," came his whispered reply as he moved to stand in front of her. "I thought we'd have more time." Hermione swallowed, afraid to say her next words, but knowing she had to. "My courses are set to begin next week, Severus. I have to go." Reaching for her trunk, she was fully prepared to just turn and leave, but his next question stopped her cold. "Marry me, Hermione. Please?" The question was rushed, and obviously quite far from what he'd probably planned; but it left her reeling nonetheless. Her blood ran cold as she took in his wide, dark eyes, so full of his desperate desire for her. Suddenly, she regretted everything she'd done these past few years, for clearly she'd led him to believe she cared for him far further than she ever fathomed possible. "Severus...I—I can't marry you." "But...I love you, Hermione." He sounded so hopeless, so forlorn , that it broke Hermione's heart. Squaring her shoulders, she met his gaze. "That's the thing, Severus. I don't love you." Retrieving her trunk, she turned to leave. As she began walking down the hall, Hermione heard the crash of glass against the hearth as it shattered, along with the mournful wail as Severus Snape broke down entirely, his desperation tearing him apart. She never looked back.