do Godric knows what. James pulled out a scrap of parchment and scribbled a few things to pass the time: a poem or two, a series of initials, a random series of names he liked. All of a sudden, with the squeak of a shoe and an abrupt inhalation, James Potter's hazel eyes were met with the girl he fancied above all. She blanched when she saw him, but James took no notice. Godric, Lily Evans must be the most beautiful girl to exist, he thought. His heart stammered and he ruffled his already unruly black hair as he pulled out the chair next to him, beckoning for her to sit. Lily did nothing of the sort. "What're you doing, Potter?" "Waiting for McGonagall. And you, my darling Evans?" "I need to talk to her about a few things." "May I ask what?" "Not that it's any of your business, but I'm practicing to become an Auror." "You're kidding!" James' exclaimed, his eyes shining with surprise. Lily's face contorted and she looked at him angrily, as she did so many times. "I most certainly am not, and quite honestly I don't care that you don't think I can do it because I'm a girl, Professor McGonagall thinks-" "Now what makes you think I'd believe a thing like that?" James asked, a bit hurt. Honestly, the brains Lily possessed were more than James or anyone else their age could dream of, and at once he was surprised he hadn't considered sooner that she might want to be an Auror. It was nearly the highest of all the jobs, who wouldn't want that? "I'm here for the same thing." "You want to become an Auror?" Lily asked, almost accusatorially. James tried to hide the hurt and resentment he felt from that statement. "I do." He defended. "I'm just having trouble with that trait-switching charm. Tricky little bugger, no matter how hard I concentrated the spell just wouldn't cooperate." "That's peculiar." She considered, walking a bit closer to James. "It's a fairly easy spell, I thought." "Yes, we already know that you're brilliant, Evans, no need to brag about it." James rolled his eyes. "No that's not at all what I meant, you dolt. You act it sometimes, but I know you aren't stupid. You've my only competition for years for top marks in Transfiguration." James grinned at her, glad she was keeping track of him. "What did you try to switch?" "Well, as you breezed ahead with number sixteen, I got stuck on limb #2." Lily stifled a laugh. "You couldn't even transfigure the forearm?" "God, Woman, do you even listen?" Lily glared at him viciously. "Don't you call me that." "What, is there a different pronoun you'd prefer? Would 'Sir' be better, or do you want me to jump straight to 'it' and 'they'?" Lily scowled and crossed her arms. "Merlin, Potter, you are so insufferable!" "And you have a finger that isn't yours!" Lily's eyes widened as she looked down and saw that her left ring finger was longer than her own, and painted blue. The rest of her fingers were unpolished, James noticed. "Bloody Hell, I must have forgotten to switch back limb #7 then…" Lily said a quick spell and pointed her wand at the mismatched finger. It became normal immediately, and James sulked. "Please tell me how you did that." "It's fairly simple, Potter. I do suppose I could teach you then." Lily walked over to him and James drew a breath. She pretended not to notice, but scowled to herself. Merlin, even growling she was absolutely enchanting. "Raise your wand to my eye level, we're going to try transfiguring #5." "I haven't even been able to switch a forearm yet, how am I supposed to switch your chin for mine?" "It's easier than #2, really. Just take a breath, cast your want down four inches, then jut it to the right rather abruptly, and say 'reformabit inferiore facie figure'. Maintain eye contact, and don't forget to breathe." James tried it once and nothing happened. He gave her a look, but she urged him to continue. He got the move down on his third try, and his eyes gleamed with such a childlike wonder that Lily was sure the seventeen-year-old she was teaching was actually a bright-eyed first year. She chuckled under her breath, sure James wouldn't notice. But he did, and he smiled even wider because of it. After removing the charm, they skipped to #9, transfiguring the angle of one's nose onto the other's face. It took James only two tries. They went to #3 after that, followed by #12, then #7 and #10. James mastered each, under her expert teaching, in no more than a dozen tries. "Alright, let's go back to #2 now." Lily said, satisfied with their progress. "Downward cast seven inches, diagonal flick on a 180 degree angle, and say 'reformabit regionis antebrachii'. Remember your breathing." James concentrated so hard that he didn't hear McGonagall pattering down the hallway towards them, but when he finally caught sight of her, a smile on her face so wide and proud it made his heart swell, his one-track mind became irreversibly muddled. James was so sure he must have done something wrong; his concentration had wavered, after all, and he stopped breathing. But sure enough, he looked at the figure across from him, he recognized his own forearm. He smiled in triumph, before realizing something was off. From where he stood, he could no longer see Professor McGonagall (although he knew she was around here somewhere, in a doorframe he couldn't spot). Neither could he stand at the same vantage he used to have, or look at the pride in Evans' emerald eyes. He must have gone on a wrong angle, cast too few inches, or croaked out the wrong words in the wrong tone or something, because he had done a lot more than switch their forearms. Lily and James had switched bodies.