widened at the knowing look in her eyes. It took all of his will power to not bolt out of the room. There was no way that they had figured it out, right? If Fred had showed the whole family the letters than perhaps Hermione had figured it out. He hoped not. He had come over here hoping that his secret was still safe. He braced himself and looked at Fred calmly. "Wow. That is interesting." He said lamely. He almost winced at his own stupidity. Fred and George both hummed in agreement sharing a look that Harry couldn't decipher. Oh, how he wished he could read minds. "We were just discussing who we thought it might be." Bill said with a smirk at the panic in Harry's eyes. Hermione took pity on him. "Yes, but it was all speculation. So how was your summer Harry?" She asked changing the subject. Harry could have kissed her for that. He was tempted to forgive her for not writing him just for this alone. Fred and George frowned, neither one of the liking the change of topic. Mrs. Weasley was also not impressed with the subject change. She interrupted before Harry could talk. "Harry dear have you found yourself someone? I could have sworn Sirius said something about you finding someone you liked." She said sweetly. Hermione huffed. Ron shot her an apologetic look. There was no stopping the topic now that his mother was involved. Harry was panicking. Sirius and Remus were the only ones he had told about his interest in Fred. He trusted Sirius enough to not have told her everything. It all had happened only last night. When had there been time for a conversation? Was she just saying that? Or did she really know that he liked Fred? "Oh, uh did he? I don't recall telling him anything of the sort." Harry quickly lied. "Did you know he has been shut up all summer? Yeah, he has been in his old house he grew up in. Dodgy place if you ask me. He hasn't been the happiest but the past couple weeks that I have spent there he has been okay. A lot of people go in and out of the place. Did you know"- Harry was cut off his musings by an amused Ron. "Harry, you are rambling." Harry sighed. "I know. Sorry. It's a nervous habit." He said not looking at anyone. This was not turning out to be a great morning. "Hard to break." Fred and George said at the same time. Harry nodded. "Yeah actually it-" His head snapped up and his eyes widened in horror at what he just let slip. Fuck. Oh no. They so knew that it was him. "Oh sweet Merlin." Harry breathed out before jumping out of his seat. Screw Gryffindor courage, he should have been placed in Hufflepuff. He had almost made it to the floo when he felt a hand grab a hold of his arm. Harry knew who it was before turning around. He braced himself for the rejection as he faced Fred. Fred couldn't believe it. It really was Harry. Sweet caring Harry was his secret admirer. Harry stared at his shoes, he just couldn't look into those brown eyes and see the disgust he knew would be there. Fred gently lifted Harry's chin with his fingers until Harry looked at him. Harry had to stifle a gasp at the warmth he could see. Fred could see the fear in those beautiful green eyes and it warmed him to think that Harry was afraid of rejection. He wanted to tell him exactly how he felt. He wanted to lay it all out there but staring into his eyes pulled him forward. Fred lowered his head and gently pressed his lips against Harry's. Harry was stunned. Fred was kissing him. He was actually kissing him. His surprised melted away and Harry eagerly kissed him back. Harry wrapped his arms around Fred's neck as Fred wrapped his arms around Harry's waist. Fred was in heaven, the kiss was better than he imagined. He wanted to deepen the kiss but he wanted to let Harry know exactly how he felt first. He slowly pulled away to gain his breath back. Harry was dazed from the kiss. It was amazing. Not that he had anything to compare it to, still it was wonderful. Fred smirked internally at the dazed look upon Harry's face. "I have fancied you for years Harry." Harry's eyebrows rose in shock. "You're my brother's best friend. I wasn't sure I would ever be able to tell you how I felt but George has been bugging me to do so." Harry grinned. His feelings were returned! "Those letters you sent meant a lot to me. No one has ever cared about me like that. The gift was beautiful. Thank you so much." Fred said seriously. "I was worried about telling you. I was afraid you wouldn't like me back so I hid behind the letters. I guess I am not a good actor. I couldn't pull it off." He admitted with a grin. Fred snorted before lowering his head to kiss Harry again. Harry melted into the kiss and forgot everything. He was vaguely aware of the rest of the Weasley family cheering in the background. He was going to pull away and say something to them but when Fred's tongue came out to mingle with his, he lost all rational thought. Barely heard above the cheering came George's voice. "I can't believe he didn't get me a birthday gift." HpFw-HpFw-HpFw-HpFw-HpFw- Authors Notes: What did you guys think? It was definitely a fluffy piece, for sure. I really like Fred/Harry. I wish more people would do that pairing. I rather like it. I hope that you all enjoyed this story. If you have any requests for oneshots send me an email at XxTheDarkLordxX it isn't case sensitive, so you don't have to use uppercase. -XxTheDarkLordxX