with a hand, to hide the laughter that was threatening to come out. Merlin, where had Luna been all his life? He could have used a friend like her growing up. Ginny cleared her throat, attempting to disrupt the tension in the room that was coming from Millicent's heated glare. "So the bartender is your boyfriend?" She asked with pink cheeks, no doubt remembering her lewd statements. "My husband, actually." Harry told her with a soft smile. He noticed the disbelieving looks coming from the girls, sans Luna, who had gone back to reading her magazine. "What?" He finally asked when no one said anything. "They don't believe you are telling the truth since gay marriage is currently banned throughout the country." Luna piped up, not looking at him. "Plus neither of you have rings on your fingers." "I hate when you talk for us." Cho grumbled lowly. "Then speak up and I wouldn't do it for you." Luna quipped back in such a dreamy tone that Harry wasn't sure if she was actually insulting her or being nice. Interesting. Harry spoke up before Cho could respond to Luna. He lifted a chain around his neck, showing them that he had a gold wedding band on the necklace. "Draco tends to misplace rings and we both have an easier time if our rings our around our necks." He didn't want to get into a discussion about prejudice. "We got married nine years ago in Canada." "We wanted to take the next step and we had gotten denied here when we applied for a marriage license. If we couldn't do it here, then we were going to find somewhere that would marry us." He shook his head at the memory of writing to thousands of chapels across the world. "Took ages but finally a small church in Ontario said that they would do it." Harry grinned in remembrance of their small wedding. It had just been the two of them. No one approved of their union, so they had gone alone. He shook his head to clear old memories and noticed arched brows from Millicent. He arched his own right back at her in silent question. "There is no way that the government will recognize the union." Harry nodded in agreement. "You are correct. We tried to cite that since straight marriages are still recognized if the marriage was done overseas, that so should ours." He sighed heavily. "We got denied but that is alright. Whether England recognizes our union or not, we are still married. No one will tell me otherwise." "I think that is rather brave of you." Ginny said with a starry look in her eyes. One that made Harry a little uncomfortable. He was literally telling them about his husband and she was still being flirty. He saw a not so subtle elbow to her ribs from the quiet girl Hannah. "How long have you been together?" Hannah wondered with a smile as she ignored Ginny's glare. "And how did you meet?" Harry considered telling them that it wasn't any of their business but he hadn't told their past in a really long time. Something was telling him that he would really appreciate doing so now. He lifted his hand in the air and gestured them closer, he was noticing that some of the other patrons were shooting him looks of disgust. They had probably heard his statement and they must not approve of his 'lifestyle'. He smiled when they all eagerly got up and came to his table. Ginny, Cho and Hannah squeezed into the other side of the booth across from him, while Luna and Millicent pulled up two chairs. "Picture it, London 1981, it was a dark Halloween night when my life was changed forever…" Draco peered around the open door to check on Harry and shook his head when he noticed he was surrounded by the flirty girls. His lover always attracted people to him, whether it was male or female. He wasn't in the least bit jealous. Harry was his husband and they would soon be celebrating their fifteenth anniversary, he knew Harry only had eyes for him. He smirked at the way the redhead seemed to staring at Harry's mouth. He couldn't blame her, his husband sure was a catch. He was about to turn back around when he caught wind of what Harry was talking about. His heart fluttered as his stomach filled with heat. Oh . He bit his lip as he looked back to the stack of papers on his desk. He could take them home and finish them there so that he could listen to Harry's story… or he could leave them here and do them when he got back from his days off. He sighed heavily as he locked his office door and leaned over the bar next to Neville. It was poor decisions like this that made him wonder how his bar was so successful. An evil voice in the back of his mind was telling him that he would regret not finishing the invoices, but one look to Harry's excited eyes and he knew he wouldn't be getting any more work done tonight. He smiled slightly at Neville as they both leaned forward to listen to Harry telling the story of how they met and fell in love. Sometimes Draco still marveled at how their lives had literally spiraled out of control from the moment they met. "Wait a minute!" Millicent interrupted. "Are you telling me that you are the Harry Potter?" Draco and Neville both grinned and waited to see what Harry would say. Author's Notes: There was a whole lot I wanted to say but it got deleted and I can't remember it all. Sorry. Lol. I would like to point out that Ginny is NOT Ron's sister in this story. I know, weird but I wanted it that way. I will add more notes later if the mood strikes me. -XxTheDarkLordxX