nodded. "That's what Ollivander told me. He told me that I got the last known wand of Leviathan. It cost a lot." Samuel stared at her wordlessly. Aileen narrowed her eyes at him. "What?" "Nothing, it's just..." Samuel muttered. "Wow. My daughter has a legendary wand. You really are something special, ya' know that?" "Yeah, right," Aileen brushed him off. "You're the one inventing spells that turn rocks into gold." Samuel laughed. "Don't get too dependent on that wand," he told her. "I still wanna teach you some more wandless magic once you're old enough." "Yeah, but I have to perfect regular magic before I can do that," Aileen said, thinking of her Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Crowley. "Oh, and Ross and the Potters are coming to the carnival tomorrow. I'm supposed to go with them to shop in Diagon Alley after they spend some time in the carnival. Ross offered to bring you with us." "Sounds good," Samuel replied, turning the golden rock around and smiling at it. "I've been wanting to buy you something for a long time, and I've never had the money for it until now. I want to be there to pick it out myself." "What is it?" Aileen asked excitedly. Samuel shook his head. "It's a surprise. You'll find out tomorrow." Aileen went to the kitchenette, preparing to cook one of her mother's famous Shepherd's Pies for dinner. Samuel laid back on his bed, yawning and trying not to fall asleep. The two of them stayed awake late, eating and talking about different racing broomsticks. They fell asleep around midnight, and they slept until about ten in the morning. Ross Connelly, Harry Potter, Ron and Hermione Weasley, and all of their children had arrived at the carnival at nine, and they wandered around aimlessly until Samuel and Aileen finally rolled out of bed and went to greet them. "Finally woke up, didja?" Ross said to Samuel. "About time." "Yeah, yeah," Samuel replied. Harry, Ron, Hermione, George, and Ginny were giving their children instructions and handing out Sickles and Knuts for them to spend. Afterwards, Maxwell, Albus, James, Fred, and Rose all darted up to Aileen. "This place is amazing!" Rose exclaimed. "You actually live here, Aileen?" "Wow, you're lucky," Albus commented. "My dad brings me here whenever he has to go on a long trip," Maxwell told them. "I can show you where everything is. Let's go to the candy stand!" "Yeah, this place is okay," James shrugged. "I've seen better." "No you haven't," Fred replied. "Come on. I'm hungry. I'm with Max - let's have candy for lunch." And without warning, Aileen found herself giving the Potters and Weasleys the grand tour of the O'Heidin Carnival. She and Maxwell took turns showing off the attractions before they finally reached the candy stand, and James was disappointed to see that there were no Bertie Botts Every Flavored Beans or Chocolate Frogs. Instead, they got to choose from cotton candies, popcorn, and various kinds of muggle chocolates. "M&M's?" Fred questioned, staring at his cup of multicolored chocolate circles. "What in the bloody hell..." Aileen took everyone to ride the ferris wheel - and she was delighted to see that James was afraid of heights. She and Fred continued to poke fun at him until they stepped off of the ride. They shook the cart around as much as they could, and James had gone so pale they halfway expected him to fall victim to a heart attack. The adults watched their children from a distance. Samuel and Ross stood side by side, like they often did. Ross' gigantic body wasn't covered in an overcoat or a robe like usual; today, he wore only a tank top and a pair of baggy muggle pants. He looked completely different from the Potters and Weasleys, and standing beside Samuel, one would have never guessed that the two of them were long-time friends. Ross had easily twice as much body mass as Samuel, and he looked like he couldn't care less what he was wearing, while Samuel wore his clean-cut overcoat and his pinstriped suit, looking far too stylish for the profession he had. His nails had segments of black nail polish on them, most of which had chipped off, and one of his ears flashed a silvery Deathly Hallows earring. "So, how're you doing?" Ross asked him. Samuel didn't reply for nearly a full minute. "Same old. Getting by," he told Ross. "And you?" "Aye. Pretty much the same," Ross said. "Been working with Harry a lot, trying to find that Xyler fella. And Valefor, too. His niece, Mar'Ilan... she's not giving up any information on her uncle, so... the search is slow-going." "As long as my daughter doesn't end up in danger again, I couldn't care less about those tossers," Samuel replied. "Just make sure that nobody can get into Hogwarts again. That's all I ask. The kids need to be safe when they're off at school." "You don't have to worry about that. Zander and Trocar have been refortifying the school," Ross told him. "No more animagus invasions, and no more boggarts." "Good," Samuel said. The children darted up to their parents, and James was complaining that everyone was picking on him, to which Harry replied; "I expect you know how it feels when you do it to other people now, don't you?" This made Fred and Aileen laugh even harder. It wasn't long before their short vacation in the O'Heidin Carnival ended, and the adults decided it was time to leave for Diagon Alley. Before they apparated off to London, Samuel kelt beside Aileen and whispered into her ear. "Don't tell anyone about this," Samuel said faintly, flashing the gold rock and pocketing it. "These kind of spells are illegal." Aileen giggled. "I won't." Ross grabbed Samuel by the arm, and Samuel took his daughter's hand. The Potters and Weasleys joined hands and prepared for the apparation, and off they went. Crack.