steady to his hips with bruising force, gasping for air, her cries becoming more frantic. "Oh—yes… Severus !" She fell apart then, drawing out the 's' in his name as her body quaked around him. He didn't relent, allowing her to draw out her orgasm for as long as possible. Three more thrusts and he too was ready for release. Clenching his eyes shut, he came, her name tumbling from his lips on a groan. " Her-mi-one ." When at last he was spent, Severus rolled to the side, falling onto his back next to her. They were both breathing heavily, their panting the only sounds in the quiet room. Neither said a word as their heated skin cooled and their heart rates returned to normal. Afraid to ruin the moment, Hermione turned onto her side, facing Severus. Tentatively she reached out, trailing her fingertips over the naked skin of his arm, wondering when he'd taken his shirt off. He inhaled deeply, and suddenly she was afraid he regretted what just happened. His head rolled so he could look at her, his dark eyes observing her intensely. "Severus—" "Shhh," he whispered, rolling to face her as well. He pulled her against his chest, tucking her head underneath his chin. "Sleep now." She nodded, curling her body around his and enjoying the possessive way he wrapped his arms around her. Sighing with contentment, her earlier terrors and worries faded away until all she was aware of was his deep, even breathing and the beating of his heart. She was just slipping off to sleep when she felt him place a gentle kiss upon her curls. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . He found her on the balcony the next morning, wearing nothing but her t-shirt and sipping a cup of tea. The sun was still a good half an hour from rising, so there was a gloominess about the small town. Standing in the doorway, Severus could smell rain on the breeze, the threat of a storm imminent. He watched her silently for a while, not wishing to disturb her even though he knew she was aware of his presence. Finally, as the sun was beginning to brighten the sky, he swallowed and asked the question that was heavy on his mind. "Hermione," he began, his voice deep from sleep and last night's activities. "What were you thinking, leaving everything behind and coming here of all places?" She laughed softly, tipping her head backward, causing her curls to cascade down her back. Setting her teacup gently on the wooden railing, she turned and faced him, a sad smile playing on her kiss-swollen lips. Walking forward, she stopped in front of him, lifting her hand to trace the contours of his face. Cupping his cheek, she sighed heavily, unsure exactly how to explain her myriad of emotions. "I can't explain my thought process, Severus," she murmured, dropping her hand. "I can't explain why I did it, except that I felt invisible." Here, her voice broke, and she struggled to get herself under control. "There were so many expectations I had to adhere to, so many obligations—I just couldn't stand it anymore. No one saw me for me —they only saw Hermione Granger, War Heroine…I couldn't do it anymore, so I left." Shrugging, she ignored the tears threatening to fall from her eyes. "And I found you…and now I don't know if I'll ever go back." He could understand the first part—if he ever returned, he would forever be looked at as the man who killed Albus Dumbledore, regardless that it was all part of a well-calculated plan. Glancing around the small space, he couldn't help but wonder why she was still here, with him of all the people in the world. How could she want him after everything he had done? All the blood that was on his hands, staining them red despite the fact they remained clear. Reaching out, he took hold of her chin and forced her to look him in the eye. "Tell me why, Hermione—why me? How can you be with me after it all? Do I not remind you of the war, the horror we all were forced to endure?" "No," she said, the words ghosting between them. "You misunderstand—that's exactly why I am here with you." She placed her own hand over where his was still holding her face, feeling his skin warm to her touch. "You remind me of it all, and because of that, you remind me of who I truly am. Severus, don't you see it? You set me free ." Not waiting another instant, he pulled her into his body, lips crashing down onto hers with bruising force. Her hands snaked up to wrap around his neck at the same time she hopped into his arms. He was prepared, holding her securely in his arms as they continued to kiss feverishly. Never breaking their kiss, he carried Hermione into the room before gently laying her down on the bed. She was the one to pull back, but only long enough to remove her t-shirt and divest him of the boxers he'd put on upon waking. Once they were both naked once more, she took his hand and tugged him down on top of her body. Hands roamed everywhere, memorizing the details of their bodies. They carried on touching, kissing, and teasing until both were dizzy with desire. Hermione smoothed Severus's hair from his face, wanting to see him clearly as he entered her heated core. Their eyes connected as he moved inside of her, a whimper leaving Hermione's lips. He kissed her then, tenderly, so that she knew he was feeling exactly as she was in this moment. Sighing into the kiss, Hermione decided that despite all the uncertainty that lay ahead for her, she was done with running. Right here… right now …with Severus, she'd found everything she needed to be free.