plan." "No." Marlene gets in another good kick. "The plan, Lily. The plan." "I don't think I can do it." She decides against kicking her again and settles on playfully (read: painfully) hitting her arm. "Woman up, Evans. It's time to face the music." "Fine." Lily stands tall and resolute. Marlene wonders if she can get a camera fast enough to capture what's about to go down. The two girls head back to class. Two more classes later and they're done for the day. Drawing out the process means that Lily's butterflies and nerves triple and then triple again when she's actually faced with the prospect of snogging James Potter. Holy shit. She's really going to do this. Marlene tells her that Potter and his friends are currently en route to the common room and if they wanted less of an audience, then she better get her ass up to the Charms corridor. "OI POTTER!" Lily's voice rings out, stopping everyone, including the man in question, who swings around, straight faced. "WHAT, EVANS?" "I'M WANNA SNOG YOUR FACE OFF!" "SO DO I!" "THANK BLOODY MERLIN FOR THAT!" No more than thirty minutes later, everyone in the school gathers in the Great Hall, hours before dinner time. Money changes more hands than anyone can keep track of and the noise of the hall is louder than the welcoming feast. James and Lily sit side by side at the Gryffindor table. She's red faced and looking everywhere except the man sitting next to her, while he is just as red faced and grinning like a mad man. Everyone sees them holding hands under the table. Professor Dumbledore stands and clears his throat. "I'm sure not too many of you are wondering why we're having this assembly. It would stand to reason that we need to revisit some rules of the school. First, however, I would like to congratulate Miss Evans and Mr. Potter on their new relationship and thank them for helping me win ten galleons from Professor Slughorn." Lily groans and buries her face in her currently unoccupied arm. Everyone one else laughs, while several other winners cheer. "On that note however, we must remind all students that romantic relations are not appropriate in the corridors or classrooms. Please refrain from such activity until you are in private. This is also a reminder that the Amorous Monitors are active in the entire school and will deliver a surprise in case you decide to test their limits. "Our next reminder is specifically for Misters Black, Lupin and Pettigrew, but also applies to the whole school. It is inappropriate to hand buttons to the first years that flash 'Evans and Potter are doing it' though I would like to commend you on your spell work." Sirius stands and bows, grinning with all the laughter as he takes his seat. Beside him, Peter flushes a bright red, but laughs with everyone else, while Remus merely grins mischievously at Lily who is giving him a death glare. Dumbledore continues. "I hope future romantic relationships are a bit quieter and less disruptive when they begin. And once again, congratulations to Miss Evans and Mr. Potter. You are all dismissed." Everyone files out, laughing and good natured. Several people come up to them, patting James on the back for finally getting the girl while other ask Lily what finally made her change her mind. The black haired man eats up the attention, telling everyone that he knew it would work out one day, while his red headed girlfriend ignores everyone. Finally, though, even the Marauders file out, Lily and Marlene newly added to the group. James hasn't let go of Lily's hand since they snogged in the corridor, like he's not sure he can believe what's happening. She just leans into him, trying to hide her blush. They barely make it out of the Great Hall before they run into Professor McGonagall. "Mr. Black, Mr. Lupin, and Mr. Pettigrew. I certainly hope that you will be cleaning up those buttons before classes start tomorrow morning." "Of course, Minnie, dearest," Sirius flourishes. "Anything for you." "And Miss Evans, Mr. Potter, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that both rooms of the Head Dorm also have an Amorous Monitor that I should hope never goes off." Both parts of the couple flush a deep red that leaves their friends busting a gut. Even McGonagall's mouth twitches up into a smile. "And congratulations. Like Professor Dumbledore, I was the lucky winner against Professor States." With that she walks away, leaving the new couple a red the rivals Lily's hair and four friends panting for breath. "Even McGonagall! Priceless! I can't wait to tell your kids about this," Sirius jokes, wiping a tear from his eye. "The looks on your faces." "We don't have kids yet, Sirius," Lily states, pushing the other boy aside to head back to her dorm, James in hand. However, Marlene latches onto the damning part of that sentence. "So that means we can expect some coming along soon?" "No! I'm just saying we don't have kids that Sirius can talk to right now." "So there's hope for the future then! Prongs, you may very well get laid yet!" James accepts his best friend's high five with a laugh. Lily groans and questions why she thought she liked him in the first place. "There's no backing out of it now," Remus tells her. "Better just accept it." "Yeah, I knew when I got him I got the whole lot of you." "Of course you did!" Sirius interjects. "It's like a multi-person relationship! Even Marlene can be included!" "No, thank you. I'll leave the weirdness to just you five," the other woman quickly rejects. The group walks away, still laughing and joking with one another. Through it all, and later, all through dinner and back up to their dorm room, James never lets go of Lily's hand and she doesn't try to pull away.