is your magical guardian. If your parents suggested other guardians in their wills, then Lemon Sucker neglecting their choices is illegal. He's also had their wills sealed, so no one else can hear them. Your best bet right now would be to get to Gringotts when you can, and have the wills unsealed yourself. As their son, Lemon Sucker or not, you can do so. Jade Knight July 17 Jade Knight, So Lemon Sucker's my magical guardian, huh? I know we were guessing that, but it's still surprising to know it's true. I can't believe he didn't even bother to tell me. I don't know when exactly I'll be able to get to Gringotts, considering where I am right now, but I appreciate you looking into this for me. Raven Serpent July 18 Raven Serpent, I've been reading up on lots of Pureblood related stuff lately (Gran's orders), because I'll be of age in a year, and I came across something I thought would both interest and help you. All the old, influential Pureblood families have what are called Lordships (Ladyships). If you're the child of one, then you're an Heir. Silver Dragon is an Heir, his father, Platinum Pride, a Lord. I'm an Heir, and since dad's incapable, Gran is Lady. Maroon King's family isn't all that old, nor is it very influential, so they don't have Lords. Your family does. You are currently Heir. If there is no current Lord or Lady, an Heir can legally claim the title at fourteen years old. This means that you, at nearly sixteen, can claim the title of Lord at any time. Accepting your Lordship means you're at the head of the Family, meaning even if you aren't actually of age, you are considered as such by law, of age, I mean. If you accept your Lordship, you won't need a magical guardian any more, which means you will legally be able to leave your relatives' house, and no one could force you to go back. Ever. Try to accept your Lordship as soon as you can. I think that would be best. Almond Badger July 20 Almond Badger, That is some fantastic information. I'm trapped here for right now, because of the trackers Lemon Sucker's got on me, but I'll be sure to get to Gringotts the moment I can. Jade Knight wishes for me to do the same for my parents' wills. Thanks for the info. Raven Serpent July 19 Raven Serpent, I'm supposed to be taking care of you, kiddo, not the other way around. And I'm not moping! But I promise to eat and cut back on the drinking anyway, okay? You doing alright over there? Slate Lupus July 20 Slate Lupus, I can't help it that you're more childish than me sometimes. But anyway, we need to find a way to get your status cleared. We all want you free, but everyone knows Lemon Sucker isn't going to do anything about it. It's actually a good thing they think you're dead right now. Maybe we can give him a heart attack when he finds out you aren't. Wouldn't that be nice? And I'm fine. Don't worry about me. Raven Serpent July 20 Order, Alive. HP July 22 Raven Serpent, I haven't been able to find how exactly they can be destroyed yet, but I've read that when the Horcrux is destroyed, that is to say, the container is destroyed, the soul piece within does indeed return to join with the original soul. Knowing this, it's safe to say that there's a good chance that since half of his soul must have rejoined him by now, Crimson Phantom might actually be sane right now. He won't be 100% sane, considering we don't really know how many times he split his soul in the first place, but he shouldn't be 100% insane any more either, now that he has at least more than half of his soul back in his body. Violet Mist July 23 Order, Alive. HP July 23 Violet Mist, I'm thinking of starting up some sort of correspondence with Crimson Phantom. As Raven, obviously. If what you read is true, even if he's not completely sane yet, he shouldn't be fully insane either, which means he might at least listen to what I've got to say, right? Raven Ser- July 25 Raven? Is everything okay? I never got a reply to my last letter. VM July 26 Order, Alive. HP July 28 Come on, Raven, answer! This isn't normal and you're starting to scare me. VM July 28 I know it isn't like you to joke like this, Raven, but Violet's terrified, so if you can get a response to one of us, do it, yeah? MK July 28 What's going on over there, kiddo? It isn't like you to not reply to letters. Violet's freaking out here. Those bastards didn't hurt you, did they? SL July 29 O, Alive. H July 30 This isn't funny, Raven! VM July 30 Okay, now I'm starting to get worried. Our messenger is giving you our letters, but he isn't getting anything back from you. MK July 31 Come on, Pup, just let me know you're okay... SL July 31 Alive. H Okay, so no, you haven't missed a prequel or anything. This is how it starts. If you've figured out who Raven Serpent is, which you should have, then you should also have figured out why the dates of the letters are as they are. If you're still confused about it, let me know. I didn't want the names to be too complicated to guess, which is why most are simple enough, and the couple that I thought might be a bit harder, I added a hint in their letter. Um, chapter lengths will vary, and I don't know when the next one will be up, but I do promise that it will have actual people in it, rather than just letters. Looking forward to reviews! Laterz!