older than a teenager, was covered in blood. The old man couldn't bring his eyes down to look at her body, but he could guess she was naked from all of the clothes strewn about. She was also covered in a bunch of cuts and bruises. He crossed himself and backed up. Harold wanted nothing to do with this, nope. This kind of thing would get an old beggar like him in trouble…but still, should he tell an auror where the body was? Wouldn't they ask questions then? He would be fined for digging through the garbage to say the least. And if they thought he was involved…? He heard a soft moan. The beggar glanced down at the girl's face. Her eyelashes fluttered slightly and she made the painful noise again, wrenching at his heart. "My God," he whispered, "you're still alive." Molly Weasley sat at her sons' table worriedly, her hands folded in her lap. Fred or George, she wasn't sure which, tried to offer her some food but she felt too sick to eat. She had already tried praying, for an hour she had sat there and prayed, something she rarely did, but still she got no answers. Her daughter was missing. Her precious baby girl. Arthur, Fred, George, and Ron—all had been out in the streets searching for her little girl. They had turned up nothing. They had filed a missing person's report with the aurors but had yet to hear back. They had even flooed all of their friends in the vain hopes that Ginny would have run away for whatever reason. Nothing. Everything they tried led to dead ends. She had never felt so helpless in her entire life. Molly bent her head and began to pray again. There was a knock at the door. They all scrambled to their feet and raced for it at once. Arthur reached it first, yanking it open so the handle came off in his hands. "Hey!" Fred complained. "You better pay for that." Her husband's sharp glance at their son made him quickly shut his mouth. At the door stood one of the Ministry officers that patrolled the streets keeping order. Molly remembered speaking to the young man earlier when he questioned her as to where her daughter may be. He had a grave look on his youthful, inexperienced face. "Miss Weasley, Mister Weasley, you need to come with me to St. Mungo's immediately." "St. Mungo's?" "Did you find her?" "Was she hurt?" Molly pushed past her three sons and husband and grabbed the boy's collar. " Where is my daughter?! " His face looked shocked at her tight grip. "At St. Mungo's, ma'am. A beggar found her and brought her there. He…she…she's been…" " What ?! She's been what ?! Spit it out!" He gulped. "Raped, ma'am." Ron felt numb as he stood in the hospital, staring at his little sister's lifeless body. They hadn't been allowed to see her for hours while the mediwitches and wizards tried to save her from death. They said after her attackers raped and beat her they cast Sectumsempra on her and left her in the trash to die. The doctors had healed all they could, however they couldn't get rid of the deep gashes the spell had left behind. They said that because the wounds hadn't been treated immediately with dittany, they would leave horrible scars. Ron thought of his father's reaction. The anguish in his voice as he yelled at the doctors. "You mean she's going to have a constant reminder of what…of what those men did to her?!" "Yes, sir, we're sorry. There is nothing more we can do." Ron rubbed his forehead tiredly. His little sister slept on; she had been unconscious for hours. The doctors believed she would wake up soon. Ron remembered what the doctors said when he and his family rushed in to St. Mungo's looking for her. A mediwitch approached them stiffly, holding a bunch of papers under her arm. "Mister and Misses Weasley, please, come with me. You'll have to sign these forms granting your permission to do a routine rape procedure on your daughter." She handed them the forms as they paced down the hallway, towards Ginny's room he assumed. "A what?" Molly Weasley looked confused. The nurse was patient. "When a rape victim comes into our hospital, we do a procedure, with their permission, to gather evidence of the rape for a trial. We also prevent the victim from getting diseases or becoming pregnant. However, because your daughter is underage and unconscious, you have to sign these forms granting permission to do so. You can, of course, refuse, but we highly recommend it." "What do these procedures include?" His father asked warily. "We do a test of any spells that were cast on her or that she cast in the past 24 hours. Also, we take photographs for evidence." " Photographs ?" Arthur looked appalled. "If there is a trial there has to be evidence of what was done to her. It is standard-" Arthur stuck his face in the mediwitch's, their noses touching. " You mean other people are going to see what happened to her ?! Do you have any idea…the humiliation…" He seemed unable to speak in his anger. "That is what I mean, sir." They stared at each other for a long time, Arthur's face filled with ill-contained rage, the nurse's cold and blank. Like she was used to this reaction. "Do it." He finally relented. The nurse nodded and headed off to tell the doctors trying to save Ginny, or so Ron guessed. And now here he stood, staring at his sister's sleeping face. It didn't look right. Usually she was so alive, so vibrant and happy. To see her lying on this hospital bed, her face pale and what he could see of her body covered in wounds…it was just…wrong. But he knew somehow it would be even worse once she woke up.