spawned a series of fireballs, tossing them about and dancing between the flames as his show carried on, strings of fire following each of his fingertips as he moved with his posse of female dancers, making him appear as elegant as he was powerful. None of the muggles were aware of the magic in the show; most of them would think that it was a trick, preformed with matches or mirrors. None of them knew that this magic trick was, indeed, a show preformed with wizardry. Aileen wondered how many of these amazing tricks she would learn at Hogwarts. On the day of Ross and Maxwell's arrival to her home, Aileen was forced to crawl out of bed far too early. A loud, earsplitting crack penetrated the air, followed by a bombardment of fast, hard knocks slamming into the door. It was about five am when this happened, and it succeeded in waking Samuel, Melody, and Aileen all at once. Samuel was the first to reach the door. When he slung it open, he glared irritably into Ross Connelly's face, which hovered about a foot and a half over his own. Ross was a man of enormous stature, with a wide smile spread across his face and a dark beard slithering along each side of his jaw. His son, Maxwell, was standing tiredly by his father's side, rubbing his eyes and yawning just as Aileen was. "You told me to come early, didn't 'cha?" Ross laughed. Samuel blinked. "Aye, I did, but I didn't mean before sunrise." "Is your little one ready?" Ross asked, peeking around Samuel's shoulder and seeing Aileen, sitting on her bed and half awake. "Give her a moment to wake up," Samuel told him. "And, I've gotta grab her money, give me a second..." Samuel went to the cabinet beside the sink and began searching through the books, jars, and artifacts inside. "You sure you don't want me to pitch in?" Ross suggested. "I've got plenty of Galleons saved up." "I've got my own." Samuel pulled a tiny velvet sack of coins out from behind the majority of the cabinet's contents. "Been saving them for just this occasion." Samuel crossed the house and handed the bag to Aileen. "Those are all my savings from this last year. I had the muggle currency converted," he told her. "It ain't a lot, but it should get you everything you need for school, and you'll probably have a few Sickles left over. Hold onto them. You might need them throughout the year." "Thanks," Aileen said. "C'mon." Samuel pulled her to her feet, and he and Melody took turns hugging her before she grabbed her trunk and headed for the door. "Aileen," Maxwell smiled, his round, boyish face imprinted with dimples and his scraggly brown hair dangling partially over his emerald eyes. "It's good to see you." Aileen simply nodded at him, still feeling too tired to talk. It had been nearly a year since Ross and Maxwell had visited the carnival, but to Aileen, it felt like hardly any time had gone by. It seemed like only yesterday when Ross was trailing behind Maxwell and Aileen as Maxwell practically dragged her to the Halloween-themed haunted house attraction. "We love you, sweetheart," Melody said, wearing a sad smile. "Don't get in too much trouble, hothead," Samuel added. Aileen turned to face them, and when she did, she didn't only focus on their faces, but also the interior of her home - the two beds, the overflowing clothes hamper, the pictures and paintings along the wall, some of them featuring family photos and others portraying beautiful scenery of mountains or oceansides. The spoons, pans, and knives hanging from the nails above the kitchen sink were barely moving as the wind from the window grazed over them, and the home was lit only by what few candles were placed on the counters and headboards. It was a comfortable, quaint little home, and for the first time ever, she was about to leave it for almost a whole year. "Bye, Mr. and Mrs. O'Heidin," Maxwell said, waving to both of Aileen's parents. "Seeya later, kiddo. You two look after each other, aye?" Samuel replied. Aileen stood on Ross' other side, and he wrapped both of his meaty hands around each of the children's arms. "Hold onto your trunk." Samuel instructed. "And brace yourself." "For what?" Aileen wondered, though less than a second later, her question would be answered. Crack. In a flash, Ross, Maxwell, and Aileen disappeared from the doorway of the house. It was as if the entire world had been ripped apart and reconstructed in a millisecond before Aileen's eyes; her stomach jolted, her head spinning as a headache swept over her out of seemingly nowhere. In front of her were a few witches and wizards, not as many as would be visible during the middle of the day, heading up and down Diagon Alley, carrying bags, dressed in robes of varying colors and designs, and many of them sporting pointy hats. Down this narrow street were numerous shops of many sizes and shapes, and Aileen might have marveled at the sight of it if she wasn't fighting down the urge to vomit. "What just happened?" Aileen asked Ross. "Where are we?" "London," Ross told her with a smirk. Aileen squinted up at him. "London? Seriously? How did we end up in London so fast?" "Apparation, o'course," Ross answered. "That's a little trick you'll learn once you're out of school. Just relax a second, get your bearings, and then we'll start our shopping." Maxwell's smile had broadened into an ear-to-ear grin as he observed Diagon Alley. Aileen, as usual, was trying to mask over her feelings. She tried not to appear as sick as she felt, and she hid the fact that she was just as captivated by Diagon Alley as Maxwell, perhaps even more so. It certainly wouldn't be the most exciting thing to happen to the young wizards today.