eyes were narrowed and her breath labored as she stared him down with obvious anger. "Leave. Me. Alone." she spat, each word was emphasised by one manicured finger, which she poked in Draco's chest with force. "What do you want from me?" she then started, her finger still poking the same spot and Draco had to wince now. "Just leave me alone, I mean you come here every day and you don't even work here and you come by my office and comment on every little thing and it drives me barmy, alright, I just can't." She looked miserable and Draco felt suddenly bad because he had obviously failed completely. "Granger, listen," Draco started but she shook her head wildly, curls flying around and hitting the blond in the cheek. She stepped back, tears gathering in her eyes and that's when Draco panicked. "We aren't kids anymore, Draco," she started to hiccup, her cheeks splotchy and red. "Why do you hate me so much?" "Hate you? I'm in love with you, you stupid bint!" Draco froze, his eyes going wide as he realised what he had just screamed in her face. She was still hiccuping looking at him with equal shock. "What?" she whispered subdued but Draco had already pushed past her. "I have to go," he mumbled and dashed out of her office. The door fell shut and Hermione stared at it in utter confusion. He was what? Her younger, bossy voice sounded suddenly in her head and she could hear herself lecturing a crying Ginny that boys were stupid because they think they have to be mean to get the girl's attention. "They will tease you and be mean to you, Gin but that only means that they like you and are too embarrassed to outright tell you." "Bloody hell," Hermione cursed and run out of her office. She thought she must look like a mess because people were staring at her as she ran past them. She, who always was calm and collected, was running through the Ministry of Magic like a lunatic with red, tear-streaked eyes while she gulped air in her lungs with heavy breaths because it's not like she was one for sports . When she reached the lifts she debated what to do but the Atrium would probably be the best option. Stepping into the lift, she earned a few more concerned glances and her nervous behaviour all the way to the Atrium wasn't helping. As soon as they arrived, she pushed her co-workers aside and ran into the full Atrium. Looking for white-blond hair had normally never been a problem, she had learned to spot Draco in a crowd by Second Year but today, this skill was obviously betraying her. 10 minutes later, Ministry of Magic She was pacing Harry's office with Harry and Ron staring at her. They didn't know what they should do as they watched her friend walking up and down. "I mean he comes here every day and now this. This was a joke, right? He's joking with me, right?" Hermione raved, pulling her hair. "Not really," Ron told her. "Everyone knew why he came here every day." "Yes, because he was invited to all the meetings as an investor. That's why he came her every day." "Ehh," Harry began, "actually, he wasn't." "What?" Hermione stopped to stare at him. "He wasn't officially invited. People just let him be there because he brought checks and all. He really just came here because of you," Harry confessed sheepishly. "You knew ! And you didn't tell me?" Hermione shouted and Harry jerked back. "We only realised it ourselves recently. You always complained about him and we just...we didn't want to get in the middle." "What if he doesn't come back?" Hermione wondered nervously. "What if he has given up now?" "So, you are interested?" Ron asked suddenly and Hermione looked up. "I guess, I don't know," she admitted. "I have to think about it and I need to cancel that date my Mom set up." "Don't worry, he came here every day. I'm sure he will return tomorrow." Ron waved her off and Hermione hoped that he was right. the next day, Ministry of Magic "He didn't come." she whined the next day, once again in Harry's office. "So, go to him." Harry just answered sighing. one hours later, Malfoy Manor Hermione buried her hands in his hair as she continued to kiss him fiercely. Draco's hands dug into her hips as he stumbled backwards with her in his arms. "I'm so glad you changed your mind." He murmured in between kisses, his fingers tangled in her curls. "Shut up." She replied, pushing him further back until he hit the wall with a groan. less than one year later, their apartment "You know, I had intended to give you a speech," Draco told her as he leaned back in the couch and put his feet up on the coffee table. "What speech?" Hermione asked while she tugged her feet beneath his thighs, wriggling them until she was comfortable. She looked up from the book in her lap. "When I tried to tell you what I feel about you. I had a speech, which I worked for weeks on." Draco admitted looking at the calendar and the 14th on it. "I promised myself to tell you by Valentine's Day but then I overheard you talking about a date." "Was it a good speech?" Hermione asked smiling. Draco shrugged. "I probably would have insulted you more than complimented." "Then it's probably better that you didn't get to tell it to me." the brunette witch chuckled before he pulled her feet back to crawl over to where Draco was sitting. "What makes you say that? I'm always charming." Draco was offended and frowned but then he grinned as Hermione started to kiss his cheek. "Sure, so charming." Hermione grinned and Draco laughed before he turned his head, capturing her lips in a kiss.