of a family that was a Voldemort supporter. "Do you remember anything from your life?" he asked carefully, his voice almost soothing and tender, "Who did raise you? Were you told you were a witch? What happened to you? Did Grindelwald attack you?" "I..." she looked at him again. This was the time to decide, if she would go along with his story, or attack him and leave. It was difficult to decide. But it seemed unreasonable to attack him in the train, and she didn't know what was all this about and was somewhat curious. "I want to know why you think I am their daughter," she said sternly, taking a defensive stance, "Yes, sure, your tracking charm showed at me, but do you think that alone was enough to come to a conclusion about my parentage." This kind of response clearly surprised the man. As if, he was waiting for the girl to completely agree with him and surrender, believing his every word. He pulled his brown trench-coat closer to him and that didn't escape Hermione's attention. She recognized the coat as a sort of uniform to be worn by Aurors. So, he wasn't lying at least about this one. "I see you are pretty intelligent," he noted cheerfully all of a sudden, "I must admit, it was foolish of me to have another opinion of Athena's daughter. You actually look so much like your mother." "I hope the possible physical similarity was not the reason for you to jump to the conclusion that I am the daughter of said Mrs. Selwyn, Mr. Scorch." she quickly retorted. "Of course not!" he chuckled lightheartedly, "that was only a careful observation. Before coming to seek you, as I said, I contacted your parents and we decided to take precautions ." She narrowed her eyes on him. "What do you mean?" "Well, while you were unconscious, Ms. Selwyn, I asked the healer to perform a paternity test, which fully confirmed the fact that you are the daughter of Athena and Cassius Selwyn," he handed her a piece of document. Hermione carefully observed it. It couldn't have been made up. She knew how this worked from her potions class and the fact that the document stated whatever the man said, perplexed her to no end. She slowly turned the paper back to him and the man returned it to his case. "I suppose that settled everything for you," he said searching through her features, "Now, I guess you can answer some questions and solve the mystery for me of how you were hidden." "I don't know," she started carefully, "I was raised by muggles. My parents were Jean and Hugo Grangers." "Were?" the man looked at her narrowing his eyes. "Yes!" she decided to lie, "they are dead now." "I am sorry," he mumbled, "I guess, it is the right time then for you to return to a family, when you lost the one that raised you. But the question of how you learnt you were a witch still remains. Did you get a letter from Hogwarts or Beaxbatons?" "I never got a letter," she mumbled looking away from the man. She wasn't sure of how much she could lie to keep her parents and herself safe, "I was told I am a witch when accidental magic was occurring around me and my parents were concerned." "Who told you, you were a witch?" "My neighbour," she quickly answered, "Ms. Thompson." The familiarity of the name made the man cringe. Hermione decided that would solve her problem but at the same time she was scared he would suspect something. They would sooner or later discover, she went to Hogwarts. Livius Selwyn knew her. She wasn't sure about who Cassius and Athena were. Maybe some other relatives, she wasn't familiar with, who weren't Death Eaters. The thought gave her hope. After all, the document indicated that she was their daughter. It was shocking and strange at the same time. She wasn't sure how to react. The memory of her dead friends were still lingering in the surface of her mind. "So, she told you, you were a witch and gave you a wand?" he asked somewhat suspicious. "She told me she is a witch and it is a secret and I shouldn't tell my parents or anyone," Hermione answered, "Soon, I met other witches and wizards of my age who were home schooled and I studied with them." "I still can't understand what happened to you," he said thoughtfully, "why did Ms. Thompson did that to you?" "I don't know" she said tentatively. "Were you attacked by Grindelwald's people?" he asked. "I don't want to speak about it," she said frustrated. "I understand Ms. Selwyn," he mumbled leaned forward and patting her arm, "I am sure, it is something you don't want to remember or think about. I hope you will recover soon. It's safe for you in Britain with your family." She didn't answer to that. Her mind was still busy trying to sort things out. She didn't know what was going on. She needed time and plan to save those who got captured by the Death Eaters. The train was peacefully moving forward as if nothing had happened. She remembered the first day she stepped into this train. That seemed so long ago. * I attached Second chapter to the first one as they seemed to fit together more. * My next update will be soon and I want to let you know that soon I will publish a super funny and illogical Dramione story. (A very nontraditional one ;) ) * This note will be deleted soon, as I cant post notes as a chapter. Just wanted to let everyone know that my first and second chapter had corrections and they were added to each other. * if you have any suggestions and noticed any mistakes let me know. If you have any opinions on the pacing, characters let me know.