Narcissa explained, her voice full of cheer. "I thought they might be a fun dessert for us tonight. I've bought peppermint chocolate and specialty made marshmallows." As she talked she handed out the ingredients to those around her. Sharing a confused look with his father, Draco took what was given to him and waited for further instructions. "This is a lovely idea, Narcissa," Hermione chirped, happily sticking her marshmallow to the end of a metal rod created especially for roasting food items over a fire. She handed the rod to Lucius and then slid out of the way, indicating that he should come forward and cook his treat. "Could someone else do this…," he began to protest but was stopped by a narrow-eyed look from his wife. Snapping his mouth closed, he stepped forward and stuck the marshmallow into the fireplace. Narcissa beamed up at him before preparing the graham crackers and chocolate for when he was finished. "What do I do now?" "You just watch it and wait for it to be toasted to the right amount of burnt-ness." Hermione shrugged up at her future father-in-law, a smile tugging at her lips. His eyes narrowed at his marshmallow, almost as if he were trying to calculate how long it would take. All of a sudden, the marshmallow burst into flame, the fire engulfing the entire morsel. Lucius yelped, tossing aside the rod. The others watched in horror as the flaming marshmallow landed on the floor in the middle of the expensive carpeting. Draco jumped to his feet as it began to singe a hole through the flooring. Narcissa dropped the chocolate she held, grabbing for her wand. She sent a stream of water at the fire, dousing it quickly, but the damage was done. "Now, you've gone and ruined the whole thing," Narcissa sighed sadly as she met her husband's wide eyes. She then perched herself on the edge of a chair and turned her face away from everyone. Hermione gingerly rose from the floor, slipping her hand quietly into Draco's. He squeezed it reassuringly as his father went to the drinks cart and poured himself another tumbler of firewhiskey. Taking a sip, he met Draco's penetrating stare, and was surprised to find regret in the grey orbs. "Perhaps, we should go?" Draco didn't want to leave like this; he wanted the night to be perfect, just as he suspected his parents did. Lucius nodded his reply, turning and vacating the room. Narcissa said nothing, continuing to stare into the fire. Standing, Draco led Hermione towards the doorway. Stopping him, Hermione tucked a stray curl behind her ear. "Merry Christmas, Narcissa. Thank you for the beautiful evening, even if it didn't quite turn out the way we all had planned." Then, she allowed Draco to tug her out into the hall and toward the front entrance. He noticed her tears had returned as he was helping her into her jacket. After making sure she was bundled against the cold of the outside, he pulled her close and kissed her gently on the lips. Her breath hitched as she tried to control her emotions, her words quiet and full of sorrow when she spoke. "This was a bad idea, Draco…get me out of here, please." Kissing the tip of her nose, he whispered, "Anything for you, my love." Looping his arm through hers, he reached for the door with his other hand. However, he was stopped by the clearing of a throat. The couple turned toward the sound, both surprised to find Lucius and Narcissa standing there. The older couple looked more distraught than Hermione even, so when the former stepped forward, Hermione instinctively snuggled closer into Draco's arms. "Ms. Granger, I do want to apologize for the way this evening has panned out. It was not our intention to offend or make you feel anything less than welcome." He reached out, his hand taking hers and bringing it to his lips where he kissed her knuckles. "Please, forgive us our transgressions." Hermione blinked back at the Malfoy patriarch, unable to speak. Her eyes drifted to look over his shoulder at his wife, who was now stepping forward as well. Narcissa slid in beside her husband taking Hermione's hand when he had released it to her. She wrapped both her surprisingly warm hands around it and squeezed softly. "Hermione, dear—I know we've not been the kindest to you, but I want you to know that we love you, especially for how happy you've made our son. We'd like you to stay for a little longer, if you wouldn't mind. It's Christmas, after all." Hermione tore her stare from the Malfoy matriarch to gaze at her fiancé. He merely smiled, letting her know the choice was all hers. He wanted her to feel comfortable, and if she wanted to leave, he would support her wish. The young woman glanced at Lucius, who was staring at her without hate on his face. Instead, she saw hope shining out of the grey eyes that resembled Draco's so very much. When she finally took a deep breath to answer, wanting to say maybe another time, she was surprised that Narcissa spoke again, her voice almost pleading. "Just for now, please." "Of course, we'd love to stay a little while longer." The words were out of her mouth before she could stop them, and then Draco was guiding her back into the house, Narcissa and Lucius leading the way as they talked merrily about the possibility of another glass of mulled wine and a slice of chocolate cake that was beyond divine. When they were resettled in the parlor, Draco leaned over and kissed her cheek. "Everything alright, love?" "Yes," Hermione replied almost breathlessly. "Everything is wonderful. Merry Christmas," she added toasting to Draco and his parents. "Merry Christmas," they all chorused, their smiles warming her to the core, reassuring her that perhaps it was possible to set aside their helplessness's and differences after all.