after just a few practice tries. Pride made Draco's heart swell, but worry settled heavy in his gut. He wasn't entirely sure Harry had the truest of intentions when it came to learning these spells. Nevertheless, he continued his lessons. Eventually, he asked for repayment. In return for his help, he'd asked Harry to assist him in conjuring a Patronus ; although, he'd not had much luck. Nonetheless, it was a step in the right direction for him. Maybe he wouldn't have to go through with killing Dumbledore if Harry was on his side. It was this thought that probably led Draco to so do something rash one evening. He'd been coaching Harry through the task of mastering the Killing Curse when he'd noticed himself rather enjoying the flush to Harry's skin. And the way he bit his lip in concentration before sending the green light towards the field mice they'd captured. It made something pull in his chest, a feeling he was unfamiliar with taking hold of his senses. Without thinking, he'd walked across the room and taken hold of Harry's arm. Before he could even utter a single word, Draco captured his lips in a heated kiss, stealing the breath from the Boy Who Lived. The kiss went on for what felt like an eternity, Harry giving in just as much as he was. Hands fisted in hair, tugging and pulling at uniforms in an effort to reach more skin. Draco never imagined in his wildest dreams that Harry may want to kiss him in return, yet here he was, just as eager as he was. All too soon, in Draco's opinion, their kiss came to an end. They stood together, their breath mingling between them as reality settled back around them. "I have to go with Dumbledore tomorrow," Harry whispered, his fingers carding through the hair at the nape of Draco's neck. "I may not return." Instead of answering, Draco merely nodded, swallowing hard. Tomorrow was the day he had to use the Vanishing Cabinet. This would be their last night together. Afraid to ruin the moment with too many words, Draco gave Harry one more kiss before backing away. He was surprised to see fear in the green eyes he adored so much. "Good luck then, Potter. We'll meet up again once you return," he lied with a smirk. Then, Draco turned and left, already knowing it may be the last he saw Harry for quite some time. It appeared, for now at least, their temptations would have to wait for a while. Quietly, Harry moved through the Forbidden Forest, his fate now inevitable. The Resurrection Stone lay lost forever in the dirt behind him, the ghosts of the ones he loved still haunting him although he could no longer see their apparitions. He knew he was getting close now; his scar tingled more and more with each step he took. Pausing, more to calm his nerves than anything else, Harry briefly closed his eyes, imagining grey ones. Draco…he'd wanted so desperately to be a part of the light, but he was off fighting for the darkness. It wasn't fair. None of this was fair. They were far too young to be fighting in this war… dying in this war. Opening his eyes, Harry was just about to move forward when there was a rustling to his left. He pointed his wand, eyes going wide as Draco tumbled into the clearing. "Malfoy?" He questioned, his voice coming out barely above a whisper so as not to call attention to them. "What the bloody hell are you doing out here?" He was afraid it was another specter and that his anxiety was now playing with his mind. Draco ran to him, his hands coming to rest on Harry's shoulders. As his pale fingers dug painfully into his frail body, Harry knew he was not imagining things. "I know what you're about to do, Potter, and I couldn't let you go alone." Relief fluttered in Harry's chest at that reply. Without thinking, he captured Draco's lips like he had done in the past. It was one last kiss before they both had to deal with whatever fate had in store for them, temptations be damned. Their respite was short lived, however, as the sound of a cracking tree branch startling them into action. "How completely disgusting ," Voldemort spat, stepping into the clearing. Harry and Draco sprang apart, wands at the ready. "I warned your idiot father that you were a traitorous waste, but he begged me to keep you alive." Circling with calculating steps, the Dark Lord continued to taunt the pair, a sinister look upon his face. "I can repair this misjudgment easily enough. Avada Kedavra! " The green light flew through the air towards Harry, the seconds slowing down as his fate finally caught up with him. Panic-stricken, Draco shoved Harry out of the way, taking the full force of the curse. "No!" Screamed Harry, watching in horror as Draco fell, lifeless, to the ground before his feet. As the light drained from Draco's grey eyes, Harry began to feel dead inside. Shaking, he glared at the Dark Lord. "You killed him." "Sentiment," Voldemort said with a sneer before lifting his blood-red eyes to meet devastated green. "Come now, Harry—let us finish what we've started." He raised his wand, the Killing Curse suddenly streaking through the space between them. Harry didn't even have time to properly grieve before the spell was cast. With one last, remorse-filled glance at Draco's body, Harry accepted his fate. He didn't even bother to close his eyes as the green light barreled into his chest. His last thought was of Draco and how he wished he'd never been tempted by the darkness. If he'd never asked Draco for help…he would still be alive. They might both still be alive. They were far too young to die, in his opinion, but it was too late to do anything about that now.