as he smiled down at McGonnogal. "I'm sorry for eavesdropping, but word travels quickly in Hogwarts, especially from portrait to portrait. I heard what happened to young Ms. Weasley." "Yes. It's a disaster. She thinks she's five years old. I'm afraid I'll have to make her leave the school and return to her home, but…this is the safest place for the students right now, for anyone right now. I don't want to simply turn her out just because of a spell gone awry." "Nor should you," he agreed. "It is not your choice to do so. However, there come certain dangers with a girl thinking she is the wrong age." "You…you don't think anyone would try to take advantage of her?" "She would perhaps be more of a danger outside of Hogwarts walls than inside, should any Death Eaters lay hands on her. And even in Hogwarts, she should be kept a careful eye on." "But by whom? I haven't the time to spend watching over one girl! And her brother and friends are no longer here to do so. Who would possibly want to be her keeper?" "Perhaps someone she is close to? A friend of hers?" Minerva stared at him for a long time, trying to see through his mischievous smirk to his true intentions. Finally, she gasped in shock. "No! You couldn't mean…but he…he is a Death Eater! He tried to kill you! It's because of him that you're…you're…" It was hard to tell a portrait of a man that you were talking to face to face that he was no longer in existence. "Dead? Yes, that's true. He did have a hand in it. But he was pressured." "Pressured!" she scoffed, standing up and pacing the room in a rave. "By his family, by his society, by the Dark Lord. That is a lot for a young boy to handle. He had very few options at hand, each one worse than the last." "And now you think I should let him take care of a girl who thinks she's five years old. A girl with dire knowledge of the Order of the Phoenix. A girl you just claimed could endanger the entire Order with her knowledge now stored in a mind ill-equipped to handle torture or even the simplest of social interactions?! And you want me to lay her in the hands of a murderer?!" The painting of Dumbledore held up a calming hand. "He is not a murderer. You are accusing him of a crime he did not commit." "He had a hand in it!" "He did not hold the wand that cast the spell, Minerva! And the hand that did hold it is forever forgiven in my book. But that is not what we are discussing. If you are so worried about the boy repeating last year's events, what a better way to keep him busy than by assigning him to be the caretaker of young Ginevra Weasley. And, if she can not remember anything before her fifth birthday, then she can't truly be a danger to the Order, at least not until she begins to regain her memory. Besides, she seems quite taken with him, and the best way for her to return to normal is to follow the same normal routine she has up until now." "That routine never involved Draco Malfoy." "No, but she seems to think he is her friend, and I'm sure if she is comfortable around him, she will begin to remember who she is. Besides, shouldn't we always learn to forgive and give others second chances?" Minerva stared at the painting for a long time. "I don't know if I like this suggestion…I always did think you were a bit too eccentric Albus. But I respect you more than I do any other wizard in this world." She sighed in exasperation. "I suppose we will try it, for a time. If only to keep the boy out of trouble." Dumbledore smiled. "Wonderful." x x x x x x x x x x x x x x Five…years…old? Ginevra Weasley thought she was five years old? The wheels in Draco's head began to spin. This was great, this was grand. Ginny Weasley thought she was a five years old! The Slytherins would be shocked when they found out! Oh, the gossip and chaos he could start with this kind of information! This was going to be so… "And Draco Malfoy is my best friend!" The words echoed in his head over and over again, despite the fact that he'd heard them said nearly five hours ago. Horrible. Best friend? Best friend? Where did she get that from?! He was perfectly fine with torturing the girl with her sudden loss of memory. He was sure it wouldn't last more than a few hours, days at most, after all, and he and Zabini could use it against her forever. But now she suddenly thought he was her friend? How hard had the girl hit her head? And now McGonnogal of all people wanted Draco to be her keeper? To tote her around to all of his classes like a little puppy dog under the façade that she was gaining a higher level of learning because she was so damn smart (which she had been, before hitting her head, anyway). The bloody woman wanted him to keep an eye on her 24/7 with the exception of at night, as he was supposed to drop her off at her house at nine o'clock sharp and pick her up before breakfast. And it wasn't like he could tell her no. The damn woman was always breathing down his neck, waiting for him to slip up so she could kick him out of Hogwarts. He wouldn't be surprised if he woke up one night to find her leaning over his bed with a dagger to thrust through his heart. His hands were tied. He was now Ginny Weasley's keeper. Draco Malfoy's life officially sucked.