to ignore the triumphant grin she was sure Draco was sending her way. All around her she heard whispers of surprise. She was rarely outsmarted by a peer. Now she felt the entire class weighing her down with dubious stares. "Snape's just playing favorites," Harry whispered to her reassuringly. "Yeah, you know how it is," Ron grimaced. "He fucking hates us." Hermione swallowed her disappointment and nodded, still glaring at her textbook. She understood. I wasn't wrong. Of course I wasn't wrong. My answer was just unsatisfactory. Still, it stung. She knew she couldn't impress everyone with her photographic memory, but she had hoped… Snape raised his eyebrows and turned to look at her pointedly. "Is something wrong, Miss Granger?" he drawled indifferently, as if he had sensed her ire and found it moderately distracting. Yes, you cruel, greasy-haired, pathetic bully. You're an unfair bastard who doesn't deserve to be teaching at Hogwarts. But she refused to let neither he nor Draco have the satisfaction of hearing her voice her anger, so she shook her head and said, "No, sir." Muffled laughter came from the back of the classroom. Hermione clenched her jaw. Draco may have won this round, but there would be plenty more to come. The rest of the day quickly became an academic success but a social nightmare. AP US History (or "APUSH") with Binns followed Chemistry, then came lunch with Harry and Ron, AP Language & Composition with McGonagall, and lastly, AP Calculus, her favorite class. Neither of the boys were in her history nor calculus class, so she had suffered alone through a few painful introductions and lame icebreaker games. The first few days of a new school term were always the absolute worst, and this year was no exception. Once again, she felt like she was eleven years old and horribly alone, battling bemused stares from her classmates, moving awkwardly through the halls, triple checking her schedule to make sure she didn't end up in the wrong classroom. To make matters worse, her nemesis happened to share every single one of her AP classes. She quickly learned just how much she had underestimated him. Even the mathletes were impressed when Draco had solved Vector's definite integral problem in a matter of minutes. Hermione suspected this was because his parents had hired him a private tutor to give him a leg up. Still, he was supposed to be lazy and uncaring, not some competitive, academic showoff. It wasn't like he even needed to be in the top ten to get into Harvard, or whatever his parents' alma mater was. His name alone was enough to grant him instant access to any institution. What had gotten into him over the summer? She played back the morning's events in her mind as she walked out to her car. Draco had taunted Harry and Ron as usual, dishing out barbs about their laziness and stupidity while bragging about his own accomplishments. Hermione had grown used to his scathing brand of bullying over the years, and she assumed Harry and Ron had become immune to it too. But when he turned his attention to her, all his mocking smiles had dropped — there had been a shift in the way he stood, an unfamiliar hardening in his features — and she wasn't sure why. He loathed Harry, that much was obvious, but he had never gone to any great lengths to target her (aside from the incident in seventh grade). So why her? Why now? Was he seriously riled up over the fact that she scored better grades than he did? Or was it something else? "Arrogant little bastard," she cursed as she dug her keys out of her bag and opened the door to her '96 Honda Accord. She winced when the door squeaked on its hinges, and she quickly closed it after jumping inside, praying that the piece of junk wouldn't collapse on her. The car had once belonged to her aunt Joanne (a quite successful writer) before Jo had decided to hand it down to the youngest in the family; a notion Hermione tried to interpret as a favor but knew was done out of charity. She sighed as she started up the engine and began the five minute drive to her new workplace. Is there even any point in this "competition?" she wondered with a heavy dose of skepticism. Hermione wanted a lot of things: average-sized teeth, the end to sexism and discrimination, better social skills, etc… but the thing that currently topped her list was something she'd dreamed of for as long as she could remember and definitely within attainable reach: acceptance into Princeton. She just needed two more years of hard work and a little less competition. But maybe believing in some competition was a blessing in disguise, even if it wasn't exactly valid since Malfoy's family influence meant he could go wherever the heck he wanted anyway. Surely the idea of a competitor would drive her to work harder, and hard work always produced success in one form or another, right? Hermione jabbed the FM button for the radio and lapsed into fantasies of the future. One day, she thought, this would all be worth it — Snape's criticism, the late nights studying, the hours upon hours of work. In less than two years, everyone would finally understand. Admire her. She wouldn't have to worry about jerks like Draco and his band of followers; maybe even one day, they would be begging to work for her. She cranked up the volume and blasted the Jimmy Eat World song playing on the radio, allowing herself a small guilty smile as she listened. The lyrics were cheesy, but they were the feel-good kind of cheesy that could give anyone hope on a miserable day like this one. Alright, so yeah, junior year was going to be difficult. But it would also be the most rewarding year yet, and she was going to own it.