very much until it's been more than three days and he abruptly realizes that Scorpius has been basically ignoring him, at which point he starts to get a little bit nervous. But he still isn't too worried. Only when break has ended and it's been well over a week since Albus and Scorpius have really spoken does he start to get quite worried, and more than a little bit hurt. Albus doesn't usually feel like he's being clingy or overly affectionate, and he certainly doesn't like when he does feel like that. That's what he feels like now. He thinks that maybe he'd stop talking to Scorpius altogether for a while if he wasn't such good friends with him. Maybe giving him space would make him more responsive, maybe he just needs time, but Albus can't figure out which of those or the many other existing options is the right one for the life of him. Since there's also a possibility that the best thing for Scorpius would be to talk to him as much as he can, Albus feels very conflicted. It would be so easy to just let the monotony of school take over, to stop trying to talk to Scorpius and settle into a less fun routine, and just live like that. But he just wants them to be normal again. They used to talk to each other at least once a day almost everyday for, if not actually seeing each other, and their talks were usually at least half an hour. In the week before break ended, Albus hadn't talked to Scorpius for more than five minutes at a time even once . They used to always meet each other the day before they went back to school, much to the annoyance of their civil but not friendly families. They used to ride together and spend basically the whole day after their ride together. Albus rides back to school with Lily and James, and other than the music he doesn't even like playing quietly out of the speakers, there are no sounds at all in the magical car. He's never been very close to his siblings, and he feels distinctly unwanted and alone as he rides in the back. Even so, when they arrive at Hogwarts still without having said a single word and all get out, Lily makes a sound that indicates, from what he's noticed, that she wants to talk, much to Albus' surprise. "Hey, thanks for riding with us." He looks at her for a second, confused and startled. "Ye-yeah. Sure. You're welcome?" He's sure his awkward side is showing through, and he feels suddenly frustrated with himself. Why can't he even be civil to his own sister? As an afterthought, he adds, "Thanks for taking me, you two." "No problem," replies James, face turning a little bit less cold and mean. Lily is even smiling at him. Even though they part immediately after the encounter, Albus walks away smiling, and thinking that maybe his short-term estrangement from Scorpius isn't such a bad thing. He has changed his mind since this morning. He misses Scorpius. A lot. They had three classes together today, and Albus didn't end up talking to Scorpius any more than he did to anyone else. He's getting frustrated. He decides that it's probably best to try to talk to Scorpius about it if he can, even if it's hard to get a response. While everyone in their dorm is getting ready for bed, Albus tries to subtly and non-threateningly corner Scorpius so that he can finally talk to him. When Scorpius freezes up, Albus tries to show him that he doesn't mean any harm, which is a strange thing to have to do. "Hey. We haven't really talked in awhile." Scorpius mumbles something affirmative. "Well, I was just wondering… Is anything the matter? You seem kind of closed off." Scorpius finally looks up, meeting Albus' eyes with surprising ferocity. "No, nothing. I'm fine." Albus can tell immediately that it is definitely not nothing. It occurs to him that maybe this whole thing has less to do with him, really, and more to do with Scorpius. So, the real question then, must be… Why is Scorpius doing this? Scorpius has felt himself building distance in between himself and Albus, but he hasn't seemed to be able to do anything to stop it. That, or it's too hard, or he doesn't want to. He's just having a hard time, a really hard time, with his feelings. They hadn't been fully formed before, when Albus brought the cake and card, and not nearly as powerful as they are now, but that's not true anymore. They're raging and taking over him, and he can't bring himself to talk to Albus anymore. It would be so painful to reconcile with his crush just to inevitable confess, get his heart broken, and have the friendship end because his lingering feelings make it too awkward. As much as he wants to be friends with Albus, he doesn't want to become friends and end their friendship soon after it restarts with even more passion. He is, though, feeling the loneliness that comes from essentially cutting ties with your best friend. It probably hasn't been two weeks since he abruptly cut Albus off, and already he's closing off from the rest of the school, getting slightly worse grades, and reading probably too much as a way to try to distract himself. He's gone through about ten books in the last two weeks alone. They've actually all been pretty dang good. Albus makes multiple attempts to talk to him, to figure out what's wrong, but Scorpius doesn't respond to any of them in a productive way. He can't even say he doesn't have the confidence or bravery to initiate anything anymore. He is actively rejecting the friendship that he'd been building for many years, and he doesn't know why! Scorpius has to ask himself. Why is he doing this?