"What is your name? How were you invited to the event?" he asked, his eyes burning with intensity. She had heard thousands of stories of Absent couples finding each other, most of them romantic or emotional. She hadn't heard of one as awkward as hers. "Hermione. Hermione Jean Granger. I'm the head of the archive department." She watched as one of his eyebrows arched, and his lip curled into a smirk. "Ah, a Granger. I believe I know your father, Oliver Granger," his smile widened as her hands curled into fists, and she visibly struggled not to show anger. "Head of department? You've impressed many people." Against her will, her eyes narrowed. Many in the higher circles of society knew about her relationship with her father. It was all anyone talked about for about 5 years. Millionaire loses wife and daughter – one dies and the other runs away. They had all been shocked when she turned up a couple of years later, supporting herself and with an actual job without the help of her father. It was scandalous and he knew it, and his little smile just made her angry. "My aim in life," she said sardonically. Collecting herself she blurted "If you'll excuse me, I must go. I am meeting my friend now, she wanted to hear about the ball and I can't keep her waiting." Both eyebrows were raised now. For almost all women, their aim in life was to find their Absent, so it must have been surprising for one to find her Absent and immediately try to run off. When he didn't respond, she smiled awkwardly, gave a nod in goodbye and walked past him. Reaching the door however, she realised the key was missing to unlock it. She cleared her throat nervously, her hand on the knob, not wanting to look at him as she stared at the mahogany wood "Excuse me, could you unlock the door for me?" She heard a dark chuckle then silence once more. She was about to repeat her request when she felt his presence behind her. This wasn't right. She felt uncomfortable. She just wanted to get out of the god forsaken room. "Aren't you going to ask my name?" he asked, moving her hair from her neck, and tracing his finger up and down it. He had very warm hands, rough but also soft. She gulped – very loudly – which made him laugh again. "What's your name?" she said in a strong voice. "Thomas Slytherin," he said evenly, as if waiting for a response. It took all she could not to recoil from his touch. Out of all the founders of Atlantic Movement, for all the horrible things they had done over the years, all the people they had hurt, he was the worst of them all. Thomas Slytherin had started the whole thing, and was the eldest of them all, at least 1100 years old. He had pushed the involvement in the slave trade, championed it during the abolition movement 20 years before. He had fought against rebelling colonial forces without mercy, committing countless atrocities. Out of all the people her absent could be, it was Thomas Slytherin she was supposed to spend the rest of her life with. He seemed to sense her disgust, and laughed once again. "You're a smart one, aren't you?" he said, chuckling. She shot him a sharp angry look "And she's feisty too" "She has a name, MISS GRANGER, and can be referred to by it!" she shot back, growing angry at his patronising attitude. A part of her mind screamed at her that he was basically her boss and that she couldn't speak to him like that but she ignored it. She batted his hand off of her neck and turned to face him. "I would appreciate it if you would let me go Mr. Slytherin, my friend is waiting for me," she was fuming, her arms crossed as she introduced formalities in an attempt to gain control of the situation and make it more appropriate. "I've never had one like you" he breathed, his smirk growing as he looked down on her with a fondness that made her more annoyed. "Correction, sir – You don't have me. Now if you don't mind, please open the door" she repeated, tapping her foot on the ground. He was all smiles and laughs, a handsome man that seemed to get everything he wanted. But she knew who he was. What he was. A monster. She didn't want to be anywhere near him. He moved closer, backing her up against the door, causing her head to hit it with a dull thud. Her head craned up to look at him, whilst his craned down to look at her. She tried to keep control of her breathing, but it grew more and more out of control as he held her chin gently but firmly in his hand. "So beautiful. So angry." He said, his voice gravelly as his eyes darted to her lips. Slowly, he brushed his over hers, and her heart beat fast in a panic. In one swift movement, she darted out from in-between him and the door and went to the centre of the room. "Goodbye Mr. Slytherin," she said, both coldly and cordially, before she ran to the window and climbed out in a most undignified manner. It was the first floor so she didn't fall to a painful death, and to her relief he did not follow her. As she ran through the gardens and onto the streets hailing a cab, she felt triumph coursing through her veins until it stopped still, corrupted by dread as she realised work would likely be very different on Monday. Apologies to followers of my other stories, I will be getting back to them, I have just had exams and moving and work to do so I've been a bit all over the place - sorry! Please Review! Lots of Love!