offer, while holding him at arm's length. In fact, since Grindelwald played his part so well, our family was – as it seems – the last of the British families to cut ties, long after our Ministry passed laws against these precise actions and not very long at all before the Dark Lord's fall.' Harry looked dejectedly at his feet and muttered, 'Shameful.' 'Indeed.' His own admission managed to put a small smile back into place. Arcturus continued, keeping his voice dreary, 'Harry, this happened before I assumed headship over our house. My own father never had the courage to tell his son about these matters. In fact, I myself assumed them to be false accusations until I made extensive investigations. My father had many faults and few talents. To this day, I am not sure how I should feel about the fact that my own genitor would have been better off an artificer of fraud than a scion of a noble house.' Arcturus had difficulties holding in his temper, but showed no outward sign of this. Still, he had the impression that Harry saw through his mask. The boy was unnaturally good at reading him. He would have been worried that a thirteen-year-old could read a retired politician so easily if he was not so proud . 'Listen, Harry. It was not my fault, and it is not yours that our ancestors may have done wrong. We have to live with this knowledge, and we should not forget. There are lessons to be learned in remembering the past. But you must not let your heart succumb to guilt. Guilty is only he who acts or fails to do so, though never can one be guilty by inheritance. You should think about this. In the future, you may even tell some of your friends who earn your complete trust. But you should not feel defensive about this or let your heart be tied down.' After a small pause, he added, 'I know this is a difficult lesson, but it is critical you understand this. I know for a fact that only two other families had connections as deeply rooted as ours towards Grindelwald's camp; and still there are about two dozen families suffering under the stigma that was levelled upon us. This is not justice. They are not guilty and neither are we now. My father should have been sent to trial for his actions, as should have been his counterparts, and I tell you this: If I had known these things during his lifetime, I would have been the first to make him stand before the Wizengamot, so that his sentence might have redeemed the rest of our family and a lot of other innocents of the public doubt. Alas – that man was not even fit for that final duty and died not too long after the war, as you are aware.' It took Arcturus enormous effort to collect himself, but once he did, he looked his grandson in his startling green eyes and held his gaze for several seconds before he softly added, 'I apologise for this most sombre of lessons. Maybe we should continue this tomorrow. Have a good night, Harry.' His grandfather still looked very unnerved, as Harry – deep in thought himself – stood up. It had indeed been a most sombre lesson. Even so, he did not blame Arcturus, whom he had always known as an individual of candour. Slowly striding forwards, he was almost at the first landing when the voice of his grandfather trailed after him. 'Harry!' he heard the old man calling him softly. He turned slowly towards the sunken figure and answered hesitantly, unsure what to expect, 'Yes, Grandfather?' Arcturus looked at him, and Harry felt his gaze holding nothing of the stern blankness he always wore in public. 'I am proud of you for asking the difficult questions, son.' Their eyes met, pearlescent grey and gleaming green. But to Harry, the only colour that mattered was of a darker shade. AN: 1) Hi there! I am not a big fan of ANs, so I will definitely keep this short. This is the first chapter of my new fiction "Black Luminary". I expect the finished work to encompass several hundred thousant words, but I will only post one chapter per week after the initial three. I am currently more than a dozen chapters ahead of schedule, so you may be put at ease; the project will not suddenly dry up. 2) Warning! This story intentionally plays with the expectations of the reader. Usually, I will not give many hints about plotlines that may continue to be relevant for a LONG time. All years of Hogwarts are equally important for me; the whole story should therefore continue to evolve from the start to the end. Don't expect answers to questions I myself may raise in the story; I will never use the ANs to give away the plot. 3) Romantic pairings ... will be complicated. Romance is not exactly the focus of this work, but I will give it due space where needed. 4) English isn't my first language, not even my second. So please do excuse the occasional error that may slip through. 5) While we are on the subject, a mighty thanks to my awesome and patient betas. Your work is very appreciated. 6) Of course, Harry Potter and all associated names, stories, works etc. belong to J.K. Rowling. Please support her official releases. 7) Also, please feel free to tell me what you think. Your suggestions and impressions will help me improve the story. 8) The things that makes my story an AU are mostly history-related. Everything else is just a direct or indirect result of those events. There is one exception, though: Harry's biological grandfather is Charlus Potter in my story. Just keep it in mind. 9) Lastly, my profile answers several general questions regarding Black Luminary. Be sure to check it out! Best regards -YakAge