to wash her face properly. Verena was going to wake up. She was doomed to wake up. This much perfection in a dream was false. It wasn't fair dammit! It shouldn't be a dream. And if it was, Verena was going to do her best to wake out of it. She couldn't live with herself knowing that she was desperate enough to dream this world. She couldn't just live at the moment and enjoy it knowing that it would end because it was a fucking DREAM! Trying to slow down her breathing, she realized that she had been breathing through her mouth, water droplets and snot going in it. She was crying. The snot felt foul in her mouth and her tears salty. It must have been because of shock. Verena felt a gentle hand patting her back, circling to relieve her. She noticed that it helped. She splashed water on her face one more time and closed the tabs. Before her hands left her face, a towel was directed at her. She mumbled an incoherent thanks and buried her face in the soft cotton. The hand left her back, causing her to miss the warmth it radiated. Verena rose her head, putting the towel on the sink, and locked her gaze in the mirror. It didn't take much for her to realize that her poor sight prevented her from seeing the truth. Where had she tossed the damn glasses? That's when gently two hands fit the round glasses back to Verena's face and her vision became clear. In the mirror stood two people. The young woman had her arms around a young man's torso, the right side of her curly hair flattened because she rested her head by the young man's arm. Her gaze looked worried but she granted the young man a small reassuring smile. Her freckles made an alluring contrast with her skin, pale because the fright the young man had given her. The young man… He stood where Verena should have been. She felt the young woman's -Hermione's- arms around her, but Verena denied the truth of the reflection she saw in the mirror. Her usual wavy brown hair was nowhere in sight. In its stead was raven coloured straight hair, sticking at funny angles, only one third of her original hair's length. Her hazel coloured eyes were swapped with emerald green ones. The shocked expression on her face looked somewhat familiar, but without her big eyes it didn't look exactly the same. Her full lips should have been agape now, not the thin reddish ones in the mirror. She should not have such an angular jaw, nor should there be an Adam's apple on her throat. Verena's hand went to her throat and her fingers touched that protrusion, the evidence of her gender. She could have sworn on God that she was a female only ten minutes ago. With that thought in mind, her hand left her throat, one rested on her flat chest and the other on the front of her trousers. She wasn't sure what she was expecting to feel down there, but her non-existent breasts were answer enough. "Hermione?" Verena tried her voice again. Still doubting that the young woman next to her would respond to that name. "I'm here. You're in the Grimmauld Place, and you are safe. Everything's fine now. I'm here," she whispered, her arms around him tightened and Verena subconsciously grabbed Hermione's arm crossing her chest. Hermione's touch comforted her more than she would have liked to admit. Verena decided to take everything one at a time. Her switch at gender was one that had to wait, because the last thing she wanted was to lose her mind. "Hermione Granger," Verena whispered. "The brightest witch of her age." Hermione's beautiful lips stretched to form a warming smile. Verena couldn't help but smile back. This was not a dream. At least not a dream she was about to wake up soon, or so she hoped. Verena's lips pulled higher and higher as the knowledge sunk to the depth of her mind: She was Harry fucking Potter, the saviour of the Wizarding World, the boy who lived. Harry fucking Potter. Wizard Harry fucking Potter. Legendary wizard Harry fucking Potter. Verena wanted to laugh her insides out. She couldn't believe this. It was so damn insane. When Verena's eyes fell on Hermione who was still somehow hugging her, she felt a tug in her guts, or was it her heart? This was not Emma Watson. This was Hermione Granger. The fierce witch who punched Draco Malfoy, who aced Wingardium Leviosa at her first try, who threatened Rita Skeeter. She was the loyal friend of Harry Potter who led him to victory, had his back on the run, never once left his side. She was Verena's childhood crush. The girl she wanted to grow into. Verena adored her. Looking at her caramel brown eyes, Verena's joy ordered her to do something. Something crazy. Something perhaps unwanted? She dipped her head down thanks to her new added height and brushed her lips against Hermione's. Just the lightest of a touch. Right after that, Verena grabbed Hermione by her waist, threw her in the air, and spun with her. All the while laughing her heart out. She kissed a beautiful girl. She kissed a beautiful witch . She kissed Hermione fucking Granger. Verena Bautista was Harry fucking Potter who had just kissed Hermione Granger. She lowered Hermione in her arms -her rather muscular arms- and pecked her lips one more time. This was heaven. Hi there! This story is not beta'd so excuse me for any mistakes. It won't be longer than ten chapters, but since I have two major stories, updates solely depend on the feedback. It could be a cliche idea, and I haven't searched through if there are similar stories, but I hope it was enjoyable :) *Direct quotes from the movie Harry Potter and the Prizoner of Azkaban . -Ydream08