forced to break away from his wife. "You have no sage to report the first thing in morning. So why not make a rain check for eleven tonight, what do you say?" "I'll be asleep by then," Burak pouted, but Draco was quick to see through the lie. It was no secret the Malfoy heir stayed up until two in the morning, though the boy did not know his parents were aware. Draco understood the thought process behind his son's actions; Burak did not want interference in his sacred reading time. "Tomorrow after breakfast then?" Draco laughed and ruffled Burak's pale blond hair. With a final glance in the mirror, he acted to exit the house. This time Burak walked to him and screamed a threat for him to not leave, saying he wouldn't exchange a single word if he were to leave. Not so subtle, Draco thought as he smirked. "Little man, your father will only be on a short trip," Zel explained to Burak. She grabbed him by his shoulders in attempt to pull him towards her. "And we will stay here and cook while we wait, got it?" Burak glanced between his parents but Zel didn't leave time for him to protest. This time she kissed Draco on the cheek, seeing her husband off. "He'll probably talk all about pack stuff. Be careful not to look bored!" Draco nodded at the clue and hastily closed the door behind him. Behind the heavy door, his son continued giving his mum the cold shoulder. When Draco Apparated, he landed just around the corner of the street where his father-in-law's favourite kebab restaurant Konyalı was located. It didn't take five minutes to enter the restaurant and be welcomed by the warm scent of newly baked pide (a kind of bread Draco couldn't pass up even if he were to be full). He asked waiters for Halil Fatih's reservation and he was led to where his father-in-law was seated. "Good evening," Draco spoke in Turkish. His father-in-law was more comfortable that way and Draco would never pass the opportunity to show off the fluency of his third language. Living in Turkey for nineteen years had given him new tricks. "To you, too!" Mr. Fatih spoke, and Draco once again noted the stern look on the old man's face. His own father had a face of stone, but unless he was laughing Mr. Fatih always gazed at people as if he would right off beat them on the spot. It was that look that he showed now. That was why, unlike how Draco was prone to his own father's uneasy stare, after all these years he was still on the edge when he met with his father-in-law's eyes. "Traffic made me late," Draco muttered and his father-in-law smirked at the remark. As he was a former wizard, it was not hard to guess Draco's transportation means, but the old man enjoyed how his son-in-law repeated the same chat over the years. "No shock- typical Istanbul," Mr. Fatih said, and two men continued with giving their orders and eating afterwards. Only when the dessert arrived at the table did the topic of their talk drift from trivialities to something that piqued Draco's interest. "I fear the golden era for my pack is faltering. They are used to being the prime, Draco!" Mr. Fatih sighed, after a gulp of his Rakı, a Turkish anise-flavoured liquor, he continued to speak. "Our truces with neighbouring packs are crumbling down. Those bastards! Even Kaya's Pack has violated the conditions and now we have dead and injured members." There was silence as Draco dared not to advise on matters he knew nothing of. Before coming to Turkey, Lupin was the only werewolf Draco had met who was nothing like the monster Greyback had been, though Draco must admit he didn't know of Lupin's condition back then. However, here being a wizard meant as much as being a werewolf, which complicated things. "I'm too old for these games!" the old man groaned and his hand went through his thick hair. The silver-grey strands had been replaced with white since last time Draco had seen the man. "I wish your kid was older to take over but alas, I can't bring back time and change decisions. If I could, I would have found my mate Ayshe long before I was forty-two and give my youngest daughter Betül the green light at her first suitor." Draco was nearly choking on his drink; he definitely did not know of the age his father-in-law had Zel! Draco eyed Mr. Fatih again and admired the man's youthful look. Nobody would have guessed him to be eighty years old. "Let me tell you what," Mr. Fatih whispered. With two fingers, he gestured for Draco to lean closer to him. "Some of my wolves say they are strangers, the ones breaking the rules. None of them are from Turkish packs but act to be so, and I trust what my bond says and it says to trust my fellow wolves. We are under attack Draco…." With that last sentence, the topic ended as his father-in-law went for another glass of Rakı, leaving Draco shocked. He was beginning to doubt his father-in-law's sanity, but not sincerity. However, he was distracted once the waiter brought a bowl of fruits, "On the house," the waiter had said. Draco had left the conversation there but he noted to pry around. His father-in-law's worries were his as well, and Draco was going to protect his own. A/N: Hello readers! In this NextGen story I altered only a few things in the cannon. I basicly took liberties such as ignoring the Draco/Astoria pairing and disregarding a couple of deaths. I'd like to thank my beta BabyYoureMyOxygen for acepting my request of editting this story and working so hard to make it presentable. Without her, you'd be reading only long paragraphs of run-on sentences :D I hope you've enjoyed the story ! ~Ydream08