and scenes of the two lovers tangled in the bed, naked, came into her vision. At a few of them Tom caressed the bump on the woman's stomach, then Merope kissed Tom while resting her own hand on top of his where it lay on her stomach. Hermione went out of his mind as gently as she had entered. She knew that the damage was done. Tom Riddle was going to be born and he was going to live a life deprived of love- the man in front of her was incapable of giving love to a child associated with a woman he loathed with passion. ...was there no other way? Hermione angrily wiped her tears, hating the feeling of helplessness. She was sure to find a solution to this mess in the morning, but right now she would do what was possible. Riddle needed to go back to his house, having nothing left to do here. Hermione could do that, take him home, and perhaps convince him to take in Riddle Jr.? Making a decision, Hermione took a hold of Tom's arm. His eyes turned to her questioningly at the touch, but before he could utter a word to her, they Disapparated. Hermione shivered when the wind licked every inch of her exposed flesh- she definitely should have changed out of her pajama shorts and camisole. Tom Riddle Sr. must not be agreeing with her if the way he devoured her appearance was any indication. Hermione took a few steps back and averted her gaze. She was uncomfortable how he showed no indication of discomfort due to Disapparating. She cleared her throat but Tom Riddle Sr. was quicker. "It's not my first time doing this-this teleporting," he said. There was a content smile on his face, Hermione wondered whether it was due to guessing her thoughts. She furrowed her brows, and to her great surprise, Tom Riddle Sr. snickered, then continued. "Nothing is my first time. There is so little money can't buy." Hermione rolled her eyes. She couldn't help but wonder whether Sirius Black was the only male she knew of who was not this much of a pompous git regardless of his money status being 'shitting gold'. "You will be a father for the first time- to your first son," Hermione retorted and saw a flash of anger in his gaze, but she didn't back down. He took a step closer to her. He was so close that she could feel warmth of his body easing the goose bumps on her skin due to the cold wind. "You will not be the first woman in my bed-" he said warningly, seeming content with his comeback. Hermione wanted to laugh that he thought that that was a comeback, let alone a threat. "I think we covered that when I mentioned a child you helped to create-" "-and not the last," he finished and a smirk graced his lips. His fingers moved to play with her curls but Hermione quickly slapped his hand away. "Be creative with your threats, and realistic please. More after me? Not the best joke I've heard," Hermione snarled, feeling the sting of Ron's affairs flare at Riddle's bold statement. How vulgar was this man? His intentions sick and sense of humour even worse! This conversation was over. "This is your back garden, if you've noticed. Little Hangleton." Hermione turned around and put a safe distance between herself and Riddle Sr. "Are you sure of not claiming your son?" Hermione asked one last time, and when she turned back to Riddle, she saw his gaze was locked with the dark figure of his own house. "The bitch tricked me…" he spat. "That is not the child's fault," Hermione insisted. She wished to change Riddle Sr.'s mind because she knew the alternative if she wasn't able to do it. "I'm not going to be disowned just because of a whore's kid-" "-your kid!" Hermione yelled this time. She couldn't stand the man insulting an unborn child. He still didn't turn around to face her. "You are like her, aren't you?" Riddle Sr. asked, ever slightly angling his head in her direction. "Yes, I'm a witch and your son will be a wizard," she said. "You wouldn't want to leave him by himself." Because if you do, he'll turn out to be Voldemort , Hermione ended her thought. "Your pretty body wouldn't be enough to convince me," Riddle Sr. finally said and laughed before adding, "Even if you were to offer, angel." What did he call her? Angel? Hermione was furious, not to mention she felt the bile rising from her stomach. She shouldn't have hoped this disgusting man to own up his mistakes. Was it his mistake that he was too handsome for Merope Gaunt to skip the chance to get in his trousers by a love potion? a treacherous voice in her mind played the devil's advocate. Knowing that Riddle Sr. wouldn't be disclosing the existence of the magical world, Hermione didn't bother to tamper with his memories. Hermione Granger Disapparated with only one question remaining in her overthinking mind: Was she going to visit Merope Gaunt now or the day Tom Riddle's birth? She didn't hear when the words tumbled out of Riddle Sr.'s mouth. "You are my angel, saving me from…Thank you. I was disgusted…thank you…You saved me, angel." Hello there! It feels amazing to present you a new work! And tell you what, it is already finished! This story will be three chapters, each chapter is as long as this one so you'd understand why I didn't post it as a one-shot. I'll post them a week apart on Wednesdays. I hope you'll enjoy it! Please be sure to let me know what you think ;) Also, I want to thank my amazing beta, Bunnyhops . We polished this work together and without those corrections and suggestions, you wouldn't be reading this story at its best. Thank you so much! :D -Ydream08