really pleased with your performance." She groaned slightly in pain. "Could you help me to the hospital wing, please? He had to use Cruciatus on me to make it look like I was really tortured...I ache all over and I am really tired now." Barty nodded, his annoyance evident, but if what she said was correct- and everything seemed to point in that direction- then he would be good to aid her when necessary. Besides, apparantly she was now one of theirs. Not a fellow Death Eater directly, but she would be as close to the Dark Lord as one could get. She would learn directly from him and rise above them when she did well enough. No, he would be the first to acknowledge her future status. Maybe the Dark Lord could appoint him to watch over her during the summers? To be her bodyguard? His annoyance slipped away as those thoughts crept into the forefront of his mind, being replaced by excitement instead. The future was now really something to look forward to. She exited the train, pulling her trunk behind her. The term was officially over, the whole of the student body paid their respects to the late Cedric Diggory and Dumbledore couldn't stop himself from turning his parting words into a warning that the Dark never sleeps etc, etc. The train ride was the same old too: she sitting in a compartment with the likes of Greengrass, Parkinson, Zabini and Malfoy reading while they were talking about their families latest accomplishments and balls they would attend to. She wondered what her Master would think about these snotty and spoiled children. Their talent was average, their marks mediocre. They thought that their family names and the influence, wealth and connections of their parents would deal with everything for them. They were in for a rude awakening. She hoped that, when that time came, she would be there to taunt them. With those thoughts running through her mind, she exited platform 9 3/4 and spotted the people she despised most in the world. Without a word they turned around and walked towards their car, leaving Lillian alone with the task of lifting the trunk into it. With the feather-light-charm on her trunk it wasn't that big of a deal to her. After everything was stowed away she sat in the back of the car and listened to her uncle rant about how she was ungrateful and how she should cower before them and kiss their feet in thanks for taking care of her even when they didn't have to. She was silent the entire way to Privet Drive. Once there she got out of the car with her trunk and waited for the front door to be unlocked. Upon entering she stopped after closing the door behind her and spoke up for the first time. "What do you know about Lord Voldemort?" She asked her aunt without addressing her. She would never use their names again. She would never call them aunt or uncle again. "Wasn't he the maniac who killed my sister and her no-good husband? Why do you ask?" Petunia snapped at her. Lillian smiled cruelly at them. "The Dark Lord has returned. Thought you ought to know." "Why should we care?" Vernon growled at her. "Because I was there when he was resurrected. Because he took me in as his apprentice. Because he was in my mind and saw what you did to me and removed the trace from my wand." She answered, her smile growing into a predatory grin as she drew her wand at them. They both paled with every word until they looked as white as a sheet and shook violently. "Don't you think for even a second that I am above killing either of you. But I need you for as long as the Dark Lord says so." She stared them both in the eyes. "And in case you filth don't believe me: serpensortia! " The snake appeared with a bang and landed with a thud on the floor, hissing angrily. "Calm down my beautiful friend. I still need them for now, but you can scare them a bit. I will release you into the garden and you can hunt there." She looked up at her relatives and smirked at them. "I can talk with snakes, by the way." Then, looking at her uncle with a cold expression, she walked right in front of him. "If you ever lay a finger on me again, I will have your entire arm for it." She whispered at him. "And then I will call some friends who will rape your wife until she won't ever be able to walk again." Her uncle looked as if he was about to explode and her aunt like she was about to pass out. "I see, we understand each other." She said, looking at both of them. "I will be in my room then." With that, she opened the door for the snake to slither into the garden and hunt for small rodents, before she climbed up the stairs into her room. AN: "somnum exterreri solebat" is supposed to mean nightmare . I hope that's right. And yeah, I dealt with the bad eyesight really lazily. Though I have to wonder why no one ever considered that having a piece of a soul in your forehead could cause "health issues" like bad eyesight. So I just went for it. Having said what needed to be said, I hope you enjoyed the start. I look forward to your reviews. And since it came up in another of my stories, please refrain from anything that isn't a proper review. If you don't like something then please, do say so in a manner that is considered polite and don't begin your review with "wow this is stupid". I couldn't have rolled my eyes any harder if I wanted to when I read that review. See you guys in the next chapter.