a bigger chance to be reincluded into magic society. That is all there is to our offer." Harry let out a pained groan. "Fine. I accept." "Thank you, Harry. We understand why you are so reluctent about this but you don't have to deal with...mediocre newspapers and students staring at you. Now, before you begin your training there are four things that need to be done." Xavier started to explain. "First, we need to remove your trace. Second we need to find out where your magical affinity lies. For that you will drink a potion. Third, we will test if you have an animagus form. There is another potion for that. And fourth, I will correct your eyesight. Glasses are hindering and once you lose them you are as helpless as an infant." Harry nodded at all of this and handed them his wand. He couldn't help but feel excitement at the animagus part. "While we prepare ourselves you are free to roam." Jonah said and the adults got up, leaving Harry to his own devices. He looked around awkwardly, seeing the children play hide and seek, giggling and laughing. He sighed and couldn't stop the hint of bitterness he was feeling. Even living as nomads and constantly hiding, these children were allowed to be children. He really hated the Dursleys. Standing up, he saw Ali at one of the carriages, looking for something or another. He hesitated but decided that since it looked like they were all going to train him he at least should try and clear the air with her. He didn't want to deal with another Professor Snape out here. Once close enough, he spoke up. "Umm, Ali? Can I talk to you for a sec'?" Startled, she turned around and frowned at him. "What is it?" Sighing, Harry ran a hand through his hair. "I...agreed to the offer. I will stay and train here." "Good." She gave him a jerky nod. "Look...you will train me too, won't you?" She confirmed with another nod. "Okay...so, I just want to explain myself to you. I don't want us to be...like this with each other. No one can work like this." Sighing, Ali sat down at the edge of the carriage and patted the spot next to her. "Alright then, explain." Harry took the offer and sat down. "I should begin with the fact that I thought my name was 'boy' up until I was five years old." He said and chuckled without any humor at the way how Ali's eyebrows vanished under her fringe. "My relatives never once called me by name. Ever. It's either 'freak' or 'boy'. I got beat up for getting bad marks and I got beat up for getting better marks than their pig of a son. I was pretty much a slave for them. I did every single chore in their house. Cooking, cleaning, you name it, I did it." Harry's voice was low and he looked at his hands laying on his lap, fumbling about senselessly. "Then I get this letter and think that I am finally free and end up getting almost killed every year. And then I have this chance to live with my godfather who was rotting away in prison for twelve years innocently and without trial and they end up killing him...or more like doing worse than that, again without even trying to talk to him." He looked up and saw the others waiting for him with his wand and two potions for him. He slid down from the carriage and glanced back at Ali. "I hope you understand a bit better why I had to leave at least." She nodded, a guilty expression on her face. "I do. I am sorry for what I said. And aside from being trained and pushed hard, you can have some peace here. We will see to that." Ali promised him. "Thank you." "I see you talked with Ali. I assume the air is cleared?" Xavier asked. "Yes, it is." Harry confirmed as he glanced back at Ali, who was now walking towards them. "Good. If you will follow us." They walked for a while until they reached a small clearing. "First things first, you wand is now trace-free. You can safely perform any magic you wish to." Harry grinned at that. "Next, we will learn your affinity." He showed Harry a vial with a thick, clear liquid. "You will not drink this. This potion shows the magic that runs in your blood by reacting to a drop of it. A hand please." Harry stretched out a hand and winced as Siobhan pricked a finger with a knife. His blood dropped into the vial, mixing with the liquid. Nothing happened for a while and he almost feared that he somehow failed when the liquid started to change into a black void with bright spots sprinkled in it. Valerie clapped her hands excitedly, almost teary-eyed. "It looks like Valerie finally has the student she had longed for." Xavier chuckled good-naturedly. Harry's mind was swimming. Cosmic magic was his affinity. I really never do anything half-arsed, do I? He thought to himself. "Let us continue." Xavier said, drawing the attention back to himself. "This will cause hallucinations that last only a few short moments. In this time you will see an animal if you have an animagus form. If not, you will only feel dizzy for a while." Again, Harry nodded as he took the while. Taking a deep breath, he downed it. Almost immidiately he saw the environment shift and change and he heard the sound of crows and they got louder and louder until he suddenly saw a single one staring at him. They looked each other in the eyes when it suddenly crowed and he was jerked back into reality. "Well?" They looked at him expectently. Harry took a shaky breath and smiled. "It's a crow." AN: What do you guys think about the different magicks? Let me know!