And why'd ask if Ginny could come?" Ginny just threw her brother a venomous look. "Um, because I thought she would appreciate being included. I don't think she enjoys it to always be stuck with your parents with you, Hermione and me going Merlin knows where, Fred and George disappearing and honestly, who wants to hang with Percy?" He glanced at Ginny and felt oddly pleased with himself as she threw him a beaming smile. "We are the closest to her age, so..." He merely shrugged awkwardly. "Thank you, Harry. I really appreciate it." The redhead girl smiled at him. "That's so thoughtful Harry!" Hermione gushed. "I'm really proud of you. And another girl in our group would be so nice!" The bushy haired girl sat next to Ginny and pulled her into a quick hug. "Yeah, alright, whatever. So what's going on with you? Why'd you drag us up here when there's food down there?" Ron pointed towards the door. "Okay." Harry nodded. He sat down on the floor, facing the other three, who sat on his bed. "Did you guys hear about a recent werewolf attack? Last month?" "Yeah, dad told us about it yesterday. In Little something...somewhere..." "It's Little Whinging, Ron." Harry helped him. Hermione gasped. "That's where your family lives, Harry!" "Blimey!" Ron shouted. "Did you see it?" "Yeah." Harry nodded. "Up close, really." He glanced at Ginny, who remained quiet, up until now. "It bit you, didn't it?" She whispered. The other two stared at him. "Please tell me that isn't true, Harry." Hermione urged him. Harry just gulped audibly, before answering in a shaky voice. "It is. I...got infected. With lycantropy." His vision suddenly went red, as a little cannonball, that smelled like spring flowers, with incredibly strong arms hugged him. "I don't care about it Harry! I won't turn on you!" Ginny said. When she pulled away from the hug, she looked him in the eyes and gave him a smile. Never knew Ginny had such pretty eyes...like chocolate...or caramel, Harry mused as she went to sit back on his bed. "And you two better don't turn your backs on him either!" Ginny threatened Ron and Hermione, but only really narrowed her eyes at Ron, who looked slightly pale. "Of course not! I would never do that." Hermione exclamed. "Besides, I am sure there is something to help you with, Harry. I will definitely do some research." "Mate..." Ron spoke up for the first time since Harry's revelation. "I'll stand by you with this, but...I will need some time to get used to this. This is really huge and well..." "I can understand that, Ron." Harry nodded, but couldn't help but feel a twinge of disappointment. "When did it happen, Harry?" Ginny asked. She has a sweet voice, too. "Umm..." Harry cleared his throat. "Mid-July I think." "That's..." Hermione began before suddenly her eyes got wide. "That means you already had a full moon, Harry! Did you find somewhere safe?" Harry nodded. "I was brought to Hogwarts by the Aurors who found me," Harry began, "and Dumbledore introduced me to a close friend of my dad's who also happens to be a werewolf. He helped me a lot and we spent my transformation in the Forbidden Forest and the Shrieking Shack." Ron perked up at that. "The Shrieking Shack? How...?" "There's a secret tunnel underneath the Whomping Willow that leads there. Apparently he spent his transformations there when he still went to Hogwarts." "So that's why everyone says it's haunted..." Ron mused. "How was it?" Ginny asked with a blush. "The transformation I mean." Harry smiled at her to show her it was okay. He wanted- no, he needed to share this. Remus was a huge help, but it was something else entirely to share this burden of his with his closest friends...and the newest addition who was very close to becoming part of that circle of friends. "It was the most horrible and painful thing I have ever experienced in my life and getting beaten be the Willow will always be the better option than having to change again." Harry said bluntly. Like Remus said: no point in sugarcoating it. The other three paled at that description. "Is it really so bad?" Hermione asked in a shaky voice. "I mean, I can understand if you say it's extremely painful but...so painful?" "I promise you, Hermione...not even Malfoy is someone I'd wish that upon. Not even Voldemort. And he is the one who killed my family." "Blimey..." Ron muttered. "Remus said it's worse when it's your first and when you are still young but it's never not extremely painful." Harry shrugged. "And Hermione," the bushy haired girl looked up. "About that research...there's not really anything you can do. The best would be the wolfsbane potion but I already know about it and took it." "Oh? What does it do?" Hermione asked. "It helps to keep your human mind when transforming. For me it was like...I was still me but in a different body with different instincts. You are not a wild beast anymore." "But that's amazing!" Hermione clasped her hands excitedly. "Will you get it in school?" "Snape will make it for me and Remus." Harry nodded. At their questioning looks, Harry added. "He only hinted at it but I think he will get a teaching position. Probably DADA." "Well...looks like Dumbledore got it all figured out." Ron added. "Yeah." Harry nodded. "We will stay by you, mate. Don't worry. Just...give us some time to adjust to this." Smiling, Harry nodded again. He just hoped it wouldn't take too long for them. AN : I edited this. Sorry about that whole bunch of spelling mistakes and stuff. I wrote this on my mobile after waking up after working night shift. The result was, well, to be expected I guess. And for whatever reason, after saving my documents the word ' ' just vanishes. Weird stuff. I hope it will be there this time.