and looked at Harry who gazed down and she followed his eyes. Her brother tried to trip her again. He was talking with some other Gryffindors while having his leg stretched out, trying to be unobtrusive. Ginny stomped on his foot with the heel of hers, making him howl in pain. She smirked and kept walking, so Harry and she were with their fellow Slytherins. "What the hell, Ginny?!" Her brother shouted at her angrily. "Shouldn't have tried to trip me. Did you forget what happened in the Hogwarts Express?" Her brother flushed a furious red but didn't answer. "Do you mean when he was all starkers, Weasley?" Daphne, who overheard the siblings, asked Ginny. Ginny nodded, smirking. The blonde Slytherin laughed out at that, managing to get a nice going, Weasley! out, before telling the other Slytherins who hadn't heard about that event yet. Ron looked at Ginny with disgust, his face red with embarassment, and Ginny returned his look with a sneer. It was then when the door opened. The students entered the potions class room, Slytherins on one side and Gryffindors on the other. The head of Slytherin marched towards his desk, all the while speaking. "You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potion-making. As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don't expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses. . . I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren't as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach." He let his gaze wander, taking his new students in, before he stopped. "Ah, yes. Mr. Potter. Our new...celebrity. And in Slytherin no less." He felt Ginny glance at him as he kept his eyes firmly on Snape. "Tell me, Mr. Potter: what will I get if I add Powdered Root of Asphodel to an infusion of Wormwood?" Harry thought for a moment, distracted by the Gryffindor girl, Hermione, who had her arm up and was jumping up and down, trying to get the Professors attention. "Umm...should be Draught of Living Death." Snape kept glaring at him. "Where would you look if I tell you to find me a Bezoar?" "In the stomach of a goat." That one was easy. "What is the difference between Monkshood and Wolfsbane?" "Uhh...I think they were the same plant, weren't they?" Snape nodded, begrudgingly. "Correct. 10 points for Slytherin." He looked as if he swallowed something nasty. "Why is no one writing this down?" He barked at the class, before turning towards the blackboard. Ginny smirked at him. "You'd think he'd be proud or something that one of his own knew the answers to those questions." Harry shrugged at her. "Maybe he doesn't like me. I don't know." Snape waved his wand at the blackboard and a set of instructions appeared. "You will attempt to create the cure for boils. Instructions are on the board. Begin." Harry and Ginny were working dilligently on their potion, adding the ingridients and working them point for point as instructed. Snape walked between the rows, giving the odd Slytherin hints and tipps, while barking at the Gryffindors, especially one chubby and nervous looking boy. Close to the end of class said boy's cauldron suddenly started to melt as a horrid odor filled the classroom. Snape marched over to the boy, waving his wand and banishing the failed potion. "Longbottom! What does the instruction on the board say about the porcupine quills?" "T-t-take cauldron o-off the f-fire, b-b-before adding t-the quills..." He stammered, wide eyed. "You will write 20 inches about why you failed to follow the instructions correctly. 20 points from Gryffindor." With that Snape looked at the class. "The rest of you, fill your vials with your potion and bring them to my desk. They will be marked by next class." Harry heard Malfoy and his gorillas sniggering at the chubby boy's plight, while the other Slytherins just were laughing silently among themselves at having a Gryffindor embarrass himself. Harry didn't really care either way but raised a brow at Ginnys amusement. "I like that Professor. I hope he will give Ron what for too. His potion looks horrible." The redhead said. "You seem to hate him so much more than others. Why? I always thought twins are real tight." Harry wondered. Ginny glanced at him, before fumbling in her bag looking for her vial. "Wenn I tried to talk to him about...you know, he said I was just looking for attention. That I didn't need the attention. I was already the first Weasley girl in several generations. Why would I need more attention? Why would I accuse a family member with something like this on top of all the attention seeking?" She looked angrily at her twin before carefully filling her vial. "He was always whiny about being the youngest of six boys and all that stuff, but accusing me of attention seeking when I try to look for help in my family...after that he just started tripping me, pushing me around and stuff. So, yeah. The others were horrible, but Ron was the worst of the lot." Nodding in understanding, Harry looked at Ginny's potion and it had almost the identical pink smoke coming out of her couldron. His was just a bit darker. Or hers brighter. He wasn't exactly sure which one. After handing their filled vials to the Professor they headed out to the great hall for dinner before going to their common room to start the homework. Working together on it they finished all their assignments pretty quickly. After they were done they bid each other good night before heading to their dormitories. All in all, they both thought that they had a pretty successful first day at Hogwarts.