Just come along here to this stool and take off your bag, please." She waved him over, giving the scarred boy a pleasant, polite smile to which he nodded shyly in response before shuffling over. The stool she offered to him was right beside the other boy's, whom Harry managed to get a closer look at. The boy was taller than him, he guessed, even if he was standing on a stool. He had a pointed face and sleek, pale blonde hair, which almost appeared white. He had a mix of a scowl and a childish pout planted on his face, though Harry didn't blame him, as the boy was being hovered over by the tailor and had his robes readjusted every few seconds, before being bombarded with questions. The boy peered down at him and his gaze narrowed, but Harry wasn't sure whether or not it was because of his scars or his plain attire. Probably both. After a few minutes of standing around and watching the tailor do her job, she finally focused her attention on him. He simply nodded and replied shortly to any of her questions, but he didn't think she minded. She was a bit of a chatterbox, he quickly realized, as she was babbling about who-knows-what while directing him to shed his coat and bag, before rushing to grab a bundle of fabrics and pins. After managing to measure him, which thankfully, he didn't have to strip for, as he feared, she dashed to the back, assumingly to grab more materials. It was then he noticed the blond boy staring at him, though he was pretending not to do so, as every time Harry whirled his head at him, the git simply looked away. Finally catching him in the act after a few seconds, Harry's face formed into a deep scowl. "Can you stop staring at me?" The boy, defeated, looked back at him, finally free to stare openly. He raised a dainty, light eyebrow, his expression unchanged. "What spell hit you?" He drawled, crossing his arms while still dressed in his dark, long robes. Harry narrowed his gaze, turning his head away and by extension, his scarred cheek. "Excuse me?" "Your scars. I assume you got hit by some sort of hex?" The boy spoke with a light accent, though Harry couldn't pinpoint which one it was. Some sort of European one, maybe French? He didn't care, to be honest, as he was getting fairly annoyed by this kid pretty quickly. "Uh, no. Fire." Harry said shortly, staring the boy down. The boy's grey eyes met his, seemingly unintimidated. Instead, he raised both of his eyebrows in disbelief, though his gaze was still half-lidded. "Curious. There are spells to put out fires, you know. Not sure how it would've gotten big enough to damage your face; your parents were wizards, right? At least, I'd hope so." He mused, glancing down at his cuticles. Why did Harry think the wizarding world would be any better than the orphanage? If anything, this kid was more pretentious than all of his peers combined. He smiled tightly, clenching his right fist in an attempt to restrain himself from strangling this pompous git. "Yeah, I don't know. I'll go ask them about it next time I see them at the graveyard." That seemed to shut the little frog up. He simply shrugged and looked away, and Harry knew the conversation was over. Thank god . Just as he spoke his last word, the tailor rushed back in, seemingly done, as she had a large smile on her face. "Alright, dear, your robes are ready. You can go up to the counter and pay now." She nodded at Harry, who raised his eyebrow in pleasant surprise. That was quick; but when you have magic, life's easier, huh? He stepped down from the stool, grabbing his belongings and walked over towards the counter with Galleons in his hand, ready to pay. She accepted his coins and gave him a large bag, in which Harry noticed the dark fabric was neatly folded inside. Thanking her, he left the tailory and by extension, that blond rat. Honestly , good riddance. Outside, it didn't look too different than it did when he entered the shop, though the sky was a shade darker. With his bags in tow, he made his way back towards the entrance of Diagon Alley. The walk was fairly silent, as the stray wizards from before had assumedly left the alley. The only sound that filled his ears were the occasional flapping of wings and calls of crows, almost sounding like a soothing melody. What a long day. At least there was only one month left. Though his expectations and hopes had been somewhat ruined by the few wizards he did interact with, he was still optimistic. He could set a new reputation for himself, even if it will be difficult to do so. If all failed and he wouldn't be able to gather any positive attention, then at least Harry could look forward to not having to sleep in that grey, plain room for the rest of the year. After all, how bad can Hogwarts really be? Author's Note: And we're off! Next stop: Hogwarts! If you managed to find this story and read 'till the end, then welcome, and I hope you stay along for the ride! It only goes downhill from here, and I don't mean it in writing quality, hehe. (; It's my first story in a looooong while, so I'm open to any constructive criticism. I've played around the wide of a burn-scar!Harry for a while, so I'm excited for its fruition, and I hope someone out there is too! If this idea or execution had been done before, please notify me, but keep in mind that I do have some plans thought out already that I hope will heavily differentiate this story. c: Once again, thank you for reading and stay tuned for more!