hand and rummaging through the pile in search of a box of Bertie Bott's with the other. "Cheers." Sirius went to grab the packet, his fingers brushing against James' hand and both boys froze in shock. James had been told stories about what it was like to meet your soul mate all his life. His parents had been lucky enough to find each other and had taken great joy in telling their only son about how everything they'd known had changed. The stories didn't do it justice, in James' opinion. The compartment, which had been varying shades of grey, white and black, was suddenly overwhelmingly bright. Colour was everywhere and for some reason, James found that he knew the names of all of them even though he'd never seen them before. Sirius made a small noise of surprise and James snapped his attention back onto his new friend. The boy's hair was black, which given how dark it had been, wasn't really surprising and his eyes were grey with a hint of blue around the pupils. James found himself staring and tried to shake himself out of his daze, but wherever his gaze fell there were more colours to look at. The bright green fields outside the window had a certain charm to them and he spent a few minutes with his face close to the glass, trying to drink as much in as he could. "D-did it happen to you, too?" Sirius asked quietly a few moments later, staring at James intently. "Yeah." He breathed back, meeting Sirius' look with his own. "Yeah, it did." "What the bloody hell's going on, Potter?" He wondered warily and James felt his mouth drop open. "You mean you don't know about-?" He was cut off by Sirius' annoyed glare. "Of course I know what it means. That we're… soul mates." He whispered the last part, as if it had only just occurred to him. "Yeah, I guess we are." James was still shocked; it hadn't been expected, but he'd also been hoping for this day to come for as long as he could remember. His parents' stories had always sounded too good to be true and he had always wished that one day he'd be able to see that they weren't. "How can you be so calm about this?" Sirius demanded, his eyes wide in panic. James reached out to grab his hand and pretended not to be hurt when the other boy shrank away from him. "It's not that bad, is it? Why are you so scared?" James knew he'd hit a nerve when Sirius stopped short and glared at him fiercely. He was about to apologise when he felt a tentative hand grab hold of his and wrap around his fingers tightly. "I'm not scared." Sirius muttered angrily and then he moaned and threw his head backwards so he was staring at the ceiling. "My parents are going to kill me. No one in my family has met their soul mate in four hundred years and of course mine is a bloke." He sighed heavily and lifted his head to glance at James, offering him a wry smile. "Breaking traditions indeed, eh?" "So you're not… worried… anymore?" Sirius didn't answer that question and instead shot him a levelling look. "I'm not a poof, just so you know." James hadn't even considered that possibility and he stared at the boy in front of him for a few seconds before speaking. "Neither am I." "But aren't soul mates supposed to be, I don't know, in love or something?" Sirius asked hesitantly, picking at his fingernails and staring out of the window as he waited for an answer. "I think we can be whatever we want. I'm pretty sure there aren't any rules about this." James said, watching Sirius' face carefully. "So, we don't have to…" Sirius trailed off nervously and James was quick to shake his head. "Nah. My grandmother's soul mate was her sister, so no, we definitely don't have to do anything. We can be friends." James was uncertain and he glanced up at Sirius. "Right? Being friends with me wouldn't be so terrible, would it?" "I don't know." Sirius teased. "I'm beginning to regret letting you sit in here. You're clearly nothing but trouble, Potter." "Yeah, yeah." James grumbled. Outside the window, the fields were slowly turning into buildings, rows and rows of red brick houses appearing seemingly out of nowhere. "C'mon. My dad said that as soon as the houses started to change into our robes." "I bloody hate these things." Sirius complained as he pulled his trunk from the rack, tossing it unceremoniously on the seat and then opened it. From his position James could see that the trunk was lined in a dark green with silver threads shimmering from the overhead light. The Slytherin house crest was visible on some of the things piled neatly beneath Sirius' robes and he scoffed derisively at them before slamming the lid shut. James focussed on getting his own robes out after that and pulled them out of his trunk quickly. A photo of him with his parents caught his eye and he paused to smile at the three waving figures standing in his living room. Behind him, he could hear Sirius cursing as he tried to tug the robes on over his shoes. Hiding a grin, he concentrated on changing into his robes, toeing his shoes off before pulling the material over his legs. Just after he sat down again, watching in amusement as Sirius struggled to push his trunk back onto the rack, a voice echoed through the compartment. Both boys stopped moving in order to listen. "We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes' time. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken to the school separately." "This is it then, I guess." James said as the train started to slow down. Sirius nodded and pushed passed him into the corridor with a laugh.