him and the image of a village full of wizards and magic imprinted itself in his mind. '.. .I need you to acquire some ingredients for a ritual ...' Barty didn't even consider what price a ritual his lord casted would cost as he leapt to acquiesce. "Of course, my Lord! I will acquire only the best for you!" His lord's pleasure and a faint fondness that, hadn't he already pledged all of himself to him already, would've made him do so now. He was his lord, his liege, and his master ; everything he wanted and needed and didn't deserve. '. ..We are going to create me a new body. There is still much I need to accomplish in this world .' {FRIENDS} September 1st, 1992, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry "RAVENCLAW!" Harry Potter smiled widely as he removed the funny old hat from his head and strode to his uproariously applauding house. Most of the hubbub no doubt stemmed from his brother Charlus, the Boy Who Lived, but that hardly mattered to him as he took his place between his two best friends. On his right was a pretty blond who smiled lazily at him as she draped a necklace made of leather-like white vines around his neck. She was Luna Lovegood, his self-appointed 'spirit guide' since the age of six when they met in a primary school. On his left was a brunet with a permanently fixed bored expression whose only acknowledgment was a satisfied glint in his dark grey eyes. Raphael Lestrange, the boy he'd become acquainted with since before he could count due to their parents being business partners and tentative friends. They made his arrival at Hogwarts far easier than it would've been after so many years of being able to freely travel around the globe at every change of the season. Now he would have to remain in one place for ten months and only get to visit his favorite places - the lily water sprite resort in the alcove of Niagara Falls, the wild Phoenix habitable zone in China, etcetera - during the short breaks he had in between. It was going to be a hard adjustment, especially since there were so many people around and his magic did not like it. No one around was exactly the paragon of magical control, and his active magic could sense that. Thankfully, his older brother was also close by, though he was in Gryffindor, as was to be expected of his adventurous sibling. Without even glancing over at the Lion's table, he knew Charlus was sulking childishly. His brother had boasted to his friends how Harry would be joining him in the den and the things he'd teach him now that he was there at Hogwarts. They both had known what house suited him better, but Charlus had still insisted he would be a lion. It was so like him, considering how attached at the hip they'd been before Hogwarts. Though it was a combination of Charlus' magic being among the only to actually calm his and Charlus' overprotective habits that caused that. He couldn't depend on his older brother forever though, and his sorting into another house only proved that. "Harry! Eat, or I will tell Charlus you've overlooked your health for a round of introspection again," one of his closest friends drawled threateningly, piling mashed potatoes and then salad on his empty plate. "Don't want him to come over and spoon-feed you in front of the entire school, do you?" Harry graced him with a dull expression absent of amusement. "Do so and I'll tell Drake you've snuck into his hair products again," he retorted, lips contorting into a pleasant smile. "Don't want a repeat of the first time when you mistook a hair-curling cream for shampoo, do we?" Raphael sent him a sneer that would have made their Uncle Severus proud. After years of being tutored by the Potion's Master, both of them could mimic a few of his classic expressions, but Phae was the better at making them perfectly his own. "And who was the one who decided it was prudent to follow a Whomping Delliuh into its nest and attempt to adopt one of its chicks?" Harry grasped his covered collarbone where a deep purple scar lay, the result of the mentioned event that still throbbed ever so often. It was only thanks to his Godbrother, Neville, that he wasn't permanently paralyzed - thank Mother Magic the older boy knew how to handle the bird-plant hybrid creature. But that wasn't an experience he enjoyed, more for the resulting punishment and scolding from his mother and brother than the injury. He still shuddered years after, the punishment was too cruel to relive, even in his memories. He twisted his face with betrayal. "We swore never to speak of that!" He hissed, and turned away to lean on Luna, who allowed him to do so as she hummed a random melody. "Luna, Phae's betrayed me! I don't think I could ever trust him again." She played along gladly and patted his head indulgently. "The Sarrena Warmites have claimed his mind, next is his heart," she declared solemnly, eyes gaining a faraway quality. "He shall be lost by night's end." "We shall mourn him." Harry concurred gravely, looking in the same direction before closing his eyes. "But we shall live in his memory. We shall curl our hair until the end of our days, just like he always wanted." "Oi, that's enough. Just eat already." Harry and Luna laughed at Raphael's exasperation and all three proceeded to enjoy dinner, all the while selectively oblivious to the strange looks they received from their classmates. Harry couldn't care less what they thought, Luna and Raphael were his friends and he'd act however he liked with them. They were among the most dear to him in his life, and that was reason enough for him to discard the rest of the world around them.