an innate affinity to explore the shop by himself. Mr. Ollivander hadn't needed to say much; Scorpius started wandering about on his own, collecting and inspecting the wands that seemed to be calling him. After a few seconds of examining each wand, Scorpius guessed the components of all of them right. After an afternoon full of fascinating discussions on wandlore, Mr. Ollivander promised that if he studied hard, Scorpius would have a wandcraft apprenticeship waiting for him when he finished his Seventh year. Astoria can't remember another time when Scorpius had gotten home so radiant, with a beam that almost blinded from how warm and bright it was. Well, maybe just another time. One that concerned a certain red-haired girl. In fact, a red-haired girl that- Her train of thought is suddenly interrupted. " You are important to me too," Scorpius murmurs, and Astoria can tell that he's anxious about her condition. Having been away for so long, with barely any permission for communication with the outside world while throwing himself at the most adventurous, sometimes dangerous situations had to have taken its toll on him. Merlin knows it did on her and Draco. "Mom, I-" Astoria stretches her arm and ruffles his hair until it's unruly, just the way she always did when he was a little kid. " I wanted you to go, Scorpius." For a moment she thinks he's going to argue but instead Scorpius settles, too relieved to finally be here to start another argument, like the ones they'd had before Astoria had to practically beg him to go. "It was a once in a lifetime opportunity and you know that." Scorpius worries his lower lip and looks down nervously, his free hand fidgeting on his lap. "I know," he whispers, and he only meets his mother's gaze when she tilts his chin up, noticing how concern is seeping into his features as the seconds go by. "But you shouldn't have guilt-tripped me into it." Which, in truth, she kind of had. "I was away for so long. What if you-" Astoria doesn't let him finish the sentence. She knows where he's going with this. "I'm still here. Isn't that what matters?" That still stings him, burns him inside but Scorpius decides to let it go for now, nodding mutely in response. "Now, tell me all about you," she says softly, leaning on her side to give him her undivided attention. "I want to know why you're back early and how the apprenticeship went. I want to hear all about your adventures." His mother has always been good at deflecting the subject, Scorpius thinks idly. She's always been good at making things about everyone else but her. Before he can decide whether to indulge his mother's curiosity for her sake, or to deny it in favor of finding out more about her condition and how she's feeling for his own, to ask about his father even, the sound of footsteps and voices and metallic clicking fill the room coming from the hallway. At first, Scorpius thinks nothing much of it, assuming that rounds are starting, just like Nurse Goode had said. But then his entire body stills. Even after so many years of knowing her , Scorpius still hasn't figured out why he can often be aware of her presence before actually seeing her. At the same time that a sense of peace settles in him, his heart starts beating faster and his mind slows down as if to prepare him for her arrival, like it usually does. Even though Scorpius has never been able to find a reasonable, logical explanation for it, it's never failed him. And so if it's happening right now, she has to be around somewhere. Rose Weasley , the girl he's had a crush on since he was eleven years old and first laid his eyes on her. Rose Weasley , the girl who matches her mother's brains and her father's temper, laced with a charm that is her own and that has always been irresistible to him. Rose Weasley , his best friend's cousin and his own too, after they put aside their divergences following the events of their Fourth Year. Rose Weasley , his girlfriend since the Summer before their Seventh Year until its end, almost exactly a year later. Rose Weasley , the only girl Scorpius has ever had eyes for. The only one he 's ever loved . He doesn't know why he is surprised at the feeling. He hasn't spoken to Rose ever since he left, sure, but he knew she wanted to become a Healer. So obviously, it would make sense for her to actually be at St. Mungo's except that Scorpius had never really envisioned her there. He's always had bigger dreams for her than that… If Scorpius hadn't been so self-centered in that moment thinking of her , he would have likely noticed the sly smirk that tugged at his mother's lips suddenly, the devious glint in her eyes as she realized who was probably about to come in. Checking the old clock on the far wall, Astoria realizes that indeed it's almost time for rounds so she figures that she's probably right. Besides, Scorpius has always seemed slightly intuitive whenever Rose was about to walk into a room, as if he and Rose shared an unspoken connection. Astoria's smug features turn to more innocent ones when Scorpius swiftly glances at her as if wanting to share his suspicions. His mother shrugs noncommittally, as if she has no idea what he could possibly be thinking about. The facade lasts for exactly three seconds after that, the time it takes for someone outside to knock on the door, not caring to wait too long to be invited in. And in comes none other than Rose Weasley. xxxxxxxxxx Author's Note: Please leave a review and let me know what you think :) I'm you-make-me-wander on tumblr and pinterest, youmakemewander on twitter and you_make_me_wander on instagram