to explore the unknown and take the risks we never thought we would even see." Hermione sniffed as she tried to wipe her tears away carefully. Returning her hands into his, she squeezed gently. "Thank you, Ron. I really do love you, so very much." Her voice had a tone of finality to it. She glanced out towards the crowd of friends and family members. They all looked expectantly up at them. They didn't know what was going on. Some were waiting patiently, but most of the guests seemed to be getting restless. She saw Harry and Ginny, and her parents, all giving her encouraging smiles. Moving her sights towards the back of the room, she saw a flash of long, blond hair exit the room. She inhaled sharply, and moved to follow the person. She paused before she could even take a step and looked back towards Ron. He smiled at her. "Go. I'll take care of everything here. I love you, 'Mione." He hugged her tightly before giving her a light shove in the direction of the exit. She picked up the skirt of the billowing wedding dress and began running. She could barely hear Ron explaining to the guests that there would be no wedding today before she was out the door. She rounded the corner and almost ran directly into Narcissa Malfoy. She was slightly disappointed to see that it was the Malfoy matron, but still pleased to see one of the Malfoy's nonetheless. "Narcissa. Please, tell me. Where is Draco?" Hermione asked, almost pleading. Narcissa pursed her lips, but they were upturned slightly. "You'll find him in his office, dear. He's been trying to distract himself all day." She gave Hermione a look that she couldn't decipher. Hermione scrunched her eyebrows together. Trying to distract himself? She thought. Distract himself from what? Hermione nodded at Narcissa. "Thank you. I have to go. I'm sorry." She began to move quickly towards the fireplace. As she picked up a handful of floo powder and stepped into the fireplace, she heard Narcissa say quietly, "Nothing to be sorry for, dear." Before she could be distracted any more, she threw down the powder and called out, "Malfoy Enterprises!" She coughed as she stepped out of the elegant fireplace in the lobby of Malfoy Enterprises. Glancing quickly down at her dress she saw that it was covered in soot. Sorry, Molly. She thought. I'll get this cleaned up, I promise. She looked up and saw that the receptionist was giving her a wide-eyed look, completely in shock. Hermione gave the girl a nervous smile and a shrug, before she bolted past her down the hallway. Knowing Draco's office would be near the end of the hallway, she walked as quickly as she could without giving her presence away. At the end of the hallway was a door with a golden, engraved plate across it. Draco Malfoy, CEO . Hermione put her hand on the doorknob and took a deep breath. She twisted the doorknob, stepped into the office, and— She froze. Hermione was silent as she took in the carnage before her. There were papers and books strewn all over the room. It looked as if a lamp had been thrown against the wall, and pieces of glass were on the floor. The bookshelves were empty, and one was tilted against the other. In the middle of the room, behind his desk, sat Draco Malfoy with his head in his hands. His hair just long enough to shield her from his view without lifting his head. "I've told you, Lacey, I am in no state to take any—" Draco stopped as he looked up. Hermione inhaled a quiet, sharp breath as his grey eyes locked on hers. Confusion splashed across his face before turning back into a guarded look. "Hermione? What— What are you doing here? What happened?" Taking in her dirtied dress and reddened eyes, Draco stood up suddenly. "Is everything alright?" He moved from behind his desk and crossed the room to her, his documents and files crunching under his feet. "Draco, I- I need to know. Who is it?" Hermione knew she didn't need to elaborate. He knew exactly what she was talking about. She saw Draco swallow hard. He locked eyes with her again. "You. Always you," he said, his gaze never wavering. Hermione let go of the breath she hadn't known she was holding. "Why didn't you tell me?" "I couldn't. It would ruin you, being tied to me forever; it would. I bullied you relentlessly in school. I was marked as a Death Eater, no matter how lousy of one I was. My name carries the burden of being linked to blood supremacy." He looked down finally, nodding his head. "Being friends with you is one thing, but more? I could never condemn you to a fate such as that. And then you were with the Weasel again. I wasn't about to stop you from having a happiness without those dark blemishes." Draco gulped, keeping his eyes on the ground. He jerked his head up when he heard Hermione's sudden hysterical laughter. He gave her a confused look, and she reigned herself in long enough to speak. "You're an idiot. I'm an idiot. Both of us." That was all she could say before she burst into laughter again. Seeing as this didn't explain much, Draco waited once more for her to speak again. Once Hermione had finished laughing, she took a few deep breaths. She looked at Draco and grinned, feeling the happiest she had been in a long time. "You never told me that I was your mate, so I assumed that I wasn't. I tried to move on, and I thought that I was in love with Ron. Obviously it was a more platonic love, and I've also just found out that he feels the same way. I've been in love with someone else this whole time." "Who?" "You, Draco. Always you."