AN at the bottom of this story when you finish. Chapter 22 : The Seduction of Severus Snape The submissive was sprawled out on the sofa in their bedroom, his knees bent over the arm as he read this month's potions journal. Of course, he was not aware that he was being watched by his dominant mate, who was pretending quite convincingly that he was completely focused on the letter he was drafting to the new minister of magic, Amelia Bones. Severus had chosen to adorn one of Harry's shirts again, and Harry was certain that he did it simply to torture him with temptation. The deep green tee was comfortably loose on Harry's broad torso, but it practically swallowed Severus' lean form, hanging just over his rounded bum. The savior greedily took in his submissive's body as he stretched, the rumpled hem pulling up to reveal the tip of his bare cock as he spread his legs to get more comfortable. Harry let out a rumbling growl, the sound low and warm in the room. Severus gasped at the unexpected sound of arousal, flitting his eyes over to his dominant and pausing at the dark in his eyes. Severus swallowed, eyes widening when he felt his thighs slick. "Gods, you're beautiful," Harry said in a husky tone, undressing him with his eyes. Severus blushed and shook his head in the negative. Harry lifted a hand, and Severus' magazine came flying into it with a dull thud. He doggy eared the page, his eyes never leaving those of his mate. The dominant Haltija tossed it onto the bed and prowled toward the couch. "Magnificent." Severus didn't didn't know what he was expecting, but it wasn't for Harry to pull him around so that his lower half was hanging off the couch. It certainly wasn't for his large hands to part his legs and push them up. It definitely wasn't for him to put his lips against his hole and suck hard. "Ah!" Severus mewled in surprise, his cheeks flaming at the situation he found himself in. "Dom Dominus! That's gross!" Harry just hummed, rocking his tongue into the crevice only to start a thorough massage of the rosebud clenching the wet appendage. Severus moaned in response, relaxing his legs over Harry's shoulders and giving in to the pleasure. "Merlin," Harry rasped as he pulled away, throwing Severus onto the bed like he weighed nothing at all. "If I could just have you like this all the time." Severus sprawled out on the counterpane, gasping when Harry crawled on top of him and removed his shirt from his too pale body. The warmth from his dominant was tangible, and he reached up to latch himself around the Haltija like a sloth. "Filioli mei sodalis. Ego protector tuus sum usque in sempiternum." The dominant whispered, nuzzling the man's neck. "Es meus." The smaller wizard bared his neck in offering, pressing his groin up towards Harry's leaking length. Harry chuckled, and his clothing disappeared. "Tua, dominus. Semper." Harry's smile was a blinding one, and the magic grew thick between them. "You must be sure, little one. There is no going back once I have claimed you." "Tua," He said more forcefully, grinding upwards onto Harry. "Take me. Volo te!" Harry slid into him, the slick coating his dick like a glove as Severus screamed at the tension of their magic. "Too much. So much. HarryHarryHarry please." The dominant cooed as he flipped into a sitting position, lifting the smaller man up and down on his massive cock. He watched as his girth stretched Severus' little hole without trouble, Severus' hormones stretching him wide to accept it. "I'm going to fill you up, cicaro," Harry told him, his voice calm as Severus squirmed and keened. "Et imple. Aliam tibi." "Yes!" the submissive moaned, falling back as Harry climbed over him, thrusting in and out at a brutal pace. Severus' mouth opened in a silent gasp, his back arching as his little dick spurted hot come onto his stomach. Harry just kept pounding into him, Severus letting out little noises. "Bite me," Severus cried out, sobbing as Harry started angling straight for his prostate despite his overstimulation. It felt so good that it hurt. "BiteBiteBiteBite—" Harry bite down on the pale flesh of his neck as he filled him with his seed, Severus' scream music to his ears. They remained joined for many minutes, Harry pulling them back into a sitting position to hold Severus in the crook of his neck. He stroked the thin back, rocking slightly in a soothing rhythm. The older man began crying again, moving to place both of his hands upon Harry's firm chest as he grinded down onto his girth. "I love you, little one," Harry told him, guiding the man as he rode him. Severus pressed down, gyrating slowly before his head fell back in a soft moan. "I love you so goddamned much," Harry whispered, catching the man as he fell forward against his neck. "Yours," Severus affirmed, and Harry nodded softly. "You will always be mine, mate. Now and always." Fin… for now. Filioli mei sodalis. Ego protector tuus sum usque in sempiternum. Es meus. My little mate. I will protect you forever. You are mine. Tua dominatur. Semper. Yours, dominant. Always. Take me. Volo te. Take me now. I want you. Et imple. Aliam tibi. Fill you. Breed you. AN: This is the last chapter of Secure, but soon I will have the story open for the sequel. I'm sure you're all very excited for some more snarry fluff, as well as some Lucius and Draco presence. I would like to remind you all that you must answer the poll located on my profile in order for your vote to count towards Lucius' future partner. Reviews are lovely, but I'm not looking at them for the tally. Thank you so much for all the love. I'll see you all again very soon. story/story_ ?storyid=12282557 70/70