of hair on Harry's chest as he thought. "What would you prefer, sir?" Harry smiled, softly running his fingers through Severus' hair. "I would prefer you to be comfortable, my own." He took a deep breath. "Then I will move all my personal belongings, but leave the potions lab and keep the furniture and dishware set up so that I can have that private space… if that's alright with you." Harry kissed his mate's hair. "I think that's the best idea. That way, if you want time away from me, or just quiet time away from everyone, you have that space to yourself." Severus burrowed closer. "So I have eyes brighter than emeralds, eh Sev?" Harry mentioned after a moment of silence. "And you hate how I make you feel so warm?" Severus' eyes widened and he whimpered, pressing close. "Oh, baby don't be embarrassed," Harry soothed, rubbing his back. "I'm not being mean. I think it's adorable. I also think it's rather cute that you pulled it out to show me when your creature wouldn't let you speak." Severus hissed. "I could not let you leave." Harry rocked as Severus clung to him, not understanding. "Why? I would've come back next month. I would have talked this out with you beforehand, most likely." Severus shook his head. "Too many leave. I couldn't do it again." Harry closed his eyes slowly, realizing their age difference. "You've presented yourself every month since your seventeenth birthday?" Severus nodded, feeling his eyes burn at the repeated rejection. No dominant had wanted him and not felt a desire to bring him great harm. Not one. Until Harry. Harry hummed, letting Severus relax back into his hold. "I'm so sorry, sweetheart. If I had known of my heritage, I would've trained before my coming of age and claimed you the moment I heard your call." The younger man stood, bringing them both up to stand only to chuckle when Severus did not release him. "Your heat should end in just a moment. Looks like we got lucky. Your lust only hit three times." Severus nodded again, looking morose. Harry released him to lift his chin, pressing a kiss to his mouth. "Of course, my little one, I only say that because I lack the stamina to keep up with a submissive in a frenzied heat. I adore you and your body, and I am surely blessed to have been able to express that." Severus didn't look like he knew whether to believe him or not. "Are we to not—um—are you to leave me untouched outside of my heat?" he questioned softly, Harry laughed, pulling a shirt on over Severus' head. "I can assure you that I would be most disappointed in that turn of events," he gasped before turning serious. "Unless, of course, you are uncomfortable. I can wait to indulge in you outside of your heat if you are not ready. I will not pressure you, luv." The potion's master smiled, looking down at his decidedly muggle attire. "Harry Potter," he exclaimed aghast, "What on earth do you have me wearing?" Harry laughed again, dusting invisible lint off of his shoulder. "I want you to be comfortable. Neither one of our clothes will fit us today, as our adaptations have made you smaller and me somewhat larger. You're wearing clothing of my own from about two years ago. I had this set aside already for my growth. I'll take you shopping today after we talk to Minnie of course." Severus startled at that. "Minerva! What, why? Why would we need to do that?" Harry backed up in confusion. "To tell her we are moving you to my rooms… Are you alright?" Severus' heat had just ended though, and hiding his emotions came naturally once again. "Of course." Harry narrowed his eyes and moved towards him, reminding himself to remain calm and comforting rather than harsh. "Severus," he whispered, leaning down to drop his words into his ear, "little one." Severus seemed to become boneless, the tenseness floating out of him. "My own, do not hide from me. Here it is just us. Here you will not be judged." There was silence within the room for a long minute, and Severus took the time to really notice his surroundings. Harry's room was not red like he had suspected, but a light blue, and his sheets and accenting décor was a soft grey. Harry came closer to him during his inspection, pulling him against a sturdy chest and enclosing him inside his arms. "I have told no one besides Albus of my heritage," he admitted in a breath. "I have told no one that I am a submissive." Harry cooed, and he was ashamed to melt at the sound. "Do not be ashamed of what you are, my own," Harry assured him. "There is nothing wrong. This does not make you weak, Severus. Just as this does not make me strong." Severus' submissive rushed to reassure Harry. "But you are strong, dominant. You are!" Harry chuckled, noting that though he was not in heat any longer, Severus wasn't completely repressing his nature, around him at the least. "I am strong, but not because I am your dominant. I am strong because I have worked hard to be, trained to be, and have witnessed enough to be. You are strong, because you have worked hard to be, witnessed enough to be, and more than proved it." Severus nodded and Harry figured that he was done with words. "Are you ready to go talk to the headmistress now?" he questioned. "She will surely be curious as the pulse of power that went through his castle in the night." "What time is it, Harry?" he questioned. "Why, it is just past eight. About time for breakfast don't you think? I can treat you to anything you want after our discussion." And Severus Snape blushed, because no one had ever offered something so kind as to let him choose anything.