them, and Umbridge, ceasing her interrogation of Harry, dropped her wand from its position at his neck. She cackled with cruel glee, clapping her hands together, like a toddler with a new toy. Harry and Ron's eyes were alight with fury, and Ron once again lunged for Malfoy, but failed. Hermione was speechless. He hit her. He actually hit her. It would have been better if he'd cursed her rather than hit her, but he ended any hope they had of rekindling...whatever it was. Deep down, she knew that the slap hadn't hurt so much as the words. Rather, word. Mudblood. He'd actually said it. Draco...no...Malfoy reached down to pick her up again, but she flinched away from his touch involuntarily, scrambling back as well as she could with her arms bound, refusing to look into his eyes. He knelt down and grasped her chin, forcing her to look up at him, but when she did, she was haunted by what she saw there. His eyes were empty. No hatred, or affection, or comfort, or disgust, just empty. Apathetic. None of the spark she'd grown accustomed to seeing in those steel grey eyes during confrontations. None of the emotion she'd grown to admire - if nothing else - and accepted. Even the hatred showed he had some level of emotion for her. Lost in thought, she barely registered his words. "Aw, don't you trust me." His voice was mocking, and she scrunched her eyes shut as he grabbed her arm, yanking her up. "For Merlin's sake, mudblood. Get up!" It didn't hurt any less the second time. "Go to hell." She spat. "Ooh, touchy. Perhaps you would like another taste of how your lot will be treated once the new regime takes over." Her eyes widened. He couldn't mean... "Or," he offered, "would prefer to simply obey?" He smirked, reaching a hand towards her cheek again, which she immediately knocked away as best she could. "Unbind my hands." She whispered from her place on the floor, trying to hide the hurt from her voice. She was unsuccessful. "Looks like I hurt little Granger's feelings." He taunted. Nobody's attention left them, their eyes drawn to the power struggle. Because Hermione hadn't lost yet, but Draco was closer to winning. There was another round of snickers from the Slytherins. "Then again..." he mused, "maybe you should stay there, on the floor, at my feet, where you belong!"He spit out the last word, and Hermione froze. She looked at Umbridge, who was watching the exchange with an undisguised, childlike delight. Unsurprisingly, there was no reprimanding for the use of the term. After all, hadn't Umbridge been trying to teach her the very same thing all year. Hermione's friends had caught on to her stand, and had been struggling furiously against their captors. Harry was reaching for his wand, and Umbridge was desperately firing stunning spells at the fighting students, praying she didn't hit one of her own. Millicent Bulstrode was dodging, as Ginny, who had somehow recovered her wand, was shooting hexes at her. It was almost like clockwork; the harder he knocked her down, the stronger she got back up. He could attack and demean her using their...previous friendship. Or whatever it was. He clearly had no problem with making fun of her looks, her books and her life. But to insult her parents? He himself knew how much of an asset her muggle upbringing had provided to her, and his word made her eyes light up once more, as fury burned through every inch of her. She stood, shaking with anger, and there was a soft, scarlet-red glow around her. Her hair began to whip around as if the wind was blowing from all angles, and she was controlling it. She broke free of her bonds and raised her hands above her head, as they glowed brightest of all. "No." she whispered, determined that her time would not be now. " NO!" she repeated louder. "You, Draco Malfoy, are nothing. Nothing to anybody " Malfoy laughed, and grabbed her again, taking her by surprise as he spun her around, her back was pressed into his chest. He held a wand to her throat, and whispered in her ear. "That's not what you said to me last time, firecracker". Hermione's small frame shook with anger once more, as he spat out the last word mockingly, like a dagger piercing through her. As her glow brightened in response to his hold, everyone returned to staring at them once more. However, in the midst of all the chaos, Hermione's shakes were slowing, and the glow that once surrounded her form was fading, whilst Draco stood taller and taller. Hermione felt her energy being sapped away from her, and registered the wand at her throat, glowing brighter and brighter, whilst her defiance and will was fading. "You-" she croaked, her throat dry. "Y...you - you s..swore!" She began choking up, dry sobs shaking her body, and she trembled in his hold. "When I told you that, y...your oath should... Ple-Please d...d...don't!". But the pain spreading from his wand to her throat, to every inch of her body, did not end, and she sunk to her knees at his feet, feeling her energy dry up like an oasis during a hot, dry summer. The ritual was never meant to be used in this way. She toppled over, and as her eyes close, she remained with one thought in her mind. After all they'd been through, how could he. She knew she'd never trust him again. What was the saying? Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice? Well, he wouldn't get a chance. No matter what he did, she would never trust him again. Hope you enjoyed! More to come if I get a response that people are actually reading it (not gonna push for set number of reviews but even one to know that somebody has read it would be great!) Signed off, YourDiamondAngel