it's Harry. Can you hear me?" "P-P-Potter?" Dudley managed to squeeze out. "Yes, it's Potter," he answered, finally managing to pull apart the bindings. Dudley fell forward into Harry, who was barely able to support the large teen's weight. Harry pushed back until Dudley was standing, barely, on his own two feet. Before Harry could say another word, though, a streak of red passed by the left side of his face, singeing his cheek before crashing into the ground and causing an explosion of dirt and rock. He grimaced, grabbing his cheek, and turned behind him. Six more Death Eaters were running towards him, hurling spells as they moved. He dodged a jet of green light before turning back to Dudley. "Dudley, listen to me." Seeing that his cousin was still unfocused, Harry grabbed the boy's face in his hands, and forced his attention. "Dudley, you need to run into the forest and hide. Stay there until at least morning, and don't come out for anyone. I'm going to draw them off." "But-" "Go, Dudley! Or I'm going to turn you into a whole bloody pig this time! Go!" That was sufficient motivation for his cousin, who squeaked and took off for the woods. Two more spells raced at Harry. He raised a shield to the first, but had to duck at the second. As he crouched, he was not able to do anything about the third blasting spell that landed just in front of him, slamming his body back into the post that Dudley had just moments earlier been strapped to. Sharp bursts of pain shot through his back, crippling him for a second before he regained his bearings. Standing again, he raised his wand and casted everything he could think of at the approaching enemies. The barrage was enough to slow them, leaving Harry time to stagger toward his abandoned Firebolt. He mounted the broom, quickly kicking off from the ground. Shooting off back toward the Dursley's, he had intended to try to go back to the house. However, what he saw quickly changed his mind. The entire neighborhood was a war zone. At some point, the aurors must have arrived, because they were engaged in fierce combat with the terrorizing Death Eaters. The muggle police had shown as well, but clearly had not faired well at all. Some of their vehicles had been flipped, mangled, or were burning freely... as were most of the houses. The smoke and ash was thick, a choking, burning smog over Little Whinging, so much so that Harry was forced to fly out of it as it attacked his lungs. Harry's mind was in a state of complete indecision. Everything inside of him was telling him land in the middle of the madness and fight, but his head told him that was a mistake. Harry Potter showing up would likely distract the aurors and harden the Death Eaters. That also meant that he could not risk going back to the Dursleys. At least he knew they were safe. Harry's uncertainty cost him, because someone had noticed him in the sky. A cutting curse sliced through his shoulder, and another curse impacted his broom. The protective charms on the Firebolt negated the brunt of the damage, but Harry's shoulder was not as lucky. He felt the blood begin to trick down his back, and that was impetus enough to take off towards London. The clean night air was a relief from the smoke, but his whole body ached. The daily exertions added with fighting Death Eaters had drained all of his energy reserves. Add on to that the knowledge that the place he had grown up, albeit reluctantly, had been decimated, and he could barley grip his broom. He soared over neighborhoods and towns, lost in his own thoughts. He wasn't entirely sure where he was going. Grimmauld Place had been his first thought, but with Sirius dead, he wasn't sure of its status. As he was considering other options, he felt his Firebolt give a sudden jerk sideways to the left. He gripped it tighter, trying to straighten it, but the broom jerked again, this time more violently. Suddenly concerned, Harry looked behind him and saw that the tail of his broom was smoldering. Apparently the Firebolt's protections weren't foolproof. He pulled his wand from where he had tucked it in his pocket and put out the fire with quick burst of water, but the damage was done. He battled the erratic movements, as best as he could, but knew that he needed to land. He took in his surroundings ahead, and realized that his best option would be Diagon Alley. He followed along familiar streets, until he saw the general area where he knew the Leaky Cauldron was situated. Landing in a muggle street wouldn't be an option, so the only way in would be to go directly into the Alley. The only thing that had not occurred to him was whether that was even possible. The Leaky Cauldron got closer and closer, until he was practically on top of it. His broom was almost completely unmanageable at that point. As he expected, the Alley wasn't visible, but his hope was that was simply an illusion for muggles, and there were not actually repelling wards. He quickly reached the point of no return, so he pushed his broom down, gambling as to exactly where the Alley began. In the end he guessed correctly, passing through the illusion, and seeing the familiar storefronts appear. However, when he tried to slow down, his broom decided that he meant to go faster, propelling him forward. No longer in any sort of control, he hugged himself to his broom and rocketed straight toward the side of an oncoming shop. He was moving too quickly to notice anything in detail, but he could have sworn he saw endless amounts of garish orange and a giant fake head before he crashed through the building and lost consciousness.