never quite rubbed off on him. Remus blushed. He did not need to think about that. "Ah well, just wanted to make sure I wasn't taking you away from anyone on this fine Friday night," Sirius said. "Er, it's Wednesday." "Oh." "That's okay, I promise to be there for you Friday night as well," Remus added. "My my, only just back in town and already I've got a date," Sirius said lightly. Remus grinned over at the other man, glad the old Sirius was still there, buried but there, despite the years and all the pain. He just wished the joking words didn't send a tear through his heart. But he brushed it off, like he always did. "So, I guess we'd better get you home then?" "Let's not call it that just yet. Maybe 'Hell' or 'The Noble House of Kreacher' or something." "That horrible house elf isn't still…" Remus gasped. "Oh alive and grouchy as ever. According to Dumbledore, he's been grumbling about my return, hoping I'll live long enough to unsully the family name." "Well we shouldn't keep your adoring fan waiting," Remus said, trying for a light tone despite the weight that hung heavy over his heart. They walked toward the living room and Remus held open the front door. "Sorry, can't apparate inside. Do you...I mean since you don't have a wand do you want to use mine? I've never been to your house...which is kinda odd," he stopped himself short from rambling. "Oh right, yeah give it here," Sirius said. Remus drew his wand from the holder on his arm and held it out to the other man. It was oddly personal to let someone else use your wand. Remus hadn't even give it a second thought up until Sirius let his fingers grasp the dark wood, putting it to his face to study the whirls in the grain. "Maybe try something simple first, just in case the wand doesn't...agree with you," Remus suggested. Worrying his lower lip, Sirius pointed the wand at the front door. It closed quickly behind them with a bang. With a bit of a grin he pointed it at a nasty stain on the wall, banishing it to cleanliness before none-too-sneakily untying Remus's shoe laces. "Well that's just great," Remus muttered, bending over to retie them with a smile. Glancing up he saw Sirius grinning as he used the wand to do simple tasks that would please only a first year. Or a man who hadn't held a wand in thirteen years. It made him oddly happy that his own wand was so compatible with Sirius. He didn't know quite how it worked, but he'd seen spells go ary when a wizard even picked up an ill-suited wand. Magic was so strange and sensitive, but watching his friend smiling from ear to ear as he was able to do magic for the first time in over thirteen years was infectious. "Alright alright," Remus grumbled good naturedly as Sirius transfigured an ashtray into a hedgehog. "Change it back and let's get going before the neighbors see." With a playful scowl Sirius undid his spell, glancing around to insure no one was peeping out their windows at the two men and their late hedgehog. "Coast is clear. So I guess we should go?" Sirius frowned and looked down at the wand. Remus wondered if he had forgotten how to apparate or was simply biding for time. He guessed the latter. "Er, we can stay here longer if you want…" Remus started, carelessly pushing a clod of dirt with his shoe. "What? Oh…" Sirius said, realizing he'd been stalling. "Yeah best get this over with." Taking a step closer to his hesitant friend, Remus touched a hand lightly to his forearm. "Sirius. Really. If you want, tonight you're welcome to stay. I'll transfigure you a bed next to mine. It can be…" he stopped himself before he could say "like old times." Cause it could never be. Not with James dead. Peter on the run with Voldemort. Remus swallowed hard. Sirius seemed to sense the unspoken words though and gave him a tight smile that never quite reached his eyes. "Better stop giving me excuses to back out. I may end up taking one." "Sirius, I wouldn't blame you," Remus sighed sadly. "It's hard enough living with myself okay?" Sirius growled in frustration, raking a hand through his overly long hair and glaring into the night sky. "It's...I need to feel in control. Just for a minute. Okay?" Remus took a step back. He knew Sirius wasn't snapping at him, it was the hopelessness of the situation that had gotten to them both. Still, he couldn't help feeling hurt. "Yeah, I get it," he said softly after half a minute. Sirius looked down and finally met his eyes, brows furrowing into sad lines as he saw what he'd done to his friend. "Shit," he muttered. "Sorry, I didn't mean to...I kinda forgot how to talk to people. Remus, just...will you stand beside me? I need you." Remus swallowed. His heart hurt all over again and he rubbed his chest unconsciously. Forcing a smile, he took a step closer. "I'm here. I've always been here... you stupid mutt," he added. "I know," Sirius said with a furrow of his brow as if he'd only just realized it. He reached over and put an arm around Remus' back. Remus started as he was pulled close, not sure what to do, whether he should push himself away. He really wasn't used to human contact, and Sirius touching him was almost too much to bear. Then Sirius rested his head on Remus' shoulder and he could do nothing else but hug him back. It was exactly what he needed. Looking to his right, Remus saw Sirius raise his wand as the other man let out a dejected sigh. "Ready?" he asked trepidly. "No," Sirius smiled sadly and closed his eyes. A moment later they were gone.