serious,' he said. 'Calling me Mr. Potter . ' Ginny gasped her mouth. 'It's Hermione!' she said, while trying to retain her amusement. Harry smiled. 'She thought about everything. The official who directed me to my line also stared me after.' Harry shot a look at Ginny's purse. 'Still got your wand?' Ginny nodded. 'Of course, Mr. Potter .' He couldn't redeem a laugh. Suddenly, a female voice formally spoke in the hall. 'Last call for flight number RKR698 to Auckland to board at gate 17. I repeat-' 'Merlin's Beard, that's us,' Harry said. He turned towards Ginny. 'I know Ginny Weasley can stun, but can she also make it to gate 17 with a run?' He smiled and both sped off towards the gate; Harry was in pursuit. Ginny smiled at Harry. They'd just picked up their luggage from the conveyor belt and were walking towards the exit. Ginny's passport proved to be confusing for the New Zealand custom officer, but Ginny had succeeded passage in just ensuring that it was the newest format. The custom officer simply frowned and gave it back to her. She was delighted that the journey had gone smoothly so far; Harry, on his turn, thought they'd just been rather lucky to be on good terms with a witch like Hermione Jean Granger. As they made their way to the exit, Ginny voiced that she needed to use the loo. Harry held guard for the entrance to the toilets, their luggage in both hands. He put it down on the floor and kneeled to tie his shoelace. A muffed noise came from the right next to him. Harry ignored it, tied his shoe and stood up. The sound didn't decrease. In contrary, it increased. Cursing, he glanced to his right. The sound was coming from Ginny's suitcase. He kneeled down to open it and tied to trace the source of the sound. 'Ruffling through my stuff, aren't we?' said a female voice from behind. Harry looked over his shoulder and saw Ginny. 'I didn't know you wanted to see my dress so much.' 'I.. don't.. want to.. see.. your.. dress,' Harry pained as he searches for the sound. It was still increasing, almost a high-pitch. 'What's the sound?' Ginny says. 'Trying to find … that out.' Harry's hand was deep in the suitcase. He ruffled with his hand, trying to search for a small, light object. He'd realised it was Ginny's Mirrorphone, hidden somewhere deep down. Ginny had forgotten her wand, but her Mirrorphone was hidden rightfully. The people around them started to notice them, as the sound was now hearable for people standing quite some few metres away. 'It's in a secret compartment,' Ginny whispered as she kneeled beside Harry. She checked if anybody looked at her, waved her wand and put it in front of the slightly opened suitcase. 'Accio Mirrorphone.' Bystanders walked away, as if they had noticed the sound wasn't there anymore. 'Are you crazy?' hissed Harry. 'Don't worry, I've casted a Muffliato charm,' spoke Ginny nonchalantly. She put her wand back in her purse. Nobody had seen her. Harry got up and closed the suitcase. The sound had become noticeably loud and it spoke Ginny's name. They both recognised the sound. Ginny held the Mirrorphone hidden in her hand. Harry was thankful that it didn't differ much in design with current Muggle smartphones. 'Hermione?' Ginny began. 'Hello Ginny. How was the journey?' 'Just landed.' 'Good,' Hermione replied. 'Put your wand in your luggage next time.' She sounded as Ginny had woken her up. Ginny stared at Harry. He smiled and raised his shoulders. 'H-how do you know?' said Ginny, making no effort to hide her amazement. 'I didn't write those notes in my office for nothing.' 'Your amazing, Hermione. But honestly, it's quite confusing being approached by a fan while going through a security check at a big Muggle airport.' Hermione grunted. 'I told Dawesby to not do anything crazy.' 'Dawesby?' Harry chimed in. 'Hello Harry, glad to see you've made a successful flight, too,' said a sarcastic voice. 'Dawesby was there, just as Pearce and Blackburn, all employees of the Ministry – Muggle Liaision Office. Have you met Hogan yet in Auckland?' 'Who?' Ginny said. 'Hogan. Ryan Hogan. He's supposed to bring you to your destination, Ginny.' 'We haven't seen him yet. Where is he?' 'Should be waving a sheet of paper with a name on it somewhere,' Hermione replied. 'You no doubt get recognised, so it just says "Potter".' Harry and Ginny smiled. 'Thanks, Hermione, we owe you a dinner at Rodolfo's.' 'Twice,' said the voice on the other side. Harry nodded. 'Alright, then.' 'Alright. Bye Harry and Ginny. Good luck at the awards! I'm sure you'll win.' Hermione ended her call. Harry and Ginny packed their stuff and started searching the arrival hall for a man with a paper with 'Potter' on it. Harry was checking the exits for Hogan when he saw a blonde-haired man hastily approaching from one of the exits. He was waving with the name and gesturing to come outside. Harry alerted Ginny and they started to approach him. 'Mr Potter, Ms Potter,' he nodded. 'Ryan Hogan, Muggle Liaision Office, New Zealand.' 'Hello, Mr Hogan,' they both replied as they shook hands. A swift silence followed. 'Shall we go, then?' Hogan said as he gestured them to walk. 'I'm sure you both know how to use the Floo network.' 'Isn't it affected by the Portkey outfall?' Ginny prompted. 'No, oh no,' said Hogan. Ours is fine, we cleared the side-effects out an hour ago. Just in time for everyone to attend the awards!' Harry smiled. 'Indeed.' Hogan was walking happily besides them. 'We couldn't have done it without the British, though. Excuse me,' he said as he walked into a near building and approached the receptionist. Harry and Ginny slowly followed Hogan. Ginny put an arm around Harry and gave him a delighted look. 'You're right. Hermione has thought about everything.' END