ink black surroundings of Eaton Square Gardens. Hermione, who was standing still behind a car at a reasonable distance, couldn't help but let out a wry smile at Ginny's plan. Of course, Dan would concede and help Ginny search the persons who possibly had damaged his car or were about to. She remembered how protective Harry was of his motorbike and car, as Ginny had told her several times, and Dan couldn't be any different. She glanced at the sky. Oh, boys. 'We … could take a look,' Dan replied. He was unaware of the nearing evil – or, as Hermione corrected her thoughts, it wasn't evil, it was more of a good deed for both sides. Dan sheepishly stepped into the dark, and Ginny followed slowly. Before disappearing in the dark paths of the Gardens, she glanced at Hermione. The look in her eyes told Hermione enough: "Follow me." Hermione swiftly made her way to the spot where Ginny just vanished in the dark. Her heart was racing with excitement, this was fun, this was different than those endless piles of parchment at the Ministry – although she didn't find it that bad either. She continued the pace and stepped on the soft grass of the Gardens. Her view was pit-black, but as she stood still she could make out a voice, speaking softly like leafs flowing in the wind. She followed the sound as a kid follows the smell of a freshly baked pie. Hermione didn't need to follow the voice that instinctively; after a few seconds someone had noticed that she had entered the dark surroundings of the park, too. 'Come here, Hermione!' said a hissed voice. It was abundantly clear that it was Ginny. Hermione walked into the direction of the voice. The figure was imminent. 'Is it safe here?' 'Yes,' the voice replied. 'Lumos.' Hermione squealed as she saw the sight in front of her. Dan was holding her wand against her throat and was making unintelligible sounds. Ginny's eyes spoke relaxation, although Hermione wasn't sure at all if that was applicable according to the situation. Her own wand was pressed at her Adam's apple. Dan held the wand still as if he exactly knew what he was doing, but the opposite appeared to be true; he was holding the wand backward. Dan didn't appear to be surprised by Hermione's light. He was just grumbling and looking angry, very angry, at Ginny. The skin just below his left eye was bleeding. For an instant, Hermione was confused, but she acted immediately following the situation in front of her. 'Nox.' Instantly a brawl between Ginny and Dan broke out in front of her. The only problem was that she couldn't see it; Hermione backed down, stumbled over the roots of a tree and crawled back. She was observing the sound of the bickering intensively in an attempt to gather information what was going on. A male voice could be shouted 'Ugh' followed by what appeared to be a choking sound. In contrast, a female voice was hissing 'You little prick'. Suddenly the noise stopped. Hermione stepped one foot forward to check what was going on but was backed off by several bats appearing out of nowhere. She understood what was going on and hurriedly made her way to the fight while saying 'Lumos'. A light appeared and shone on Ginny's face, who was wiping her nose. She was alright at first sight; no harm done to her face and, thought Hermione as she lowered her wand to inspect the rest of Ginny's body, she had obtained no further harm. 'By Merlin, what did you do, Ginny?' 'See for yourself,' Ginny replied while looking at Dan. Hermione moved her source of light from Ginny to Dan. At first instance she couldn't find Dan – he wasn't at eyesight, nor at a crouching level, but her confusion got erased when she saw him laying down on the ground, frozen. 'Wait, but I saw bats,' Hermione added confused. 'Yes, I fired some in a rapid pace.' Ginny let out a small smile. 'He's probably frozen because of Full Body-Bind Curse and the bats were, you know-' 'The Bat-Bogey Hex,' Hermione filled in. 'Poor Dan,' she said, looking at the man at the ground. She turned her head towards Ginny. 'I'm glad you're unhurt, but we can't question him now.' Ginny stepped on the crisping grass and was checking the surroundings. Being caught right now wasn't something to particularly look forward to. She stepped back and chewed on her words for a bit. 'I already did, though.' 'Really?' Hermione frowns were visible to Ginny, even though Hermione's was covered by her thick bush of hair. 'Yes.' Ginny walked around Dan, inspecting his condition. As she was about to start her round-up of what happened, noises were heard from the street side. Ginny stepped in its direction and quickly peaked through the bushes. 'Dan's friends,' she said. Hermione acted quickly. She cast the Disillusionment Charm on herself and Dan, and gestured Ginny urgingly to do the same. The latter joined Hermione and the still-petrified Dan at the spot where the curse had struck and waited silently. The noises seemed to come closer and the two ladies could make something of the figures who were peeking through the bushes and past the trees. 'He isn't here.' 'You're right.' Ginny was hidden behind a tree, but used her wand and pointed it in the direction of the friends. 'We should go,' another voice promptly stated. 'Yeah,' said a voice the women recognised as Frankie. The men turned around and headed for the restaurant. The Disillusionment Charm had worked. Ginny, still invisible, checked the park if Dan's friends were gone, but they seemed to be inside. 'Seems like your Charm has worked,' said Hermione. 'Thanks,' Ginny happily said. Her voice suddenly became serious. 'We need to alter their memories when we're done.' 'True,' sighed Hermione. The situation was getting more problematic by the minute.