a little on my head as it talked. " So, where to put you? Ravenclaw like your mother? Gryffindor for your courage? Or Slytherin for your unmistakable cunning?" "Anything but Slytherin, please. I wouldn't be able to stand such attitudes." I said softly to the hat. " Haha! I like you child. Let's see… Just like your mother I feel you are destined for something, maybe something much bigger. I have decided." It chuckled a little before bellowing out an answer for everyone to hear. "GRYFFINDOR!" The hat was lifted off of my head and I walked over to sit at my house table next to Harry and Ron. I glanced over toward Professor McGonagall and caught her looking at me. She looked at me with relief in her eyes before turning back to continue down the list. "Gee, 'Mione. It sure was talking to you for a while." I looked toward Harry and smiled. "Yeah, it was going through my options and stuff. I'm sure it did that with you to." I said. He nodded his head and was about to say something when the headmaster's voice broke through the chatter of the Hall and signaled the beginning of the feast. What Harry was going to say was forgotten and we started to eat with the rest of the students. (The next day: Transfiguration class.) "Ok class, we'll be starting off easy for your first lesson. We will be turning matches into needles. It is in the first chapter of your textbook. I will demonstrate before you begin." Professor McGonagall said. She paused to make sure she had everyone's attention and then she twirled and swished her wand in an elegant movement, effectively turning her match to a needle and then back to a match. This class was shared with both Gryffindor and Slytherin students, both houses were in awe. I gave a small smile as she signaled for everyone to begin. This spell was incredibly easy. I had learned it when I had first begun my training. I scanned my book a few times as not to appear suspicious, and then I fluently performed the transfiguration. At the end of class it turned out that I had been the only one to complete the assignment. The Professor looked on in disappointment and dismissed the class. I told Harry and Ron to go on to lunch without me as I had something to talk to Professor McGonagall about. The last students trickled out of the classroom and the door gently closed behind them. Powerful wards were placed to ensure our privacy as the Professor slowly walked over to where I stood. When she reached me, she knelt in front of me and lowered her head in a respectful bow. I may be used to such a gesture but it doesn't mean I have to like it. Sure it may be out of respect but I do not like the idea that they feel like they have to be so submissive with me. I knelt in front of her so I could see her face and placed a hand on her cheek so she would look me in the eyes. "Please, it's ok, you don't have to. In fact I really rather you not." "But-" "No buts. Please, I want you to treat me like everyone else. I am not in power yet, that is still far off. But even then I would not want you to degrade yourself so. If you insist to, please, only a subtle bow of the waist." I told her gently. She looked at me for a while until I smiled at her reassuringly. She smiled back at me as we both stood up. My hand fell from her cheek after a second longer than necessary. "And do not even think about calling me princess when we are alone either," I said with a smirk. "Oh, and when we are alone you need not hide from me." She looked at me in confusion. "I can see through your spell. You need not hide your true self from me." She looked shocked before she graced me with a bright smile. "Then please call me Minerva when appropriate." "And call me Hermione when circumstance allows." I clarified. We smiled at each other before we headed off to the Great Hall together. That brief encounter would lead to many more. As time goes by Minerva and I would grow closer and a close-knit relationship would form. Since our eyes first connected outside of the Great Hall I knew that Minerva would be an important part of my life. At the time, I hadn't known just how much of my life would be tied in with hers. I hadn't known that her presence was what kept me going through all of the coming hardships I would face through my early years at Hogwarts. I would not know what that growing warmth inside of me was until I turned sixteen in my forth year with the help of the Time Turner. My birthday would come early and something new would emerge from inside me. That day would start a chain reaction and things would come at me one after the other, whether I was ready for them or not. A/N: Haha! The first chapter to Queen of the Hunt is finally complete. This story has been waiting to be written. I know that I still have my other stories open but I felt that I needed to try something new. This is my first try at a Harry Potter story. Please forgive any future late chapters. Life likes to punch me in the face every now and then. I apologize for any grammatical, punctuation, factual, or spelling errors. Oh, and the time line with things may be shifted to match with what's going on in my story. So bear with me as I try to piece this story together. Thank you for reading! I hope it wasn't too bad… :D