back to Harry, realization in her eyes. "I'm sorry, Harry dear, your last name was?" "Potter," said Harry. Mrs Weasley's eyebrows raised considerably, but before she could say anything else to him, Ron and his twin brothers Fred and George had appeared to help with the trunks. "Thank you!" shouted Harry as he followed the Weasley boys onto the train, waving back at Mrs Weasley and Ginny. He gave Ginny a rather roguish wink as he disappeared, and if he hadn't gone so quickly, he would have seen her turn a shade of red to rival her hair. Fred and George had put Harry's trunk in the same compartment as Ron's, and they were all three waiting with raised eyebrows, the twins looking more mischievously curious. "So, who's this?" asked Fred. "Mum's rather taken a quick liking to you," said George. "I'm Harry Potter," said Harry frankly. Ron's jaw seemed to drop through the floor. "THE Harry Potter. Really?! Like, you're not having us on?" Harry pushed back his fringe and this time the twins looked impressed, which was a mild reaction compared to Ron looking like he was standing before the Chudley Cannons, a mix of worship and fantastical horror on his face. Fred kicked Ron in the shin. "Quit making that face, Ron, you look idiotic." He held his hand out for Harry to shake. "I'm Fred Weasley, this is my brother-" "George Weasley," finished George, taking his turn to shake Harry's hand. "Interesting to meet you Harry. We hope to get to know you better!" "Ron Weasley," Ron was finally able to squeak out, falling to his seat instead of offering his hand to Harry. Fred rolled his eyes. "Well, we're off to go see what Lee's got in that box he was holding at the platform!" chuckled George. The twins left the compartment. Ron still looked like he had stars in his eyes. "I can't believe it. I've got THE Harry Potter in my train compartment, on the way to Hogwarts," he mumbled, almost to himself it seemed. Harry resisted the urge to tease Ron. "You can just call me Harry," he said eagerly. "Really. I'm nothing special. At least, that's what the Dursley's always believed of me, so they must be right." Ron looked puzzled. "Hang on, who're the Dursley's?" he asked. "My aunt, uncle and cousin. They're Muggles," explained Harry. "I was raised by them. They weren't always nice to me, but they gave me a place to live, so that's something." "They must be mental," said Ron, sounding indignant for Harry's sake. "Don't they know how important you are to the Wizarding World?" "No," said Harry hesitantly, remembering that he too wasn't supposed to know what he had done for the Wizarding World. "What am I supposed to have done?" "Blimey Harry. Nobody's ever told you?" gaped Ron, growing more incredulous by the minute. Harry shrugged. Ron looked uncomfortable. "I don't think I should be the one to tell you." Ron was saved by the appearance of the trolley witch. Her kind eyes twinkled at them as her dimples appeared with her kind smile. "Anything off the trolley dears?" she asked. Harry, remembering that the first time he'd done this he had bought as much candy as his pocket gold would let him, knew that this would be a good start to his friendship with Ron, so as he had done once before, he asked for some of everything and paid for it with the sickles and knuts in his pockets. "Hungry are you?" asked Ron. Harry could hear the tint of jealousy in his voice. "You're welcome to it," Harry said warmly, holding out several of his treats. Ron sorrowfully pulled out a lumpy looking package, which when unwrapped, looked like lots of bread had been pushed together. Ron distastefully peeled one of the pieces of corned beef sandwich away from the others. "No thanks. Mum packs us lunch. It shouldn't go to waste." "Come on, just this once," cajoled Harry. Ron looked torn. "I'll trade you, here-" Harry held out a pumpkin pastry. "You don't want this, the corned beef has gone dry," protested Ron, although he looked like he was caving. Harry reached across the compartment, easily tugged the sandwich out of Ron's hands and replaced it with the pumpkin pastry in exchange. "There," Harry grinned. "Fair trade." Ron let a small chuckle escape. "You're mad." But in moments Harry had divided up the rest of his candies and treats in half and had dumped them on Ron's seat. As they ate their way through the candies, Harry spotted a chocolate frog package, and wondered if it would be the one with Dumbledore's card inside. "Are these real frogs?" he asked Ron. "No, they're just enchanted. But they've got cards inside you can collect. Let me know what you get, I'm missing Agrippa and Ptolemy." Harry opened the package in excitement, forgetting to catch the frog and it hopped once before landing on the floor and its legs broke promptly off. Ron shook his head. "That's too bad. They've only got one good hop in them to begin with." Harry looked surprised and Ron smiled. To Harry's relief, the card was indeed Dumbledore, his crooked nose, half-moon glasses, and flowing silver hair and beard bringing a wistful happiness inside Harry. To think, in a mere few hours, he would see Albus Dumbledore again. He remembered with a small shiver of horror the night the Headmaster had died, and the subsequent funeral where he knew that he would have to go on alone, to find the rest of the Horcruxes without help from the old and wise wizard. Just then a girl with bushy brown hair poked her head inside their compartment and Harry had to fight off a beaming smile. Hermione Granger in all her 11 year old glory, already dressed in her school robes, was peering around before asking, "Have either of you seen a toad? Neville's lost one."