surrounding it collapse. When I physically arrive, I casually swat the remaining defenses aside in a wave of magic. Pathetic. It's hard to believe these defenses are by a wizard I had trouble defeating. I enter the shack and peel away the floorboards, I open the gold box and levitate the ring out of it. I remove the curses with a wave of my hand, then check the ring to verify they were removed. They were, so I made a duplicate and put all kinds of horrible curses on it. I begin backtracking and reapplying removed defenses, adding hidden surprises. Basically, it will permanently atrophy Tom's magic and only his, by ten percent. Best of all, It's such a complex spell he won't even be aware. I teleport back to my room at Hogwarts. When I arrive, I quickly cast the spell to convert the soul fragment to magical power. I open the trunks of books and begin casting spells for sorting them. I find several copies Magick Most Evile, Secrets of the Darkest Art, and Moste Potente Potions. Sadly most of the potion books are Hogwarts property. But I hid the books on Dark Magic and the potion books of undeclared ownership. Apart from that, I have several rare books, which I'll be keeping. It seems people were worried about getting caught with forbidden or frowned upon books. Their loss is my gain. Hogwarts just warned me of Dumbledore coming to my room, so I hide the books I plan to keep and the ring with the Resurrection Stone inside it. I hear a knock on the door. "Come in," I say, after verifying all the stuff is hidden. Dumbledore enters, looking tired. "Did I wake you up, while sorting books? If so, I am sorry." I say, apologetically. I didn't think I was loud, I'm pretty sure I put up a silencing charm. "No. You did not. I just woke up and decided to check on you. You seem to have recovered well, the powers of the Phoenix seem to have healed you. You appear to be in your prime, had your family not mistreated you. An event I'm sadly responsible for." Dumbledore says, sadly and regretfully. "It's fine, Sir. Barring the Imperious, there is no way you could have made certain they treated me well. Am I to understand you visited them? And investigated by means of Legilimency?" I ask, causing Dumbledore to be surprised by my educated guess. "Indeed I did. I also retrieved a change of clothes for you." Dumbledore gestures, to a stack of clothes. "Thank you, Sir. I hadn't noticed them, until now. I've been focused on sorting these books and I retrieved another Horcrux and destroyed the container. It was far too dangerous to continue existing." I say, to Dumbledore's interest. "What object was it?" He asks "The stone hallow placed into a ring. In the original timeline, you almost died, by putting it on. It had a withering curse, that was consuming your arm. It led to one of our few arguments. You wanted to let yourself die on your own terms. I disagreed and cut off your arm. And I was right, your presence turned the final battle to our favor." I explain, to his shock and surprise. "I can't give you any specifics, I'm only telling you this because of careful modifications to the timeline. Saving you alone involved months of careful planning and immersion in the Time-stream. To check for ripple effects." "What can you tell me?" Dumbledore asks, in concern. "I plan to let the timeline proceed mostly as normal for a few years. Only making a few small changes, I intend to set new records academically, diversify my investments into the muggle world. Things that are meaningless in the time-stream, or easily contained. I will need to buy property and pull my fortress from another dimension." I say, before realizing there is other information I can give. "Last time, you had Hagrid remove the stone from Gringotts, early morning on July 31st. Quirrell tries to rob the bank later that day. Anything more informative I'm reluctant to tell you, I might alter the timeline. Well, I'll probably torment Snape. I despise him." "Why do you despise Severus?" Dumbledore asks, in exasperation. No doubt remembering my father, and the Marauders. "He bullied and psychologically tortured me. Even singling me out of all the students in class. He is, for all intents and purposes an accessory to my families murder." I say angrily, before continuing. "I have centuries of experience as Potions Master, which I'll use to show him up and make him look dumb. I may also test out of potions and get a mastery at a younger age than him." I say, spitefully, to Dumbledore's disapproval. "You need to forgive, Harry." He advises. "I have forgiven him, but I'm under no illusions that he'll behave. So, if we'll be essentially feuding, I'll make sure to win." I say, he still appears disapproving. "Fine. If he behaves. Then I will. That's all I can promise." "Very well. I'll speak to Severus before you officially arrive." Dumbledore says, in an attempt to placate me. "Okay, It goes without saying. Don't tell anyone what I've told you. Billions of lives are on the line, by preventing our exposure and war, I can save them." I point out. "I wouldn't tell anyone, they wouldn't even believe me," Dumbledore says, in amusement. "I need to go finish up some work if you need anything let me know," Dumbledore says, before exiting the room and closing the door behind him. I return to sorting books, looking forward to shopping and Hogwarts. My wives were a bad influence on me, I like shopping. Anima Transitu - Inspired by Essence transfer of Star Wars fame. I merely used a translator for an incantation. Animus Reddo Invalesco - was invented by Noddwyd on the DarkLordPotter fansite. Corpo Santo - was invented by Custer of DLP.