her since I'm not sure if you should do that to someone who has fainted and may have head trauma for all I know. Plus I know we've got wounded although Hermione certainly doesn't look like Dolohov cursed her." Harry looked at Sirius, "Not to mention you look pretty healthy for a dead guy, Sirius." Both men gaped at him. As Harry had come into the light, both wizards could see that Harry was indeed older than he should have been and his eyes had a look of one who had seen far too much death and destruction. "But Harry…you got hit by the Killing Curse!" Remus managed to get out. "Been there; beaten that, have the scar to show for it" Harry said, unable to keep from teasing the man. Sirius shook his head, "Harry! You bloody well fell into the Veil of Death! I was right there!" Both wizards where shocked at how this news surprised Harry instead of shocking him. "Really? Is that how the me of here died? I knew he did but the Doctor didn't tell me the how. Well if he had to go then at least he went in your place." Harry laid a hand on Sirius' shoulder. "It's really good to see you again Sirius." Sirius just gaped at Harry but Remus looked at him intently. "Wait, you said 'the me of here' died. That makes it sound like you aren't the Harry who fell through the Veil!" Harry nodded, "No. As hard as it is to believe, I am not your Harry Potter. I'm from an alternate time-line. My Voldemort cast me out so he could never die. I manage to literally fall into some help and they brought me here. Apparently as a 'child of destiny' it's where I'm supposed to be." Sirius looked doubtful but Remus nodded, "Is that why you smell like Harry and not like him?" Harry shrugged, "That and I'm a few months shy of turning 18 and…" Harry cut off as he saw Hermione starting to stir. He gently floated her down to the floor and knelt beside her. "Haaaaarrry?" Hermione said drunkenly as she fought her way back to consciousness. Harry took her hand, "I'm here Hermione; you're safe." Hermione opened her eyes. Her eyes locked with Harry's. "I'm dead aren't I?" Harry chuckled, "Sorry Hermione, I doubt Heaven would be this gloomy and have cold stone floors. This can't be Hell since you're here." Hermione looked quickly to Sirius and then Remus, "You're dead Harry! I saw you die! I must be in St. Mungo's!" Harry squeezed her hand. "Hermione…yes you saw your Harry Potter die but I'm not him any more than you are the Hermione that kept me alive through six years of Hogwarts and a year on the run from Voldemort. But I'm here now; you're safe." Hermione struggled with what Harry had said, "But…Harry…dead…older…Harry James Potter! What is going on?" Harry grinned at the authoritative voice Hermione always used when demanding to know something. She generally used it when she was in the process of catching him and Ron doing something they shouldn't be! "That, I believe Ms. Granger, is the question of the day!" Everyone turned to see Albus Dumbledore coming towards them. Before anyone could reply, multiple floo terminals began to activate and aurors can storming out of them. Harry saw Cornelius Fudge and his face went blank, "Headmaster, if I may, you need to head that berk off. Since Voldemort doesn't look like he's going to show, Fudge doesn't have proof of him returning. I need you to make me a portkey like you did last time. Send me to the Infirmary and I'll have Madame Pomfrey check out Hermione." Dumbledore stared at Harry and at the first hint of itching behind his eyes, Harry broke eye contact. "We don't have time for you to try to use legilimency on me! Do you want to explain a 17 year old Harry Potter to Fudge? Or the fact that without proof of Voldemort you're still a wanted man? Plus I need to take Sirius with me!" Sirius wagged his tail in agreement since he had transformed as soon as the floo terminals activated. Dumbledore paused and then nodded. He took out a handkerchief, " Portus! " Harry took it and wrapped his other arm around Sirius. "Don't worry, Headmaster; if there is one person who wants to stop Voldemort it is me." Harry activated the portkey as Fudge angrily called out Dumbledore's name. XxXxX A/N : Obviously the "new" Harry will be tougher but not a Super!Harry. A Fixed Point : A plot point which came up and then seemingly abandoned was how being around Captain Jack Harkness was often uncomfortable for Doctor 10. Thus it is the same with Harry. The Doctor can suck it up and deal with it but it is always still there. Movie Paraphrase : Catch the hidden tribute to a funny film in this story bunny! (Hint: the film had two Monty Python alumni in it) Where from here ? Obviously Harry knows where all the Horcruxes are. That and his scar isn't a horcrux for the Voldemort here. So Voldemort is going to rapidly loose all his ties except for Nagini. What's a Dark Lord to do? That and not only are many of his Death Eaters are in Azkaban, Lucius and Bellatrix are dead! Right now I have an idea that Voldemort, in trying to gain more power might disturb powers best left alone. Perhaps Pettigrew gets assimilated by the broken Cyberman by the Pandoricon. My take on the Cybermen will be much more like the Borg in that they will be more of a biological mix and not just a brain in a robot's body. Who to the Rescue ? Will the Doctor return (and which one?) or will Harry end up getting help from Captain Jack? The nexus in Cardiff might be a way home for Harry.