teasing Harry had started with her. Their after-dinner talks soon took on the role that his time with Kevin and Rachel had served. Harry shared with her all the tales of his time at Hogwarts and his time at the Department. He shared how he had been labeled a freak by his relatives, and how it had proven to be true in the Department. He was willing to be a freak, though, if it eliminated the cancer of Death Eaters from the body of magical Britain. He told Gabrielle about dating Katie, how it was nice but how he had to hide so much of himself because she just wasn't ready to see the freak in him. With that statement, Gabrielle moved in front of Harry, looked deep into his eyes, and told him, "You are no freak, Harry, and you will not say that again. Do you understand?" Harry didn't respond; he was speechless staring into her eyes, as deep and blue as the cloudless sky. Without thought, he leaned forward and kissed her. Gabrielle wrapped her arms around his neck and deepened the kiss. She tore off his shirt and kissed down his chest. They continued until Harry finally picked her up and took her to the bedroom. Several hours later, when they lay sated and sweaty next to each other, Gabrielle told Harry, "I think this explains something I had always wondered about." Harry looked at her and responded, "What was that?" "On my nineteenth birthday, I had a wonderful party in the afternoon with all my friends and family. When all the guests finally left, you stayed behind. We talked and laughed - I finally felt I had met someone who understood me. I finally dragged you to my bedroom and we made love all night. It was my first time. And second. And so on." Gabrielle was looking off into the distance, obviously reliving the memories. "You were so gentle, then so rough. You told me I had been your first as well, but much earlier in your life. That made no sense to me at the time." Gabrielle focused again and looked directly into Harry's eyes. "Was this your first time?" "Yes, love, it was," he answered. "And so that is what you meant," she concluded. After that evening together, Harry no longer slept on the floor. Gabrielle spent each night showing him how to please her. During the day, they shared kisses, gropes, and other signs of affection as they diligently continued their work. Once the new equations had been tested by simulation, they derived the steps Harry would take to start the time travel process. Harry didn't use a spell or ritual, but instead focused power to a series of his rune sequences in a particular order, while also focusing on his destination. Teleportation was a much, much simpler process, so Harry only had to focus on his destination, not his rune sequences, to do it. Finally, the time came when they could do no more research until Harry actually attempted to travel through time. The plan was for Harry to move forward in time a year. If that succeeded, he would attempt to travel backward a year, to this exact space and time. If that succeeded, he would travel back to his starting point, the Department of Mysteries on February 11 1995. June 17 2025, London After breakfast, Gabrielle could see that Harry was hesitant to go through with the plan. She gently coaxed him to share his worries. Harry told her that it had been the most idyllic time in his life. Once they were together, they had only parted for potty breaks and such. Anything they needed (mostly groceries), they ordered online and had delivered. For the first time, Harry hadn't felt the need to escape the enclosed space he was living in. Gabrielle agreed. This had been the most joyous time in her life - meaningful hard work, vacation, and romance all wrapped in one. But he didn't belong here. She assured him that, in order for her to be here, he had to return to his own time. Knowing that the time he shared with Gabrielle only existed because he had returned to the past, Harry finally agreed that it had to be done. It didn't take Harry any time at all to prepare. He still couldn't take anything with him while time traveling, so packing was not an issue. Harry pulled Gabrielle to him and kissed her, trying to express to her how much he would miss her. In the short time that they had, they had made this tiny flat into a home. Just as he had done in the Office of Time, Harry closed his eyes, breathed in deeply, and focused himself. This time, he simply disappeared without any sound or burst of light, gone in a whisper on the wind. Harry reappeared about ten minutes later with a large smile on his face. "Gabrielle! It worked!" Gabrielle ran to him and jumped on him, wrapping her legs around his waist and locking her lips on his. They spent another night together - no movie this time - before he reluctantly returned to his own time. After Harry disappeared for the last time, Gabrielle finally allowed herself the luxury of collapsing in tears. Author's Notes: This part of HPPW was originally posted in four chapters from January 2017 to May 2017. I apologize to anyone who is impacted by the format change. Thank you to everyone who reviewed, favorited, or followed the original version of those chapters. Your feedback was greatly appreciated and very encouraging. I saved all of the original reviews so nothing would be lost. As anyone who's seen the 1980's TV show 'Robin of Sherwood' knows, "Nothing is ever forgotten." Also, thank you in advance to anyone who reviews, favorites, or follows the story in this form. originally published: 30 January 2017 to 4 May 2017 last updated: 7 July 2017