the loss of the boy they both loved. Harry was also present but was a silent spectator. As soon as Cedric was buried he walked back and shut himself away. He had seen Amos coming over and he nearly ran to get away from him. Hermione had watched it as she and Ron laid flowers on the coffin and both glared at Diggory. They then hurried to offer Harry comfort. They had been worried that Harry had not yet broken down and were told by Dumbledore that by Harry having not shown emotions, it would be fatal. If he cried then that would be the first step to recovery. Flashback End... Ron sighed. Suddenly there was a bang and in hurried Hermione with Madam Pomfrey, McGonagall and Dumbledore bringing up the rear. He sighed and knew everything would be fine in the end. After the check up and a quick blood replenishing potion, Harry looked better that before. 'Thank goodness you found us in time Miss Granger otherwise Harry would have to be transferred to St Mungo's.' Madam Pomfrey said and she gave a few vials of the potion to Ron. 'Make him have that for the next few days,' she said briskly and with that she set off back to the hospital wing. McGonagall also sighed in relief and she swept away before promising that she wouldn't tell anyone about this. Dumbledore was the last to leave and he turned to Ron and Hermione. 'You two need to hurry, otherwise Harry may not be the same again,' he said seriously and then with a slight bow he turned and walked off back to his office. The door shut and Hermione sank onto Ron's bed and began to sob. Ron, alarmed by this, rushed over and he hugged Hermione. She continued to sob until she calmed down. Ron stepped back and feeling his shirt slightly soaking he muttered a drying spell and sat down opposite Hermione. 'I feel really helpless. Harry was my first friend ever and I can't help him,' she said sadly and Ron squeezed her shoulder. 'It'll be alright Hermione. You know Harry, he'll pull through... for both of us,' Ron comforted Hermione but she turned to look at him. Ron gulped and knew he had said something wrong from Hermione's expression. 'Oh and where were you this year when you turned your back on your, so you say, best mate? Where were you when Harry wanted a friend to turn to from all the misunderstanding of him putting his name in the cup? Were you with Harry... did you provide him support? TELL ME RONALD WEASLEY!' Hermione glared coldly at Ron, who stood there shocked at the outburst. His ears turned red as he rounded on Hermione. 'Yeah you think it was easy for me? Well Harry doesn't have five brothers to live up to! Harry doesn't have to prove himself to the world and his parents that he can actually do something and be recognised other that Harry Potter's side-kick! He doesn't suffer from poverty and have to deal with hand-me-downs from others! Does he?!' Hermione gasped at the bitter words coming from Ron's mouth. So this was how he felt. 'Well you know as well as I do that Harry would do anything to have a family! Or have you forgotten how his family was torn apart by Voldemort!' Hermione then turned and stormed out of the room. She made her way to the common room and sat down on an armchair near the fire. She glanced around and saw people staring at her, no doubt having heard the argument. She never knew Ron was this bitter. She scoffed, Harry was Ron's so-called best friend. How low could he sink? Before she could think of anything else, Ron had followed her and his face was red with anger. The room fell silent as Ron glared at Hermione. She stood up, anger coursing through her body just by looking at Ron. 'I can't believe that you have the nerve Ronald Weasley to compare yourself to Harry! He's not the one that is jealous about his friend so maybe you should get a reality check done cos Harry's not the one here trying to get sympathy for himself!' Hermione had had enough with Ron and wanted him to get out of her face. However Ron did the exact opposite. 'You think you're so high and mighty about yourself! Well here's the reality check for you Hermione... at least I belong here, a pureblood in his own right... maybe you should piss off back to your own muggle world... after all what are you? Oh yeah, a Mudblood!' The room was deathly still and Hermione felt as if someone had slapped her across the face. She knew it was too good to be true when she gained two friends during her first year when no one paid her any attention beforehand. And now one of her so-called friends had just said something that they had attempted to curse Malfoy for in second year. 'And not only that I had to stick around with your hopeless Mudblood ways because of Harry... if I had my way I would have already handed you to Voldemort so you could serve your real purpose!' Everyone in the common room couldn't believe their ears and Fred and George had to be held back by Angelina and Katie so they couldn't kill Ron. Everyone turned to glance at Hermione, who stood there frozen. Tears welled up in her eyes and she looked down to the floor, her bushy hair surrounding the frame of her face and hiding her from everyone's gaze. 'Now Harry isn't here to save your filthy sorry ass, I can finally get rid of you and rid the world of one less mudblood. So say your last words,' Ron said as he drew his wand and everyone seemed to freeze as Ron pointed his wand directly at Hermione's heart. 'STUPEFY!'