silence. "So you can talk to Hermione Granger but you're too good for us, eh Mr Potter?" Daphne said coldly. "Well, what would you like to know about me Ms Greengrass? Besides I was helping her out with a problem." He replied just as coldly. "Favourite colour?" "Blue you?" She turned to glare at him but instead she stared at his sparkling green eyes, she answered before she could stop herself, "Gr-Green." She stuttered, noticing this she turned away from Harry and looked back to the front of the class. "Well Ms Davis, favourite colour?" he asked while he turned to face her. "Oh, hmm I'd say Red." She said flushing slightly while staring at his eyes. "Oh red, fantastic colour, the colour of passion, strength and love. Very nice chose." "Um, yeah love, right." Tracey managed to say before Daphne joined the conversation again. "So Potter, any romance between you and Ms Granger?" she asked cockily. "Why Ms Greengrass, if you're not careful someone might assume that you were jealous." He said with a small wink. "Wha- no I just meant, I didn't mean it like that I was just-" this time Daphne flushed pink as she stammered for a response. "Don't worry, I'm just pulling your leg, but to answer your question, no there's nothing going on between us." He finished with a smile. Daphne flushed once again and turned to see Professor looking at her trying to hold back a laugh. Looking away from the teacher she couldn't but think that Potter was nothing more than a fame hungry dog. Though something in her needed evidence in that, so she turned to him once again and asked a very simple question. "Potter, do you like being famous for something you don't even know accomplishing?" she asked with a snarl. Tracy gave a small gasp as she glared at Daphne. "So you want to see if I'm self-centred? Well I promised to answer all your questions truthfully and hear it is; do you know anything about my parents Ms Greengrass?" Daphne was shocked by the sudden question but shook her head anyway, Harry turned to Tracy and posed the same question as she also shook her head leaning back on his chair he began, "Well they died that night. My father died protecting my mother, and my mother died protecting me from Voldemort." Tracey shuddered at the name while Daphne sat still listening. "He killed them both to try and kill me, but what he didn't know was that my mother's sacrifice gave me a sort of shield that deflected the curse he hit me with back at him and leaving me with this scar." He said pointing to his forehead, "So to answer your question; no I hate being famous for letting my parents die in order to save me then having Voldemort's spell repel off of me. I hate being famous for the loss I had to go through." Harry finished. Daphne stared at him mouth open and unable to believe she had been such a prat to him. Seeing this Harry placed a hand on her shoulder and gave her a small smile as a sign that he won't this conversation against her. Turning back to Tracey, he noticed she had tears in her eyes and were close to falling, Harry gave her a hug and told her not to cry, it happened and that all he had to do was avenge them. Pulling away from her she gave a nod and he turned back to Daphne who engulfed Harry in a viciously tight hug before giving him a small apology and he reassured her that it was fine. Pulling away Harry turned to Lupin and they made eye contact, Daphne noticed they were staring at each other while shaking their heads and nodding and occasionally lifting an eyebrow as if they were in deep discussion about something, Daphne saw that Tracey also noticed this then suddenly Harry gave snort as he held back some laughter, "What's so funny?" Tracey asked. "Look behind us." Harry replied stifling another laugh. Turning around Daphne and Tracey noticed every girl and occasional guy in the classroom were glaring at the two girls with jealousy practically pouring out of them. Tracy turned back and let out a string of giggles, while Daphne gave a rare smile but couldn't help but wonder how Harry knew about the girls. Oo00oO By the end of the school day Harry had made friends with Hermione Granger from Potions, Tracey Davis and Daphne Greengrass from DADA, Fred and George Weasley during their lunch break, Neville Longbottom from Herbology and Pavarti Patil and Lavender Brown from Diviations after learning they had a few mutual friends. But Harry knew better than to think nothing that nothing wrong could after an almost perfect day, he laid in his bed pretending to be a sleep to avoid the annoying guys in their dorm. Hermione lay awake in her bed thinking about how Harry told her that the Weasley's were intimidated by her knowledge and only said those things because that's how they saw themselves next to her. Hermione knew she had instantly gained a crush on Harry after his support and offer to hex them if they insulted her ever again. Smiling once again she turned over and fell straight to sleep. Daphne Greengrass woke up from having a dream about green eyes staring into hers and particular words being spoken before particular actions were done, causing her major discomfort at the thought of seeing the boy in her dreams tomorrow in class. She wiped her brow and attempted to sleep to sleep without thinking of a certain boy anymore. Tracey Davis smiled at the dream she had had. Harry and herself making out on the astronomy tower, in the middle of a downpour and his arms wrapped tightly around her petite frame while her hands roamed through his messy brunette hair. Yeah, this was a good dream.