just as much as they loved Harry, but it constantly broke their hearts when the small boy walked around the house calling out for his parents. And Peter… no one had seen Peter since the night the George's were attacked. Two weeks later at eight p.m. in the evening, James had just had Remus and Sirius over to help watch Harry and Andrew. Lily was upstairs in the kid's bedroom watching them play in the enlarged crib. The children's laughter stopped as Andrew started looking around frantically, and started hyperventilating, Lily was about to calm him down when she heard James's voice from downstairs. "Lily! Grab Harry and Andy and get out now! Peter's betrayed us!" Running to see what her husband had been talking about, she was blinded by a bright green light and the sound of a body dropping to the ground. Blinking the flash away from her eyes she then saw a cloaked figure look down at the lifeless body of her husband. Her blood went cold as she saw who her attacker was; red eyes stared at her before making a move towards her. Lily sprinted towards the children's bedroom and closed the door, in her haste she put a locking charm on the door and watched the two boys in Harry's crib watch her closely. "I-It's okay, everything's okay. Harry, Andrew I want you to know, that your father and I love you both. So very much. We love you with all our hearts, and Andrew, you will always be a Potter, look after your brother." She whispered to the children and spun to look at the door to see that the cloaked figure break through her spell work and step towards her. "Move woman." He sneered at her. "No, no, no please kill me, leave Andrew and Harry." "Out of my way, mud-blood my quarrel isn't with you!" he told her his voice laced with hatred. "No! Leave them alone! Take me instead, spare them." She begged, tears streaking her face. "It appears Severus was right about you, you are stupidly protective." He said in a whisper. "Wha- Severus?" Her question was left unanswered though when she her the man before her yell at the top of his lungs. " Avada Kedavra! " The last thing she saw was a green flash and out of the corner of her eye she saw the children's look genuine look of concern. "M-mamma?" Harry squeaked out as he watched his mother's body fall to the ground. "Mamma? Mamma!" Andrew yelled trying to get her to reply. The chalky white man with red eyes stared at his two new targets; turning his wand on them he gave a toothy grin before yelling the curse he had just used on their mother, only to see the spell bounce off something and flash back at him, he was too close to cast a shield in time, he felt his own curse hit him and in an instant, darkness. Andrew and Harry felt a very painful sting when the stranger in front of them shot a weird light at them and hit them on their hands, looking down at their hands; Harry saw a large scar on the top side of his left hand and Andrew noticed a big scar on the top side of his right hand. Hearing crying Andrew turned to see Harry crying and calling to their mommy. Then the next thing made Andrew even more confused as he saw a very dark haired man; not his uncle 'Paddyfot' but another man, he crawled over to his mommy and held her close before crying. Then everything went black. Andrew woke up looking at a large man with a lot of hair carrying him and Harry, somewhere, but before he had a chance to say anything he felt his sleepiness take over him again, turning slightly he saw water below him, they were driving on water? He smiled and went back to sleep. Harry opened his eyes when he heard voices, three voices actually, he opened his eyes a bit to see who was disturbing his sleep, Harry saw an old man with a long white beard, another only lady with curly brown hair and square glasses and a very big hairy man who gave him a prickly kiss on his forehead before blowing his nose loudly. Deciding not to dwell too much on it Harry reached out and took Andrew's hand; feeling a little better, Harry slipped back into unconsciousness. Dumbledore watched the two small children dreading the fact that their lives will never be normal; they will bare the weight of the world on their shoulders. He wiped a tear away and watched the two boys holding hands, as he turned to leave something caught his eye something he hadn't noticed before, when Andrew and Harry placed their hands together a lightning bolt scar was visible on their hands; starting on Harry's left hand leading all the way to Andrew's right hand. Dumbledore gave a sad sigh, he thought Dumbledore had only marked Harry as his equal, but he had in fact marked both Harry and Andrew. Both little boys were woken up by the sound of a shrill scream, opening their eyes they saw the sun was out and there was a skinny long necked woman staring at them. Taking them inside and reading a piece of paper that was attached to their blankets, she seemed quite cross about something, but Harry and Andrew had no idea why, they heard a shout and looked down to see a fat little boy wanting to see them. Then a very, very, very fat man come into the room, after a few whispers with the skinny long neck lady, the very fat man looked angrily at Andrew and Harry, they wanted to know what the matter was, but didn't get a chance to ask before they were thrown into a small closet and watched as the door slammed shut.