do almost anything in the dream world, do so was dangerous because the rational mind rebelled at the impossibility of it all. Whoever had crafted this dreamscape had been clever. The concept of magic gave structure to the chaos and made it safer because the impossible now had an explanation. Now, however, James was able to manipulate reality using those same rules. He tapped his wand on the control panel, " Go! " No need for any faux Latin phrases. His desire to see his family again and justice done would have to suffice. As the train shook like a dragon huffing to itself as it awoke, James gave out a cry of triumph! He was off to leave the wizard! He had to laugh at himself for he knew the look Lily would give him if she heard that terrible pun. The train began to pick up steam even as the music grew louder, sounding like it was coming from every direction at once. James couldn't help but feel a bit disoriented as the train raced into the white void. Without any frame of reference, it was hard not to feel a bit motion sick. James mentally urged the train to go faster while not realizing he was tapping his wand continuously onto the control panel all the while saying, "Go! Go! Go!" under his breath. Just as the music seemed to reach a crescendo, the void in front of the train seemed to change into a computerized grid-like pattern. To James it reminded him of something out of Tron or Star Trek's holodeck. In a blink of an eye the grid pattern went from being far in the distance to an encompassing wall which the train smashed into sending a screaming James falling into darkness. OoOoO "Mr. Potter? Sir? We've arrive at PDX and will be landing soon," James struggled to open his eyes. When he did so he was moderately surprised to find a flight attendant leaning over him, gently tugging at his arm. He quickly looked around. It was obviously the first-class section of a commercial flight. Where was he? He couldn't remember where he had been flying from. Why wasn't he on his private jet? James shook his head and rubbed his eyes. For that matter why didn't he just apparate? It would have been so much easier. His glasses were inches from his face before James froze up as if hit by a spell. Spells! Why did he think he could apparate? Memories came flooding back into him and he put his glasses on and he tried to act naturally. This was difficult because now he had the overwhelming urge to look around. Somewhere on this plane was the Phoenix team who had trapped him for what seemed like years and he didn't think for an instant they would give up on him so easily. "Are you alright sir? You look a little pale?" another flight attendant said after glancing his way after hanging up one of the on-board phones near the captain's cabin. James shook his head but said, "No I'm fine. Just had a bad dream. Nothing but a bad dream." The flight attendant smiled before moving to the attendant station and picked up a microphone and began welcoming the passengers to Portland and giving the local time and current weather and telling people to prepare for landing. All around him, passengers were lifting up their tray tables and buckling in. James sat back in his seat and wondered how many people around him were in on the plot and how many might be waiting for him when he exited the plane? He knew now that he was back in real time, there wouldn't be any last minute saves from a centaur or owl if death came knocking now! Yet just thinking about centaurs and owls made James feel odd. Even with the compressed time he'd just been through, James felt it odd he was still thinking in those terms back in the real world. Then it hit him. James looked out the window. Everything looked normal. Everything looked real. James ground his teeth together. But was it? Hogwarts, for all it's magic seemed real at the time. James began to pat down his person. Where was his Token? Panic began to set in when he realized he couldn't remember what his Token was! His stomach sank and not just because the plane began to descend. James had a bad feeling that no matter how real his environment was, he was still in the Dream. He needed to remember what his Token was or he'd never be able to tell if he was back in the normal world, still in the Dream or perhaps worse, slowly slipping into madness! XxXxX A/N : Yes I know. The title makes you think I'm setting up a Matrix cross-over only to make it a Inception one. I'm just evil like that. Two Chapters : I was going to make this a long one-shot but the problem is I didn't write down exactly how the next part was going to go or if I did, I can't find those notes. So I need to do some digging and if I can't find anything, I'll reconstitute. That and I have to watch Inception again for inspiration. I do have some fun twists at the end of this. Really Hidden Joke : Sadly, if I'm not mistaken, the hidden Disney joke no longer applies since they changed the ride I took it from. PDX : Portland International Airport Other Fics : I know most of you are here for my Harry Potter fics but please take the time to check out Nineteen and Ironheart. Especially Nineteen as I'll probably be posting on it for a bit. Also I am reworking through Paging Dr. Bell so once I get that done, I'll delete and then reload the last chapter to alert everyone so they can reread the whole thing.