incident in the hallway, she was now more prominent in his mind than ever. Though he hadn't voiced his concerns to the Headmistress, the incident had him worried. Constant vigilance was fine, as long as it didn't turn into full-fledged paranoia. Mad-Eye-Moody had been the living proof of that. He wondered if Miss Granger's obviously high stress-levels called for intervention. He observed her more keenly, but found to his relief that it must have been a one time incident. She seemed relaxed enough in his class. He looked for signs of unusual agitation or distress, but she seemed perfectly at ease. If anything, she was a little too nonchalant for his liking. Her potions were still faultless, albeit a result of mechanical routine rather than inspiration. She responded when asked a question, but rarely volunteered and raised her hand in class. A lot of times, he had the impression that her mind wasn't entirely focussed on the subject at hand. He had first feared that her new-found ease or rather laxity with Potions was a disconcerting consequence of the shift in their relationship – that she was taking liberties after his moment of weakness. There was no denying that he didn't intimidate her anymore. When he scowled, scolded and rained acerbic comments, she lowered her head like all the other students, but he sometimes had the strong suspicion that she was in truth hiding a smile. Nobody would find fault with her demeanor, as it remained respectful and unobstrusive, but she seemed unfazed by any critique or harsh comment he made. Her new-found serenity was unfamiliar, as she had always seemed most hurt and angered by his cutting remarks. A discrete inquiry among her other teachers revealed that this loss of drive was a general development which had been prominent even at the beginning of the school year. She did her assignments dutifully, but without the over-eagerness and ambition she had always displayed before. Her essays now seldom extended above the required length of parchment, and while he appreciated the new brevity when correcting, it was in itself very atypical for the girl who had always gone way above and beyond of what was required. Of course, they all had changed after the war, but with her, the changes were at the same time more subtle and yet more pronounced. She had matured and lost a lot of those characteristics he had always found annoying: The constant need to prove herself which had come across as showing-off; her over-correctness, which had sometimes unpleasantly reminded him of Percy Weasley. There had always been a touch of 'too much' on everything she did. If it was now toned down to a degree that it no longer screamed from every action, it was a positive development. So he let her be for the moment – not that he had much choice, anyway. It'd be extremely hypocritical of him if he scolded her for not raising her hand at every question, when he had admonished and ridiculed her for doing so for years. However, he continued to have an eye on her, inside his class and out. He told himself that it was just to watch out for anything that might give reason for concern, but deep inside he knew that he was lying to himself. He simply was unable to not watch her. She was often on his mind, whether he saw her or not. Their one-night encounter in his office had shaken him more than he was prepared to admit to himself. He still couldn't quite comprehend how it had happened. In a persisting, rational and rather courageous manner she had talked herself under his skin. It had taken him a couple of days to analyse their lengthy discussion. He even re-watched his memories of it in a Pensive, reassuring himself that he hadn't dreamed the whole incident, and figuring out his own feelings. There was no denying it: She had turned a huge part of his world – and of his self-conception – upside down. The entire situation was confusing, to put it mildly. It surely promised a world of trouble. He didn't know what he felt for her now – his emotions were almost as much in a tangle where she was concerned as his feelings regarding The-Boy-Who-Lived were. He was impressed with her. Greatly so. Her braveness, her openness of mind and her unwavering loyalty awed him. Her intellect, her intuition and her empathy were utterly astounding in a girl so young. He was amazed at her strength in the light of everything she had had to endure. Yet he had come to feel oddly protective of her. This was perhaps the most puzzling fact, as he had never really felt protective of anyone, not even of Potter. Keeping him alive had been more of a duty, a commitment, but certainly not a heart-felt yearning. He wondered why he felt it so strongly for her. Maybe because, despite her demonstration of strength, she looked frail and vulnerable ever since she had returned to Hogwarts? She had always been a small thing, but now she was also too thin, too pale. He had noticed that she didn't seem to eat much during meals. A lot of time, she loaded her plate, but merely shifted the food around on it after having taken a few bites. As her teacher, he felt responsible for his student's well-being, and that sense of duty even extended to Gryffindors. But he couldn't shake the growing suspicion that what he felt was more than just the responsibility of a teacher towards his pupils. Something in her called out to him, something that he was only subconsciously aware of. So he continued to watch her for clues as to what it might be that had him so oddly – entangled. Sorry - the first chapter is a bit short. The ones to follow (most likely another 15) will be longer. As always, your comments are very welcome!