her home phone number so they could communicate more quickly than by owl. She had even suggested they should spend some quality time together in person this summer. And there were always his pen friends to talk with and visit. Harry was fairly certain he could find something interesting this summer to keep him busy. Epilogue July 1 1996, Department of Mysteries Mr. Gray had complete the long, arduous process of closing out the Riddle Response Project. Everything had turned out as expected except for the staff members who had died early on. Mr. Gray still regretted their deaths. They and the surviving team members were the secret heroes of this war, but they would never receive the credit they deserved. Now Mr. Gray sat at his desk awaiting Harry Potter's arrival to finish the last task of this project. At that moment, Harry was walking through the Department of Mysteries on his way to Mr. Gray's office. Harry was wondering why he had been summoned. He had not expected to be back so soon after moving out of the Department. After taking his OWLs at Hogwarts, Harry had settled in at Grimmauld Place. Life with Sirius and Remus was alright; neither of them seemed compelled to direct Harry's actions one way or another. Harry had taken Katie out a few times in both the magical and muggle worlds since school let out. Harry was enjoying the holding hands, kissing, sitting and snuggling together, and all the other more innocent aspects of teenage romance that he'd never experienced. Given Katie's increasing aggressiveness during their snogging, Harry thought she might be wanting to move the physical relationship along. Harry reached Mr. Gray's office and knocked. Mr. Gray let Harry in and indicated for Harry to sit in one of the chairs in front of the desk. Harry had seen this office once before. It was now even more Spartan than it had been then. There was nothing in the office except the two of them and furniture. Mr. Gray produced a sealed folder and pushed it to Harry. "Read, please," he said. Harry unsealed the folder and read through the front set of pages. He paused, then started over and read them again. He looked up at Mr. Gray incredulously. "Are you serious?" Harry asked the hooded man. Mr. Gray nodded yes in reply. "Really?" Harry asked again, still finding the reading hard to believe. "Really," Mr. Gray said. "You leave immediately after this briefing. The folder contains everything you need to know, but you won't be taking it with you. Memorize it now." Harry sat back in his sit and stared at Mr. Gray. After a couple of minutes, Harry said, "I don't suppose you'll remove the hood and prove this is true?" "No, we will never have the luxury of speaking face-to-face," Mr. Gray replied. "Alright then," Harry said. Harry sat and read the contents of the folder slowly and methodically, committing each bit to memory. Every now and then he grunted or groaned at what he read, but he otherwise made no sound. After about two hours of reading, Harry stood and stretched. He looked at Mr. Gray and said, "Ok, I'm ready." Mr. Gray stood and pointed to the wall to Harry's left. The wall was featureless except for two concentric circles of runes seemingly carved into it. The two walked up and stood side-by-side in front of the circles. Mr. Gray placed his right hand in the center of the two circles, and the runes began to hum, glow, and rotate in opposite directions: the inner ring clockwise and the outer ring counter-clockwise. Considering the runes were etched into the wall, seeing them move startled Harry. "The destination is pre-set. Whenever you're ready to leave, place your right hand in the center of the circles, just as I did," Mr. Gray said to Harry. Harry took a deep breath, made certain the folder was tucked away safely, then pressed his right hand where Mr. Gray had. The outer ring expanded until its diameter was the same as Harry's height. The inner ring shrank until its diameter was the size of Harry's hand. The runes grew brighter and the circles spun faster and faster until the runes were no longer distinct. Harry felt himself drawn in, and he stepped forward. Instead of impacting the wall, Harry passed through it into whatever lay beyond. The clothes Harry was wearing fell to the floor as he disappeared. Once Harry was gone, the two circles of runes slowed and their glow faded, until they disappeared altogether. The wall was now just a plain wall, with no sign of the etched runes and no sign of Harry. Mr. Gray waited a few seconds, then said to no one in particular, "And with that, we're done." Mr. Gray removed his unique Unspeakable robe to reveal Harry Potter, looking the same as the Harry that had just disappeared, except that he was only wearing a pair of boxers. He stepped over to the other Harry's pile of clothes and put them on. He folded the Unspeakable robe and slipped it into a pocket of the everyday robe he was now wearing. With that, Harry Potter left the Department to start his post-war life. originally published: 29 September 2016 to 10 December 2016 last updated: 27 June 2017 Author's Notes: I originally posted this story in twenty chapters from September 2016 to December 2016. The chapters were very short, so I believe the story will be more readable in this form. I apologize to anyone who is impacted by the format change. Thank you to everyone who reviewed, favorited, or followed the original version of this story. Your feedback was greatly appreciated and very encouraging. I saved off all of the original reviews so nothing would be lost. I value feedback too much to throw it away. Also, thank you in advance to anyone who reviews, favorites, or follows the story in this form.