the chairs with a hand held over his abdomen. "Ron!" As Harry began to move towards his friend, the cloaked figure was by his side, holding him in the center of the room. "Don't move." It was said with no force, barely more than a whisper, yet the wizard was rooted to the spot. "Lars has begun his part. This ritual is already a massive risk, we can't let you disrupt it." Anger filled Harry. They hadn't even told him what this whole ritual was and they expected him to just take it. "Will you fucking tell me what you're doing then?" He was shaking, and he could feel some of his own magic losing control because of his anger. He looked at Albus, who was now sitting in the chair, exhaustion had taken over and he had fallen unconscious again. Ron stood up, he was shaky on his feet and Harry could see blood had soaked through his robes. "Listen Harry, he's gonna help you fix this. And when you go…" His voice croaked from the pain he was in. "When you do this, make sure I'm a better person." The redhead then looked at Shadow. "I'll buy you a bit more time, it's not like this whole world matters anymore." He smirked in pain, then limped out of the room. As Harry continued to look at the door his friend had walked out of, as if expecting him to come back, the golden runes brightened and small streams floated out from them towards the wizard in the center. Lars was now muttering to himself, deep in concentration as his hands and fingers made intricate patterns in the air. Harry jumped when Shadows deep melodic voice sounded in his ear. "This is an ancient ritual from before my people existed. Dragons and Demons were in a continuous state of war, one that the latter was losing. The Dragons had learned how to create other species, elves being the major one. So the Demons in a last attempt to win the war created this ritual, to send one of their own back, except they could not get it to work. They only had power over the chaotic energies of the universe. They then set out to do what the Dragons had done, create another species, one that could use the Order energies. Over and over they failed, until an outsider gave them the template their enemies had used. Thus the humans were created." Harry furrowed his eyebrows. Humans were demon-spawn? Shadow, then continued his tale. "They tried again, to the same results. Order and Chaos cannot intermingle, and the ritual was a disaster. It destroyed many demons and only a few humans escaped. The cost forced them to lose the war and the Demons were banished to the hellish holes of the pre-universe mass that was their home." "What are you doing differently if it didn't work for them?" Shadow had moved back to the edge of the room, the golden lights were now encircling the young wizard. Even as Harry asked the question, he knew the answer. "The magic of the Dragons, the elements earth, fire, water and wind. They act as a buffer between the two opposing energies. Alone they can do wondrous things, but never before has all three been able to work together until now. Lars is a very unique member of the universe. A descendant of a black dragon, a holder of the four elements; a human and an elf, holders of order magic; and a demon, the most chaotic beings the universe has ever known. He is one of two beings ever created that can use all of it." Harry was shocked, he never could have imagined that the man he had fought with for the past hour held that much power. "Still can't hold a candle to what you do, Shadow." Lars had straightened up, inspecting his work. Harry, spellbound by the tale, only now realized that he was completely encased in a golden glowing cocoon. "Better tell him what he needs to do before it goes into effect." He paused, giving a sidelong glance at the cloaked man. "Think this'll work?" Harry's eyes widened, Lars wasn't sure it was good even after all of that. Then he noticed the mischievous glint in the man's eye. Shadow sighed, his hood moving in a way that only a man shaking his head would. "Harry, this will send you back in time, to around when Albus took you from your relatives. Not physically at least, but your mind." The room began to shake erratically. "That will be Voldemort. Now listen closely, Harry. You will need to go to Hogwarts, stop Voldemort from getting the Stone, and then save Ginevra Weasley. She was very closely linked with the rise of Riddle and it must not happen again." The man's eyes glowed fiercely from under his hood, he then reached up with his blackened arm and removed his hood. The man's face was even more angular than Lars', with high pronounced cheekbones. His lips were thin, only slightly darker than his tanned face, the color of which did not match his arm, and there was a slight hint of facial hair on the end of his chin. His shoulder length straight hair was pure ebony. It was his cat-like eyes that stood out, even more so than the other Nephalem's, for the pupils were a deep ruby red, glowing as if a fire was ever burning within. "It will take some time for us to find the splinter universe that will be created by this. During that time, stop Voldemort from regaining his body, and figure out how he still lives. Ginevra will be the beginning. You will be the end. Good luck." He quickly turned, grabbed Lars and they both disappeared into nothingness as the golden glow around Harry began to blind him. Moments later he himself was engulfed into darkness and he remembered no more.