door. Jasper wasn't there to help her this time as he was away visiting his family. She was on her own and nearly had a heart attack but relaxed when she realised that it wasn't Ron. The person was too tall to be Ron and the way they carried themselves reminded her of the twins. The person turned and broke into a face splitting grin when he saw her. Her analysis was correct as the man turned out to be one of the twins though she couldn't tell which one. She used to be able to she thought sadly. He sat down right in front of her and grinned. She smiled back and realised that was the first real smile she had given in a long time to someone who wasn't Jasper. She took a wild stab at his identity. "Geo – no Fred. You're Fred." She grinned and thinking, Still got it. He mock bowed in his seat. "The one and only darling." He smiled, his grin spreading across his face. Conversation came easy between them which surprised her. The other patrons of the bar also noticed how easy going she became around him. Of course she didn't notice this – it was just Fred being Fred. He became a regular but only on days when he knew Jasper wouldn't be there. She never questioned it, it never crossed her mind to question it. He always lit up her day with his pranking nature and had suffered under them in the time he was there. He also pranked the other patrons. Some didn't like it but some did and it brought in more business on the off chance that Fred would be there that day. Jasper was pleasantly surprised but didn't question it. It was some months after he became a regular that he kissed her. She didn't expect it but she welcomed it. They became a couple shortly after but they never told Fred's family as neither wanted to start the inevitable storm that would follow if they did. George knew naturally from being Fred's twin but he could keep a secret and Hermione trusted him. Jasper, Fred and George were the limit of people she trusted. Surrounding yourself with guys again Hermione. But in truth she didn't mind. She always got along better with guys than girls. She didn't know why but she accepted it for what it was. One day over the bar speakers that were usually drowned out from the chatter she heard it. Her song. It broke her heart as it instantly reminded her of Draco. Everything in her life seemed to circle back to him in some way. Just one more hit and then we're through ' Cause you could never love me back Cut every tie I have to you She thought about the lyrics and realised history was repeating itself. Fred. He was coming less frequently than he used to but she knew his work kept him busy. She thought about all the ways they were different. He was a social animal, she preferred to stay in and read a book (she never lost her love of books, they only person that could rival her collection was Jasper). He loved his family, she had none to speak of anymore and didn't speak to his at all. They didn't even know of their relationship! Yes it was an unanimous decision but still. She didn't know what the 'but' was however it was there; hanging over her head like a cartoon raincloud that only hung over one person. She still smoked which he openly despised and begged her to stop. She didn't. She realised it was time. Time to break herself again. It wasn't that Fred couldn't love her back, it was that she couldn't. She couldn't string him alone like she did Ron. But how could she break it to him and not end up in the same situation she ended up in with Ron? Or possibly even worse. She would break up with him tonight. She knew he was coming tonight as Jasper wasn't there. She could do this. He took it surprisingly well and said he knew it was coming. He said he knew she was a flight risk and couldn't commit to a relationship completely even if she wanted to. She was glad he understood and they parted as friends promising to keep in touch. Then the accident happened. She didn't know what went wrong but an experiment he and George were developing for the shop backfired. George wasn't in the direct line of fire and only lost an ear. But Fred; he was killed instantly. She felt like it was her fault. She couldn't grieve with his family as she was dead to them now so Jasper grieved with her. Over time he had grown to like Fred. They weren't best friends but they got on well enough (when Jasper was there for Fred to talk to that was) and Fred had a persona that made everyone like him even if they didn't like his pranks. She decided she would give up on love. She only hurt those she was with anyway so why did she even try? She didn't try to put herself back together again. A/N: What did you think of it? It became much darker as I wrote it than I originally intended but what can you do? I also set out with Fred to live (as he's my favourite) but led naturally to his death so I'm sorry! You can leave it here if you want but there are more parts to this series. Part 2 is called 'The Only Drug I Need' and Part 3 is called 'Return of the Dragon' Please review, comment or critique as it really makes my day! Cross-posted on Archive of Our Own under the same name and title. There now a poll open to decide the outcome of part 4 'With Me Forever' which is yet un-posted.