the old man thought she would grow out of it. Though I was concerned he simply trusted the Weasley's too much or was complicit in any plots. I would just have to keep an eye on matters. I watched the entire sorting with detachment, finally, after Sally-Anne Perks was sorted; I was called up to the stool. I stepped forward and was treated to whispering. "Is he related to James Potter, the Boy Who Lived?" "I don't think the Potters have two kids, must be a cousin." Was the last thing I heard, as the hat covered my eyes. "Very, very impressive, Mr. Potter. Such intelligence, that Rowena would love you. You might even surpass her one day. Yet your ambition would appeal to Salazar. You have bravery, nerve, and daring, but you don't seek out silly quests and trouble. You wouldn't fit in Gryffindor House at all. Sadly, I sense you don't want your reputation sullied by being sorted into Slytherin. Be warned, Mr. Potter, you won't be challenged by a Hogwarts education, however the best house for you is the one you want to be sorted into... RAVENCLAW!" The Ravenclaw table broke into cheers and applause. I rose from the stool and joined them, the Sorting Hat's words plaguing my mind. I sat down with the Ravenclaws and everyone began trying to shake my hand and congratulate me. I tried focusing on my brothers sorting, but was prevented by annoying people. I prevented myself from being rude, I had to live with these people after all. I was pleased he was sorted into Gryffindor like he wanted, and clapped enthusiastically. The sorting ended with Blaise Zabini being sorted into Slytherin. "So, Harry, how are you related to James Potter?" Michael Corner asked. "Do you mean the one sorted tonight or the current Lord Potter?" "The one sorted tonight." He said in reply. "He's my twin brother. We just have a lot of different health habits, so I'm taller and fitter and prefer to embrace pureblood fashion and mannerisms." I said, to their shock. "I can see the resemblance." An Indian girl said. "I'm Padma, by the way." "Nice to meet you." I said sincerely. "I bet your brother knows loads of magic already." Michael Corner said, causing me to snort derisively. That caused me to get some surprised looks. "He preferred Quidditch over studying ahead. The most he knows is some pranking spells and some potions, at least as far as I know." I said somewhat dismissively, though my disapproval for my brothers behavior was clear. "Surely Dumbledore has given him training?" Corner pressed and several others looked curious, but Padma looked at him in disapproval. "Dumbledore was banned from all Potter properties." I said, getting annoyed by this idiot. "What? Why?" He asked, being far too nosy for my tastes. "That's none of your business. It's a family matter." I said coldly, not bothering to conceal my annoyance any longer. "Your sure he wasn't given special training?" Another asked. "Okay, I'll tell you the truth." I said, concealing my annoyance. The idiots all leaned in. "Dumbledore sent him back in time to train with Merlin and Four Founders, during which time he died of old age. He was reincarnated as himself after spending time in Heaven learning holy white magic from angels. He can even lead them in battle against the forces of darkness." I said, just mocking them at this point. "Really?" Corner asked, looking at Dumbledore in awe. "No. I'm messing with you, you idiot." I said, looking at Corner like he's a complete moron. People started laughing at his stupidity. He looked like he wanted to hit me, but I didn't care, the idiot was bugging me. "So, Harry, what do you like to do for fun?" Padma asked minutes later. "I mostly read, practice magic and alter potions recipes to take less time or be more potent." "You can do that?" She asked in surprise. "Yeah, you just have to experiment and calculate how different ingredients will interact. It helps to memorize the effects and properties of ingredients before experimenting, that way there is less chance for error." I said to her interest. We spent the rest of the feast talking about potions, I carefully avoided telling modifications to medical potions. That was a potential source of revenue for me, and I was not risking it. "Ahem - just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered. I have a few start-of-term notices to give you. First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well." Dumbledore's twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins. "I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridor." "Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch." "And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death." I just raised an eyebrow. "And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!" Dumbledore cried. They should just do away with the stupid song, nobody likes it. Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick and long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words. "Everyone pick their favorite tune, and off we go!" I just lip synced it, to the amusement of Padma and Terry Boot, who realized there was no sound coming out of my mouth. The song ended with the Weasleys singing along to a very slow funeral march. "First years, follow me, please!" Penny Clearwater said, and we all rose to follow her.