and retelling. Albus found more than one of those stories in the newspaper the next day. I never expected my family to betray me , Albus grumbled. However, hadn't his own brother betrayed him too? Aberforth still wasn't willing to accept his letters and had openly distanced himself from Albus in an interview. He only had a handful of supporters left. And now the day of Augusta Longbottom getting her stupid revenge was getting closer. He knew about her training – with none less than that Pinegrew snake, I should have expected it – and her plans to invoke the Trial of Grievance. Like Agatha he knew the details, the benefits and dangers of choosing this path to extract revenge. Unfortunately all charges were true. Yes, he had his reasons to make those decisions, reasons that would pardon him in the face of history. Magic however didn't ask for reasons and explanations. He had wronged her and magic would take Augusta's side, there was no doubt. I have to write to Harry , Albus decided. He has to see reason. It's more important to stop Tom in a permanent way than performing this little bit of 'justice'. He sighed deeply. Harry has to understand that he has to die to bring Tom down without any chance of ever returning. He'll need me for that moment. A boy can't stand alone in the face of such a harsh decision. And someone has to be there to bring Tom down after he turns mortal once again. I just have to be at his side . Albus grabbed an empty piece of parchment and started to write a letter to Harry. He has to stop this trial nonsense. There are more important things to consider than the revenge of an old hag. Dear Harry… . Somewhere in the Far East . I hate children. I hate Muggles. And most of all I hate Muggle children. He seethed with helpless rage, rage that burned in his mind and soul. It would burn in his heart too if he had any. However, he didn't. Where flesh had been, there was only stone now. For weeks if not months he had been imprisoned like this, unable to lift a finger, unable to roll his eyes or glare at the little devils making fun of him. Two tiny girls were standing in front of him, giggling, whispering, and pointing towards him. There was only a thin rope separating them from him. One of the girls looked around, probably looking for her parents. The adults were a dozen paces away, a group of those narrow eyes around a guide with a silly colourful Hawaiian shirt. Each of the adults wore a yellow tee with a name on them. He had seen more of those tourist groups over the last weeks than he ever thought possible to exist. Oh, how he hated them. The little girl bowed and wriggled through under the rope. Looking left and right, the eyes wide and smile on her lips, her hand came nearer. The tip of her finger touched him. Germs, I've got Muggle germs on me now , he fumed. Oh, how would he love to be able to move, to rip her apart for her audacity. The girl started as a woman called her. He grinned. Or at least he would have grinned if his stony lips allowed it. You'll get your trashing now, little beast, disgusting creature . However instead of spanking the girl, the woman scolded her, only to fetch a handkerchief from her handbag. She started to clean the girl's fingers, the message being clean: don't touch the dirty stone statue. Dirty, I give you dirty , he wanted to scream. In helpless agony he watched the mother and daughter walk away. A last time the girl turned around and waved him farewell. I hate children. I hate Muggles. And most of all I hate Muggle children. . Golden City . A surge of pure hate raced through his heart, awakening him from his slumber. Pictures were in his mind, pictures of faceless people watching him, mocking him and throwing insults in his face. How dared they? He would kill them for their impudence. His eyes open now, he needed a few moments to remember where he was; to remember who he was. Antonin Dolohov, he tried to nod. I'm Antonin Dolohov, leader of the… He flinched. Something was wrong. He tried again to nod, to move his head to the side. Hate was replaced by animalistic fear. He couldn't move his head . Why can't I … He trembled. He tried to move his hands, his feet, anything. Nothing happened. Faceless heads appeared again, mocking him, cursing him. He wanted to cry, to yell. He was barely able to control his emotions, this mix of burning rage and terrifying fear. The emotions allowed him to cast a Reducto, wordless and wandless, draining but still strong. It shot straight through the faces and hit the ceiling of his bed-chamber. Outside a pair of feet started to run towards the door. Seconds later the door burst open and the Death Eater on duty raced into his room, wand drawn. Only now, from one second to the other, he was able to move again. A thick layer of sweat was covering him, pure cold sweat. "Everything is alright," he explained, his voice so hoarse that he had to repeat it. Antonin needed a few minutes to convince the man that he was really alright and leave him again. Only then had he time to think about what happened to him. Never before had he experienced something like this. It was like being petrified , he mused darkly. But how? And why? Was it an attack? Some kind of message? He didn't understand the incident, not one bit. He only knew that he had to think about it. I have to find an explanation, and soon. Before it happens again .