Swedish sweets. "My Mor packed me some sweets would you like to share it with me." Angelique said to Harry who looked happy and nodded his head happy someone would share with him. She open the container and her and Harry started to nibble on stuff. Harry then reached for a box of jelly beans. "Bertie botts ever flavor beans? "Harry said looking confused. "They really mean every flavor. "Ron said as Angelique stared at the rat that the redhead brought as it ate the candy. As Ron rambled on about the flavors of the jelly beans. Harry just put the jelly bean away and then got something that said chocolate frogs. "These aren't real frogs are they? "He asked. Before Ron could answer Angelique beat him to the punch. "They are shaped and act like a frog would but they are made completely out of chocolate. But you might want to be careful when opening them. "She said as she was now eating a dessert that looked green. Harry just nodded as he open the package and the frog hoped out and startled him and out the window. "Oh that's what you mean by careful." Harry said then looked at the card in his hand that showed an old man by the name of Dumbledore. "By the way this is Scabbers." Ron said as the other two looked at the rat that was eating the candies. "Pathetic isn't he "Ron said. "A little bit?" Harry said more in question Angelique just stayed silent. Something felt off about that rat and its aura was also off. "My brother Fred gave me a spell to turn him yellow. Want to see?" Ron said as he got his wand out , but be for he could say a spell the door was open and a girl with brown bushy hair with brown eyes walked in. "Has anyone seen a toad Neville lost his?" The girl asked then she saw the wand. "Oh are you about to do magic let's see then." Ron just cleared his voice and started to say more of a rhyme then a spell. So when he pointed it to the rat nothing happen. Angelique just raised an eyebrow in amusement as the girl that walked in showed a real spell by fixing Harry's glasses. She then introduced herself as Hermione Granger when she found out about Harry. Angelique just tuned all this out as she continued to think on the weird feeling she was getting as she looked out the window she say it was dark so they were close. She stood up with her bag. "I'm about to go get changed y'all should so the same." She said as she went to find the bathroom, she vaguely heard Hermione say that the boys should also get ready. There was something about that girl that she liked she was sure she is a muggleborn by how excited her aura was and it was refreshing. Hogwarts! When the train stopped all the students got off and went in different directions the first years were called by a giant of a man. When the trio got closer the giant Hagrid spotted them. "Hey Hagrid!" Harry said excitedly. "H'rry thes yur fri'nds ?" Hagrid said (IM sorry can't do accent) "Yeah!" W'll l'ts go!"Hagrid then guided the first years through the woods and down to a lake were they got their first look at the school. Harry was in awe as him and his friends followed the half giant to the boats which were only four to a boat. He shared a boat with Angelique, Ron and Hermione as they sailed across the water. When they reached land the boy Neville found his toad and they followed Hagrid up the stairs to a hall and a group of big doors. A women then appeared through the doors. The women looked stern with her gray hair in a tight bun and her expression. "Prof' Mcgonagall Brought ya the fi's't yer's" Hagrid said. "Thank you Hagrid Now Welcome to Hogwarts In a few moments you will pass these doors and join your class mates, but before you can you will be sorted into four houses they are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff,Ravenclaw and Slytherin . Now why you are here your house will be like your family, your success will earn you points but trouble making will take them away. The sorting ceremony will begin shortly." Mcgonagall said as she walked back through the doors. "So it's true then on the train? Harry Potter 's at Hogwarts." A blonde boy said. Angelique just stared at him with disdain because of his tone and how he started a commotion over a name. ' England people are so weird. "She thought as the boy whose name was Malfoy was the only thing she caught as he started talking and every word out of his mouth wanted her to punch him. He started to criticize Ron for being in a poor family and he then threated Harry because he didn't want to be friends with a bully. In her mind this boy needed humiliation. She let her wand slip into her hand and when the other children started to freak out over the ghost she tapped Harry on the shoulder. "Harry would you like to see something funny?" She asked him in a whisper. Harry just looked at her and nodded wondering what she was doing. He was about to ask, but she lifted up her wand and put it to her lips in a silence gesture and then pointed it at Malfoy and did a simple movement with a quiet mumble as a clear looking orb hit Malfoy in the head. The noise around them turn quiet then one by one the kids started to laugh and point at Malfoy who now sported Neon red and green stripped hair. Well to be continued! Tell me what you think and if you have question s just pm me ok.