and cower in your school, instead of taking action! This is a war, not a training exercise! If you truly believe that the Death Eaters could be redeemed, you deserve to be forced into retirement and placed in the mental asylum at St. Mungo's!" He caught his breath after that little outburst and he glared at the Headmaster. "We will continue this at a later date. For now…" He wheeled and looked at Voldemort, who looked highly amused by the tirade. "Shall we continue?" "We shall." They again began to fight, ignoring the pleas of Dumbledore. "Let me fight him Severus!" Dumbledore commanded. "You cannot hope to stand up to him!" Snape stopped and turned, his wand rising to point at the wizard. "Way to be encouraging." He sneered, his robes flapping around him in the nonexistent wind. "Maybe if you actually had some of that famed Gryffindor bravery in you, you could have ended this war sooner. After all, you are 'The only one he ever feared.'" He said with a mocking tone of voice. Several yards away Voldemort snarled. "I never feared you. I just did not attack the only place I ever called home. Yet Snape here, despite being a traitor, which he will suffer for, has put up more of a fight than you ever did, so stay out of this!" United by dislike for the man, Voldemort and Snape both launched a few spell chains at Dumbledore without looking, hitting him and sending him flying backwards, unconscious. "Now after that little interruption, I am sorry to say that you all must die!" He threw a bludgeoning hex towards Harry which Lupin intercepted by throwing himself in the way, the backlash throwing the werewolf into a wall. Snape looked at Voldemort, his greasy hair covering one eye. "Have you ever heard of the Weasley twins? I thought not. They were in Gryffindor, and while they were mostly pranksters, they did accomplish some interesting devices. Like this one!" He pulled a small package from his pocket and rapped it with his wand before hurling it at Voldemort. The Dark Lord's eyes widened and he hastily cast a shield as the portable swamp exploded in front of him, coating the bubble-like shield in a thick layer of sludge. Snape did not give him any respite, throwing various things at him. Most he managed to dispel or dodge, such as the fireworks, the fake wands, and the exploding dungbombs. There was one he did not. With a windup and a throw that any major-league pitcher would have been jealous of, Snape carefully aimed a piece of candy that hit Voldemort in the mouth. Voldemort's eyes bulged as he struggled to avoid choking on his tongue, which had thickened and extended. Severus smirked, surveying the ton-tongue toffee's result. "Look at that. Cat got your tongue?" Snape quickly conjured dozens of marbles and muttered a spell which made them continuously follow him and pelt him in the face as Voldemort attempted to fix his tongue. He was not having much success, as he did not know the counter offhand and the rain of marbles constantly smacking into his head did not help his concentration. "Time to end this." Snape threw a small box towards Voldemort which opened and an odd creature flew up and began biting him. Snape did not bother to see the result, but calmly walked over to Harry, making sure he was uninjured. Harry stared at the odd sight, the feared Dark Lord with a ridiculously long tongue, being attacked by marbles and a strange thing. Snape smiled at his expression. "A saber-toothed bunnybat." He explained. "Quite vicious." They looked at Voldemort just in time to see him give up on his tongue and began casting silently at the bunnybat. He hit it, and it froze for a moment before splitting into several more, while broadcasting a loud female voice, almost like a howler. "TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE!" It shrieked. "WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING YOUNG MAN? TRESPASSING! A FELON! YOU BETTER RUN, BECAUSE IF I GET MY HANDS ON YOU…" The voice went on to give some rather creative threats about what would happen if he did not leave immediately. One of the surviving Death Eaters who was not too smart saw his boss in trouble and let several curses fly, which hit their targets, causing several bunnybats to freeze. Harry and Snape both covered their ears just in time. "DIDN'T LEARN THE FIRST TIME EH?" Several voices shouted with a slight delay between them, almost like an echo. "NO WONDER! YOU DREADFUL DULLARDS, LAZY LAYABOUTS, USELESS DARK LORD WANNABES, MINDLESS MIDGETS, STUPID SNAKES! OUT! OUT I SAY!" The new bunnybats dive bombed the dark lord, and you could hardly see the feared Dark Lord, as he was surrounded by a flock of vicious saber-toothed bunnybats that were all biting him. The swarm swirled around him, biting furiously, and they could hear the inarticulate cries of pain from the center of the attack. The rustle of the wings alone filled the atrium with a loud rasping sound. Voldemort had had enough. He ran out the way he came in, passing stunned aurors who were having trouble understanding what they had just seen. Voldemort apparated away as soon as he passed the wards, leaving most of the bunnybats behind, which burst into dust, their mission fulfilled. Snape smiled, removing his hand from his ears, before brushing off the dust from his robe. "Well that was interesting." He said brightly, in a very odd tone coming from the serious potions master. "I hope I looked confidant. That was terrifying." He slumped down onto a piece of nearby masonry and massaged his right arm, which he had thrown out tossing the ton-tongue toffee. "I had wanted to do that to Albus forever. What a mess." He sighed, echoing Harry's words from earlier as aurors flooded the room, followed by a nearly apoplectic Minister of Magic cowering in the back.