and any team who attempts to sign me will be disbanded and fined heavily. 5) Dolores Umbridge passed a decree a month ago saying all Quidditch teams were disbanded and any team wishing to reform had to gain her permission otherwise the team members would be expelled. Draco Malfoy was heard to declare that she gave Slytherin permission to reform straight away. Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw had to wait two weeks - according to my source, Umbridge performed criminal record checks on the team members' families and as for Gryffindor, had Professor McGonagall not intervened after a month, the Gryffindor team would still be disbanded. Angelina Johnson told me that Umbridge gave her the choice of an immediate approval - if I was removed from the team - Angelina refused. In my opinion, Slytherin House has been taking advantage of Professor Snape's professional dislike for anyone not in Slytherin. Whenever there is a Gryffindor v Slytherin match, he always makes sure Gryffindor can't practice. In my second year, former Gryffindor Captain Oliver Wood booked the pitch for Gryffindor which Snape overrode just so Slytherin could train their new Seeker, which happened to be Draco Malfoy. Professor Snape also gives out detentions to any non-Slytherin player on the exact day they have a meeting with a scout from a professional team. I don't know if I've read the rule book right, but I thought a teacher cannot confiscate a broom without cause. Lucius Malfoy brought Nimbus 2001 brooms for the entire team and when I was given a Firebolt, both him and Professor Snape tried to force me to give it to Draco Malfoy but I refused. I was given a detention by Snape which was cancelled by Professor McGonagall. I know this is hard to believe, but I enclose Pensive memories of all the events. I am very concerned for the future of the game if people like these are allowed to abuse powers just because they don't like particular people. Thank you. Harry Potter. Mr. Greengrass looked over the letter several times before deciding what to do. He went to Amelia Bones of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement (who hated Umbridge) to ask her advice and to view the memories in the DMLE Pensive. Following it, he filed several complaints and then sent several letters. Harry received it the following day. He read it and smiled. Fred and George had also received letters. Malfoy had also received a letter along with Snape and McGonagall. Harry and the twins each walked up to Umbridge and gave her three pieces of parchment. "What is this?" she demanded to know. "Orders from both the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and the Department of Magical Sports and Games to return the property you stole from us," Harry said, "This other piece of parchment (they gave her another piece) confirms that you had no right to ban us from the game, only the Department of Magical Games and Sports. Your actions were totally illegal. So, we are free to rejoin our team." "Then the entire Gryffindor team is disbanded." Umbridge said, determined to gain a victory. "I'm afraid not Professor ," Harry said, "You had no right to disband the teams in the first place. Only the Headmaster or at the very least, the Department of Magical Games and Sports has the power to do that." "How did Greengrass find out about this?" Umbridge asked. "I wrote and told him, and before you say a word, none of it was lies as the events of the game can be verified by over a hundred people, including four heads of house, the headmaster and the Minister's personal toad," Harry said (several people laughed), "We'll be by your office this evening with our Head of House to retrieve our brooms." Umbridge looked at Harry realising that for now, he had won. "Dolores," McGonagall said, reading her letter, "Your decision to award the win to Slytherin was illegal and Gryffindor has been declared the winners of the match." Suddenly, she noticed something. "Mr. Potter, show me your right hand please." Harry showed it to her. The scars saying 'I will tell lies ' could be seen. "How did this get on your hand?" McGonagall asked. "Professor Umbridge and her detentions. She had me writing that line with a red quill." Harry said. "That is a blood quill - illegal for anything other than signing contracts with the bank." McGonagall said, "Why did you not say a thing?" "You told me to keep my head down, so I did but she just issued out detentions like Honeydukes does sweets." "I apologise Mr. Potter," McGonagall said, "I thought it was just lines, but not like this. You should have come to someone." That was the end of Umbridge's reign of terror. To save face, Fudge sacked her and sent her to Azkaban for using a blood quill on minors. McGonagall reversed all points given and taken away by Umbridge. McGonagall decided to force through several reforms to Hogwarts Quidditch after Mr. Greengrass threatened to ban the sport from Hogwarts. Crabbe and Goyle were given a Hogwarts ban from the sport and Crabbe was suspended, pending any news about Angelina Johnson. Goyle was given detention. Draco Malfoy's ban was reinstated. Katie Bell was given the Captainship of the Gryffindor team. Harry, Fred and George were reinstated to the team. What got me about the first section was that why were Slytherin allowed to postpone their game in third year when in the first year, Gryffindor had to play without a Seeker... also, was Snape overriding pitch bookings fair? I know when I was at school, heads of house were not allowed to override a booking of the football pitch, although I preferred to talk to squirrels instead of playing football (but I was very good at rounders/baseball). Oh, Sirius went to the Quidditch shop either under Polyjuice or a Glamour charm. The shop has no idea who owns which vaults.