learned during her final catch of Seeker Golf. She heard a crash behind her, but didn't look back as she turned and kicked off the western wall, hurtling to the northern goal post where the snitch was still hovering lazily. Triumphant, Lily snatched the golden ball from the air and held it close to her chest, taking her first deep breath of the day. She did it. She did it. Lily Evans was the new Gryffindor Seeker. Shocked, Lily turned her broom around, and flew back to where the team had crowded around Number 5 by the western wall. Lily watched as Kenneth offered 5 a hand to help him up, and James patted him on the back. As Lily landed twenty feet away, she watched as 5 took off his mask to reveal the very amiable, if slightly bloodied, face of Frank Longbottom. "Good show today, Frank," Potter said to him cheerfully, "We'll have you on the reserve roster, feel free to stop by practice whenever you like." "I'm so sorry, Frank," Lily said, approaching them, her voice still deep from the mask, "Are you all right?" Frank grinned, "The only thing bruised today is my ego," Frank said, "Well, and perhaps my nose, but Madame Pomfrey can fix that. "But you! That was spectacular flying today. I don't know whether to be honored or ashamed that you actually pulled a Wronski Feint on me." Frank finished, sticking out his hand to her. Lily took it, dazed. Now that she thought about it, Lily really had pulled the legendary Wronski Feint. She hadn't meant to exactly, at the time all she'd really been thinking about was getting 5, well Frank, away from the snitch. Maybe she understood more about quidditch plays than she'd originally thought… "All right, Lucky Number 7, it's about time we know who our new teammate is," Potter said, clapping her on the back. Heart pounding, Lily reached up the hand not still clutching the snitch to drag the black mask off her face, shaking out her mane of long red hair. "YEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSS!" Someone screeched, and suddenly Lily's vision was filled with scarlet, and someone was clutching her so tightly she thought she might break a rib, spinning her around in circles. "I'm gonna be sick, Marley," Lily mumbled, and Marlene laughed out loud, but set her down. "You fly like that and think that I'm the one who's going to make you sick," Marlene said, shaking her head in mock shame, though she couldn't keep the smile off her face. "I knew it! I knew it was you, when I saw you picking your fingers before you took off, you always do that when you're nervous…Oh, God, this is absolutely the best day ever, you were so spectacularly amazing, wait 'til we write Dad, he's going to be so proud of you, Oh, Lily!" Marlene gushed, a mile a minute. Marlene's praise nearly brought a tear to her eye. Lily didn't let it fall there though. Instead, she turned to face the rest of her new team. "Congrats, Evans, I'd no idea you had it in you," Nigel said appreciatively. Kenneth nodded his agreement. Gideon, a friend of Lily's since she'd tutored him in Potions, gave her a hug. "You didn't tell me you could play quidditch!" Gideon said in fake anger. "I didn't know I was any good until a month ago," Lily said with a shrug of her shoulders. The statement shocked everyone present into silence. "See, Prongs," Sirius finally said, clapping Potter, who hadn't moved since Lily removed her mask, on the back. Potter looked utterly gobsmacked. "She is the most stubborn and surprising person you will ever meet in your life. Aren't you, Lily?" Sirius asked with a grin, and Lily shrugged her shoulders again, smile on her face. Lily's smile seemed to shock Potter back into movement and he smiled back, offering her a hand. "Welcome to the team then, Lucky Number 7. We're happy to have you around." Lily took the proffered hand. Potter's grasp was firm and warm. "Thanks, James. I'm happy to be here." The first match is in November, against Slytherin. Lily doesn't sleep the night before. Nervous and excited, Lily catches the snitch from under Regulus Black's foot seven minutes after the first whistle blows. James pretends to be angry, since he only had time to score two goals, but Lily knows that he's elated. The second match is in February, on a blustery, cold day against Hufflepuff. With the wind and snow, it takes both Seekers an hour and a half to spot the snitch. Lily narrowly beats Macmillan to the snitch, but is hit in the head by a bludger right after she catches it. She wakes up in the hospital wing the next morning, with James asleep in a chair by her bed, a silvery invisibility cloak pooled in his lap. The third match is in May, against Ravenclaw. In order to win not just the match, but the cup as well, Lily must wait until Gryffindor is up by seventy points. The wait is agony, but Marlene scores two goals, Nigel one, and James five in a short span, and Kenneth lets in only one goal. Lily can catch the snitch. With a start that makes her want to both laugh and cry at the irony, Lily spots the snitch on the northern goalposts whilst she is on the south side of the pitch. Ravenclaw's Elise Boot rests directly between her and the quidditch cup. As she did before, Lily fakes for the western wall, rolls herself over, turns and kicks off the wall, and listens as Elise crashes behind her before swiping the snitch out of the air, triumphant once again. Six blurs come hurtling toward her, but it is James who reaches her first, James who pulls her into a crushing hug. James who kisses her in midair in front of the entire school. And the rest is history.