"Well, it's possible he's not." In his right mind, she meant, but didn't vocalize, "Shush, now, just for a minute, I need to draw the network in, this spell dissipates fairly quickly." She'd pulled a felt pen from her handbag, and begun to ink in the activity clusters, and the straight lines that violated topography – those had to reflect flight. As the spell wound to completion she realised there were far fewer completely isolated clusters than she'd originally thought. He rarely apparated. Cheung left, and returned with a drink and a basket of chips in the time it took her to complete the map of Snape's movements. Her hand was cramping, but she'd gotten it done by the time the spell began to fade. She folded the map, and tucked it into her handbag. She passed Cheung five $20s, and pushed the surplus maps and the photographs back in her direction. "This has been spectacularly helpful, I very much appre—" Her mobile rang. It was Lefebvre. Damn! The time! "Audrey, hello! Yes, I definitely do still want to meet, it's terribly important that I speak with you. I'd gotten caught up in something, but I'm actually very close by. A pub just across from the ROM. Yes, that's right, Gabby's. Oh! Well, that's convenient, certainly, I'll stay put. Wonderful, see you shortly." "By 'Audrey', you don't, by any chance, happen to mean Dr. Lefebvre?" Cheung's voice had gone suddenly flat. She was holding a chip in midair. A glop of ketchup dripped off it. "Yes, actually. You know her?" Cheung frowned, pursed her lips, and then apparently thought better of it. She shook her head, pushed her glass away, and stood. "I know it's no business of mine, ma'am, but you should count yourself lucky I didn't know this was one of Lefebvre's things. I'd've charged you a whole lot more." She watched, bemused, as Cheung marched up the stairs and out of her life. She snagged one of the abandoned chips, and shrugged. Lefebvre was prompt; she came clicking down the stairs and up to the table before the chip basket had more than a dent in it. She pulled a scarf from over her dark, plum-red hair, and grimaced at it. "And of course it's raining out there, wouldn't you know. Splendid, fries; damn the diet, I'm starving. D'you mind? And what's been going on, between now and yesterday afternoon?" She laid the story (and the map) out for her Canadian counterpart. "Hrmm. Well, I don't know how much help I can actually be. If he's still a British citizen – offhand I don't know how being declared dead affects that – if he is, the Office can't participate in any actions; that was part of the 1982 repatriation, quid pro quo for your Ministry giving up all its power over Canadian wizards. And even then… I'd have to check to be 100% sure, but I don't think we've ever noted a magical signature from that far north. If he's gone off-grid—" "Off-grid?" "Oh, I suppose you say 'gone Muggle'. Same thing. Anyway, we can't touch him if he's legitimately living as a Muggle. Squibs, off-gridders, aboriginal 'medicine', they all fall under Muggle jurisdictions. Our jurisdiction is limited to strictly wizarding cases." "So I'm on my own, then? Would I even be allowed to go and investigate?" "You can go, sure. And I might be able to help out, unofficially, at least. I can poke around in the files. At least I can put in an access-to-information request, find out his citizenship. If he's applied or even been granted dual citizenship, there might be extradition tangles I could help you sort. Actually…" She paused and pursed her mauve lips. "Just what was his role in your war?" "Double-agent, or maybe quadruple depending how you count it; he passed himself off as one of Voldemort's Death Eaters for nearly two decades. Ultimately, it happened he was on our side. There was a short-lived campaign for him to be posthumously cleared of charges in the post-war trials." "But he ultimately wasn't? Hmm. And apparently he's no longer posthumous." "Indeed." "So that's pre-e-e-tty suspicious. Previously involved with a known terrorist organization, currently hiding in northern Ontario, unbeknownst to the British Ministry. Or us, apparently. I'll bet I could sew him up under the wizarding clause in C-51; that'd mean we could surveil, even if he is off-grid. And if he's somehow managed a Canadian citizenship, we can strip that under C-24, easy, known ties to terrorists and all. Yeah, you know what Hermione? I can probably help you out quite a bit, after the paperwork." Never underestimate the powers of bureaucracy. Lefebvre was grinning, and tapping her biro against her knee. The stringy witch seemed positively ecstatic about her self-appointed role as rubber-stamp warrior. "What do you think the timeline on that would be?" "Well, I'll have to get started immediately, we're coming up on a federal election in a couple weeks, and the Opposition's said they'll repeal those laws if they form the government. We'll want to get this going fast, get in before a regime change. Although it does look like Trudeau's Liberals are fronting the polls, and no one reckons they're apt to rock the boat much on C-51, at least. Still. I'll start in on it this weekend, get the ball rolling for Monday, eh?" "And I could theoretically work my own investigation in the meantime?" "Errrrrm, officially, or unofficially?" "What would the difference be?" "Let's just say fly-fishing doesn't muddy up the water." That suited H. Granger-Weasley just fine. She didn't have authorization to formally investigate Deceased Wizarding Persons anyway. Closed cases were closed, even if the corpse did turn up hale and hearty in a Toronto newspaper. Author's note: Reviews are the currency of fandom. I've been putting a lot of effort into researching and writing this, and would love to hear what you think! Please jot me a quick note if you can.