then when I was a kid." He stared at Harry. "It's still hard to believe you didn't have this life, but I do see some of the differences." Harry looked down. "No, no, nothing bad. You beat Voldemort, not even my 'Harry' could do that." "If my death kept what happened to our time-line from happening, maybe it was better." Harry looked at Hermione, but then continued, "Ron was unstoppable. I know what he can do, and I think this may be a reason why I'm here now, ot-" He stopped himself, he wasn't quite sure why, but he didn't fell like bring up his past family while Hermione sat next to him, ...not yet. "I'm not sure how he found the Essence of Voldemort," Harry Continued, "or if it will be the same here, but I know he can." He paused before continuing, a little slower, "I'm hoping to see the old Ron, although..." His mind trailed a moment, those haunting words echoing in his head, "I'm not fully sure how I'll do." A moment passed before anyone said anything, but then Hermione piped in. "Harry, it's hard to believe Ron could be so evil, he's a nice guy and the power you're talking about, it just seems, odd. He's always messing up." "We both have seen what he can do from time to time. He's the sixth son, of course there is some issues. The only one younger then him is Ginny." He looked away a moment. "Umm, ...he has more power, when taped. He just doesn't know it." "Okay, this is a lot for one day. Harry, please stay here with me for while. Your old room is ready to go, Quiggly saw to that. You do have a house, I couldn't bring myself to get rid of it, I rented it out to a very nice family, but honestly, if your willing I'd love to have more time with you." Harry smiled. "I'd love that. I don't think I'm ready to knock around a house by myself without my family." He stopped. Regretting those last words. "You had a family?" Hermione said, touching his hand. "Who? Kids?" "I would rather not talk about it, there gone now." Harry sated, removing his hand. Hermione looked down, she didn't mean to pry, she wasn't thinking. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean-" "It's been a long day. Why don't I show you up to your room, Hermione can come by early tomorrow and have breakfast then perhapes we'll all go down to Diagon Alley and check out some of the stores. One thing you won't have to worry about Harry is money. Do you even still have your wand?" Sirius asked. "Here Sir. Harry. You left this at your home, I made sure to hang onto it for you." Quiggly said, handing Harry his wand, his very wand from the other time-line. He knew this to be true. Quiggly disappeared, doing whatever it was he was doing. "He is an odd fellow, but a great one." Sirius sated, he didn't notice Harry's quiet reaction to his wand. "Well, tomorrow then, Hermione?" "Yes." With that, she gave Harry one last hug and bid Sirius a good night and using the floo, headed home. Sirius took Harry upstairs to his old bedroom, which was rather big, and very welcoming. After a little reunion with a very excited Hedwig, Sirius stopped before shutting the door and leaving Harry to get some sleep. "Harry, I'm here if you need a ear to bend...about anything." Sirius spoke quietly, but encouragingly. Harry was about to say thank you and let him leave, but stopped. The pain inside was hard to hold alone and Harry found himself nodding. Sirius closed Harry door and sat at his desk, while Harry slowly told Sirius about his lost family and what fully happened the night Ron knocked on his door. Q Q Q Hermione met Sirius and Harry back at Grimauld Place, where after a nice breakfast, they headed to Diagon Alley. It was a rather busy Saturday, the shops were beaming with people, surprisingly Harry didn't have a bunch of people gawking, most that bumped into him said, "Welcome back", or "So nice to see you", or Harry's favorite, "I knew it! What was it like in the underground?". But before Harry could say or answer anything Sirius or Hermione, sometimes both, played interference and they were quickly back on their way. "So, what was everyone told?" Harry finally asked as they continued down the street. "Well, you have been through more then one scrap and lived, and in your last year, or I should say, the other 'Harry's' last year of life, he took off for a bit. So, even though we had a funeral, most of the wizarding world kinda took that as a code. Plus, the story that you were in the witness protection is what ran in the post this morning." Sirius informed Harry. "I see. How-" "Dumbledore." Hermione chimed in. "He thought it best." Harry just nodded. As they rounded a corner, a man with wild red hair which poked out from under a black hat, backed into Harry. The man, exiting the store apologizing for this or that, was then turning to start a whole new row of apologizing when, his eyes got wide. "Harr-" Was all he got out before Harry's fist landed square between the man's eyes. Q Q Q (End of Chapter One. Hope you enjoy this. This is my first Fan-Fiction I have written. Although I'm going to try and be quicker then 6 months to get stuff up, more like 3, believe me, it may take a bit. But I will keep them coming! I would love to hear Comments, even if you have an idea or two of how things could be changed. Hopefully, you'll find something you like and look forward to more chapters. I will admit, it's always nice to hear! Till next time, Cheerio.)