remembered his brush with death. For a few moments, Tom really had been dead. His worst fear in the whole world. "You really are off; I'm not one of Dumbledore's favorite students. He wouldn't care if I died, he'd probably celebrate. You've been a complete fool, making an enemy of me. Even if I can't hurt you yet," Tom's eyes narrowed. Harry rolled his eyes. This one truly was full of himself. But Tom had unwittingly answered his question anyway. "I take it you have no idea why that is." Tom looked stung at not knowing something and having to admit it. "No. But I know you can't hurt me either." Then a note of glee came into his voice. "That wasn't a half baked killing curse, was it? It was a full one. You just can't kill me." Harry raised an eyebrow. "You can't kill me either. Guess we're even." Actually, Harry had a new plan. It would be painful, but he could kill the both of them. Remove the tether. Tom was on his guard now, but the boy had to sleep sometime, and he'd probably drop his guard completely if he thought Harry couldn't hurt him. Or perhaps he should just get it over with now; his guard already seemed lower, the boy preoccupied with his greatest weakness: gloating. Before he could carry out his second murder plan and a suicide, though, the door banged. "Tom! You've dallied enough! Take your friend and leave!" Tom sighed. "I'm going!" He picked up his bags, and leveled an uneasy stare at Harry. "I don't know what to do with you. This condition perplexes me. I've never met you before in my life, there is no reason for the two of us to have a magical bond. The only easy conclusion is that you really did bungle the curse somehow." He seemed to decide something. "I can't stand to have any sort of weakness, if whatever pains you pains me as well. You'll have to come with me." Harry blinked with surprise. "Oh, er," that sure made things easier than having to stalk him, didn't it? "if you want. I don't actually have a place to stay." He did have some emergency cash and rations, so he could rent a place temporarily. "Doesn't matter, neither do I," Riddle said briskly, making up his mind. "Come on." And then, with sheerest brazen arrogance, he turned his back on his own enemy and walked right out the door. And Harry thought he was the Gryffindor here! Shaking his head, Harry found himself following, trying to ignore the horrible numbness that still coursed through his body, and the lingering pain from the ripping away of his old soul. A loud noise and vibration wracked the foundations before they even made it outside. Outside, straight into war torn London with no shelter as bombs rained on their head. . . Whelp, I could end it right there, I suppose. You could day dream what happens from there, after all, and it makes a nice one-shot. As you can guess, a sociopath Riddle doesn't give a fuck about anyone's pain... unless he's forced to feel it himself, the exact moment he does it, and not just as a punishment either. I figure that's probably one of the only ways to actually make him learn. Even then, he'll be constantly looking for a way to get around it, which isn't true empathy at all. It'll be a slow process at best. History : It's true that there was a time when there were no child labor laws and children could be thrown out of orphanages once they were deemed old enough to work in the factories. I seem to recall FDR put an end to it eventually, but I don't remember when. In any case, I play fast and loose with the timeline for the sake of a more interesting story. Don't expect perfect canon from me, when J.K.R contradicted herself all the time anyway. On Shipping : I've tried to keep both Harry and Tom in character, with Harry being a bit negatively influenced from soul suckage / a touch darker from the war, and as such, don't expect them to start kissing one chapter in, just because Harry 'intrigues' Tom or some cliche bullshit like that, if I continue at all. Seriously. I hate poorly done romance plots anyway, and, no offense, but nearly every single 'Tom lurves Harry because he finds him so specialz' is junkfic. They can meander for chapters with no plot whatsoever beyond way too over the top sexual tension and bickering, where the character makes all the Slytherins go googoo eyes over them, except for one or two designated bad Slytherins who Tom inevitably tortures at which the protagonist shrugs off because love torture and ethics, am I right. I'm not against slash, I don't even like het either when it's bad enough. Also, when you make it romance off the bat you give away that they're going to reconcile at the end, instead of keeping up the suspense that Harry/other Time Traveler might have to murder Riddle anyway. Someone may complain about Harry using unforgivables, but that's actually in character for him in the books; when stressed enough, he'll act really viciously to his enemies without much remorse. There was serious 'it is ok if the good guys do it' syndrome in book 7. Although it's been like a decade since I've read it (it is my least favorite in the series), so don't expect, again, perfect canon. This is something a good fic should probably confront, the moral failings of the protagonist. Tom's empathy sucks in this... but so does Harry's right now. I don't really remember all of Tom's year-mates; if someone could write a review with a few of their names that'd be really helpful. I've read so many fanfics I don't know which names are official and which are fanon at this point. .