More chocolate cake!" Ava said happily before pouting when the other two instantly shook their heads no. "That was a good wish too" commented Ron making Harry and Neville laugh and Hermione and Ginny roll their eyes. His brothers shook their heads while Remus silently agreed with him, slightly awed by the sheer size of the baked chocolatey goodness. " No, no" Celia cut them off putting her hands behind her back and sending them an innocent expression. "I was thinking it had more to do with that Harry Potter series you all love so much." " What do you mean?" Danny asked. " Well" Celia leaned in. "You know the story didn't go how it was supposed to". " You can say that again" Ava folded her arms still upset with certain details of the book. " Well I just found out some very interesting news about it" Celia spoke as if they were discussing a conspiracy. " What is it?" Eva asked excitedly as the three girls leaned in. " Ah, I'll tell you after you make your wishes". " Aunty, what-". " Wishes first, and remember what I said. Ava, you're the first born" Eva groaned here as Ava sniggered. "You go first." " Ok" she took a deep breath a bit her lip in thought before smiling and closing her eyes. " Oh, and say them out loud" Celia said. The girls were about to remind her that you weren't supposed to tell wishes but her expression stopped them. " I wish" Ava said closing her eyes again. "That I could save Remus and Sirius and make them happy". None of the girls noticed Celia begin to smile and slowly move her hands. " I wish" said Eva after Ava blew the first candle out. "That I could help Severus move on". Ava rolled her eyes but didn't comment as Danny giggled. Celia's smile widened. " I wish" Daniela giggled before closing her eyes. "That I could show Luna that she would never have to be alone or brushed off again." Luna looked at Danny in amazement that she would use her wish on her. " Now the twins" Celia said. " I wish we were able to help. That we were able to fix things, the wrongs done that cost so many lives and pain. Oh, and protect Neville because he's a sweet little bean who needs love and support!" the twins said quickly hoping that still counted as one wish. Neville's mouth dropped before Ginny closed it for him. He was so stunned that someone thought of him that he couldn't even remember to be embarrassed and blush. " It counts" Celia laughed and the twins exaggeratedly wiped their brows. "Last one". The girls whispered together before coming to an apparent agreement and faced the last candle with closed eyes. " We wish" Danny spoke for them all. "That we could help Harry Potter, take some burden off of him and show him what having a loving family is really about." Harry looked down to try to gain control over his emotions once more. The girls looked at Celia. "This is it!" Daniela yelled suddenly rubbing her forehead. "I remember". " Now, I found out that there were three very essential things missing from the real story of Harry Potter." Celia said waving her hands around making Danny and the twins look on in confusion. " How things were supposed to go in their world before something went amiss, these things will put everything back on track. It will save so many, but you must remember to follow your heart, even in the darkest of times." " Aunty, what are you doing?" " What are these three things" Eva asked and Ava nodded. Celia smiled and pulled the girls into a hug before pushing them. Instead of hitting the floor like they thought, they started falling through blackness. "Down the rabbit hole" Danny whispered. " The things that were missing" Celia's voice ran out over the girls screams and shouts. The blackness was closing in now. "Is you." Suddenly the wall showed the twins hanging in midair in a rundown room that some of them recognized as the Shrieking Shack. Eva was kicking her legs in the air while Ava appeared stuck upside down. " What the bloody hell!" came the recognizable voice of Ron. "I can't get down!" Eva yelled. "Mine's broken" Ava whined before they noticed the other people. There, standing in front of the girls was Sirius, Remus, Harry, Hermione, Ron, and a changing Peter Pettigrew. " Wha-" Eva trailed off in shock. Ava finally turned and locked eyes with Remus and then Sirius making all of their breaths catch. " Whoa" they all whispered. " Ava…" Eva whispered as what they were seeing finally clicked in their heads. Ava's eyes matched her sister's in almost popping out of her head. " Holy fuck!" A/N: What do you guys think? Good start? I haven't seen it done before so I hope you like it. This is rated M for a reason and I'll put pairings at the top of the next chapter. Next chapter has them following the twins, who of course majorly rock the boat. I have many fun plans in mind, including an intense introduction to Lucius Malfoy. We also see what Harry and the select few talk with the twins before they left to do who know. Trust me, I really think you'll like the next chapter. I'm excited for it! (As you can tell). I may mention The Cursed Child once or twice, but it will probably only be in passing since this is about the end of book three and then I change a lot as I go through the rest. Plus, I know nothing of the new book and play, so it will only be mentioned like once, if at all. Ask, suggest, and/or review if you'd like. Until next time, have a great day.