makes me sound like the bubbly naive girl the mayors daughter is supposed to be. The woman just gives me an annoyed jerky nod telling me to find my section before she calls for the next person in line. The further I get the tighter it gets and the harder it is to move through the crowd of people until I come to stop in the sixteen year old girl section. "Hey Madge" Delilah Cartwright aka Delly calls as she gently and meekly makes her way through the tight crowd until she is standing next to me quietly. Delly is the daughter of the only shoe maker in our district, so like me she doesn't have too may friends and I instantly feel guilt bubbling up inside as I think about how I didn't count her as my friend when I thought about the very few friends I have. Its kind of sad to think I'm such a loser, I mean you'd think at least some of the town kids would want to be my friend with the mayors daughter since I'm one of them in many ways but no. the only people who actually are friendly with me are Peeta, Katniss, Rye, Bannock, Delly, Darius, and our drunk victor Haymitch Abernathy who happens to be my godfather so maybe he doesn't count. But if he doesn't count then neither does Darius or Delly since I'm pretty sure they only talk to me let alone hang out with me on very slim occasions like when I'm shopping in town, because they feel bad for me and maybe so does Katniss. "Hi Delly" I grin, not wanting to spend too much time thinking about my awful life because then I start feeling guilty and ridiculous about all the people who have it a hundred times worse than I do. "How have you been doing?" I ask acting like we're in one of the shops buying things instead of waiting here like cattle, patiently waiting to see who's being sent off to be slaughtered. I watch as Delly turns towards me more beamingly before she jumps into a lengthy story about how she's secretly dating a seam boy named Thom and that her parents would kill her if they knew. I play my part to a tee smiling, squealing with delight, and swooning right when I'm supposed to. I frown realizing how easy it is to act like the perfect mayors daughter, that I don't have to pay any attention to the thing around me any longer. Just as Delly starts gushing over the date Thom took her on last night Katniss walks up to my side and offers up a sympathetic smile that I return genuinely. Katniss and Delly trade hellos as I watch my father along with our district escort Effie Trinket, and my drunk godfather Haymitch Abernathy make their way out onto the stage. Haymitch stumbles over to an empty seat as Effie looks on at him with disgust as she takes the seat furthest from him as my father starts off the reaping just like every year. I could probably recite his speech asleep from the age of ten and I guess that's good since I'm either gong to be the next mayor or my future husband will be. My eyes fall then lock on my shoes, taking in the fine stitching that Mr. Cartwright has done as I tune out the noise around me until I hear the one noise I haven't been able to tune out for the last sixteen years, Effie Trinket, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" her overly cheery voice rings out around us as we all watch her, silently praying our names won't be called but knowing two of them will, but which two? Effie's pink wig shifts slightly as she walks over to the large reaping bowls, one for the boys and one for the girls. "Ladies first!" her shrill voice states as she dips her hand into the large bowl, that contains everyone girl from the age of twelve to eighteen names in it from our district. My name is in that bowl five times and maybe its not as much as Katniss or Gale but it is still a lot. "My aunt only had five when she was chosen" I think, feeling an uncomfortable knot form in my stomach "your not her" I think. Everything happens so fast that I'm pretty sure its in slow-motion. First thing being that Effie has finally pulled some unlucky girls name form the bow, second being that every one around me steps back and stares at me like I'm even more of a leaper than they normally do, and thirdly the name she calls out is mine. "Margaret Undersee" Effie repeats as I stand stalk still thinking I might have misheard her but the look on Katniss and Delly's face tell me other wise, so immediately I turn into the small scared little girl that every woman has secretly hiding inside of them and look to my father hoping somehow he can save me but the pure heart wrenching sadness and fear I see in his wide eyes tells me otherwise. "Come on my dear no need to be shy" Effie's sickly too sweet voice croons as she gives me a bright smile and I realize how I'm making myself look, I look weak. I quickly plaster a sheepish smile on my face then at a moderate pace that I usually walk at, make my way up to the stage. Every step I take closer to the stage feels like another and another nail in my coffin, "I wonder if they'll tell my mother that I'm dead or just act like I never exsisted like they try to do with my aunt" I can't help but think as I come to stand before my district, feeling every bit the small scared girl everyone here thinks I am.