Peeta collapsed. The ground was sticky and slushing around, dipping about half his body in the liquid. Turning his head to the side, Peeta saw a figure in the darkness. He desperately tried to make it out, but his gaze couldn't penetrate the darkness. Suddenly the darkness faded and Peeta found Marvel, Cato from 2, Triton from 4, and Thresh from 11 standing in a clearing; bloody weapons in hand. They were laughing as three girls came running over to join them. Glimmer from 1, Clove from 2, and Algae from 4. Around the clearing, around Peeta, were the bodies of all the other tributes. They were mangled and beaten with holes and wounds cut into their flesh. Blood was flooding from them and various body parts, limbs and organs mostly, were scattered mercilessly around the clearing. The group was walking toward him. Weapons were raised as they began stabbing and hacking him apart. Peeta felt warm sticky blood pool in his mouth and a sword descended on his neck… Sweat coated Peeta's skin as he shot up. He gasped for breath as he glanced around the room anxiously. It was just a dream, he told himself. "Just a dream." He pushed himself out of bed, wrestling with the tangled blankets to escape. Finally standing, Peeta wobbled under his own weight before managing to steady himself. Walking into the bathroom, Peeta thought over his dream: there was darkness, Marvel, a wound, the Careers killing everyone. How could he have been so stupid going to Marvel? It had obviously been a trap! Splashing water on his face, Peeta noticed his hair was disheveled and his eyes hauntingly wide. The dark shirt clung awkwardly to his skin, and he felt as if he were still bleeding to death. For Peeta, the dream was worse than the reaping because it showed his future with haunting accuracy. Almost every year, certainly the last two, the victor was from a wealthy district. In those districts—1, 2, and 4—it was such an honor to win the Hunger Games that most children train their whole lives to compete. The Careers, as they're called, always ally with one another and hunt down the other tributes before taking each other out. Plus, with their experience and training they always take control of the Cornucopia and its treasure trove of supplies at the start of the Games. It was six-thirty so Peeta shrugged out of his sweaty clothes and stepped back into the shower. Cautious of the various settings, Peeta set the temperature, speed, and smells critically to avoid another debacle. He let out a relieved sigh as the warm water cascaded over his coiled muscles. Steam filled the space as Peeta continued to go over his dream. How could he win with the Careers hunting him down? They would have the supplies, skills, and energy that he simply wouldn't. He could hide all he liked, but they would never stop looking. Unless… Pressing the stop and auto-dry buttons, Peeta rushed out of the shower and into his room. He hastily changed into tight pants and an equally tight shirt that was laid out on his dresser, and rushed out of the room. The train was cool, but no one was up yet. At the end of the hall, Peeta banged on the proper door. For a few moments, nothing happened. And then the door banged open and Haymitch glared groggily at him. "What do you want?" he snarled, rubbing his head. "It's not even seven!" His attitude did nothing to Peeta's urgency. "I know it's early, but I need to talk to you." Despite some choice words about Peeta's timing, Haymitch agreed to talk to him. He took a deep breath. "I need you to help me join the Careers," he said plaintively. Of all he might have said, Haymitch certainly didn't expect that. His eyes widened and he said "What?" "The Careers," Peeta repeated. "I need to join them. It's the only way for me to win." "Where did you get such a crazy idea?" Haymitch asked. "Last night," Peeta told him. "I dreamed about the Games. I realized that I'll need food and supplies that I can only get at the Cornucopia. But for that to happen, I'll need to be off the Careers' radar. If I'm their ally, they'll let me get supplies. When numbers go down, I'll take them out when they sleep or something. But they are the only chance I have of surviving." All was quiet for a moment as Peeta waited tensely for Haymitch to respond. The older man considered his words for a moment before shaking his head. "How will you know when to kill them?" Peeta shrugged. "When taking them out will bring us down to the final five, maybe. Look, we'll work out the details as we go along, but I'll still need your help with this." Haymitch scoffed. "This is crazy." "But you'll help me?" "I didn't say that." "But you will, right?" Peeta tried another approach. "You said sponsors were the most important thing a tribute could have, right?" Haymitch nodded so he continued. "If I take out the Careers, sponsors will be lining up to give me money." Haymitch nodded at his words, leaning against the doorframe to consider. "It could work," he agreed. He looked at Peeta warily. "But you'll have to get their respect. Not just in training, but in the arena, too. You'll have to kill." Could he kill? Peeta couldn't imagine it. To take someone else's life or die himself. Gulping, he nodded. "That's the whole point of this thing, right?" He tried to sound sure. "I'll do what I have too." "Then let's prepare. So what does everybody think? Just a note, I actually do have the reaping and goodbyes, but They'll spoil something that's going to be revealed later on. So, I'll post that as a special addition when I get past the surprise. I guess that's it for now.