your bed. "If you leave me, I have no one. And I know the way you look at me, Haymitch, the way you have always—" Pause. Inhale. Exhale. You shift in your pseudo-unconscious state. "Don't leave me, please. Please stay." She kisses your cheek and you can feel tear tracks across her face. Either way, you know that if you move, you will do something both of you will regret, something that will make her the one to leave. You are not who she wants. You are merely who she has. Soon enough, you won't even be that, because Peeta will be back and (hopefully) not trying to wrap his fingers around her throat, not trying to kill her. Plutarch called you the other day from the Capitol for a head's up. Said he wanted you to hear it first from him, as if someone had fucking died or something. You hung up. She cups your face one more time before standing up, sighing, and striding back out of room. The floorboards creak in her wake. . The longest word in the English language with all its letters in alphabetical order is "almost." You have never been one for organization. Organization is a righteous bitch. . When she looks out the window one day and sees Peeta planting primroses outside her Victor's house, the first thing she does is turn to you. "Looks like you got your little boyfriend back, sweetheart," you say, grinning like mad because you are happy the boy is doing okay. Because this is the way it's supposed to be. She bites her bottom lip, and suddenly you wonder what it would be like to take it between your teeth. To kiss her properly, roughly, like she deserves, like she means something. Your smile falters. Jesus Christ, Katniss. "Do you think he's…okay?" You don't want to tell her that you knew he was coming, that you knew and didn't tell her, so you just shrug. "He got here, didn't he? Sweetheart, I'm sure he's fine. Looks as good as ever." With this, she looks a little more sure. "Should I go see him?" She asks, and you cross your arms so she won't see each of your ribs breaking in half, one by one, as she crawls out of your chest. "I'll watch from the porch, just to be safe." All of a sudden, she pulls you into a hug. Flings her arms around your neck, presses her face to the corner of your neck and shoulder. "Thank you, Haymitch," she breathes. "For everything." You want to tell her that she can come over anytime, that his door is always open to her, but she already knows it. She knows a lot more than you give her credit for most of the time. And still she thanks you. Saying anything more, you decide, will take much effort. So you cough. Lead her through the door. She turns around once, holds your gaze once, before waking hesitantly towards him. You don't look at either of them when you hear her shuffle through the dirt towards the boy, probably crying. Instead, you focus on a flock of geese that have somehow decided the little pond in your backyard would be a good place to live. She moves out a week later with the promise that nothing will change. And you know she's barely a hundred meters away, a two-minute walk, but everything has changed. Nothing will ever be the same. . Drinking is like that time you were sixteen, before the Reaping, that time you tied your hair up with a rubber band to get it off the back of your neck. The elastic pulled on your scalp, but it was an itching pain, not a sharp one, not the same pain that comes with a knife to the gut. Not the same one that comes with watching her walk away. . The highest point on earth is not the tallest mountain. It surpasses the tallest mountain by one and a half miles because it sits on a higher bulge in the earth. It is not the highest above sea level. It is the closest to the stars. The top of this point is ice-capped. The entire mass is a volcano, inactive for over fourteen hundred years. You do not imagine it will erupt anytime soon. You wonder what it would feel like to be up there. If you reached out your hands, would you be able to burn your fingertips on the sun? Cradle the face of the man in the moon? What would it be like to be at such a point of magnitude? How small would it make you feel? You pack a bag, reach the summit on May 8. Nature bends over backwards for you. When the ice melts, the sky empties and leaves you with endless blue, endless gardens and greenery and wildlife. The elevation no longer makes your ears pop—you do not feel bubbles in your lungs, throat, aches in the deepest parts of your chest and bones, but you are still at the top of a slippery slope, this mountain is still your bottle turned upside down, the last drop poured out, and you are still standing at the top, it is still a steep climb to get down. You left your rope at home. You cannot rappel down. No one pulled you up here; you climbed. As you're sliding down, knees bent in an effort to keep your balance, you can hear the mutts in the distance, their echoes bouncing off the side of the mountain. Off the ice you keep slipping on. I came back to you. I came back to you. I came back to you. . Oh my god that was… the most intense writing I have ever done. I honestly don't remember the last time I rambled for that long. Thanks for sticking with me. If you have some advice or whatever, drop me a line!