what it's like to have a family of your own. Your brother gave me grandchildren, but it would be different if—" "I can't." Effie lowers her gaze and frowns. "Forgive me. I don't mean to be rude by interrupting you, but—" She inhales deeply, meeting her mother's gaze, her guard down for the second it takes to repeat her confession. "I can't. Again Mitrodora nods. The simple gesture renders her older than she looks, doing away, for just a moment, with what cosmetic surgery and make-up have sought to hide for years now. In only one year since the rebirth of their nation, time has taken a heavy toll on them all. "I am trying to understand," Mitrodora admits. "It's difficult, mind you. There is so much to process. But I am trying very hard because I think you have been made to endure enough." Effie bites the insides of her cheeks as she nods, counting through a breath. "But please also understand that we miss you very much," her mother continues, a hint of desperation making her voice tremble before she quietly clears her throat. "I know." "Please consider a visit now and again, for a day or two." "I will." "Don't feel obligated, but please consider it." Nodding, Effie repeats, "I will." The promise binds her spirit, and she will never be able to undo it. Haymitch is waiting for her in the kitchen, a mug set out for her on the table, next to a glass with his choice of liquor for the day. When she sees him, she stops by the table, and when it becomes clear that she does not intend to move, he stands and goes to her. Wordlessly, Effie slides her arms about his waist and rests her head on his chest. In response, he holds her close, gentle despite the tension in his frame. They are used to this now, these silent exchanges that promise safety and comfort, banishing one another's ghosts even if only for a while. "That bad?" he asks after some time. She tightens her hold on his shirt. It's too soon, and she has not yet processed her thoughts well enough to form words. Shifting, she lifts a hand to her head and says, "Help me take this off." By now he is as fast as she is at this, his nimble fingers finding and removing pins and wig and cap with care. She sets the wig on the table, adjusting the dahlia in its pale pink curls as Haymitch smoothes her hair into place. Breathing shakily, she glances at the table and sees the glass and the mug as if for the first time since arriving. "You made me tea," she says, meeting his gaze. "Have to boil the water, actually," he clarifies, "but I started to. Didn't know when you'd be back, but I figured you might want some when you did." She nods, manages a small smile. "You are absolutely right." As he goes to turn on the stove, Effie sits and stares at the liquor in his glass. Just a sip might help her get words out, even if they are a mess. The conversation with her mother is fresh in her mind, the words clear, the impressions heavy. She sees her mother's outfit when she closes her eyes, the oranges and yellows too bright, an artificial autumn that Effie would once have found delightful. Still, compared to how they had both dressed little over a year ago, Mitrodora had chosen subtlety over expression, and beside her, Effie had been dull and boring save, perhaps, for her wig. As the water starts to boil, she runs her fingers through her hair, relishing the feel of it and how it has grown in the past year. It isn't beautiful, despite what Haymitch may say to her, but it's hers, and she wouldn't trade it for even half the comforts of her old life. Haymitch pours boiling water into Effie's mug, sets the pot in the sink to cool, and takes his seat again. He picks up his glass and drinks. Effie watches him through the steam rising from her mug. "She wants me to go back with her." He snorts, arching his eyebrows as he sets his glass down and reaches for the bottle at the center of the table. For a moment, she thinks he's going to drink right from it, but all he does is fill his glass almost to the brim. "Some request," he says and takes a drink. She nods, pressing her lips together as she clasps her hands tight in front of her. The only sounds in the room for those few, long seconds are the ice in his glass and the glass on the table when he sets it down again. Her heartbeat pounds in her ears, but she doesn't count it – surely he can't hear that. She takes her mug, the ceramic hot against her skin, and sips, burning her tongue. She winces, feels his gaze on her, but does not put the mug down. "What did you say to her?" he asks. "That I would consider it." "Really," he scoffs. "That's not something to say so lightly." "No." She blows into her mug, sipping more slowly this time. The tea is still very hot, but she suffers no additional burns. He holds up his glass, staring at it as if admiring precious stones. Finally, he asks, "So what will you do?" Inhaling deeply, she sets down her mug. It is the question she has asked herself since her mother had brought up returning in the square, the one that had rendered her speechless upon seeing Haymitch sitting here waiting for her, ready to listen to the story of how many horrors this simple visit brought up against her will. She cannot dawdle any longer. Meeting his gaze, she gathers her thoughts together and listens to the silence they leave in their wake. "I'm going to go."