Capitol waits for no one." "Do you even hear yourself?" Once again, he scoffs, which sends ringlets of anger up my spine. "I don't need to, I'm a victor." It takes everything in me not to have repeat of my last outburst. Instead, I turn to my words. "Some victor. You are just a pathetic boy." "Remember, Mavie-boy, as your mentor, I am the one in charge of divvying up the sponsorship money that you two are bound to rake in. I doubt the girl is going to make it very far, so if you want me to put my money on the victor of the 7th games, then you better bite your tough around me. Got it?" "Fuck you, Dazzle. I knew you before you became a victor, ok? You used to play dollies because Am made you!" His face dropped. "How is Amie?" "You aren't allowed to ask me that." Without saying a word, he walks out of the room with his proverbial tail between his legs. Once again, the same Peacekeeper I hit barges in and grips me up by the arm and tosses me into the hallway, where Arielle is also waiting. We make eye contact for just a moment and I notice the tears she had most likely tried to hide away. "Are you going to be alright?" She nodded, but said nothing. "Well then, off to the Capitol!" Even if she's supposed to be my competition, I'm not a complete bastard and still care. I mean, we are both District 1, even if we come from completely different sides of the luxurious coin. She is the only connection I have to home and I can't turn my back on that, even if there can only be one winner. If there is one thing being a poor miner's kid has taught me, it's loyalty. Even if it's blind. Surrounded by Peacekeeper, we are whisked away to a car that quickly takes us to the train. Once there, the general circus of The Games truly begins, as cameras flash at us and questions are thrown our way. I ignore the ones directed towards me, which are generally, "Do you know the boy you volunteered for?" Meanwhile, most of them are begging with Arielle to explain why she looks different than the rest of the cookie-cutter girls in One. Why can't they just leave us alone and gather our thoughts; I mean, it's not like we didn't just make a dission that will most likely end our lives. My jaw dropped when I saw the inside of the train; it's like nothing I've ever seen before in my life, which is sad, given my district. Next to me, Arielle seems just as in awe of it all, which is to be expected. However, I doubt that she has never known hunger or been without some form of hedonism, while the closet I've gotten was the stones in the mines that I'm only allowed to collect for others. Well, that's not completely true. My hand went instinctively to my pants pocket, were a tiny ruby resides. Actually, it's not even a full ruby, just part of one that chipped off when my pickax connected with it. Before anyone but Franco could see, I placed it in my shoe and planned on using it in an engagement ring for Amber, when the time was right. Since the day I found it, it has never left my pocket and today is no exception. At least I'll have a piece of her with me when I am fighting for our future together. "Go in, go in children!" Serendipity's voice is almost shrill. "See all the Capitol has to offer you before you even arrive." There is a large dinning table, obviously made of pure mahogany. Spread across it, much to my mouth-watering delight, is a feast fit for a king. Or, two tributes on our way to our possible death. Velvet adorns the walls and floors and another leather couch, this one twice the size of one in the Goodbye Room, faces a giant TV that stares blankly at me. Instead of taking the rest of the...beauty, I guess you could say, my focus became the meal in front of me. I've never seen so much food in one place. Serendipity must have noticed the drool running down my chin. "Go on, children. Go on. Eat and be merry. Mr. Spinel's car should be pulling up any second and then we shall be off." Is it bad that I hoped it would crash before it reached the train? "Now, you two aren't the ones I hand-picked from the Academy." Damn, so much for wishful thinking. "Ariella...the bastard daughter of Ten and One. So much promise I see in you, so much hope. You managed to beat the girl that I hand-picked to win this thing, but no matter. You shall be good for sponsors, which will help you in the long run." And then he turns to me. "And Mr. Volunteer himself. While it might please you to know that the rival for your girlfriend's heart isn't able to compete in these games and chance returning home to her after she ditches you for someone who deserves her-" He doesn't have a chance to finish that sentence, as my fist connects with his face. "You bastard! You dead-beat son of a bitch!" Ariella watches in horror as I lunge for him again, sending Serendipity into hysterics. "You aren't a god, you are a coward! A child that walked away from a little boy that needs you and a girl that's only mistake was thinking she could fix a broken-down piece of shit like you!" Before I know it, Ariella is grabbing me by the arm and yanking me off of Dazzle. "He's not worth it, Geo." "Screw this!" I slam my body down on the couch and put my head in my hands. What the hell did I get myself into?