pregnant, so she says. Why not marry her now?" My father looks us dead in the eyes with a hard expression. My mother hits him. "Triton!" I put my head in my hands, and rest my elbows on the table. Why me? Zach blushes lightly and looks down. "Well...I mean...I don't exactly have a ring for her yet...and I want the proposal to be special." He smiles a bit as he looks away. There's something in his eyes. Is that...passion? My father looks at me for the first time since I got back from the Games. "You are a disgrace. You don't even tell us you had sex. Then you lie to us about the father of your child. Do you think we're stupid?" I fight back tears as I take my elbows off of the table. "No, Daddy, I—" "Who do you think you are?! You may have survived that Game...but you are dead to me," he sneers. My heart breaks. He quickly gets up, and knocks his chair down in the process. He storms to his and my mother's room. We all hear the door slam. The noise makes me jump. I start to cry uncontrollably. I get up and sulk to my room. I didn't even eat anything, but I feel like throwing up. I lay in my bed, still crying hard, when I hear my door open softly. I don't know who it is, and I don't care. I roll to lie on my side, so that my back is facing the door. The person that entered my room closes the door softly, and crawls in with me and puts their strong arms around me. I realize it's Zach when I feel soft, warm lips press against my neck. I can't stop crying. My body shakes from the impact of my father telling me I'm a disgrace. He takes one of my hands in his and moves it down to my stomach, and rubs my stomach gently. "My Bonnie lies over the ocean, my Bonnie lies over the sea. My Bonnie lies over the ocean, O bring back my Bonnie to me," Zach sings. I smile as his voice soothes me. He kisses my head, and continues to kiss my neck softly. I let out soft moans. Suddenly, I feel his breath on my ear. It arouses me strangely. "I love you, Aqua," he whispers, still rubbing my stomach gently and slowly. "I...I love you...too, Zach," I whisper back. Even if I hesitated, he seems happy. That makes perfect sense: I haven't told him I love him at all. I want every night to end like this, with Zach holding me. I imagine the rest of my days until this baby is born are going to be like today, minus the Victory Tour, add more of Dad ignoring me. Three months later, at eleven at night, I wake up to an intense pain in my abdomen. I bolt up to a sitting position and let out a scream. Zach nearly falls out of the bed, startled. "Aqua, are you—?" He gets a good look at my face, and instantly gets out of bed. "Breathe! Just breathe, everything's going to be all right!" He runs to my parents' room and informs them of what's going on. "Oh, Aqua!" my mom exclaims as she comes into my room. Zachary carries me carefully down the stairs. He sets me in a wheelchair, and my parents (of course, Dad only came because Mom made him) escort me to the hospital. This is worse than when Dominic broke my arm. As I'm admitted to the hospital, I start crying. I'm squeezing Zach's hand, cutting the circulation off. I'm surprised he hasn't lost it yet. By the look on his face, he is too. It's another painful hour before they can get me into the delivery room. I ask for my epidural right before. They lay me on the bed, and I put my feet in the stirrups. I shouldn't feel awkward about people seeing my feminine parts, but I still am. The pain is still excruciating as the contractions get worse. I scream. "Excuse me, you can't be in here!" a nurse yells at Zachary. He turns on her, glaring. "I'm the father, of course I'm allowed here." Then he quickly moves to take my hand. I squeeze his hand, once again cutting his circulation. "Push! Push and breathe!" my doctor tells me. I scream each time I push, and at each contraction. I can feel my feminine parts being stretched as the baby starts to come out. "I can see its head!" "It fucking hurts so much!" Zach kisses my head. "Just keep pushing!" the doctor says. After grueling hours I let out a scream, and the life that has been growing inside me appears, crying and bloody. The doctor cuts the umbilical cord, and I hold my child. No—not just my child. His, as well. When the baby girl holds my finger tightly, she quiets, and I can see Gleam's eyes look at me. I start to cry from happiness. "What are you going to name her?" my mother asks. I look at her with a wide, exhausted smile. Zachary kisses my cheek. I look to him, to see if he wants any say. "You pick a name, sweetheart." He smiles at me. "Coral." "Coral Rio," the doctor repeats. "It has a nice ring to it." I smile at my baby girl. She's so beautiful. I can't believe I'm holding her in my arms, it's like a dream. ... They have to give her her shots, and keep her here for a while before I can bring her home. I lie back and close my eyes. Gleam…did you see her? She's beautiful, isn't she? I think to myself, pretending he can hear me. I feel soft lips on my cheek and know it's Zachary. "I love you," he whispers. "I love you too," I whisper back, with no hesitation.