trickle of fear in the back of his mind from something that he couldn't recall… Something only sleep ever revealed to him, he notices someone else awake. At first, he can barely hear it over the pulsing of his blood, pounding in his ears. A dim light shines in the hallway, and out of curiosity, he goes to check it out. The source of the light was the bathroom, and the noises that came from there sounded like someone gagging. He was worried. With brows furrowed, he knocks, but the door pushes open. Mia kneels curled up to the toilet, sweat plastering her hair to her flushed face, tears in her eyes. She looks at him, but only for a moment before she goes back to hacking. His heart twists painfully for her. I love her. He can't help but think that, even in this moment. Sobs rack her body, and she looks so weak. He had to help her. He goes to get a damp washcloth, crouching beside her as he pushes her curls behind her ears. He wipes her forehead with the cloth, and he can tell by how her breathing slows and her eyes shut that it's calming her. He feels better. After a short while, she's ready to go back to bed. She tries getting up on her own, but he wouldn't let her. He scoops her into his arms, and his action makes his heart leap. They were so close. He was holding her. She makes herself at home, though, her face nestling in the crook of his neck. He doesn't stop her. Isaac liked Mia here. She was safe in his arms, he wouldn't let anything hurt her; not even some stomach bug. He liked the way her body curled comfortably against him as he carried her back to the bed, and how she looked when she was sleepy. He lays her on the bed, thinking she was too far gone with sleep to notice as he left, but she wasn't. Just as he approaches the door, he hears her hoarse voice, "Are you leaving?" He was leaving, but… the way she asked him. He wanted to stay. He nods, turning to face her. She looks at him with eyelids droopy, and she's curled beneath a blanket on her side. He walks back to the bed. "Lay with me…" She murmurs, and she reaches for him as he kneels beside her bed— their bed. His blood pumps again. He feels it in his veins. "Alright." He replies in a whisper. He crawls next to her. He hasn't been in bed with her like this since that first day, but this time, it feels more like his. Before, he felt out of place. Now, he feels like he belongs. In her drowsy state, Mia curls up to Isaac, her face burying in its rightful place against his neck. He could feel her warm, hot breath fan over his skin. Chills course through him. He must tense, because she asks softly, "Are you sure?" but he just nods. He wanted to be with her; next to her. Gingerly, his arms snake around her small frame, and he holds her to his chest. He hears her elicit a sigh. "Is your stomach feeling better?" He asks, concern still laced in his tone. She shakes her head. His lips curve down. "Is there anything I can do?" Another shake of her head. He huffs, feeling like he could do more for her, but she wouldn't talk to him… And he hears her sniffle. What was he doing wrong? He looks down at her and she tries to hide her face more. She must feel like he's a stranger… She needed him, but not in the way he could be right now. "I—I'm sorry…" He mumbles sadly, starting to shift away. Her hands ball into his shirt to keep him close. "I'm pregnant." She cries softly. His ears ring at the news. A picture forms in his mind: They're in a house. Not this one. It's big, fancy. Beautiful. Mia walks around in his shirt, plopping behind him on the couch. He sits on the floor. Her arms loop around his neck. Her hair is wet, as is his. She kisses the dip below his ear and a soft breath emits from his lips. "So…" She starts casually. He laughs softly, finding it cute. She giggles in response. "Do you want to have… kids?" She asks, her voice shy. He tilts his head to look up at her. "What?" He asks. She shrugs idly and looks away. Isaac brings her in for a quick peck. "I've always wanted a big family…" He whispers, and she smiles. It's infectious. "I'd love to give you that." She replies, happy, both of them smiling by now. "Someday…" He blinks in the darkness. Pregnant. The word continues to play in his head. How could… Well. Mia is still crying. "I was going to…" She gasps softly between her tears, still clutching onto him. "I was going to tell you… But then this… This happened…" His heart feels like it was pierced by her words. Then you lost every memory of her ,he thinks. "I'm sorry." He doesn't know what else to say to her. How could they be having a baby? Like this? It was messed up. He holds her closer now, though, letting her get out her needed crying. He was hurting so badly. She was hurting so badly. They needed each other to mend. He doesn't tell her of his memory today. He saves it for tomorrow. Eventually, Mia's tears cease, and he keeps close. Maybe even closer now. Once he hears her soft breaths, knowing she's finally drifted off, her watches her, the sun starting to come up. "I love you." He whispers for the first time, knowing she can't hear. He wasn't only speaking to her though. Someone else was with them now. Someone else to try for. ҉҉҉҉