mistake, because now Peeta is yelling through the front door. "Katniss?! What are you doing?! Are you trying to go down the stairs?!" He sounds so concerned, and I roll my eyes picturing the look of distress he must have on his face. "Yes, Peeta, it's alright, just give me a minute!" I yell. Moving slowly, I hold onto the railing as if my life depended on it, carefully navigating each step. After what seems like forever, I finally make it down and limp to the front door. I open the door and Peeta rushes in, almost dropping the plate of cheese buns as he wraps me in a hug. His concern is almost absurd, so I have to laugh at him as I return the hug. "Peeta, stop, I'm fine." He backs up and smiles, looking down at my foot. "Really? It sure took you a long time to get down here." I shove him away and scowl. "Hey, I think I did pretty well considering," I tell him. "Whew, feels like a cold day out there," I say, taking a peek out the window. When I turn back around, Peeta's looking down. "So, uh," he begins quietly, "I guess your foot's all better now, huh?" "Looks that way, yeah," I say, hobbling over to the kitchen table. Peeta follows me and puts the plate of cheese buns on the table. "It still hurts if I stay on it for too long, but I should be able to get around the house on my own now." He pulls out a chair and sits down, pushing the plate in front of me. "Good. That's great. I know you've been going crazy being stuck in here all day," he says, disappointment evident in his voice. He looks up at me and plasters on what I know to be a fake smile. I begin to blush, knowing the words that are about to come out of my mouth. "Peeta," I begin, "I want to thank you for everything you've done for me these past few days." At this, he smiles genuinely. "You're welcome, Katniss. I've had fun this week." "Me, too," I say. We sit in silence, and after a few minutes, Peeta clears his throat. "Well, are you going to eat, or what? Enjoy them now, they're probably the last buns you'll see in a while since you're all better now." The playful grin he wears makes me laugh. "Well, when you put it that way, sure. But only if you join me. I don't think I've ever seen you eat one of these." "You never leave any for me to eat!" he exclaims, and I blush again. I try to recover by stuffing an entire bun in my mouth and scrunching my nose at him playfully. His laughter fills the kitchen. It's a wonderful sound. We finish up the cheese buns and Peeta insists on going upstairs to get my sweater when I mention how cold it is. He picks up a paper bag I didn't notice he brought with him, and goes upstairs. When he comes back down with my sweater, the bag is missing. "What was in that bag?" I ask. His eyes go wide, and he mutters, "Oh, that bag? It's nothing." I give him a questioning look, but he ignores it and continues talking. "So, uh, are you going to try walking outside today?" "Hmm," I say, forgetting about the bag for now. "I don't think I'm quite ready to go outside yet, maybe tomorrow." "Okay, well…I actually told my dad I'd help him at the bakery today, so…" he says, running his hand through his hair. "I'll come back and see you tonight?" "Sure," I say, trying to hide my disappointment. "Tonight." He smiles, puts on his jacket, and leaves with a wave of his hand. The house suddenly feels colder. Evening comes and I'm amazed I made it through by myself. I spent the entire day downstairs, practicing the exercises my mother taught me, and taking slow laps around the couch. I flipped through the mail and watched some television, and somehow I managed to stay sane until Prim came home and kept me company. Peeta came back after dinner with a few cookies from the bakery. Prim and I ate them on the couch, and Peeta asked if I went upstairs at all today. I shook my head no, forgetting all about the bag he had brought up there this morning. He simply nodded and joined us on the couch for a cookie. He left soon after, saying "Maybe I'll see you tomorrow," and my heart ached. "Maybe" was never really an option for us this week. I always knew he would come. That he would stay with me. Sadness overtakes me again, so I decide to turn in for the night. I make it upstairs in one piece, wash up and settle into my bed. When I lay my head down, I hear the crinkle of paper. I sit up, and find that Peeta had placed the paper bag underneath my pillow. I reach inside and take out what looks to be a makeshift book, bound together with string. It's a book of my drawings. All of my sketches – my practice sketching, my cubes, my boxes, the bowl – are strung together in this book. "Oh, Peeta," I whisper. I smile to myself, thanking Peeta in my head, and place the book in my nightstand drawer next to the sketch he did of my father. And as I lie down, my sadness slowly fades and turns into something else. It's a feeling I don't recognize, a feeling I don't quite understand. But it's new. It's good. And it's mine. That will have to be enough for now. Fin This was honestly the hardest thing I've had to write to date, and I couldn't have done it without the support of my wonderful beta, so-amazing-here. Thanks, bestie! I'm on tumblr - 30smmof2