the one who will lead most of the reaping and will be the one who actually pulls the names out of the two huge glass bowls that sit on either side of the stage. Effie has a pink wig on her head this year, with an ugly spring green suit. It honestly doesn't even match. At exactly two the mayor begins his speech that he gives every year. It's the same word for word. All about the Dark Days and rebuilding and about the Hunger Games. He calls Haymitch's name and he comes out, beyond drunk, and stumbles into his chair. Next up is the always excited Effie Trinket. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor,' she starts. I flash a quick smile at Gale, remembering our tradition. She tells us how honored she is to be here and we all know she's lying through her teeth. She wants a better district. No doubt. Then it's time for her to pull names. "Ladies first." I have the 5 seconds that it takes her to reach the bowl to worry about myself and very briefly Prim. She doesn't call my name, but how I wish she would have. Oh I really, really wish she would have called my name, because instead of calling me she called the one person I love more than anyone in this world. She called Primrose Everdeen. I can't look anywhere but at Prim. I know that my mother faintly screamed. I know that Wheat has no doubt made his way to her to help keep her together. I know that Rye and Gale have shared a look or rage, and I know that Peeta's eyes are solely on me. I don't have to look away to see these things because I know them all so well, but I do have to watch Prim because this is not okay. She's too gentle, too kind. She'll never survive, and there's no way I'm letting Prim die. Not when all I've done for years is try to keep her alive. My feet are moving before I even realize that they are. Not Prim, anyone but Prim. By the time she gets to the aisle I'm behind her. "Prim!" I shout and start towards her. I can see Peacekeepers heading towards me so I speed up. It takes me only seconds to sweep her behind me. "I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" Again, I know everyone's reaction without looking at them, relief that Prim's not going in and sadness realizing that I am, I also know that none of them, not even Prim is surprised that I'm doing this. Effie proves she's from the Capital by murmuring about protocols and looking at the mayor. He waves her off and tells me to come up. When I start to move my foot Prim stats screaming, and I mean screaming with everything she's got. Yelling no over and over again, she has to realize that the only way for me not to go is for her to and that's going to happen over my dead body. Pun not intended. We know in District 12 that this is a death sentence. I want to cry thinking of never seeing my family again, both the blood one and the one made up of me and my boys, but now is not the time. I can hear Prim's screams all the way to the stage, mainly because the rest of the square is silent. Volunteers don't happen in outlying districts and I'm certainly District 12's first ever. The mayor looks at me with a pained expression. We may not really know each other, but I am his daughter's only friend and he knows as well as I do that I'm not coming back. I take my place on the stage but I can't bring myself to look at anyone I know. I'll cry if I do, that I know for sure. I barely hear Effie ask me my name but I do manage to respond. She says something about not letting Prim have all the honor and it's all I can do to keep my face straight, let alone keep my hand from making contact with her face. I want her to hurry and pull the boy name so I can get off this damn stage and get everyone's eyes off me, but at the same time I'm dreading it. Two things today has taught me is that the odds are not in my favor and that no one is safe. Where I was really only worried about Gale, now I'm worried for Peeta and Rye too. I can't imagine going into the Games with any of the three of them, it would be the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, and that is saying something. During my inner musings it seems that Effie has picked her name because she's now walking towards me and the microphone. I watch her unfold the paper because it's easier than looking in the crowd where I know at least six pairs of eyes are trying to make contact with me. She reads the name and I can't do anything to help the strangled whimper that leaves my throat. Out of every boy in the district she had to choose him. Honestly, anyone would have been better than him. The crowd is now murmuring because everyone in our district knows of our friendship; everyone makes jokes about how we never do anything apart so it's almost funny that Peeta Mellark's name was called to be my district partner. But like I said, it's only almost. Author's Note: This is going to be somewhat canon and is going to go through Mockingjay. I want to look at this story if Katniss and Peeta went through this as more of a team. Katniss will still be Katniss but will be more open to Peeta. I'm excited about this and I hope you are too. -the2ndstarsister