form of a lubercant but there are children watching this & I don't think their parents would appreciate the language for the directions. 2) Now I would like to address the break up as I was informed. (Haymitch plays the video of him getting on the transport right after his sttatement to the press) Now as the good people of this country was seeing this along with myself who just was reading a letter that Mr. Mellark left in our quarters. I think it was very tacky of doing this after telling others he couldn't wait for 'our toasting' after bragging to all about 'taking' my virginity. 3) From an exzerpt from his letter; 'I'm doing you a favor. I am leaving you before we hurt each other any more. I realized that although I like you, I was never in love with you.' In response to this, if he never loved me why did he 'take' my virginity, impregnate me & then abandon me? Why did he ask me to marry him before the 75th arena? Also if he had any amount of respect for his fellow Victors maybe he can explain why his 'new' girlfriend is Mr. Stone's betrothed? Also why they have been seeing each other behind both our backs for months instead of coming up to us & making a clean break? We would have understood & wished them both well. In response to 'before we hurt each other anymore' , I never hurt him that I know of so, how could 'we' hurt each other anymore? 4) The baby. Yes it is sad when you miscarry a child. Especially when you are abandoned in this manner. Had I carried 'this' child to term, I would've raised it alone. I would've never went to Mr. Mellark for any assistance what so ever. In fact I would rather never talk to Mr. Mellark ever again. It's clear by any mean of standards that it would be in the 'best interest' of Mr. Mellark that I live a very, very, very long time. Also if I was Mr. Mellark & his current girlfriend I would go to Victor Stone & apologise for what they did to him. Victor Stone to my understanding has released, the girl from her contract to be free to marry whom she chooses. However he is a private person & wanted to do this without the cameras. Mr. Mellark won't have a problem of me every 'ever' looking for him. For I make the very same request of me. I request to be left alone for the time being to cope with such a 'great' loss of MY unborn child & in all fairness it is my 'hope' & greatest 'desire' that Mr. Mellark receives everything he so richly deserves in this life.-Thank you." Haymitch then added upon talking to & watching some ' home ' movies with Ms. Everdeen & the other Victors she just wants to be left alone for the time being. He has been requested that any inquires about Katniss are to be made through him from here on out. In their room in 13 Annie & Finnick were watching the press conference with jaws dropped. In another district Crystal & Peeta were seething as they watched this. For all outword appreances she made them both look like an asshole & home wreckers. That night Crystal after calling both families, contacted Cato with her apology. His reply to her; "I wish you & Mellark all the happiness you both deserve certainly each other." The next day, Cato formerly announces that his betrothal to Crystal has ended & echoes Katniss's sentiments concerning Mr. Mellark. Also the press release Katniss has moved to an undisclosed location but medical slips about the healthy twin that survived. Katniss & the other Victors are furious about this but then when it came to the press, that was always Peeta's relam. Peeta went on the offensive. He went on an interview with Crystal & told their story. He even hinted that he may not even be the father of the baby. Peeta ended the interview with; "Even if I am the father which is very doubtful, it is my greatest wish not to have anything to do with them." Within 24 hours after the interview Haymitch arrived with Katniss's lawyer & had Peeta sign away his parental rights then & there. It surprised Haymitch that Peeta actually balked at first until, Haymitch told him that he knows about the rape that Coin gave Katniss the tapes. Peeta couldn't sign the papers fast enough after that. In parting, Haymitch said; "Boy, you had me fooled. Even drunk I can read a person better than most stone cold sober. Bravo. I told her for so long that she could live a thousand lifetimes & still 'never' deserve you. Boy did I get it wrong. For its the other way around. You don't deserve them. Either one. Mark my words boy. One of these days, you are going to look into a pair of 'your' eyes & know what you threw away. Stay alive kid. Good luck." With that, Haymitch & the lawyer walked out. After that Haymitch, Effie & Portia all help with her care or, run interference as needed. All know not to even mention Peeta's name in her presence nor, inform anybody where she is until further notice. Her friends see a change as Katniss's heart turns cold. This concerns Jo & Cato more but not has much as Portia. Portia sees the brick & ice walls come around her heart. Now Katniss is even more determined to raise this baby without the dirt bag as she calls him. During the day, Katniss works from her bed with President Paylor in drafting new laws to unite the country as a whole. Yet at night, the nightmares of the arenas, the battles, the blood, gore, the Capitol & the rape haunt her. But that is another story.