him Willow. At that moment, it hits him. He's a Dad. "Haymitch she is absolutely goreous. Just like her mother." "Yes she does, Cato. Willow looks just like her Mother did when she was born." "Has Katniss seen her yet?" "Yes in the delivery room. Portia was with her." Yet something tells Cato, Haymitch is holding something back. "What are you not telling me Haymitch?" "Katniss may need surgery. In the last battle that she was injured in the rebellion, weakened her heart. Peeta knew this since he was part of the 'lover's' team the doctors told him. He knew stress would spike her blood pressure & in turn..." "Cause part of the medical issues that she had before this baby was born. With the preeclampsia adding another factor into it. The son of a bitch, he knew. Haymitch that 'last' injury was because she took a bullet for him during the Capitol take over. Okay new plan, until she is completely healed the girls stay with me. Peeta won't dare come to my house at this point. " "Cato are you sure, it maybe too late." "Its' never too late. Is it Willow? The one thing your mother taught everyone, there is always hope." Later Cato went to see Katniss after they moved her to her own room. By then, the nurse brought Willow into the room has well. "Hey how are you doing fire girl?" "Has well as be expected. Willow looks just like Prim. Haymitch remember? She's beautiful isn't she?" Both Haymitch & Cato; "Yes she is." "Well I got to say this, damn I do good work." Everybody laughs. Just then it came on the wire: "IT'S A GIRL. BACK TO BACK VICTOR KATNISS EVERDEEN GAVE BIRTH TO DAUGHTER WILLOW PRIMROSE EVERDEEN-STONE TODAY VIA EMERGENCY C-SECTION. STAY TUNED." Neither one was not happy about this. They wanted to do it their way. However Cato & Katniss talked about it & arranged an interview with Caesar two weeks after they get home. Cato & Haymitch is handling the press conference at the hospital later on. Haymitch told Cato that Peeta will be in a holding cell until Haymitch gets him out, after the conference & he will put him on a train home. Cato then told her what is causing her health problems, what the game plan is until she is healed. Haymitch then told her he will visit when he can. Haymitch & Cato do the hospital conference about the birth of Willow. Which goes off well. On the way back to Katniss's room, Haymitch warns Cato not to count Peeta out for anymore dirty pull after this stunt. Haymitch then leaves. It's what Haymitch doesn't tell them that will have them worried. Haymitch leaves the hospital & goes directly to the Capitol's jail to have a chat with Victor Peeta Mellark. When arrives there, Haymitch is taken to Peeta's holding cell. "Okay this is the deal Peeta. You want the other Victor's to stop snubbing you & accept you into the fold, YOU leave those three alone until the baby is 18 years old, period. No contact, no ' running ' into them, nothing . Nada. Ziltch. Zip, Zero. Contact. Get it?" Peeta nods "Good otherwise, you wouldn't have left this cell until you did. Also from here on consider yourself banished from Districts 2 & 12 until further notice or, on order of the President to make an appearance there." Haymitch has the bailiff let him go, he personally takes him to the train station & puts him on the train home to District 1. Haymitch returns to the suite & contacts Mrs. Everdeen. "Camille, congratulations Grandma." "How are they?" "Willow is fine however they found something with Katniss. They're transferrring her over to D-2 tomorrow. I took care of the security myself. Nobody will mess with a security detail of District 2 Victors & former Career Tribute Trainees." "I'll meet them there at the hospital then." "They're be at Cato's until both girls are fully healed. Its the only way to guarantee Willow's safety from Peeta. Personally I think Peeta wants Katniss dead for some reason but I don't know why?" "I do. Meet me in District 2 tonight." "I'll see you there." District two: Haymitch meets Camille. Camille explains when Peeta has always hated Katniss, that he never had a 'crush ' on her. He did the 'Star Crossed Lovers' thing & said what he said to Caesar just to save his own skin. He actually let himself get captured by the Careers to watch Katniss die in the arena. He was hoping that he would be the one to get to kill her. After what Peeta hinted that he wasn't Willow's father but that Cato was. When Katniss allowed Cato to become Willow's legal father, it ticked him off. Peeta told others that was the proof that Cato is the father. Peeta has been trying to get her to sign a statement that Cato is the real father. Peeta told her that he'll make sure that baby will be left in this world has an orphan if its the last thing he does. Haymitch sat there dumb founded. In the Capitol, it was Peeta's idea to ' admit ' his 'crush ' on Katniss to Caesar. All this time. All this time Peeta played them, all. All the times Katniss put her life on the line to save his ass & all of it was bullshit on his part. He just wants her dead. Haymitch now knows what he has to do to protect them he called Cato to let him know Peeta's motive. He's laid the foundations now he has to come up with a plan for when they arrive at 12. While Katniss & their daughter are sleeping Cato comes up with a plan for their protection while they're in 2. However all good things will come to an end sooner or later. Then again that is another story.