What's next you're going to have me turn my back on Poppy too! Look I don't know what you did that finally drove Mom away from you. All I know is that Poppy & I paid the price for it. I don't know what you have against Willow!? NO more Dad." With that he hangs up. He had his assistant look in the files at twelve's medical & found two more donors that were willing to accompany him to District Two. Later that night, Peeta & the two other donors arrive at the hospital. Peeta wanted to make sure that if he couldn't due to the Jacker Venom there was backup to save Willow. Doctors ran the test, Peeta can give blood but not as much as they hoped. However the other two that came with him could. Peeta was in the middle of donating blood when a vivid, Bran came in. " YOU! YOU, will let strangers donate before her own family. YOU wouldn't let ME pay back MY debt..." "It's not your debt son, it's mine & mine alone. YOU ARE staying out of it." With that Bran Michael Mellark the III walked out on him. He never talked nor saw his father again until the day Peeta died. Bran went into the waiting room & told them what Peeta said. Cato took Bran aside & explained it to him then thanked him for at least trying. Katniss was sitting in the pre-op room with Willow holding her hand. "Come on Ducky stay with Mom. It's okay, you're fine." The doctor came & took her in as an Orderly took her to the waiting room where Cato, Aden, Anton, Bran III, Crystal, Gloss & Poppy looked up at her as she said; "They took her in." Then passed out. Peeta walked around the hospital waiting for the other two to get done. They were getting flown back to 12 right after they get done. Peeta walked by the waiting room where he saw his son talking to Cato. Peeta kept walking pass them. Just then four others from Willow's school came in to donate that also had her blood type. Others were lining up outside to give plasma. Peeta kept walking until he was at the OR waiting room, alone. Yet he wasn't alone. "Mellark." "Stone, I thought you would be with Katniss & the boys? They're getting big." "Kids do that. You should have let Bran donate. He's so pissed at you he can't see straight." "She'll be fine Cato. It's their way to give their parents gray hair. I'm going to get the guys & go." "You're not going to wait to find..." "I don't stay where I am not wanted." Has he gives a respectful nod; "Stone." "Mellark... Thanks, for Willow." "You're welcome." With that Peeta left Cato to sit & think. Peeta kept walking on. He stayed until Willow was out of danger. Other than mandatory appearances he never really left twelve again. Peeta was happier for it. The surgery went well for Willow. Katniss refused to leave the hospital, not without Willow. Yet the first word she said when Willow opened her eyes: "Dad? Mom, where's Dad?" "Right here Willow. Dad's right here always." Epilogue; The only time after Willow's injury that they did see Peeta again was at Haymitch's funeral. The only family he had was Katniss & Willow who acted as Chief Mourners for him. Peeta remained in District Twelve as Mayor for nearly 28 years when he died. The only thing found on him were three pictures. One with Bran, Poppy & Peeta. One with Bran & Poppy with the last being a sketch of Willow has a baby. In his Will, he split everything to both Poppy & Bran with the exception on one thing. A letter that Bran delivered to Willow. When Willow opened it, it was an apology to her for what he did. Katniss & Cato found out the day of Willow's surgery that they were expecting again. This time it was a girl that was named Rue Isabella Stone. Little Rue looked just like Willow except her eyes were blue. It wasn't an easy pregnancy for Katniss. Her heart condition came back to haunt her. The doctors told her that there was little that could be done. However Rue later went into medical school & became a doctor. The twins Aden & Anton went into the military followed by a career in law enforcement. They are currently the Head Peace Officers in districts 2 & 3 respectively. Katniss remained as Mayor until her health wouldn't allow it anymore. Cato remained as the superintended of education for the country until he took a leave of absence to care for Katniss. Everything from both arenas, the rebellion caught up with her. After nearly 35 years of marriage The Mocking Jay was laid to rest in the meadow of District 2. After losing the love of his life, Cato worked like a demon to avoid being home alone. So Cato took up part time residence in the capitol to finish what Katniss started with Paylor. Brutal Bloody Cato was laid to rest next to his wife five years later after, being a victim of a hit & run. It was the hardest thing for Willow to take. For when Willow spoke at his funeral she said: "He was my Dad in almost every way." Willow who survived childhood, grew up & with help continued her mother's work. She traveled to give lectures on the effects of emotional abuse on children & help in the development of laws to protect all from it. Willow lived in the capitol for a while then moved back to D-2 when she met & married Barrage originally from District 4. They had three children: Cato Aden, Phoenix Katniss & Anton Sage. Willow taught her children the same that per parents taught her & her siblings. That they were wanted. That they are loved.