vote. Peeta & Annie were against it. Finnick was still in the medical unit recovering so he didn't vote. Johanna & Katniss went ahead and said yes. Katniss wanted it for Prim who died while rescuing the capitol kids at the age of 14. She was the only one of us who had a justifiable reason for that final game. Upon notification of Prim, her mother died that night of a brain aneurism, leaving Katniss all alone in this world. Anyways I was the tie breaker & said 'I'm with the Mocking Jay.' Peeta was so vocal about it, Coin killed him in an 'accident'. She rigged the new bakery to explode with him trapped in it. Coin later told Katniss it was her fault for loosing him. For not having him tow the line, for the break up. Everyday since Peeta died she would go the cemetery beg for his forgiveness. I guess Peeta answered. For the record after they returned to twelve it was Peeta who broke up with her. It was because of the games, the rebellion & Coin. Coin was the final straw for Peeta. He was going to marry a girl from seven who relocated there the following week. Has I said before Mr. Hadley being a Victor of the hunger games did Katniss Everdeen no favors. Even when Katniss caught the eye of your son Cato. He even told me that she is pure that she has no clue the power that she has over men." "You mean to tell me she blames herself for all of this?" "Yes. Snow forced her hand to stay with Peeta or, kill both their families. Katniss never planned on marrying or, having kids. She raised & care for Prim since she was 11 after her father died & her mother tuned out. The other Victors thought they were invincible so Snow changed the 75th hunger games to kill Katniss for giving the districts too much hope. It started the rebellion. So yes Mr. Hadley she feels responsible for all this." Her dreams take on a different form. For Katniss, in her dreams she sees all the Tributes, her family but no Peeta. The tribute from two grabs her by the shoulders; " He's moved on Fire Girl. He was called home." "Why is everybody else is still here?" ( Has her little duck runs to her for a final hug as her mother waves & waits for Prim at the light at the other end.) "To let you know it's not your time yet. You have to live on, for the ones that didn't make it home. Do me a favor?" "Sure." "Tell my brother there I'm okay & to get some sleep. He's been watching you for almost a week with my dad. Tell him Ollie. He'll know what it means." "Okay I will but why?" "After all this twelve, you were the one that still was going to lay it on the line to do what was right. We're stuck here until we are called. Prim let her go, its your turn, go. (Prim walks into the light with her mother) Peeta said Haymitch has it all wrong about you. You deserve to be happy with whom 'you' choose. He said have some hot chocolate & a cookie. Loverboy said you knew what it meant." Has he & the others fade way. Katniss was then surrounded by bright light in the mists only to open her eyes in darkness of the horn. Where she sees a raven haired version of Two was sitting right there. His icy blue eyes show concern has he looks at her. " DAD! She's up. Keep them open Victor Everdeen. You're safe. You're okay. DAD !" Just outside the horn around the campfire, four adults hear: " DAD! She's up. Keep them open Victor Everdeen. You're safe. You're okay. DAD!" The four look at each other then rush in to see Katniss Everdeen awake looking around. Johanna looks at her; "Brainless, nice to see you again." "Where's his brother?" "Who's brother, Brainless?" "Cato's." Aries comes forward. Katniss has him lean in to give a message; "Cato told me to tell you, he's okay, to get some sleep & Ollie. (Aries eyes got big) Whatever the hell that means." With that Katniss closes her eyes as, she falls back asleep. Mr. Hadley takes vitals & has Finnick brings in the stretcher to get her to the hospital in two in the morning. Has they get the camp set up for the night, Mr. Hadley hears; "Dad?" The senior Hadley turns to see the 16 year old blond haired boy who died in this arena so long ago, in front of him smiling that cocky toothy grin of his. "Cato?" "It's okay. She righted a wrong. Who would've thought that of twelve? Get her out of here Dad. Get her home. Bye Dad." With that & a final bear hug his son was known for, he fades away. Haymitch goes; " Holy shit (as he looks to the sleeping form of Katniss on the stretcher) Sweetheart, what can of worms did you open now?" The senior Hadley looks at everybody puzzled. Finnick looks at Aries; "What did she tell you in there?" "My twin is okay, get some sleep & our code word." "Code word?" "Yes, if we wanted to know after something bad has happened, Cato & I would use our code word for it. From a game we played has kids. Not even Dad knew our word." Then everybody gathered the stuff up including what was Katniss's. They wheeled her into the hovercraft to get her to the hospital in Two. For Mr. Hadley rather Doctor Hadley got the message from his son. Get her home. ***It's my take on the road to redemption. Now do I put the ending here & make this a one shot or, continue on with a few chapters in this story?*** Your reviews decide.