Marin. And…" he waves his hand vaguely as the names of my grandchildren escape him. "And Annie and Arric and Lukas are all doing well. How's your mother?" "She's doing fine," I say. "She's house-sitting for Annie and Arric while they're here. We talked over the phone last…" And for the life of me, I can't remember when last we talked. It wasn't too long ago, because I remember telling her about Haymitch's failing health. But Haymitch, through tact or obliviousness, simply grunts his approval. "Be nice to her. She's gone through a lot. Not as much as some, but still, too much. We've all gone through too much…" Haymitch sighs heavily and groans as he leans back into his pillows. His lips move soundlessly as he puzzles out his next thought. "How's what's-his-name doing? Guy? Gaern?" I shake my head and, after a moment of debate, place my hand over Haymitch's spotted, too-bony one. I try to suppress my flinch at the contact. "No, Haymitch. That was fifty years ago." "Oh," Haymitch gives a miffed huff at being wrong. He shifts in his seat and groans again. "Hand me my pills will you?" I reach over to his bedside table and count out four of the brightly-colored pills which some days seem like the only things keeping Haymitch alive. I pour a glass of water and hand that to him first, because otherwise Haymitch will probably just swallow them dry and curse anyone who tells him off, dry racking coughs and all. Haymitch rolls his eyes at the glass, but accepts it begrudgingly nonetheless. He knocks back the pills and downs them with a huge gulp. I watch the apple of his throat bob with considerable effort and try to figure out how to ask Haymitch if he's feeling ok. But, story of my life, while I'm musing over how to initiate conversation, Haymitch turns and does it for me. "Katniss. I'm dying." I nod mutely. There's no point in denying it. That time has long since passed. Now, all that remains is to try and make the transition as peaceful as possible. "Hmm," Haymitch huffs. "You could at least pretend to cry. Sob over me and tell me how that can't be true." "What would be the point?" I ask. I try not to let my emotions choke me up. It's not a fight I think I'll win. "It's not like you'll believe it, anyway." "There's a procedure to these things, sweetheart. You're the celebrity, you should know this." "I had a terrible teacher." I reply as deadpan as I can with tears threatening. Haymitch guffaws at that. It costs him a minor coughing fit, but I'm glad that he has the strength to still laugh. When his wheezing subsides, Haymitch points accusingly at me. "Yes, you had a terrible teacher, but you mustn't say nasty things about Effie behind her back." And then Haymitch starts cackling at his own wit, and that's enough to get me laughing as well, if only because the alternative is to cry. And then I start crying anyway, making the whole thing entirely pointless. When Haymitch has stopped hacking up his lungs, and I've managed to reduce my blubbering to a dignified sniffle, we both just look at each other contemplatively for a moment. I see a ruined wreck, old and brittle, an exterior which finally matches the interior. He sees a somber, morose woman with greying hair, cold and distant. We both lived sad, broken lives, propped up by the love of others, driven by the need to honor those who died to get us here. And now he's leaving me to live that life alone. "I'll miss you," I say, and I know that will be the best that I can muster. It's okay. For Haymitch, it will be enough. "Take care, sweetheart," he replies. He nods at the envelope on his bedside table. "That's yours, by the way. Take it with you, but promise that you'll read it only after I'm dead. Consider it my way of having the last word." "Doesn't matter," I reply. "Either way, I'm going to dance on your grave." "Works for me. You can't dance to save your life." Haymitch lets out a breath in a huge gush of air. "Help me lie down, would you?" I sling his stick-like arm over my shoulder and gently edge him lower. Haymitch pants and grunts from the effort, and by the time his head touches his pillow there's a sheen of sweat on his brow. I mop it off with the edge of his blanket. "Is this goodbye?" I ask. Haymitch hums contemplatively. "If I have anything to say about it, it will be. Check back tomorrow. If I'm still alive, kill me." I shake my head at his ridiculousness. "Most people aren't as comfortable as you are at making peace with their death, you know." "Most people are idiots," Haymitch says smugly. His smirk droops away and his eyes stare off at something in the distance. "It's life I could never make peace with. Make sure you do better than I did, sweetheart." He flutters his fingers at me, and I know I've been dismissed. I stand up and make to leave. "Turn off the light before you go," he tells me. "I can't sleep with the blasted thing on. There had better be no candles at the funeral. With my luck, it'll probably keep me awake in the coffin for the rest of eternity." I don't smile at that one. Haymitch's voice grows feebler with each irreverent dismissal of his own fate. There comes a point where it becomes too dark for even my humor. I reach over and turn off the lamp. As I make my way out, forcing the door open when it catches on the floor again, I hear him mutter something under his breath. For a moment, I pause. Wondering. Then I slip out and shut the door behind me.