were dancing, once, and sends him back. Once the gentleman sits, Jeremiah offers the guy's wallet, handkerchief, cuff links, tie pin, and a picture of the guy's mistress. Training score: 4 - his lack of any weapon proficiency will have him score low. Token in the games: None. They confiscated everything when he was arrested and nobody wants to be seen with him before departing for the Capital. That's right, he will have no visitors. the games: Open for alliances?: Yes, but don't expect loyalty. He understands the sole survivor nature, so will try eliminating his alliance friends in such a way as to divert suspicion from him. Open for Romance?: Yes Weapon of choice: He'll want something that allows up close and personal, fast, and quiet. Knife, brass knuckles, or even a garrote. Bloodbath, participated or ran away: Depends on his alliance. If they stay, he'll keep to the fringe, ready to flee if the odds shift against them. General Strategy for the games: He'll use his skills as a thief, stealth, to eliminate the competition one by one. Each death will affect him more than any of the other tributes. Preferred death: One of two possibilities. He runs from pursuit, crashes through some brush that obscures his path and falls off a fifty foot cliff or onto the blade of an unsuspecting tribute. A lucky kill. He finds himself a more proficient killer than he ever imagined, which horrifies him. With victory in sight, say less than three tributes, he takes the snare wire, climbs a tree, and hangs himself. Name: Zeon Thatcher, submitted by webelieveinfanfiction Nickname, or name they go by if any: Zeon Gender: Male Age: 16 District: 4 (Or any district, in case you dnt hav a male tribute from any district, you can use Zeon for dat district!) Backup District: any district, in case you dnt hav a male tribute from any district, you can use Zeon for dat district! Reaped/Volunteered: Volunteered If Volunteered, why?: Cuz the guy was his boyfriend! For the money. If volunteered, name of person volunteered for: Walt Hotchkiss Appearance: Similar to Finnick! (I dnt care abt appearances!) Like a stereotypical flamboyant gay. Personality:Similar to Finnick! Sex-obsessed. Likes&Dislikes: depending on d district he comes frm! Catch Phrase: "I'll fuck you no matter what!', "Oh! I'm feeling soo exotic!" Yeah... I don't think I'll be using those. TBA Hobbies: painting, swimming, singing and whatever you feel like! Orgies, making out with random strangers. Relationship status: with Walt Hotchkiss Multiple boyfriends and girlfriends at the same time. PS- I want you to make this character very confused, if used. for example, you can make dis guy fuck a guy and a girl during d games and make him wonder whom he loves more, the guy or d gal! This character can become the winner or can die in d process, but, I feel this charcater can make a very good protagonist, like Harry Potter. He's d protagonist of d HP series but nobody likes him! What the hell dude? Full Name: Derek Walker Nickname at home: The Loner Duke Derek Gender: Male Age: 17 District: 8 Backup District: 8 is open right now, but if you have to change it, any spare district will work. Reaped/Volunteered: Reaped Appearance: Light Brown hair, brown eyes, average height. Personality: Standoffish Lazy, bored Likes: Being left alone, silence Dislikes: Nosy people, loud noises Lazy people Catch Phrase: Whatever (I don't mean that I don't care; it's literally "Whatever") Hobbies: Writing (he won't talk about emotions to anyone, ever) Relationship status: Alone (he's too unfriendly) Strengths: Fists, his mind (when he tries) Number one street fighter in District 8. Weaknesses: people skills, fairly easily startled ( because of the explosion that killed his parents) History: An orphan since he was eight, parents died in a factory explosion, younger brother died of disease, only friend died in the games Dad walked out on him before he was born, only child, mother died in a factory explosion when he was eight. Family: None Friends: was only one, a dead tribute, now none Rich/Average/Poor?: in the community center What are they doing pre-reaping morning: wakes up early, writes, argues with another 17 yr old orphan (this is the community center, after all) Gets into a street-brawl, leaves them there. Originally, someone else was called, but since he's unconscious in an alley he never signed in so the escort drew Derek instead. Reaping outfit: (Details) White shirt, brown pants, dark brown belt costumes: ? (what do you mean) Interview outfit suggestions: Cold grey tuxedo, black tie What they do during the training days: wrestling, survival skills, anything (all halfheartedly) What they show gamemakers: Wrestling, fire lighting Training score: 6 Token in the games: None Open for alliances?: Yes, if they come to him Open for Romance?: Yes, if anyone will approach him (and give him some room) Weapon of choice: Fists Bloodbath, participated or ran away: Grabbed the closest items and ran General Strategy for the games: Wait it out the games: ? (what do you mean) Preferred death: Won't go down without a fight Full Name: Tiara Carter, submitted by 69pussydestroyer69. Nickname: Tia Gender: Female Age: 18 District: 1 Backup District: 1 Reaped/Volunteered: Volunteered Appearance: Blonde hair, green eyes. Personality: Bubbly, friendly. Likes: Girl stuff Dislikes: Gaston Catch Phrase: "This simply won't do! " Hobbies: Shopping Relationship status: Single Strengths: Trained all her life Weaknesses: Not very bright History: Training partners with Lustre since they were five. Family: Normal family life. Friends: Lustre Rich/Average/Poor?: Average What are they doing pre-reaping morning: Unimportant Reaping outfit: Unimportant costumes: Unimportant Interview outfit suggestions: Unimportant What they do during the training days: Unimportant What they show gamemakers: Something Training score: 9 Token in the games: Personalized signet ring Open for alliances?: Career Open for Romance?: No Weapon of choice: Swords Bloodbath, participated or ran away: Participated General Strategy for the games: Work with the Careers the games: Work with the Careers Preferred death: TBA