something. I never feel anything. I need purpose in life; I can't just be idle anymore. I need this. I…I need you , Jo." She gives the tiniest of smiles before she kisses him, his tears wetting her cheeks. A few brief kisses are exchanged before it becomes more heated, with feelings growing in Johanna she hasn't known. She wraps her arms around his neck and tangles her fingers in his hair. Finnick pulls her close to him and they get to their knees to be closer. Soon, Finnick lifts Johanna up and she wraps her legs around his hips, never breaking the passionate kiss. Finnick stands and carries her across the space to his bedroom, into a territory rarely breached by either of them, especially not together . Only stopping to pull his shirt over his head, Finnick maneuvers skillfully through the apartment. Johanna can't even describe the warm feeling of his bare chest against her still-clothed body. He sets her down on the bed, and tentatively, yet breathlessly, asks, "Jo, are you—" "Yes," Johanna interrupts, pulling him down to kiss him. "More than anything." And so, after years of friendship and months of mutual understanding, Finnick and Johanna become more beneath a moonless sky. " I remember tears streaming down your face when I said I'll never let you go, when all those shadows almost killed your light. And I remember you said, 'Don't leave me here alone'. But all that's dead and gone and past tonight." – Taylor Swift, "Safe and Sound" After 73rd Hunger Games These days, it's rare when Finnick Odair is able to get away from the Capitol long enough to go home. But after the death of his father in a fishing accident (which may or may not be a real accident), and the subsequent death of his mother from heartbreak, Finnick is allowed to go home for as much time as he needs. He knows that it will only be for a month or so because the 73rd Victory Tour will interrupt his peace. This precious time spent at home is often on the beach with Annie, who is growing increasingly further into herself. Finnick holds her hand for hours, occasionally trying to get her to speak. He draws pictures in the sand and often writes Annie Odair before quickly erasing it, afraid that anyone will see it. Not that it really matters, because his Annie has already been taken from him. A particularly large wave crashes on the sand, the water rushing up to tickle the toes of the broken man and the lost woman. And then all hell breaks loose. Annie begins to scream, covering her ears and squeezing her eyes as tight as possible. Finnick immediately wraps his arms around her, trying to calm her down. She thrashes and fights him for a few seconds, but then his strong arms pull her against his bare chest and he repeatedly kisses her hair. Eventually, the violent spell passes, and Annie turns to cry against Finnick's chest. He gently rubs her back, and tells her, "Don't worry, Annie, I'll be here. I'll always be here. I love you, Annie." These words ignite guilt in Finnick's heart. He knows that Mags can take care of Annie while he is in the Capitol, praying that the world forgets about Annie Cresta, but it breaks his heart that he can't be with her all the time. He feels dirty when thinking of all the people he sleeps with in the Capitol, but knows that he does it to keep Annie safe. Finnick wishes he could explain things to her so she wouldn't always be left in the dark, but he knows that it could jeopardize her safety and she wouldn't understand. Finally, one of the moments that Finnick does all this work for comes. "Finnick?" Annie mumbles. The man in question looks down at her with a smile. "Yes?" Annie smiles at him and says, "How long will you be here?" "All day." "No, I mean, how long will you be here ?" Finnick sighs, puts one of his many false faces, and lies, "As long as you need me, Annie." She exhales, visibly relaxing. "I'll always need you, Finnick." He wishes he could promise to be here forever, but Finnick knows that such a promise would be impossible to keep. Staring out into the sea, Finnick wonders if they could run away, and get away from the lies and secrets and Games. Away from the nightmares and the memories. They could make it, him and Annie. A detailed plan starts to evolve in his mind, but then, for the first time since arriving in District 4, Finnick remembers to think of Johanna. Just thinking about her makes him feel like an adulterer. If she knew what he was thinking, Finnick would surely be cussed out, beat down, and yelled at for even daydreaming of such a stupid idea. They would never make it, because Annie would always have nightmares and they would always be running, even if there was somewhere else to go out there. Finnick sighs, knowing that Johanna would feel betrayed if he left Panem without telling her. He really was her only friend. Occasionally, Johanna would play nice with the other children, but it was only ever with Haymitch, Chaff, or Blight. And it was rare. Johanna was often considered the black sheep of the victors. No one really liked her because she came across as rude, self-centered, and insensitive. Finnick knows he is lucky to know the real Johanna—a sad young woman who is just as broken as everyone else. Annie shifts to draw back and look up into Finnick's eyes. "Do you love me?" she asks, as simply as if she were asking if the ocean was full of fish. Only slightly surprised, Finnick answers, "I'll always love you, Annie." Making up his mind, Finnick leans in and gently kisses Annie for the first time. Damn the odds.