and I will stand alone, with the Eighteens and Sixteens respectively. We wear the rain slickers. The ones Grandfather keeps on both the trawler and his skiff in case of a storm. Of course, we aren't the only ones. The square is all ready half full when we arrive, soaking from our walk. Everyone from school. From town. From up the shore. Some carry umbrellas like the twins. Old and worn. Most wear the same shapeless slickers like ours. The sign-in is faster than I remember. My name is on the books and I'm saying good-bye to everyone before I know it. I have a feeling it has to do with the weather. Capitol people hate discomfort. Driving rain and howling wind is certainly not pleasant when you're standing in it. To that end, there's a tent over the Peacekeepers taking our names. Over the cameramen and the little stage in front the Justice Building too. There aren't tents for the people of District 4. We stand out in our sections. Twelves to Eighteens, before the stage. Girls on the right, boys on the left. Parents and everyone else around the square. Everyone looks wet. No one looks happy. "Maggie!" It's Fillipa. I can see her standing with the other Sixteen girls as I approach. She is looking half-drowned this morning. Her umbrella seems to have blown inside out once or twice. Her own dress is soaked through. Her brown hair plastered to her face, out of whatever braid she'd had it in this morning. "Here Fil," I say, taking her hand. "I heard you say good-bye to your grandmother." She tells me. Fillipa may be blind, but her hearing is impeccable. Even over the roar of the rain. "She's worried." I explain. "So is my father." She agrees. "I don't even take tessera and he's upset." I'm not the least bit surprised. Fillipa is impossible not to love. She is sweet and clever and so terribly sincere. She is the best friend I know. Fillipa also stands less of a chance of coming out alive than the rest of us if she is picked. " I'm upset." I confide. "Willie and Jackie are in this year." "You didn't let them take-?" Fillipa sounds like she can't believe I'd let them do such a thing as take tessera. "Of course not." I say. "But it only takes once." "How many times are you in?" She asks me quietly. There's a waver in her voice. Almost like she doesn't want to know. "More than I'd care to think about." I admit. She opens her mouth to say more. The fanfare that announces the arrival of Minerva Holmes interrupts. Minerva Holmes has been the District 4 spokeswoman and Tribute chaperone since the Games began. She looks exactly the same as she did ten years ago. Her skin is still a proper flesh tone. Not like some of the other Capitol people, with their dyed skin in unnatural colors. But it's still pinched, almost stretched over her face so that she looks surprised all the time. Her brown eyes still bug out which doesn't help to weather that surprised look. Her hair is still a wig and still a shock of red. Not a regular orange-red, but blood red, contrasting with the dark of her skin. And of course, she still wears a sharp pantsuit, still red to match her hair. When I was small, I was afraid of her. She was too tall. Too sharp. Too unreal. Now I'm afraid of her for a whole different reason. Minerva introduces herself unnecessarily. She smiles like this is not the most dreadful day of the year. Waves like we're glad to see her. Welcomes the guests behind her on the stage. The Mayor Vincour. The Head Peacekeeper Donnelson. Thom Argon, District 4's only living Victor and Tribute Mentor. Mayor Vincour is looking tired and Donnelson's looking for a fight. Thom Argon is looking so handsome that even though it's reaping day some of the girls around us giggle. The anthem of Panem plays now. When it's finished, Minerva has the mayor read from the Treaty of Treason. To remind us why we're here. Even he looks a bit nauseous at the words. Minerva pretends she doesn't notice. When the mayor stutters through the end of the treaty, Minerva thanks him. Announces a treat. A propo reel runs on the screens above the veranda, in honor of the 10th anniversary of the Games. The echo of the President's voice talking about the glory of Panem rings out of the intercom system. It's supposed to be inspiring. Uplifting. Make us feel honored to die. Even with the rain to obscure it, it still makes me feel ill. I've started shaking with worry at some point too. The Capitol's dragging things out this year. A special torment. As though sending two of your children off to die wasn't enough, they plan to make us wait to see which ones. Fillipa squeezes my hand to let me know she's worried too. I squeeze back. Finally, finally , the film finishes with another round of the anthem. The Treaty read, the propo run, Minerva Holmes steps up to table. The table with two giant glass balls, loaded with tiny scraps of paper that wait for her. "And now! The moment we've all been waiting for!" She calls out in her singsong Capitol voice. "Ladies first!" At least she doesn't make a show of digging around in the names. In years past, when they recap all the Lotteries in all the Districts at the end of the day, I've seen some of the other spokespeople. Some of them are terribly dramatic. They are from the Capitol. I should expect it. But they go on and on . Take ages to pull a single name. Minerva spares us this. Instead, she stirs the ball once. Snatches up a single name. She unfolds the little piece of paper and reads, "Margaret Benoit!"