qualities that can be advantageous in the Hunger Games. Johanna walks in right after Peeta and I look carefully at my new mentee. She is about my height but she is not as thin as I am, and from what I can tell the difference is mostly muscle. It was hard to see in the clothes she wore to the reaping but the Capitol provided outfit she changed into is a little tighter and accentuates the muscles in her arms. She is also strong. And she is even better looking than Peeta. Both the tributes take a seat and Effie signals for the first course to be brought out. I observe both of them throughout dinner. They both eat a lot despite Effie's warnings - no matter how well off their families are by District Twelve standards, it is likely they have never had food this rich. I pay special attention to Johanna, who is sitting across from Haymitch. The way she attacks her food almost seems like she hasn't had a decent meal in a while. This doesn't make sense to me since you can tell by looking at her that she has grown up well-fed. Maybe I am misreading her actions but this girl is definitely a mystery. I am really curious about why she volunteered for that girl from the Seam but it doesn't seem appropriate to ask. "So Johanna, how do you know Tally?" Apparently Effie is just as curious as me and not as concerned with Johanna's privacy. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised about that. Effie is nice enough, I suppose, but she is a Capitol citizen. To them the Hunger Games are entertainment and everything about the tributes is part of the show. Johanna puts down her fork and swallows the bite of cake she had in her mouth before replying. "I don't." "Let's finish up and go watch the other reapings," I jump in before Effie can ask her to explain. Johanna's tone made it clear she did not care for the question and the girl has enough on her mind without having to deal with Effie's insensitivity. "Get an idea of what you two up against." I push my seat away from the table and lead the way to the compartment where we can watch the recap of the day's events. It is weird to think that just a year ago I was in this very train as a tribute. We all take a seat in the compartment and watch the reapings from the other districts in silence. I size up the tributes as I watch the video, trying to decide which ones will be the biggest threats. Once the video is over Peeta speaks up. "How exactly is this going to work? Do we each get one of you as a mentor?" "Good question kid," Haymitch responds. "I will mentor you, Katniss will take Johanna." "When do we start?" Johanna asks. "Tomorrow," I tell her. "For now I recommend trying to get some sleep." She gives a brisk nod and leaves. Peeta and Effie also head out of the compartment, leaving me alone with Haymitch. "Johanna is a bit of a mystery," I comment. "Do you know why I was late to the train?" Haymitch asks. He slipped onto the train after both the tributes were already on. I shake my head, unsure where he is going with this. "I stuck around the Justice Building, I was very curious about Johanna's family. Peeta had his parents and brothers come by, I already knew he was the baker's kid so no surprise there. But I stuck around until they were both led to the car and not one person came by to visit Johanna." I mull this over in my head, it is hard to imagine that if Johanna had any living family members they would pass over the chance to say goodbye. The only explanation I can think of would be that she does not have any family. My mind drifts back to the way she ate at the dinner table, almost desperately. "She's from the home," I voice my realization out loud. "Bingo," Haymitch says softly. "I'd guess from looking at her she hasn't been there more than a couple weeks. If she had it would be more obvious. Judging by the way she ate though it's been at least a few days." The pieces seem to fall together. She must have lost whatever family she had very recently and been sent to the community home. That place crushes the toughest kids from the Seam, I can't imagine what it would be like for a merchant kid who was used to a relatively comfortable life. But something still doesn't add up. "She's seventeen. She may not be old enough to get a job in the mines but that doesn't matter if she's not Seam. She should have been able to take over her family business and support herself. How did she end up at the home?" "I can't quite figure that part out either," Haymitch slouches back in his chair. "Never thought I'd find myself regretting that I didn't pay more attention to what was going on in town." "Well none of this is important anymore," I get up from my chair as I say this. "I am going to bed. Night 'Mitch." "See you in the morning, sweetheart." A/N: Reviews greatly appreciated. They help me figure out if people are actually liking what they read/interested in me writing more. Also I need a beta for this so if you are interested please PM me. To clear some stuff up: The only person whose age is different in this story is Johanna. Meaning Katniss was fifteen when she won the 73rd Hunger Games. She did not volunteer because Prim would have been too young to be reaped. Katniss' life before the Games is pretty much the same as the books except that she never had any interactions with Peeta.