and not bathing for weeks at a time hasn't helped either. But hopefully I'll be able to come back somewhat and look halfway normal. I'll try at least. "I brought you some fresh game" I say, motioning to the bag on the counter. Sae looks around in mild surprise but only nods and says "That you did." She busies herself with skinning and gutting the meat and then wrapping it up to place in the freezer. Then she sets to cooking up some beef and potato soup. Sae continues to look at me in mild surprise as I eat the soup without protest, even filling up a second bowl for myself. It's the most I've eaten in who knows how long; I've forgotten just how good food is when you're enjoying it. "Girl, what has gotten into you today?" Sae asks. I gulp down my soup hungrily and wipe my lips carefully. "What?" I say. The older woman, who by now must be in her mid seventies, shakes her head before speaking. "You have barely moved an inch in nearly two months and haven't turned on that shower in almost as long. You barely eat the food I make for you and you hardly ever say a word. Now all of a sudden you're clean, you're eating, and you've gone hunting. What changed?" "Peeta's coming back." I didn't mean for that to be my answer. I was going to say something about how I thought that Prim wouldn't want me to be miserable forever and that I couldn't let President Snow win. But no, the return of Peeta Mellark is what comes out as my reason for my sudden change in attitude. "Oh, I see" Sae says with a smile. "What?" I ask, somewhat more fiercely than I intended. Sae just chuckles to herself and begins to wash the dishes. "Oh nothing" she says. "I'm glad the boy is coming back here. There's a shortage of good bread. It's just not the same when I make it. Sweet young man like him has been missed around here." I don't know if Sae is referring to her need of good bread when she says that Peeta has been missed or if she means some of the teen girls who have apparently moved back in; but the thought of ditzy young girls talking amongst themselves about missing Peeta makes me irritated for some reason. "Do you know when he'll be here?" Sae asks me. "Haymitch says Friday morning at ten." Sae nods. "Then I'll be sure to come by a little earlier Friday night and cook up a big dinner. Try and shoot a deer tomorrow and I'll make some venison stew. Should be nice for a welcome back dinner." I nod, the reality of Peeta's imminent arrival starting to really sink in. "Oh" says Sae, "and you might as well invite that mentor of yours. Someone probably needs to feed him too." I smile for what seems like the first time ever. But it's actually a welcome feeling. In just 48 hours I'll be having dinner with Greasy Sae, Peeta Mellark, and Haymitch Abernathy. It almost feels like that's the way it should be. The rest of the meal passes by enjoyably enough and Sae and I talk about the rebuilding of the district. I actually find this somewhat pleasant even though I've shut most of it out for the last month or so. Several families have moved in from District Five to start over fresh and a few of the originals have also returned. Delly Cartwright decided to remain in District 13 which has been moved back above ground and about six families from the Seam have returned. Starvation has not been a problem since the fall of the Capitol to the rebels; everyone in the district has been on a relatively even playing field and most are able to hunt or grow their own food. I ask Sae how she's been surviving and she tells me about the butcher's shop she's opened in town, close to where the Mellark's old bakery used to be. When I ask her where she got the meat from she says "You're not the only one in town who ever hunted illegally." I smile at this and wonder who taught Greasy Sae how to hunt. After Sae finished drying off the last of the dirty dishes, I thanked her for looking after me the last couple months. "Don't thank me Katniss" she says dryly. "It's the least I can do. You've been through a rough couple of years; even longer since your dad died. But I do hope you'll start taking care of yourself better. It doesn't do to see a strong young woman like yourself waste away from despair." I nod and promise her that I'll start to do better. She nods as well and sends a conspiratorial wink my way. "That boy must be something special if he can pull you out of your haze and still not even be here." My ears and cheeks burn at that comment but I don't say anything in response. I've already blurted out enough about Peeta today. Sae chuckles and packs up her things. "Try and clean this place up a bit before he gets here" she says to me. I nod and she starts to head out. Before she closes the door she turns around slightly and says "I'm glad to see you're finally awake Katniss." After that she walks out and closes the door behind her. I stare after her for some time before I realize that for the first time in months I actually feel awake, alive. It's hard to describe but after existing in a semi-catatonic state for weeks on end I feel very much alive and energized. I go to sleep that night on the couch with my mind and heart racing with thoughts of recovery, rebuilding, and getting reacquainted. Perhaps the Girl on Fire still has some sparks left.