much of his time is spent in a daze or a stupor. Whatever efforts he made directly after the arena not to think have long since been exhausted. He cannot rid his mind's eye of the faces of his victims or of Clove. He holds only a memory, All it is, is a memory. Hey, hey. He cries. "Stay with me until I fall asleep," As she requested of him, lying on the ground in the Arena. "Stay with me," as he'd countered, begging her not to leave him, holding onto her for dear life itself. "Stay with me until I fall asleep," "Stay with me." "Stay with me until I fall asleep," "Stay with me." "Stay with me until I fall asleep..." "Stay with me!" And not another word from her. Just like after the feast. She's gone now, but he begs her memory not to leave him. "Kiss it all better, I'm not ready to go. It's not your fault love, You didn't know, you didn't know." No matter how frequently he hears those words of hers in his head, he cannot reduce the guilt in his chest. They were a team. All he wanted was to be allowed to return home safely with her and his mistake had cost him that. How is he supposed to let it go when the Capitol had given him every opportunity and he'd been the one to mess it up? He tries. Whenever his mind flashes back to the feast, he reminds himself that she'd said it. She'd said he wasn't to blame. But the thought always occurs to him that he must be because if he weren't, she never would have thought to tell him he wasn't. If it wasn't his fault, then she'd never have called his name as that giant brought the rock down. She'd thought he'd be there protecting her, that was why she'd taunted that girl from 12. And he'd been there, only just barely too late. "Kiss it all better. "Stay with me until I fall asleep," "Stay with me." "Stay with me until I fall asleep," "Stay with me." "Kiss it all better. Stay with me until I fall asleep," "Stay with me." "Stay with me until I fall asleep," "Stay with me." It takes another year for the high dosages of morphling and sedatives to finally make him sleep. . . . Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games, or the song Kiss it Better. AN: So, if you read The Conspiracy my other Cato and Clove centered story on here, you might have read the AN where I talk about this, but I'll just put it here as well in case you don't want to read another seventy-thousand words. First, the reason this has taken so long is that I didn't want to post some ridiculous melodramatic story. I wanted it to feel real, which it does to me because I wrote it and I wrote some of the grieving during the very beginning of my own grieving process, but I didn't know if it would to you, hence why I sent it to a couple of people, hence the delay. Explanation: Anyway, this isn't supposed to be a six page pity party, nor is Cato supposed to seem incompetent. He's literally supposed to have gone crazy. There's a difference between madness and incompetence to me. He's supposed to be almost Finnick-ish when Annie's in the Capitol for the first half of Mockingjay. He's lost his mind from the mixture of horror he experienced in the arena, the guilt over murdering a bunch of people, the guilt of not being able to save Clove, and, most hauntingly for him, the final realization that there's nothing he can do to bring Clove back which clinches the insanity. If you've ever had that feeling where you're like "Crap, I really wish I could change [insert whatever it is here]" you know the beginning of it and how irritating it can be, but this is obviously much different. Lastly, if you're wondering about the ridiculous vagueness, it's because this is written in limited omniscient form from Cato so he doesn't know much about he war. Basically that made it easier for me because it'd have been really complicated to re write it all without Katniss. Also, something I realized very recently (which is funny because I wrote this) but the lines where he's thinking about kissing small wounds better...I don't know how to put it but I wanted to draw your attention to them. It's like "If this thing that doesn't work did work, it wouldn't work in this instance anyway," and I can't explain it, but it seems like a big deal to me. Sometimes I do that. I write things and I'm like, "That's significant. Why? I don't know." haha. Sorry for the ridiculous AN. Upcoming stories I'm still working out the AE to The Conspiracy as well as the stories of Cato and Clove as kids that I talked about. And if we're being honest, I might re write the reaping and train chapters of The Conspiracy because in THG Katniss says Cato volunteers but he doesn't in The Conspiracy and it took me until like two weeks ago to figure out a reason why he would after Clove volunteered. If you were in my head, you'd think I'm stupid for not having thought of it before then. Again, it's one of those things that I do that I'm like, "This is a big deal" but I can't explain why. Also, something I don't think I've mentioned yet, I've written another songfic to a German song called Frieden im Krieg from Madsen. The original is in German but I translated it as well to make it available to my English speaking/reading readers. They (the English and the German versions) should be up soon as well just as soon as I'm comfortable with the German version being correct. Ok, that's all for now.