symbol for. Bas looks at me, "I drew this today." He hands me a folded piece of paper and I open it. It's a charcoal drawing of Prim and Rory and I smile. "Dad says he's going to put it on a cake for their anniversary. Or when the baby is born, whichever is first, we can't remember." "The baby, I think. That's very good, I'm sure they'll love it. Can I keep this?" He nods, but before I can fold it back up, Peeta stands, gravely serious and I understand without him saying. It's time for the announcement. We wait as the Panem anthem plays, its symbol bright against the triumphant horns. Peeta and I stand beside each other, unable to sit due to our anxiety. Haymitch is already halfway through his flask and lounging on a chair. Ivy and Bas sit on our couch, silent and waiting, like all of us, for what horrors this year's games will bring. The 100th Games. It'll be bigger than all the others. I can feel it. President Snow is wheeled out by his granddaughter, in her thirties now and just as cold as him. He manages to stand, shaky, but making a point to show his strength. Even as he approaches ninety two, his health has never been a public concern. I'm sure the Capitol has some medicine keeping it that way, but I hope one day it's no longer useful. Although I'm not sure how much relief I would have when another President would just take his place. Snow is handed a yellow envelope marked 100. And he speaks about the previous Quell and the Games with a smile. I recall the memories of my tributes dying as Capitol citizens cheer at the appropriate times. I remember Sodor's face as he was drowned. The girl last year, Briony, only thirteen, who was killed during the bloodbath. On and on the memories continue until Peeta grabs my hand and silences them. I do my best to focus on the floor until Snow reaches the point in his speech that we've been waiting for. "This year we honor our fourth Quarter Quell." He opens the envelope and my heart begins to pound. He reads the card to himself before looking into the camera with a satisfied smile. And I realize it then, what that smile means. What Ivy's words mean. She's not the only one who whispers about the Mockingjay. Who have hope as to what it could mean. Even as I try to forget and make others do the same. Snow never did. Nor has he forgiven. He's merely been very patient. And this is his moment of revenge. "On the one-hundredth anniversary, as a reminder to the rebels that even the strongest among them can't always protect those they love from their past actions, this year's male and female tributes will be reaped from the children of previous victors." The citizens of the Capitol begin cheering wildly in a roar that echoes through the walls of the house. I can barely hear them over the sound of the blood pumping in my ears. I feel like a weight is crashing down on me, a weight that I've been waiting for but forgot was there. I stare, stunned, at the dark screen as I hear footsteps leave the room in a rush. A door slams and I hear a rage filled scream from up above me as something comes crashing to the floor. I can feel an anger I've pushed down rising. A fire burning in my stomach, reaching my heart where my fear has encased it in ice, melting it and burning away any last remnant of complacency I had forced myself into. I want him to pay. I will make him pay. Peeta grabs my arm, pulling me back into the room, the reality of everything around me and my anger recedes. Replaced with despair, and a heartbreak that I can't fully comprehend. I turn around and face Ivy, sitting stunned on the couch, staring at the floor, putting it all together. I reach out for her, my hands shaking, but she stands too quickly for me to reach her. She's upstairs and in her room before I drop my arm and turn to Peeta. "This can't be happening," He says, voice fragile, about to fall to pieces. Haymitch stands, dropping his flask in the process, "But it is happening. And denying it isn't gonna help them now." "Haymitch, what do we do?" Peeta asks, as I try to think if there's anyway, by some unimaginable miracle, Haymitch could have fathered some kid somewhere, but I know he didn't. And I know what I have to do come reaping day. "Make sure they survive." "Both of them can't win, how do we—" "We do what we're supposed to do. We mentor them and make sure they live the longest," Something in Haymitch's words eases Peeta's tension but is lost on me. Haymitch hands me a bottle and I don't care enough to question him further. I feel like I should be in mourning, but I know I've been expecting something like this for so long that I can't feel anything. How do I mentor them? How do see them through the arena when I haven't managed to do it a single time before? I take a drink. I can't think about the announcement right now, the Games or what's going to happen come reaping day. I can't think about the fact that both of my children are going into the arena. And if I'm lucky one of them will come out. " There are thieves, who rob us blind, and kings, who kill us fine, but steady, the rights and the wrongs invade us, as innocent song. I'm not ready, I'm not ready For the weight of us, for the weight of us, for the weight of all of us ." – The Weight of Us by Sanders Bohlke