sigh. "Maybe it's because it was all pretend, but sometimes I recall this overwhelming urge – like this instinctual need..." It's a feeling she knows all to well. One that she was only beginning to understand that night on the beach, and one that confuses her more and more since his return. "A hunger," she says, and she's not sure if it's out loud or deep in her thoughts. "Yeah," he says. "I guess that's it. It's like there are two voices in my head, pushing me in different directions. I don't know what I did to stop it back then, and I keep on trying to fight this monster inside of me, but he always wins." She thinks about her own darkness. She was able to kill in the Games without thought if it meant her survival. Why was her life more important than Marvel and Cato and the others? Peeta's always been different though. Even Haymitch and Finnick could see it. He was better than the other victors because he was inherently good. At least that's how she always saw him. But maybe that's because she didn't want to see the alternative. "Maybe it's always been a part of you," she says. "What?" "The monster," she says. "Maybe that anger has always been there, deep down." "Sometimes I feel like her ," he says, and she can tell he means his mother, even though he doesn't say it. "She allowed herself to become so bitter because of the way her life turned out. That's why she was so cruel. That's how I used to feel when I looked at you, once I wasn't afraid of you anymore. I was mad that you never loved me and the more I was around you the more foolish I felt for not noticing before. It made me angry all over again." "I wish you would have gotten angry," she says. "I deserved it." "It wouldn't have done any good." "I think it would have." She's still standing at the foot of his bed, and she leans against the wall beside it. "There are walls we build to protect ourselves, never realizing that the things that terrify us may be something that we need." "What are you afraid of?" he asks, his fingernail picking at the clumpy knot he's woven. "Hurting people," she says. He laughs. "That's not true. You do that all the time. It takes one to know one." She frowns, inching towards the door. "Come on, tell me," he says. Falling hopelessly and madly in love, she thinks, and hurries out of the room before she does something stupid like say it out loud. He's getting better. She's not sure how, but that's what the doctors say, and they seem to understand these things far more than she ever could. It's a shift in brain chemistry, or something. The latest brain scan shows active regions that were previously dormant. At first, they were seeing spikes in activity associated with addiction and obsession, triggered from the tracker jacker venom they assumed, but even after his system was cleansed, the striatum persisted to light up in all of his scans. Katniss thought that was the problem. That his obsession and paranoia were what impeded his other functions and that was what put a strain on his heart. They show her another scan that is meaningless to her, one they had taken earlier in the day, and they point at it excitedly. "The ventral tegmental," one of the doctors says, tracing his finger up the middle of the image. "It's associated with calmness and pain management, and when we show him images and videos that once excited the striatum, now the activity has shifted to here." She nods as if she understands, and the doctor continues when she doesn't speak. "Past research indicates this sort of activity is associated with romantic love." Her eyes widen. Peeta still loves her. She goes into the forest that afternoon collecting berries, plants, and flowers, which she grinds into different pastes and smears against a flat plank of wood. When she's content with the pallet, she returns to Thirteen, stopping in one of the supply closets to grab a can of white paint, before returning to Peeta's compartment. She extends the plank and can of paint, smiling weakly. "Not as fancy as the stuff they used to send you from the Capitol, but hopefully it's a step up from the pencils." His wide grin makes her stomach knot, and when he asks if she'd like to sit with him for a while, she nods a bit too eagerly. He doesn't have a paintbrush, so he uses his fingers, and she watches intently as he dips his finger into each dye, swirling it into a puddle of white paint until a new, brilliant color is formed. When he's finished, he presents it to her, and the sight makes her heart stand still. It's of their picnic, before the games, on the training center roof when they watched the sunset for the last time. Every detail is captured vividly from the crown of flowers to the color of her dress. But what's most magnificent is the sky, which captures the harsh, mysterious darkness of night and the gentle light of day, separated by a beautiful, warm band of orange. It's you," she says, her hand hovering over the image, too delicate to touch. "What?" "Peeta," she says, cupping his round face in her hands. "It's you." She kisses him. Soft, tender, unlike any kiss they've shared before, and when he returns it, it's not the constant steadiness of their staged kisses, or the primal lust that consumed him after the hijacking, it's passionate and sturdy. It's Peeta. When they pull apart, gasping for breath, she sees his pupils as they widen and contract wildly between pinpoints and saucers. His grip on her tightens, anchoring him to reality. "Katniss," he says, his voice strained. "You stayed." "Always," she replies.