Her features are delicately round and incomparable to any image she's ever seen in her own reflection. She tries to see herself, but can't. If they've made a clone of her, shouldn't they look alike? The tapping of footsteps approach her in the heavily traveled corridor, but she makes no move to acknowledge her newest companion. "It's a miracle, really. That you've found her again. I think she has your smile." "Excuse me?" Katniss says. Plutarch stands beside her, his eyes looking adoringly at the young infant through the portal. "Your daughter," he says. "The tests haven't confirmed it yet, but one of my sources from the Capitol – she came back with the rescue, says that she was the one who performed the operation." "The operation?" she narrows her eyes and shakes her head incredulously. "What operation? Part of the rescue?" "No, no, to harvest your child, of course," Plutarch says. Katniss looks at him curiously. "There was no baby," she says. "We made it up." "That's what we'd assumed too. Imagine our surprise when it turned out to be true. I was out of the loop for most of it, rebellion and all," he says, as if everything was all well and normal. "But look at that. Here she is." "I never had a baby," she says. "I think I'd remember." "Not the natural way," he agrees. "Like they force you to in the districts. No one carries a child to term in the Capitol. The women would lose their figures, and nine months is an awfully long time to wait for a child." Katniss stares at him skeptically and he carries on, oblivious to her confusion. "As soon as a pregnancy is detected, they have the child removed. The incubation period is up to the parents, of course. Some prefer an authentic term, nine months, as the districts experience. Others wait a full year, so that their homes can be properly renovated. But most are too impatient. They'd lose interest before the baby was even delivered. It's my understanding that your girl was one of the more ambitious procedures. Only a week of incubation." He pauses. "They wanted to have her ready for the end of the Games. A tragic reunion, in case one of you survived." "I doubt Snow intended on either one of us surviving," Katniss says flatly. But a poor orphaned girl made to suffer due to her parents' insolence would certainly be a powerful image. "I don't understand though," she says. "It has to be a mutt. I couldn't have been…" pregnant, is what she can't work up the courage to say. "The level of hormones in your blood was nearly undetectable," Plutarch says. "My source – she said that based off the size of the fetus, it couldn't have been more than a few days from conception. She was surprised you even knew." Couldn't have been more than a few days. The train. On the way to the Games. She never thought anything of it — certainly she had thought of it. In the darkness of night with her pearl clutched against her heated skin, but she never thought… And then she can feel it again. The heat on her skin from where his lips had touched her neck as they embraced on the train. It had felt so good that she had buried her face against him in the same way. And they had stood there, embracing one another as the train rocked them slowly, almost hypnotizing in rhythm. Then his lips began to move against her throat. Hot and hungry and warm. It had felt so impossibly good that she was consumed by this need for him. The places where their skin touched hadn't been enough, and they hunted for more. Shedding one another from their clothing until their naked bodies were flush and tangled on the plush couch in the train car. Not once had her mind intervened with her body's desire. There were no consequences to fear, because to suffer a consequence, there needed to be a future. And for them, nothing past tomorrow existed. And so she opened herself to the warm, and curious stirring in her chest that she hadn't felt since the cave. It spread fast, like fire. The flames wild and seemingly impossible to extinguish. Until he was inside her, containing the intense quiver between her legs with long even thrusts. Taming it, then building it into utter bliss. They had laid there, breathless. His head resting on her breasts, and her fingers matted in his damp blond curls. "Never leave me," she had pleaded. "Promise that you'll stay with me." He had pressed a kiss to where her heart beat then looked up at her with a crooked grin and tender blue eyes. It made her feel complete. "Always," he had said. But that wasn't the first, or the last time that he made that vow. Hidden in her consciousness, they work their way into her memory. The night when she had leapt over the fence, and he carried her to bed. He held her hand, and right before she fell asleep, she had asked him to stay, but never heard his answer. Always. And again, the night before the Games, she had asked him to hold her and he had whispered something against her forehead that she didn't understand. Always. But where was he now? The man strapped to a chair across the hall certainly wasn't him. The child stirs and slowly wakes, looking at Katniss curiously, through the small,portal window. And then she sees them. Those blue eyes she has been searching for since Peeta's abduction are staring back at her, but they're not his. Or are they? None of this makes sense. "Aeternum," she says absently, it's an ancient word from a language that has long ceased to exist. But it surfaces in her mind like Peeta's eternal promise. "Lovely," Plutarch beams. "Is that what she is to be called?"