she was sure he would hear it in the quiet refuge of the office. Peeta's face was flushed and Katniss tried to read what was happening, as his expression gave away nothing. He inhaled deeply and Katniss followed suit as he took a step closer to her. "So… One shot, right?" He asked evenly. Afraid her words would come out too breathy or high-pitched; Katniss simply bit her lip and nodded, her gaze never leaving his. Again, Peeta stepped closer, his eyes flitting down to her lips for the briefest moment as hers did the same. Katniss wet her lips in anticipation, hoping she was reading this correctly. Any doubt she had went out the window when, less than a second later, Peeta closed the distance between them. Taking two more steps to her, he took her face in his hands and brought their lips together in a fervent, searing kiss. She grabbed hold of his sport coat, fearing her knees would give out, and pulled him closer until only their clothes separated them. Their mouths moved in the most perfect rhythm as Katniss allowed her hands to explore Peeta's body. She felt like she had been kissing him her entire life, and she never wanted to stop. When they had to break for air, Peeta walked her backwards until her back hit the wall. She pulled him by the lapels of his jacket and resumed kissing him. He chuckled as he tried to catch his breath, but refused to miss out on a second of this newfound bliss. His hands traveled from her back to her hips down to her ass. A small moan escaped Katniss as their hips collided and the heat spread through her body like a wildfire. Just as she hitched her left leg around Peeta to bring them impossibly closer, the door swung open to reveal a very pleased, very drunk Johanna. Katniss stopped her movements but didn't release Peeta. "Fucking finally !" Johanna's boisterous voice bounced off the walls of the small, quiet office. Katniss, furious, huffed at her friend impatiently. "Brainless, we're outta here. Let's go!" Katniss dropped her leg and leaned her head back against the wall, but made no move to untangle herself from Peeta. He made no move either, and didn't seem at all bothered by Johanna's intrusion. Johanna exited, leaving the door wide open, and yelled back to them, as if it were an afterthought. "She has a three date rule, by the way!" Quickly pointing her finger and swiping it to slam the door, Katniss cursed at Johanna under her breath, making a mental note to hit her with something tomorrow. Meeting Peeta's eyes again, she began to apologize for Johanna's behavior when he silenced her with a kiss, this time gentle, sweet, and patient. "Don't apologize for her," he assured. "It's probably a good thing she came in. You know, three date rule and all." He winked and gave her her smile that was heart-warming and panty dropping at the same time. Katniss sighed as he took both of her hands in his and entwined their fingers, bringing one hand up and placing a kiss on her open palm. "Yeah…" Katniss agreed, albeit disappointed. "I guess." Peeta laughed. "Come on, Katniss. Three dates isn't so bad. We've waited over a year to even kiss. I'm sure you can make it through three dates." Katniss rolled her eyes at Peeta's words and tried her hide her smile with a scowl. She could feel his smile as he kissed her forehead. "Fine," she relented. "But tonight counts as date number one." Two dates later… Katniss inserted her key into the deadbolt of the front door to the house she, Johanna, and Prim rented together. Tonight was date number three and Katniss could barely contain her excitement. Earlier in the evening, she had suggested Prim and Johanna leave, but she was sure they didn't on account of them being nosy. When the door opened, Katniss heard the television on and spotted the light on in the kitchen. She cursed the girls for still being here; they would definitely pay for this. It wasn't a modesty issue as much as Katniss simply wanted Peeta to herself. "Hey lovebirds!" Johanna called from the living room. "Hi guys!" Prim chimed in. "Hi," Katniss called back, the irritation evident in her tone. She gave Peeta an " I'm sorry" look, to which he smiled and shook his head. He was so easy-going, friendly, and charming, he would've plopped between them on the couch and been content for the rest of the night. In fact, when they reached the living room, he sat in one of the oversized chairs, making himself at home. The three made polite conversation while Katniss looked on, her frustration growing. As Katniss' gaze lingered on Peeta for far too long, Johanna interrupted in the way only she can. "Jesus, Katniss! Stop undressing him with your eyes. He's not a piece of meat," she said in a tone that insinuated that's exactly what he was. "Please," Katniss scoffed. "If I wanted to undress him, I wouldn't be doing it with my eyes." Peeta grinned. With that, Katniss made a circular motion with her index finger and watched as the buttons on his charcoal gray button-down undid themselves one by one. Johanna cackled and Prim giggled as Peeta looked around in confusion, knowing Katniss had done something. She smiled coyly and nodded toward his shirt, which he realized was now half unbuttoned. "Well that's a new trick," he started laughing. He stopped when she grabbed hold of his tie and tugged on it for him to stand up. The electricity was back and she pulled him from the room by his tie. Once away from the prying eyes, she brought his lips to hers in a slow, lingering kiss. "Come on, Peeta." Katniss whispered, leading him up the stairs to her bedroom. "I think it's time that you show me some magic."