of Gatorade in hand. Their eyes meet. "Decided to stay in tonight too?" he says, and smiles warmly at her, as if she hadn't made a complete fool of herself hours before. "Yeah," she says shyly. He walks down the hall a few steps and pauses outside of the lounge. "Want the next game?" he says and nods towards the pool table. She hesitates. "Sure," she says, surprised when the word tumbles out of her mouth. He racks a game of Nine-ball and breaks when Katniss declines. The three ball goes in, so he lines up the shot for the one ball. He's not very good though, and the ball is deflected against a wall and away from any of the pockets. Katniss takes her turn, aligning the one ball with the nine, ending the game with a single stroke. "Well that was fun," he says dryly. "Sorry." "I was kind of hoping you'd be bad," he admits, bouncing the cue ball against the far wall of the table. "And you'd let me teach you." "Oh?" He blushes and shakes his head with a chuckle. "Wow, that sounded sort of misogynistic, didn't it?" He pauses, and when his eyes lock with hers they're clouded with a darkness she doesn't recognize. It takes her breath away. "It's this fantasy I have." "How–" her voice cracks. "How does it go?" He licks his lips, causing her stomach to clench. He rounds the pool table and extends his pool cue to her. "You, uh, you need help lining up your shot." He guides her to where the cue ball is. She positions the pool stick to take a shot by bending over the edge of the table, her backside connecting with his groin in the process. "Is this right?" she says over her shoulder. Peeta's eyes shut tightly and he lets out a groan. Instantly she feels him begin to harden against her, sending a surge of heat straight to her core. She swivels her hips against his experimentally, and he grips her waist to angle her movement over his erection. "And then I show you this trick," he says, and his voice is so low, it sounds like a different person. One hand slides down her arm placed on the table, and the other ghosts up her side and past her breast to her elbow. She shivers against the warmth of his chest, which has swallowed her completely with his body pressed against hers. He aligns her elbow so that it's high, and hangs like a pivot. "Now shoot straight," he murmurs into her ear. She releases the cue and it scratches the table, leaving a blue trail in the felt, but she doesn't care because his lips are hot on her neck, and his arm has wrapped around her waist to massage her breast, and he's thrusting against her and it all feels so deliriously good. "Is this what you think of, Katniss?" he says, dipping his hand between her legs where she touched herself for him before. Her elbow buckles and she collapses against the table, biting her lip to keep from screaming. "Yes," she whimpers. He slips his fingers beneath the waistband of her shorts and underwear, and her hips jerk back when she feels his finger sweep between her wet lips. "What was I doing to you in the shower today?" he says against her neck just as his finger plunges inside her. "Th – this." She shudders when he circles her throbbing clit. He presses more firmly. "Like this?" "Yes," she cries. "Yes." "What's another one of your fantasies?" She turns in his arms to face him and rolls onto her toes to keep in contact with the ministrations of his fingers. Her lips touch his and she kisses him hungrily, her tongue exploring every inch of his mouth. He begins to lift her onto the edge of the pool table, but she stills him, instead slipping his hand from her shorts and dropping to her knees. His jaw is agape, and he braces himself against the table when her hand tentatively touches his tented gym shorts. "You think about this?" he says, cheeks flushed and smile sheepish. She licks her lips and nods, then loosens the drawstring of his shorts to lower them down his hips, freeing his hardened cock. She flicks her tongue over the tip, and he groans his approval. She wraps her small hand around his shaft and closes her lips around his head, bobbing her head and pumping her hand in unison. One hand settles at the nape of her neck and he guides her movement, urging his cock more deeply into her mouth. She cups his sac in her other hand and massages him gently. "Shit, Katniss," Peeta hisses, tugging her hair roughly when his hand balls into a fist. His body becomes rigid and he frantically brushes her away. "Not yet," he says, his breath labored. "I don't want to come yet." She nods and rises when he gestures for her to stand. He hoists her onto the pool table and his lips find her throat, licking his way to the neckline of her tank top to the valley between her breast. He settles between her legs and thrusts against her shorts. "I want to be inside you so bad," he murmurs against her skin. And she nods wordlessly. It doesn't help, getting physical with him. Before, when she wasn't thinking about sex, she was almost functioning like a normal human being. Now when she isn't thinking about sex, she's having it. Madge teases her constantly. She bangs on the door whenever it's closed and shouts, "Are you decent?" so that everyone on the floor can hear. Peeta thinks it's funny, but Katniss is embarrassed by the attention. She never thought she'd be so fueled by her hormones. But when he hitches her legs over his shoulders and strokes her with his tongue, she's too drunk with lust to care.