traced the dark circles beneath her eyes. "You look tired," he said, concern creasing his brow. She leaned into his chest and allowed her eyes to flutter shut, just long enough for images of Marvel and Glimmer to flash behind her eyelids. Peeta tightened his arms around her, his lips pressing against her forehead, bringing her to ease in an instant. He guided her down the hallway towards her bedroom, and she let him strip her naked. She reveled in the way he touched her, the way he looked at her, like he couldn't see the monster hidden beneath the surface. He kissed along invisible scars, leaving the skin beneath it clean. "You felling better?" he asked when his hand slipped between her legs. She bit her lip and nodded furiously, moaning when he pushed into her. She lifted her hips to meet his thrusts when he picked up speed. Her only thought was of the delicious friction from where they were joined. When she closed her eyes now, she only saw fireworks. Peeta fell asleep shortly after, but Katniss still felt wired. She checked her phone to find that Haymitch had messaged her again, and remembered the ominous text he had sent earlier. Checking to make sure that Peeta was still sleeping, she padded down the hall and dialed Haymitch's number. "You rang?" she said. "I did," he said. "A couple times actually." She scoffed. "I was busy." "I bet," Haymitch said. "You want the good news or the bad news first?" "Let's start out on a good note. I'll take the bad," she said, checking over her shoulder to ensure Peeta hadn't followed her. "We have some competition." "Some kids clear the pharmacy of pseudoephedrine?" she said dryly. "They're calling him the Baker," he said and he didn't sound amused. "He's making orange glass. Looks just like yours." She rolled her eyes. "Sounds like a cheap imitation. Snow knows what he's getting with our product." "It's 100% pure." That didn't make sense. The only reason why their stuff was red was because of an impurity in their process. Haymitch had tested the clarity once and it was somewhere around 97%. "Then why is it orange?" "Because we've got some competition," he repeated. "He's dyeing it on purpose." Fine. They couldn't expect total domination of the Panem market forever. They'd have to get creative. "The good news then?" "This Baker isn't the only new friend joining the party," Haymitch said. She sighed heavily and pressed her palm against her forehead. "What color is there's?" "I don't know. What color is the DEA wearing these days?" Her eyes widened. They were in trouble now. "There's an agent on us?" she tried not to shout. She was struck with an idea and smiled wickedly. "You going to stick him on our new friend?" "If I can swing it." "Got any leads on him?" "That's where the good news comes in," and she could hear him chuckle. "Check your messages, sweetheart. He's cute," he said, his voice uncharacteristically playful. Katniss opened her e-mail and downloaded the attachment Haymitch had sent, nearly dropping her phone at the image staring back at her. Peeta Mellark, Special Agent A DEA agent. She had nearly a pound of crystal meth in her jacket and a DEA agent sleeping in her bed. She looked up the hallway towards her darkened bedroom door. It was eerily silent, even with the blood rushing through her ears. She had to get rid of the drugs. She had to get rid of him. His coat was thrown over hers on the dining room chair and when she tossed it aside, something slipped from his pocket. His badge. And something else. She picked up the small dime bag, holding it up to the light to find a packet of perfectly clear, orange crystals. "Katniss?" She could hear his footsteps moving down the hallway, his voice still tired with sleep. She began to panic, diving towards the bread drawer where her gun was hidden. Peeta stood at the edge of the room. His eyes landed on the drugs on the table and then at the gun pointed at him. "What's going on?" "Who are you?" she demanded. "Katniss," he said calmly. "Put the gun down." " Who are you? " He picked up the bag of Firecracker to inspect it. "Where did you get this?" She shifted her weight from foot to foot, her throat too dry to speak. "You selling it?" There was way too much to pass as a user. She tried to nod but couldn't. "Did you make this?" he asked, his eyes widening. "You don't get to ask the questions," she said, flicking the safety and clicking a bullet into the chamber. He laughed and shook his head in disbelief. "You're the fire girl, aren't you?" He dropped the bag onto the table. "Shit." "What about you?" she said. She waved the gun at him, urging him to meet her eye, which he did easily. He wasn't afraid of her at all, and it was driving her crazy. "Are you DEA? Or are you the Baker?" "The Baker?" he chuckled. "About time." He pinched the dime bag of orange crystals and held it up to the light. "Pretty good, huh? I don't get why they call it cooking. It's a chemical reaction. That's baking, right?" She didn't answer. "No offense, but you're stuff –?" He pointed to the firecracker. "That? It's pretty amateur." "That batch was a dud," she said flatly. "Oh, no, I've seen it plenty. Pehnylacetone reduction, right?" She hesitated to nod. "You're cooking too hot. You could have saved this." She narrowed her eyes. "What are you doing?" "Giving you some tips." "Why?" "I want you to work for me." He took a few tentative steps towards her to make sure she wouldn't shoot. "I can help you, Katniss." Her finger quivered over the trigger. One squeeze and all her current problems would be solved. "How?"