of this unlit room I can only just make out a small smile, so I sigh, knowing my question was already answered. After a moments silence he exhales, takes his hands out of his pockets, and taps them on his thighs, "Well, this is your room." He edges over to the door and I lean against the frame in order to let him pass through. "Yeah, thanks." Tapping his hand on my door frame, he pauses in the corridor, looking as though he still has something to say, but he just shakes his head and tells me, "I think you can pretty much do anything you want, Trixy'll call you in the morning, if you want you can go back to sleep." I've completely lost track of the time, or I don't care. "How long was I asleep for?" "Only a couple of minutes," his eyes perused my face, "are you alright?" I don't understand this question. Firstly, it's ridiculous to suggest that either of us are alright, despite his cool countenance, and secondly, this approach is contrariwise to everything I've seen of his personality so far. "Stupid question I know, it's just, Johanna really must've unleashed something on you earlier." I watch his eyes as they study my cheek, they keep catching the reflection of the spotlights that streak the centre of the hallway's ceiling. It's incredible the amount of power those eyes have on me, like laser beams healing and dulling the pain in my face. I don't realise how long we're standing in that doorway until I feel the warmth of his hand hovering by my face and I flinch away from it. The action was automatic; I don't feel comfortable with this stranger being suddenly intimate. He pulls back his hand and folds it behind his back with its pair before looking angry with himself and turning his head to look down the corridor behind me. "Yeah, how comes you're all buddies already?" This is something that has been bothering me ever since I saw them enter as a trio into the dining room carriage. He laughs and brings his chin closer to his chest. "We're not, believe me. I still can't believe she did that. I could tell she was a bitch, but that's a bit much." He nods at the mark on my face. I shake my head. "I don't think her and Talon get on somehow." "Well, that's only part of it, she was mainly annoyed because you destroyed her whole plan by crying all over Panem's screens..." I knew the nice guy act wouldn't last. Already, I could feel the heat creeping up my neck and surrounding my eyes. "You - wait, so, what was her plan then?" The more I keep talking, the less opportunity there is for my eyes to overflow and my throat to close up. "I don't really know if there's any point in telling you." A smirk crosses his lips as he raises an eyebrow. "Of course there is, I could probably, maybe... still do it?" My pitch increases as I begin to doubt myself already. I guess I'm not going to get this information from Johanna so Lorcan's the next best thing. He seems to be able to handle himself well, he has so far. "Err, she wanted someone like her I guess. Not how she acted in her games, which by the way is what she thought you were doing, up until you carried on being a sap in front of her." I could feel them quivering in my eye, any moment now and I'd continue to cry on those screens, I'm sure all of these rooms and compartments have cameras in. "What I heard Talon saying to her was, 'it's too late for the temptress idea then?' "This was unexpected, even from Johanna. I could imagine she'd wanted a strong tribute, but a temptress? Clearly she was looking for some gorgeous buxom blonde to power her way through everything by persuading all of the male district tributes to ally with her. She has me instead. "So, what does that mean, she thought having a tribute that acts like a tart would've been a victor in the making?" I'm impressed by the sarcasm that drips off of my words. So Johanna wants the equivalent female tribute of what she'd described as 'having an advantage', having the boys 'eating out of their palm'. "When you say it like that, it sounds stupid," Yes, I think, it does. "But this is Johanna, it was probably just one characteristic of her ideal tribute. When she saw she'd got you instead of her own miracle model, you and all your sob story complete with actual sobbing... You can imagine how pissed that would make someone like Johanna." I hate this, I hate Johanna, I hate her plans and I hate Lorcan. "Well, I'm sorry then." I stare at a particularly dark spot by the foot of my bed and push myself harder into the door frame, I'd like to be further away from Lorcan but I guess I'm trying to make a stand. It's all I can do not to burst into tears anyway. It seems he's read my mind because he finally relieves himself of the other side of the door frame, walks into his own room and calls across the narrow corridor. "Right, okay, I better go then, get some beauty sleep and stuff." I continue staring, blinking every few seconds still fighting to keep the tears at bay. Why is he hovering? Just leave already. "If it's any consolation, I think she's wrong. You could pull it off, even with the bruise." The anger and upset isn't enough to keep that flicker of a grin from invading my lips. Out of the corner of my eye I'm sure I see him wink, he isn't being sweet, he's being Lorcan, he's playing, I've figured him out. He won't fool me, no matter how blue his eyes are.