His father gave him a pitying smile before excusing himself to take a break upstairs. Peeta continued the work of frosting cookies in silence with his brother. They continued quietly for an hour or so when the brothers heard a light rap on the back door. Peeta raised an eyebrow at Clyde. "Where's Mom?" Knowing who it was at the door. "Took Robbie to Mrs. Darven's. I think she wanted to set him up with Mary. She said she'd be gone all day." He shrugged. Peeta made for the back door, wiping his hands on his apron more to keep them from shaking than trying to get them clean. He opened the door to find Katniss on his porch with the Hawthorne boy slightly behind her. She looked up when the door opened and she gave him a quizzical look. "Where's your dad?" She asked. "He's taking a break." He answered automatically. "Show me what you brought and I'll get ask him what he wants to trade." She raised her dark eyebrows at him. "Why not just get him so I can show him myself?" Peeta sighed and waved her in. She didn't move from the porch. "It's cold out there. You guys can come in while I get Dad, my mom will gone all day." They looked skeptical, but came in to stand just inside the door. Peeta called up the stairs for his dad and waited by the back door around their guests. His eyes roamed to Katniss more often than not, but he couldn't bring himself to talk to her. When the bell rang in the storefront, Peeta glanced ruefully towards it. He didn't want to leave the room if Katniss was there, but someone needed to help the customer. "Don't worry, I got it." Clyde said, giving Peeta a suggestive waggle of his eyebrows as he passed. Peeta swatted at him with the back of his hand and cried out when his injured hand made contact with his shoulder. He'd forgotten about his injury. "What happened to your hand?" Peeta jerked his head around at her voice, stunned that she was actually speaking to him. He gaped at her for a moment before flashing her a hesitant smile. "I, uh, messed up the rolls." He laughed. Both Katniss and the Hawthorne boy- Gale, Peeta remembered- just stared at him. He held up his hand for them to see and tried to explain, smiling. "Mom didn't appreciate my contribution to dinner last night. She's uh, surprisingly quick for her age and stature." Katniss twisted her face into a disgusted frown and for a frightening second, he thought she was disgusted with him. "You're mom hit you?" He nodded with a grim smile. "For messing up the bread?" She asked incredulously. "Yep." He answered cheerfully. "Welcome to my lovely family." He added sarcastically. She gave him a look just as Hawthorne- Gale, he reminded himself- started laughing hysterically. He replayed what he'd said in his mind and blanched. God, he thought, could I be any more pathetic? He decided to move to the worktable and continue decorating the cake someone had ordered for a birthday. His dad was sure taking his good old time getting down the stairs. Katniss wandered over to where he was working and inspected his work. He could feel her hovering beside him and it made it difficult to concentrate. He set his pastry bag down and turned to face her. She was much closer than he'd originally thought. She started when their eyes met. He smiled at her and he could see her cheeks color slightly. "Prim likes to look at the cakes when we come into town." She explained defensively. "I've never seen anyone actually make one." His smile widened. "I do all the cakes. Most of the cookies, too." Just then his dad thundered down the stairs and Peeta cursed inwardly. This is the most he's ever spoken to Katniss and he was really enjoying it. "Katniss! Gale!" His father greeted as he approached. "What did you bring for me today?" "Got a couple squirrels, Mr Mellark," Gale answered, leading him to the porch. Katniss followed and Peeta's mood went with her. It was a good fifteen minutes before his dad came back in. He looked up and was surprised to see Katniss close behind. His father shrugged his shoulders, "Forgot the money. Stay here, Katniss, while I go grab some coins. Peeta, why don't you wrap up a few cookies for her to take with her. I saw her eyeing the yellow ones." He winked as he passed and Peeta felt his face heat. Katniss was looking to him expectantly and he made his way to the tray of cookies waiting to go into the display cases. He waved her over to join him, grabbing a bag and flipping it open. "Which ones do you want?" He asked cheerfully. Her eyes widened as she looked at the selection. "How many can I have?" She asked softly. "Uh…" He scratched his head, unsure how many his father intended to give away. "Three." His father answered from the door. He made his way over to Katniss and handed her a few coins. "That one squirrel was pretty big." "Okay." She said and she pointed to a couple for Peeta to place in the bag. She seemed to hesitate on the remaining and Peeta suggested his favorite, excluding that the reason was that the flower it was inspired by would look good in her dark hair. By the time she left, Peeta was feeling a little light headed. And giddy. He suddenly felt like being with Katniss wasn't such an impossible feat. He could imagine being her friend and tried to conjure up images of her laughing with him as he worked in the bakery. His father gave him an encouraging smile before returning upstairs. Clyde returned to the back and the day went on as normal. Although, Peeta's mood was considerably brighter.