his eyes turn shiny as glass. "Killing, to get what you want. I'll never understand it." She leans forward and kisses him then. It's soft, and tender, and loving, oh so loving. She wants to protect him. To scare away his daemons, and when she feels his mouth open to hers, she thinks that maybe she can. Things get serious pretty quickly. Katniss joins the Mellarks for Thanksgiving dinner, and for Christmas Peeta gives her a gold locket after having dinner with her family. She thinks she may marry him, but she never says those types of things out loud. Her mother works on New Years Eve, and Prim rather spend it with her friends, leaving Katniss with the house to herself. She lights a cliched number of candles and sneaks a bottle of champagne from the cellar, reasoning that she's twenty years old and allowed a taste of rebellion every now and then. Peeta laughs at her when he sees the set up. "If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were trying to seduce me," he teases. She's already had a glass of champagne – and she had drank it quickly to help soothe her nerves, so she giggles and speaks a bit more brazenly than usual. "Maybe I am," she says. He still uses his cane, but doesn't rely on it nearly as much as he used to. He discards it by the door in a swift motion and quickly wraps his arms around her so that she's pressed tightly against him. They kiss like this often. An overwhelming passion that she can't help but get lost in. But the focus is always on her, and on the rare occasion that he allows for her to reciprocate, he only unbuttons his pants and pushes them as far down his hips as necessary. She worries that he's ashamed, wishes for a way to show him that she loves every part of him. She guides him towards the couch and he slumps down gracelessly in the middle of the plush cushions, opening his arms to her eagerly in anticipation. Instead she drops to her knees before him, and a wicked grin crosses his lips, but falters when she reaches for his shoelaces rather than the target he was hoping for. She removes his right sneaker first, to reveal a white socked foot, and then the left sneaker, which slips off easily over the metal flipper. His breath catches when she sits up to unbutton his slacks. "Katniss," he warns, his voice tight and nearly trembling, but he lifts his hips anyway when she begins to tug them down. She's worked them to his knees when he frantically covers her hands with his to still her. "Please," he says. "I don't want you to see me this way." His face is close enough to kiss him, and she does, until his hands slacken above hers and his pants are pooled around his ankles. There's a strap that clamps around his thigh to hold the saddle of his prosthetic in place, and she unfastens it with trembling fingers, knowing that he is watching her with bated breath. It doesn't budge when she goes to remove it, and she's startled when his hands again cover hers. "Let me," he says. He tips it gently upward to release the suctioned air and carefully pulls the false leg from the natural remaining part of his thigh. Before he'd gotten his prosthetic, she'd only seen him in sweatpants or slacks with the pant leg pinned. It doesn't look any different than she imagined it would. His leg starts at his hip like any other leg, extends to his thigh and then just stops. The skin is shiny and puckered around the stump, and she runs her fingers over the smooth, taught scars. "Does it hurt?" she asks when he flinches. "It gets sore, yes, if I wear the fake one for too long," he says. "It mostly tickles right now." She leans forward to pepper light kisses along his leg and he chuckles nervously. "Do you want me to stop?" she asks. "No, keep going," he says tightly. "What are you thinking about?" she says right before her tongue darts out to trace along his scars. His skin is salty and faintly metallic tasting from the prosthetic. "That if I knew it would get me the girl of my dreams, I would have lost my leg a long time ago," he says. "Stop it," she says, and smacks him playfully. "I mean it," he says, and his tone is so earnest that it throws her off guard. "When I got back from the Gulf, everyone treated me like I was this broken thing. I felt like a chore. But then at the party, when everyone was fussing all over me, I saw you, and you smiled at me, and I don't know," he frowns and bows his head. "I didn't feel so broken anymore." He lifts her chin with his hand and leans forward so that their noses are nearly touching. "Even before that Katniss. Back in high school when you barely even noticed me." "That's not true," she says with a sense of urgency. He shakes his head. "Whenever I caught your eye," he continues, "I don't know. I just had the feeling that you understood me." "Why don't you paint anymore?" she asks suddenly, as if it's a question that has been burdening her. He grins and kisses her firmly. "I like you, Katniss," he says, just as he did the first time he came to see her. "In fact, I like you so much, I think I'm in love with you." She climbs into his lap to kiss him thoroughly. "I love you too," she says. She doesn't think she'll marry Peeta Mellark anymore, because she knows that she will. And on the day that he asks her, six months later, she doesn't have to respond, she only has to smile.