didn't you say anything?" She looked away, ashamed. "Because I didn't know what to do. You know I'd sworn off all of this long before I met you. And, honestly, from the beginning you were different, but everything… changed that night." "How so?" he inquired. "That night…" She still refused to meet his eyes. "That night I just knew I wanted you. That I wanted more, and that you would be worth the risk," she spit out quickly, before she lost the nerve to say it. Willing herself to take a leap of faith and allow herself a minute of bravery, she continued. "In high school I liked to have fun with my magic and do silly things and try to be carefree, but once we moved out of Twelve, I kind of shut down. Around here, it seems like everyone has something to say about witches or vampires or whatever—especially the Everdeens. After a while, it wore me down and I stopped loving it and I stopped having fun. You brought me back from that. You made me love my powers again and it was like the world had righted itself." Peeta did not answer right away, but Katniss searched his face for a response. She saw what was probably the brightest smile to grace his beautiful features since she'd known him. He brought his hand to her face, brushing his thumb along her bottom lip and up to her cheek. "Since the first time you walked into this bar, all I've wanted was to make you smile. I forgive you. We have each other now." Katniss nodded emphatically at his words. After a moment of hesitation, he continued, "Has it been worth the risk so far?" Katniss' hands trailed up Peeta's neck and held his face as if it were as fragile and valuable as a precious gem. "More than worth it," she responded, meaning it with every fiber of her being. She pulled his face to hers, kissing him slowly and sweetly; a kiss that promised her words were true and her feelings were real. "So tell me the exact moment you knew," Peeta said, squeezing her side to make her jump just a little in his lap. She pushed him away, knowing he was teasing; his effort to lighten the mood was an obvious attempt to make her more comfortable. Katniss couldn't have felt more grateful to find sweet, charming, considerate Peeta. "Knew what?" Katniss played dumb. "Oh, you knoooow…" Peeta suggested, wiggling in his seat as he raised his eyebrows in a challenge. "You're never gonna let it go, are you?" Katniss sighed with mock exasperation. "I say a few nice things to you and it goes all to your head!" "Nope! At least not for a while," he laughed as she rolled her eyes. "Maybe when you tell me you love me, oh…ten years down the line." His joking about such a serious matter made Katniss feel at ease instantly. "Well I guess you'll never know, will you?" she said with a playful air of finality. Releasing a dramatic sigh with a pout, he returned, "No, I guess not." Peeta smiled and pressed a kiss to Katniss' forehead, pouring all his love and devotion into it. "You're pretty amazing, you know?" he stated, despite adding a question at the end. Katniss looked away as her cheeks warmed, still not immune to Peeta's sweet and romantic side. "I feel like I've heard that one before," she teased, returning her gaze to his. "But I think you are pretty amazing." She returned the gesture, kissing his forehead. Peeta rolled his eyes at Katniss, making her giggle because it was so out of character for him. "Did you just roll your eyes at me?" She asked, playfully smacking his chest. "Only doing what you do 90 percent of the time we're together, sweetheart," he replied with a smirk. "That's not a very nice thing to say, Mellark," Katniss said, adjusting her position so she was straddling him again. Pointing her right index finger to the door, she swiped left to ensure it was locked. "It's still locked." "Just checking," she smiled, leaning it to kiss him, but pulling back at the very last second. "I think maybe I need to teach you a lesson for all your sass lately." "Mmm, I hope so," he came back with, sounding giddy. Peeta pulled Katniss close and wrapped his arms firmly around her, knowing she wouldn't fight him. He was positive she wanted this—all of this—just as much as he did. While they sat in comfortable silence, Peeta's words from earlier struck her, " Prim loves me. At least one Everdeen loves me ." She played with the curls at the nape of his neck. Katniss' gaze followed her fingers as they caressed his features. His eyes drifted closed as she traced his hairline, down the strong line of his jaw, coming to rest at his lips. Their breathing was the only sound in the room and the warm air escaping his lips steamed the pads of her fingers. His long blonde lashes cast a shadow beneath his eyes, drawing her to outline his left eyebrow. The tickle of his heavy lids fluttering open startled her slightly, and her breath caught in her throat as he pinned her with his stunning sapphire gaze. Gathering all of her courage, Katniss spoke up, needing to get out the words before she had a chance to stop herself. "Peeta?" "Yes, babe?" He asked softly. Looking into his eyes, "You know that two Everdeens love you, right?" Peeta beamed as he brought her in for a long, heated kiss. Between the smile on his face and the happiness in her eyes, Katniss knew that taking this chance with Peeta was most definitely worth the risk. They both knew there was always a chance the odds wouldn't be in their favor, but spending their time like this—together—was a far better choice than spending it apart.