be beneficial to her team's mission. "I'll take care of it," he said with a wink. "One of the perks." "Perks?" she questioned. She wasn't sure if she felt more brazen because she thought she was genuinely doing her job well, or if she just enjoyed flirting with him. "What is it again that you do?" He chuckled, and his finger lazily drew patterns on the white tablecloth. "I'm a patriot." "Is that what they call it?" she asked, leaning across the table to speak with discretion. She knew exactly what Peeta's job as a Capitol spy entailed. Finnick Odair had been a spy for them for years before joining Thirteen's cause. He said most of his work was done between the sheets, when the target was sated and delirious with pleasure. "People will say anything to keep you between their legs," Finnick had told her. "That's surprising, given the job description," she said. He set his jaw and inspected her suspiciously. "I'm very passionate," he said evenly. He shifted to mirror her position across the table, their fingertips brushing, and their eyes locked challengingly. "Look, Katniss, why don't we stop beating around the bush. You know what I do, and I know exactly what you're trying to do right now." She wasn't ready to admit defeat yet. "And what am I doing?" "You work with Delly, don't you?" he said, slouching against the back of his chair. His finger was tracing patterns along the tablecloth again, and his grin had fallen to something that expressed disappointment. "I sort of figured, when you first started contacting me. You didn't even acknowledge that I existed when we went to school together. I guess I kind of hoped it was real. The connection." Katniss felt a pang of guilt in her chest. They had grown somewhat close through their online correspondence. Shared rather intimately personal details about one another. Things she'd never even told Gale, her closest friend. She'd felt unnaturally at ease around him. Internet him anyway. Even in person she sort of relaxed around him. He was just as wounded and guarded as she was at times, yet charming and genuinely sweet. She had never chosen to acknowledge her growing affinity for him out loud, but knowing that it had been compromised — all for a job. She worried her lower lip between her teeth before lifting her gaze to him. "Peeta, I'm —" He chortled at her distress. "You really are an amateur at this." She scowled. "Delly wasn't thinking," he continued. His voice much harsher than it was before. "Pegging you on me, of all people? She thought because I had a hard on for you in high school, that I'd be putty in your hands." "Delly's your friend, Peeta," she said. "Don't you trust her? If she's siding with the Separatists, don't you ever wonder if maybe the Loyalists are wrong?" "And you think your movement is so noble?" he countered, setting his jaw. "Have you ever questioned what exactly it is that you're fighting for?" "Then why did you let Delly go? Why not turn her in?" Content with her rebuttal, Katniss reached for her water glass and took an easy sip. "I've got my reasons," he said. "I just don't make a show of it like you do." This piqued her interest. Was Peeta working for someone outside the Capitol? "Yeah? And what do you plan on doing with me?" "I haven't decided yet," he said, after a moment of consideration. "I'd say torture, but I think you'd like it too much." She narrowed her eyes at him, and he laughed far too playfully. His posture changed, and his eyes darkened as he leaned across the table. "You've still got secrets to tell Katniss, and I haven't made you sing." The pads of his fingers touched her cheek, causing her breath to hitch in the back of her throat. She was frozen. Unable to move or breathe on her own accord, she leaned eagerly into his touch. "There are people listening," she finally managed to say. "And you think they're going to rescue you?" he said. "I know for a fact that you can't hear them anymore, your ear piece is wedged somewhere in the rubber of my boot like a bug. And have you even bothered to check your vantage points for backup, because I assure you that they're no longer there." Her eyes flitted to the bar and across the lounge towards the piano, where Finnick and Gale were supposed to be stationed. Both positions were empty, and Katniss admonished herself for not checking sooner. "What are you going to do to me?" she asked again, but her voice was dreamy, trapped in a daze. Her eyes fell to the glass of water and back to him. "There's nothing in the water," he assured her, and to prove it, finished the glass himself. His hand touched her cheek again and he traced lazy with his thumb, as he had done with the table cloth before. "What do you want me to do to you Katniss?" "Let me go," she said, but even she didn't believe the words when they tumbled from her mouth. "I don't think you want that," he said, shaking his head. "Show me," she said shakily. "Show me how you think you'll get my secrets." His grin widened and he dipped his finger between her breasts, wrapping the wire around the tip before pulling it taught. "If your friends at the bureau are looking for information, I'm afraid my lips will be occupied for the rest of the night. Unless they want to listen to what you have to say. But I think they already know my name." He stood from the table to help her from her seat, and momentarily had to catch himself against his chair, slightly dazed by his stumble. Katniss smirked as she followed him from the restaurant. She had him exactly where she wanted him.