bundle when the cannon sounds. Her heart sinks in her chest and the fear is so real, she's paralyzed. "Peeta!" she shouts. She finds him where she left him. His fingers are stained the color of Nightlock, but the cannon wasn't for him, it was for the fox faced girl from District Five. She lays lifelessly beside Peeta's jacket, her skin pale and her lips purple. "She must have eaten them," Peeta says. "I told you not to pick Nightlock, Peeta!" she says. Her heart is still beating too fast and she feels dizzy. She braces herself against a tree, and falls into his arms when he reaches to comfort her. "It's okay," he whispers into her hair. Her eyes are unfocused because of the tears that cloud them. She stares at the girl from Five and her lifeless eyes. Then to the jacket. Peeta had been picking wine berries, but there isn't a pile for them, just a heaping pile of Nightlock. Realization strikes her. "You knew she was following us, didn't you?" "I suspected it," he says. She steps out of his arms, backing away from him with careful steps. "It was a trap." "I knew you wouldn't eat the berries." She shakes her head. "You killed her." She feels sick again. "Just like Glimmer." "Katniss..." he says, his voice too gentle for someone so cruel. She reaches for an arrow from her quiver and holds it to her bow. "You know how the Games work, Katniss. Not everybody gets to go home, and I'm not taking my chances. It's us or them." She laughs at this. "There's no us in the end," she says. "It's you or them, me included. What are you going to do after the 22nd cannon sounds?" He looks away. "I haven't figured that out yet." She keeps the tip of her arrow aimed towards the ground, but she's ready to shoot him in a second if she has to. "What about you?" he says. "You're the one with the bow. What are you going to do with me?" She drops her arrow back in its quiver and collects the berries from the ground - the Nightlock too, although she isn't sure why. She kills Cato. He's the last tribute left besides them, and the three of them are chased by mutts towards the cornucopia for the grand finale. Cato is bigger than both of them, but he's wounded from fighting Thresh, and hungry from being without food. Peeta manages to overpower him until a mutt catches his leg, ripping into his calf. Cato holds Peeta dangerously close to the edge of the cornucopia, using him as a shield. "I'll make it easy for you," Cato tells her tauntingly. "A two for one deal." She has her arrow trained on him. She could hit Peeta first, then Cato with time to spare. She can win. She's going to win. She hesitates to let her arrow fly, and when it does, it pierces Cato right in the eye. He falls from the cornucopia for the mutts to take him away. The 22nd cannon sounds, leaving her face to face with her final rival. Peeta doesn't even have a weapon, and he can't stand on his own with the fresh wound in his leg. "Come on, Katniss," he encourages her. "Aren't you ready to go home?" Survive, Katniss, survive. Her father's words still echo in her ears. But how can she now? Every second of her life she'll be haunted by this moment. She can't take away the life of the boy who saved hers. She can't kill the boy that she's loved her whole life. Her hands tremble when she knocks her bow. She holds her breath to trap the sob that threatens to rip through her chest. The tears that cloud her eyes make it too difficult to aim. He staggers towards her, practically dragging his leg behind him. "Please, do it," he says, pushing the tip of the arrow into his chest where his heart is. "Do it Katniss." The arrow goes limp and she drops the bow before falling into his arms. "I can't," she says. "I can't." "I'm not going to make it much longer," he says. He winces, unable to stand for another moment and collapses against the cornucopia. "Do me a favor, put me out of my misery." She falls to her knees beside him to inspect his wound. It's bad. Deep. Blood spurts from it, indicating that it's probably an artery. "You need a tourniquet," she says, frantically searching through her supplies. "I need to die," he says, stilling her struggle. He tips up her chin, forcing her to look at him, and then they're kissing desperately. She presses her forehead against his and chokes back another sob. "Let me stop the bleeding," she says. "I'm not ready to let you go yet." She looks through her backpack for a piece of rope, but pauses when her fingers wrap around the bundle of Nightlock. If Peeta can get to a doctor soon, they can save him. She can't keep him alive much longer. She fills her palm with berries and brings them to her lips. "Katniss, stop!" Peeta pulls her hand away. "I'm not leaving here without you," he tells her. Their eyes meet and an unspoken agreement is made. He kisses her one last time with cold lips, slipping some of the berries from her hand as he pulls away. If both of them can't live, than neither of them will. Her eyes don't leave his as she presses the Nightlock past her lips. "I love you," she wants to tell him, but he must already know. "Wait! Wait!" The voice of Claudius Templesmith echos through the arena. They both spit the berries from their mouth and look up in surprise. "The Victors of the 74th Annual Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark!" I'm on tumblr at absnow if you ever want to drop by.