breath. If he stopped to acknowledge her reaction, he wasn't sure if he would be able to continue. He went on to explain the way his mother treated all three of her sons, although it seemed that Peeta had always taken the brunt of her mental and physical abuse. Katniss was horrified as Peeta recalled the injuries he suffered at the hand of his mother, including the time he had to get five staples in his head when his mother hit him with a rolling pin. It infuriated Katniss and she wondered why no one ever helped him or his brothers. Not wanting interrupt she held her questions back; giving him the same respect he extended to her when she opened up to him. Releasing a defeated chuckle, Peeta said, "The worst part is that everyone knew what she was doing to us, and no one did a damn thing about it." "How can people stand by and watch that happen?" She choked out. "No one was going to believe a worthless child like me, Katniss. Especially over someone like my mother." When the gravity of what he said actually hit her, her nurturing instinct tugged at her heart, and the desire to pull the damaged, but wonderful boy into a hug was overwhelming. "Peeta…" she started. Cutting her off, Peeta continued. "It's easy to feel responsible for the behavior of the ones we love, but Haymitch's actions aren't your burden to bear." Lifting her downcast eyes and finally facing him, she answered him, "Neither are your mother's." Breaking several minutes' worth of silence, Katniss finally said, "Haymitch is really the only one I have left that cares." Startled, Peeta asked, "How do you mean?" Before she could change her mind, she rattled out, "My father died when I was eleven." Katniss told Peeta about her mother checking out of her life after her father's death. She spelled out in detail the way Haymitch had taken it upon himself to support Katniss and Prim and all he had done over the course of their lives. "Without him, I don't know how Prim and I would have survived," she finished. He acknowledged her admission with a nod, knowing there was nothing he could say that would change anything. Kicking at a pebble with the toe of his shoe, Peeta searched for a way to end their awkward silence. They could either delve deeper into their dark pasts, or move forward. Choosing to move forward, he asked, "So…um…can I take you out some time?" Peeta's unexpected question had her snapping her head up. The realization that he felt the same pull between them that she did, made her feel hopeful and excited at the prospect of having something more. "No," she answered. The immediate disappointment on his face tugged at her heart. "No, but there is somewhere I'd like to take you, if that's okay?" Peeta let out a relieved chuckle, gave her the shy grin she loved, and said, "Yeah. I guess that's okay." "It's getting pretty late," Katniss realized. "I should probably get going." "Yeah." He held her car door open for her but before she could sit, he grabbed her hand and said, "Katniss, Haymitch isn't the only one you have left that cares." The sun was shining and the first signs of spring were appearing as Katniss lead the way through the woods for the second time this year. Despite Peeta's heavy footfalls behind her, the woods held a sense of peace she had been struggling to find since Prim's death. "Are we there yet?" Peeta repeated the same question he'd been asking for over an hour. With a roll of her eyes, Katniss said, "Peeta, you'll know when we get there. Stop asking." She tried to hold in her chuckle when she heard him mumbling about ruining his new Nike's and how their trek had better be worth it. "I can hear you snickering up there, Katniss. Stop laughing at me," he whined. The woods were definitely not his element, but the mud seeping between his toes was worth it to see Katniss in hers. "Shit!" Katniss let out a rumble of laughter when she heard the squishing noise behind her, "I told you to wear boots." Leading the way through the dense forest, Katniss lengthened her strides, hearing their destination before they actually reached it. Turning to face Peeta, who was still a few yards behind her, she watched as he slowed his pace. "Why are we stopping?" He asked. "Look," she answered with a sweeping gesture of her arm. Closing the distance between them, Peeta gasped as the green valley turned into a crystal blue lake surrounded by a few trees with vines dangling from their branches. With his mouth gaping open and closed, as though he was searching for something to say but couldn't find the words, Katniss took his hand and led him to the large rock that had always been reserved for her and Prim. "My dad used to bring me here as a kid, then I brought Prim. I used to love it here." Peeta asked, "Used to?" "It hasn't been the same since Prim died," she answered. "I'd like it to be good again." A part of her heart melted when she felt Peeta squeeze her hand. They sat quietly staring over the great expanse. The comfortable silence between them had returned. With Peeta by her side, Katniss felt a sense of peace she hadn't experienced in quite some time. From the corner of her eye she could see Peeta staring appreciatively over the lake and admiring the sun. In that moment, she couldn't help but feel grateful that Haymitch didn't shut the fuck up. Author's Notes: Thank you Miss J for all of your guidance and wisdom. I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you also to Mace and Shannon for the giving me the courage and support to do this. Love you. Follow me on tumblr: abbythebear