than an hour later Katniss exits her inner sanctum dressed and ready for brunch to find her secretary, Clove, and Johanna waiting for her. Johanna's short spiky hair is wet and her clothes are clean indicating that she has showered and changed as well. "Good morning, your Royal Highness" Clove greets her with her no-nonsense efficient attitude that Katniss thoroughly appreciates. "Her Majesty has asked me to inform you that the eldest Lord Hawthorne has been informed that he is not welcome at brunch this morning. And that she has requested that the Earl and Countess deal with his inappropriate manners before he is allowed to accompany the Princess Royale during the remaining time that the Hawthorne family is in attendance at summer court." "Shhhiiitt" Katniss breathes out, "Mom really laid it down. What happened after I left mom and came up here?" She flops down onto a couch waving her hand casually, a gesture that her staff is familiar with, it means get comfortable, no formalities. "Oh my god Katniss you should have seen it", Clove starts talking her posture relaxing and a smile flashing on her face. "Not long after you left your mom, Prim and Hazelle in the sitting parlor, Gale burst into the palace calling out that dreadful nickname like he was in some common boarding house. He ran right past your mom, not greeting her at all, and up the stairs that lead to the Royal Apartments like he lives here. You should have seen the look on his face when he found Cato at your door; I have it on tape if you want to see it." Clove's laugh rings out as she relays the story, "brilliant move on your part. We all know how much he hates Cato." "And how much I hate him" the booming voice proceeds him as Cato enters the receiving room, taking in the relaxed and casual manner following the lead of the other staff. His comment causes Katniss to giggle before she motions with a hand wave for Clove to continue the story. "After several attempts of Gale trying to enter your apartment, I stepped out and requested that he follow me and informed him that you were at your toilette. I then turned to Cato and requested that he help me escort Lord Hawthorne from the Royal Family's Private Apartments to a more suitable location." "OH MY GOD, you did not!" pulling her legs up to her chest and hugging them Katniss rolls onto her side giggling harder than before. "OH MY GOD, she totally did" Cato says in a voice affecting that of a teenage girl while mimicking Katniss's pose, which instantly has everyone laughing. "You can lay it down just like my mom, you are AWESOME!" Katniss beams at Clove. Clove composes her laughing and continues her story, "so when we get downstairs, your mother is interrogating the remainder of the hunting party as to what happened out there. Apparently she had already spoken to your dad and Uncle and was just starting to interrogate Johanna when we entered the room. The Earl then immediately started berating Gale as if the Queen was not in their presence, as if his son's behavior wasn't embarrassing enough. Until your mother silenced everyone and had Jo continue the story. When Jo got to the part where Gale had told you 'I know Moravia and I think the people would be happy with me as their King', your mother just stopped the inquisition." "I have never seen your mother that mad Katniss" Jo butt in, "I swear I thought she was going to have Cato break Gale's neck with his bare hands right then and there." "I can do it too" Cato interrupts proudly, "I know 15 ways to kill a man with my bare hands and 5 with a straw." "Yeah yeah we all know, Alexander Cato, highest score ever at the academy in hand to hand combat." Jo parrots at him in annoyance. "Hey" Cato pouts, Katniss knows he takes his job very seriously and is even sensitive about it. "Alexander Cato, my number one hero" Katniss swoons at him batting her eyelashes in an overdramatic manner. "That's right" Cato puffs out recovering his ego quickly, "my Princess can trust me with her life." "All right, you big baby" Jo jumps in her voice full of laughter, "let Clove finish the story." "Well your mom looked at Gale with that look, you know the look. The one that makes you hang your head in shame and make you wish she would just yell at you, or hope for a dungeon or torture chamber or something, because anything is better than being on the receiving end of that stare." Clove continues trying to mimic 'the stare'. "Oh yeah" Katniss agrees, "That stare sucks. I think the last time I got that stare was when she caught me in my bedroom making out with Hoops." "We all got that stare for allowing Hoops in your room. The protocol we break for your non-existent love life…" Jo states pointedly. "Anyway…" Clove continues, "Your mother reminded Gale that he is a guest in her home. She then went on to remind him that the Přemyslid family owns 45% of the shares in Hawthorne Industries and that although she has never taken an active role on the board it does not mean she never will. She then turned to the Earl and doled out Gale's punishment as if Gale was 5 years old and requested that the Earl and Countess get their 'unruly son' under control. She then requested that the entire Hawthorne clan return to their guest quarters until brunch is served." "My mom can be badass." Katniss smiles at the small group before her. "Yeah well your badass mom and your dad want to see you in their private quarters before brunch." Clove communicates with a smirk on her face, "you better go now, and brunch is in 30 minutes."