Bracing one arm on the rail beside her, he slipped his fingers between her legs and pressed firmly against the swollen bundle of nerves, rubbing his fingers with tight, unforgiving ministrations. His chest was pressed against her back and he kissed her bare shoulder before moving to catch her earlobe between his teeth. He could recognize the feeling of her walls clenching around him and he drew his other hand to her breast, which he freed from the neckline of her dress. Plying the small mound in his palm against the pebbled peak, she bit down on her hand to muffle her shouts. She molded against him. Stretching. Stretching. And then she went still. She collapsed against the railing with a languid cry, her elbows buckling so that her body was hanging from the rail. He followed quickly after, spilling into her with a few more pushes. He pulsed inside of her as he rode out his orgasm, his chest heaving to regain his breath. "Jesus, Katniss," he sighed heavily into her neck. She sat up on her elbows and looked at him over her shoulder with an arched brow. "Katniss?" He narrowed his eyes, unamused. "I'm impressed you remember my name." He pulled out and debated using the sleeve of his rented tux to clean himself, but Katniss had already scooped up her purse to retrieve a package of tissues. The lake, where Finnick and Annie were having their wedding reception, had a few empty boat houses along the dock slips. From where they were at the edge of the water, they could still hear the thumping bass beat from the white tent at the top of the hill. "It's only been a few weeks," he chuckled, tucking himself back into his dress pants and fastening his belt. "That's an endless string of one night stands," she said. She pulled her panties up from around her ankles and smoothed her skirt over her hips so that the hem hit the top of her knees and the lines they had wrinkled into it were no longer visible. "Thirty, maybe," he said. He pulled his vest over his clean ivory shirt and adjusted the buttons at the cuffs. "That's it?" she said, leaning her hip against the railing so that her back faced the water. She smiled at him slyly, in challenge. He trapped her between his arms against the railing. "You really want to know that?" he asked, leaning in to nuzzle her neck with wet kisses. She pushed weakly against his chest to crane her neck so that her wide, gray eyes were looking into his. "There's no one else but you." Her lips pressed into a thin line. She bowed her head for a brief moment before lifting her chin to regain her composure. "How was your trip?" she said evenly. "Honestly?" he said, grinning sheepishly. Pushing off the rail he moved to the other side of the boat house. "I've been staying at my parents house, working at my dad's bakery." They lived about thirty minutes outside of the city, a risky move since Katniss's mother lived the next neighborhood over, but Katniss rarely went home, and his path never crossed with Mrs Everdeen. "Oh," Katniss said. "I didn't realize you were so close." He combed his fingers through his hair, which was matted and disoriented from earlier. "I was planning to go out to Colorado, where my brother lives. I was waiting for the wedding though. In case Finnick needed me." She folded her arms over her chest, her mouth curling into a scowl. "Are you still going?" she asked shortly, her eyes downcast towards the weathered plank floor. "Maybe. I don't know." "This is ridiculous," she huffed. "If you don't want to go, then don't. I'll leave you alone either way, if that's what you want." "I thought I would get some clarity, you know?" he said, smiling sadly. "If I'm not going to work for my dad? What else is for me to do?" He sank to the floor, drawing his knees to his chest and leaning against the wall behind him. "You're really good at baking," she said. He nodded earnestly. "I know." "What about art?" She approached him carefully, smoothing her palms nervously over her skirt before sitting beside him. "You could open that gallery you've always wanted." "There's nothing very glamorous about a starving artist," he said, rolling his neck tiredly to look at her beneath the hood of his eyes. "You wouldn't have to be starving." "Katniss, I know you're blinded by your love for me, but my art isn't that spectacular," he said wryly. She slapped his arm. "What I meant is that I'd hunt and you'd paint, and we'd make it work. Although you'd still have to bake for me. It's the least you could do if I'm going to support you." "Katniss," he said, his tone warning. "Peeta," she countered. "I've been doing some thinking. A lot, actually. And while I can't say yes yet, someday I will, and it will be to you." His jaw slackened as he looked at her in awe. He couldn't deny her. Maybe he was wrong about needing to grow without her. Maybe they needed to grow together. He took her hand into his and drew it to his lips. "I can live with that." Draping his arm across her shoulder, he pulled her against his chest. He dropped his chin to rest onto of her head, smiling at the familiar flowery scent in her hair. "About this proposed arrangement," he said, lowering his hand to the dip of her waist to pinch her side playfully. "Shall we discuss my other qualifications for earning my keep?" She tipped her head to kiss him. "You can show me." Bonus Quote: "I was born when she kissed me. I died when she left me. I lived a few weeks while she loves me" from the 1950 Humphrey Bogart film "In a Lonely Place"