ruined, but he was determined to give it to her. To let her know that somebody was thinking of her. When he reached her doorstep, he hadn't the courage to knock, so he left it on the welcome mat. He couldn't help it though, and paused as he left, catching sight of her, peering out at him through the curtains. "I've noticed you since that day," she said. "How your favorite color is orange. The way you double knot your shoelaces. How you never add sugar to your iced tea, even though it isn't sweetened. And then when we got older, I just assumed you hated me. You were always teasing me, and then you were off with Delly and Glimmer, and I hated it. It's stupid, I don't know what I was thinking," she said, shaking her head as she moved to stand. Peeta didn't let her though, and he caught her in his arms, turning her so that he could kiss her again. His fingers unraveling what was left of her braid so that her hair fell in loose waves around her shoulders. He wanted to be consumed by her, to find and savor every part of her. His hands moved quickly and with urgency, everywhere and nowhere all at once. He palmed her breast until she gasped into his mouth. Down her flat abdomen. Stroked the length of her sun kissed thigh, waiting for her to open her legs to him. She watched him with dark, hooded eyes, while her bottom lip worried between her teeth. "Can I?" he asked, and her legs eased apart to grant him access. He rubbed his fingers against her, working up a rhythm before he pressed his palm flat against her through her jean shorts. She lifted her hips to meet his touch, and he used his thumb to draw lazy circles around where he knew to be most sensitive. She whimpered, her legs opening wider to him and he pressed harder and with increasing speed. A satisfied grin tilting his lips as he watched her tremble beneath his touch. He knew he was limited through the barrier of clothing, and moved to unbutton her shorts, pausing to look up at her with hesitant eyes before she gave him an approving nod. Removing her shorts and underwear, he discarded them on the floor beside the sofa, leaving Katniss nearly naked beneath him. The implications seemed to hit her as his eyes admired her perfect form. Katniss was never one to be vulnerable, and to her, this type of exposure was the epitome of vulnerability. And in Katniss's way, she closed her thighs together tightly, and rolled to bury her face in the pillow beside her. Peeta rested his chin on the tops of her knees. "We can stop," he said, running his gentle fingertips along her calves. "No," she said abruptly, looking at him from behind the pillow. "Just... just give me a minute." He kissed the top of her knee. "You're so beautiful," he whispered against her skin. She calmed to his words, and her legs slackened, gradually opening to him. His eyes never left hers, dark blue drowning in a sea of lustful gray, as he hooked one knee over his shoulder, and drew himself back to settle between her thighs. He dragged his lips along the smooth skin, working from where her leg touched his shoulder until he met the apex. Her entire body tensed with anticipation, and he could hear her breath hitch in her throat when his mouth came within a breath of her entrance. Katniss bucked her hips forward, begging for his touch, but he turned his face away abruptly to tend to her other leg. "Peeta," she warned, her voice strangled as she reached out to tangle her fingers in his sloppy blond curls. He grazed his teeth against her sensitive flesh, and looked up at her innocently. "Is there a problem." "Peeta," she said again with a sense of urgency, and it was the sexiest thing he had ever heard. "Where was I?" he said huskily. He flicked his tongue over her clit, causing her entire body to shudder. He licked her again, gauging her reaction before teasing her with light nips, grinning against her when he felt her fingers scrape against his scalp. He hitched her leg higher over his shoulder so that her hips were tipped towards him and devoured her eagerly, lifting his dark eyes to watch her as his tongue made her quiver. He felt her thighs tighten around him, knew she was getting close, and he dipped a finger inside of her, then two, feeling her walls clench around him with each thrust. Her body arched from the sofa to meet him when he pressed his tongue flat against her sensitive bundle of nerves, and with his other hand he reached up to grab her breast roughly, rolling her tightened nipple between his thumb and forefinger until the rolling of her hips subsided and she collapsed against the cushions with an uninhibited cry. Her release crashed through him as well, and he brought her back down with slow easy strokes until her breathing became even. "How was that?" he asked, placing a kiss on her inner thigh. She threw back her head and grinned. "It was nice," she said, and she let out an exhausted, satiated sigh. He bit her gently. "Nice?" he said incredulously. "Nicer than kissing," she agreed. "I'd hope to leave you with the impression of slightly more than nice," he said. He kissed her hip, then belly button, working up the fabric of her tank top until he was settled between her breasts. \Okay," she said, her voice cut off by the gasp she let out when his mouth found one of her soft peaks. "Then you'll allow it?" he murmured against her skin. She wrapped her legs around the back of his thighs and urged him against her. "I'll allow it," she said.