cling to his unwavering sturdiness. His hands grip my hips, pinning me to the counter, and he hitches my leg high around his waist to cradle himself between my thighs. I gasp when I feel him hardening against my center. "We should stop," I say weakly, before things go too far. "We should," he agrees, but then I'm sitting on the counter and he's tipping my head to the side to drag his lips against my throat. His hand moves to massage my breast through the thin silk robe, and I moan when he rolls my hardened nipple between his fingers. My mind is a mess, unable to escape the delicious feel of his lips on my neck, and the place where our bodies connect when he thrusts between my legs. "I'm not myself," I manage to say between heavy breaths. He unties the belt holding my robe closed and pushes it open. My body keens, back arching, when his fingers dip into my underwear. "We're going to be okay," he says. I don't understand what he means, but I don't stop him when he peels my underwear down my legs, or when he drops his trousers and undershorts. I open my legs eagerly when he pushes into me, letting out a cry as he stretches and fills me completely. His thrusts are frantic and I reach for the cabinet behind my head to anchor myself in place. My legs tighten around him to drive him deeper, but the position ins't right. I struggle to angle my hips, and sensing this, he lifts me from the counter, spinning clumsily to push my back against the cool, steel refrigerator door. "Fuck," he growls, his thrusts pushing me higher and higher up the door. His mouth finds my breast and he lavishes it through the thin cotton of my under clothes. His teeth tightening around my nipple until I scream. I can feel his cock pulse as he empties inside me, and my walls instinctively tighten to coax his orgasm. He lowers me so my feet touch the ground, and I grasp his broad shoulders to keep my knees from buckling. "Sorry, I got a bit carried away," he says sheepishly, withdrawing his softening cock. My legs are still trembling, and I can feel the aftereffects dripping down my thigh. We didn't use protection. "It's okay," I say. "I'll take something in the morning." "What?" he says, his eyes dark, lids heavy, as he looks into mine imploringly. Before I can answer there's a heavy knock on the door. He groans, pulling up his pants and buckling his belt before he answers. "Peeta Mellark?" the man on the other side of the door says. "Peeta," I test the name on my tongue, committing it to memory. "That's me," he says tiredly. "We have some questions about Marlene Childs." He opens the door wide, revealing a detective flanked by two Peacekeepers. "Can you ask her yourself?" The detective looks surprised to see me, as if he's looking at a ghost. He must have come from the scene. He clears his throat to speak. "I'm Detective Crane," he says acknowledging me and then Peeta quickly. "Do you have your PIC, ma'am?" I nod shortly, wrapping my robe tightly around me as I slip into the bedroom. I pick up the satchel to retrieve Marlene's PIC, the emblem flashes yellow. Under investigation. I eye the window, wondering if I can make a quick escape, but the pane is sealed. It doesn't matter anyway, I came here to prove that Katniss Everdeen was dead. This was the way to put that final nail in the coffin. I return to the kitchen, extending Marlene's PIC to the detective. He looks at the picture then back at my face. "Run a retina," he tells one of the Peacekeepers beside him. My spine tenses and I catch myself on the counter top before I can fall. We may share the same face, but I don't know where the similarities end. Certainly our retina scans won't match. "What's the problem?" Peeta steps in. "We've got Visas, we're allowed to be here. You can look at them if you'd like." "It's not that," Crane says. He holds the retina scanner to my eye and it beeps before I can blink or look away. He stares at the display, his frown deepening. "Looks like a case of mistaken identity," he says, still reading the screen. He pushes the scanner back into the Peacekeepers hands. "Reset her PIC, will you?" He swipes my ID through a scanner and when he returns it, the emblem flashes blue again. "Sorry to bother you, Miss Childs," he says, then walks briskly towards the door. "Wait," Peeta chases after them. "Not until you explain what's going on. You can't just burst in here, in the middle of the night. We have rights, you know." "Peeta, let it go," I say, grabbing onto his hand. Crane and the Peacekeepers close the door behind them, leaving us alone. Peeta turns to me, his eyes wild and angry. It's obvious he won't calm down until he has answers, and the truth certainly isn't a possibility "It was a drug test," I lie. "They told me this would happen." "Through a retina?" I nod somberly, even though the idea is ridiculous. "I passed." I squeeze his hand. "I told you, I'm getting better. It's okay for you to go home. It'll be good for you." He studies me carefully. "We'll talk about it in the morning," he says, his hand slipping from mine as he heads to the bedroom. I stand in the kitchen, flipping Marlene's PIC in my hands. If I want to pull this off, I need Peeta out of the way. I look at Marlene's picture, the question I don't want the answer to, still gnawing at the back of my mind. If we're two different people, how are our retinas the same? I'm on tumblr as absnow