murmur escaped from the mass of people. All eyes were on Agusta. She walked over the the left bowl. Each step sent the click of the heels echoing throughout the square. She took a deep breath, as if she was worried. She reached her long, thin fingers in and closed her eyes. They waved around gracefully, hovering over the slips of paper, before unceremoniously shoving her whole hand into the pile. In the blink of an eye, her hand flew back out with one slip in her fingertips. She walked back over to the podium and with her inhuman fingernails, she unfolded the slip. "Pet Palmios!" My heart stopped. It wasn't an exaggeration or a hyperbole. I couldn't breathe anymore. I hadn't just imagined it like so many times in my nightmares. She said it. She said my name. I started to walk towards the stage. I could hear Delphie screaming. She was volunteering. But she couldn't take my place. She was too old. The peacekeepers held her back, but they couldn't hold back her screams. I heard Mags knocking at my door. I knew it was her before she spoke, because her knock was always the same. Four legato knocks. "Are you ready?" She shouted. Instead of answering, I opened the door and nodded. Mags stepped to the side and held her arm out, gesturing for me to 'lead the way'. Ash was already waiting for us at the elevator, dressed the same as me. He smiled softly at me, but I just scowled. Mags pushed the down button, then turned to Ash and I. "Listen to me. Don't interrupt, just listen." We stared blankly at her, surprised at her sudden change in mood. "I realize that you two don't get along. But if either of you want even the smallest chance at survival, you'll have to be civil towards each other. Do you understand?"She asked, annoyance present in her usually monotone voice. "Yes, ma'am." Ash said sincerely. Mags looked at me. I really didn't want to be civil to him. He cheated on me and told me on our four month anniversary. Being civil was the last thing on my mind. But, being who I am, I rolled my eyes and nodded. "Shake hands," Mags ordered. Ash held out his hand to me. I stared at it for a minute, not moving. "Pet," She warned. I sighed dramatically and shook his hand. It was smooth. I remembered that, when we used to hold hands while walking home from school together, his were always incredibly smooth. I could never figure out how, though. I realized that I still had his hand in a death grip and I let go. It was a bit sweaty, and I rubbed it off on my pants. He smiled at me again. As I was about to curse my mouth off at him, the elevator doors slid open silently. Ash walked in, followed by Mags, then me. I learned yesterday that I don't handle elevators very well. On my way up last night, I vomited on the carpeted floor from what could only be described as motion sickness. The Avox on this elevator wasn't happy, and I was glad that she wasn't able to complain. This time, I just had to close my eyes. That's the advice Agusta had given me. I stepped inside and looked around. The walls were a light blue, and I assumed that they were velvet. The carpet was a darker blue than the walls and looked twice as soft. I wanted to take off my boots and wool socks so I could enjoy it. Unfortunately, we were only on the 6th floor. I wouldn't have time before we reached the training floor. Mags reached past me and pressed the button at the bottom. The doors slid closed and the elevator began to descend. I saw all of the buttons surrounding the button that, along with a hologram, read 'Training Center'. I didn't want to close my eyes. Along with the recently pressed button, there were buttons 1-14. I knew that the 3rd floor was for District 1, 4th for District 2, and so on. We were on the 6th floor. It wasn't too high up compared to District 12, who stayed on the 14th floor. Each button came with a touch activated hologram that served as a label. Thinking of District 12 reminded me of Ilaina. Meeting her last night was the only good thing to happen since my name was called. She was very pretty. Prettier than I was. Her eyes were brown, but in a way that made them look like chocolate. I knew that she'd be getting quite a bit of sponsors. In some ways, she reminded me of Delphie. Kind of introverted, but still very nice. They had the same eyes and hair. They were around the same height, and had similar eye shape. She had more of a chance of survival than I did. More than her district partner (whose name I forget), more than the tributes from 9, 10, and 11. I didn't have a chance at being victor. Not at all. But that didn't mean I was completely useless in the games. I could swim, I could climb, I could fish, I could hide, I could get my own food, and I was a fantastic liar. With Ilaina on my side, I may survive longer than I thought. But, if anyone should win the games this year, it should be her. I was surprised that no one got on the elevator with us. It made me wonder if maybe the elevator was just for our district. It came to a gentle stop. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Ash and Mags against the soft wall, most likely avoiding any possible motion sickness on my part. "Well, here we go." Mags mused softly. The doors opened. The training room was unlike any room I'd imagined. Here we go indeed.