eyes and knew he couldn't allow it to happen so he screamed, "I volunteer. I volunteer as tribute for Rory Hawthorne!" Even Haymitch, who was normally drunk but stayed sober for this particular reaping, was visibly upset. Peeta ran up to the stunned Rory and hugged him close. He whispered for him to go be with the family. Rory nodded and watched Peeta go on stage. Rory watched as Effie asked his name. "Peeta Mellark" he said. "How do you know that boy?" asked Effie. Peeta looked at her and said, "He is my friend and he's family." Haymitch had this sadness in his eyes as he watched the 6 of them standing together. When Effie asked to applaud the 6 brave teens, no one clapped. Instead, every member of the community raised three fingers to their lips then into the air. The teens watched with shock. This salute that meant goodbye to those who were loved touched them deeply. Haymitch had always thought of these 6 kids as his own. It looked as if the whole town did too. But even all that wasn't what had Peeta so deep in thought. No, it was his own parents. He had not seen them since the day his mother had beat him and left him on the street. But there she was, with his father, in the room to say their goodbyes. He saw his father in passing over the years but never spoke to him. Peeta sat on the couch and looked at the two of them, showing no emotion on his face. But the anger was there hidden. He waited to hear whatever venom his mother wanted to spit at him. He hoped she'd say something just so he could kick her out. She was smart enough to wait until time was almost up before she walked to the door and said, "Well, some lucky tribute is going to finish the job I started 5 years ago. Maybe Rie will be the lucky one to finally rid this world of your presence." She was gone before Peeta could react. His father just handed Peeta a small package from his pocket and left without ever saying a word to Peeta. Next to see him was Hazel, Rory, Vick, and Posy. Posy crawled up into Peeta's lap. She couldn't understand what was going on, just that her 2 big brothers were going to go away. Hazel looked at Peeta. "You have been like a son to me these last 5 years. You helped feed the family, helped care for Gale and the younger ones when they were sick, and helped me in every other way you could. Now you saved Rory from the games. Peeta, please stay safe. If Gale can't make it back, I will hope for you to come back home to us." Peeta set Posy down on the couch next to him. He went and squatted in front of Hazel. "You are the mother I always wanted when I was younger. I've considered you my mother for a long time. And Rory as my brother. I couldn't let him go in. Gale wouldn't be able to handle it if Rory was in the games with him. I will do everything I can to make sure Gale, or myself, come home." He gives Hazel a hug. He turns to Rory and Vick. He can see Rory wanted to say something but Peeta talked first. "You guys take care of mom and Posy until Gale or I come home. Promise me." The two boys promise and Peeta hugs them both. He looks at Rory, "I had to volunteer to take your place. You did not deserve to be chosen." He then stands, goes to the couch, and sits next to Posy. He pulls her into his lap. "Sweet Posy, I have to go away but I left you a present. When you get home, under your bed is your surprise. You be a good girl and remember Gale and I love you very much." Posy's lit up when Peeta mentioned a present. It wasn't much really. Peeta painted a picture of the family, himself included. With the painting was a stack of papers and 2 pencils. Peeta's last visitors were Prim and Mrs. Everdeen. Prim ran up to Peeta and wrapped her arms around him. Peeta wasn't sure why they were here but he was glad they were. Mrs. Everdeen just looked at Peeta for a moment before saying, "Take care of yourself Peeta. You're a fighter. You fought to live when your mother nearly killed you. You fought and killed that bear that almost killed Katniss. Don't let them win. Prim, I'll be waiting out here." And she was out the door. Peeta looked at Prim. She could be his sister, they looked that much alike. Peeta begins, "Prim, I know what Katniss probably already gave you a list of do's and don'ts so I won't repeat anything. I left you and your mother a gift. I painted a picture of the 3 of you, as well as Lady and Buttercup. It's under the couch. If something happens to me, look at that painting and remember me." Prim nods, tears running down her face. She gives Peeta one last hug before leaving. His last visitor was a shock. It was Boggs. He was dressed as a Peacekeeper. He gives Peeta a hug and quickly whispers in his ear, "Peeta, I don't have a lot of time. I wanted to tell you that there is the possibility that some of the tributes you'll meet in the games were trained by rebels such as myself. Watch out for them. Try to get them all into an alliance with you. You'll get orders in the arena." Boggs then leads Peeta out the door to the awaiting Peacekeepers taking him to the train to the Capitol. An hour later he is sitting by the window on a train, watching the scenery go by.