own close-up on the screens in front of us all when she reaches into the bowl, fingers clawing. I know this is her way of stalling, giving everyone a precious yet terrible moment to hope against hope that it won't be their name called. So far, everything has gone as it always has. I know this routine in the depths of my being, at the core of my bone marrow. This day is meant to mark the beginning of the end of my life, and so far I have escaped unscathed, allowing other little girls to die in my stead. I have one moment, one beautiful, horrible shining moment given to me by my godmother, to stand in the dirt and heat of Twelve's square, imagining what my life will be after this final Reaping is over. I'll go home, and scrub myself clean in the shower. I'll make a sandwich, and watch my parents arrive with their two new victims on yet another screen. I'll listen to Rowan meticulously pick out notes on his piano. I'll slip through the fence to hide in the woods like a coward with Gale when darkness falls and the preliminary ceremonies of the Games begin on the screen. Someday after the Games and the Victory Tour, when everyone in the Capitol is bored and restless, I'll go out with some rich Capitol man; perhaps even a Capitol woman, if there hasn't been a scandal in a while. I'll become an airheaded model. I'll leave Twelve and its judgements of my sins behind. I'll see the grudge-lined eyes of every hardened man, woman, and child in my dreams at night and lie to my bedfellow about my tosses and turns. It's likely that I'll become a bride soon, just to keep myself and my family safe from too much scrutiny and harassment. This terrible future is just in front of me, within reach, shimmering in front of my eyes, as Effie draws the name from the bowl. I watch as that imagined future, full of stability and heartbeats, slips away. It's in the cracking of Effie's façade, her lips clinging to a grin that is really a grimace, the shaking of her hands. That same hellish tremble is back in her voice, the one that echoes through Granddad's house as she damns the odds each year, the one no one else is privileged to hear, when she steps up to the microphone. "This year's female tribute from District Twelve is… Ember-Rue Everdeen ." My mother is not permitted to scream, but I hear the echoes from this morning when her gray eyes meet mine. I can't bear the anguish in them, so instead I turn to my father. Oh, but his is worse. Peacekeepers surround me. I stumble my way up to the stage, Granddad's sarcastic laughing and drunken clapping the only sound. His claps sound like bombs; my ears ache. The world spins around me. Everything fades to a haze. No one steps forward to take my place. They watch me begin to die, as I watched them die in my place all those years. I cannot blame them. Finally, I am atoning. I have just begun to accept what has happened, smiling on reflex at the flash of cameras, when Effie reaches into the bowl containing the male names. This time, not even she can begin to hide her horror. "Oh. Oh. Ah-hem. Excuse me. The male tribute for District Twelve is… well, it's… it's Rowan Mellark. " Only my father's strong arm around my mother's waist stops her lunge, her hands curled like claws. Likely they would have ended up around Effie's neck. Effie looks as though she'd welcome death in this moment. I peer into the bowls as hard as I can, reeling where I stand. Terror, shame, anger, resentment, grief all swirl at their strongest within me. The bowls are filled with our names. Only our names. The whole 99th Reaping has been rigged against my family. Effie never could have chosen another child; there were no others to choose. Before my parents can open their mouths to condemn anyone, before my brother can be ripped away from our cousin by Peacekeepers, the crowd of boys shift. Merchant boys scrabble out of the way as the Seam population surges forward, a horde of dark young men beginning to clap as Haymitch had done only moments before. Peacekeepers surge forward, a gaggle of white meeting dingy black. I stand frozen, waiting for the violence. Is this the uprising Gale is always going on about? Do my family mean more to these people than I thought? I'd believed they regarded us as traitors and leeches, but perhaps- But no. No, this is something different. One lone boy breaks away from the crowd. He looks more man than boy, all hard muscle and broad bones. Dark hair falls to his shoulders in straight sheaths, gray eyes that match mine glare at the stage. The Peacekeepers fall away. The crowd's claps fade. "I, Wren Hawthorne, volunteer as tribute. I'll take the place of Rowan Mellark." As Gale's son takes his place next to me, our entire District raises a three-fingered solute, my mother and father included. The confusion of seconds before clears, making way for regular old fear. Of course Twelve hadn't been rising to our defense; we deserve none of it. Instead, it had cleared room for its prodigal son, a son of the Seam. Twelve definitely has a winner this year. Suddenly my practiced words don't seem so false. My entire district has already chosen its Victor, and it isn't me. Wren climbs onto the stage. He reaches for my hand. I imagine his covered in my blood. I take it anyway. Together, we turn to the district and grin. "I told you we'd hold hands again," he murmurs against the roar of the cheers. Here's Effie's applause. Then we are whisked away to begin our funeral processions to the Capitol.