she noticed Peeta was staring at her in complete awe. "You can't watch," she admonished him, trying to fight the rush that surged through her from beneath his gaze. He turned away and she continued to undress until she was completely nude. She poised herself carefully on the edge of the chair, her arms draped over her chest and lap to cover herself. There was something strangely thrilling about sitting there naked. She felt confident. She felt free. A spark of energy ignited in her chest,which spread to the tips of her fingers and toes. It was too much to contain, curled up and covering herself this way. She kicked her feet up to rest on the windowsill and stretched her legs wide. Her back arched to lean against the back of the chair and her arms hung boneless by her sides to lay completely exposed before the window. Suddenly every fiber of her being ached to be touched. The cool night air kissed her nipples, pebbling them into sensitive buds, and below the stretch of her abdomen, beneath the shroud of dark hairs, she felt an eager buzz come to life. She thought of Peeta on the other side of the room, and another wave of heat twisted and pooled between her legs. Her eyes lifted to the window, and in the reflection, she spotted him, looking at her. Their eyes locked in the hazy image of their reflections. She wanted to be angry with him for betraying his word, but she liked that he was watching her. Ten seconds passed, maybe more. Finally she turned her chair to face him again. His eyes darted away, and he began to whistle sheepishly as if their moment in the window had never happened. Katniss didn't want it to be over though. Not yet. "Peeta?" she said, her voice a bit frantic. "I dare you to touch me." He licked his lips and bounced anxiously on his heels. His dark blue eyes were shadowed by a hunger she couldn't recognize as they implored hers. After a moment of hesitation, he moved to the entrance, flipping the locks on the door and pulling down the metal shade. Then in three long strides, he was pulling the cage over the window too. He sighed heavily and paced the space between them, pausing when he stood before her. "Where?" he said huskily. "Tell me." Katniss's lips parted, unable to make a sound. She wasn't sure how to describe what she needed. She'd touched herself before, but she was never in the right mindset. She felt foolish instead of finding the intended pleasure. There was nothing funny about what she felt now. She knew where her body ached for him, and decided to start there. She took his hand and pressed it firmly against breast, guiding the ministrations until he could repeat the motion on his own. He cupped the soft mound, plying it experimentally between his fingers, and she hummed softly in approval. She encouraged him to her other breast, but instead of lifting his hand, he dropped to his knees and lowered his mouth to attend to it. His tongue swirling over her tightened peak before pinching it between his teeth, the sharp pain leaving her feeling delirious. The pulsing between her legs became unbearable no matter how she shifted her thighs to quell it. She ushered his hand from her chest and pushed his fingers against where her body throbbed to be touched. "Jesus," he said, collapsing against her shoulder to groan against her skin. "Katniss, you're so wet." She lifted her hips to open herself to him, sighing when his fingers began to stroke through her slick folds to coat in her arousal. Then he painted tight circles around her swollen bundle of nerves, building the tempo until she was shouting from the blissful agony. His tongue continued to lick and nip around her breast, and she could feel the stiffness of his erection grinding against her calf as he touched her. Her mind was clouded by lust, demanding for more, more, more. Never sated. He gripped at the arm of her chair with his free hand and used it to steady himself against her. "Truth or dare; you'll let me taste you," he growled into her ear. He kissed her then. Licking along the seam of her lips, before his tongue plunged into her mouth with such firm, deliberate strokes that she clenched her knees together in anticipation. "Yes," she hissed, practically begging. "Both. Please." The pressure from his fingers left her and she lifted her hips to chase after his touch. He pinned her to the chair, drawing her ass to the edge of the seat to spread her legs wide. Then he settled between her thighs, his dark eyes looking up at her before his tongue tentatively darted out to trace along her opening. "Oh," she said at the new sensation of his tongue against her. "Oh!" she said again, loudly this time, when his tongue swirled over her clit. Her fingers knotted into his hair with both hands, and she urged him eagerly towards the motions that brought the most pleasure. He sucked on the bundle at her apex while his fingers dipped inside her, one then two, maybe three, thrusting and stretching, and she threw her head back to call out his name from the feel of him moving within in her. She cried out when the final flick of his tongue pushed her over the edge. His fingers coaxed her over the crest of her orgasm. Long, even strokes guiding her back to her body. He looked up at her from between her legs, his chin and mouth glistening from her arousal. Katniss combed her fingers through his hair to smooth out his disheveled curls. "I wasn't even supposed to be here today," she said through an exhausted fit of laughter. He kissed her thigh, her stomach, then her lips. "Well, I'm glad you came."