him on the floor when every part of my body craves to be touched. The rush leads to a dull throb between my legs, which is becoming increasingly impossible to ignore, no matter how I shift my hips. "How does it feel?" he says. There's an edge to his voice now, and when I make out the outline of his smile in the dim light, it looks pleased. "I really like kissing you," I say lazily. "Me too." He gives me another kiss. But the spell doesn't last much longer. Peeta comes to his senses, sitting back on his heels to distance himself. "This isn't right. We shouldn't do this." "We're getting married," I remind him. "We'll have to. They'll want children." "Hopefully it won't come to that," he says, scrubbing a hand over his face. "They're going to take it away from us. Why can't we have it now? When it's still our choice." He's not convinced. "You want this? This isn't a game?" he says. I'll never be able to erase the doubt Peeta feels. A small part will always feel it myself. But things have changed between us since the Games. Since the Victory Tour, and the days waiting for my injury to heal. My feelings for Peeta have evolved into something entirely different. Something I'm too terrified to identify right now. I need for him to keep on kissing me. I liked it better that way. "What do you want Katniss?" My body is so tightly wound, I can't stand it a moment longer. "I need you - I want you to..." "To what? Tell me." I reach for his hand and touch it to my cheek, but I don't just want it there, I want it everywhere. I guide it down my neck, then across my collar bone. The darkness in his gaze emboldens me, and I smooth his palm over one of my breast. He takes control, curling his fingers around the mound and squeezing it with his hand. When his thumb flicks over my tightened nipple, I let out an embarrassing sound between a moan and a yelp. He does it again, grinning when he elicits a similar response. "What about now?" he says, toying with the top button that keeps the front of my dress closed. I nod eagerly and he unfastens it deftly, then circles the one below it, freeing each button until my dress falls open. I'm basically only in my underclothes now, but with all my prep team has seen, I'm far beyond any kind of modesty. My skin burns where his fingers splay across my waist and when he bows his head to nip at my breast through the thin, cotton bra I almost sing. It all feels wonderful, but nothing has addressed the ache between my legs. A damp heat gathers, pooling every time he finds new skin to lavish until I feel like I'm dripping. I urge his hands lower, to my hips, hoping he'll take the hint. He kisses down my stomach, pausing below my belly button. My breath hitches when he kisses me over my underwear. His groan is muffled against my hipbone. "You're really wet, Katniss," he says, and by the grin that slants his mouth, I take this as an endearment. He removes my underwear then spreads my legs wide. "Do you want me to?" My eyes widen when his lips touch the inside of my thigh, his mouth dangerously close to my center. I nod wordlessly, my entire body clenching in anticipation. The feeling of his tongue is an odd sensation at first, but when he presses it flat against the cleft, I see fireworks behind my eyelids. I can't believe such a small bundle of nerves can ignite every fiber of my being, but I'm floating now, anchored only by his hands pinning my hips to the cushion. My toes curl and I cry out, the pleasure of his tongue silencing my protesting heel. I need to hold onto something desperately. My fingernails scrape against the upholstery, then up my body to my hair, where I fist the tresses, ravishing it from my braid. It's hard to keep my eyes open, the warmth coursing through my veins leaves my lids impossibly heavy. Through the faint haze I can make out his eyes staring up at me, the embers from the fireplace reflecting in his blackened irises. It's that image that makes my body keen. The all consuming hunger crests, and I dissolve against the sofa, sated and full. He presses his forehead against my belly, his lips slick against my stomach. "I should take you home," he says. I can't quite make out his tone, but I fear regret. He stands and moves to the window. "It stopped snowing. I'm going to shovel the walkway so I can carry you back." I find my underwear and button my dress, feeling surprisingly numb when moments ago I was humming with something wonderful. I curl into a ball on the sofa, staring directly into the flames. Outside, I can hear the sharp sound of the steel shovel breaking through the ice. I can't recall the exact moment I fall asleep, but when I open my eyes, sunlight is creeping through the window. My bedroom window. My bed feels cold and empty. I reach my fingers across the mattress in search of Peeta, but it quickly becomes obvious that he isn't there. I make myself stand, limping to the window to let in the chill. The cold is welcome, and I inhale a deep breath, reveling the burn in my lungs. Across the lawn I hear the familiar crunch of snow, then I see him, Peeta, with his sketchbook tucked under his arm, making his way up the cobblestone path that leads to my front door. "You making a jailbreak again?" he calls up to me. I smile. "That depends. Are you going to catch me?" Find me on tumblr at absnow .