at ease. His sturdiness. His devotion. If this is how she decides to treat him, she'll never see him again. Without realizing it, she's crying. Her arms circle around his neck and she buries her face into his chest. She can't lose him. "I need space," she says, watching her tears bleed into his white tee shirt. His fingers tangle into her braid and his hand settles at the nape of her neck. "You just had to tell me that," he says gently. "Take all the time you need." She spends the next three days in her own bubble. She's a zombie at work, and completes her assignments almost robotically. Her mother calls each day and on the third day she leaves a message. "I've met someone," is all she says. Katniss hasn't spoken to her mother in years. When she went to college she essentially broke all ties. It was difficult for her mother when Katniss's father died. She became nearly catatonic in her grief, leaving Katniss to care for the family, which included her young sister. After a few years, her mother's mental health improved, but the damage was lasting. Katniss's sister, Prim, is the only family that Katniss still acknowledges. "She wants for us to meet him," Prim tells her over the phone. "She wants for us to be a family again." Katniss is reluctant. A month ago she would have burned all bridges and never looked back, but now she feels a longing for this broken connection. She calls Peeta to ask if he'll come with her, and he agrees. Dinner with her mother is tense. Katniss isn't sure what to say and her mother seems to be just as perplexed. Peeta and Prim carry the conversation, skating around safe topics like work and the weather. Later, when they're cleaning up, Katniss finds herself alone with her mother. "I didn't know how to be a whole person anymore," her mother admits when confronted about her breakdown. "When you love somebody, it's easy to lose yourself in them." Katniss understands. It's why she's spent years building a wall between herself and anyone who tries to care about her. To protect herself. Her mother touches her cheek gently. The contact is calming and Katniss finds herself leaning into it. "It can be so wonderful, though," her mother promises. Katniss is silent during the drive home. All of the events from dinner are troubling, and she's not sure how to process them. "You internalize too much," Peeta says. "I'm just thinking," she says tiredly. "We can talk, if you want to." She doesn't know where to begin, and she doesn't know how Peeta could help her. He wouldn't understand. "It's fine," she says shortly. "It's not a burden, you know," he says. "Sometimes it helps to vent." She looks at him skeptically. "I think my mother has ruined my ability to have a healthy relationship," she says bluntly. "Mine too," he says with a nod. She muffles a bitter laugh. "Yeah right!" "Have you met my mother?" In all the years she's known him, she can't remember meeting his mother once. Maybe during their college graduation. She vaguely recalls an impatient, silvery blonde tapping her foot through the reception. She had scowl lines deeper than Katniss's. "All my life I was constantly disappointing her. Nothing I did was ever good enough," he says. "I felt worthless." Without thinking, she places her hand over his on the center console. "That's not true. You're so loving and generous with everyone you've ever met, even when they don't deserve it." He smile sadly, and the lights from the streetlamps that buzz by shimmer in his round eyes. "I like to feel needed, I guess." He pulls into the parking garage beneath her apartment and kills the engine when he's reached her spot. Katniss is stunned silent at his admission, unable to move from her seat. She refuses to accept that he thinks this way of himself. That he doesn't appreciate how wonderful he is. That everyone doesn't appreciate it. All the Dellys and Bristels, and Cloves in the world. But most importantly, her. She turns in her seat and forces him to look at her. Her fingers trace every line of his face until every detail is memorized. "I do," she says. "I need you." "You don't," he starts to say, but she doesn't want to hear it. She crushes her lips to his and kisses him with frantic abandon, trying to show him how every ounce of her being needs him. It's absolutely terrifying but it's something she wants — no, needs to give him, and in the end she feels wonderful. "It's almost our anniversary," Peeta says on day 25. He's sitting on the couch, scrolling through the channel guide while Katniss finishes the dishes in the kitchen. She leans her elbows on the kitchen island and smiles teasingly. "What are you going to get me?" "That depends," he says, settling on some movie on Comedy Central. "Day 30. Are you showing up for the date?" She feels a nervous tick in her heart. At this point, it should be easy. She cares about him. She's falling in love with him. The future should be clear. She dries the last dish and takes her time placing it in the cabinet. "We don't have to wait for day 30, I guess," she says. He bites back a smile then stands from the couch with a stoic nod, picking up his shoes in the process. "Okay," he says, heading towards the door. "We gave it a good shot." He sighs dramatically along the way, and she doesn't want to amuse his pity party, but suddenly she finds herself darting after him. She stops him before he can reach the handle. "Let's see where this goes," she says, wedging herself between him and the door. "30 more days?" he asks, a beaming grin already tugging at his lips. "And maybe a few more."