over 5000 words. "I guess I'll just be the over achiever, no big deal," Peeta said as he packed his computer away. He looked at the time on his phone. "It's late, let me walk you back." Katniss could see her dorm from the front entrance of the library. "Okay," she said anyway. He escorted her to her room and when he thanked her and wished her a good night, for the first time, she didn't want him to leave. Delly appeared a moment later. Her face splotchy from cleaning her makeup. "Was Peeta here?" she said. "I thought I saw him in the hall." "Um, yeah," Katniss said, suddenly feeling shy about the night they'd shared. "He needed help with something." "I'm really sorry if he's still bugging you," Delly said with an annoyed sigh. "He's got this huge crush on you and I keep telling him that you're not interested." Katniss didn't know what to say. The way he'd been acting around her - she never thought for a second that it was because he liked her. "I'll talk to him again if you want?" Katniss felt trapped in a trance. She blinked a few times then reached for her laptop. "No. It's fine," she said, climbing up into her bed and opening the computer lid. "I must be such a bother to you," Finnick Odair said. He dipped his toe into the clear water, sending sparkling ripples across the surface from the setting sun. "I should take a hint, really. All this time I've sat with you and you haven't said a word. You won't even tell me your name." He moved to stand. She caught his wrist, giving it an urgent squeeze. "Stay!" she meant to shout. "Please, stay with me." He sat back down, his eyes a lit with alarm. Her name. She could tell him her name. She searched the horizon for an answer and it came to her like a spark. She pointed at the bend of her leg, taking his hand in hers to tap his finger against it. "Knee?" he said. She nodded. "Kneeeeeee," he sounded the word on his tongue again to see if it would morph into something else. His smile brightened with understanding. "Annie! Your name is Annie!" She felt like she was dancing on wind, hearing her name from his lips. "And mine is," he said bending over to draw an imaginary triangle on his back, a fin, then he gagged and shuttered to say "ick." She twisted her lanky arms around his neck to hug him tightly. "Annie, my Annie," she could feel him murmur into her hair. There were only two dorms on the east side of campus, and she heard Peeta and Delly mention Baker hall before. "A baker in Baker, how poetic," Delly had said. The mailboxes were set up the same as in her building, with each row coordinating with the floor the person lived on. She was able to limit the eight floors down to three by the names, since there weren't any coed floors here. Peeta lived on the sixth, she finally figured out. His room was tucked into the corner and there was no question as to whether he was home because the door was propped open with a trashcan. She tapped on the frame to get his attention. He had a pad of paper in his lap and was busy sketching. "Hey," he said with a pleasant smile. She was obviously the last person he'd expected to see. "Hey," she said. "Lost?" She certainly felt like it. She shifted awkwardly on her heels then took a few steps inside without asking. He'd invaded her space often enough, it was her turn to do it for a change. "What are you drawing?" she said. He laughed nervously. "You caught me." He lifted the pad for her to see. It was a drawing of Annie and Finnick sitting on the dock. The one from her story. "I accidentally immersed myself in the fandom world. I saw some art that was pretty cool and felt inspired, I guess." She took the paper, tracing her fingers along the smudged lines. "You have an incredibly strange way of flirting," she said. "I assure you, I'm usually much better at this," he said. "I honestly have no idea how to talk to you. I was just looking for a way to relate - you're kind of terrifying, you know." "Sorry." "Did this Snow guy cast an evil spell on you too?" "Sometimes it feels that way," she said. She leaned against his desk and handed the drawing back to him. "And what did you lose because of it?" he said. "The power of perception, maybe. I didn't realize - I didn't know that you liked me." "Because you thought that I was with Delly," he filled in. "No. Because I thought you were being a jerk to me. I thought you were making fun of me." "I wasn't. Really." He tapped on the paper in her hand for emphasis. "If you couldn't tell yet." "I've got that now." She set the drawing down and gripped the edge of his desk. "I like you too," she admitted. He lifted both brows in surprise, and she had to smile at the childlike gleam in his eyes. "Really? And you came all this way to tell me that. You know I would have found a way to bug you again." She steeled her nerves with one deep breath. "I had an idea for a story actually." She braced her hands on his shoulders and slipped from his desk into his lap. "I was hoping you could help." "I do owe you one," he said, his eyes darkening as his hands slid around her waist. "Please let this be one of those really hot smutty ones." She angled her chin to brush her lips over his. "You tell me," she said. Find me on tumblr ( absnow )