in a snow drift." Katniss slurped up the last bits of frothy tequila until she was only sucking air through her straw. Madge and Delly had talked her into doing happy hours on Thursdays. A good ole fashion "girl's night." Sometimes there was karaoke, which although Katniss acted surly about, she secretly enjoyed. "Ugh, I know," Madge chirped in. "They get to claim any sort of dwelling space as their 'cave' but the second your clothes drift past the halfway marker in the closet, you're the one taking up too much space. Patriarchy. When will they learn?" She picked up the pitcher to refill everyone's glass. "I'm so envious of you Katniss. You don't have to deal with the bullshit." She flushed. "Having my mother as a roommate?" she said flatly. Their waiter appeared and placed a shot in front of Katniss. "Compliments of the guy over there," he said. Katniss ducked her face behind her hand, feeling mortified. "He's kind of cute," Madge offered, checking over her shoulder to appraise him. He was. He looked young though, maybe 21 - probably only 19 with a good enough fake. She forced herself to smile, but before she could find the gentlest way out of the situation, Delly was waving the drink away. "Hello! Sorry!" she shouted across the bar at the guy with his friends. "She already has a boyfriend." The guy took it easily enough, but now Katniss felt worse. Her eyes locked with Madge who had lifted a questioning eyebrow. Katniss shook her head, perplexed. "Boyfriend, huh?" Madge teased. "Peeta?" Delly stated obviously. "Is that what the kids are calling it these days?" Madge said. "He's crazy about you," Delly said, taking Katniss's hand to squeeze it. "He's always been so crazy about you. It's so exciting to see you two get your chance. We should have a dinner thing - all six of us. It'll be fun!" Blood began to rush to Katniss's ears, drowning out the sound of Delly's voice. He's crazy about you. "Why'd you get divorced?" Peeta tapped his playing piece against each square on the board until he counted out the spaces for his turn. He drew a card from the deck and grimaced. "This isn't much fun. Monopoly really is a terrible game," he said, counting out a few paper bills and handing them to her. She couldn't tell if he was avoiding the question or if he hadn't heard. "What happened? Did she cheat on you?" He lifted his eyebrows and looked slightly perplexed. "No." She felt something heavy in the pit of her stomach. She pinched one of the little red houses between her fingers, rolling it against the pad of her thumb before she dropped it on the board. She looked at him, and then away. "Did you cheat on her?" "What? No!" he sounded exasperated, but he laughed it off easy enough. "It isn't always so melodramatic." "I just figured..." He shuffled his remaining money and tucked it beneath the edge of the board. "Why didn't you marry Gale?" "We weren't happy," she said with a shrug. "Neither were we." Katniss was done playing the game. She pulled herself onto the couch and hugged her knees to her chest. She'd spent so much time in this basement now, it was easy to make herself at home. They'd been sleeping together for three months now. "What's wrong with us?" she said. "How'd we fuck it up so bad?" He sat beside her. "You work hard, you do what you're told, and everything's supposed to work out. Then what are we doing here?" "We settled," he said. That sounded like a good way to put it. He dropped his arm around her shoulders and sighed. "I remember when I was a kid, I thought that when I found 'the one' I'd just know. And there was this girl - the first time I saw her I was five years old, and she was it for me. That's what love was." "What happened to her?" He looked at her knowingly. "I had these feelings, but I never knew what to do with them. I figured there were more people out there for me like that and that I'd find them too. But nobody held a candle to her, and I realized that I must have built up this fantasy that wasn't real. So I had to figure it out all over again, but it was never the same." Katniss felt the same way after her sister died. That a part of her had died too, and she'd never get that back. She'd been living in neutral since then. "I think it's important," he continued. "Knowing when there's a difference. Knowing when it's right. And not wasting your time on anything else." She frowned. "What are we doing then?" "I don't know," he said. "I want to find out though." She nodded. "Me too." Katniss took the pile of folded laundry and tucked it into the dresser drawer. It didn't quite fit so she spread a few shirts to another stack, pausing when she felt something rigid beneath the fabric. She dug deeper to uncover a small felt box. A ring. She and Peeta had been together for over a year now, and they'd shared this apartment for eight months. Marriage was only a conversation they'd had in passing, but it was a direction they were heading towards. Katniss snapped the box shut. She hadn't realized that they were already there. She padded into the living room where he was watching television. Stepping beside him, she dropped the box into his lap. The color drained from his face as understanding filled it. "I can explain," he said quickly. She cut him off. "I want to," she said. "You want to marry me?" he said with wide eyes. She dropped to her knees before him to kiss him through her smile. "I do. I really do." Find me on tumblr ( absnow )