what had happened to pretend to be friends. He didn't think he could be her friend. His gaze fell to her lips. He could taste Chapstick and peppermint on the tip of his tongue. He turned away. "I don't think it's right, what we've been doing," he said, staring at his hands folded in his lap. "We've kissed twice now, once at that party and then earlier today, and all the while you're on your way to see him?" "Him?" she said, her eyebrows shooting up. "Your boyfriend," Peeta said dumbly. She shook her head, letting out a laugh that sounded indignant. "I don't have a boyfriend." "Then who are you trying to surprise?" She blinked a few times, still caught off guard by his accusation. "My sister," she said as if it were obvious. "I didn't get to see her at Thanksgiving." Peeta felt like an idiot. He had completely forgotten about her little sister, Prim. She was four years behind them, and still in middle school when they graduated. "Oh," he said slowly. "So you and Gale aren't –?" She laughed, louder this time. "Gale? What? No! He's like my cousin!" Peeta felt like an even bigger idiot now. He shook his head, still not ready to believe her. "But in high school, you were together all the time," he said. "We were friends," she argued. "I never liked him that way." She shrugged her shoulder a lowered her voice to a mumble. "I liked someone else." "Who?" She cringed. "You?" she said. Peeta nearly fell out of the bed at her confession, his eyebrows lifting, encouraging for her to continue. "I'd be lying if I said I thought about you often," she said, her face flushing around her cheeks. "But you looked kind of cute in your wrestling uniform." She covered her face with her hands. "Oh god, that sounds awful." "No it doesn't," he said quickly. "And then I saw you at that party last week. I knew you went to USC too, but it was the first time we'd run into each other, and I don't know. I guess they call it liquid courage for a reason." "Katniss?" She turned her head to look at him, a smile ghosting her lips. "Yeah?" By default, when it came to words, Peeta always knew the right ones at the right time. He was captain of the debate team in school, and he had served on the student council every year in high school. But in this moment, he knew he didn't have to talk. For once, Katniss had done it for him. Instead he kissed her. It was different than the ones before. It wasn't sloppy from the alcohol or hesitant, like the comfort she had offered him earlier that day. This one was something else. The hungry kind, where kissing didn't seem like enough. The kind where bodies deliberately moved and twisted to lay flush. And where soft, approving hums grew into something less abandoned. He pinned her beneath him. His mouth moved to cover her jaw then her neck. His hand smoothing over her ribcage to squeeze her breast in his palm. She bowed off the mattress in response to connect their bodies where they didn't already meet, singing her approval when he slipped his hand beneath her shirt. Her nipples were already pebbled into tightened peaks, which he pinched between his thumb and forefinger, grunting when her hips rocked against his in response. He rolled onto his side slightly to rest his weight on one arm and used the other hand to trail down her abdomen, then dipping his fingers between her legs. His breath hitched when pressed his fingers against her heated center. Even through her flannel pajama bottoms, he could feel how wet she was. "Jesus," he murmured into the crook of her neck. She gripped his shoulder tightly, her breaths coming in short pants. "Do you have a condom?" she whispered in his ear. He groaned, loudly. The weight he had been holding on his arm collapsed as he rolled onto the empty space of the bed beside of her. "No," he said. His head hit the pillow, hard, and he stared up at the ceiling with a petulant sigh. He didn't even have one in his wallet, which he knew was a bad place to keep one anyway, but he couldn't help it. He really wanted to have sex with her. Then he remembered it. The oddly placed merchandise on the bottom row. The vending machine. "I do," he said, jumping off the bed and gathering some change. He adjusted himself beneath the waistband of his boxer shorts, and rushed to the machine, plopping coins in with shaking fingers until he had enough for the condom on the bottom row. Peeta wasn't the most experienced, admittedly. He'd only had sex a handful of times, and each time the girl didn't act like it was anything amazing. It hadn't shattered his confidence and he didn't necessarily think he was bad, he just really liked Katniss, and he really wanted to impress her. His wrist began to cramp, moving his fingers in tight circles between her legs, but he refused to stop until her toes curled into the sheets and her back arched from the mattress. And then, when he was inside her, he closed his eyes and willed himself to relax, fighting the tightness in his cock, refusing to release his orgasm before her walls to clenched around him. After, when they lay tangled and boneless, he struggled to catch his breath. Although she hadn't been overly vocal, she had seemed pleased enough, yet he found himself feeling anxious over her response. He hid his face in her hair, unable to look at her. But then she kissed him. And when she asked, "Do you have anymore?" Peeta ran into the snow barefoot, wearing only a pair of boxer shorts and carrying a handful of quarters to empty the vending machine.