with shallow swings, but every time the boat pulled back it was lifting a little higher. Finally, she leaped off the platform, landing in his row as the boat swept by. "So are you just going to jump again when you're ready to get off?" he asked, still skeptical about the whole thing. "Are you crazy? It's on a timer." The swinging gondola at Capitol was bigger. It was twelve rows, as opposed to six, and was some pharaoh like, Egyptian theme. It could also swing so high that Peeta could have swore it flipped all the way over. The Pirate Ship at Arena was not nearly as impressive. That was until Katniss Everdeen was sitting beside him. "Why is this ride your favorite?" he asked, admiring the way the lights sparkled in her eyes each time they swung higher and higher. "This moment," she said. "Right here," she said, right as the boat paused at its peak then dropped, leaving him weightless. Floating briefly before soaring down to the earth. Peeta had been familiar with the sensation before. Flying. A fleeting feeling he was always chasing after. But he knew where to find it now. He waited for the boat to swing back again, right at the peak when there was nothing but darkness below them. Then he turned to kiss her, her lips melting to his as they began to fall freely. Her expression was unreadable when he pulled away. Some mixture of surprise and confusion, and maybe anger for all he could tell. Peeta braced himself on the handrail, certain that she was plotting to throw him overboard. "Was that okay?" he said carefully, still trying to gauge her reaction. She was silent, probably set on never speaking to him again. Her eyes were locked frozen on his lips. "I'm sorry," he said. "I just really wanted to kiss y–" but then she was kissing him again, her fingers tangled in the curls at the nape of his neck. She hummed approvingly against his lips, her tongue licking into his mouth in languid strokes that made his groin tighten. With every swing of the ride he needed to be closer to her. Needed the feel of her wrapped around him and the welcoming heat between her legs. Soon she was pressed between him and the guardrail. Her thighs straddling his hips, and his hands at her waist, holding her firmly against him. At the next peak, his hips lifted from the bench, bucking against her with a friction that offered momentary relief to his straining erection. His cock was throbbing to be inside her, so much so that he could hardly see straight. "Fuck, Katniss," he groaned into her hair when her hips rolled against his thigh. He slipped his hand between where their bodies were woven together, his fingers dipping between her legs to rub her through her khaki shorts. "You sure you don't want anything?" he murmured, latching his lips to suck on her pulse point as they road through the next peak. "Do you want me to touch you?" She cried out, nodding frantically in response. "I'm going to make you fly, Katniss." His other hand untangled from her hair, sliding down her body to tuck beneath the hem of her loose fitting polo. He rolled up the material, exposing new spans of olive flesh until he reached her breasts. He sighed at the sight. The soft mounds concealed behind thin, pale colored fabric. He held one experimentally in his palm, plying and molding it between his fingers until her nipple was pebbled into a hardened peak. Then he lavished the other breast with the same attention. Her fingers dug sharply into the muscles along his shoulders, guiding his ministrations with appreciative tugs and moans. The height of the car's swings began to ebb too soon. Each sway drawing closer to the platform. Peeta began to panic. He wanted to make her come before the thrill of the ride died down. He wanted her to think of him, of this, every time she felt this high. He undid the button of her shorts deftly, pushing them aside to slip his fingers into her underwear. Her folds were slick with want and he coated his fingers in her arousal, using it as lubricant to draw tight circles around her clit. "You sure you don't want anything, Katniss?" he grunted, his finger swirling fervently against her. "I want you," she admitted, and her entire body shuddered against his hand. The words were the most beautiful he had ever heard and he buried his face in her shoulder to muffle his groan. All the passion in his life that he had been missing suddenly consumed him. In the way he kissed her, the way his fingers moved inside her, drawing her to an orgasm just as the ride began to still. Her breathing was still labored, her chest rising and falling in shallow pulses. Her tongue swept across her swollen lips, and she sat back on her heels to look at him. "You ready to get off?" she asked when the ride was mostly still. His eyes were too hooded to focus on anything, and all he could do was chuckle. "You have no idea." She rolled her eyes and began to climb off his lap. She'd have to engage the break to bring the ride to a stop fully. Before she could regain her balance, he caught her elbow, pulling her back against his chest for another heated kiss. "Take your clothes off," he said. "I want to go again." A/N: This is a plot bunny I had that is very loosely based on the movie Adventureland. Sorry it got a little spastic at the end because I can't write smut from the male POV. Sorry I haven't written anything in forever! Hopefully as the summer winds down I'll have some more time and focus. As usual you can find me on tumblr at absnow .