clit. Her movements are jerky, desperate, and she's making these little noises that he's pretty sure he'd like to hear every day for the rest of his life and then she's coming, writhing against him and tightening around his cock with a strangled cry. His balls tighten and it only takes a couple more thrusts before he's emptying himself into her with a groan of her name, her walls fluttering around his cock as his orgasm overtakes him. As he's coming down from his high, he's dimly aware of a noise, and then he realises that it's him, chanting Effie's name like a mantra. Her nose nudges his cheek and she brushes her lips against his in a soft and unhurried kiss, a direct contrast to any of their previous kisses or encounters. She shifts the legs that are still wrapped around his waist and he helps her down, his hands resting on her hips in an attempt to steady her. She smiles at him somewhat shyly as she tucks a stray lock of hair behind her ear, her updo still in place but coming more and more unravelled by the minute. He'd still like to see her hair wild and free, and he thinks that maybe he'll get his chance; she had said there would be a later after all. He'd like to tell her exactly what he'd like to do to her later , and he's opening his mouth to do just that when there's a sudden jolt and a flickering of lights. Effie's eyes go wide, and it would be comical really, if they weren't both mostly naked and smelling of sex. "They said they were going to give us warning," she hisses as she rights the cups of her bra and pulls her skirt down over her thighs, "It hasn't been anywhere near two hours yet!" The elevator gives another jolt and then starts to move down, and Haymitch snorts as he pulls on his boxers and jeans and watches Effie scramble around the floor for her shirt. She's buttoning it with shaking hands as he pulls his shirt on over his head, and the display is signalling that they're almost at the ground floor, and then he hears her give a muffled curse as she dives down and picks up the crumpled scrap of white lace that's been strewn on the floor. He can see her mind is working overtime; she'll have no chance to slip her knickers back on, and by the time she unzips her briefcase the doors will have probably opened. She's standing there with a panicked expression on her face and her hands are flailing around aimlessly, and so Haymitch makes a split second decision, reaching out and grabbing her panties before shoving them in the pocket of his jeans. She looks at him and it's like she can't make up her mind whether she should be grateful or scandalised, but there's no time for her to dwell on it, because the elevator comes to a natural stop and the doors open with a ping. There seems to be a welcoming party of sorts waiting for them, the two engineers joined by Annie, Finnick and Jo. Annie looks worried, a hand flying to her chest in relief when she claps eyes on them, Finnick looks slightly confused, and Jo looks like she can't make up her mind whether she's pissed off or amused. "Oh thank God," Annie gasps, "I was so sure that they weren't going to be able to get you out. Are you both ok?" She sounds genuinely frightened, and out of the corner of his eye Haymitch spots Finnick lay a comforting hand on her arm. Looks like Effie had been right about that one. "I'd say they're more than ok," Johanna says, the note of sarcasm in her voice apparent for all to hear, and beside him he hears Effie clear her throat loudly. "We are both absolutely fine Annie, please don't worry yourself any further," she says reassuringly, before turning her attention to Jo and continuing haughtily, "And I'm sure I don't know what you're implying, Johanna." "I ain't implying shit. Your shirt's buttoned up wrong," Jo snorts, and he doesn't have to turn his head to know that Effie's cheeks are likely bright red. He bites down hard on the inside of his cheek to stop himself from laughing when he spots the look of shock that appears simultaneously on Annie and Finnick's faces, because he's pretty sure that would push Effie over the edge, and he'd very much like to be present for this later she's talked about. Effie clutches her briefcase to her chest and pushes her way past the small crowd, and Haymitch take a step forward before faltering slightly. He's not sure where exactly they stand when it comes to this thing that's transpired between the two of them, and he's unsure if she wants him to follow her or not. He's saved from wondering when she stops and turns her head slightly, that blush still glowing on her cheeks. "Those plans that you said you wanted to look at later are in my car. I'm just going there now if you'd like to see them, Haym-Mr Abernathy," she throws back over her shoulder, and Haymitch almost trips over his foot in his eagerness to catch up with her. Finnick looks at him knowingly, a smirk tugging at the corner of his lips, and he's pretty sure that he's not going to hear the end of this come Monday morning, but he couldn't give a fuck. Not if he gets to unpin that hair properly, and strip them both down until there's nothing between them, and show her that his hands aren't the only thing he's good with. . As Haymitch backs Effie up against her car, and her arms come up to loop around his neck he thinks that yes ; this is definitely something he could get used to.