nipples were tightened into aching buds, sensitive to the slightest quiver in the air. "How do I measure up?" she said, watching him tentatively. He covered one with his palm and gave it a gentle squeeze. "Not quite as big," he said. "But these are much better." He flicked his tongue over the pebbled peak, and she shuddered, her back bowing off the bed to meet his touch. "These are real." "You dreamed I had fake tits?" He nipped her playfully and she let out a yelp. "You know what I meant," he said flatly. He laughed, dropping his face to her shoulder, while his hand continued to massage her breast in his palm. "I'm talking so much. God, I must be so annoying." "No. I like it." He looked up at her, his eyelashes fluttering shyly against her skin. "The least I can do is talk dirty or something. What's sexier? Pussy or precious garden?" "Really?" She scoffed. "I'm trying to figure out what sort of imagery I should use. It has to work well with my 'magnificent cock'." She lifted her eyebrows. "That sounds like an overstatement." "You haven't seen it yet." He rolled his hips, agonizingly slow, so that the entire length of his erection rubbed against her center. Her throat felt dry and she pressed her lips together tightly to suppress the hitch in her breath. "Okay. No more talking." He moved up her body, his lips touching her throat, then right beneath her earlobe. "I want to be inside you," he said in a heady whisper. She whimpered, and nodded her head frantically. "All right. I'll allow that," she said. He sat back on his knees to unfasten her jeans, and she lifted her hips to accommodate him as he stripped them from her legs. With her feet planted on the mattress, he ran his fingers up the back of her calves to the crook of her knee. She hadn't shaved in a few days, a fact she was now dreadfully aware of, but he didn't notice, or at least, he didn't seem to care. He opened her legs wide, stroking her inner thigh to the apex, pausing when he reached the edge of her underwear. He traced her opening with his thumb through the cotton, a pleased smile slanting his mouth. She was already wet for him. He tugged on the elastic waistband, his eyes searching hers for approval, which seemed silly, since she was already practically naked. But then she was naked, and he was hovering above her with his hand trapped between their bodies, and his fingers pressed against her clit. Her hips moved to the rhythm of his ministrations, lifting eagerly when his pace quickened. He kissed her when she began to fall apart. His tongue stroking against hers deliberately as he dipped his fingers inside her, gathering more moisture to take her over the edge. When she came, he swallowed her cries in his kiss, leaving her boneless and breathless in its wake. "There are condoms in the dresser. Top drawer," she said, her eyelids still heavy in the aftermath. He brought the entire box back, tearing off a packet and dropping the rest on the floor beside the bed. He unfastened his belt and kicked off his jeans and boxer shorts. She took this moment to admire him, her gaze settling on his erection. "Fine, I may have embellished a bit," he said, when he caught her staring. But he hadn't. He was perfect. He rolled on the condom and sat beside her, ready to position himself above her again. She stopped him though, pressing her hand against his chest so she could swing her leg over his and straddle his hips. "You're killing me," he groaned as she sank down his length. She balanced her hands on his stomach, lifting herself on her knees and lowering herself again and again until she was used to his girth, the lustful gaze in his eyes spurring her on more and more. His hands skimmed beneath her rib cage then he took her breast in each hand, massaging the mounds and working the tough peaks between his fingers. "You would not believe how jealous all the younger versions of me are right now." When she leaned forward, using the rungs from her headboard as support, she found the perfect angle to stimulate her clitoris against his pelvic bone, and she rolled her hips with growing fervor. Then his thumb was there too, fingers splayed against her abdomen to anchor it in place while he circled her clit deftly. His other hand gripped her thigh, holding her steady so he could meet his thrusts. She came with a shout and him soon after, her walls clenching to coax his ebbing orgasm. She collapsed against his hard chest, and they both lay there, still tangled, until their shallow breaths became even. He lifted her mess of hair off her shoulder and combed his fingers through it to loosen the tangles and smooth the strands down her back. He was still inside her and her walls fluttered every time she felt his cock pulse faintly. "Three hours isn't that long," he said quietly. "I was driving pretty slow too — to get here — I could probably make it in two if I tried." Katniss bit her lip to contain how please she was as he mused over the logistics of seeing her. "I don't think I could wait three months to see you again," he told her, his fingers running absently up and down her sides. "In fact I really am ready to run down and register for classes so I never have to leave." She thought she'd be more terrified by the idea, but she wasn't. "I'd grow awful tired of having you around." He kissed her again. "I'd be more than happy to test that theory." She smiled at him. "Me too," she said. Find me on tumblr ( absnow )