when she became more heartless than Career Clove. ... She joins the rebellion and she meets a woman from Two named Paylor. Career Clove adores her. Actual Clove wonders if she has a knack for things from District Two citizens. She receives her first position in less than a month. Commander of Weaponry. She likes the sound of that. Career Clove smirks at Actual Clove. She smirks right back. ... It is not until she meets Gale Hawthorne that she decides to go into combat. They make eye contact during lunch in District 13. Johanna Mason watches them glare at each other in amusement. "Problem?" Career Clove asks. (or was that Actual Clove?) He clenches his jaw, and doesn't answer. Johanna answers for her. "The Girl on Fire was his girlfriend." She smirks before correcting herself. "Ex-girlfriend." He turns his glare at Johanna rather than Clove. "Oh, come on handsome. You're in combat. Look how good you are without her." she says sarcastically. "Shut up, Johanna." he says while getting up. "There's a reason you're not in combat. Look how good you are now. When he leaves, Johanna pouts at her now lonely table, and flames flicker in Clove's eyes. .. "I want to go into combat. I want to be a soldier." she demands. Paylor is surprised by the proposal, but Coin cuts in for her. "All due respect, you're already in a high ranking. Are you sure you want to give that all up to become a measly soldier?" She glares at Coin. "Gale Hawthorne is far from measly and he is a soldier. I'm positive." Paylor tries to intervene, but Coin gives her a smirk that Clove wants to rip right off her face. "Of course, Clove. Anything you want." ... She joins Gale's squad; second in command, and watches him flinch at every move. He constantly asks in frustration why she's even there. She always responds with a flick of knife, and he can't question that. ... They learn to trust each other, and they to use their skills in unison. They learn to respect each other. ... He stops hating her after she tells him about Clem and about the Capitol's influence on her life. He finds they have more in common than he had originally thought. "Allies?" he asks, extending his hand. She flinches at the word. She doesn't dare look him in the eye when she shakes it and repeats the word. She is too afraid of seeing grey instead of blue. ... He tells her about Hazelle and Rory and Vick and Posy. He starts to talk about Prim before stopping himself. She's happy he does. She almost tells him about Cato and about Career Clove, but refrains from doing so. Career Clove hasn't said a word in months, and she finds herself not caring where she has gone. ... They are called to the Capitol and they dutifully follow their orders. He saves her life twice, and she curses at him because now she can't just watch him die and turn around. It is when they lose each other at the square that all chaos is ensued. Everything is a blur except for those steps that will lead her to Snow. She runs and runs and runs up the stairs, until she hears the bombs go off. She turns to see a pair of grey eyes, and she watches as he pushes a familiar blonde head away from the roar of fires. She runs and runs and runs up the stairs again, and she doesn't dare look back. ... In the end, she does not catch Snow. She fights in vain against his guards, and watches his ugly smile creep up on his face. She yells every curse word she knows, and throws her last knife at him- the hilt hitting his forehead- before being pulled away. She is about to be executed when Career Clove returns. ... Career Clove beats the soldiers and escapes. Career Clove runs and runs and runs down the stairs; back to the roar of fire. Career Clove gets the attention of the other rebels and Career Clove almost falls into a silver parachute that had not been detonated. Almost. Strong arms push her away, and grey eyes meet hers. And Gale Hawthorne saves her life for the third time. ... He makes her go to the hovercraft when he sees her injuries. A broken arm, three broken ribs. She didn't feel anything. She had stopped feeling emotion a long time ago. She wonders when she stopped feeling in general. She sits back and listens to the rebels talk about Gale capturing Snow. She smiles for the first time in months. ... She kills Snow. She murders him with all she's got. And it's not Career Clove this time. It is all Actual Clove. It's bloody and beautiful and her knives are dull by the end of it all. When she finishes, Coin smirks at her, and she kills her too. She decides that she's waited too long to rip that smirk off of her. She walks out with her hands bloody, and no guilt whatsoever. She walks out with Career Clove's approval, and she walks out with pride. The sun is rising again and so is her hope. ... {the end} A/N: It's been a while. This prompt was on Cherie's, or clatorecs/eknowbaria on tumblr's prompt list, and I just stole it and went overboard with it. It was too genius. I tried to grasp Clove's character, while still trying to keep her District Ten roots- so you end up with a somewhat schizophrenic/bipolar Clove. Oops. I guess that's the price you pay for the games? I need to stop writing crazy versions of the pair. I apologize for this becoming more Clove-centric, and for including Gale. I couldn't resist. Anyway, this is the longest fic (and the only one I've finished) for a long time, so, as always, thoughts, and opinions are greatly appreciated!