room. The air in the room was cold, not literally, as I realised I was standing in the room alone with Albe. We didn't get along, now to add to the awkwardness, we knew in a week we would be after each other. "To make things clear, we aren't and never will be friends" Albe said. "I know, but let's just get along for the next week. After that, no mercy" I can't believe the words came out of my mouth. "I thought you weren't going to kill?" "I'm not" What was I saying! "But I don't except you to agree or for me to stop you" I need to start controlling my words. Usually I'm good with words, I can talk to people and have them trust me, but today I was off. "Ok, this week we be nice, but in the games…." We nob. I knew this conversation was over. He walked away. Standing alone in the train I realised, I didn't want to be alone. I have to fill my mind. I walk to the bedroom cart. There is a door that said "sleeping room". As I slowly open the door the light came on. The room is a deep red. There is a desk with pens and paper, more than I could use on the trip. There was also a big bed with deep grey and pink sheets. This room is bigger than my house. I looked around to see everything I could. There is a towel folded neatly on the bed. I touched it. It is the softest towel I have ever felt, it is like a bunny pelt. I move me hand to the bed, Clouds. That was the only way that it could be described. After a long time I lift my head. I saw a door beside the desk. I forced myself off the bed and opened it. A bathroom was there. This was all too much. Tiredness fell over me. I walked over to the bed and lay down. I fell asleep without ever knowing. I woke up in the morning. Seconds later I remembered everything. I stood up and walked to the main part of the train. Everyone was eating breakfast. The smell made me sick. I took a seat before it ever dawned on me to say anything. "Good morning" I let out. "Morning" the mentor said to me "Morning" Albe copied "Eat" The mentor said "I can't" I replied choosing my words carefully. "I mean, I'm not hungry this morning" Everyone went back to eating. The train ride was long. It took us a couple days to get there. A handful of words got exchanged between me and Albe. I didn't even see the mentor. I sat alone. The cart wasn't that big. There was my room, Albe's room, one for the mentor and then the rest was open. There was a table for sitting at, eating, card, etc. It is bigger than my house, but when you're only allowed in two rooms it closes in on you pretty quick. Having all this time to myself I have lots of time that was spent thinking. What would the people in the capital live like? What would the games be like? Would it be like everything they told us about it? What where the other tributes like? Who would kill me? Would I kill other tributes?... the thoughts always come down to if I could kill. I realized something. I'm more worried about killing then dying. At least now. That could change. I can see it now, me, but not me. Standing over a victim. A bat in my hand, a smile on my face. I look beat up, dirty and violent. Crack! Almost like lighting the bat swings and kills the tribute. Victory. A smile grows on my face but this time it's real. I can do this. Kill 23 people, but then most won't make it past the cornucopia and then the others will take out at least half of the people that walk away. Easy. 1 person to show I'm a player. Another that runs into me, one for the win and then maybe at a point ill kill one… for fun. I snap out of it. NO! I try to keep from yelling, luckily I was able keep the words back. The train comes to stop. How could I have let myself think that. Albe walks into the room. He doesn't even look at me but we kind of haven't been speaking. "Gather around, now first things first you two. Remember to smile." My mentor said "Forget everything except your manners. Albe I want you be nice to people, but be supper nice to the girls and Maurry be best friends with everyone. If they feel a bond they will want you to live." The train doors open. Albe is the first off. The crowd is louder then I have ever heard anything. Before I know it he's gone. I slowly walk to the door. Inhaling deeply I wave hello. The crowd loves it. I walk in big steps to reach Albe. I am happy. The crowd when I left a couple days ago were scary, but here it was as easy as walking thought the hob, but of course no one eve cheers for me there. The walk took a while but I could have walked all-day. Straight into the train center we went. We were alone now. The room was quiet. Without a word we entered the elevator. Its times like this I wish district 12s rooms were on the first floor because with the tension of all of us knowing in a week one of us could be dead and no words being said this has to be the most uncomfortable part of the last couple days. When we reach the top of the building the doors open and me and Albe can't get out of there sooner. Till there's more -Muarry