the younglings lost interest and ran back to sweets. "I think he's beautiful" whispered Madge as she approached her uncle, blue eyes on the nutcracker. "May I….may I see him?" "Of course" Uncle Abernathy gingerly gave Madge the nutcracker. "But be careful, this nutcracker is a prince." "A prince?" Madge let out a laugh. "Well he is certainly dressed as one." She observed the nutcracker. His hair was made from the softest brown rabbit fur, his skin a deep tanned wood. His jacket was made from fine green velvet and Madge could have sworn his painted grey eyes gleamed. In his right hand he clutched a wooden sword. "Though to me, he looks more like a warrior, but he is lovely no matter what he is supposed to be." "If you like him that much then he is yours." Uncle Abernathy laid a kind hand on her shoulder. "Oh! Oh no, I really can't accept. He's lovely, Uncle, but you must have worked so hard." Madge tried to hand him back but Haymitch refused. "I don't deserve a gift like him." "Everyone deserves a little magic." But before Madge could ask him what he meant, her uncle was gone. In his place was Rupert. "It's not fair he gave you that." The boy looked red in the face. "What? The nutcracker? Of course it is. You and your friends weren't interested and he is my uncle." "He should be mine" Rupert reached out to grab the doll. Madge couldn't help but fume. If she felt she didn't deserve the nutcracker then Rupert most certainly did not, and reason was too slow to catch up to her words. "You heard me. You were not interested and my Uncle gave him to me . You can't get your way by having a tantrum this time. Now go get cookies before Delly gives them all away." "NO" The impossible child roared and before Madge could even fathom what he was doing, Rupert grabbed the nutcracker and had thrown him on the ground. Madge felt her blood run cold as she reached down and had to pick up two , not one whole piece of the nutcracker. The vicious mauling the poor nutcracker had received made his jaw piece break. Apparently the fury Madge was feeling was well written on her face because before she could smack the child senseless, Peeta had thrown him over his shoulder and went out to the hall. Sherriff Cray, gone past what a respectable sheriff should be, followed the youngest Mellark to claim his son. "He'll be just fine." Madge heard Uncle Abernathy's voice. "Perhaps you could play his nurse and fix him up." Her uncle held out a handkerchief. Madge sniffled and rolled her eyes. "I'm not a little kid anymore." But she pursed her lips and took it, wrapping up the nutcracker's face. Her uncle chuckled. "In the next few days, we can take him back to my workshop and fix him up right." Madge nodded and stifled a yawn. The clock chimed 10 times and the guests began to file out. Everyone thanked the Undersees for a wonderful evening and Madge had to agree with them; it had been a great night, despite her reservations. Uncle Abernathy was last to leave and gave his beloved niece a kiss on the forward, telling her simply "sweet dreams, sweetheart." By 11, the house was quiet and Madge attempted to approach dreamland. But her dozing was fitful and not an hour later, Madge was quietly descending the stairs to get a glass of warm milk, careful to avoid the few creaky steps. The Undersee house, while beautiful, was old and needed some repair work, if anyone would ever get to it. The fifth, seventh, and twelfth steps were the creaky culprits and years of going up and down trained her how to best avoid them and the noise. As her toe touched the second to last step, she could have sworn she heard a faint squeak. That was supposed to be a perfectly fine step. She heard another squeak and realized it was not from the staircase. Her eyebrows creased as that sensation of worry clawed at her stomach. She waved it off. Too many sweets . But still….there was no harm in a little investigation to ease her active imagination. She inspected the front door and saw no signs of tampering. The back door looked fine as well. It was nothing! On her way upstairs, milk forgotten, Madge paused to admire the tree…and saw something strange. Against the light of the candles, there seemed to be dozens of little shadows scurrying along the boughs. She stifled a shriek when she saw the dozens of rats crawling over the Undersees' beautiful tree. Sure, Madge had heard of nests infesting peoples' homes but not theirs! She could wave this off as a sugar induced hallucination but she could feel the phantom sensation of little paws crawling on her. "Time to go get my father and a broom" she muttered and looked toward the stairs. Except now the stairs looked farther away, and the railings much taller than she generally supposed they were. A few more steps toward the stair case and panic set it. The stairs were definitely getting taller. That clutching feeling set in again and she looked toward the tree, which seemed to be getting taller as well. The dread dropped to her stomach as she realized things weren't getting taller , she was getting smaller. The clock began to chime twelve times. A.N #2 : Reviews are so appreciated you have no idea! I know it starts out slow but starting next chapter it'll really pick up! I know I said it before but all the parts to this story are done and l WILL have it all uploaded before Christmas Eve! I need to amend my first authors note: Rupert belongs to me but I'm a little hesitant to claim him 'cause he's a brat.