and after taking a moment he said, "Got nothing to hide from you anyway so yeah. But not for myself. No, I can take up rather well in the games now and survive through the blood-bath easily while holding on my own against the careers. Its her I'm rather scared about. With the number of teserae I hear her taking, and also counting the fact that she'd volunteer if her sister is reaped, I can rightfully say I'm scared and nervous of her entering the games." Rye sighed. Damn his brother for always caring for 'her' (who he had no trouble identifying) before caring for himself. After a moment's silence, he asked "Say if she ends up in the games today, we can expect Peeta Mellark in the 74th Hunger Games for sure. What I want to know more is, should the both of you end up the last 2 tributes, is there any hope of me seeing my brother again?" Rye asked the last part almost vulnerably. Peeta looked at him for a long moment before he said, "You know my first priority." That was enough for Rye to understand the implied meaning and he crashed himself to the enigma that was his youngest brother, with a few tear-drops escaping his eye. But Rye kept his emotions in control, afraid that it'd only make it harder for Peeta should the worst comes. After finishing their meal Peeta said, "Rye would you do me a favor?" It came automatically for Rye to reply the answer to his dearest being on this earth. "You need only ask bro." Smiling at the nick-name that Rye rarely used, Peeta fished out 3 pills from his pocket and handed them over to his eldest brother. "You remember the first project I started working on and always dreamed to accomplish?" Rye nodded eyes-wide. Peeta's dream has always been to make a teleportation tool that would use the medium of space and ambient time to deliver the matter of a body from one place to other. If he is getting the hints right, than Peeta might as well survive the games should he manage to evade the gamekeeper's attention and survive. Smiling brightly Peeta said, "Yeah I know. I only managed to forge them into pills and with the limited time I had I only managed to make 4 pills, 1 of which I tested with last night and found the result successful. I already created doppelgangers, though with the lack of time again I only managed a corpse imitation of a person rather than a working body, and only 4 of them as it takes time. So promise me to hide and care for whoever the 4 would come through the other end of the pill with all our medicinal supplies present in my lab. You know where they are alright?" All hopes crashed in Rye as he sighed. He should have expected that coming. It's a good thing that emotion-control was part of their decade-long training or he would have been mad by now, but the training helped him in thinking properly rather than shouting like a raging bull. "You aren't coming through the other end right? Fine I'll do as you said." Hugging him briefly, Peeta smiled and said, "Thanks Rye. Oh one more thing." And then he fished out 2 bandannas from his pocket – one deep green and the other midnight bluish-emerald. At Rye's raised eyebrow Peeta said, "The capitol allows tributes to bring with them a token. It's a communicator through link and ambient force, and I took extra care to ensure the wiring do look like fabrics. Since its my personal invention and emits no wave, we could communicate but only at the fall of night, as any time other would make them suspicious. I'm still working to make it full-time though, but it is powered by solar energy and is still ineffective when its recharging." Rye couldn't keep the awe out of his face. "Know what Peet. You should have landed at 3 rather than here." With a smile Peeta replied, "I won't have it any other way. You, dad and well you know who are the only ones that are y driving force." And with that he put on the midnight bluish-purple bandanna, that Rye noticed looked good on him. Before he could go though, Rye said, "That'll be considered a part of your uniform rather than a token Peet and I have the exact token for you should you be the one to enter the arena." And with that Rye pocketed out a chain he had been carrying along with him for 4 years now for this moment. It was always meant for when Peeta might get reaped, but something told Rye that today might be the day. No matter what he believed in his brother and his brains so he knows he can outsmart the arena all at once, making them believe the sky is green and pigs fly in the air with very minimum effort. Peeta fumbled with the chain which revealed to be a golden chain with a platinum phoenix, having very small emerald eyes and black wings. Peeta knew from very old legends that it was a death phoenix – the one who helps conquer death. He had told about the legend to Rye once ages go, but he was overwhelmed, that his brother cared for him this lot. Instead of refusing it, as he knew both he and him 'earns' a lot, he accepted it in good faith and thanked Rye profusely which his sibling simply waved off. Then there came the rung of the alarm that asked the citizen's mandatory attendance in the city square within 2 hours. Hugging both the adult bears a goodbye and cuddling the cubs for maybe the last time, Peeta set off with Rye on their usual running course home that needed to cross a lake by swimming in the middle, after hiding their weapons.