I couldn't help it. I was mad at her. Not for the berries. I knew that we'd been backed into a corner on that and she was just smart and gutsy enough to risk it all to survive. I was mad at her for not loving me. If she had loved me then her intentions with the berries would have been real. She would have been eating those berries because she couldn't live without me. There would have been no need for the lies, for all of the games that we'd played with the media for the past year. We could have come home from the Games and started our lives together. We would have been a footnote in the history books…the star-crossed lovers. I allowed myself to feel bitter and angry as I watched her stumble up her front steps, oblivious to my presence. The front door to her house opened, and she was pulled into Gale's waiting arms, disappearing from my sight. Bitterness flowed through me like poison. The door closed behind her. I sat for what seemed like hours, letting the anger course through me and then out of me. As it did I started to think about my next move, how to play things to our advantage, how to put our little team in the best light. By the time I was finished I had figured out how to make Katniss into the most sympathetic person in the history of the Games. The audience would love her. They would be falling over one another to save her. Once I had my plan I felt calmer and more in control. I stood up and walked to the front door of my house. As my hand fell on the knob I had a memory of the first time I'd walked into this house. Katniss had been with me. The presentation of the house was being filmed so of course she was expected to be at my side. I walked up the steps, my footfalls heavy since I wasn't used to my artificial leg yet. Hers were silent, as always, and she drifted like a specter next to me. People were shouting questions behind us. Many of them were holding cameras and microphones, but no one had followed us up onto the porch. When I reached the door I turned the knob. The door was locked. "Damn," I said quietly. "What is it?" she asked, looking over her shoulder at the crowd. She looked like she wanted to knock down the door to get away from them. "It's locked and I don't have the key." "Effie didn't give you one?" she whispered. "No. Did she give one to you?" "Yeah. Here…try mine," she sifted through the pockets of the elegant jacket she was wearing and fished out some keys. "What makes you think they'll be the same?" I asked, eyeing her incredulously. "Don't know. Just get the damn door open," she said through her teeth. Her eyes looked a bit wild, like she was going to snap at any moment. I had no hope of it working, but as the key slid into the lock and the knob turned I was rewarded with a soft clicking sound and the door swung open. She made a sound in her throat like a little cry, and even though I was angry and hurt I couldn't help but feel sorry for her. I turned back to the camera crews. "Give us a minute, guys," I said, winking to impart a feeling of conspiracy, like we were trying to sneak away for a moment. Some of them looked mad and some of them looked touched, that us two kids wanted a few minutes alone together. Katniss walked into the house and I followed and closed the door behind us. She kept her back turned to me, but I could tell that she was breathing heavily. "You know that they are expecting you to go down in a minute to be presented with your own house," I said, keeping my voice even. "I know," she gasped, lightly. "I don't know how I'll be able to do it. I'm exhausted. They are sucking the life out of me." "Oh come on," I quipped, walking to the front of her, "you've survived worse. This is nothing." She looked a bit exhausted and her face was drawn. She was still too thin from the Games, and dark circles had formed beneath her eyes. She looked so much older than she had just a few short months ago. And now, according to Haymitch, she had the weight of the Capitol's disapproval bearing down on her. "For you it's nothing…for me it is hell," she whispered. "Do you want me to go with you?" Her eyes rose to meet mine, something that had been happening with less and less frequency over the past couple of days. "You'd do that for me?" "Of course," I said. "What are friends for?" Her eyes lingered on mine for a moment, but then shot away. I saw uncertainty and guilt in them. "Come on Katniss. We're in this together." I walked back to the door. I waited until she was by my side before opening it. We walked out together into the twinkling of camera flashes. "I'll get you a copy of the key," she said quietly. Both of our houses still opened with the same key. For some reason that fact always brought a smile to my face. That we had that kind of trust. And friendship. A/N: These vignettes will not be a scene by scene retelling of Catching Fire, but rather an attempt to capture moments from Peeta's POV. I will try to post chronologically unless I get a great plot idea and have to back track but I'll try to make that clear. If anyone has ideas for scenes where they are interested in seeing things from Peeta's POV please feel free to share and I'll try it out.