for an opportunity to use that one for way too long. Another suggestive eyebrow waggle. Another well-deserved smack on the shoulder. Somehow, he convinced me to go get our tree. Four weeks early. I don't know how. Momentary lapse of better judgment. He picked one out, saying it was the "cutest," which basically meant "it's cheap and small enough to fit through the front door." Or so we thought, until we actually tried – turns out neither one of us actually knew for a fact how wide our door frame was. A pile of needles on the welcome mat, and in our hair, and on the floor, a splinter in my thumb, and pollen in Peeta's nose, making him sneeze like crazy….but somehow, we managed to get it standing. Peeta stood back, admiring it reverentially. "This is my favorite part," he said softly. I looked at him, and the expression on his face was so soft and so indescribably content that it made me melt. Any resignation I had left washed away like a wave. "Okay. So what do we do?" He delicately, masterfully untangled the strands of lights and draped them around the branches. When he plugged them in, they lit up in incredible, vibrant hues: primary colors, then secondary, then flashing over to white. "Garland next," he instructed, pointing to the red strand of beads coiled up on the ground. I copied his movements with the lights, going from high to low, wrapping around the tree. He followed with the silvery tinsel, but not until after he wrapped it around my neck like a feather boa and flicked my face with the end of it. "Ornaments now." He helped me pick places for each decoration, thoroughly explaining the merits of placing each little glass ball and figurine in strategic places. He moved the pieces that he thought I would be liable to knock off with my clumsiness when he thought I wasn't looking. I didn't call him out on it. He disappeared for a moment while I was finishing up the last of one of the boxes, hanging the hooks carefully on the progressively thinner branches. "Katniss." "What?" I turned around. He had a little dough disk in his hand, cut into a perfect circle. He had been baking stuff all day for the next day's Thanksgiving feast, but I had thought it had been, I don't know, pies or something. "What is that?" "It's our first tradition," he said quietly. He shrugged. "It's kinda dumb. But you stick your thumb in-" he demonstrated with his own, wiggling it a bit, and when he pulled his hand away, a perfect fingerprint remained, "-and it's a keepsake." He gently took my hand. He kissed it gently, looking up at me with those big, soft eyes. Then, he took my thumb, and pressed it into the dough at an angle that, when the two prints were put together, made a heart. "Our first Christmas." He smiled. He turned to head back to the kitchen. "I'll stick this in the oven for a few minutes, and it'll stay for years. I'll fix some hot chocolate, too." I sat on the couch, staring after him, feeling some kind of fuzziness deep in my gut that I couldn't describe. It was pure, unadulterated happiness that felt like it was going to bubble up and pour out of me. I felt it, then. The magic. I didn't know if it was that ever-elusive, fabled "Christmas magic," or if it was just the effect that Peeta had on me, with his incredible gentility, his ability to make me see things in an entirely different light, his ability to make me fall in love with pretty much anything, but most of all, him. I fell in love with him a little more, for a slightly different reason, every day. When we had started living together, I was a little cautious. Nervous, even. That's a big step. For a lot of people, it's make-or-break. And now, I couldn't be more sure that this is exactly where I was supposed to be. Forever, if I could manage it. "Peeta," I said softly, not even sure if he could hear me. Of course, I wasn't so lucky. His head popped up from around the corner. "What?" He headed my way, two steaming cups of chocolate in his hands. "I feel it," I said. I looked around at our living room. It was incredible. It felt like a completely different place. "I understand, now. At least, better than I did before." If I had thought I was happy, it was nothing in comparison to the expression on his face at that moment. He put the mugs on the coffee table, now devoid of boxes, and crawled up on the couch. He cupped my face in his hands, still warm from carrying the mugs, and kissed me so hungrily that for a single moment, I forgot to breathe. He broke away, breathless. "Katniss." "Yes?" He sat up, digging around in his pocket. "I was going to wait," he started, tripping over his words, suddenly so nervous he couldn't speak straight. "I was going to wait until Christmas, but then I decided that there was no way I could wait that long. My second plan was for tomorrow, but…I can't. I have to. Right now. Before this moment goes away." He pulled a little box out of his pocket. I knew what was inside before he even opened it. A ring, not too flashy, a simple band, a small diamond. But with so much meaning behind it. So much love. I expected him to have a whole speech written, about our futures and our love and all that we had left to see together in the world. But all that he could get out as he slid to one knee on the ground, amid empty cardboard boxes and strands of tinsel, was, "Marry me?" To which I, of course, replied, "Of course."