I notice that she is shivering. "You cold, Catnip?" She nods. "Just a b-b-bitt." She shivers. "Let's get you inside the cabin and warm up. Don't forget you have another surprise." I wink and let go of her waist even though I don't want to. Instead, I grab her hand and lead her off the ice and back into the cabin. We take off our skates. "Catnip, why don't we just leave our skates here in the cabin so we don't have to lug them all the way over here again?" "That's a good idea! We can put them on this shelf next to the fireplace!" We put our skates on the shelf and then head over towards the small fireplace and start to build a fire. After it is built, we roast some chestnuts and make some leaf tea. We move the small couch so it's as close to the fireplace as it can be without starting on fire. After everything is ready, we both sit on the couch with our chestnuts and tea, just sitting there quietly, but it isn't an awkward silence, it's a comforting silence. Finally, I say. "So, are you ready for your final surprise?" She nods eagerly. "Do you even have to ask?" I laugh and walk over to the basket I brought. "Now close your eyes." I say. I watch as she closes her eyes tight. "No one's looking!" She shouts. "Now promise me you won't peak?" I yell back. "PROMISE!" I pull out the necklace and walk towards her. "Now hold out your hands." "Oooo" She says. "it fits in my hand!" "This is the small gift, remember?" She starts to blush. "Oh yeah" I gently place the necklace in her hand with the heart facing her. "Now….OPEN!" Her eyes flick open, and for the fourth time today, she gasps and blinks 50 times as if she is waiting for it to disappear. "Gale…" She breathes. "This—this, I don't even know what to say! What—where—how? This has to be worth a fortune! Gale no, I can't accept this! You have done too much for me already! This is just ridiculous! You have spent like 100 coins on me and it's just—NO! Your family is starving Gale you can't buy me this I mean you have 3 siblings! I—" I cut her off. "Catnip, calm down, it wasn't that expensive, I bought it from an old family friend for very cheap! And I want you to have it, so sit down and let me put it on you!" "Gale, but—" "Ahh, no buts! Let me put it on you!" She sighs and turns around to let me put it on. It looks beautiful on her! Katniss looks down at her chest where the necklace hangs. I can see her admiring it. "Thank you! It is beautiful. You have made this day wonderful and given me so much, but I still haven't given you your surprise!" 'WHAT?' I think to myself! I had no idea that she had gotten me something. My face must have registered shock because Katniss starts to giggle and runs over to her hunting bag. "Now close your eyes." I do as she says. "Closed!" I hear her walk towards me and place something on the floor in front of me. I open my eyes and see a knife. But it isn't just a normal knife like the one I have now; this one is made of silver or some kind of precious metal, and has intricate carvings all over the handle. And the blade of the knife has one smooth side and the other side has ridges on it to help it cut more easily. This is a very expensive knife and I have no idea how she could even afford it. "Catnip, where did you get this? How did you get this?" She laughs. "That is my secret!" "No, this probably cost you a fortune!" I say. I can't believe she bought this for me! How did she even afford it? "Gale, do you even see how much you bought me? We are even now!" "Fine!" I say while scowling. "Thank you so much! This means a lot to me!" "No, thank you! You have given me an amazing day that I will never forget! And I will never take this necklace off!" "I'm glad I could make it special!" I say. "But you are the one who made my day special!" Then, Katniss does something unexpected. She leans in and kisses me on the cheek. I don't know for sure but I could have sworn I heard her whisper 'I love you' So I whisper it too. "I love you too, Catnip, I love you too" SO what did you all think? I don't know if it's my best work or not, but I had to rush to finish it because I really wanted to post it right on Valentine's day, so sorry for any mistakes you find! Please review and tell me what you think, because honestly, reviews make my day! :) Ok, The next Holiday Special will be April Fool's Day and it will be Prim and Rory doing a trick on their families, so if anyone wants a sneak peek just PM me or review! :) ***** IMPORTANT AUTHORS NOTE ***** Also, I can't decide if I should change the name of this story to 'Holiday Specials' and then have each holiday just be a different chapter within the story 'Holiday Specials' OR if I should have each holiday be its own story! Please drop me a review or PM to help me decide what to do! I will just do whatever the majority says so PLEASE HELP ME because I can't decide what would be easier for you guys and I really want to do whatever you guys think would be best! And don't worry you guys have until March 31 st to tell me what to do! :) Happy Valentine's Day! 3