kitchen via a swinging door, he heard Clay's father call loudly for his daughter, and then the door swung close. Finnick's nose was filled with the smell of buttered biscuits and cherry pie. He hadn't seen cherries in such a long time, they were considered a delicacy in their district. "When I heard that Clay was bringing home the best friend he had been talking about for months, I figured, what better way to use up the rest of the cherries we had saved then by making a cherry pie." Finnick felt heat rise to his cheeks, it seemed like such a small gesture, but he knew how hard cherries were to get a hold of, it had been years since he last tasted one. Before he could stop himself he rushed forward and wrapped his arms around the women who had been nothing but kind to him since he had walked through the door. "Thank you so much, Mrs. Mason." Clay's mother laughed lightly as she smoothed her hand over Finnick's back. Realizing what he was doing, Finnick released her quickly, apologizing. "There is no reason for you to apologize, Finnick. I want you to feel at home here because I can already tell you and Clay are going to be friends for a very long time." She looked down at Finnick as she pushed his bronze hair from his forehead, she then turned around and kindly handed him the buttered biscuits to take to the table. She grabbed the pie and began to walk towards the door. Just before she pushed the door open, she stopped and looked over her shoulder, " Oh and Finnick?" "Yes, ma'am." " You can call me Nahla. Mrs. Mason makes me sound so old." Finnick couldn't help but laugh. If she wanted to make him feel at home, she had done just that. The first thing Finnick heard when he came into the dining room was Clay's yelp. "Would you stop! Gosh, you're so annoying." Clay clutched his upper arm, his face was contorted with a mixture of anger and pain. "I'm annoying? Maybe if you stop petting me like a dog, I would stop treating you like one." Finnick turned his attention to the source of the new voice. It was a young girl with long wavy deep brown hair. In a certain light, Finnick could see hints of red low lights. She had a tan that matched his own, but she couldn't be any older than ten years old. Finnick and Clay's mother made their presence known by placing the dishes onto the table. Everybody stared silently at the two of them. Finally Nahla cleared her throat, causing Finnick to look in her direction. "Finnick this is my daughter, Dawn. Dawn, this is Finnick." That was when Finnick got his first good look at her. She had a slightly round face, but that could easily be contributed to baby fat that had yet to fully go away. Finnick still suffered from that himself at twelve years old. Unlike Clay, Dawn looked far more like her mother. She had soft features, but what caught Finnick's attention the most were her eyes. In district four, green, blue, and hazel eyes were most common. It was rare for someone to possess dark brown eyes. Yet, Dawn stood before him staring back with the darkest brown eyes that he had ever seen. They were beautiful and different. And he was staring and he probably looked like a creep. "Hello, nice to meet you, Dawn." His voice came out clear, and he reached his hand forward in greeting. She reached her small hand out and grasped his in hers. She had a strong handshake for her age, but he liked it. She was different. "It's nice to meet you, too, Finnick Odair." She smiled softly revealing small dimples on her cheeks. Finnick couldn't stop the smile that grew on his own face. He drew his hand back from hers, and Finnick saw Nahla and her husband share a look out of the corner of his eyes, but he ignored it. He looked back at Dawn who had still been looking at him. The momentary peace was ruined as Clay saw what was for dessert, "Cherry pie? Man, oh, man, Finn you should come by here more often." They entire room erupted in laughter. " That was the moment?" Katniss asked curiously. Finnick nodded. He could understand her confusion, it seemed so harmless, all of it. But it was the most important moment in his life because without knowing, it had lead him to exactly where he is now. In District Thirteen, waiting for the love of his life to return to him. "She will be back soon. Gale is with her. It's just a recovery mission." Katniss tried to get Finnick to lighten up. She knew he worried, but there was no threat where Dawn was at, and she would return with in the next day. "Did you two become close after that? After that dinner?" Finnick smiled slightly at the memory, but shook his head, "No we didn't. We became acquaintances. I would see her in the school hall and I would say hi. We could carry a decent conversation, but our relationship was completely innocent. We didn't see each other as anything more than friends through a common man, Clay." Looking back, Finnick saw that Dawn might as well have been wearing a sign that read 'Destined for Finnick Odair', but he was twelve, and she had been younger than that. "Tell me more. How did it get to where you are now?" Finnick chuckled at her, and he recalled the words Mags had told him the first day they had met, "Come back tomorrow and find out." Katniss gave him a slightly annoyed look before slowly getting off his bed. She did not tell Finnick whether she would be back, she simply left. But Finnick knew she would come back. He had.