had even the slightest idea that she loved me, I would have done something about it. I'm not the one she made out with. I'm not the one that she risked her life for;" I sighed. "I am her best friend, her hunting partner, nothing more." "Gale, you're wrong. When we were in the cave, and she was unconscious, she said your name. Over and over again. Things like 'Gale, where are you?' And 'Gale, don't leave me'. Each time she said it, it was like a stab in the back." I rolled my eyes. "I watched all of the cave scenes, and she didn't say anything when she was unconscious, she just laid there, hurt." I emphasized the last word because I couldn't stand the thought of Katniss being hurt. "Gale, was there any audio during the time she was unconscious?" I stopped to think for a moment. And now that he mentioned it, I realized that there wasn't. "Umm, not exactly." "You see Gale. The Gamemakers heard her but with the star crossed lover thing going on, they couldn't afford to let the Capital people hear her say things like that. They couldn't let the Capital know that she loves you, not me. It's always been you. And she has always known it. She just wouldn't let herself see it." Peeta says. "Katniss is stubborn—as you probably already know—and if she doesn't want to love someone, she will make sure she doesn't. No matter how hard it is." Even though I don't want to see the rational in his words, I do. It makes sense. The Hunger Games are the Capital's way of entertaining everyone, and the star crossed lover thing was very entertaining for the spoiled capital people. Plus, they had already announced that I was her cousin, and that would be weird if she were saying her cousin's name in her sleep. But no matter how rational Peeta's speech is, I still know that he is wrong. "Peeta, she may love me, but she loves you too. I know her better than anyone. I will be the first to admit that I knew she was just acting in love with you the whole time, but there was one time, one time where I could have sworn that she wasn't acting. That she really loved you. That's when I thought I had lost her." It hurt me to talk about this. Admitting that me, Gale Hawthorne may have lost the girl I love. But I can't let that get in the way, Peeta is being honest and it is only fair if I am too. Peeta looks at me with shock registered on his face. He sighs. "Gale, maybe you are right. Maybe she does love me, but she loves you more. You have known her for years and have always been there for her. You two have a connection that I will never understand. Like when you two can understand exactly what the other is thinking without even saying a word." He sighed again. "I used to always get jealous whenever you two would have those silent conversations. I always felt like I was missing something. Like that is what everyone that is in love can do. When I first noticed these conversations, that's when I knew for sure that I would never have a chance." I start to object but Peeta holds his hand up as in a gesture for me to stop. "Gale, you and Katniss have been through the same things, loss of fathers, starvation, the struggle of keeping your family alive. You two know what the other has to go through every day just to stay alive. You two have done it together and will always do it together. You and her have experienced things together and been through things together that have brought you two that much closer, and those feelings can never be undone. No matter what feelings she has for me, they will never be as strong and long lasting as the ones she has for you. Her compass will always point to you. It might sometimes waver towards me, but it will always go back to you." What Peeta says is ridiculous, I know this, but I am still going to try to get Katniss now that I know Peeta isn't going to try. I am so touched by what Peeta said, but for some reason I start to laugh. Peeta looks at me as if I have gone crazy. "Peeta, look at us. Most guys arguing about a girl that they both love will be saying stuff like 'she loves me more' or 'why would she like you' and we are sitting here explaining reasons why she likes the other more." After I say this, Peeta joins in and is laughing as well. We probably look like two mentally unstable people, but there is no one here to see this. After we are able to control ourselves again, Peeta says. "I want you and Katniss to be together." I freeze. "What? What do you mean? How can you even say that?" I ask. "You make her happy." Peeta says without a second thought. "And that is all that matters." Even though I am going to do whatever it takes to win Katniss's heart, I know, deep down inside I know that what Peeta is planning to do is right. I think back to that one saying, "If you love something you will let it go." I can see that that is what Peeta is doing, but I'm not ready to test that theory. But, if the time comes, I will, I will let her go. Because otherwise Katniss would never know how much I truly love her, and I will do whatever it takes to show her. So I hope you all enjoyed this! I'm not really sure what people are going to think so please give me a review and tell me how I did! -GaleLuver27