trainer a peck on the cheek and walking into my hotel room. Quickly, I found Peeta's number and was waiting impatiently for his sweet voice to come through. "Hey, Katniss." "Hi Peeta! So David said that my long run is scheduled for Monday, so I can do dinner!" I tried desperately to say my lie as casual as possible, but I know that it came out excited and chirpy. "That's awesome! Training ends at five, so do want me to pick you up at seven? Do you like Thai? 'Cause I know a really good place down the road, Ta Ra Rin. I went the with my parents when we cam ego Oregon in the summer of '07, and-" "Peeta! You're rambling. Seven sounds perfect. I love Thai, it's my favorite cuisine. Ta Ra Tin, or whatever you said is fine." I can hear him breath out in relief. Someone is nervous. "Are you okay? You sound anxious and nervous." "Oh yeah, I'm fine. Just the stress of the games, I guess." He is a really bad list, but I can tell that I should just let it go. "Oh. Okay. Well, I'll see you tomorrow. Do you need a ride?" "Nah, I'm good. Thanks, though. Good night Kat." "Night, Peeta." Ending the conversation with a contented sigh, I climb into bed for a dreamless sleep. "All righty gang! Today we will go into co-Ed groups made up of, and as I list off your event go stand with your teammates. People with a track event and a field event will have to pick. Same with doubles or whatever. 'Kay, here we go. One hundred and two hundred to the two hundred start. Four hundred and eight hundred to the start line. Fifteen hundr..." His bored voice slowly drowned put as I walked over to my favored race's starting line. I glanced to my side and saw Madge, Peeta, Johanna, and seven other people who's names I don't know. "Hey Katniss. So, are we running both the two hundred and the one hundred?" I shrugged then nodded, not trusting my voice, as if it might spit out 'Your hair is very cute today!' which it very well might, because Peeta's hair was in fact flipped to the side in an adorable manner. Just on cue, though, Haymitch's annoying voice rang in our ears. "Alright! Start with the two hundred and then the one hundred. Same heats. First will be Katniss, Finnick, and Peeta. Second is Annie, Madge, Dominick, and Joseph. Third is Johanna, Matt, Nina, and Sieter." I raised my eyebrows at Peeta playfully and he mouthes 'Oh, it's on.' "Finnick," he whispers, "is the winner of the one hundred. That means we are racing the actual two hundrerer. Fantastic. Note the sarcasm." I smirked and jumped on my toes, warming up again. We had just done a series of stretches together, but it never is a bad thing to continue them. I step into the my superstitious lane, three. I glance at Peeta and Finnick and wait for Haymitch's first command. Everyone else is watching the races so there is no intersecting races. From behind my starting block, I hear the 'ready' and step onto the block, muscles tense. 'Set' comes next and I take my hands off of the ground. The gun fires and I ease myself down the track. Around the curve, the 150 mark, I pump my arms a little more. When my feet pass the 100 start I sprint as fast as my body will go. I have a lot to prove, racing two men. Women are so underestimated in track and I am going to change that. Seconds pass, and I find myself throwing my body across the finishing line, arms thrown back, feet flying behind me. I quickly stand up, not wanting to show any weakness even if it is just tiredness. "Katniss! God, girl! You really have a chance at the gold! That time was faster then yesterday's qualifying time! 21.79! You almost are one of the fastest in the world!" I blush at Haymitch's amazement and glance at Peeta and Finnick's flushed faces who are gaping at me."And boys! You just got beat by a seventeen year old female! Pick it up! Finnick, 22.30. Peeta, 22.41." I scowl at Haymitch's sexist comment but quickly recover when I realize that I beat both males by more 0.50 seconds. "Wow Kat. Nice race." I look over at Peeta, who is bent over but smirking up at me. I grin back. "Thanks. I want to see you in the one hundred. Still one of my better races." He winks at me and I feel my stomach drop. Pull yourself together, Kat. It's just Peeta. I look down to hide my red cheeks and turn to the track to see the next race. It was very close, but not as fast as ours. "Mellark! Odiar! Everdeen! You can head over to the one hundred. Do some warm ups or something. Just get out of my sight!" I smile slightly a Haymitch's outburst and walk over to the boys, hands on hips, talking large, rhythmic breaths. "We better get over there before Haymitch has a heart attack." Finnick jokes but I stiffen slightly. Peeta, who is standing behind me, notices my change in stance, and puts a hand on my shoulder and massages slightly. I glance back and give a small smile to say 'thank you'. He gives a short nod and puts pressure on my back, wanting me to start moving. Finnick, who has been oblivious to our whole exchange is blabbering on about some girl who's name I caught started with an 'A', I silently laugh to myself and then jog over to the side of the one hundred. Soon, all of the two hundred races were finished. I took a deep breath and stepped onto the track, about to run my first one hundred since my dad had died, it was his favorite.