less revealing. And maybe, maybe she'd been afraid to admit that she hadn't read the message his lips pressed into her skin as I like you, a lot, a lot, a lot , as she had made herself believe. It just hadn't been the right time to think about love - especially when they were trying to feed the lust boiling within them so it would act as fuel to make them forget. She smiled into his eyes and cupped the back of his neck, pulling him down to brush his lips against hers. Today was the day she would say it, finally. "I - I love you too." He groaned and began to thrust slowly, his hips against her own as they bucked up to meet him. "Say it again." She laughed, breathless, running her hands feebly through the curls in his tousled blond hair. "I love... Ah..." A whimper escaped her lips when he hit a spot that felt so good. "I love you, Peeta Mellark." "You love me," he murmured in wonder, his elbows giving way, and he leaned his weight on her carefully as he buried his face in her neck. "You love me," he whispered against her hot skin. Then he chuckled a little and said in despair, "Distract me. I need to talk to you or I'm going to finish." She released a single laugh, her hand soothing up and down his back in slow movements, hoping it would calm him as he moved in and out of her steadily. "Ask me anything." "Okay..." He squeezed his eyes shut tight in concentration while he cradled her head in his hand, his other hand moving gently to caress her breast so a moan worked its way up her throat in spite of herself. "Why did you never tell me you could sing like that?" She blushed, wrapping her legs around his hips to pull him closer. "It didn't seem relevant." "Thanks," he groaned. "I feel so loved." His hand slid lower to find the place between them and found where she was aching for his touch once more, gently beginning to fondle and tease, and she managed to gasp, "Are you trying to punish me?" He grinned before his face spasmed in pleasure. "Why? Does that feel good?" he managed to get out, his voice cracking to betray the intensity of his excitement. She nodded, her eyes rolling back into her head for the second time that night, vaguely aware that she was beginning to cry out, though the sound was strange and far-off in her ears. Somehow, she was riding every single overwhelming sensation while feeling as though she had also floated out of her body. His fingers still working her sensitive, swollen bundle of nerves, he leaned down to rasp in her ear, "I heard this would feel even better..." And then he was pulling her leg off his hip and up his chest, straightening her knee so her foot was level with his face. Then he hooked her heel over his shoulder. She stared at him through foggy eyes. "Peeta... what..." she gasped. He only licked his lips, panting like he had been running hard, his eyes nearly black, and drove urgently into her from what felt like a completely new angle. It was one that made her feel as though she could scream - now, not only was he thrusting into her with new energy, but his hip also moved up against and hit the bundle of nerves his fingers had been diligently working at. The force of his lower half was much harder and much more pleasurable than his fingers - not that she had known it could be possible, but now this sensation was right up there with the way it felt when he had licked her with his tongue - and no matter how much she tried to keep her voice down, it began to soar. "Yes," he groaned into her neck, suckling at the skin there and nipping hungrily at her earlobe. His fingers found her nipple and twisted, making her cry out louder and finally find her release, shaking and pulsing around the fullness that is him within her so he followed soon after with a long cry, spilling warmth into her core. They lay there trying to find their breath, then he moved off her quickly and pulled her to his side. When he could speak, he said huskily. "We're - we're going to meet as often as possible. Every weekend." She nodded against his chest, blissfully exhausted, and murmured, "You'll finish your art and poetry education, and I'll complete my music course." "We're going to find a house and get married," he continued softly, stroking her hair. "I'll paint you. You'll sing for me. We're never leaving each other again." She released a sigh. For once, the way things were going satisfied her - she had the new life that Prim had always wanted her to, with a band of her own, a song to sing, and a future. The realisation that her sister's death was what saved her from her own decline seemed so morbid when it first occurred to her... but with every year put behind it, she understood that some things were strangely for the better. And the picture that Peeta was painting in her mind lit a curious, warm, satisfied glow within her, because he was the spring that always came after the dead of winter. She wanted him, wanted a house of their own and his last name for her own. She wanted days upon days just being with him. She had thought it wasn't earthly possible... but now, now it was. Pressing a kiss to his warm chest, she slid her hand over to where his heart beat steadily and whispered, "I'll allow it." Songs: "Sister Winter" by Sufjan Stevens "Still I Try" by The Honey Trees Book quote from: Out Of The Silent Planet by C.S. Lewis