You had me at "our own home" and that could be any place you'd want it to be." I just stare at him, "Are you saying yes?" "Yes, I'm saying yes. I had that feeling of home when I put my painting on the hearth," he offers. I tackle him into a bear hug, overjoyed. Peeta goes right to work to make it a reality. In the next week he hires a contractor to make a one lane dirt drive to the house site. Peeta divides his time between baking and painting and needs easier access when a five mile hike isn't practical. We purchase a couple of off road motorbikes to make the trek. In less than six months the old hunting cabin becomes a rustic log cabin with three floors, a vaulted ceiling, full walled picture windows, wrap around front porch, and back deck. It has ten rooms including Peeta's art studio overlooking the lake and a charming guest bedroom for visitors. Within a year's time, the world transforms around us. I have helped to bring back the Hob. Greasy Sae sets up an eat in or take out diner, tradesmen, craftspersons, and artisans offer their goods and wares, hunters their game. It is not so rough as it had been before, but it still holds the air of a loud, rowdy, marketplace. The town square becomes picturesque. I'm proud Peeta and I were part of the design team. A spacious beautiful expanse of green consumes what used to be the concrete of the square. Their is a playground in the north corner, benches to rest on, picnic tables, and an ornate gazebo in the center. We plant young flowering trees of apple and cherry, and sturdy shade trees of maple and oak. The cold black memories of the Reapings in the square, now transfigured into things that will grow with hope and newness. A future. Peeta and I have rebuilt the bakery claiming about half the block. We create in essence two grand shops. On one side the town's bakery. Of course he has orders from even the most remote districts to fill now he is a celebrity, everyone wants his products. He hires a team of bakers and pastry chefs and manages the entire thing. He still likes to decorate the elegant cakes placing them in the shops huge front picture window for the townspeople, especially the kids. The other shop is Peeta's art gallery. It is incredible. He displays his paintings and sells them. He brings to life everything: the games, the war, the forest, the ocean, the celebrities we are friends with like Finnick, Haymitch, Plutarch, and Johanna. His scenes are varied and brilliant. He's very successful. The town hall is his tour d' force and is a main attraction for the tourists that pour in on a regular basis to Twelve, now called Concordia-it's another one of those Latin words, it means harmony. Surrounding the main room with its vaulted glass dome ceiling and etched marble floors designed with Panem's timeline, is a full scale, life-sized mural encompassing the entire circumference of the circular rooms of the walls. The natural sun light from the glass dome brings every scene to life. Peeta was commissioned to design and paint it. Who would be better really? It is remarkable. Breathtaking. The first panel is a painting of me standing tall in the center of the old square taking Prim's place during the Reaping. Where it all started. Peeta recalls every detail down to my elaborately braided hair and my mother's blue dress. He paints the scenes he wants history to remember: Peeta himself embracing his father in a final goodbye-tears streaming down their faces, a discussion with Haymitch, Peeta's deceptive alliance with the Careers, me treed with the burn on my leg, Rue covered in flowers, Peeta's battle with Cato, our kiss in the cave, Thresh saving me from Clove, our positions at the top of the Cornucopia-with the mutts surrounding us, Peeta marking the X onto Cato's hand, and my arrow in mid-flight, our moments with the berries, that pivotal, subversive instant, that set fire to all the districts. The paintings continue to show my mockingjay token that became the symbol of the Rebellion, the uprisings in the Districts, the chronicles of the Quell-including Cinna and I in his wedding dress design transforming into the winged mockingjay, the war-Finnick with his trident, Haymitch with his sarcastic smile and a conspiring glint in his eyes plotting with Plutarch, Gale rescuing citizens of Twelve as it was bombed, a battle scene of me in Eight taking down the Capitol's hovercraft with my explosive tip arrow, Boggs and Paylor shouting into their communicuffs, the parachutes descending into the capitol-my rescuing Prim then Peeta and Finnick rescuing us, the new colorful flag of Pacis, and the rebuilding of Twelve. It's a lot of me, but they are all true, and it is so tastefully done, I could never object. It is our history. Some days I glide my finger tips across the cold pictures and realize the harshness of the memories are fading into the past. New moments are burying them further down and away. I'm glad for it. My belly holds the future-a living testament of Peeta's and my love and survival. She kicks in the night. I lay Peeta's hand on my tummy over her foot. "She's feisty like you," he smiles. "She'll have blue eyes like you," I smile back. He spreads both his hands wide over my belly, his fingers stretch to take in the movement of her tumbling within me. I look at his circular golden wedding band engraved with one simple word, Always. We nuzzled into one another on the loveseat, looking out the picture windows connecting with the beauty all around us. I laugh, Peeta looks up to meet my eyes. We both begin laughing together. It's infused with so much love and so much joy. We are home. At last.