could be my last night alive, I think. I realize I am hungry. Hungrier than I have ever been in my life. I press my mouth into Peetas. His passion meets mine. His fingers tangle in my hair bringing me even closer to him. My hand goes up to his shaped arms, my finger tips trail the lines and cuts of his muscles. The effort causes my robe to cascade down my arm and exposes my shoulder. Peeta pulls back and examines the delicate, undressed skin. His hand touches where the robe has fallen. "White, like a wedding dress," he muses. "Just like," I agree. His mouth moves to my ear. His lips breathe warm air over it and he whispers, "I'm in so love with you, Katniss." "Then make love to me," I say suddenly. He presses his cheek to mine, pausing. I continue, "I don't want to die without ever having known you. I don't want to spend the last night of my life horrified of tomorrow." I take his face into my palms and turn him to meet me. I want his expression. I need his eyes to speak to me. "I just want to melt into you. To experience our love, until I can't feel anything but you," I say. His mouth comes down on mine with a fevered intensity. None of our other kisses even come close. His mouth tastes of chocolate, heat, and love. (LEMON 1 INSERT M) (Title: Toasting Night) We move together. When we finish, we lay wrapped in each others arms. He finds my hand and our fingers entwine. Once our pulse rates slow we turn our heads to look at one another at the same time. We both laugh. I feels so good to laugh. All of a sudden I'm starving. So is Peeta. We feed each other ripened strawberries, finish the golden croissants and cooled chocolate drink. The fire in the hearth had turned to embers. Blazing like my dress had during the interview. Like my heart was. "Come on," he says and offers his arm as a pillow, drawing me down next to him. I used to think the Capitol had "made us," what Peeta and I were. And that Gale was the natural choice, but the Capitol had made us just the same. In fact, the Capital had dictated my life since my birth. Deciding how much I could eat, killing my father in the mines, throwing Gale and I together from mutual need by creating the hunger of my family that drove me into the woods to hunt and fight for every scrap. Then they ripped my universe apart when they drew Prim's name in the reaping, thrusting me into the games. I hadn't felt since my father died. Peeta made me feel again. Peeta chose to love me. He didn't have to, wasn't forced to, he just did. It was true. It was real. Peeta's love was a choice, and my loving Peeta was my choice. Into the night I whisper, "Peeta, are you still awake?" "Yes," he says in his sleepy voice. "I chose you." He turns his face toward me and looks into my eyes. I could swim in his blue eyes. "Say it again." "I chose you," I say slowly. Tears shimmer into his eyes and a smile spreads across his face. Then he presses his lips lovingly into mine. "I've waited so long to hear you say that," he says. Then we sleep calmly until morning. Effie wakes us and tells us we have 10 minutes till the prep teams arrive. We request that they ready us together. We don't want to separate until we have to. Effie nods and 10 minutes later our prep teams are going to work. Fluvia starts to entwine a golden ribbon into my braid, when I get an idea. "May I borrow your scissors Octavia?" I ask. She looks at me curiously but places them in my palm. I walk over and pull a chair in front of Peeta so we are facing each other knee to knee. "What is it?" he asks concerned. I simply remove the ribbon and cut a long strip from it and reach up under the nape of my neck and clip a lock of my hair. I place the soft lock on top of the ribbon, tie it in a knot and lay it in Peeta's hand. "A token." I say. "Please be careful." I kiss him and neither of us wants to be the first to let go. The prep teams are a mess, most of them are crying. Portia calls for Cinna. It was time. READ ON FROM CATCHING FIRE PAGE 261: He gives me a light kiss. "See you soon," he says. " See you soon," I answer. LOOK FOR PART TWO TITLED: YOU CAME FOR ME; FLICKERS IN THE DARKNESS IT TAKES PLACE DURING MOCKINGJAY FROM PAGE 27-28 Katniss just finds out Peeta is still alive after watching the first interview between him and Caesar broadcast from the Capitol. " You're alive," I whisper, pressing my palms against me cheeks, feeling the smile that's so wide it must look like a grimace. Peeta's alive. And a traitor. But at the moment, I don't care. Not what he says, or who he says it for, only that he is still capable of speech. After a while, the door opens and someone slips in. Gale slides down beside me, his nose trickling blood... [After their conversation] Whatever the case I have someone to tell my secrets to again. "Gale I have something to talk to you about," I say... AUTHOR NOTE: AFTER REALIZATION CHAPTER.. WHEN KATNISS AND PEETA HAVE THEIR TOASTING CEREMONY, I HAVE CREATED A LOVING BUT SENSUOUS, STEAMY HONEYMOON SCENE. IT GETS AN M RATING FOR A REASON. BUT TO KEEP THIS WHOLE ENTRY T RATED, I WROTE IT AS A ONE SHOT INSERT TITLED: Toasting Night (rated M) (their last night before the Quell)