even though we might not live to see it born?" Her face is flushed pink. Her hands wrapped around my body as I lie above her. "Yes, Peeta. Let's do it. Let's live here in this moment as if nothing matters except you and me." I remove my fingers from her and scoot down so I can see her sex more clearly. She's beautiful; so much different than what I had imagined. I position myself between her legs. "What are you doing?" I push her knees open wider. "Trust me." Her thighs are drenched in clear liquid. My cock twitches as I lean in closer to her. Without hesitation, I run my tongue up along her slit and through her swollen folds. "Oh shit, Peeta." Her voice comes out in a high pitched shriek. The taste is different, but I find myself craving it. As my tongue swirls around her clit, the tasty liquid drips down my chin. Her reactions guide me. I can see that she loves when I run my tongue from her clit to the small opening. She digs her nails into my scalp as I suck on that tiny bundle that seems to make her twitch. She chants my name over and over again. I've always associated nails in my scalp as a bad thing. When Katniss does it now, I never want it to end. "Peeta–please I–it feels so good." I grab her hips to hold her steady. I fight my own desperate urges. I want Katniss to be happy. I want to be the reason for it. It only takes a few more precise movements of my tongue before she grinds her pelvis into my face. "Peeta!" I lap up the juices as she comes down from her high. Her flushed body is enough to make me explode, but I need to feel her. "How was that?" I ask with a satisfied grin. It's funny how easy it is to forget what's going on outside of these walls. "Incredible," she says shyly. I shift to relieve some of the tension building between my legs."Katniss." I rub my erection through the cotton of my pajamas. "Do you think you're ready now? You haven't changed your mind?" "Just tell me what to do." I remove my shirt and pants slowly. She watches me closely with wide, curious eyes. My erection presses against my underwear, and I know she's staring at it. I've never been self-conscious about my body before, but now I'm covered in horrible, grotesque scars. "You can touch me if you want." She pulls my boxers down, and my cock springs free. There's no way to clearly describe what I'm feeling at this moment. Katniss wraps her hand around me, and I release a strangled groan. "Move your hand up and down..." I'm practically begging her at this point. Her speed picks up the more confident she gets. She strokes me until I have to push her hand away. I kiss her neck and laugh. "You're a natural," I mutter against her skin as I hear her giggle timidly. I bring one of her legs around me to open her widely. "Is it going to hurt?" She asks. "I hope it doesn't, but I'll be really gentle, okay?" She nods as I shift my body so that I'm hovering above her. She looks up at me with a nervous expression. I close my eyes and move my hips forward. Her walls clench around my shaft as I push into her slowly. Katniss grimaces from the feeling of being stretched. "Are you okay?" I ask tentatively. She nods, blinking away the tears. "Just keep going..." There is no way to describe what this feels like. I move languidly within her, my relaxed pace allowing me to feel every ridge inside of her. She squeezes my entire length with her muscles, feeling even tighter and more complete than in her hand. After only minutes, I realize that I can't hold out much longer. The tingling in the base of my spine begins to spread throughout my body. The only sound that can be heard is our labored breathing. "Katniss." My balls tighten. "I'm going to come..." She leans up and kisses my lips as my cock pulses, and my release spurts inside her heat. "Oh fuck..." We lay together until the sun rises. I know that one night together won't fix the problems we are surely to face, but knowing that Katniss loves me is enough for right now. I hope to sleep peacefully from now on. They tell us that the war is over three months after I was rescued. President Snow died in his sleep. It was anticlimactic but not surprising. We all heard rumors of his failing health, but I didn't think it would happen so soon. I asked when we would be able to return to District 12. That place is my home, and I miss it. I want to rebuild the bakery. I want to marry Katniss and move on from this hell we've been living. Katniss stands in the doorway of our bedroom with a smile. "I have to tell you something." "Is everything okay?" She nods, the smile still not fading from her lips. "I'm pregnant." "Wha–you're joking?" Katniss shakes her head with a laugh. "It's real, Peeta." I still have nightmares about the baby I thought was in danger. The fear I felt everyday when I was captured is something I'll never forget. I place my hand on Katniss' flat stomach and picture our child growing inside of her. This is the beginning of a new life for Katniss and me. All the pain and suffering will be a distant memory when our child comes into the world. I'm going to marry Katniss when we get home to District 12. I'm going to keep her and our baby safe. I'm going to love them both forever. Everything is different now. Life is good. I won't have nightmares anymore.