left was the wooden beam. Effie grunted and pushed the heavy beam blocking her away. Her muscles stretched and pulled as she exerted all the strength that she could muster. Beads of perspiration rolled down her back. The beam moved by an inch or so and she pushed harder and her hand slipped causing her to fall face first on the dirt. She could still hear them arguing, their voices echoing faintly. "This is not a good idea. Miss Trinket is not in a position to make her own decisions. The State is responsible for her," Dr. Aurelius told them impatiently. "Well, what if we get the State's approval to move her?" Haymitch challenged. "You're going to go to the President?" the doctor asked disbelievingly. Move, Effie. If you just wake up, you could make your own decisions. You don't need the State or Haymitch or Peeta or Dr. August to lord their decisions over your head. You could do it all if you just wake the hell up. The desperation consumed her and filled her with fire. Her muscles were sore, she was exhausted and out of breath but she couldn't give up. Not now, not when the only thing blocking her way was a wretched architectural object. From where she was standing, leaning against the wall to catch her breath, she could see the backyard with its brown, dried and dead grasses. There was a stream of light, so blindingly bright at the other end of the backyard. If she could just get to it, Effie was sure she would wake up. She wasn't sure what that light was. It could be her saving grace or it could harm her but she was willing to risk it all. At the end of the day she would have an ending to this madness. She would be alive and out of her coma, or the light could be a danger and kill her. With a groan and final push, the beam moved and created a space large enough for her to slip through. Effie gave a triumphant cry of relief before dropping to her knees and crawling out of the small space. Her palms hurt from the small stones digging into her skin but she didn't let it bother her. She was on the other side of the house. She had made it out. Effie stood up and turned around briefly towards what had been her prison for the past year. Quickly, she ran through the backyard towards the light. She was so close that the searing heat emanating from the lights burnt her skin. But that was the least of her worries. Something else was in her way, something unknown drawing her back to the house - a nagging feeling that told her, assured her repeatedly that it would be safer to come back. Nobody knew what lay beyond that light. It whispered to her seductively, urging for her to turn around back to the relative safety of the house because that was wiser than running forward blindly towards the unknown. No. In that moment, Haymitch's words from months ago replayed itself in her head. I can't do this anymore. This is not living. I'm still alive. I'm not dead, I'm not dead. I want to live, not just survive. I'll prove to Haymitch that he was wrong – I'll prove to him that I'm still I'm alive. I'm alive and I'm coming home. The lights consumed her and filled every fibre of her being. Effie screamed as every bone in her body felt like it was on fire. Her blood boiled and her muscles twist. In the real world, she had a seizure. Her body shook the hospital bed. Nobody noticed it, too occupied with the decision over her life. Nobody except Katniss who was sitting on her bed and watched in horror as Effie convulsed in bed. Despite her pain, Effie felt Katniss' hands pushing down on her shoulder. "Effie! Oh god, Effie calm down. Haymitch! Peeta! Help me," Katniss pleaded. It took a while for them to hear her. She felt more hands, pinning her down and in her world, she felt those hands as hands that were trying to pull her back into the house. She fought harder and kept on running through the lights. His face was the first face she saw. The most exquisite, familiar thing she had ever laid eyes on after years of being alone. That angry frown, the way his eyebrows crinkled in concentration, his tightly clenched jaw, the anger from the fight moments ago and the panic swirling in his dark grey eyes were all details that she would remember for the rest of her life. "Haymitch," she whispered, exhausted. Every movement in the room ceased at the sight of her. Everyone stared at her as though they had just seen a ghost. Katniss had jumped back in surprised and fell back on the chair. Nurse Stone gave a squeak of delight and surprise. Peeta gaped at her before snapping his mouth shut and smiled. Dr. August had left the room when her seizure started, presumably to get other doctors. Haymitch stood as still as a statue, staring into her sapphire blue eyes. "Haymitch," she said again. She had to tell him and let him know. He snapped out of his trance and he moved forward placing his ear inches from her lips. "I've heard you all these while, I was there all along." A/N: I hope it's not too confusing what with the shift between things that happened in Effie's head and things that happened outside, in real life! It's a bit like Inception except that instead of delving in other people's dream, I just decided to get into Effie's head and create a world for her there. I was thinking of making this into a multi-chapter fic but not really sure if I would have the time to. So for now, I shall put this as complete.