contestants left for the finale were the girl from one, the boys from three and four, little Rue from 11, Peeta and herself. They were the last two to make a whole team of a district. Like normal, they couldn't step off the elevator before the timer went off. The timer was like the timer in the first game. Right in the middle of the circle of tables was the huge kitchen sink. Above it was the timer hanging from the ceiling. "You have two hours to finish your recipes," shouts the static of the loud speaker. 5.. 4.. 3.. 2.. 1.. "Peeta!" Katniss shout as he runs to the sink for water. "Can I help you with something?" he questions why she's around him. Double checking his surroundings to make sure there wasn't a bomb anywhere. "I'm not here to hurt you. I'm here to say that I'm sorry." "Why would you want to do that?" "Because I realize that what I did was wrong. I bring you a peace offering." "What is it?" "It's my mom's little secret ingredient. I promise it will help you win the cook-off." "Really?" "Really." "Ok. I'll add it to the flour. Thank you." "You're welcome." Katniss ran back to her table and starts working on her recipe. Knowing that her plan won't kick in until the end during the taste testing, she can actually worry about her own recipe. She secretly hoped this would turn out just like her mom's version. A hour and a half went by and Peeta was the last one working on his cake. Everyone is watching him closely to make sure he doesn't explode at the end of the cook-off. "Done!" he shouts as he puts the last flower on his cake. The timer stops and everyone looks around. The Capital doesn't trust us, so we have to try own recipes, and the judges will watch the expressions we make to come and try out the recipes. Everyone takes a bite of their recipes happy with the way they ended up. All of a sudden Peeta's face turns bright red. He grabs his chest as foam starts forming in his mouth. His eyes go big and are no longer white. They were as red as the flowers that dotted his cake. He looks around as people start to give him worried looks, not knowing whether to go over to him or not. He stumbles around the table trying to get help from anybody. Katniss does not know what she gave him, but whatever it was it was working. He stops his gaze on Katniss. Now knowing that she did this. Whatever he had given him before but it was NOT her family's secret ingredient. He didn't get very close to her before he falls to the floor. That's when people start to heads toward him. When they tried to pick him up to have him sit up, his arm bent in a way it should not. He wailed in agony and forced himself to sit up. What Katniss saw then was gruesome. It looks as if he was being eaten from the inside. His cheeks were hollow and his eyes were sinking in. The spot where the girl from one had grabbed him on his arm was severely bruised. The skin was rotting away to show the muscle. There surprisingly wasn't any blood. He kept his dead eyes on Katniss as the poison finally took his life away, and left the already rotting corpse. Katniss waits to cheer until she knew he was gone. When she finally knew that she had victory, her smile was huge. It stretched from ear to ear. Peeta's dead eyes were staring at her. As if his spiritless body knew it was her. But she didn't care. She had finally won. He finally learned his lesson. He will not make the same one again. Everyone with sad faces walked back to their table and waited for the judges. When the judges walked in, they were followed by some poorly dressed men that most likely came in to get Peeta's limp body. As the judges walked around to each table, they avoided Peeta's cake, knowing there was something wrong with it. When everyone got a little taste of everyone's recipes. They declared a winner. The winner is Katniss. Everyone congratulated her for the win. Little Rue even gave her a hug. She walked back to Haymitch and Effie. Effie was almost in tears. Both sad and happy. Haymitch was just disappointed as if he knew what happened. On the train back to district 12, Katniss knew she was going to be cheered and congratulated. She also knew that she was finally going to start the life with Gale that she always dreamed of. The only difference is that she now lives in the victors' village. As she stepped off the train, roars of cheers and loud claps invited her off the platform. She saw her love, Gale, with her little sister on his shoulders. Gale ran up to her and Prim was almost jumping off of his shoulders. When she finally got down, she smothered her big sister with the biggest hug. "I'm glad you're back!" Prim excitedly says to her sister. "I'm glad to be back too. And we even get to move to a new house," Katniss answers her very giddy sister. "Welcome home, Katnip," Gale welcomes Katniss back home. Her nickname he gave her makes her smile big. "Hey you. How would you like to move in with me?" "Me? You want me to move in with you? The winner of the hunger games? To what do I owe the honor?" "Haha, very funny Gale." "Come on, let's go home." With her sister by her side and her love holding her hand, they walk to their new life. Katniss knew she was going to be happy now. No more distractions will stop her from doing what she wants to do.