sick of watching Finnick and Annie canoodling in the farthest corner of the book store. While I'm waiting for my coffee, I tug the pins keeping my own black hair in a messy bun atop my head. Immediately, the pressure on my scalp is gone, almost tingling. It's only when I'm working that my hair is in a bun. Normally, I braid it or let it fly. I showed up to work with the braid one day during my first six months at the book store, and Effie about had a fit. " It's very cute, Katniss," she'd said, "but not very professional. We do after all have a certain look we wish to project." The next day, it was up in a bun, and she never said anything else about it. By now, it's just part of my routine. "Rough day?" Gale asks from my right. Without thinking, I lean over until my head in on his shoulder. "Nope," I reply. "Just the same tediousness I've come to expect from this place." He leans his cheek against my head, and for a second or two, the day seems to melt away. "Don't be telling lies now, Ms. Katniss Everdeen," Johanna taunts, dropping a cup of black coffee in front of me. "I already told them about your pair of specials." With a sigh, I sit up straight and grab the sugar dish, dumping a generous amount of the sweet substance into my coffee and stirring it diligently. "It was just a pair of customers," I insist. "No big deal." "But this one had her blushing," Johanna adds, much to my dismay. The blush from earlier returns, but this time, it is because I am attempting not to lose my temper. I've known her too long for anything she says to bother me this much. It's only that she's not wrong, which she usually isn't. "What was this customer like?" Finnick inquires in an even more teasing tone than usual. "He was extremely good-looking," Johanna muses. "Blond and blue-eyed with these really broad shoulders, and he looked interested enough in our aspiring night manager here." At her description, I only shake my head, sipping my coffee silently. "Your mom will be happy to hear about the staff manager position," Gale says so diplomatically that it's obvious he's avoiding what Johanna said. "I didn't even know Haymitch was thinking of giving it to me," I shrug. "But you'd do such a good job," Annie assures me, to which I smile slightly. She and Gale are usually the ones I can count on to be liberal in their opinions of my love life, nonexistent as it is. Since my father died, I haven't had time to really date, even though Johanna has set me up on plenty of dates to make sure I'm not missing out on anything. "Okay, but about this extremely good-looking customer," Finnick interrupts, steering the conversation back to Peeta. "Maybe he'll come back. What was he here to get?" "One of Hazelle's books," Johanna answers. "The little girl with him was the one he was buying it for. What was her name, Katniss?" "Rue," I say automatically, adding, "she was his sister." Finnick opens his mouth to speak again, but I stop him. "Please talk about something else. When are we having our Christmas party?" I ask Gale. He glances at Finnick and Annie before answering. "My last day for the season is the 18th. It'll take a couple of days to get everything ready. How about the 20th?" "Sounds perfect," Johanna grins. "Just the right amount of time for me to find Katniss a date. Will Madge be here by then?" Gale nods, and she does too, ending the debate. I'm gulping down the last of my coffee when the booming voice of our main manager breaks up our little group. "All right, kids," Haymitch calls over us. "Time to close up and shut down for the night. Katniss, can I talk to you for a minute?" I don't hesitate to follow him away from the others as they clean up, and we're almost at the front of the store before he turns to me. "Just wanted to let you know our head man is really impressed with your numbers," he informs me without warning. Then he slows down and says, "You're doing a good job, Katniss. So if you do good this month, we'll be looking at moving you into management. Is that something you'd like?" Despite having the heads up from Johanna, I'm still surprised. "That would be wonderful, Mr. Abernathy," I practically gush. He waves off my enthusiasm but then pats my shoulder. "You're perfect for the job, kid. I'll see you in the morning." I nod quickly, and he leaves me there to close up the rest of the store. When Gale finds me, we walk outside together where his truck is parked next to my car. "Madge is still asking when you're going to come up to the District Managers Conference with me," he says as we make it to our respective vehicles. To that, I shrug. "I guess once I'm a Manager, I'll be able to do that." He smiles the same way I do, his hair the same as mine, as is his skin, which is why people actually do mistake us for siblings. "Looks that way," he agrees and then gestures for me to get in my car. I do just that, pulling on my seat belt and turning the engine over, waving as I pull out of my spot. I wait for him to follow me, and we leave the parking lot together to return to our shared neighborhood. I realize probably halfway home that I've been thinking about Peeta Mellark the entire time. So for a first part, it's not too bad, right? I'm going to write the second part tonight and post it tomorrow. At least by the end of the day. Happy Christmas Eve, y'all!