of being thirsty in both arenas. I hope this stage passes quickly. I haven't said anything to Peeta yet. There hasn't been a quiet moment in which to tell him. That insufferable Haymitch was right, once the boy got mobil, there was no stopping him... forget about catching lizards! He's pretty dexterous laying small traps for any sort of critter in the woods. He's even better that Gale ever was with his snares, and my son hasn't ever even met Gale! Both children take after their father in their artistry. They can both wield a paintbrush or a pencil like it's no one's business, but the girl, truly is a daddy's girl, following Peeta everywhere he goes, learning the ropes of the family bakery since she could toddled; but the boy, he's a natural hunter. He still doesn't kill his catches, he's like Prim on that regard: too much love for the small bunnies that hang from their feet in the air, or the bird in the cage, or the baby chipmunk in the net... all he wants to do is bring them home to heal them, and then kiss them goodbye when they're all better. Another thing the boy gets from my side of the family, is his smile. Surprising as it may be, Peeta was the one to point out that the boy had my father's smile. Peeta says the boy is much like he remembers me being at that age, before I became a premature adult and all carefreeness left me forever. The girl has my singing voice and Peeta's personality, which leads me to wonder... what will it be like, another child? Will there be a mix of the two of us? Will the child inherit any personality traits from Peeta's side? Oh dear! I hope it's not the Witch's hellish temper! I dry up my face, as my stomach suddenly rumbles with hunger. I smile to myself, because this particular symptom is Peeta's favorite, since he can show off his ability to please me, whatever type of hunger it is I feel, and if I know my body well, the naughty type of hunger is soon to hit as well! I get out of the bathroom, fixated on finding Peeta so I can spill this unexpected, unplanned, wonderful news, and demand he feeds me fresh cheese buns right this second! But as soon as I step foot in the hallway, something strikes me as odd. Everything is quiet. I move swiftly through the upper floor, checking every bedroom, but they're all empty. I practically run downstairs, to the living room, and clutching my chest in my fist, heave I relieved breath. My family is piled up in the couch, slump on top of each other, chests and small ribcages slowly rising and falling with every I take of peaceful breath. Two golden heads- one big and one small- share the same cushion, the boy wedged between his father's shoulder, and the back of the couch, while a waterfall of dark, long hair spills over the wide, broad chest that usually pillows my head at night. I smile, watching mount Mellark in slumber. There's nothing more beautiful than my loved ones snoring softly together in blissful nap. I'm about to tip-toe out of the room, when a sleep-roughened voice that sends shivers down my spine calls me back in an amused tone. "Here to join the clan, Sweetheart? There's room for one more," The offers comes from lopsided smiling lips, an a single blue eye open, while a big hand pats the sliver of couch reserved for me. A nap does sound tempting, I approach the heap of sleeping Mellarks quietly, and without thinking of it, the words slip past my lips, "How about room for two?" I ask arching my eyebrows expectantly. "Two?" Both his eyes are open now, his head lifted an inch from its resting place, lips puckered in question as his gaze drifts down my body slowly, understanding sinking in. Then a smile starts to form on Peeta's lips, lazy and unhurried. He brings his eyes back to my face; there's a softness and adoration there that fills my racing heart with peace and contentment. "I think my arms are big enough for the two of you. Hop on! who knows, maybe a fourth, or more down the line?" He winks happily. "Mmm," I try to sound disapproving, but can't quite back it up with a scowl, "Let's get through with the third one first. A fourth one is pushing it... but I won't flat out say no, just yet, after all, number three came as total surprise to me," "Ah! But for me, it's perfect!" he says enveloping me in our family embrace, breathing deeply, "Now, let's sleep, something tells me we will be pulling long nights soon enough, and you beautiful mama, need to rack up all the rest you can get!" "I can support that," I murmur into the inside of his elbow, as his arms fits under my head. It's surprising how there's not grappling fear this time around, maybe it is because I fall more in love with Peeta every time he holds one of our babies in his arms, maybe it is because I grow a little bit saner when I hold one of our babies in my arms, maybe it is because I'm finally at peace with the world. My circumstances have changed for the better, my children are the best thing that ever happened to us, and I don't take them for granted. "Katniss..." Peeta trails off sleepily. "Yeah?" "Thank you," he stretches to kiss the crown of my head. "For what?" I turn my head around to look at his mesmerizing eyes that I adore so much. "For making me the happiest man alive," he sighs closing his eyes, sleep pulling him under easily. Before he gives into it, though, he says, "I guess the odds where in our favor after all," "Real,"