the fun little rule we have this year! On that note, it's time to select the two boys and two girls who will represent this wonderful district. Ladies first, then." She shuffles over to the girl's bowl, her high heel shoes clicking along. She starts to circle her pale hand around the bowl, and I feel my heart begin to rush. My blood boils, and a lump forms in my throat. She plunges her hand into the bowl, and digs around for a few seconds, and then takes a piece of paper. Everything is quiet, and I hear the rain falling on the ground. Felicity scurries over to the microphone and carefully plucks the black tape of the folded slip. She opens it, and clears her throat to speak the name that may or may not be mine. Her lips part to speak and my heart stops. "Katen Surrey." She says looking out into the crowd. I recognize the name, and turn my head to see the small girl start to walk past me. Her ashy blonde hair is in a braid down her back, and her big brown eyes flick around nervously. She walks slowly to the stage, and climbs the steps even slower. She is only thirteen, but I've seen her at the academy. She is excellent with knife throwing, and she can run and climb so quickly it's unbelievable. "Let's give a hand for our first tribute!" Felicity exclaims. Not everyone claps, but there's a small applause, it's not much. I hear what I think is a female sob in the distance. Must be the girl's mother. "Moving on to the next girl then!" I sigh with some relief, there is a prominent chance I won't get chosen after all. I watch Felicity's hand circle the bowl again, and then it plummets in and she digs around deeper, her whole arm almost in the entire bowl. She picks up two names by accident, and puts one back. She merrily skips back to her place, and opens the slip. I am more relaxed this time, and put my hands behind my back. "And our next young courageous woman is…Oliveira Willow." She chokes on my name. Of course she knows it. She was the one who drew my sister's name after all. My heart drops, this is the worst irony; out of the two slips she picked up, I am not spared. I want to break down and run, but I have no viable option. I see disturbed gazes all around me. I catch a glimpse of my family, they all have blank, dismal expressions. This is usually when someone steps up to volunteer. Why isn't anyone? I do not know how I am walking to the stage, I have no will for it. I feel completely frozen. My body is automatic. I have absolutely no control. I take my place next to Katen and stare out towards the distance. I see nothing but the tall buildings and rain falling on them. I wish they weren't so tall so I could see the ocean. I turn my vision to Felicity who's just walking to the boy's bowl. She grabs the first slip she sees and walks to the microphone. She reads an unknown name to me, and a boy named Winfreigh Percival volunteers. It makes sense, he's eighteen. I know Winfreigh; he's a friend of my brother's and something of a genius with a trident. I've seen the way he dominates in training. Felicity basically sprints back to the bowl with the other name. "Seamus Quentin." The name is not very familiar. I look at the boy with dark, dark brown hair. He's not bad-looking, a rather handsome face, and a lean build. I think I've seen him train a few times before, but I don't remember anything about him. Not even what weapon he's skilled with. This has led me to believe he's going to be dead. The sooner this is over, the better. "Shake hands!" Felicity pipes up. I shake hands with Katen, her grip is awfully firm for so small. I shake Winfreigh's hand, his grip is strong. Then I shake Seamus' hand. He gives my hand a squeeze, and lets it go quickly. We're taken inside the justice building, where we will let our families say goodbye before we're hauled off to the capitol. I'm put in a room that looks to be some sort of sitting room. I sit on the small red couch my mother calls a loveseat. I tap my foot nervously, and fiddle my thumbs. I feel my soaked hair pressed against my skin, and it makes me shiver. The door opens, and my family comes sweeping in. the peacekeeper outside tells us we have five minutes, and shuts the door. Instantly I go into my mother's arms and cherish her warmth. " I love you" is all I can say to them over and over. "Take this." My mother says, taking my hand and placing a silver necklace in it. My sister's token I gave her when she left. I thought it was buried with her. I guess not. "I couldn't…" I say running my thumb over the locket's surface. "She'd want you to." My father says. I look at him and give a small nod. "Thank you." I mumble. Jae takes me by the shoulders, "Oliveira, you know how strong you are. Use that strength, okay? The odds are high this year, I don't think you can win, I know you can." He embraces me and I'm almost at the point of tears. "Time's up." The peacekeeper is shooing my family out the door. Ignatius stuffs a bag in my arms. "This isn't goodbye, you know. I'll be seeing you soon, very soon." He says. The peacekeeper pushes him out and shuts the door. As soon as the door shuts, I run to it, as if they'll actually come back. But perhaps Ignatius is right. This isn't really goodbye.