pleads as she hugs her father. All this while Diana watches her daughter cry on Charlies shoulder. "Diana, please leave the room." Charlie asks calmly. "I cannot believe you will let this little brat.." Diana starts her yelling again, but this time Charlie yells even harder than Diana. "Leave the room!" he commands. With this Charlie is left alone with a crying Katniss, and he consoles her. "Listen, calm down, take a bath, dinner will be ready soon okay? Shh, calm down." Charlie tells Katniss. "Thank you dad" Katniss manages to give him a small sad smile, before she walks downstairs. She has a phone call to make, that she feels guilty she can't tell about even to her dad. She calls Gale. "Can we meet up? I had a terrible fight with my mom, and she found out that I don't want to marry Sebastian. Shes's so angry." "Calm down honey. We knew this was going to happen. But did Sebastian talk to her? Did he tell her that he saw us together?" Gale asks on the other side of the phone. "No, I don't think so because I'm sure my mother would have said something about it." Katniss whispers. "But are you okay? Tell me exactly everything that happened?" Gale asks. "Well that's the thing. I need to see you because I can't talk much on the phone." "Okay. On the beach?" Gale asks. "Yes. I'll get going." Katniss agrees. What she didn't notice was the fact that her brother Marvel was secretly listening to her phone call. X Peeta rides his horse in the middle of the night, his eyes are red and swollen from crying and he can't really see ahead of him due to the darkness. He soon hears a girl's voice behind him and he recognizes it as Delly's voice. Peeta makes the horse stop and angrily jumps off of it's back. "Why, why now!" Peeta yells. "Peeta, what's wrong? Why are you acting like this? I never thought that the patrons death was going to affect you this much." Delly tries to catch her breath. "I'm his son." Peeta says and he can't believe it even when it comes out of his own mouth. "What?" "All this time that man was my father. I don't know what to do, with all this courage I'm feeling Delly. That man that I only respected due to him being my patron but judged at the same time for the way he treated his workers, and now all of a sudden I find out he's my father." Peeta angrily walks back and forth while Delly watches him. Peeta couldn't believe it. It wasn't right. He needed answers. Answers he will never get. Peeta gently grabs Delly by the shoulders. "I don't feel his blood in my veins Delly. How can this be true?" "I understand that this is hard for you. But this is how things are Peeta. You need ton accept it." Delly breaks away from his hold. "Why did he do it now? Why not when I could have confronted him, when I could have asked him about my mother?" Peeta cries, and Delly places a hand on his shoulder. "I don't like seeing you like this. You know that since when we were children, I've always been there for you. I won't leave you alone Peeta." He turns to look at her. "That's what I want Delly. I need to be alone." Peeta walks back to his horse. He then turns around one more time. "Please Delly, for this one time, don't follow me." He then rides his horse as far away as he can, and after a couple of hours he arrives at a beach in District Twelve. He stands alone, watching the black ocean. He thinks about his mother. Where she left, and why she left for that matter. He wishes he could have answers. He wonders if she is even alive, if there was anything out there, anyone. Suddenly he feels someone hugging him from behind, and as he turns around he sees a strange girl with brown hair that has been braided to one side. She was beautiful. So beautiful she took his breath away. And for a couple of seconds the two just stare at each other. "Oh, I'm so sorry, I thought you were another person." Katniss apologizes but frankly she can't help herself from smiling. She starts walking away when he speaks. "You shouldn't be out here in the beach in the middle of the night alone. If you'd like, I could stay with you, until that person arrives." Peeta offers. "Thank you. I'd rather be alone." Katniss gently tells him. "We're similar in that. There are moments in where I too want to be alone." Peeta tells her, as he turns to look at the ocean. Katniss takes a moment to look at him. Smiling she speaks again. "Then leave." Peeta nods, feeling a little sad about her wanting him to leave. "Goodnight." he tells her, and then turns to walk away, but he stops walking after a couple of seconds and walks back to Katniss who wears a smile that holds both amusement and embarrassment. "Sorry, are you waiting for someone? A boyfriend?" Peeta asks. Katniss gives a little sarcastic chuckle, but she answers in a good manner. "Don't take it personally, but I'd rather not answer that question." He smiles too, but his smile carries loneliness and sadness."Yes. Again I offer an apology. Goodbye." Peeta says before he walks away. Katniss laughs and buries her face in her hands embarrassed after what happened. The way she tightly hugged the blonde stranger. And his eyes. They were beautiful. A shade of blue she had never seen before. She watches him walk away and chuckles slightly to herself. But soon it starts to get colder, and the night turns even darker if possible, and Katniss finds herself waiting for nearly an hour. Gale never showed up.