want to here this. You wouldn't believe it. I know it'll perk you right up. Guess who's back –'' Katniss moves the phone away from her ear as she hears the front door of the clinic opening. "I'll be with you in a moment!" She calls out, trying to sound cheerful and friendly. She lowers her voice to a whisper. "No time for small town gossip right now. He's here." "A man? Well, well. May charm his pants of. With that winning personality. " he retorts sarcastically. She wonders what's with all the sexual innuendo jokes today first Finnick with those lyrics, then telling her to embrace it and now Haymitch. Katniss makes a growling noise in the back of her throat and ends the phone call abruptly without a word. Placing the phone on her desk, she runs a hand down her blue shirt that is now looking a bit wrinkled and swipes back the bits of hair on her face that has fallen out of her braid. She makes her way down the corridor to reception. There's nobody in sight. Did he not hear her? Where is he gone? Her heart races. She promised Finnick. What is she to tell him? But as she takes another step she sees him standing in the waiting admiring one of the painting and he clearly hasn't heard her coming. The summer sunshine is coming through the French front doors and falling on him. Katniss can't help but notice how broad his shoulders are, how nicely they fit in his white polo shirt. Lowering her eyes she notices the plump butt in his low ridding jeans . The man could be a model or an athlete. She can't take her eyes of him even though she realises he could turn around and see her gawking. Katniss is taken aback when she comes to her senses when she feels her tongue across her lips. Oh she'd love to charm the pants of him despite it being unprofessional. She's never experienced an attraction like this before. "Hi. I'm sorry to keep you waiting." She hears herself saying. It's then that he shifts and the sunlight no longer falls on him something yellow catches her eye. The yellow, it's a mop of blonde hair. She knows it can't be him. He left here years ago and hasn't set foot back here since. The odds of it being him are exactly zero. Her mind is just playing a memory that's all it can be, a memory and nothing more. He's facing her now. Standing before are a pair of blue eyes and that smile. It's like she's looking into a photograph. It's like she's looking into the eyes of that sixteen-year-old boy. She knows those eyes and that smile. They belonged to him. Years might have passed but she'd never forget those eyes and that smile anywhere. Neither what they looked like neither nor how they made her feel. She'd recognise those eyes and that hair anywhere. He's ingrained into her every part of her, in her memories and soul. There's no mistaking who is standing in front off her. It's Him. Peeta. He's here. He's standing before her. "Peeta. It's you. It's really you." His eyes are wide and watchful. She can't believe it. He's here. It's been six years. "Katniss." Hearing him say her name sends a jolt down her. It's not a dream. She's not dreaming he's really here. She darts across the room and throws her arms around him. He smells just like he did back then, of cinnamon and basil. She feels him warm and sculpted against her. He's real. She doesn't let go of him and she doesn't know if she can because she fears, he might disappear again like fog does into air, for she can't let that happen no matter what. Just like that his arms are around her and she can't believe she hasn't been in his arms for six years. "Is this real? I'm holding you for real Katniss?" he whispers, like he's trying to convince himself I'm real. "It's real Peeta. I'm here. I'm hugging you and you're hugging me back." Katniss' feels her eyes start to water. She remembers the painful moment from six years ago that brought her world crashing down. It was as painful as her father dying. That day he got ripped away from her. He didn't have a choice and neither did she but he's here now. He's returned and he's in her arms. "You are. I almost can't believe it." "You're back." She knows she's stating the obvious but it's still sinking in. "I'm. How do you feel about it?" he says against her ear, which sends a shiver down her spine. Is it possible? Is it possible they set this up. Finnick made her stay late. Haymitch called right before Peeta arrived. Their words spin around her mind. May you charm his pants of. But you never know it might find you anyway. And if it does embrace it. They know tomorrow is her birthday but they don't know about Peeta. Expect. Expect Haymitch, of course. He knew.. All their teasing and their jokes. All the sexual references. She feels Peeta's breath on her neck and she realises that she doesn't care. He's said himself that back and that's all she cares about. "I can't believe it." Her voice is barely a whisper, "I didn't think. I never thought I'd see you again. I thought you were gone. Forever." "Really? You thought that. That was no way that could ever happen. Don't you realise that." She shakes her head. "I thought you were gone from my life forever," she holds tighter onto him. "Oh Katniss." (Lyrics Birthday Sex by Jeremih) I love hearing from my readers. If you have any ideas and suggestions feel free to comment or pm me! Next chapter coming up soon. What's going to happen to these too? You'll find out soon enough :D!