try and fool you otherwise! And I really hope the boys haven't moved. You need to see them… Annie xx Hardly daring to breathe in case she disturbed them, Katniss tiptoed through to the living room on almost silent feet and immediately had to stifle her laughter. They were lying down together on the couch, Finnick spooning Peeta's back, Peeta clinging on to the arm that was slung across his chest. She picked up her camera once again and quickly snapped a few shots. Just in time too, as with a rather pained groan, Peeta began to stir. She knelt down in front of him and gently stroked his hair until his eyes, bloodshot and still unable to fully focus, slowly fluttered open. "Good morning, daftie. Guess who didn't make it to bed last night?" "You?" "Guess again." "No, it was definitely you." "I really think you might be wrong, Peeta." He shook his head, closed his eyes and pulled Finn's arm closer around him. Straight away he realised something was amiss as his eyes opened again. "The fuck…?" he said looking with absolute confusion at the arm around him before looking over his shoulder at Finnick still asleep behind him. "You two were very, very drunk last night." "Did I win?" "I think it's pretty safe to say you both lost." "I woke up first. I win." A half smile formed on his lips and he lay his head back down on the sofa's arm rest before he groaned piteously. "What's wrong?" The smile turned to a worried looking frown. "Wanna puke." "Well, you won't get any sympathy from me." Behind him Finnick began to stir. The arm draped over Peeta moved a little lower, giving him a little squeeze around his waist. "Ugh, no," protested Peeta, the colour in his cheeks changing rapidly from slightly flushed pink to greyish-green. "Upstairs. Bathroom. Now," she ordered him. In response he shook his head fearfully. His movements made Finnick stir even further. Repeating Peeta's first exclamation of, "The fuck…?" he raised himself up on to his elbow and rubbed his eyes with the heel of his other hand. "Peet, baby, I know you want me, but seducing me when I'm drunk isn't playing fair." "Fuck off," he moaned, clutching his stomach. Finnick laughed as he shimmied towards the end of the couch, swinging his legs over the arm rest and climbing unsteadily to his feet. "Did I win?" "No-one won anything," said Katniss. "Yeah, I did. I'm in better shape. Where's my breakfast, Peet? Hop to it." "Not fair. I want a recount." "A recount? We matched each other, drink for drink. I'll have the works, please mate. Toast, beans, facon, sausages, mushrooms, scrambled tofu, grilled tomatoes, hash browns. Get on it." At Finnick's words Peeta turned, if possible, even more green and clutched his stomach even harder. "No. Not fair. We had the same by volume, but I had a higher ratio than you." "How'd you work that one out, pukey?" "You've got a whole extra leg's worth of blood in you. The concentration of alcohol was higher in me." "I'll give you ten points for originality for that excuse. So what are you saying? You want a rematch?" He shook his head in horror. "No. No, I'm never drinking again." "Don't even joke about such terrible things, buddy. Anyway. Breakfast. In your own time." With a dazzling smile that was truly unbecoming of someone who had imbibed so freely the night before, Finnick left Katniss and Peeta alone. "Will you stroke my hair again?" he asked her, and she obliged immediately. "That's nice." "Do you need tea?" "In a bit." "Do you want me to do breakfast for everyone?" "Nah, you're alright," he said, as he closed his eyes and clutched himself even tighter. "I quite like my friends." "And what's that supposed to mean?" "I've eaten your cooking, Katniss." She playfully shoved his shoulder, apologising immediately as protesting whimpers escaped his throat. "Ok, ok, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it," he said. "I'll never say anything bad about that delicious, gritty yet somehow simultaneously gelatinous slop you cooked us on Valentine's Day again." Quelling under the look she flashed him he quickly added, "That was the last time, I promise." "It had better be," she replied as she resumed running her fingers through his hair, causing his eyes to drift closed once again. Just as he appeared to be getting comfortable once again, Finnick burst back in to the room with an unacceptable level of energy. "Oi, Mellark, I know I said 'in your own time,' but I still meant today." "Katniss, tell him he's a shit-stain. How is he even upright?" The answer was pretty obvious to Katniss in her well rested state. " I'm seeing two men who grossly over-indulged last night. One with the hangover from hell. One very clearly still drunk. Finn, you should be nicer to him. Your hangover will kick in later and he'll be paying you back in kind, don't worry." Katniss could see the cogs working overtime in Peeta's brain as he tried to process this information. "Are you saying," he began slowly, "that I'm in a more advanced state of recovery than he is?" The ghost of a smile returned to Katniss' face. "That's pretty much entirely what I'm saying." "Take me to bed, you beautiful woman," he grinned, wrapping his arms around her and bringing her in for a kiss. "Finnick?" he called out to his best friend. "Loser makes the winner breakfast in bed, that was the deal, right?" "Right." "Great," he replied, swinging himself into an upright position and struggling to his feet. "I'll be upstairs, and I'll have the works. In your own time, mate." He stumbled past, Katniss in hand, leaving a rather bemused and disgruntled Finnick in his wake. A/N - Thanks for reading! Hoping to get the sequel to SH up sometime in November. Earlier if all goes according to plan :)