memories, so she ran to her tent. An hour later she smelled an exquisite aroma and heard as Peeta approached. "Katniss are you awake?" he asked her through the fabric of the door. But she did not answer "Please Katniss, I'm sorry. I've cooked dinner." Food was something that Katniss could not deny and Peeta knew it. It could be a despicable trick but when she emerged, raising her nose, from the tent, he didn't mind too much. "What is it?" "Lamb stew with prunes. It was one of my father's favorite recipes and dishes". "I know," Katniss said "I remember it". "Ah, I wasn't sure that you remembered" he said sheepishly "I remember everything about you, though". "Well, you shouldn't. I have a boyfriend now, did you know that?" She said angrily lying about Gale. "I don't know what you intend with all these stories: the sunset, the orange and the stew, Peeta." "I just wanted to do something nice for you ..." "Reminding me our first date. Are you teasing me, Peeta? Did you really think that I wouldn't remember it?" "I don't know, Katniss. We have hardly spoken these days. You've barely talked two words with me" He said exasperated. "That's because we have a deal, this is business." "Forget about this stupid deal, Katniss. This is me! I'm here and I told you I would return " Peeta started angry when he spoke, but finished it sadly "it has just taken more time than I pretended. I was fifteen, Katniss, I had to leave with my Family" "The problem is not that you left" she reproached him "the real problem is that you didn't tell me. You knew it since we started dating, but you still didn't tell me. You waited till the last night, just a few hours before you left to tell me that you were leaving... you deceived me, Peeta. You let me fell for you and then you abandoned me" she said through her tears while hiding her face in her hands. "Katniss, please don't cry" Peeta moved closer to where she was and embraced her. He could feel her body trembling and sobbing and he pressed her tighter to his chest. "I did not want to make you cry, i just wanted you to remember about us". Katniss moved away from Peeta's hug and stepped back. "Well, I have already told you. I remember everything ... and I don't want to, because it still hurts too much." "Katniss, I didn't tell you because I was scared. I knew that if I told you, you wouldn't want to spend that time with me. I knew you didn't like goodbyes. I was selfish, I know, but you have to understand that I love you since I was five." «He said he loves me», in present tense? Katniss thought before he could keep going. "It was my last chance, so I took the plunge. I figured that if you were getting to know me or date me, we could continue what we had once I had left. I couldn't bear the thought of never knowing anything more about you, and at first I wasn't even sure that you knew my name. Everything that happened between us was a dream, Katniss. In fact, everything was better than my dreams, because it was real, and it was you and you loved me. And when you got angry with me that night after I told you and you left, I thought you'd forgive me, and I wrote every day, Katniss. Every single day for a year. Three hundred and sixty-five letters. Did you read them?" "I didn't" she replied looking at his eyes that were reflecting her same pain "but I didn't throw them either. I just kept the letters in a box, and they are still at home" "Okay, Katniss, never mind. I just want you to forgive me and go back to being friends again. I hate that you hate me. So, do you want to be my friend again?" Katniss didn't answer, her head seemed weighing all the alternatives and Peeta feared the worst when she began to speak. "Let me ask you something before I answer your question" she said as she stood up and approached him again. Peeta nodded. "You've said that you were in love with me, but you said it: in present tense or past?" "Katniss, you don't have to worry about that, I know you have a boyfriend and I would never try nothing ..." he continued nervous while he was losing his last hope "Peeta, the truth. Do you still love me?" "I do" he answered finally, laying his cards on the table. Katniss said nothing and turned around to head to her tent, but just before entering she faced him again and with a sexy gesture of her finger she pointed him to come closer. Peeta went to her and stood waiting. Katniss leaned her body to his and stood on tiptoes, whispering in his ear. "Gale is no longer my boyfriend and just in case you have not noticed, I'm still in love with you...also" Before he could answer, Katniss kissed him tenderly on the lips but Peeta was quick to respond and when he kissed her, he kissed her with all the passion he felt after ten years, stopping only when he gasped for air. "So, I guess that this is a reconciliation, isn't it?" Peeta asked as he kissed her neck and collarbone. "Come to my tent and I'll show Mellark" she said with a wink, as she held his hand and dragged him inside. THE END. Thank you very much to anonalece for helping me with my English Grammar. She has been a great support. Besides this story is based loosely in my trip to Alaska, at least the heart part is true! Hope you enjoy it, and I apologize for all my english mistakes, as I'm not native. Please, send your reviews!