with me. That's not fair." Peeta takes a step forward, and I can smell the cinnamon and dill. A familiar scent that I'll never forget. "I didn't want to upset you. I just wanted you to know the truth. I missed you a lot, Katniss." "I don't know what to say." "You don't have to say anything," he says shrugging. "I'm gonna be at the church tomorrow rehearsing with all the kids for the Christmas play. You should stop by." My dreams are filled with visions of Peeta, my dad, and snowy winter nights. I wake up with a massive headache, wondering if it's from the alcohol or the conversation I had with Peeta. I thought that talking with him would help make me feel better, but it ended up making me even more confused. Peeta loved me. He was in love with me. I programmed myself to hate him for years, but being with him again, it reminds me of why we were friends in the first place. I can see the guilt he carries. It's written all over his face. Last night I noticed this tiny scar right above his left eyebrow. Another reminder of the accident. The accident that kept me from coming home for ten years. Maybe that's why I'm standing outside in the freezing cold, debating on whether or not I should go inside the church. I didn't tell Prim I was coming here. I didn't tell anyone actually. I shouldn't be here, but I keep thinking about Peeta's scar, and I have to see him again. I open the doors, preparing myself for my next encounter. I'm faced with a dozen or so kindergarteners, standing on a decorated stage, singing loudly and off-key. I spot Peeta in the front row, encouraging his students with loud applause. "Mr. Mellark, someone is watching!" I cringe. He turns, smiling when he sees me. "That's just Katniss. She's an old friend. I told her about how great you guys are, and she wanted to see you." "Hey guys," I say, making my way to the front of the church. "I think you sound amazing!" They all smile at me. I can tell that my compliment means the world to them. Peeta also smiles. I can't believe I'm here. "Guys, did you know Katniss used to sing in the church choir when she was younger? She was the best singer I've ever heard." "He's just saying that," I say softly, but Peeta shakes his head. "You're all a million times better." One little boy in the front with curly blonde hair that strangely resembles Peeta raises his hand. "Uncle Peeta, can she sing for us?" "You want me to sing?" I ask. The last time I sang was at my father's funeral. I'm not sure I even remember how to sing. If that makes any sense. All the kids are looking at me with such hope in their eyes that I would feel terrible disappointing them. I grab a stool and sit in front of them. "Okay, this is one of my favorite songs," I explain to them. "I used to sing it with my dad all the time." "Do you need music, Miss Katniss?" Peeta's nephew asks. I shake my head. "I use my hands as music. Here let me show you." I begin clapping, setting the beat for my song. It's as if nothing has changed for me. The words flow from my mouth like it was yesterday." I was following the pack All swallowed in their coats With scarves of red tied 'round their throats To keep their little heads From fallin' in the snow The lyrics are a little morbid, but the song itself is beautiful, and it's one of the first songs my father taught me. I can feel Peeta's eyes on me, watching my every move. My heart constricts in my chest, and tears well up in my eyes. I stop suddenly. "I'm sorry, guys," I apologize. "That song just makes me think of dad. I'm really sorry, but I need to get going." I grab my stuff, wiping my eyes and heading toward the large doors. "Katniss, please just wait a second," Peeta says, grabbing my arm. "That really meant alot to me that you sang that. I know it was hard for you." "I shouldn't have come here," I say, reaching for the handle. I thought I was ready, but maybe I'm not. "It was a mistake. This whole damn thing was a mistake." He sighs, shaking his head. "No, it wasn't. I'm really glad you came. Katniss, I know that there's so much history between us, but I want us to be friends again. I–I think that we could be good friends." "It was so much easier hating you. I didn't want to face everything I've been through," I sniffle. "I'm sorry that I ran away." "It's okay. I know that was hard for you to sing again." I shake my head. "I don't mean this time. I meant last time. When my dad died. I shouldn't have left. I was stupid. I'm sorry that I didn't come see you in the hospital. I'm sorry that I've hated you for all these years. I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have left you here all alone." "You're here now," he says, giving me a shy smile. "I understand why you had to leave. I get it. I'm just really glad that you came back." I let out a shaky breath. I've had a lot of time to think about what I want and what I need to do. There's really only one solution. "I think I'm gonna stick around for a little bit. Do you want to have dinner with me tonight? We still have a lot of catching up to do." "I'd love that." There's still a lot of history between Peeta and me that needs to be sorted out, but this is just the beginning of hopefully something really special.