parents want me to be with her. It's not what I want. Katniss is what I want. "I want to touch you." She grabs my shaking hand and places it over her breast. It's through her dress, but this is more than I ever thought would happen. I squeeze it hesitantly, marveling in how soft it feels. Her breast fits perfectly in my palm. "Do you want me to get naked?" It's hard to speak so all I do is nod like an idiot. I've never seen a naked woman before. My imagination and some pictures from my school biology books is all I've ever had to go on. Katniss takes a step back and slides the thin straps of her dress off her shoulders. In a swift motion, her dress falls to the floor, and she's standing in front of me completely naked. The thick patch of curls between her legs glistens with a wetness that is also spreading down her thighs. Her breasts are better than I could ever imagine. They aren't that big. Her nipples are tight and pebbled. She's exquisite. How can one woman be so beautiful? "I–you're so perfect." I reach out with both hands to cup her bare breasts. They feel so silky in my calloused hands. I rub my thumb over her nipple, causing Katniss to moan in response. I'm nearing complete insanity at this point. The wet spot on the front of my underwear is clear evidence of how my body responds to Katniss. I don't know what I want her to do, but I need to feel some type of relief soon. "I'm gonna show you how to take care of yourself when I'm not there, okay?" She hooks her thumbs in the elastic waistband of my underwear, shoving them down to the ground with my jeans. My erection springs free, and the relief of not being confined by those tight shorts is good enough. Clear liquid oozes from the tip and Katniss smiles. "I knew you would have a big cock." She reaches for my hand with her own, sliding it down my chest and stopping right at my shaft. "Wrap your hand around it," she instructs. When my fingers come in contact with the sensitive, fleshy skin, an immediate electric charge surges through me. Embarrassing sounds leave my mouth when her thumb rubs circles around the head, spreading the liquid around slowly. "You like that, don't you?" Is that what I've been missing? Katniss places her hand over mine, which is practically squeezing my cock. "All you need to do is move your hand up and down." I start moving my hand up and down like she said. My movements are slow and jerky at first, but when this amazing pressure begins to build up in my lower stomach, I work my hand up and down much faster. Katniss doesn't stop watching me. "Let me finish you off." I take away my hand, and Katniss starts moving her own hand up and down. This tingling is beginning to spread through my body, my sac tightens, and I'm teetering on the edge of something I can't quite explain. It all happens so fast. She pumps her fist, my cock pulses in her hand, and then a strangled cry flies from my lips and white, hot liquid spurts out of the head and shoots onto Katniss' stomach. "Oh my God." It's the first time I've ever said the Lord's name in vain. I'm doing all these things I've never done because of Katniss. She grabs a few napkins and wipes the creamy liquid off her stomach. My cock is still pulsing, but it's not hurting anymore. I'm relaxed and sleepy. "That wasn't so bad, right?" she asks with a soft laugh. I pull up my pants and underwear, still coming down from this incredible high. "It was the best thing in the entire world." Katniss kisses my cheek before dressing herself. "I'm not done with you," she whispers against my lips. "We will continue this another time." The scalding hot water and soap leaves my skin feeling raw. I can't believe what I've done. How could–I should have been stronger and resisted the temptation, but Katniss pressing up against my body made it impossible to resist her. My mind flashes to Delly and her creamy, soft skin and luscious lips. Her breasts are much bigger than Katniss', and I've always wanted to feel them in my hands, but I know she wouldn't allow it. I grab my shaft and begin stroking it that way I did earlier, picturing Delly wrapping her hands around me, rubbing the moisture that begins to seep out of the tip. I try and focus on Delly's blonde hair and smooth skin, but all I can see is a thick patch of curls glistening between Katniss' legs. She didn't let me touch her, but I can almost imagine how that sticky substance would feel on my fingers. A few final strokes and that incredible sensation of relief washes over me. I watch my semen fall down the drain, leaving no evidence of what I've just done. I'm filthy. I need to stop having these thoughts, but I'm powerless. I rest my head against the cool tile, taking in a deep breath. "God, please forgive me." Katniss hasn't been back to the bakery yet. I've thought about calling her on the number she left for the cake order, but I don't want to scare her away. I look out at the large storefront window of the bakery, and I see her. She's not smiling. I'm hoping she's coming in here to see me so we can meet up again, but then I see a tall, dark-haired man following closely behind her. The mysterious man grabs her arm to spin her around. Katniss looks upset at first, but I see her expression change to something softer. I almost throw up when I see him press his lips to hers.