injured ghost with spindly legs, stumbling into the room. she was grasping an empty bottle of vodka and she was mumbling to herself. The silhouette of her frail, broken body stopped in its tracks and I felt like I was being watched. Then the dark figure returned into the light and knelt before the bed, sobbing limply and carelessly. At first I felt disgust as I breathed in fumes from her intoxicated body. And then I felt pity for this helpless woman. I wondered wether she would ever be the same after this, but I had to try. I had to be strong. I opened the cupboard next to her bed, and took out her medical supplies. I found bottles with all sorts of different names. After moments of digging in heaps of bandages and bottles, I found some cleaning ethanol and soothing cream. I faced my mother and realised the wounds were worse than I thought, bruises and scratches covered every inch if her shaking skin. I poured some ethanol onto the scratches and grazes and put bandages over her raw palms. I rubbed some of the soothing cream on her red patches. I then took a damp cloth from the bathroom and wiped up some of the dried blood from her motionless face. She displayed no emotion apart from utter pain. She continuously winced and yelped with pain until I had her all bandaged up and settled in bed. I crept downstairs and knew what was in order. The incrutious remedy. I took leaves from several small plants and found the rest of the ingredients in some of the nearly bare cupboards. I set our pan with water over the fire, near to where the strawberries and saved food from Katniss' hunt lay. When it had started to boil, I threw the ingredients in and let it simmer for a few minutes, while an idea sprung to mind. After a few minutes, I ladled some of the remedy into a bowl. I crept back up the creaky stairs and tip-toed into the bedroom, and sat down on the bed next to my mother. She was stating blankly out of the window, where the warm morning sun blazed through. "I have to do this Mom", I said shakily. She didn't move," it's the incrutious remedy...". At this she stirred and gave me a hostile look. "the-the incrutious r- remedy?", her eyes glouped into pools of pity, she began to tremble even more," w-what do you m-mean, the incrutious remedy?" "it will help you get better, we can't let Katniss know about this, if she does come back, because I don't-I- I don't...want to loose you". There was a defending silence. "O-okay", she said in a hopeless voice, "but make it quick". I slowly moved the chipped bowl over to her mouth with a big silver spoon ready to ladle some to her dry mouth, "only a few sips and it will all be over", I said in a calm, controlled voice. We both knew that was a lie but she still nodded her limp head. We both knew that after the first drop there is no going back, she would have to drink as much as was needed. My mother stared at the Spoon with Horrified eyes as it edged nearer to her mouth. As it began to enter her mouth, she started to breathe heavily and panic spread across her face- but it was too late, the first drop began to fall. Everything seemed to slow down- the drop edging nearer and nearer. The lump in my throat grew again and my stomach tied in knots as I saw her horrified face- Everything stood still. For a second I thought it hadn't worked. Then her eyes shot open with shock, liquid racing down her cheeks. Again, time stood still and I looked into her desperate eyes which had melted. Then, a horrifying scream bounced off the walls and deafened my ears. Her body started to squirm into grotesque shapes and her fragile bones began on click and snap back into place, but this was a drop in the ocean. She began to tremble and as I slipped the next spoon into her Mouth, and again there was a murderous silence as my mother gasped for air. She then bellowed a huge scream which startled me, she began to look wildly around the empty room, and screaming with fear, then wincing in pain as she slowly moved. Her eyes began to roll and her body was becoming limp, but she would have to drink it all or she could die. Spoon after spoon of incrutious remedy and my mother was beginning to pass out with the pain, she had started to loose her voice and her bones were sticking out in disgusting torturous angles. Her face twisted as the poison finally reached her bloodstream, and after another spoon-full, the effects were becoming visible. Only one more spoon, but she was fading out, her eyes closing, I quickly scooped up the last of the yellow liquid and moved it over to my mother's mouth. She was gone. She wasn't breathing, she had stopped fighting. I slipped the last of the remedy into her lifeless mouth. There was silence... Apart from my own beating heart, that could be heard like my heart was now situated in my head, so it was beating directly into my ears. I sat there, watching, waiting, praying to god it was not too late, was it all over? Was she dead? Still silence rang in the room. Just as I was starting to try to resuscitate her, she gave a slight cough and gave a small smile at me, then said, " we did it... You did it!". We just stared at each other for a while until I helped her over to her bed, noticing the great improvement in her appearance "come, lie next to me", she said in a whisper, "you've just saved me".