tightened her muscles around his considerable girth, causing them both to moan in unison. As he thrust into her, he placed a series of kisses along her neck and shoulders, wetting her skin and then gently blowing on it, causing her to shiver with the sensation. "Peeta," she moaned, as his kisses travelled up her neck, and he gently nibbled on her earlobe. "Peeta, fuck ...yes!" Every single one of her moans and groans seemed to encourage him further, making him push deeper into her, making his hands explore more and more of her body, and making each of his kisses more passionate and desperate than the last. She was getting close again. "Please, touch me..." she begged him, and was rewarded when she felt his fingers reach between her legs, grazing along her most sensitive nub of flesh. She reached behind her, grabbing hold of his ass, his thighs, any part of him that she could reach, and soon he was thrusting into her with abandon. "Katniss..." he whispered in her ear. "Fuck, I'm gonna come..." He thrust into her one last time, and Katniss quickly rolled her hips, causing just enough friction from his fingers to bring her own pleasure to a peak. Her heart was racing as the pulsing at her core sent a mix of fire and ice coursing through her veins, touching every last nerve in her body, turning her into nothing but pure sensation. They lay together for a while, the only sounds that of their heavy breathing and pounding hearts. "Thank you," Katniss breathed. "Thank you." Peeta placed one more languid, contented kiss on the back of Katniss' head, then raised himself up on one arm, gently sliding himself out of her. She shivered slightly from the lack of contact, the sweat on her body already evaporating and rapidly cooling her. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see Peeta cleaning himself up with some tissue, and sighed happily when he lay back down beside her. "Stay here tonight?" he asked her. She thought about her huge, king-sized memory foam mattress at home, with the soft, plump pillows that supported every single inch of her body, and always guaranteed a perfect night's sleep. But she knew how lonely that bed would feel after tonight, and would much prefer to sacrifice comfort for Peeta's warm company. "Yes," she answered him. He squeezed her a little tighter around her waist, and nuzzled into the back of her neck. "And...every night?" he asked her jovially. She chuckled sleepily, and brought his fingers up to her lips, kissing each and every one. "Always," she answered him. One Year Later... Katniss was in a desperate hurry, and she cursed to herself as she spilled a few drops of the boiling hot tea she had purchased. Her rehearsals were starting in just under twenty minutes, and The Panem had hired a new pianist to work with her, so it was utterly essential that she was not late, otherwise they may not have time to get up to scratch for his first night on Saturday. However, it was just as important to her that she stop by the studio beforehand to see Peeta. She arrived and looked in through the window to see Peeta hanging a few last pictures on the wall, then pushed the door open. "It's looking great in here," she said to him. "Will you be ready in time for tomorrow?" "Absolutely," he said. "There's actually very little left to do. I just need to move the chair into the back studio, then hang a few more pictures and I'm done." Katniss handed him the cup of takeaway tea, which he gratefully accepted. "Thank you so much," he said, taking the tea from her. He carefully took the lid off and blew on the piping hot liquid, taking a tiny sip. "Thank you for everything," he said. "Don't mention it," she said. "I mean it, Katniss. I don't know how this would have been possible without you." Katniss perched on the edge of the fully adjustable hydraulic tattoo chair that currently sat in the middle of the reception room and looked around. For the longest time, Peeta had resisted her offer to help him set up his own business, insisting that he would find a way to raise the capital himself. But eventually she had worn him down, convincing him that it was as much in her interest as it was his. And one day, after months of pressure, he had agreed to let her invest in him. She thought about how much her life had changed over the past year, and her hand automatically dropped to the small primrose tattoo above her right hip. Prim would have been so thrilled to see her so settled, so successful, but above all, so happy. ' For you, Prim,' she thought. "Did you see it on your way in, by the way?" Peeta asked her excitedly, placing the cup of tea down on the floor. "See what?" Katniss asked. He grinned and took her by the hand, leading her outside, then pointed to a sign above the window, designed unmistakably by Peeta's hand— Everlark Tattoo Parlour , written in a beautiful script. Next to the writing was a drawing of a primrose, the same tattoo that Peeta had given to Katniss a year earlier. "It arrived first thing this morning. I couldn't wait to get it up." He slipped his arm around her waist and pulled her into his side. "I really think I can make a go of this," he said to her. "I promise I'll make you proud. For her." Katniss re-read the sign and thought once more about Primrose Everdeen. It had been ten years since she had passed, and in those ten years, almost everything she had done had been for Prim. It was about time that changed. "No," said Katniss, turning back to the man she loved. "Do it for us ."