cake. It doesn't matter how hard I try to push the memories away, they always creep back up in the back of my mind. I close my eyes for a moment and imagine the damage they could have inflicted. Prim reminds me on a daily basis that I'm lucky. It use to anger me, but I can see where she is coming from now. I'm alive. I've been given a second chance and I don't plan on wasting it. When I was being held prisoner the Capitol could have left me disfigured. I've lost one leg already. What are a couple more limbs to make a statement? That would have been the easy solution, but they needed something more. How could they completely destroy Katniss? Take away the parts of myself that Katniss didn't realize she appreciates. It's the heart, mind, and soul that matters to Katniss, and the Captiol took all of that from me. I look like the old Peeta now, but if you peel away the layers of pain, I'm an empty vessel. Slowly, I heal and remember who I once was. But I'll never be whole again. I'm damaged beyond repair. Prim would frown at me for thinking that, but it's the truth and I can't have any more lies in my life. Designing and frosting this cake makes me feel normal again. I'm tapping into parts of my brain that I figured were gone forever. The steadiness in my hands and confidence of my work brings a smile to my face. Maybe the old Peeta isn't that far away after all. I don't know how much longer I'll be in the hospital. Maybe my entire life. I can't hurt Katniss again. The terror and fear in her eyes when my hands were wrapped around her throat haunts me. My doctors tell me it wasn't my fault, but I'll never forgive myself for nearly killing her. I set down the bag of frosting and admire my work of art. Time went by fast as my thoughts wandered to Katniss. I use to think about her all the time in the bakery, but the thoughts were lighter and happy. Now I just see a distorted image of a girl I may or may not want to kill. A smile spreads across my lips. The cake is perfect. The shades of blue remind me of the ocean. I'm really glad Annie found her love again. She's deserves a lifetime of happiness. Maybe I'll find that happiness some day in the future. The war is over… Months in the hospital and I'm back again. It's different this time. My body is covered in scars from the burns. I look down at my hand and still see her teeth marks. The fear in my stomach when she tried… I couldn't imagine this life without her. I can never let Katniss Everdeen go. Our lives have been intertwined since the day I gave her the burnt bread. She's part of me, and I'm part of her. Crazy belongs with crazy, I guess. My heart shatters when I see Annie step through the door of my hospital room. I haven't been able to face her since… well, since Finnick died. "Annie," I swallow the lump in my throat as she sits on the edge of my bed. "I'm sorry I haven't been around. My burns needed to heal." She smiles in spite of her heartbreak. "I thought I saw Finnick today…" I feel the tears welling up, but I fight them. "Finnick was really brave." I reach for her hand with a comforting smile. "He was one of the best people I've ever known." Annie nods tearfully. She doesn't deserve to be alone in this world. I should have died instead. "Are you going to marry Katniss?"Her question takes me by surprise, but Annie is different than most people. "I hope we can at least be friends." I answer. "Do you love her?" I run my finger along the indentation from Katniss' teeth. "The idea of a world without her is the worst pain imaginable." "Marry her," she tells me firmly. "I wish I had more time with him." Annie looks away from me for a few moments. I'm sure she's picturing Finnick's face. "You've been given a second chance at life, and I want you to make the best of it." "What if she doesn't want me?" Annie laughs softly. "Peeta Mellark, you really don't see it, do you?" I blink a few times, trying to understand what she means. "Katniss has loved you for a very long time. We could all see it. The only people who couldn't were you and Katniss." "She loves me," I say it slowly, tasting the words on my tongue. "Katniss loves me?" I'm still unsure of the truth behind it. Annie stands from her spot at the end of the bed with a huff. "I thought you were smart, Peeta." She walks to the door, muttering under her breath words I can't quite make out. I never believed I was worthy of love. My own mother didn't want me. I was the child who shouldn't have been born. My entire life I was made to feel insignificant and worthless. Katniss told me she needed me that night during the Quell while we were sitting on the beach. I felt that she only said it because I was willing to die for her. "Annie," she looks back over her shoulder with a curious expression."I'm always here if you need a friend." "I know." And then she's gone. The words of the men who tortured me have long since faded away. I don't hear their abusive remarks of how the world is better off without me. I don't hear my mother telling me that I've failed her. I hear only one voice. The voice of the woman who I would still die for. She's telling me that she needs me. I think I believe that now.