my existence- we've surprisingly got quite the haul, especially since we spent most of the afternoon messing around instead of actually hunting. We've caught two squirrels and six rabbits. We divide the food evenly between us and head over to the Hob to sell some of it before we go home for the day. As we walk in to the familiar building, I immediately spot Greasy Sae behind her booth selling her infamous wild dog stew. I make my way over to her and once she sees Gale and me, she turns to make us each a bowl. We both take a seat and begin to eat. I devour the soup before me faster then I should have, and I burned my tongue in the process, but I couldn't help it. I didn't realize how hungry I was. Then again, I hadn't eaten all day. I look up from my empty bowl to see Gale has done the same, and finished just as fast as I have. We smile at each other before reaching into our pockets for change but Greasy Sae stops us before we have the chance to pull any money out. "It's on the house today. You two look famished. Take care of yourselves, ya hear? I don't want you two getting sick or anything before this year's reaping," She says. Gale is the first to respond and he gives her what looks like a charming smile- but I know him better than that and I can see the annoyance behind it- before saying "Thanks." I nod my appreciation and we both get up to leave. I decide that I'm only going to sell one of my rabbits and the squirrel, but Gale decides to keep his. He's got a larger family than I do. Once I've placed the money I've just made into my pocket I turn to Gale to let him know I'm ready to leave and we both make our way out of the Hob and down to the Seam. My house is closest so I need to talk quickly if I want to get any answers out of him. I turn to look at him and I catch him staring at me with a small smile on his face. I smile back, almost shyly before asking him what's been on my mind. "Hey, Gale?" I ask. "Yeah?" "Don't be angry with me for bringing this up again, but I'm just curious why you are so touchy about the Games this year? I mean, I know it bothers you, but it bothers everyone. You've never been this worked up over it before.." I notice a little late that he's stopped walking and I turn to walk back over to him only to find him deep in thought. I give him time though. Finally, he seems to snap out of his thoughts and back to me and our conversation and he looks up with somewhat of a pained expression, one that I really wasn't expecting. I immediately regret bringing it up. I don't like seeing Gale like this. I open my mouth to say something, but he's already started speaking. "Katniss, you don't understand, I was being serious when I asked you to run away with me. I've been thinking about this.. You.. Us a lot lately. I can't just sit through another reaping. Rory and Vick will eventually come of age and their names will be put into the drawing and Posy soon afterwards. This is my last year. Don't you understand? This is my last year. How am I supposed to just sit back and watch if either of them is called? I won't be able to do anything. You've still got two more years, what if your name is called? Katniss, I can't lose you. That's why I've been so 'touchy' about it..." he says the last part sarcastically, "I can't watch everyone I love go through that when I'll be standing safely in the audience. I won't be able to protect you after this year." "Gale, I understand why you're worried and I'm.. Sorry." I say awkwardly. "I'm sorry it has to be this way, but there's nothing we can do to change anything. This is how it's always been and this is how it's going to stay as long as the Capitol is in control." By the time I finish speaking, my voice is just above a whisper and I look down awkwardly at my intertwined fingers, unsure of what else to say to him. We've both been quiet for so long that I have to look up to see what he's thinking. He seems to be having some kind of internal struggle with himself.. As if he's fighting with what he wants to say next. Finally, his eyes meet mine and he seems to have decided what he wants to say. "Katniss, I.. it could.." he pauses and takes a breath, "Never mind," he says and then runs his hands through his hair in what looks like frustration as I try to understand the agitated expression on his face. He shakes his head slightly before continuing, "Never mind, it can wait.." he says almost uncertainly. He turns to leave, and I stand there in confusion, unsure of what's just happened and what exactly he was trying to say. "I'll see you later, Catnip" he says with a smile that doesn't reach his eyes and then he walks away, leaving me at the gate in front of my house in a state of utter confusion. I turn to walk towards my house, worried that Gale's agitated state has to do with more than just the upcoming reaping and unsure of how to feel about his strange behavior. As I close the front door, the last thing that goes through my mind is how do I help Gale? I need to be there for him like he's always been there for me. I need to be there for my best friend.