here is that you don't know if you will want to marry, ever…" "We don't know what will be left after war!" "That doesn't matter if we love each other! Because I love you Katniss, do you love me too?" "You know what I feel about you," I said taking a step and closing the gap between us to hug him. But he moved abruptly away from me. "That is not enough, Katniss. Not anymore." He answered me as he took his clothes to leave. "Where are you going? You don't need to report until tomorrow…" "I need time away from you. Think about what you want to do with this relationship and we could talk about it next time when we see each other in five weeks. Take care till then". Gale left without any more word and my world changed, though I've could never imagined how much It was going to change. Few days later I started my training to become a spy, I would infiltrate in France to help my country to win the war and to release France from the nazis. The agent training involved radio comms, strategy, weapons, knowledge of nowadays France and never ending physical practice sessions. The last one was my favorite though as I didn't think about anything. Five weeks had passed by and I still didn't heard news from Gale, I was starting to worry at that point, but no one gave me information. The night before I had to flight to France for my yet unknown mission, I received a call. "Miss Everdeen?" I heard a voice through the line. "Yes" I answered. "Lieutenant Thom Bryan speaking, I'm Gale's friend" my blood froze because I knew what that meant. "Is he dead?" I asked, scared to hear the answer. "No mam, his plane was shot down in France but some fellows saw his parachute opened, we hope he is hidden somewhere, Gale is one of the best." "What zone?" I inquired. "Please…" I begged him. "Alright but don't tell anyone we have spoken about this. His plane was shot down somewhere near Calais , in the North of France" Next morning after lying to all my friends I went to the headquarters. I had to tell them that I was coming back home because my mother was sick, but before leaving Johanna stopped me and gave a hug. "I hope you can lie better In French. Safe travels, brainless" Johanna said smiling knowingly. Plutarch was there waiting for me. I appreciated it was him and no a stranger the one who was going to debrief me the details of my first mission, a mission that would lead me to France, near from Gale and I couldn't help I'd try to find information about him, once I was there. "From now, you are Catherine Auberg, under no circumstances you are entitled to reveal your real name, not to your contact agent or your cover" I nodded to confirm I understood "you will jump out by parachute in Vichy France, near the occupied zone. You will pick up there by your field contact, Haymitch Abernathy and the agent from the french resistance, the one that will be your cover. "My cover is..." I said impatiently to know the details of the mission. "You will work in the bakery that the father of the french agent owns, in the North in a village called Giberville, near Caen. Monsieur Mellark, has planned to return to help his father to run the business after his mother passed away. You will go will go with him as his fiancée. The bakery will be the contact point, different agents will provide you with information you'll have to transmit over the radio". "Have you just said fiancée?" I asked off putting. Public display of affections wasn't my strength. "Any problem?" "No. Not really" "That's all for now, you will get more information on the field. Captain Boggs will give you your luggage, everything has been bought or made in France. We expect that if you are caught your name will be the only one they know. A pill of cyanide is seen in the arm of your coat. Last thing, Katniss" Plutarch said "don't order a cafe au latte, they haven't made it since last year" "Bonne chance... Catherine" Plutarch told me as a goodbye. The flight was more quiet that I expected, and during that time I focused on review all the jump technique I'd learnt in the last weeks, when the moment arrived, I breathed deeply and without thinking anymore I leaped into the void. It was a low-height jump, and in those cases the parachute opened as soon as you leave the plane. Very soon I saw the lights which indicated the meeting point but the wind was too strong and I couldn't control the flight. I realized I was pulling away from the place I should be landing and noticed that I was approaching a dense forest. Suddenly I collided against a tree, and then I crashed with other ... And another till a punch of pain got me unconscious. Later, I was told that I was unconscious only a few minutes and when I woke up, someone had released me from my helmet and was caressing my hair while pronouncing my name... No, not my name but Catherine. When I opened my eyes I could see under the moonlight, eyes so blue that seemed unreal and a I heard a melodic and grave voice saying. "I'm Peeta Mellark. Welcome to France" Next chapter: France Thanks for reading, hope you like it and that you're not angry because Peet doesn't appear till the end of the first chapter. I can assure that he will be present ( like All the time in the two next. Chapters). Next Chapter Will be Full of action and romance. See you soon! Special thanks to Titania522, Javistg, Inmyfavor and Notanislander for reviewing, translating and correcting all my mistakes.