Peeta and I got married. It was a different feeling of nerves, though. I was more anxious for my future with Peeta, and now I'm afraid I won't have a any sort of future at all. My wedding dress is nothing short of perfection. It's simple but has tiny details that make it unique. Peeta's going to die when he sees me. Prim dabs at the wet spots under her eyes. She's been crying all morning. "I can't believe you are really getting married!" Honestly, I never believed that marriage was the right fit for me, but Peeta changed my thoughts on that easily. I want to be his wife. It's thrilling to be able to tell people that Peeta will be my husband. He's damn near perfect in my eyes and I want everyone to know that I belong to him. Still, there's a constant feeling of butterflies in my stomach that I can't shake. I have no doubts about my future with Peeta, but it's still a nerve wracking feeling. Everything's changing and I hope that I'm ready for this new adventure. "I need to see Peeta." Prim looks at me with one eyebrow cocked. "Katniss, it's bad luck!" I roll my eyes which Prim doesn't appreciate it. "You aren't having second thoughts are you?" "No!" It's shocking she would even suggest that. "It's just - please Prim, go get him." She leaves without saying a word. I pace the room waiting for Peeta. The door opens slowly. I don't let Peeta get all the way inside before I'm hugging him tightly. "Katniss, what's wrong?" Being in his arms reminds me that everything's going to be okay. Growing up, I never felt that my parents supported one another. Peeta's love has opened my eyes to a whole new way of living. We support each other through every moment. Sometimes, words aren't even necessary. Knowing he's close by is good enough. "I was just feeling nervous, but i'm okay now that you are here." Peeta sighs loudly. "I thought you were changing your mind or something!" "Peeta, there is nothing I want more in this world than to be your wife." I kiss his soft lips. "I love you." He whispers. "I love you more." He laughs to himself before leaving the room. "If you say so." *** Each morning I wake up and for one second I forget that Peeta has cancer, hoping it has all been a bad dream, until I hear the sounds. That awful retching wakes me up every day. I quickly throw off the covers and stand up at the side of our bed. A sharp pain shoots down my back and spreads to the front of my stomach. "Oh shit!" Ignoring the pain, I open the door to the bathroom rushing to Peeta's aid. I grab a washcloth and wet it with cold water. I've found the coolness on his face and the back of his neck helps his nausea subside. "It's okay Peeta." I rub slow circles on his back, hoping that it's bringing him some comfort. The chemotherapy treatments haven't been so bad, it's the few hours afterward that are hell. Peeta suffers from the typical side effects. He can barely eat and when he does, it doesn't seem to matter. It all comes back up, or out, one way or the other. If it's not vomiting, then he suffers from diarrhea. I can't take seeing Peeta so miserable. Sometimes, when I offer comforting words or check on him, he pushes me away. I know he wants to appear tough and doesn't want me to worry, but it hurts to be dismissed like that. Another sharp pain shoots down my back. I suck in my breath. Peeta turns around, his eyes swimming with worry. "Katniss?" I swallow the lump in my throat. "It's nothing." I'm lying to him. This doesn't feel like nothing. It feels like a huge cramp. I turn away so he can't see my tears forming. "Let me go get you some crackers from downstairs." Peeta grabs my arm. "Katniss, please just tell me the truth." "Honey, I'm fine." I try to reassure him, but Peeta's smart, he knows me so well. He wipes his face with his hands and slowly stands, turning to me. His eyes are swollen and red from the vomiting. He steadies himself as his palms grip my shoulders. "I can tell something's wrong. You're hurting and hiding it from me." His glare is intense and frightening. I always feel safe with Peeta, but I'm concerned this illness is getting the better of him. "Tell me! I need to know if something's wrong!" His sudden tremors reveal his instability. I gingerly remove his hands from me and guide him toward the bed. "Please stop getting yourself all worked up. Dr Abernathy told you -" "Fuck Dr Abernathy!" He releases his hand from mine, whipping it away. "It's the baby isn't it? You're stressing out and it's affecting the baby?" I place my hands on his chest, his heart beating so fast. "The baby is fine. I'm fine." I gaze up at him, trying to push aside any fear, remembering this is my husband that I love. "You're the one we need to focus on right now, Peeta. I need you. The baby needs you." I fight back, but the tears find their way out. "You remember what he said didn't you?" Peeta asks me, his voice softer now. "This chemo could take away our chances of having another baby, Katniss." Peeta places his hand on my rounded stomach. "This baby could be our only shot. Promise me you'll take care of yourself." Nodding, I realize my tears keep streaming. I can't tell if I'm crying because of all the emotions I'm going through or from the intensifying pain in my back and stomach. I assure him, "Everything is going to be fine." The more times I say it, the less I really believe it.