on the screen. She felt eyes on her today and it made her want to run off to the woods and stay there until the Games ended. Everyone pitied her because they knew she was close to Gale and Madge both. She hated them for it. The television fixated on Madge, of all things. She still was hiding after the mutt attack. Then, to stop her from being so boring, a fire began to burn the foliage and dry grass. Madge choked on the smoke as she jumped up and tried to run from the wildfire. It licked at her heels and she screamed, dashing through the burning hot desert, when it burned her arm, melting her jacket into her skin. She began retching at the sight, and that moment let Conifer from 7 catch up to her. Conifer drew her axe and hacked it Madge's way. Madge managed to dodge by diving onto the ground. The axe thwacked into the burning grass. Slowly, Madge stood up and grabbed Conifer by the shoulders as she tried to recover her weapon. Madge began to cry again as she shoved Conifer into the fire that rose too high to be realistic. A desert would not burn so ragingly high, higher than a bonfire, higher than a building. She covered her ears to muffle the agonized screaming as she ran away. Her legs moved on their own accord, smashing against the desert as she ran from the brush fire. Ran right into Gale Hawthorne's chiseled chest. He grabbed her gently by both arms and held her in place. Conifer's cannon finally fired. Four deaths remained. Katniss held her breath again and thought she might faint. "Madge," said Gale, "it's okay." "No, it's not!" wailed the blonde. "It'll never be okay again." Gale refused to release her until she calmed down and sat by the stream with him. He shared game with her and they ate a sickly lunch. Mandatory Viewing ended. Katniss could not focus on Geometry or Earth Science to save her life today. Maybe never again. -::- In the Town Square, District 12 gathered as the finale began. Madge, Gale, and the two twins from District 2 remained. Peeta knew that the odds were against the tributes from his district. He stole a few glances at Katniss while she glowered at the bright screen. Brush fire drove the tributes together. They stood in the middle of the desert, surrounded by cacti and dusty rocks. Gale drew his bow and pointed it at Caius. It dripped with the rattlesnake venom. Cassia began to throw knives at him and he shoved Madge towards a boulder. The mayor's daughter did not have to be told twice to hide. Gale hit Caius in the arm with his poisoned arrow. Caius stumbled backwards, snarling from the pain. Cassia dashed forward, slicing her knife into Gale's arm. He took several steps backwards. He fired one arrow right before one of Cassia's knives hit his shoulder. It punctured Cassia right through the eye, and she collapsed onto the ground. Cassia's cannon fired, and, in a fit of rage, her brother Caius briefly recovered from his injury, ran forward, bellowing in anger and grief, and skewered Gale with his sword. The hunter boy bellowed in agony as Caius stood over his limp body. "You killed my sister. This'll hurt," he growled with a sneer. "I want it to hurt. No getting out of this easy, Twelve." He stomped his foot down, breaking Gale's hand, and ran off into the desert. Madge emerged from her hiding place and vaulted over the boulder. She knelt at Gale's side and gently took his hurt hand in hers. "You're going to be okay," she insisted, despite the fact that he lay in a puddle of his own blood, his breathing labored. "You're going to be okay." "Was Katniss the girl you mentioned in the interview?" asked Gale. Madge set her hand on his chest. "Please don't talk. Please. I can still save you. Haymitch might send—" Gale snarled, "Was. Katniss. The. Girl?" Madge squeezed her eyes shut. "Yes," she whispered. Gale laughed, which turned into a wet cough. Madge blanched. "Good luck with her," he said, shaking his head. "She's a little emotionally obtuse." "I noticed," Madge said softly. "But you're not half bad for a townie. I give you permission to date Katniss." Madge mirthlessly laughed. "Why do I need your permission?" "Because me and Catnip look out for each other. That's why," said Gale. "She's like my sister and any guy—or girl—better damned ask for permission to date my sister." Madge softly remarked, "Well, then, thank you for your permission, Mr. Hawthorne." But I think Katniss will be the one to decide, Madge thought. "The poison from my arrow should kill Caius. You just need to run as fast as you can and hide until he's dead." Madge whispered, "Oh… okay." They lingered in silence for a long while. At last, Madge asked the cold, dying boy lying before her, "Gale, what're you doing?" Gale opened his eyes, then closed them again. He finally said, "I'm listening to the birds." Madge pressed her palm against her pin and listened with him. It took her a moment to tune out her thoughts, but at last her ears latched onto the mockingjay song. "Beautiful," Madge quietly remarked. "It's beautiful." "Yeah," murmured the hunter boy. At that exact moment, Gale Hawthorne's cannon fired and the startled mockingjays vacated their perches in a raucous flutter of wings. Madge watched them fly overhead as the tears dripped from her sapphire eyes. -::- On a train speeding towards District 12, Madge Undersee accidentally pricked her finger on her mockingjay pin as she removed it from her pink silk blouse. She hissed through her teeth as she fumbled to close it. The blurry scene outside of the train window began to clarify, revealing the trainyard of coal shipments, and, slowly, the locomotive stopped. She was home at last.