Effie. Put him to bed before he embarrasses the both of you," Peeta said, looking over his shoulder at a group of people, some of them clutching on to their cameras. Instead of being pleased with the idea, Effie was appalled at the thought of being alone in a room with Haymitch. She shook her head adamantly. "I – I can't," she stammered slightly. "The feast isn't over yet, in any case. We can't just leave. Don't you think that'll be rude?" At the word leave , Haymitch who was slumped over the table before this lifted his head up. He squinted at Effie in interest. "Leave?" he asked hopefully. "Is this damn thing over?" Without waiting for any of them to reply, Haymitch stood up abruptly, scraping his chair loudly on the parquet floor. "Come, Effie," he beckoned. The decision had been taken out of her hand. She couldn't just leave him stumbling alone to find their room. Effie exchanged a look with Peeta, her eyes reflecting the uncertainty she felt. Effie made to follow Haymitch but her steps were unsure and unsteady so very unlike the usual self-confident Effie Trinket that everyone knew. Peeta jogged towards her as she descended down the steps. "It's your wedding night, so, I think it'll be okay to leave before the ceremony is over. People are leaving anyway. We'll cover for you. Katniss and I will come by to see you tomorrow." "Peeta, I don't think it's a good idea for me to be alone with him," she whispered urgently. This was not how she imagined her wedding night to be. A teenage Effie Trinket had always thought the night was supposed to be filled with romance and love but she learnt quickly that life did not always turned out the way she expected it to be. She certainly did not expect to be married to Haymitch. Knowing that it was Haymitch that she would be marrying, Effie had lowered her expectations. He was not a romantic man, she knew that and so she did not expect the night to be filled with roses on the bed and soft music playing in the background but the least she had hoped for was to be with someone sober enough to consummate their marriage without the risk of him passing out on top of her. Effie did not want to be alone with him right now. If she could delay it one more night, she would or at least until Haymitch had some decent control over his mental faculties. "You've been working with him for years, Effie. You've been in a room alone with him before," his brows crinkled, not quite understanding why Effie was being so hesitant. "Yes but that was different!" "Effie," he said patiently, "he's your husband. You have to learn to –" "Trinket!" Haymitch's voice boomed over the hallway. "The door is locked. You better have the keys or I swear I will break open this door." And to prove his point, Haymitch rattled the door knob violently in his hand. XxX Walking into the room, Haymitch grabbed a bottle of whiskey from the table and collapsed on the bed. "You ought to change out of your dirty clothes before lying down on the clean sheets," Effie reprimanded him, the same thing she had told him each time she supported him back to bed at the Penthouse, drunk out of his skull. Haymitch growled in annoyance but pushed himself off and sat at the edge of the bed with his feet planted firmly on the ground and elbows resting on his knees. He pinched the bridge of his nose and squeezed his eyes tight. Knowing there was nothing else to say, Effie walked past him towards the bathroom when his hand shot out to grab hold of her slender wrist. Effie yelped in surprise. He tugged gently on her hand, urging her to move closer to him. Her eyes darted from him to the bathroom door as she stood before him, uncertain of what he wanted. His fingers were still curled around her wrist. Haymitch blinked furiously, trying to clear his head and will the two images of his wife swimming before him to converge. Haymitch cleared his throat, his thumb brushed against her inner wrist. "We have to - " "No," she shook her head, "you're drunk." "How observant," he chuckled. "I can still do it, you know. I can… what was that word your aunt used? Ah, I can function." Effie laughed bitterly. "That is all well and good but the fact remains that you're drunk. You and I are not going to consummate this marriage while you're drunk. And besides, I thought you didn't want to have sex with me. Wasn't that what you said earlier? The thought of sleeping with me seems very repulsive to you." Haymitch scrunched his face, desperately trying to think back if he had indeed said that. He was very certain he didn't find her repulsive. The more he tried to remember it, the more the memory eluded him. "Yes, but we have to," he repeated. "Something about the law…the law… it says…" Once again, his brows furrowed in concentration as he tried to recall what he had meant to say in the first place. What did the law want him to do? With a frustrated sigh, Haymitch disregarded the thought. Thinking too much was beginning to hurt his head especially not when he was incapable of latching on to a concrete thought process in his current state. Slowly, he released his hold on Effie and watched as she bolted into the bathroom, away from him. The lock slid into place. Effie did not come out for a long time. I imagined a lot of awkward fumbling or… maybe not. I'm not sure if I should write the smut or the next chapter even but I'll keep my options open though. Please tell me if you like it! Thanks for reading :)