my way after Peeta. He has a good head start on me, but once we reach town, he manages to evade me. "Peeta! Please ! Come back!" I yell through the streets trying not to get upset and cry. "Peeta!" I was coming close to tears and fear of not finding him when suddenly I am caught by Greasy Sae. "Did he hurt you this time?" she asks once I quit struggling. "No," I choke out. "Where is he?" "I don't know. We saw him run past us, Haymitch went after him. What happened if he didn't hurt you? Come on, lets get you inside." After I calm down and sit on the couch in my living room Greasy Sae asks me what happened again. "We went into the woods, sat by the lake, feel asleep, on the way back into the District we ran into Peacekeepers that Darius scared off," I say. "Peacekeepers? In the Districts?" "Yeah, Darius threatned that since he knows me he would just come right over and call the Capitol if they didn't leave they said they were looking for Traitors," I tell her. A worried look crosses her face as she too wonders why there were Peacekeepers in District 12. We sit in silence until we hear Peeta and Haymitch return. This time, I immediately jump up and fling myself into Peeta's arms. "Its okay Katniss," he replies startled. "No. Its not. You two are lucky Darius went looking for you in the open," Haymitch says. "Peacekeepers are apparently notified any time someone leaves any of the Districts by foot. We may have won the war, but the new President isnt happy about the decision of using Capitol children for a final Hunger Games. Ran into Effie Trinket earlier today. The President wants to meet the both of you later this week," he goes on. "Who is the new President?" I ask. "Shes not revealing herself to the Districts until she has everything thing set up. She had Snow's notes as well as Coin's notes to go over and through and shes apparently making a lot of changes of her own." "What kind of changes?" Peeta asks before I can. "Not quite sure. Effie didn't say much," I'm sure Effie told him more than he's telling us, however this doesn't bother me as much as it normally does because I know we'll find out for ourselves from a more trustworthy source soon. I'm still standing wrapped in Peeta's arms when Greasy Sae sighs reminding us she's still there. "I'll be back for breakfast in the morning." We watch as she leaves my house. It isnt until I yawn that Haymitch mumbles something about unattended vodka on his kitchen table and something about Peeta needing to find his own bed tonight, that he too leaves my house. Even though we're standing, I find myself falling asleep in Peeta's arms. "Come on Katniss, time for bed," he says pushing me away a little so I can walk up the stairs on my own. I stumble into my room, trip over my feet and fall luckily, on my bed. Peeta chuckles at me as he sits on my bed beside where I have climbed up. He tucks me under the covers and kisses my forehead. "Ignore Haymitch's last comment. Stay with me?" I ask. He smiles. "I plan to. My house is so boring and lifeless, full of things that hurt to remember," He gets up, "I'll be back. Just want to make sure all the lights are out," he leaves the room. I sit up and prop myself up against my pillows reflecting over the recent events. Peacekeepers who track the woods, new President, I'd forgotten about the Capitol Hunger Games, and then Peeta who's still so fragile. "All out," he announces as he enters the room turning out the lights and blindly crossing to my bed. Once he climbs in and allows me to snuggle against him, I ask his opinions. "Why did you run away when Darius told us Districts 11 and 13 were also looking for us?" This is the first thing I want to know. "I couldn't handle it. I told you earlier I hate what Snow did to me as much as you do. I wish things were different. I hate how it affects not only you, but our entire District as well as the District's closest to us. They have to be on guard from my attacks too even though you're the only one I was designed to kill," "But yet, you love me, and I love you, and your heart's feelings are the only ones that matter," I smile. "Yes, I love you Katniss. I honestly have liked you for a long time, so it wasn't too much of an act on my part. Hey…" he trails off. He places his hand on my stomach. "Whats the story for why we don't have a kid?" he asks. I smile a little. "I had a miscarage after the rebel's kidnapped me because I was so upset no one would tell me where you were or where I was and I was distraught and refused any aid they offered." "Oh. Okay. I guess that makes sense. Good thing to know," he replies. "I never thought about it after a while," I reply. It was true. After I'd told the people in District 8 before they were bombed, it didn't really matter to me. He moves his hand from my stomach and wraps his arm back around my waist pulling my closer to him. "I hate that you have to deal with this too, but even when you're trying to kill me I'm still here for you and I love you." I tilt my head up and gently press my lips against his. "Goodnight Katniss," he chuckles as he returns the kiss. "Goodnight Peeta," I smile and then rest my head against his shoulder closing my eyes and drifting off to sleep.