illusion, he quickly went to the front door, and raised his eyebrows at the sight that greeted him. The mince pie and carrots were gone, and an empty beer bottle stood next to the plate. Katniss must have got in there first before going to get Freya. Shaking his head a little, and grinning at his wife's appreciation for food, he quickly went upstairs to their room. "How was she?" he asked, as soon as the bedroom door was closed. "She seemed pretty excited," Katniss grinned, stepping closer to him. "You're a great dad, you know." "And you're a perfect mum. And a perfect wife," he added as Katniss opened the red jacket, throwing the cushions he had used as padding on the bed. She pulled the hat and fake beard away and discarded them on the floor before allowing Peeta to tilt her chin upwards and capture her lips in a soft insistent kiss. Katniss helped him out of the rest of the costume, which they hid in the wardrobe as a precautionary measure, knowing how likely it was that they would be woken at a pretty unreasonable hour by their daughter. But they still had several hours to kill until such an intrusion was likely. And they planned on using that time very wisely indeed. 25 th December It was barely 5 o'clock in the morning, when Katniss and Peeta were woken by their excited daughter. "Mummy! Daddy! I saw him! He's real!" she hissed, as her parents began to stir. "Told you," mumbled Katniss, as Freya clambered into bed between her parents. Katniss put her arm over her daughter, and placed several kisses on the back of her head. "But he's real," Freya repeated. "I saw him." "I know, cupcake," said Peeta, smiling in his half-asleep state as he rolled over to face his daughter. "D'you see him putting presents under the tree last night?" "No," laughed Freya. "That was you dressed as him, silly-billy!" Peeta fully opened his eyes to look at his daughter. "No it wasn't," he protested. "Yes it was ," proclaimed his daughter. "I saw him eat the mince pie outside, but he wouldn't come in because you were still awake. But then he came back. When you were asleep, he came back!" A slight frown creased his brow as he tried to process the information. He hadn't eaten the food they'd left out; Katniss must have done. Freya must have been dreaming. "Issreally early," he slurred, closing his eyes once again. "Tell us all 'bout it in th'morning." "But Daddy," she said, her tone urgent and insistent. "He was just here. Just now. And he left us presents." "I know," said Katniss, and Peeta could hear the sly tone creeping into her voice which inevitably meant that his time in bed was about to be cut short. "Why doesn't Daddy go and make all of us some hot chocolate, and then you can open one present now, before breakfast. Ok?" Freya couldn't contain her excitement as her parents slowly sat up in bed. Peeta ran his hand over his eyes, then over his unshaven jaw and took a deep breath before swinging his legs over the edge of the bed. Grabbing hold of his dressing gown, he wrapped himself in the soft, towelling robe, and followed his excitable daughter out of his bedroom. As he prepared three steaming mugs of hot chocolate, he heard Katniss slowly trudging downstairs. She set Tobey in a high chair before wrapping her arms around her husband's waist. "After last night, I was hoping for a bit more of a lie-in this morning," she admitted. "Well, maybe we can tire Freya out enough that she'll want to have an early night. And then, maybe, so can we? Continue where we left off." "Perfect," she replied, a wide grin covering her face. "Mummy! Daddy! Hurry up!" said Freya, bounding into the kitchen and interrupting their moment of intimacy. She turned on her heels and ran up the hallway, back to the living room. "Come on then," said Katniss, disentangling herself from his embrace. She picked up their son and followed Freya through, as Peeta placed the three mugs of chocolate on a tray. "Peeta?" his wife's voice called through to him, edged with confusion. He grabbed the tray and wandered through, immediately to be faced with what had caused his wife's confusion. In the middle of the room, tied up with a beautiful bow, was a carved, wooden, Victorian-style rocking horse. Peeta stared at the horse, his jaw hitting his chest. "Did you…?" he quietly asked Katniss. She shook her head in response. "Nothing to do with me." "It's what Father Christmas brought me," explained Freya patiently, rolling her eyes at her parents. Tucked into the bright red bow around the horse's neck was a card. Freya pulled this card open, and as she did so, Peeta swore that he could hear the faint sound of sleigh bells. Written on the card, in beautiful script, was a single word. ' Real.' In a hushed voice, Peeta turned to his wife. "You ate the mince pie we left out last night, right?" "No. Are you telling me that you didn't eat it either?" He shook his head, and Freya began to laugh. "It was Father Christmas. He's real. See?" She held up the card for her parents to see. A wonderful magic was at work, and outside the window, a brief glimpse of a shimmering movement caught Peeta's eye. There was a strange silence, as if the world collectively held its breath for just a moment, then out of nowhere, snow began to fall in thick, fluffy flakes that settled around the window panes immediately. The Mellarks were certain that once again they could hear the gentle sound of sleigh bells ringing, before the world finally began to breathe again, and the strange silence was replaced with the sound of birds singing and the distant, steady rumble of traffic.