would cool me down. "I… okay." Peeta helps me off his lap, and my eyes immediately notice his bulge. I wonder just how big he is. "Just lay back, okay?" I fall back on the comfy sofa, waiting for Peeta to take off my pants. He stops talking. I can see in his eyes that he's determined, and I'm waiting for him. He slowly pulls down my pants, and I'm thankful I remembered to shave this morning. Now he's between my legs, and I'm wearing only my underwear. "Can I just touch you a little first?" All I want is for him to touch me. "Please." Tentatively, he begins rubbing me through my damp underwear. It feels good. Incredibly good. "Shit, I can't believe how wet you are." "Wait until you take those off and feel all of me." Peeta shakes his head, taking in a deep breath. I close my eyes and relish the feeling of his thumb stimulating my clit. He pushes down on the sensitive nub, making me groan loudly. "Fuck, I can't take it anymore," he growls, pulling off my panties and throwing them over his shoulder. He ducks between my legs, and all I can see is a mess of blonde curls. How the hell did I manage to end up naked on Peeta's couch? Suddenly, his tongue is teasing my slit, and I'm a goner. I'm not sure what I want to happen next. All my senses are on high alert, and I have to bite my knuckle to avoid gasping when he swirls his tongue around my clit before plunging it inside my opening. His hot mouth laps up the slickness dripping down my thighs, and Peeta moans into my vagina. He's getting just as much pleasure out of this as I am. "Peeta, my clit," I groan. He doesn't stop licking me when his thumb begins to draw quick circles on my clitioris. I'm close to my orgasm, but I don't want it to end. This is the most incredible sensation. I feel everything and nothing at the same time. I'm falling into a dark abyss, and only Peeta's tongue can pull me back. Finally, I let go with a muffled cry, a rush of warmth flooding my entire body. Peeta licks up every drop of my arousal before pulling away and wiping his glistening chin. "I'm about two seconds away from blowing my load in my pants," he says with a laugh. "Do you have any condoms?" "We–you wanna have sex?" I fight the urge to roll my eyes. "What did you think was going to happen?" "I was just going to jerk off and call it a night," he says with a shrug. "Just give me a second." Peeta stands up, adjusting himself before quietly making his way upstairs. He comes back in record time with a condom in hand, grinning like a mad man. "Get naked," I tell him. "It's not fair that you are fully clothed, and I'm not." Peeta yanks off his shirt and kicks off his pants and underwear. Finally, he's naked, and holy shit is he big. "Sit down and give me that," I say, grabbing the condom. I rip open the foil packet with my teeth and sheath his erection with the condom. Peeta looks about ready to pass out when I hover over him. "Are you ready?" I ask. "I've been ready," he jokes. Slowly, I lower myself over his cock and my walls stretch to accommodate his length. I sink all the way down until he's completely buried inside of me. "Oh fuck," he gasps. "You feel so tight. I'm not gonna last..." "I just want you to come, okay?" I rest my hands on his chest as I move up and down on him. He kisses my neck, trying to hold back his moans. I feel so full and satisfied. Peeta begins to buck his hips up to match my movements, and he hits a spot inside of me that makes me see stars. "I'm gonna come," he grunts. "I'm sorry… I can't." Peeta stills as his cock pulses inside of me, his release filling the condom. It didn't last very long, but it was way better than the sex I had with Gale. "That didn't last very long," he says softly, repeating my thoughts. "I'm really sorry." I lay my hand on his cheek before leaning in to kiss him. "It was perfect. You're not a virgin anymore." Peeta's about to answer when another voice booms throughout the house. "I asked you to watch my son, and you're fucking on my couch? Oh my God. I can't wait to tell Mom!" "What the fuck are you doing here?" Peeta shouts, scrambling to cover us with a blanket. "It's not even that late." He covers his eyes, groaning. "Allie didn't feel good, and the baby is kicking her in the ribs so she wanted to come home. Thank God she's still in the car. This may have made her go into labor." I've never been more humiliated in my entire life. This can't be happening. I think I'll change my name. "Rye, can you give me like 5 minutes?" "Is this Katniss?" Peeta's older brother asks. "You finally did it, huh?" Peeta groans against my neck. "Rye, get the fuck out of here!" "Fine," he says with a loud laugh. "It's nice to meet you, Katniss!" When I hear the door shut, I quickly find my clothes and get dressed. I need to run far away. Far, far away. "Hey," Peeta says, grabbing my hand. "Please don't let this ruin what we started." How could I ever let go when he's got me hook, line, and sinker? I may be humiliated, but Peeta's blue eyes show me that he's just as embarrassed. "Come to my house next time, okay?" Peeta smiles happily. "It's a deal," he says. "Katniss, thanks for everything." "I'm never babysitting with you again." And that's a fact.