to kill you. I ... I did it to keep you alive. If they had gone straight to you and threaten you, there's nothing to hold you back – you would have retaliated and... They'll kill you, Haymitch." "Why? You hated me." "Pay attention, Haymitch. I said I never hated you." "I still don't understand, Effie. I was your colleague, why... Why go to that extent to protect me?" he pushed himself off the bed and looked at her. "I don't know... I just wanted to see you safe..." she trailed off. He raised an eyebrow dubiously. She had survived torture, lived through a Rebellion, sold off on countless occasions and yet, she couldn't face him. She couldn't admit her feelings to herself and to him. If Effie admitted her feelings, it would be real and she couldn't bear to face him if he pushed her away. She was dirty and broken. She was a tool and every time she walked by a mirror, she was reminded of how filthy she was. But he had kissed me that night the Victors broke out of the arena. Effie clenched her jaw and passed it off as a heat of the moment. "You're a good actor, Trinket – you're good at hiding things. I won't press it. Rest now." He bent down and kissed her forehead. He didn't believe me. XxX There was a knock on the door. Effie was packing what little belongings she had into a small duffel bag. "Come in," Haymitch walked in and glanced around her room. She looked up, the surprise evident in the face. "Oh, it's – Hello, Haymitch. It's been awhile." He nodded and rubbed the back of his neck uncomfortably. They hadn't seen each other for nearly a year. Effie was a resident in an institution receiving psychiatric treatments. Therapy. Haymitch had gone back to Twelve while she remained in the Capitol for her treatments. Effie was scheduled to be released today. She had not expected a visit from Haymitch. She hadn't heard from him ever since they parted ways. "How are you?" he asked She folded and unfolded the dress in her hands, keeping them busy and occupied. "I'm good. Thank you for asking. I'm healing well." "That's uh... good to know." The uncomfortable silence grew between them. "Are you really here to visit me?" she asked him curiously. "No – Yes, I mean no. No, I'm actually – Will you come with me, please?" "I can't leave this room unescorted by a nurse. If you could just call her, we can go where... where are we going?" He sighed and rubbed his forehead. "I should be clearer. Plutarch says that you'll be living in a public apartment build by the government? When you're released from here, I mean." "Yes. It's a temporary arrangement until I can get my footing again. Get a job, you know?" "I have plenty of room in Victors' Village... You know, if you don't mind. I spoke to Plutarch and he said it's fine if you would like to ... stay with me." Effie was stunned and she couldn't formulate any words to respond to his offer. She looked down on her hands. She felt overwhelmed all of a sudden and the teardrop that fell on the palm of her hands was beyond her control. Haymitch shifted beside her. "It's okay if you don't want, though. I understand – I won't take it personally." When she didn't respond, he continued, "I supposed it would be difficult to stay with me after what you had to go through because of me. Katniss said I shouldn't ask but I... gotta try, you know?" She nodded. "How are the kids?" "Good. They're okay, they have each other. They'll make it." "And you?" she asked him softly. He lifted a shoulder in response. "Drunk," he smiled at her. "You're not taking care of yourself," she noted her eyes swept over his haphazard appearance. "Nobody around to care about how I look." The air shifted around them and Effie noted how Haymitch squared his shoulders as though he was preparing himself to get through an obstacle. "I need you," he said, his voice steady. "That's why I came. I need you, Effie. I don't know what I'm doing. Everything and everyone is changing around me. We've won and I'm still the same. I still woke up drunk, my house is a mess and I'm wasted half the time. My life is still..." He paused and the break in his speech made Effie look up. "I think you might need me, too," he said softly, "What you did for me, I –" "Yes. I'll come with you. I'll stay with you." The words left her mouth before she could stop herself and Effie realised that she meant it. It had always been her and Haymitch all these years. She had grown to care for him first as a friend and the feelings had grown. She had taken the fall for him and Effie knew the guilt still roiled in his blood. Maybe this was his way to return her favour, offer her something when she had nothing left. Effie launched herself at him and sobbed in his chest. He wrapped his arms around her and held her tight. Cocooned in the safety of his arms, inhaling his familiar scent, she finally had the courage to admit that perhaps she had done it because she had loved him all these while. A/N: I think there are several fics out there touching on the same theme but I've had this idea for quite a while and I just wanted to see how I could have written it. Well, my only hope is that you all like it. Please leave a review to tell me your opinion, they are much love. :) Oh, I was also thinking of doing this in Haymitch's POV but I'm not sure if any of you would be interested in reading it?