opposite direction to the rear exit where she would be boarded onto a train far, far away from District 12. The nearest thing to Gale is destroyed in his anger. If she had to go he wanted to tell her that he loved her. He wanted her to leave knowing that it wasn't just that he liked her, that he had a crush on her, because neither of those things described his feelings for her. Gale loved her and now she was gone. More Peacekeepers showed, but not the harsh Capitol sorts that come around for The Reaping. They pat Gale on the back and he hikes a swish punch across one of their jaws. With their full uniform and tears in his eyes he couldn't stop to identify who it was he was hitting. Three or four more swipes and he just removed himself from the poor guy. There were no consequences but he couldn't handle the pain of another loss. His father blew up. His best friend was going to the Hunger Games. If he were a selfish man he might have given up on life on the spot. If he were a selfish man he'd run away from District 12 and risk being caught by the Capitol. But he was neither of those things, not today. And he couldn't be tomorrow. Primrose was treated like a princess by Katniss and that's what she deserved. Yanking his chin up he dried his eyes and went back home to tend to the everyday chores he'd be responsible for before The Reaping and would still be responsible for after. Katniss is sitting in the dining car in the middle of the night. Tomorrow they were set to arrive in the Capitol and it was too difficult to sleep. Her mind was stuck on Gale's last words and how whatever he was trying to say before he was ripped from her was unfinished. She considered whether he was trying to say "I love you," but that wouldn't matter now. His love did not protect her in the Capitol and it would not save her in the Hunger Games. "Mind if I join you?" Peeta emerged from the hallway. The last thing he expected was for Katniss to be awake. Not to judge her, but she killed animals for living. He couldn't imagine she'd have any trouble in the games. However, here she was just as troubled and distraught by the events to come as he was. Peeta had been trying to talk to her and find a way to express his feelings before he inevitable died. "Not at all." Katniss welcomed the company, surprisingly. Peeta crawled into the same booth as her. It was a little strange to have him so near at first but it was calming to have someone familiar to her present. She looked over at him and felt an overwhelming guilt about the bread and how she owed him her life. Now she was expected to kill him if she wanted to win the Hunger Games. How could she kill him if she hadn't even repaid him yet? "I remember, you know. I remember the bread." Katniss whispers as she pulls her loose hair to one side. The profile of her face is brightened only by the moon. It is very enchanting and Peeta can't help but put his hand out and take in one of hers cautiously. She doesn't resist the connection and even seems to settle somewhat in her seat. "I need you to promise me that you will forget that when we get in the arena." Peeta pleads. Katniss isn't sure that she will be able to wipe out the kindness he'd done for her. Feeling as comfortable with him as she had with Gale back home she decides it is okay for her to rest her head on his shoulder. Peeta tenses for a moment at the contact but quickly moves himself around so he can put his arm around her. Everything about this encounter will make the Hunger Games even more difficult if she finds herself faced with Peeta but she takes it in anyways. "I promised myself that I wouldn't and I have no intentions to break that promise." Katniss admits, allowing her eyes to flutter shut. She feels Peeta's breath in her hair now, soon after his nose nuzzles against her scalp. Never before has she had so much intimate contact with someone. She needed it in these final days, though, before she became a monster. Peeta fear the words that he heard from Katniss. He suspected, of course, that she wouldn't forget that sort of thing even if asked. That wasn't going to be a problem, though, because he was going to give her something else to remember. Something that he knew would enrage her enough to obliterate any thoughts of owing him a debt for his deeds when they were eleven years old. He didn't dare say this to her but Peeta did adjust her so that she would be looking at him directly. "I won't let you die." Peeta declares. Katniss refuses for him to sign his death certificate even though he must die if she wishes to go home. But in that moment she turns off the severity of their predicament and leans into him with determination. "And I won't let you die, either." A blink later Peeta responded in kind, his lips so close to hers that she could have sworn they were actually touching. There was no urge to kiss him but there hadn't been one with Gale either. And as if she weren't confused enough about her attraction to her best friend but now her savior had to add another factor to the quandary. "Then may the odds be ever in your favor, Katniss Everdeen." A/N: This probably isn't everyone's cuppa but if you're reading this you've taken the time to read this and I adore you for that. You deserve a trophy.