lap. I feel his hardened length pressing up against my center. "I really want to fuck you, Katniss. Nothing fancy. I just want you." His large hand cups my breast, his thumb rubbing over my nipple. "How did I get so lucky?" I whisper against his lips. "You're the most incredible husband and father." Peeta gives my right breast a soft squeeze before he flicks his tongue over my nipple, turning it into a tiny, hard pebble. The sensation sends a shiver down my spine as I grind my lower half into his cock. "I want you so bad." He releases my nipple from his mouth with a smirk. "I was wondering something. It's a little on the spontaneous side..." I grab his shaft in my hand and slowly begin to stroke it. "What is this idea you have, Mr. Mellark?" His blue eyes sparkle mischievously. I can only imagine what he's going to say, but I'm down for anything at this point. "I think we should have another baby." Well, that certainly was not what I was expecting to hear. It's not like we haven't talked about how many children we want to have, but it's surprising to hear the words leave his mouth. What's more surprising is that I'm not completely opposed to the idea. "Seriously? You want to have another baby?" "You know I love getting you pregnant," he says with a cheeky grin. "I love you, and if you aren't ready, then I'm fine waiting until it's something you may want to consider." I press my lips to his. Peeta stiffens but then relaxes into my kiss with a sigh. "There's no harm in trying." "Really?" he asks excitedly. "You really want to try?" I shrug my shoulders. "Trying means sex. When have you known me to deny myself sex?" He doesn't answer with words. Peeta grabs me and lays me down on the bed. He hovers over me, and my clit begins to throb. It's like what Peeta said earlier, I don't need anything fancy right now. All I want is to feel him inside of me. Peeta rests his forehead against mine, propping himself up on his elbows. My legs instinctively wrap around his waist. "Katniss, you are so fucking hot. Have I told you that lately?" "Mmm, I don't think so," I say jokingly. He bucks his hips forward with a grunt, and finally he's inside me. My walls immediately clench at the invasion. It feels so, so good. Our bodies fit perfectly together. They always have. "Shit, you feel so good." I feel his hand slide between our bodies to find my clit. Peeta begins rubbing it while thrusting his hips back and forth. I know my orgasm is fast approaching. It won't take long. Peeta pulls all the way out then pushes back in with a hard thrust. "Peeta, I need–please!" I grab his ass to pull him closer to me. He buries himself in me so deep that I know it will only take a few more moments until my body surrenders to its desires. He never looks away from me. Our eyes stay locked on one another as we move in that perfect rhythm I always have with Peeta. His soft grunts of pleasure are music to my ears. In this moment, nothing can touch us. I forget all the insecurities that have been troubling me. Whenever Peeta and I connect, it's easy to remember why we work so well together. He was the missing puzzle piece in my life that I was always searching for. Even when we lose each other, he still fits perfectly. I capture his lips in mine, running my tongue along his bottom lip. Kissing Peeta has always been one of my favorite activities. I lose myself in the taste and feeling of his mouth on mine. His movements quickly begin to unravel as the speed of his fingers on my clit picks up. "I'm gonna come soon." The tightness in my stomach finally disappears as the intense shockwaves of my orgasm spread through my tired body. "Peeta, I'm coming!" His hips still as I feel a rush of warmth fill me as his cock pulses, spurting out his release, hot and fast. "Fuck, you feel so good." Peeta collapses beside me, his breathing heavy. He turns to look over at with me flushed cheeks and a goofy smile. "It's like I said," he kisses my forehead. "You have an exquisite vagina." Six Months Later I rest my hand on my swollen stomach, the baby's swift kicks becoming more frequent as the weeks pass by. Did I think that I would get pregnant on the first try? No. Am I surprised? Not in the slightest. Peeta and I have always had pretty easy luck getting pregnant. The kids finally went to bed, and all I want is to get my feet rubbed and fall asleep. When I open the door to our bedroom, Peeta is sitting on the bed with his laptop, a dazed expression on his face. I can hear the moans coming from the speakers. "Are you fucking kidding me right now?" "Before you freak out, it's not what you think." Peeta turns the laptop around and I see myself, legs spread open wide as Peeta tastes me. "If you delete all the talking, we actually have a pretty decent sex tape." I want to be furious. We agreed to delete the video and never speak of it again. Why is my darling husband watching it? "Really?" I ask timidly. Peeta nods enthusiastically. "You look sexy as hell. Do you want to watch?" I cringe. Seeing myself have sex seems so strange, but I am curious. What would the harm be? "Scoot over and restart from the beginning. Also, what do you want to call this sex tape? It needs a good name." Peeta strokes his chin, pretending to think really hard. "One Night in Katniss." "Yeah, that would be a no."