of his cheek until a tribute took her spot beside him. "I bet that doesn't happen often ." The girl was blonde; cute. Turning, he laughed a bit awkwardly and showed off his crooked smile before nodding his head. "Yeah, you're telling me." Of course, the others believed that Finnick's main goal had been to get with her but that wasn't the case. At least, not yet . He wasn't aware of the feelings cooking inside of him at the moment; all he knew is he wanted to protect Annie at all costs. "Gotta love those girls who play hard to get ." The girl said, putting out her hand to shake it after saying her name. Clearly, she was showing an interest but she wasn't the only one and he could feel the daggers on their backs. Licking his lips, he introduced himself and he continued on with the charm until it was time to leave. Thankfully. • • • • • • • • "You look... amazing." His stylist said, giving Finnick a 360. Smiling and proud, he clasped his hands together and stared within Finnick's eyes with his purple ones. "Couldn't have done it without you." He wasn't aware of it yet but Finnick's suit matched Annie's. Where hers had been a beautiful royal blue, Finnick's had done the same. His tie, similar to that of a mermaid's tail as it shined in the light. Staring into the mirror, he nodded his head and returned the other's gesture with a crooked smile before he was escorted towards the stage. From behind the scenes, he could hear Caesar's voice. As per usual, he was just as lively and charismatic as ever. However, his attention was taken from him when Annie appeared. She was, without a doubt, the most beautiful woman he had ever laid eyes on. Her skin, so fair. With and without make-up, she took on the image of an angel and he had already seen her as attractive, but the dress she wore accentuated it. "Wow..." He whispered out loud, not even realizing it. She was called on stage first and Finnick had been staring at the screen as she gave her performance. A smile, plastered on his face. He was falling in love and he didn't even know it. Chuckling softly as she twirled, he crossed his arms in approval until she'd given her speech. She really didn't believe she'd live. It hurt him. Knowing that she didn't have the confidence to keep going only strengthened the will to prove her wrong. Clenching his jaw, he looked down and realized that their mentor had been staring at Annie like a vulture. His words, setting him off as he narrowed his eyes. "And I plan to." He stated, the man meeting his eyes as Finnick's brow arched. "I will protect her at all costs. Even from you." It was then, that he promised to always put Annie's life and happiness first. Before everything; before his own. Eventually, Annie's turn had ended and Finnick was called out. "And here we have, Finnick Odair... the winning tribute coming to return!" Caesar said, his voice loud as Finnick stepped out, giving a small wave. When he took his seat, Finnick overlooked the faces of The Capitol and stared into their eyes. Some of them, saddened by his choice. He recognized the few, wishing that all of this had been different. Granted, he'd seen more of them than he'd liked; not everyone he'd slept with had been horrible. "So... I must ask..." The announcer started, staring into Finnick's eyes. " What on earth made you do this?" He asked. Finnick was, at first, too scared to admit his reasonings. After all, The Capitol were vultures. If he revealed the truth, they'd use it against him. Clenching his jaw, he seemed hesitant. However, he was hoping Annie was watching so he did what he had to do and told the truth. "To keep Annie Cresta alive." Gasps were heard and the questions started. Even Caesar was at a loss for words. After a few moments passed, he asked another question. "And why is that?" Finnick wasn't even sure. Why was he doing this? Love? Admiration? Good nature? Perhaps both? Honestly, Finnick had become so protective in such a small amount of time that he didn't even know how to explain himself. "Because she deserves more than this. She is kind... loving. She is everything and more." And then the announcers smile grew large, biting his lip as he chuckled within the microphone. "Sounds like love." Caesar hinted. For a moment, Finnick blushed and it must have caused an uproar because the citizens had seen it. Biting down on his lip, he gave his charming smile and his dimples revealed themselves as he looked down and shook his head. Chuckling, he reached up and then scratched the back of his neck before responding. "It does doesn't it... hm... maybe it is." He admitted, the crowed going wild. After the interview, Finnick returned backstage and he stared over at Annie before awkwardly clearing his throat. He knew that she may want an explanation but he didn't know what to say or what to give. So instead, he retreated into the hall. He'd admitted his love to someone he'd never really met or known before the games. How was that possible? His mind had been so clouded; confused. Furrowing his brows, he took a moment to himself and stepped to one of the balconies. An avox, keeping close. The wind brushed against his cheeks, turning his nose a slight pink as he stared out into the city. The lights, beautiful and shimmering like a Christmas tree. His stomach was doing flips and turns and that's when Finnick wondered, ... Is this what love feels like? And this concludes Chapter 1. Stay tuned for the upcoming chapter! We appreciate reviews with anything you may have enjoyed, constructive criticism, or questions you may have. Thanks again!