she lies down and puts her head on my lap. I stroke her hair. "Haven't you being sleeping?" Gale asks her. "Nightmares." Posy answers as she wipes away a tear. "You don't scream or thrash around." Gale says. "Like somebody." he adds under his breathe. "I heard that!" I say. Gale smirks at me playfully. "I just paralyze with terror." Posy answers. Like Peeta. Posy's like a little piece of Peeta. Paralyzing with terror, the hazel eyes, caring for people, the dark blond highlights on her hair that are starting to form (a sign that's she growing up) and sort of since their names start with a 'P'. 'You should get some sleep now, we won't be arriving for quite a while." I say and Posy nods. She falls asleep real fast and so do I. I am then awaken by a little shake to the shoulder and I find myself staring at Gale's gray seam eyes. "We're here." Gale says. I nod. I get up from the couch and find Posy leaning on the hall half-asleep. We walk out of the hovercraft and to District 13. Posy hurries in front of us and runs down the hall with her bunny. Gale and I are left alone while walking down the hall to our rooms. I feel a hand on my shoulder and I know it's not Gale. It's not a violence touch but after the arena I response to any unfamiliar touch directly. I jerk myself off from the touch and without looking at who it is, I run off through the hall. The sounds of a groaning jumps from wall to wall. Surrounding me. I just came from destroyed district and the first thing I do is create a fight. While running, I let out all the emotions I felt from when I stepped a foot in my district. Tears roll down as I think about it. By the end of a hall I find a door and open it. The small room is filled with brooms, mops, buckets and sorts of others things I have no names for. I cuddle in a corner and bring my legs up to my chest. I sit in silence until nose-bleeding Gale comes in and drops next to me. 'You got into the fight, didn't you?" I ask as I kneel beside him. "Is it that obvious?" Gale asks. "I don't want my family to worry." "It's totally obvious." I say. I find a small hand towel and press it against his nose. "How did this happened?" I ask. "I got in Bogg's way and his elbow became contact with my nose." Gale answers. Boggs is President Coin's right hand man. President Coin is the leader of District 13. Boggs is in his mid-forties with close cropped gray hair and blue eyes. He also has incredible posture. "He tried to stop you by blocking the doorway." he finishes. "They might punish you." I say worried. I start wiping blood from his skin. "Watch it!" Gale says. I start wiping the blood from his nose more gently. It starts to get hot in the room but we stay sited. 'Why do you think Peeta called for a cease-fire?" I ask. "I guess he might have been tortured or anything." Gale says. "I think he made some sort of deal to protect you. If Snow lets Peeta you, Katniss, as a confused pregnant girl that has no idea what's going on and was taken prisoner by the rebels. If you play right, then if the district lose, there might still be a chance of leniency for you." "But, doesn't he think I'm dead?" I ask confused. "All of us?" "Maybe he knows more than he showed on the interview. Peeta must know your alive. Otherwise, he wouldn't had called for a cease-fire." "But, how does he?" "I don't know. But as long as your safe and alive. . . the others are too." Gale says gently. I sigh deeply. Gale's nose has stopped bleeding and now I focus on getting all the dry blood off his face, to keep his family from worrying at dinner. I start thinking about it and it hits me. "I don't think there should be a cease-fire." I say after a while of quiet. "Even if me and Peeta have left the arena, the games are still on. Since Peeta and me weren't killed, he still holds the hope of saving me. His idea is to have me play it low while the war plays out. Then neither side will have a cause to kill me. If the rebels win, it will be disastrous for Peeta. . . but if the Capitol wins, who knows? Maybe we'll both be allowed to live. . . if I play it right." "I know." Gale says as he pushes my hand down from his face gently. I let out a breath and cross my legs as I sit next to Gale. He takes my hand and I let my head rest on his shoulder. "Do you think he knows about District 12?" I ask Gale almost in a whisper. "Maybe. If he does, he must be as desperate as you were to see the district." Gale says gently. There's a pause between us and he speaks again. "What are you going to do about all this?" Gale asks me. I stare at his gray seam eyes and without hesitation I answer. "I'm going to be the Mockingjay." Author's note: It didn't end in a cliffhanger but this is just the beginning. I'll be posting every weekend when I can! Don't forget to leave a review and check out my other stories on by alyactress01 " Phoebe In Wonderland" " Child Abuse" " Every 15 Minutes" " Climb to Mount Everest" " E.T: Extinction" And my poem call "Water". My upcoming stories in are: " A Charmed Heart" " The Good in Evil" If you have a Wattpad account please fan me!