body and positions himself between my legs. He's going to lick me! I groan loudly and Peeta looks up at me strangely. "I haven't done anything yet." "No one has ever done this to me before..." I admit my cheeks turning redder by the second. Peeta gives me a wicked grin. "Lay back and enjoy the ride." I wait for his tongue for what feels like hours. His hot breath blows on my swollen nub as I thrust my hips upward, wanting his mouth on me, now! Then I feel his wet tongue move up my slit and I can't hold back my loud moan of approval. "Oh... Oh!" He laughs to himself and the vibrations only make the aching in my groin that much worse. Peeta moves his tongue up and down first, then he switches up and moves back and forth. It feels amazing but I need something more. The warmth hits my clit and I practically jump off the bed. He's focusing on that now. He sucks on in and then swirls his tongue around in quick, precise circles. I chant his name over and over again till I'm sure I'm screaming out loud. The tightness in my belly begins to slowly unravel. Peeta shoves two of his large, thick fingers inside my heat, and that is all I need to send me over the edge. "Oh my God!" I whine while clutching my own breasts. I'm so so close. Peeta can tell because his fingers move faster and he sucks on my clit with more pressure. "Peeta," my thighs clamp around his head. "I'm coming!" My entire body contracts and I feel the warm liquid seep down my thighs. Peeta wastes no time lapping up every last drop. I'm a breathless, sweaty mess but I'm not finished yet. "Peeta, I want you to fuck me." I've waited long enough and right now all I want is for him to be inside of me. "Are you sure?" I nod wordlessly while he positions himself on top of me. I bite my lip almost drawing blood when he slips inside of me. My walls stretch to fit his thickness. His movements are slow and tender, but I can see by the look on his face he needs to go faster. I've never felt this kind of connection with a man before. The sex is great but the way he makes feel by his actions beforehand make it so much better. "God, your pussy is so tight," he mewls while picking up the speed of his thrusts. "Fuck, you feel amazing!" I can feel the tears beginning to well up in my eyes. I don't want this happiness to ever end. I want to live in this moment with Peeta forever. "Katniss," Peeta grabs my face in his hands and kisses my forehead, obviously noticing my tears. "Stay with me?" Peeta's thumb finds my clit and I gasp, loudly. I place my hands on his chest as I buck up my hips to meet his movements. I know that I'm close. The pleasure coursing through my body is unlike anything I've ever experienced in my life. He looks at me with darkened blue eyes, and I wonder how I got here. Peeta saved me. He took me off the street and gave me a place to live. His eyes glaze over with pleasure. "You didn't answer me," he says as wrinkles form on his brow. "You want me to stay with you?" I pant, feeling my end nearing. "Yes, yes... always." I love him. Of course I'll stay with him. I love that he wants to protect me. I love his kindness and warm smile. "Katniss, I can't - I'm gonna come." His voice is a strangled cry. I want him to let go. I need to feel him pulse inside of me. "Come for me, Peeta." The speed and force of his movements take me over the edge and within seconds my muscles are clenching around him as he spills himself inside me. I chant his name over and over again as my orgasm possesses me. We are both sweaty and breathless. I curl up next to Peeta and he holds me tight. It's only a matter of time before I drift off into a peaceful sleep. It's the best night's sleep I've had in years, and I know it won't be the last. "I can't believe she's going to kindergarten," I say sniffling. "She's so little!" Peeta wraps his arm around my shoulder as we watch Lily walk into her classroom and greet her teacher. "I have a feeling she's going to be just fine," Peeta says with a reassuring smile. "She's not my baby girl anymore!" I cry. Peeta chuckles and I shoot him a furious glare. "Stop laughing at me!" Peeta only smiles back at me. "We can always..." "Don't you even start, Mellark!" I warn with a pointed finger. Peeta holds up his hands in defense. "Geez, just bite a guys head off why don't you?" I can't stand to stay mad at him. Peeta gave me a second chance at life and for that I'm forever grateful. I love him but he drives me nuts when it comes to having another baby. It's not like I don't want that, but there are few things we need to do first. "Hey Peeta," I say as we walk back to the car. "If you want a baby so bad then you should probably marry me first..." His eyes widen in surprise. "Are you finally saying yes?" I nod my head with a teary smile. Peeta sweeps me up in his arms and twirls me around. "You mean it? You'll be my wife?" I kiss his nose before answering. "Yes! I'll be your wife." Two years ago I stumbled into a stranger's restaurant looking for shelter, and now I'm going to be his wife. I'm really glad I decided to stay and eat those cheese buns.