even more. But he swallowed the desire as she leaned in closer towards him. He could feel the freezing water from the melting ice seeping into his clothes, but he didn't care. She was so close...so impossibly close. Snowflakes had settled on her eyelashes, and he was mesmerized by them as she slowly blinked. Her hands were on the ice on either side of his face and she seemed to be holding her breath. He reached a gloved hand behind her head and gently pulled her towards his waiting lips. She offered no resistance, and when her mouth melded to his, she immediately took the lead. Her tongue ran across the seam of his lips, causing his heart to flutter rapidly, and he held her head steady as he opened his mouth a little wider to her, meeting her tongue with his own. He opened his eyes briefly, just to quickly check that Toby was still ok. His son was happily skating around on the other side of the rink, and so he closed his eyes once more, focusing entirely on her. She deepened the kiss, sliding her fingers under his hat and twining them into his hair as she slowly drew his bottom lip into her mouth. Her teeth gently grazed along the sensitive flesh, eliciting a groan from him that started deep within his chest, and he wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her even closer into him, not caring at that moment whether anyone was watching them, or that the icy water had soaked his back. She shifted her weight a little on top of him, and her thigh rubbed against his erection. He felt her sharp inhalation of breath, and he whined a little as she slowly pulled away. Her pupils were dilated and she was a little breathless, then her face cracked into a huge grin. "You need to get up before you freeze," she said, brushing a stray curl away from his forehead. "I umm… I don't think getting up is a good idea right now," he answered, indicating the obvious bulge in his trousers with a nod of his head. "Daddy?" Peeta's head snapped up guiltily and he saw the inquisitive face of his son. "Toby? I…umm…" Katniss scrambled to get off him, and he sat up on his knees, as Toby pushed the penguin a little closer. "Toby, I'm sorry, I—" "Why are you sorry?" "I…come here, pickle." He spread his arms wide, and Toby shuffled forward until he was able to abandon the penguin and put his arms around his father's neck. "It's ok, Daddy," he said into Peeta's ear. "I know what's happening. I asked Father Christmas to make you happy, and he's made it come true." Peeta looked his son in the eyes. "You asked Father Christmas to—" "Make you happy. And right now you are." He pulled Toby close to him, holding him tighter than ever. Katniss was watching them both with a wide smile on her face. She mouthed the words ' Happy Christmas,' to him, before putting a hand out and pulling him to his feet. He kept one hand on the edge of the rink, and held Toby's hand in the other, while Katniss skated on the other side of them. The three of them continued slowly on the ice for a while before Katniss broke the silence. "So… are you all set for tomorrow?" "I think so. We still need to hang your stocking, don't we Toby?" "Yeah." "And you? Are you all ready?" She smiled a half smile. "Kind of," she said. "I'm working in the day and then when I get home it'll be frozen pie and chips for dinner, followed by getting into my pyjamas and watching old Christmas movies." "What? You're working? Tomorrow?" "Yup. Five hundred quid for an hour's work, two hours tops, and I can't afford to pass that up." She shrugged a little half-shrug. "It's ok. It'll be easy work. Chatting to kids in a hotel, making a few balloons, maybe a little simple magic, and then home in time for dinner." "Not much of a Christmas dinner, though," said Peeta. "We're having Christmas cake," said Toby, grinning up at Katniss. "Not just cake. There's more than that, isn't there?" "Yeah. We're having roast spotatoes—" " Potatoes, pickle." "Yeah, and gravy, and peas, and carrots and mushroom wellies—" "Wellington," corrected Peeta. A crazy thought suddenly came to him. "Katniss," he began, "it would take no effort at all for me to make enough food for three instead of two. I hate the idea of you being alone at Christmas. I could have it ready for whenever you finished work. And our evening was going to consist of sitting under a duvet and watching Elf. If you, maybe, felt like joining us…?" Peeta stopped skating, still clutching tightly on to Toby's hand and turned towards Katniss, his heart pounding painfully, hoping beyond hope that she wouldn't reject him. "Do you mean that?" she asked. "Absolutely. What do you say, pickle? Would you like it if Katniss comes round tomorrow?" "Yes, please!" said Toby, looking up at Katniss with a wide smile on his face. She looked down at Toby and placed her hand on his head, rubbing the top affectionately. "Thank you," she said to him, then she looked up at Peeta. "And you," she said, holding his gaze squarely. "Would you like it, too?" "I would," he said. "Then it's a yes," she said, and she skated into his waiting arms, covering his face with kisses. He held her tightly, and Toby threw his arms around his father's legs. "Happy Christmas, Daddy!" he said. "You too, pickle. You too." He took a deep breath, letting it out slowly, and his smile grew wider with every passing second. It was promising to be a very happy Christmas indeed. A/N - Thanks for reading, and once again a Merry Christmas to you all! (Now hit that review button!)