he sighs. "Don't you read?" "Read what?" He bends down into his booth, grumbling incoherently to himself before pulling loose a sign and flashing it in our direction. In large, bold print letters, it reads: OUT OF ORDER. From the corner of my eye, I see Peeta's head shift in my direction, but I can't seem to pry my eyes from the words. I stare at the sign intently, trying to make sense of it in my mind, searching desperately for a loop hole. "It'll be repaired for next season, right?" I finally ask, so long after Haymitch has finished talking that he jumps a little at the sound of my voice. "I don't know kid," he says, and his typical monotone voice adopts a hint of emotion. "She's pretty old. This'll probably be her last season." Haymitch shuffles hastily to face me, his frown long and deep. His old gray eyes widen slightly and he purses his lips, gripping the wooden railing across from me. I silently wonder what'll happen to the man with the tough exterior if there is no wheel next summer. He's made it abundantly clear the wheel is his to run and maintain... and now that he can't... A painfully acute sense of finality rings in my ears as everything around me continues to change. As if to prove my point further, a brush of fallen leaves lift from the ground with a breeze, swirling around Peeta and my feet. "Ahh, who gives a fuck about an old ferris wheel anyway?" Haymitch grumbles, half-heartedly kicking the air. "In this age of technology, all the kids are worried about is how fast and scary rides are." " I give a fuck," I murmur, gripping the handle of my wagon tighter in my palm and the corners of Haymitch's lips lift. "You and me both, kid." He pulls a liquor bottle - poorly disguised as such with a flimsy paper bag over the top of it - out from his booth and takes a deep swig, shrugging his shoulders. "But, what's done is done. Time to move on." Peeta places a gentle hand on my back, guiding me in the opposite direction of the wheel, and I let him. They say clean breaks from the things you love are the easiest, but love is messy and vibrant and painful. There is no easiest way to say goodbye. Not to something you love. Peeta drives his truck five miles an hour on the empty road, matching my lazily walking pace. He leans an arm out through the open window and rests his head in it, occasionally glancing ahead at the nothingness. I don't look at him though. I watch the small pebble I've been kicking with the sole of my shoe since we left the fair. It hops a couple feet from the force, then waits. Hops, then waits. And I just keep kicking it further away from me. Peeta doesn't try to get me to say anything. He knows there's nothing to say. His tires sound soft against the paved road and the hum from his old engine is like a consistent melody. "I'll probably never see you again," I chuckle humorously, out of nowhere, and it's true. The thought has flickered to my mind several times over the course of the summer, but this is the first it's slipped from my mouth. "Knock it off," Peeta warns with deeply furrowed eyebrows. "It's true!" although my lips are still turned up with sick amusement, it's more of a grimace than a smile and I can feel the corners begin to quiver embarrassingly. I bite back the sob that wants desperately to spill forth. "It's not true," Peeta promises, his tone quiet and soothing. "This isn't goodbye, Katniss Everdeen." The taste of metallic pools in my mouth as I bite my lip a little too hard. "You'll be seeing me again." "By next summer, who knows what could happen?" I snap, frowning intently in his direction. "You can't promise that, you don't know." "Course I do," he retorts, pulling into the gravel driveway of my house. I meet his gaze fully for the first time since we left the fair and on his lips is an annoyingly calm, plastered smile. "In fact, I can assure you you'll be seeing me before next summer." "And why is that?" "We have jam to make," he winks and I grip my wagons handle tighter. "So this is goodbye for now, then?" my voice catches on the last word and I don't try to hide the fat tear which rolls down my cheek lazily. Peeta puts the truck into park and before he can fully open the door I've fallen into his broad arms. He swings his hips around and my body falls comfortably in-between his parted legs. His hands run along my back, tracing soothing patterns while resting his cheek against the top of my scalp. "But I'll be seeing you," he whispers reassuringly before pulling his hands up to cup either side of my damp cheeks. He pulls my face to his own and my wet eyelashes brush my upper-cheeks as they float closed and I sink deeper into him. "I'll be seeing you," I whisper back when our lips part, our foreheads pressed to each others tightly. With another tight squeeze he lets go all together and I back away dejectedly, crossing my arms over my chest. His engine roars to life and I watch as Peeta adjusts his mirrors before glancing back at me through his open window. "I'll text you when I get to Capitol." "Kay." "Goodbye grumpy," Peeta speaks, his tone so mockingly deep and ridiculous I can't help with my traitorous face begins to lift in a smile. "Goodbye." "Adios!" Peeta calls as he begins slowly backing out of the drive. "Ta-ta for now," I counter. "Arrivederci." "See you." Hope you enjoyed! Thank you for reading :) Feel free to follow me on tumblr: finnickshardtrident.