my mother was killed." "I guess I never imagined that you would be like this. I suppose I brought you up here to say I'm sorry. I know it doesn't help, but Coin wanted us to choose while I was still angry. She has us trapped, we simply have to do what she says for the next few weeks and then maybe she'll leave us alone." she says. "I understand, Katniss. She would have done this whether you agreed or not, she's just like my grandfather. I'm sorry for what he did to you and your friends, but I want you to know that he hurt us too. It's his fault that my mother is dead, and it's his fault that I'm a tribute now. Please Katniss, don't blame yourself." I say. She finally smiles, then breaks from her trance and turns away from the balcony. "Come on, you still need to meet Effie and Haymitch. It's almost time for dinner. Try not to get too offended, he's rude to everybody." When Katniss and I get to the dining room everyone is already there. The woman stands to greet me, but Haymitch doesn't even acknowledge us. We load our plates up at last; it seems that Effie had made them wait for us before starting. I sit opposite Elias and take note of who is here. I count seven, somebody is missing. "Isn't Peeta joining us?" I ask, but Katniss and Haymitch just glance briefly at each other and then back down at their plates leaving me without an answer. The stylists discuss the parade with Effie and she tells them about all of the people who mentioned that they couldn't look away from us. She seems a little strange, her wig sits at an awkward angle and she keeps stopping mid sentence every now and again or losing track of what she was saying. I wonder if she was always like this, or what could have been done to her to make her seem so unhinged. We're offered glasses of golden liquid by an Avox; I take one and sip it slowly. The bubbles tickle my tongue and after a while my head becomes foggy. We're served all kinds of dishes, but I notice Katniss eats nothing but lamb stew. Eventually Elias stands to leave and I follow him, hoping that for the first time today I could talk to him alone. He's a little ahead of me so I follow him into the sitting room. "You know Mel, you used to just call me Eli." He says. "Okay then Eli, mind if I join you?" I ask. He pats the cushion next to him and gestures for me to sit. He tucks his legs up under him and I mirror him. I can't believe how comfortable he still is with me even after all this time. "I never thought for a moment that the next time we met would be like this. You and I, thrown together again." He says. "Do you really think either of us has a chance?" I ask him quietly. "I think we've got a better chance than some of the others. After all, we have the best mentors. Coin thinks she is punishing you by giving you to Katniss, but she's doing us a favour. Barely any real mentors survived, some of the tributes have mentors who were never even in the games. Don't give up before you've even started." He says, resting his hand on my knee. "I've missed you all these years. Where have you been hiding?" I ask "I've been right here, Mel. I tried plenty of times to come see you whenever I could escape the minder, but every time I pressed the intercom a woman on the other end told me you were out. After a while I assumed that you didn't want to see me and came less often. I was there last night, but there was no answer at all." He says. "Eli, I barely left that tower for five years. My grandfather didn't want anyone near me after my mother was killed, and here I am again in the same situation. I'm sorry that I kept you waiting." I say. I notice Katniss in the doorway and wonder how long she has been listening. "I always imagined capitol children as kind of... free." She says. "They don't have much time for us until we're eighteen, old enough to take to their parties and show off like prizes." I tell her. "Come on girls, that's enough doom and gloom. At least one of us will be dead in a few weeks; I think we need a little cheering up." says Elias. Although we have just finished eating and none of us are hungry we order cake and watch the recap of the opening ceremony. Most of the costumes seem like they were thrown together clumsily, I've heard that not many stylists survived the rebellion. We stand out from the crowd, Elias and I glowing softly in the darkness. The fear that I felt doesn't show on my face, Elias's hand must have stopped my shaking well enough that it was not picked up by the cameras. This year, however, we are not the only ones to stand linked together. Most of the capitol children will already know each other, most are friends. I suppose I'm lucky that I only know Eli closely; although I recognise many of the others I have no attachments to them. The others are not so lucky; those who were not privately tutored like Elias and I will have gone to school together. Once the recap is over I go back to my room and crawl underneath the soft sheets and don't even bother to remove my clothes. Training starts tomorrow, and if I'm this exhausted after my first day I know that the next will be even harder. I drift off easily, almost as soon as my head hits the pillow.