for me in my room when I arrive and they begin to get me ready. "Oh, they did a full body polish on you," says Flavius enviously. "Not a flaw left on your skin." But when I look at my naked body in the mirror, all I can see is how skinny I am. I mean, I'm sure I was worse when I came out of the arena, but I can easily count my ribs. They take care of the shower settings for me, and they go to work on my hair, nails, and makeup when I'm done. They chatter so continuously that I barely have to reply, which is good, since I don't feel very talkative. It's funny, because even though they're rattling on about the Games, it's all about where they were or what they were doing or how they felt when a specific event occurred. "I was still in bed!" "I had just had my eyebrows dyed!" "I swear I nearly fainted!" Everything is about them, not the dying boys and girls in the arena. I clench my jaw to stop it from shaking with anger. They do not mention Peeta but I know they are dying to say what they were doing when he sacrificed himself. We don't wallow around in the Games this way in District 12. We grit our teeth and watch because we must and try to get back to business as soon as possible when they're over. To keep from hating the prep team, I effectively tune out most of what they're saying. Cinna comes in carrying a beautiful black gown. It glimmers gently, the tiny stones catching the light like dying embers. The hemline falls just above the knee, the high neckline hides my hollow collar bones. It's simple, fitting to the situation. It's not bright or unnecessarily decorative. It's a mourning dress. It's perfect. Cinna helps me to slide the dress over my body and my image is instantly changed. I immediately notice the padding over my breasts, adding curves that hunger has stolen from my body. My hands go to my chest and I frown. "I know," says Cinna before I can object. "But the Gamemakers wanted to alter you surgically. Haymitch had a huge fight with them over it. This was the compromise." He stops me before I can look at my reflection. "Wait, don't forget the shoes." Venia helps me into a pair of shiny black sandals and I turn to the mirror. My hair falls in a simple sweep across my shoulders. Much of it was burn off in the arena, but like it this way. Huge red lips, dark famed eyes. The gathered fabric gives the illusion of curves. I look dignified this time, no frills or fancy illusions. "No more flames." I say. "You're all finished now. All that is left is the beautiful embers. A fitting finish, I think." Cinna says sadly. I agree. By comparison, the chariot costume seems garish, the interview dress too contrived. We take the elevator to the level where we trained. It's customary for the victor and his or her support team to rise from beneath the stage. First the prep team, followed by the escort, the stylist, the mentor, and finally the victor. I stand beside my plate beneath the stage in the dimly-lit area. The rumbling of the crowd is loud, so I don't notice Haymitch until he touches my shoulder. I spring away, startled, still half in the arena, I guess. "Easy, it's just me. Let's have a look at you," Haymitch says. "I can't do this alone. Peeta was the best at this stuff. I need him, Haymitch." I say and feel my eyes moisten again. "Shh, it's okay. Don't ruin your makeup. Just focus on Caesar. He'll help you. They already love you; you don't need to win anyone over. They'll ask questions you don't want to answer, but just try your best. You'll be okay now." He says defiantly, as if trying to convince himself of the truth of his own words. I pull him into a hug once more. Now we're both victors I feel like I'm connected to him somehow. We've been through the same thing; he is the only person here who understands. We are the same. He is not the same person who I met on the train. "Better take our places." He leads me to the metal circle. "This is your night, sweetheart. Force a smile and bear it." He kisses me on the forehead and disappears into the gloom. I tug on my skirt, willing it to be longer, wanting it to cover the knocking in my knees. Then I realize it's pointless. My whole body's shaking like a leaf. Hopefully, it will be put down to excitement. After all, it's my night. The damp, mouldy smell beneath the stage threatens to choke me. A cold, clammy sweat breaks out on my skin and I can't rid myself of the feeling that the boards above my head are about to collapse, to bury me alive under the rubble. The anthem booms in my ears, and then I hear Caesar Flickerman greeting the audience. The crowd breaks into applause as the prep teams are presented. I imagine Flavius, Venia, and Octavia bouncing around and taking ridiculous, bobbing bows. Then Effie's introduced. How long she's waited for this moment. I hope she's able to enjoy it for all of us. Cinna receives a huge cheer, of course, he's been brilliant, had a dazzling debut. Haymitch's appearance brings a round of stomping that goes on at least five minutes. Well, he's accomplished a first. Keeping his first tribute alive to the end. Keeping both tributes in the final two. I draw in one more deep breath and imagine Peeta by my side, the steadiness of those baker's hands. I hope just the thought of him is enough because I can feel the plate lifting me up to the stage.