killer's name is Snow. He'd been watching me for months before my death. He even knew my name. When I stumbled into his backyard that day, he couldn't believe his luck. I'd delivered myself directly to his doorstep. When the police stopped by his house the day after my murder, he expressed just the right amount of shock and regret - How could something like this happen in our town? What kind of monster would go after a young girl? - that they didn't even spend five minutes with him before moving on. They didn't know that throughout their conversation, Snow periodically reached into his pocket and ran his thumb and forefinger over the cool metal of the bird necklace - a gift from my sister - that he'd taken from my body. They didn't know that the entire time they were speaking to him, my lifeless body was lying in the garage, folded in on itself, wrapped carefully in a plastic sheet, and stuffed inside a triple layer of garbage bags. And even if the police had suspected anything, it would've been very difficult to find the murder weapon, even just a day later. Snow was careful to thoroughly clean it, sharpen it, and replace it among the other professional-quality knives in his spotless kitchen. If they'd gone downstairs to the basement room where I was killed, they would've been hard-pressed to notice anything out of the ordinary. Snow had taken enormous care cleaning up my blood, and then rearranging the boxes to make the room look somewhat messy and haphazard, like you might find in a storage room in anyone's basement. He couldn't clean up all the blood - I had lain on the floor for several hours after my death, blood slowly oozing out of the gaping wound in my neck - but to deal with that, he'd simply moved a heavy old refrigerator over the stain. And a year later, after the investigation into my disappearance died down, he re-finished the basement, obliterating even that last mark that I left behind. Snow clearly knew what he was doing. It wasn't his first time. The day after my death, after he spoke to the police on his front porch, Snow walked back inside his house and made himself a grilled cheese sandwich for lunch. Then he donned a baseball cap and gloves and walked into his front yard, tending affectionately to a collection of plants running along the front walls of his house. He tilled the ground and prepared a spot for the evening primrose bush that he eventually planted two weeks after my death. Underneath the bush, he placed one piece of my clothing - my plain white cotton panties - that he removed from my body just before I died. Everything else that I was wearing that day - my favorite lavender-flowered sundress, my white cotton bra, and my black flip-flops - were horribly blood-stained and would go with me to my grave. The panties were, ironically, my only clothing from that day that bore no signs of what had happened, since they'd been ripped off and tossed aside before the worst occurred. Snow set them aside after my death, carefully placing them in the ground beneath the primrose. It was his own little memorial to me. The evening after he spoke to the police, Snow heaved the garbage bags containing my body into his SUV and drove to the local community college. They were busily constructing a new arena for their football team, but on this blazingly hot day, work had finished in the late morning. Snow found the perfect spot for a grave - a flat, dirt-covered expanse that had already been prepared for concrete to be poured to form the building's foundation. I'd be sealed up forever. He was surprisingly careless - or maybe cocky? - in burying me under barely a foot of soil, even though he did his best to smooth the dirt and make the site appear just as it had before he arrived. The construction crews ignored the site for a week, focusing on other work. One full week when someone could have found me. But no one did. I rested undisturbed. They poured the concrete. The arena became my final resting place. As much as my disappearance shocked the town, as much as my absence left a hole in the lives of my friends and neighbors, eventually almost everyone's lives returned to normal. I became little more than a cautionary tale told to children, reminding them not to talk to strangers or wander off from their parents. People grew less and less interested in finding out what actually happened to me. The investigation into my disappearance stalled within weeks. With no clues other than the pink ribbon, there was really nothing the police could do. There was nowhere else to look. Based on their knowledge of other cases like mine, they were convinced that I was already dead. Katniss believes that as well; it's the only way she could make sense of what happened. Only my mom still clings to the hope that I might be alive, since my body was never found. Over the days and weeks following my death, things shifted slowly and inevitably towards this impasse. First, the police were searching for me, then for my body, then only for my killer. Now they don't even believe that my killer will ever be brought to justice. If he hasn't been found in six years, how will he ever be found? Most of the detectives who worked on my case have come and gone over the years. The only reason any of them still remember me is because of Katniss. She's never given up, and she'll never let them forget. She doesn't know how badly I wish she would, though. Author's Note: We hope you enjoyed this and will stick with the story! The first Katniss and Peeta chapters will be posted later this week.