too, but not with everyone watching. I rose from the sofa and made my way to my room, motioning for Annie to follow me. She did with some surprise, and when we entered my room, I shut the door. I turned to face her, and saw that she was taking in the contents of my room. I placed my hands on her shoulders, and she gave a small squeak of surprise. She blushed, and looked up at me. I took a deep breath and said, "Congratulations, Annie, you did excellently. I'm proud of you. Knew you had it in you." The last comment came with a wink in her direction. Her smile made my heart skip several beats. Then she said softly, "Thank you, Finnick. None of this would've been possible without you." I was about to protest, saying that it was her own efforts, when suddenly it happened. It was so sudden that even I didn't see it coming. But she looked so beautiful in that moment, that I was unable to resist. I leaned forward and kissed her. For a second, she froze. Then she was tangling her hands in my hair, and in that stretch of time that seemed like eternity, there was only Annie- the feel of her, of her heart hammering against mine, the scent of her lovely crimson hair. I pulled her closer by the waist and she didn't protest. Finnick, said the nagging voice in my head, you can't let this happen. Think about what President Snow would do. The voice was right. I was putting Annie in danger, and I couldn't let any harm come to her. With all the self-restraint I could muster, I pushed her away. She stood completely shocked for a moment, confusion and hurt mingling in her eyes. I sank down onto the bed and put my face in my hands. The tears came, and, this time, I didn't try to stop them. Chapter 9 Finnick said my brother's voice in my head, you're crying in front of a girl. Kill yourself now. Caspian, I thought, with a burst of pain. Dead, dead because of me. All the agony and grief I had kept locked up for so many years suddenly came pouring out, with a fresh wave of tears. Annie's voice cut through my trauma. "Finnick," she said her voice barely more than a whisper. I looked up at her. She clutched her heart and said,"Oh, Finnick, please don't cry, please don't." She looked on the verge of tears herself. The thought of comforting a teary person while I was crying myself was too much to bear, so I forced myself back into one piece. I took a great, ragged breath and said," I'm sorry, Annie. I shouldn't have done what I did. It's not right. You're my tribute, and I'm your mentor. We can't…" My voice trailed off at the look on Annie's face. "You mean you regretted it?" she whispered, sounding hurt. I wanted to scream No! But how could I tell her that she was the light of my life, that I loved her, without damaging her forever? Her voice interrupted my thoughts once again. "You're hiding something from me, Finnick, I know you are. What is it?" she said. I went utterly silent. How could I tell her, without scarring her, and making her turn away from me in disgust? Having Annie in my life without telling her of my feelings was agonizing, but having no Annie at all would be torture. I couldn't bear the thought of her contempt directed at me. Annie said softly, "Please tell me, Finnick. You can tell me anything." There was something in her voice, maybe the motherly tone she used, that made me break down and tell her. Before I could lose confidence, I burst out," I'm a prostitute, Annie." I felt her stiffen beside me, and waited for a reaction but none came. I went on hurriedly," But it isn't by choice, I promise. After I won the Games, President Snow forced me to sell my body. He said that if I refused, he'd kill someone I loved. Of course, I didn't believe him. When the first offer came, I rejected it. Two days later, my parents and brother were killed. After that, I had no choice. I did what he told me. That's why I'm often in the Capitol. Annie, I really do love you. Like I've loved no one else before. But we can't be together, because if President Snow finds out, he'll…" Here my voice cracked and I was unable to speak. I stared at the floor, unable to face the look of disgust that would surely be thinly disguised on her face. But Annie placed her fingers under my chin and forced it up, so I had no choice but to look right into her eyes. To my surprise and overwhelming relief, there was no disgust there, only sorrow. She said, fully meaning it, "I'm so sorry, Finnick, so sorry." I looked at her tentatively. "You're not… contemptuous?" I said. Now it was her turn to be disbelieving. "No, of course not. I'm not so low. No one deserved what you got. I can imagine what you had to go through. President Snow should be assassinated, the…" Her voice trailed off, apparently unable to find words abusive enough to describe Snow. I laughed with the relief of the situation, and she looked at me in surprise, and then smiled too. Her face suddenly became shy when she asked;" Do you really… love me, Finnick?" I stared deep into her eyes when I answered," Of course. You love me too, don't you?" She giggled and replied," Yeah, who wouldn't love Finnick Odair?" Her words made me feel so giddy and light, that I laughed with happiness. I threw myself back onto the bed, where she joined me. And with whispers and laughter over the pillowcases, we fell asleep in each other's arms.