the sight of him staring down at me. His hand runs patterns over my lower back before squeezing me slightly closer. "Nowhere to rush off to?" I whisper, teasingly and he rolls his eyes. "No, you see I'm trying this thing where I'm more laid back." "All I had to do was sleep with you to get you to relax?" I scoff. "Sheesh, I should have done this weeks ago!" "Har, har." We stay wrapped up in each other for a long time, not saying much of anything at all, but rather simply laying lazily with one another, occasionally sneaking a longing kiss. I'm so relaxed that my body is willing me back to sleep just as an urgent knock sounds on Peeta's door. We both jump at the noise and are sit up straight, looking between the door and each other's wild eyes. "Peeta!" Rye cries out and we're on our feet, rushing to collect our clothes and thanking god the door is locked as it rattles with his impatient fingers. "Peeta! Help! I need you!" "Talk to him!" I whisper harshly. "Uh... er... what's wrong, little buddy?" "Katniss is gone! She isn't in her bedroom! She promised she wouldn't leave, she promised!" He cries, his voice edging on hysteria. Part of me wants to throw the door open and take him in my arms, let him know I haven't gone back on my promise and I'm here and he's fine, but the more rational side urges me to properly fasten my bra first. "What are we going to do?" Peeta mouths to me, his face panic-stricken, but I simply shrug after tugging one of Peeta's large shirts over my figure. "He's not going to leave until you let him in." Peeta unlocks the door, peeking his head out just slightly before Rye pushes the door open with force. He stumbles in, tears staining his cheeks before his eyes light up at the sight of me. They stay bright and relieved for a long second before furrowing as he looks between Peeta and me suspiciously. I swallow heavily, gearing myself up for a proper explanation that neither involves lying to him or scarring him for life. I open my lips, but his words beat my own. "Hey, what's going on here?" he wonders with a high pitch to his tone. "Did you guys have a sleepover without me?" I turn to Peeta, who smiles uncontrollably in my direction and pat Rye's head as he wraps his arms around my body tightly. "I thought you were gone," he says. "I'd never leave you," I whisper reassuringly to him. "Either of you." One month later... "Peeta! I thought you said you were making Rye's lunch!" "I am, I am!" he promises, flying past me and into the kitchen where he begins pulling down everything in sight, making a haphazard meal. I look to him with raised eyebrows before letting out a snort that he chuckles at. "Don't worry, I'll have it finished before we leave." "Ten minutes, Mellark." He gives a thumbs up, not even turning to face me in his haste and I make my way up the stairs with a fresh pair of socks for Rye. It's his first day of kindergarten, and although Peeta and I are trying to stay calm so he won't be too nervous, it's hard not to hope for everything to go smoothly. He barely slept last night, insisting on snuggling his way in-between Peeta and I during one of our "sleepovers." He's asked me a hundred times what happens exactly in "kinder- garden" and how come he has to go, but once I inform him of all the cool toys and friends he'll meet, he's more eager to get going. "Katniss! I can wear my light up shoes, right?" He looks adorable, dressed in a brand new outfit he picked out himself last week at the mall. On his shirt is his all-time favorite superhero (Spiderman) which match his light up shoes perfectly. "Of course," I assure him. "You can wear whatever you'd like!" He giggles, taking the socks from me and slipping them onto his feet. He's just learned how to tie his shoes himself and insists on doing them without any help (although it takes five minutes longer than usual). "All set?" I ask, encouragingly, slipping his Spiderman backpack over his shoulders and patting his head. "Yup!" "Peeta? How's that lunch looking?" I call out as we make our way slowly down the staircase. He rounds the corner, holding out his brand new lunch bag and sticking it in Rye's waiting hands. "Done and done!" "Alright, let's get going, we wouldn't want to miss the bus!" Rye insists on holding both our hands as we walk down the busy road to catch the school bus. Every couple of steps we call out: "One, two, three!" and swing him into the air, which makes him giggle uncontrollably before begging for us to do it again! again! "All right, I'll be here waiting for you when the school bus gets back," I tell him right before he steps on. "I can't wait to hear about your exciting day." "You promise you'll be here to pick me up?" he asks, hopefully and I plant a solid kiss on his cheek. "I promise." Peeta and I wave goodbye to him until the bus is completely out of sight and then let out one large breath. "So, now that we have the house all to ourselves, what are we going to do?" Peeta asks me, swinging our entwined hands and looking to me playfully. "Well," I begin, stretching out the word while pretending to think. "If I remember correctly, I think our sleepover was interrupted last night." Thanks for reading. I'll probably end up turning this into a short story, with a couple more "one-shot" type chapters to come in the future. Hope you all enjoyed! You can find me on tumbler (finnickshardtrident) and twitter (passtheheroin).