come back before I went in. The peacekeepers shortened their time with her so I would have the same amount as them. When I walked into the room Katniss was already waiting for me. I held my breath and waited for her to yell at me but she hugged me instead. I almost started crying but I held myself together and hugged her back. "I was afraid you were going to have a breakdown when Gale was called," she says, offering me a forced smile. If my forced smile is anything like Katniss's then it's a good thing Gale told me to stop smiling. "You should have let me volunteer for Prim," I reply, her forced smile turning into a frown. "You were stupid to even think about it!" She snapped. "Why is it stupid for me to do it but not for you?" "Kass…." "We need you!" I screamed, stepping further away and scrunching my hands in anger. "Prim needs you. Mother needs you. You were the only one keeping the family together when dad died. Without you, we are going to fall apart. " "Kass, you don't need me. You're stronger than your realize. You're going to be fine." I shook my head. " Kassidy, I need you to promise to look after them. You have to stay positive and stop thinking you need me to be okay." "Will you at least try to come home?" I whisper. "If you promise to try, I will promise to keep things together at home." "I promised Prim I would try to come home." "Good, I know you can win," I answer honestly. "I want to promise I will try but I'm not going to let Peta die," she whispered. I blinked back tears and nodded. "You knew that, didn't you?" "You need to come home," I managed to say before turning my back and walking towards the door. I still had time but I didn't have much else to say. "Take care of them," she called. "Please keep them and yourself alive." "Come home," I whispered as the doors opened and I followed the Peacekeepers out of the room. Peeta's father walks in next with a bag in his hand. He gives me a reassuring smile before he enters the room and the doors shut behind them. I notice Gale standing behind Madge, waiting for his turn to say goodbye. I look over and notice that there isn't anyone left to say goodbye to Peeta. I walk towards his door and the peacekeepers let me in and close the door behind me. "Hey," I whisper, capturing his attention as he looks up at me with tear stained cheeks. "Kassidy, your mother and Prim just stopped by once they said goodbye to Katniss." It must of been short because they were already gone when I left Katniss's room. I walk towards the love seat in front of him and take a seat. I lean over and grasp his left hand with both of mine. Peeta has always been a big brother to me ever since the day he gave Katniss that piece of bread. I knew he loved her the moment I caught him staring a couple days later. I had introduced myself the next day and told him I approved. Ever since then he's been the big brother that would stand up for me in school when Katniss and Gale weren't around. Gale didn't necessarily like him, but he didn't have much of a choice. "I need you to take care of yourself. I know Gale will watch over you and Prim, he promised your sister. I highly doubt she told you this judging by how quick your visit went, but you need to stay strong." "I'm not katniss," I whispered. "I'm not as strong as her. I don't know what to do if mom shuts down again." "I have faith in you." "Why?" I ask with an incredulous look. " Kass, You're stronger than most of us in the whole district. People generally like you and those who don't eventually end up respecting you. That's why I have faith. You're intentions are always good. Katniss wouldn't leave if she didn't think you could take care of Prim and yourself." "It's not much of a choice." He shook his head. "Peeta, I don't know how either of you could win with the other gone." "That's why I need you to promise me something." "What?" " Don't slip away if we die, Kass, stay alive because we can't." He brought my hand up to his lips and kissed it. "You have always been a little sister to me. No matter what, I will be watching over you. I promise that I will make sure Katniss comes home." "Petea," I mumbled, leaning over and giving him a hug, "Why did you volunteer?" He pulled away and smiled, "I didn't want Katniss to die and especially not alone." I looked in his eyes and even though it was sincere I knew it wasn't the whole truth. "Why did you really Volunteer? You and Gale have never been really close." "Katniss asked me to volunteer if her and Gale were ever picked together. Or if one was already gone and the other was picked," he paused, "I promised her that two years ago and I never break a promise." "Why would she want you to volunteer for Gale?" "Your time is up," the taller peacekeeper said as he opened the door and nodded for me to leave. "Please one more minute," I said, feeling a little brave. " Now!" He demanded. "Bye Peeta," I said, my eyes cast down to avoid him seeing me cry. "I'll keep Katniss alive," Peeta yelled, his last words sinking deep into my memory to always be remembered. With that I was guided out of the room and into the hall. My life had now drastically changed and I was left with a big question. Why did Peeta volunteer?