were," Peeta responds, as the small woman rummages through the cupboards, removing a bread box with cheese cloth covering. "We may have run away from the cameras." He says, as Katniss smiles, grinning at Peeta's almost guilty expression. "Well run far you did." The woman responds, her eyes lit in a kind smile as she sets a familiar loaf of bread on the table, much to Katniss's protests. "I'm sorry it's just the tesserae bread." She says softly, cutting chunks for Katniss and Peeta. Katniss swears she won't touch it. Wont so much as smell the warm bread. She won't take one more thing from these people. She's already ruined it all. "Have you by chance tried using egg whites instead of the whole egg?" Peeta asks, happily receiving his slice with a grin. "We've experimented with the tesserae grain quite a bit at the bakery, trying to make the rations as good as possible. If you can whisk up the egg whites before adding it to the flour mixture, something about it makes the grains cook smoother." "We do have chickens. It really works? Darla and I have been putting in more berries than normal to try and hide the texture." She questions, taking a small bite, the fragrant berries making their presence known. "Growing up as a baker's son, we were surrounded by food, but none of it was for our consumption. The tesserae isn't much, but at least its consistent. My father and I would cook bathes at a time in different ways, and my mother would supplement it with apples or pork if we could spare a pig. The egg whites so far are the only thing we have found to work well," Peeta concludes, taking another bite, reveling in the sweetness of the ripe fruit. Katniss reels, as Peeta and the women continue talking. She assumes their conversation revolves around baking. Peeta took out a tesserae? How many times was his name in the reaping bowl? Surely the bakers couldn't be poor, with the baker giving out bread before it went bad, the numerous unequal deals he made her. They couldn't have been poor. Peeta must be fibbing. He must be. How much did the Mellark's suffer because of the baker's kindness? ... "You really took out a tesserae? But you're a merchant!" Katniss questions, scowling at Peeta as they lean against a shack, Peeta having stopped to tie his shoe. They're finally making their way back to the train, the sun quickly fading. The woman sent them on their way with kind words and full bellies. They never even thought to ask her name. Selfish. "I hate that class distinction – merchant and seam. It's just another way to divide up, make us fight over who has the largest pile of crumbs," Peeta replies, rising to his full height. He places his hands on either side of Katniss's head, leaning in closer. She gulps. "The seam learn that merchants are stuck-up, rich, and fat. And merchant children learn that the seam are a bunch of promiscuous, lazy, and dirty pigs with no ambition to better themselves. Life can't be a constant tally of who has what. The class divide is just another way to control us. Because while all of our food, our resources, and our wealth is transported to the capitol, we are left to fight for the scraps, like scavengers. While the capital owns us, we are all going to suffer, not just seam." Peeta responds, his eyes storming. Katniss's eyes widen, panic lodging in her throat at the rebellious words that escapes him. She hopes there are no cameras to pick those words up. How could Peeta put himself in danger like that, again? Panicked, she pulls him to her, if only to stop him from talking. She kisses him, once, twice, three times, until he responds, pulling her closer. She shivers as his thumb caresses her hip, warmth pooling someplace deep within her as she pulls him closer, deeper into her. His tongue traces her lips as she feels this heat, inviting and all-encompassing. It makes her smile. Pulling away, he smiles. Pressing his lips to her hairline, he murmurs a silent apology. But she knows, of course she knows. Her face flushed as he steps away, her mouth struggling to form the string of sentences she wishes to convey. She wants to say that she's sorry, that she understands, that she knows his anger. She wants to say that she likes sneaking off, the feel of his kisses, the kindness in his eyes. She wants to say thank you, for the bread, for his care, for being here, with her. But she says instead, "I never thought of it like that." They move away, walking down the dirt road, picking up dust with their tread as they race the sun across the sky. The birds chirp, the wind sways, and the sun slowly descends, father and farther as two heads, one dark and one fair, make their way to the train, awaiting their next destination. "Life isn't always black and white Katniss– we live much of it surrounded by a sea of gray." ... I know I know, Peeta probably never had to even consider a Tessarae, so why did I put this in here? Food represents ownership. While citizens cannot feed their children, the capital exerts tremendous will over their kin. As a baker, subject to quota and a strict supply chain, I suspect that growing up, Peeta was very aware of the control the capital had over his family. He lived a special kind of torture, only able to eat stale goods, while at the same time, giving extra away to those that needed it. Despite his status as the statute of goodness, I believe Peeta was always a rebel at heart, and the use of Tessarae in this story is one of the ways I attempt to show him as someone who wants to be free.