standing in the doorway. She turns up to me with a bright smile, again surprising me, before offering a quick wave and turning back to her meal. "I'm making you some breakfast." "That's nice of you. You're up awfully early for someone on summer break." "Nothin' else to do," she mutters, sourly and my lips purse. "Do you... err... are you ready to talk about it, then?" She shakes her head no. I nod. "Can I come into the bakery with you, today?" "Of course, Lilypad." With the nickname, her bottom lip quivers and fat beaded tears pool in her eyes. I open my mouth, as if to take it back (as if he's been calling her it for years, rather than me) but she simply falls into my arms and begins to sob. "Do I need to pull out my shotgun?" I ask, rubbing her back and she sort of hiccups a laugh. "It was going to happen anyway, you know?" she sniffles, clinging to my shirt the same way she used to when she fell off her bike or tripped. "I knew it wouldn't l-last..." "Doesn't make it easier," I soothe. "I just w-w-wanted it too. You know?" "I know." Our eggs burn, which makes her cry a little more, but I promise to make her something special in the bakery instead. "Who wants crummy eggs, anyway?" I offer in the car and she forces a smile to her lips before messing with the seatbelt. "I guess you got your wish, huh?" "Hey," I say, waiting for her to meet my eyes before continuing. I run a hand over her forehead and up over her still damp hair before placing a kiss against her scalp. "I never wanted this," I promise her. "In fact, I wanted the exact opposite of this. I never, ever want to see you hurt." "I know," she says before facing front again. We don't talk until we arrive at the bakery and I've handed her a fresh cup of coffee and not one, but two cinnamon buns. She laughs but pushes one to me, claiming the last thing she needs is to put on weight. "I think today can be an exception," I say, using my best persuading voice and she smirks before pressing the plate closer to her again. "Okay, I guess so too," she giggles, tearing a piece off and sticking it into her mouth. As she chews, she seems to realize something as her eyes go wide and she smacks the table. She swallows in an instant and is staring at me in shock. "Oh my god, how was your date?" "We don't have to talk about that, Lil." "No, I am the biggest idiot in the world and totally selfish!" "Lily..." "Dad, please," she says, taking a drag of her coffee. "I need some good news." I sigh deeply, unsure of what to tell her exactly when the door to the bakery opens heavily, and I turn to find Katniss walking inside, just on time. Her cheeks flush as she realizes that we are not the only two in the bakery, but she waves towards Lily first before turning to me with a timid smile. "Hello... Mellarks." "We were just talking about you," Lily beams and all my skin prickles. "All good things, I hope," she tries teasing, but her tone comes across more serious as we study each other. "Would you um... like your usual?" I ask, standing from the seat across from Lily and dusting my hands on my apron. She nods, following me over to the counter and Lily turns back to her plate of cinnamon buns. I dish up a cheese bun and pass it across the counter top to her before lingering in front of her, unsure of what to say. "Did you figure out a lie yet?" she whispers and I smirk before shaking my head. "Haven't gotten there yet. There was a... crisis... at home last night. Lily's boyfriend sort of... ended things." "Oh, jeez," Katniss hisses, turning her head slightly to cast a look back at Lily. "I'm not sure two cinnamon buns will be enough." "Me neither," I reply. "I have a feeling we'll be eating Ben and Jerry's for the next few nights." "At least," she jokes and we both share a quiet laugh before she sighs deeply. "I really am sorry for her though. Breakups... suck." "Yeah," I sigh, taking a sip of my own coffee. "This is probably wildly inappropriate now, but I uh, actually didn't stop by just for a cheese bun," she admits after a quiet moment. "I... really did have a lot of fun with you last night. It was nice spending time with you outside of your uh... well, here." I smile, my heart beating faster in my chest with her words. "I had a lot of fun with you, too... Katniss. I was uh, actually sort of hoping that maybe we could do it again... sometime." When I chance a look up at her, her eyes are wide with excitement and her lips are twisted up into a smile. She takes her coffee and cheese bun in her hands before turning up to me with a quick nod. "I would love to." "You... you would?" She nods, chuckling a little. "Okay great! I'll uh... I'll call you then, if that uh... works for you!" "Works for me," she winks before casting both Lily and me a farewell wave and rushing past the doors. Lily watches her walk to her car through the large glass windows and then turns back to me, who is still grinning like an idiot I imagine, and her eyebrows lift in question. "What was that about?" she asks, her voice slightly sing-songish. "She... wants to go out again." Thanks for reading :) come chat on tumblr if you'd like, i'm stutteringpeeta. Special thanks to my beta fnur and my friends for helping me when I wanted to quit.