she'd pay me more on account of not needing the room and board?" I asked still in awe. Haymitch sighed. "Well, you see that is the non-negotiable part of this. She wants someone there all hours of the day. I already asked her about that. I know you won't leave Primrose behind without good reason." "I won't leave Prim behind at all!" I barked. "You know I can't leave her." "Calm down," he said holding up a hand. "I thought about that too. Mrs. Callahan is thinking on taking on a boarder. Being that her husband moved on and little John isn't too hale, she needs the money. Girl's almost seventeen and doesn't exactly need to be tied to her apron strings either." Everything that Doc told me was true. I knew that Prim could do well enough boarding with Mrs. Callahan. The widow was a good person. Poor, like most folks around here, but she was much kinder to us than many others were. She had even given Prim some of her daughter's clothes when they were too small for the older girl. I wished I could have said something bad about her. Something that would have discounted the idea, but I couldn't. With Gale's death still fresh in my mind, I just didn't want to be away from Prim too. I wanted to hold my sister close enough that nothing bad could ever happen to her. Haymitch leaned back in his chair. I suppose he knew me well enough to see my fears written plain as day on his face. "Think on it a night or so. I told Mrs. Mellark I would need a day to convince you but that you were worth waiting on. I told her that I doubted the devil himself could run you off." The rest of day went by painfully slow. I spent the better part of the morning putting away a shipment of medical supplies that had come in the day before. After that, I boiled the sheets that young John Callahan had been sleeping on the previous nights and scorched the bed pans. My body was occupied by the tasks but my mind was elsewhere. I didn't know too terribly much about the Mellarks. They owned the coal mine and some other factories both in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, but despite owning a home nearby, they were seldom seen near town. They were cut of a much finer cloth than the folks here. Every July there would be a bit of hubbub when the Mellarks opened up their cottage. Folks were always twittering on about how fancy the cars that drove through town were or how finely dressed the Mellarks were, but as far as I knew not one of the locals had much association with them. I had met one of the Mellark boys, but it was frankly a time I didn't care much to think about. It was right after Mama had killed herself. Prim and I had been surviving well enough on what I was able to forage, but there was no money to speak of. One of the neighbor boys came down with the chicken pox and Prim soon followed. Remembering what Mama had taught me, I was able to get her through the first few days, but then her fever set in. God, how quickly she got sick. I rushed into town with what little I had to my name—a few pennies and a costume broach of my Mama's, but the old druggist wouldn't sell give me anything to bring down her fever. I pleaded and begged promising to do anything at all to work off the balance, but he wouldn't budge. The Mellarks owned the store and they weren't known for Christian charity. Now I understand that he would probably have been fired for helping me, but at the time that didn't matter. But that was when I met him. I was just about to walk out of the store when I saw a boy no older than myself staring at me. He was just an average boy to look at, but he was dressed in clothes that probably cost more than every single thing I owned. The only physical detail I remembered about him was that he had eyes so impossibly blue you'd think you could swim in them. With no more than a gesture to the druggist, he saw to it that I got that medicine. I owed him a debt, and that didn't sit well with my pride. I wondered if it was the same young man who was now horribly maimed. I hoped not, but either way, there was a lot to consider. Back at home that night, I found myself curled into our threadbare old couch with my feet curled beneath me. I watched as Prim sat in Mama's rocking chair still sewing just as as she had predicted earlier. For about the twentieth time that day, I wondered if it was fair to Prim not to take the job. That money would mean that Prim wouldn't have to sew till her fingers bled anymore. She could wear nice dresses and eat a full belly's worth at every meal. Prim could become lady enough to step out of the black shadow that the Everdeen name had cast over us both. I remembered last year's social dance. Prim had scrimped and saved enough to buy some lace for on her best dress, but no boy had asked her to go even though she was by far the prettiest girl around. I could still remember how hurt she'd looked as she'd tucked the dress away. She'd smiled at me and said "it's just nice to dream a bit," but just the same it had made my heart ache. Eighty dollars a week could change a lot. I had no choice but to do it for Prim. "Prim," I began hesitantly. She looked up at me over her stilled needle and frowned. "Yes?"