loved him, but he did not hear her declaration of her love for him. He would die the next day, never knowing that she confessed her love for him. viii. And suddenly, the ground was falling, but not in the way that Annie's hallucinations played out a breaking ground to be. It started before the sunrise, and began with tremors that could simply be marked off as a simple earthquake. Annie wished to sleep, but Finnick was more cautious than that—he knew that there was nothing natural in the arena, and that he, Annie, and two Careers were the only people left in the arena. The Capitol needed a way to provide a bloody fight to the death of all but one, but none of the tributes could have imagined that it would come by the Gamemakers taking the ground and shattering it. In moments, flakes of the ground were falling away, and Finnick was screaming in hysterics that Annie could not understand—or perhaps the hysterics were in Annie's mind, fueled by her thoughts that were too rapid for her to understand herself. She felt Finnick's hand take hers and pull her into a run towards the Cornucopia, and she followed him. Many times, the both of them nearly fell into the blackness that the ground was disintegrating into, but Finnick always managed to pull her back up and help her keep running on the half-solid ground. In the distance, a cannon popped in the air, and she heard a sadistic laugh that was not necessarily happy from her love. He only ran faster at the noise, and together they whipped through the falling trees and crumbling grounds, and she pretended that the shattered floor and instability was not like a vision painted from her nightmares. But this was not a nightmare. Her mind was filling with images of gore and hellish creatures and falling floors, and suddenly, she felt her weight being lifted. Was she falling, or flying? Or perhaps a strange combination of the two? No, she was being suspended by only her hand. Her green eyes popped open, and her eyes clashed with the grey of the Cornucopia before they met with the sea of Finnick's eyes, and a second cannon fired. One, two. Two are dead. Two are alive. Annie nearly fell off of the Cornucopia and into the blackness that now surrounded the arena upon the realization that two tributes were alive, but she managed to steady herself with a single look into his eyes. I am the first. He is the second. Annie wanted to hug him, wanted to tell him that they made it, but his beautiful eyes were nothing but heartbroken. There was a pain inside of him—it was shown through his eyes—and Annie ached to heal the pain that was consuming her love. The clockwork of his mind was turning in a way that hers was not, and he stood from where he had been sitting on the floor. "There can only be one victor, Annie." Finnick whispered harshly, and a drop of water that looked to be opalescent dripped from his light eyelashes. "I'm sorry, Annie. I'm so, so sorry." His voice cracked on the last word of his apology. Annie wanted to ask him what he was sorry for, but she was stopped by his lips meeting hers for the first time. His lips were chapped from dehydration, and his lips tasted of the bitter berries they had eaten earlier, but she wanted to hold the moment for as long as she lived. His lips moved from hers and landed on her forehead, and he mumbled a second apology to her. "I'm sorry, Annie." The beautiful boy gave her a disorienting look—the last he would look at her in that beautiful way—and allowed a peal of tears to fall freely from his eyes. Annie did not understand why he was crying, but she wanted to comfort him in some way. A part of her told her that she could not comfort him, and though she did not understand why she could not, she didn't question what her mind commanded her. "I love you, Annie." He took a step backwards, then another. Another movement of his feet brought him to the edge of the platform and the only solid land for miles, and soon Annie realized that falling off the edge of the Cornucopia would kill him. She wanted to scream, wanted to hold him back, wanted to tell him that she loved him, but she could do nothing but watch. She was silent as he spread his arms and fell backwards to his death—she could not speak, could not breathe, could not tell him that she loved him. She could never tell him that she loved him in a way that he would hear for she knew that he was gone, gone forever. The sound of a cannon rang through her ears, and Annie knew that she would never be okay again. secondary notes: Thank you to anyone who bore with me through that angsty mess of odesta c: I'm sorry for killing Finnick, and I hate writing or reading about his death (and will undoubtably lose it in Mockingjay: Part Two when I watch it) but it made sense in my mind. The recurring themes of "I'm not okay," were taken from The Fault In Our Stars by John Green. question of the day: What is your pet peeve of fanfiction authors? My main one is spelling and grammar errors in a fic—simple ones are fine, but ones that are hard to read through are annoying, or constant repetition of the same misspelling. And A/N's in the middle of fics. And threatening to delete a story if it doesn't receive [blank] reviews by the next chapter or update. (why am I ranting so much my gosh I'm bitter. I should go live alone with my cats and die because I'm allergic.) leave a review in the box c: