hurt Ember—but the wolf girl hadn't known that. Well . . . in reality, I probably deserved it from hitting her in the face with a ball in the first place, but still. It was uncalled for. That stupid girl followed Ember around like a lap dog. A nice numbness was starting to settle over me as the whisky finally took effect, but my mind was still on high-alert and racing. Why couldn't I read Ember's mind? She was just a Zero. What did she feel like, being ignored and outcast by everyone around her? Why did I feel bad for upsetting her? Why did I care? Care?! No. No, Damien Moyer didn't care about people. He didn't worry about hurting someone's feelings, and he most certainly didn't stay up at night thinking about anyone! I chugged the last of the whiskey and threw the bottle at the wall, where it crashed and shattered into a million pieces. I ran my hand back through my hair. What had that girl done to me? You know the answer to that, some cruel and sadistic part of my mind whispered. Images, hot and fast, flooded my head and flashed before my eyes. Memories tumbled out of balance, and it was like I was re-living my worst experience over again. No . . . I was just 10, living in a shitty neighborhood outside of town. Things . . . weren't so good at home. I was always happy to go to school, because it meant less time to be at home. Anything was better than being home. Anything . My parents were terrible. My mother was mostly gone, working some dead end job, but my father . . . he was always home. He was a monster. He was a dead-beat drunk. Not just that, but a powerful Psych with telekinesis. He was abusive. I hadn't yet awakened to my powers; my younger brother and I had both been tested, and we'd come out positive Zeros. We weren't supposed to have powers, ever. My brother was only seven, and he was my world. He was my companion, my only real friend. I had to protect him . . . I did my best when I could, but my father hated us. Hated us for being different. My mother didn't try to stop it. She never even tried. One day, Kris and I had come home from school; dad was drunk out of his mind. I told Kris to go to our room, he didn't listen. My dad used his power to slam me into the wall, smashing a framed photo of him and mom from their wedding day. I could still feel the throbbing in my head. Kris tried knocking dad down, but he was just a little kid. Doing that only enraged dad further, and he went after Kris. He didn't even use his power, just grabbed him by the neck and slammed his tiny head into the wall over, and over, and over, and over again . . . I was crying. No, I was sobbing. Even through the tears I could see the blood. I tried to pull dad off, make him let go, but he ignored me. I was too weak. I begged, pleaded, pounded my fists against him but he didn't stop. The blood didn't, either. There was so much blood . . . I could still hear Kris' screams, and then his silence as his head lolled to the side. Only then did my father drop him to the floor, seeming to not even realize what he'd done. I ran to him, but there was nothing. His skull was cracked open; there was so much blood . . . something snapped inside of me. I was overcome with a blind rage so powerful it swept through my insides and ignited them with a white-hot fire. The next thing I knew, I was on my dad. I was punching his face, punching, and punching, and punching. And . . . his face was breaking. He was bleeding. His face seemed to contort with each punch and dent his skull inward, I kept going. I didn't stop until his face was unrecognizable, blood soaked my shirt, my hands, my face, splattered everywhere. He was bleeding everywhere. He was dead. It wasn't until later I realized I'd gained enhanced strength. When my mother came home, I compelled her without even realizing it. I remember my words; "You need to die!" She'd shot herself moments afterwards. I was found a few days later, when the school recognized my brother and my unexcused absences; I'd been huddled in the corner, still covered in my father's blood. My brother was dead. My whole family was dead, because of me . My mother and father deserved it. But my brother . . . my brother should have lived. He should not have died. Stealth powers were supposed to be born with; no one knew why mine came late. I was told my Psych powers had held them back. The paramedics and police hadn't blamed me; it was self-defense. That's what they had said. I was later put into the care of the Headmaster of Enhancement Academy. I jolted upright in my bed, the wounds from that night eight years ago opening back up again. My brother . . . had been a Zero. I would never know if his test was wrong. I was supposed to be a Zero. A realization dawned on me, why I felt the need to protect Ember. Why I cared. Never speaking to her; I'd been able to ignore that fondness. But now that I'd hurt her, now that I'd talked to her . . . I couldn't ignore it. She's like Kris. I curled my legs to my chest, eyes open but unseeing. I spent the rest of the night holding back the sobs that racked my body with every shaky breath. I was never drinking again.