mouth to reply, but was interrupted. "Hey, Hawthorne!" I spotted a former football teammate jogging up to me holding up an empty beer case. "Dude, we're out of beer already." "So either quit drinking or send someone on a beer run," I growled, rolling my eyes. Katniss snorted. "I can see where this party is headed. I should go home." "Please, don't," I begged, surprising both of us. "Just take a walk with me. I've wanted to talk to you." She looked over to where Prim was stranding. The younger girl was laughing and talking to Darius and a few others—who all seemed sober. For the moment, it looked like Prim was in good hands. Before we started down the path, Prim waved us over. "I'm a little tired," she said. "Darius actually offered to drive me home. Would you mind, Katniss?" Katniss eyed Darius closely. "You're okay with giving her a lift?" "I offered," he answered with a shrug. "Besides, you already know that I haven't been drinking." "Fine," Katniss agreed after a moment. She pulled Prim into a quick hug. "I won't be too far behind you." I gave Prim a quick hug and said good night. Though I regret it now, I was glad that she was going. It meant one less distraction for Katniss. Whenever Prim was around, Katniss tended to hover. That night, I wanted to be the only thing on her mind. We walked down to the edge of the woods. As kids, we had come down here on many of our jaunts. Despite a thousand warnings that old quarry was dangerous, the lure of the place was just too much. There was too much to explore. We followed the path to where a giant stone slab rested. Katniss took a seat, and watched me silently. "I'm sorry," I said softly as I sat beside her. "I have been a real dick about you and Mellark." "You have," she agreed. "I miss being here when I am at school. I really do. Sometimes, it's just hard to come back. You're right, I did want you to just be waiting for me," I admitted. "You can't tell me that you've never thought about what it would be like—you know, you and me." "I have thought about it," she confirmed cryptically. "And?" "And I'm not sure. I love you like a brother, Gale, but I don't know that I want more than that," she replied. I felt like I had been punched in the gut. "So, what about Mellark?" "I don't know about that, either. Maybe, but I'm just not sure." She began pulling at the frayed edge of her old sweatshirt sleeve. "You act like this should all be so easy." "It can be that easy," I assured her. Moving closer to her, I cupped her face in my hand and pulled her lips to mine. Though she didn't push me away, she didn't exactly welcome me either. She stayed still in my arms, even as I tried to kiss her in the way that other girls seemed to melt into. I gave up. "It's not that easy," she said softly. "I guess not. So what now?" I put space between us. "Can't we just be friends? Can't we try to stay closer when you go back to school?" I picked up a stone from the ground and threw it as hard as I could. If there had been a wall around, I probably would have punched it. What guy wants to hear the "Let's be friends" speech? I sighed and raked a hand through my hair. "Friends. All right, I guess I can handle that," I lied. We stayed down by the rock for quite a while. From the basin below, I could hear the party still going full swing, but I really didn't give a damn. I didn't care that I could go home with just about any girl down there if I wanted to. The one person I wanted didn't want me, and the party couldn't distract me from that. I stared at the halo-like glow of the fires and wished I had never thrown it. "It looks like everyone is having a good time," she said, following my gaze. "The party is lame, but let's head back up anyway." A strained silence stretched out between us as we walked. I didn't really have anything to say to her beyond what I already had. I put what I was feeling out there, and she turned me down. What more was there? By the time we made it back, I couldn't bear the thought of staying. Without a word, I pulled my truck keys from my pocket. "Where do you think you're going?" Katniss asked, as she gripped my arm. "Home. I'm done with this." "There is no way that I am letting you drive." She pried the keys from my fingers without too much resistance. I knew I was still too drunk to drive. Peeta agreed to follow behind us in his car, and Katniss slipped behind the wheel of my truck as I reluctantly slid into the passenger seat. I flipped on the radio to avoid any conversation, which she didn't seem to mind. It's funny, the things you remember and the things you don't. I remember the song "November Rain" by Guns N' Roses playing in the background, and how I leaned my head on the window as she drove. What I don't remember is when exactly we first saw the lights and heard the sirens. I can't pinpoint that moment, no matter how hard I try. It was like one minute we were driving along in silence, and then everything sped up into a ball of color and sound. I think the next coherent thing I can still picture are the cop cars and ambulance lining the road almost blocking us from seeing the smashed up pieces of metal that used to be cars. One of them was Darius'.