about anything else? "K-Katniss," Peeta stammers, his words coming out short. His chest sort of heaves with my hand resting between his legs and slowly, I can feel him beginning to harden underneath my touch. "Sit down," I command, rather than suggest and Peeta moans a little before moving quickly over to the long couch set up. He spreads his legs a little, watching intently as I kneel down in-between them, removing the robe which covers his bare skin. His dick lays flush against his left leg, hardening slightly upon the cool contact of the air. I waste no time in wrapping my hand around him and begin pumping him back and forth. I'm not quite sure what else a "fluffer" is supposed to do... so I stay silent, never taking my eyes away from my hand gliding along him. He is thick. Similar to how I imagined and my small hand hardly wraps around him fully. I give him a slight squeeze, feeling the rise of his veins and hear him let out a small noise above me. When I chance a glance up, his eyes are focused down on me, hands clenched tightly around the sofa. My lips turn up into what I hope is a reassuring smile which he returns a second later, shakily. "You're... really good at... this," he groans, his breath hitching as I run my palm over his tip, like I remember the girl from the video I watched doing. I reach down and cup his balls with my other hand, smirking to myself as his head tilts back into the couch. "Ohhh fuck," he breathes, and then his head snaps forward with wide eyes. "I-I'm sorry... I didn't mean-" "Shhh," I say, trying to hide my laughter as I turn my head into my shoulder. "What? Does that surprise you?" His eyes light up with recognition and he shakes his head a little, letting out a breathy laugh. "I know a thing or two," I say, continuing. "I uh... had a pretty serious boyfriend back in high school, so..." I trail off, shaking my head a little to myself, because I can't understand why the hell I'm bringing up Gale Hawthorne in this moment of them all. If Peeta notices, he doesn't say anything or even acknowledge it. I'm not sure how long I'm supposed to go on, but I know part of my job is to relax him so he doesn't seem tense on set... but looking at him now it's as if all his muscles are clenched up in knots. I focus on his stomach, where I can easily make out the contours of each defined muscle and smoothly run my fingernails over them. I settle on the spot below his belly, where a thin line of hair trails downward. I twist my fingers in it, scratching gently and smiling to myself as his upper body bucks forward and he lets out a deep sigh, his hips wiggling unintentionally on the couch. "Shit." "Hey," I whisper, my own breath catching as his eyes bore into my own. His pupils are so wide that the blue in his iris's are hardly visible. "Relax." "Kay," he mumbles. "Am I doing all right?" I ask, and before the words are out he's shaking his head vigorously up and down, eyes still clenched shut. "Fantastic... just uh ... a little quicker." "Okay," I whisper, gliding my hand along him with more speed. His breathing turns shallow, and although his muscles seemed to relax for a moment, they're screwed tight again, all the way down to his calves. I watch his toes curl and uncurl into the carpet before he lets out a low growl, his hips rocking irregularly into my palm. "Oh fuck... ahhh... Katniss!" I watch in shock as Peeta begins to cum without warning all over his tight stomach and my palm. My hand continues to milk him through his orgasm, as if I'm in a trance, and my eyes cannot look away from his thrashing face. Slowly though, his moans of pleasure turn into those of agony as he looks down at his stomach in horror, his face redder than I've ever seen it before. When his breathing stills, the air is silent. "What... what the fuck just happened?" he finally asked, his voice shaking. "Shit." "Peeta..." "I swear to God this doesn't happen!" he says, as if needing to assure me. "I... I don't know why..." "Okay, okay, calm down... everything is going to be fine," I tell him, raising my hands up in surrender as he runs his through his hair. "What the fuck are we going to do? They're going to come in to get me any minute." "Well, that's okay, we just need to get you hard again," I say impulsively, taking hold of him and gliding my hand up and down him quickly. He gasps loudly, his thighs instinctively pressing together as his hand jumps to close over mine. "No, I... it's sensitive, you can't do that," he hisses. "I need to recover. Damn, Everdeen." "I... I'm sorry," I say in-between inappropriate fits of giggles. Peeta looks down at me with wide unbelieving eyes before his mouth drops open slightly. "Did... are you laughing at me?" he tries sounding serious, but the rising smile on his lips does little to help his case. "This is very serious business, you had one job!" "Yeah, and apparently I did it a little too well." His dark tinted cheeks brighten as he rolls his eyes playfully, pushing himself further back into the couch and running his hands over his head as if he were tired. "You have no idea," he groans into his hands. "No idea the effect you can have on someone." So, this was a drabble request on tumblr from aquapisc that sort of got out of control and is now a mini-story. It'll be three chapters long. Thank you for reading! :) Find me on tumblr: finnickshardtrident.