examining before it was put on display. She opened the door and stepped inside. Sure enough, there was his new find. A small chest, intricately carved scrolls and designs around the edges. It was beautiful. She wondered what the story behind this piece was? She had seen carvings similar to the ones on the chest before but she couldn't quite place it. She sat down in the oversized leather chair at his desk and regarded the chest for awhile. She would only sit for a minute, it was already after 2am and she had to finish his office and put everything away and be long gone by 4. She leaned back and closed her eyes and before she was aware what was happening her exhausted body caved in to sleep. "...I have no idea how old it is. But very, would be my guess. I'd say 17th maybe even 16th century. But that's what you're for Plutarch" Katniss' foggy mind slowly registered Seneca Crane's voice. With a start, she shot forward, suddenly aware of where she was. She glanced at the clock on the wall...4:47am. "Shit! Oh shit!" Katniss panicked. If she got caught she would be fired on the spot. She couldn't let that happen. She was thinking of climbing out the window when she heard keys in the door, no time for the window. Her only hope was under the desk, so she scurried to the back and balled herself up as small as possible. "Damn it! How many times have I told that woman to turn the damn lights off!" Seneca said as he entered his office. Katniss bit her lip and forced her breathing to slow down. Seneca and another mans legs came into view at the front of his desk. She prayed she was hidden good enough. "Oh my..." the other man said. "Isn't it beautiful? Have you ever seen anything like it?" Seneca asked the man. "It's gorgeous. Look at how intricate that scrollwork is. Definitely of Scottish origin" the man said. Scotland, yes of course. That's where Katniss had seen carvings like that before. "Have you tried to open it yet?" The man asked. "No, I was waiting for you. The less it's handled the better. Here, put the gloves on and let's see" Seneca said. There was silence in the room and Katniss feared that they might be able to hear her heart beating. The men said nothing for a time, but she heard a slight scraping noise as one of the men picked up the chest. "Heavier then it looks. I see no latches but it has hinges. How on earth do you open it though?" The man pondered. "What about that right there, the small raised spot in the scrolling, try that" Seneca offered. There was a small hissing noise and both men gasped. Katniss was holding her breath. What the hell is it? She wondered. "Here, use the tongs. We can't be too careful" Seneca said. There was silence again for a long time, Katniss was about to explode from under the desk just so she could get a look herself. "It's amazing. I've never seen anything like it. It almost looks futuristic, doesn't it? I'm not sure what type of metal this is" the man said. "Well, get to work on it Plutarch, I want answers as soon as possible" Seneca said. "Where did you say you found this?" The man asked. "It was unearthed in the highlands of Scotland. A farmer was dredging rock out of a riverbed to mend a fence and came across it. Thank god I have friends in the area who owed me a favor or I'd never have gotten it" Seneca said. Katniss rolled her eyes, she could practically see the giddy look on his face, she was surprised he wasn't clapping his hands with glee. "If it's been under water for...well...possibly hundreds of years, how on earth is it in such immaculate shape? And the seal on it...? How did they manage to get such a waterproof seal so long ago?" The Plutarch man wondered. "That's neither here nor there. I have it and I'm very lucky. Now, get to work on identifying it and dating it. Clear everything else. This is your priority now" Seneca said. "I may need help with this one" Plutarch said. "Of course, I'll assign someone trustworthy to help you. For now, lets go get some coffee to celebrate!" Seneca said and Katniss heard the door to his office close behind them and their muffled voices as they walked down the hall. Katniss released a breath she didn't know she was holding. That was close. She stayed put for a few minutes, making sure they didn't forget something and come back. But then her curiosity wouldn't wait any longer and she climbed out from under the desk. Thank goodness they left the chest on his desk. Katniss knew she should leave it alone, she'd already dodged one bullet today, toying with whatever this was would not be a good idea. "It almost looks futuristic" the mans words rang in her head. She had to see it. She looked for the raised spot in the scrollwork that Seneca had mentioned and found it with ease once she knew what she was looking for. She pushed it and the chest cracked open with the same hissing sound as before. There in the chest, nestled in a red and black fabric, was a brightly polished, almost shining silvery bottle with a stopper in the top. The bottle was also intricately carved with swirling designs and loops but not quite like the ones on the wood. "Ok, you've seen it, now leave" Katniss whispered out loud. 'Touch it' part of her brain said. She raised her hand, reaching slowly for the small flask, as soon as she made contact it felt as if she'd been shocked with static electricity but worse. Then suddenly she had the sensation she was falling...