Jordan had everything for him. He would get great grades in school, and get a football scholarship, possibly even a hockey scholarship. They had nothing but faith in him. Dylan didn't want to upset them, but when they discovered that he was gone, all they could do was mourn. His father attempted suicide twice in the past month. His mother stays in bed and cries all night and day. Even Jade, who tried to protect her bother all these years cuts herself, wishing she had told someone what her brother was telling her. Jade folded up the note and put it in her pocket, took the box, with the bear still insider, and continued down the hallway. She walked through a doorway with the faded number '298' on the wall beside it. There were cobwebs in the corners, soot on all of the desks, it was an old classroom. It was her old 4th grade classroom. After the fire, the fire department went inside to see fi there were any other people left inside, after that, they left. No one has been inside the school until this day. She walked to the very back of the class to a desk, held up by three legs. She sat down in the seat, and looked to the front of the class. It was then she found everything looked different. The walls had posters on them, in many colors. "Math is fun", one read. And the alphabet was hung high above the chalkboard. She watched as the teacher tought them how to divide larger numbers. She looked around the room to all of the young students writing down notes, and trying to understand. She looked at one boy in particular. A young boy with short dusty brown hair, and hazel eyes. He was wearing a striped colllar t-shirt, and a pair of blue jeans. The laminated strip of paper taped to his desk read 'Dylan". His name was Dylan Courtier. Dylan was one of Jordans best friends, and Jades crush. Jade would always talk t him, sit with him at lunch, play with him at recess, but never had the courage to tell him how she felt. They were young, she didn't want to lose a best friend. It wasn't until a piece of wood fell from the front of the room that Jade escaped from the day dream. She opened her desk hesitantly, and looked to see a card. The colors were faded, and the red heart in the middle was a near pink. She pulled it out of her desk, brushing off cobwebs, and opened it. " Jordan, I love you so much! HAPPY VALENTINES DAY! Jade It was her own valentines day card for Jordan. She wasn't keeping up on her chores, so she couldn't afford to get him a gift. The fire was started before she had a chance to give her brother his made her feel horrible. Perhaps if she took the card out of her desk before the evacuation he wouldn't of been so depressed. Could this minor detail be part of a huge event? There's no way to know now. Jade got up from her seat, and slowly made her way to the hallway. As she walked through the halls of old memories, she looked in each room and saw what she had seen in 4th grade. She walked to the front door, the same in which she entered through, and pushed on the handle. It wouldn't open. The hallway was silent, there wasn't a noise to be heard. She continued to another side door in the school and attempted to open it. It wouldn't budge. She made her way around the abandoned school and checked every door and every window she could find. All the doors have been wedged shut, and all of the windows are locked. There's no way out , she thought to herself. She went to the old cafeteria to see if there was any other way out. It looked... normal. There was no soot, the table were all intact, and the floors were clean. Cobwebs were the only thing she noticed. She looked out of the windows. There were no cars outside, and the streets were empty. Where was every one? Am I going to be stuck here forever? These are the questions that haunted continued to walk through the school. Next she went to the gym to see if there was anyway out. Not a sound was heard. Not even wind could be heard from outside. She pulled open the gym door with all of her strength and it began to creak open. Maybe there was hope. She kept pulling and it finally flung open. She turned down the street to the corner store. Jade noticed the lights were off. This was strange for a 24 hour store. She knocked on the door, no reply. At this time she was worried about her family. What if Mike expected she was in danger? How is Dylan? Is he okay? She continued walking down the street. At the end of the road there was a church. Someone is always there. She went up to the door and knocked three times. No one answered. She opened the door and walked inside. "Hello?" She called out. Still no response. It was a ghost town. She looked around the dark church and walked over towards the front where the priest stands. She looked at the man nailed to the cross up on the wall. Well, there's no one here either. So I should just go . She turned around to walk out, and nearly screamed by the sight in front of her. She couldn't scream. She tried so hard, but nothing would come out. She fell backwards onto the floor, and began crawling back towards the wall. What did she see? Pale white faces sitting in the benches. Still, staring at her. No one was breathing, and no one was speaking. They were just watching.