when the first drop of water drips on my forehead and slides down my face. "Rue I'm going to go set up the message camp. You stay in the cave and don't go near the boy. He's is dangerous and I am not kidding." She nods as she helps katniss pack up the supplies. "So you are going to just leave me out here. While it rains." I give her a fake pouty face, she flashes back an unapologetic smile. "A little rain never killed anyone" it took her about fifteen minutes to finish packing and finally leave. She gives me one final glare before leaving, my mischievous smile gives her pause. "If you hurt that girl, I'll make you pay tenfold." "Tt-what makes you think I'd do anything to her. I don't hurt children." She scoffs. "I beg to differ." I drop my gaze to the floor as my mind rushes to the face of the twelve year old from district four. I shake it off, I have to be strong. "That's different, if I wanted to hurt either of you you'd already be dead." She rolls her perfect blue-grey eyes. "Not really." I can tell our conversation is over as she turns to the entrance of the cave. "Bye rue, be safe." She peeks her little head out of the cave and nods. "Good luck." Rue chirps. I settle down against the tree, my plan is to sleep until the girl on fire returns. I close my eyes and listen to her footsteps grow softer and fainter as the seconds pass. The silence is relaxing, I quite enjoy the forest. In district two we don't have very many trees. Just lots of buildings, and large angry people. The snapping of a twig next to me draws my attention. "You're not very good with obeying orders are you?" I ask the tiny girl who has tip toed out to sit by me. She shakes her head. "No, I-uh… I just have a few questions for you?" I gesture for her sit next me. "Ask away, I have nothing else to do." My tiny captor nestles into the grass beside me. "Ookay, question one. What is your favorite time of day?" I stare at a tree and its leaves as they sway in the wind. Thinking over her question doesn't take long. "Night, when the stars come out." She smiles. "I like early morning, when the sun peeks over the horizon. That's when I start work, do you work?" I nod as the large droplets of water smack my face. Rue has positioned herself out of the rain, something I am unable to do. "Yes, a little. When I wasn't training. My father is a skilled swords craftsman, I help him on occasion and sometimes I'd take a couple of shifts in the mines." "Favorite color?" "Red, you?" she smiles "Purple and yellow." She points to some flowers growing off in the distance. "Like those." "They are pretty." I say, earning a smile. "What is your district like?" I sigh. "Insipid, dull, bland. Need I go on?" she giggles. "You're funny…thresh is funny, too" her bright smile slowly fades away from her face. "Is it okay if I ask a few questions as well?" she nods. "okay, how do you know thresh?" she sits up a little straighter in preparation for my question. "He and his family live next door to mine, and he works in the same corner of the fields that work in. he's my best friend. Do you have any best friends?" she ask, man this girl is inquisitive, in a cute little kids way. Sophia was like that too. "Just one, clove. We met on her first day on training. She threw a knife and it gave me this." I angle my face so she can see the scar on my chin. "Everyone else is either scared of me or not worth being friends with." "Oh, are we friends?" I give her a reassuring smile and nod. "If you want to be friends with a big brute like me." She giggles and nods, the rain starts to pick up, now drenching me. Rue, who now is getting hit by the rain, scoots closer. "I'd like that." She pauses, as if electing whether or not to speak. "We should get out of the rain." She finally says. I nod "Ya go get in the cave, we don't want you getting sick." She stands up. "But… what about you? Won't you get sick too?" I shake my head. "No I'm stronger and older. You go in there and get some sleep katniss will be back soon." She nods and turns to head towards the cave. Suddenly she stops. "Who is Sophia?" her questions hurts more than a stab wound, it's been three years and hearing her name still stings. "Go get some sleep." She plops down in her spot. "Not until you tell me who Sophia is." "Okay-"just stop-stop saying her name, I think to myself. Taking a deep breath, I sit up taller to give myself a strong look. I don't like looking weak. "Where did you even hear that name?" she shrugs. "You kept talking about her when you were ranting in your sleep. Katniss said it must be your girlfriend, but I didn't think so..." her teeth begin to chatter. "I'll answer you, but first go get that sleeping bag and cover up or you are going to freeze to death." She nods, quickly bouncing off to get what I told her. She returns within seconds, wrapped like a caterpillar in a cocoon. She snuggles up next to me. "Who is she?" she stares at me with her sparkling brown doe eyes. "She was my little sister." There will be more...eventually. so if you like it hold tight the rest is on the way. (If you read the first version they are exactly the same just split into two chapters.) please comment, follow, or favorite.