"I know... I know..." I close my eyes and just let her hold me. "You are good at hunting... I know you are," tears are coming down her face and she can hardly speak. "What your mother is trying to say is come home... Win and outsmart them all. We know you can do it and we will always be cheering for you no matter what," my dad brings me into a bear hug and the tears just start pouring out. The peacekeepers come and collect my parents and I am in the room alone once again, but not for long, the baker comes in and he is just standing there. He doesn't say anything but he wants to, he smiles at me and then hands me something, I nod and leaves the room. The tears aren't gone but they are starting to stop when the peacekeepers come to get me, where we're going is probably the train but you never know with the Capitol. I was right they take both of us, the boy and me to the train, he's still crying and the only thought going through my head is cry baby for some reason. I'm not without fault either the redness on my face shows that but at least I have enough sense to not cry in front of the cameras. We both turn around before we enter the train and I wave with a smile, like I know that I will see these people again. The doors shut and I fall to the floor, I want my dad, I want the security of his hand in mine but that is not going to happen and I can't process that. I hear the boy's voice beside me and then I feel hands on my sides trying to pull me up, I turn to him and look at him. He was trying to help me and we weren't even friends. "What are you doing?" I said. "You need to get up... Siting there won't bring them back," he said. "I know! I know..." I said as I start getting up. "You're not okay either?" He said. "No... Not really," I laugh out. "I'm Septimus Galloway," he said putting his hand out for me to shake it. "Is that even a real name?" I make light of situation. "Yeah... Now that I know it's not really cool I tend to not like my parents that much." He talks with his hands... annoyingly so. "Ah... Well I'm Primrose Hawthorne." I take the hand that is still out for me. "I know who you are," he smiles. "Yeah don't do that..." I shake my head and walk over to the seats. "We aren't enemies you know," he laughs out. "We are not friends either. You and I are going to be put into an arena with 22 other people, we are going to have to fight for our life's and one of us might die… more than likely both of us. So no, we aren't enemies but we are rivals," I look away from him. "I understand where you are coming from but let's think about it logically now… You are not even an obstacle for me now are you? You are smaller in size, weaker when it comes to muscle mass and just over all nothing compared to me… Are we really rivals or are you just trying to make it seem like you have a chance?" He laughed. "That sounds about right… I'm not anything compared to you physically but mentally… Where are you going to be if the sponsors like me more? I have a leg on you, my mother was a victor and they loved her what makes you think you have anything on me? You are a small boy from The Seam and I'm a victor's daughter… A beloved victor's daughter, one that was name after the very sister she kept from the games? Sweetheart if you think I won't use that than you are way off base with me," I gave him one of the best evil grins that I could. He cautiously watched me while I picked up a piece of what looked like bread and ate it. He was thinking that I was just going to lie down and accept the immediate death that could be upon both of us, boy was he wrong, I am not that person. I am weak in his eyes, okay I can play on that. I can be weak and I can be timid so that there are people who feel bad for me, so there are people that want to help me out in every way shape and form. I don't think he understood what he just did. We were both eating in small doses, I have always had enough food to eat so seeing him holding back was funny, he should be eating, gaining enough strength to at least take some of the careers out but looking at him, he is so focused on me and that is a major problem for him. Effie comes in and looks at me, I'm done crying and I have no more redness in my face, she smiles but like the one when she noticed who I was it is a sad smile. I give her one back and she looks to the boy, he has a crap ton of food left on his face and a lot on his hands. She rolls her eyes. "Katniss could not mentor you both because it is stated in the rules that a victor cannot mentor their own child. So they have given you both a mentor from another district… Lyme Athetna from District 2 will be your mentor Primrose and Rellion Truth from District 6 will be your mentor Septimus," as she said their names both of the mentors came in. "Well hello you two," Lyme looked at me first and then to Septimus. "Hello," Rellion said with a hallow voice.