chain." Peeta ignored his brother and went to the bar, sliding onto a stool. When the bartender approached, he pointed to the tequila. "Double shot." Glimmer sidled up next to him, rubbing her breasts against his back. "So, you haven't had sex in three years?" He gulped down the shot, welcoming the fiery burn. "Nope," he said, motioning for another shot. "That's an awfully long time to go without," she said, trailing her nails lightly along the back of his neck. He swallowed the second shot and turned to look at her. "What exactly do you want from me, Glimmer?" The alcohol burned in his stomach, reminding him that he hadn't eaten when he'd gotten home from work. A slow, sultry smile curved her lips. "I don't know, what do you want?" He leaned back against the bar. "Right now I think I want another shot." He was pissed and hurt and tired of being jerked around by Katniss. Staring up at the blond, he could feel the alcohol pulsing in his bloodstream, taking away all of the pain and the guilt and leaving nothing behind but the need to feel… something. She smirked and leaned closer, stepping into his space so that she stood right between his legs. "I could go for one of those too." Peeta glanced over his shoulder. "Two more." Peeta woke up slowly, the sun painting patterns across his face. His head was pounding and he felt like the entire Sahara had deposited itself in his mouth sometime last night. Groaning, he sat up, eyes widening when he heard a soft snore coming from the other side of the bed. Lifting up the covers, he closed his eyes as he gazed down at his naked body. What the fuck had he done last night? He turned to look at the nightstand and his stomach clenched at the box of condoms sitting on it, top open and torn like he'd done it in a big hurry. Fuck me! He'd slept with Glimmer last night. He'd let the alcohol and Katniss' ultimatum get to him. His conscience prickled and he carefully got out of bed, reaching for the jeans lying on the floor next to his bed. Sliding them on, he tiptoed out of the bedroom and made his way slowly downstairs. He walked into the kitchen and started the coffee pot, his head pounding. That's it then, they were over. She'd all but told him she was done unless he went to South America to be with her. He was a free man, able to do and fuck whomever and whatever he wanted. Reaching for a mug, he watched impatiently as the carafe slowly filled before filling a cup and bringing the steaming mug to his lips. "That smells good." He burned his tongue and quickly set the cup down, cursing as he spun around to stare at her. "What?" She was wearing one of his t-shirts and the irrational part of his brain thought that it didn't look nearly as good on her as it had on Katniss. She walked over to him and wrapped her fingers around the mug. "I said," she said, looking at him over the rim of the cup, "that smells good." She took a delicate sip and set it back down. "You can have it." "Thanks," she said, leaning against the counter to stare at him. "This is the first time you've done anything like this, isn't it?" He swallowed hard, feeling the telltale burn of a blush creep over his cheeks. "Um..." He sighed deeply. "That obvious, is it?" Glimmer laughed. "Oh Peeta, if you weren't so damned cute, I think I'd have to hate you. We had sex; it's not that big of deal." "It's not?" he stammered, frowning at her. "It was fun, but it's not like I want to move in here and marry you or anything. I'm totally not ready to settle down and I don't really think you are either, at least not with me." He chuckled. "No, I'm not ready to get married." "Unless Katniss comes back?" His cheeks burned hotter. "Um, I don't know. We had a huge fight last night and …" Glimmer laughed. "So you fucked me to try to forget her. Didn't work, did it?" "No," he said honestly. "And it won't, but if you want to try to forget again, you know where to find me, okay?" She leaned closer and gave him a soft peck on the cheek. "You've gotten a lot better since high school," she whispered before spinning around and walking slowly back out of the kitchen. Peeta sagged back against the counter, shaking his head. That certainly hadn't been what he'd expected. Peeta closed the door to the bakery and locked it, glancing at the clock. Seven o'clock, two hours past normal closing time and he was beat. They'd sold out of everything he'd made today and he had orders for more first thing in the morning, but the new guy would be here in a few hours to take care of those. He pulled out his phone and sighed. No emails, texts or missed calls. This was really it then, they were done. Taking a deep breath, he scrolled through his contacts, dialing before he could think better of it. "Hello?" "Hey, it's me, Peeta. I know its last minute and all but I just closed up and I was wondering if maybe you'd like to help me forget again?" Sultry laughter filled the tiny speaker. "I'd love to; you bring the condoms and something chocolate." He chuckled. "I think I can handle that, see you in about an hour." "Don't be late." "I won't," he said, ending the call and shoving his phone into his pocket. He steadfastly ignored the twinge in his chest and went out to his truck, putting all thoughts of Katniss and their mess out of his head. She'd broken up with him, not the other way around.