arena ticks off another hour (staggers in weariness after the forcefield, flinches away from Finnick's gaze after Mags walks into the fog, trembles in Katniss's arms after walking the morphling out to sea so her body can be taken; Katniss remembers Rue, and she holds him tightly, touches him often, stays as near him as she can). (She wants to protect him, wants to save him, and she always does this: focuses on keeping his heart beating and his lungs working and his eyes alert, and forgets that Peeta does not care about the blood in his veins. Peeta only cares about the colors of the sky and the shimmer of a butterfly's wings and the poetry of friendship. She is fixated on the physical, the necessary, the crucial; Peeta is entranced by the abstract, the ephemeral, the beautiful. She told him once that it was a weakness, but after the war is over, when she is a husk rotting away in her kitchen and he is a strong survivor planting bushes in her sister's honor, she thinks she was very, very wrong.) "No one really needs me," he tells her, and Katniss can still taste the bread on her tongue (hearty with nuts and raisins and kindness, not bitter with salt and seawater and money with strings attached). "I need you," she tells him (and in that moment knows only that it is the truth; later, only later, will she realize that she is a creature of needs, and it means something, means everything , that Peeta is one of hers, on a short list that includes food and air and forest and him ). He protests (he always does; he never sees it, never comprehends that he is anything but expendable). The locket is tangled up in her hands and Gale's picture looks out to the Cornucopia with its necessities, and Katniss is supposed to be on watch, but her eyes are closed and her bow is on the sand behind her and her hands are tangled up in Peeta's hair, and she does not care. She kisses her boy with the bread, and breathes in that slightest hint of cinnamon (almost, but not quite, buried beneath salt and sweat and blood and bark), and finds that she is not close enough. She climbs onto his lap and feels his hands sear burning paths across her skin and she swallows up all his beautiful, stupid words, folds them up into her skin, beneath her flesh, winding through her muscles, strengthening and invigorating her. (He shows her pictures of her family and tells her she has to go back to them, and all she can do is cling to him, so tightly even Prim is forgotten and Gale means nothing and this arena is where she will finally stop being a survivor . He gives her everything and sacrifices all and expects nothing, and how could she ever survive when someone so good dies so undeservedly? No, he will live, he must live; it is the only way she will believe there is anything worthwhile at all about this cruel, uncaring world.) Their sponsors send them bread, the sea is alive with food, and yet with his hands setting her on fire and his mouth painting beauty into her skin, Katniss is hungry. Starving. She opens her mouth to Peeta's and lets him fill her up (as he has always done, as he will always do), and for the first time, finds that it is not enough. She needs more. She craves more. She wants more. Then lightning strikes (she should have recognized it, should have let it strike an epiphany in her heart, should have never let him go through the next day, the next months, without knowing she loves him, she loves him, she loves him and she needs him and why does no one understand this? ) and Peeta escorts her to bed (but does not stay, already drawing away, already trying to let her slip away from him), and that strange hunger leads her to dream of a baby with Peeta's blond hair and sparkling laughter. Of a world where safety is not a dream and a future is not an uncertainty. She takes his pearl and dashes his hopes, and she was his enemy in the first Games because she thought she would have to kill him, and she is his enemy now because she wants to save him, and it is a strange and funny world they live in, because all the tributes were aiding her in trying to kill him last time, and now they are all aiding her in trying to save him, and all she can think of is the bread they carry with them. Then she hears Peeta scream, and she sets the arena on fire, and Peeta burns. The sponsors sent her bread. They sent it over and over and over again, and she thought they were telling her that Peeta would survive, that he would live, that she would get to believe in one good thing lasting after her death. But all they were doing was trying to fill her up on bread before it was ruined forever. All they were doing was trying to assuage their guilt. (They weren't trying to save Peeta because he is good and perfect and better than them all. They were only trying to save him to keep her cooperative, and if that is not injustice, she does not know what is.) She hates them all. She despises them. She wants to kill them (and nearly succeeds with Haymitch). She hates herself (her fire raged once more, and once more, Peeta is the one who ended up burned). She despises herself (her dying wish, come to nothing). She wants to die. By the time Gale tells her District 12 is as lost as Peeta, she is beyond caring. She is starving, she is so hungry, and there is no more bread.