when you hunt. That's got to count for something." Gale rolls over until he's on top of Madge and plants kisses down from her forehead to her collarbone. "You saved my life, Madge." he coos into her neck, "I love you for that." ... "Gale, you need to get out," Madge breathes, latching her hands behind Gale's neck. She couldn't ever live with herself if she didn't tell him. That's why she snuck out, even when her Father specifically told her not to. That's why she ran to the Seam, even though she and Gale had gotten into a fight. "I don't know what's going to happen, but it's something big, and it's going to happen tonight. You need to get everyone you can and go to the meadow. Can you do that for me?" "What about you?" Gale says, snaking his left arm around Madge's waist and using his right to push back the same damned piece of hair that never stays behind her ear. "I'll meet you there," Madge says hesitantly, "I promise." "I'll only do it if you let me make sure you're safe first," Gale says, searching Madge's eyes for a deeper explanation. "You've already saved me, Gale." Madge smiles while a silent tear falls down her cheek, "Go be a hero, now. I'll see you later." She leans forward and presses her most passionate kiss on Gale's lips. Gale reaches for the door handle for stability, but settles for resting his hands on Madge's hips instead. Kissing Madge was so natural now for Gale, he forgot the first few awkward kisses that he had to steal. "Be careful, okay?" Gale says as he watches Madge run away in the direction of the town. ... Gale holds up the fence for his youngest brother and scoots him under the fence. He can already see the smoke in the far edge of the district rising, and he knows exactly what the next target will be. "Rory, take everyone to the meadow. I've got to get someone." "Okay," Rory says hesitantly, latching onto a terrified Prim's hand who's trying her best not to cry. "Hurry back." Gale jog breaks into a full sprint when he notices the dirt road turning into paved sidewalk. Shouldn't Madge have left already? Shouldn't they have run into each other by now? He runs up to the door and bangs on it with both fists, but there's no answer. She must have already left for the meadow. Gale turns away from his house and just when he gets five feet away, he notices the same sound he'd heard a few short months ago. A distinguishable sound now, maybe even one that was all too familiar; Piano. Just as he is about to rush back toward the door, the explosion throws him backwards. ... "I just can't live with myself knowing they have her there," Finnick says, wringing the rope in his hands, obsessively twisting and tying the same knots over and over. "I should've never left her. I should've gotten someone to look after her." "I left a girl at home too," Gale says, downing another round of drinks that Finnick hasn't even touched yet. Seven to be exact. "My real home. District Twelve." "I've never heard you talk about her," Finnick says, suddenly intrigued by the turn in conversation. "What was she like?" "Don't make me talk about her," Gale pleads, "It's all my fault she's gone. I was supposed to save her." "It helps to talk about it, Gale." Finnick says. Gale chews his lip and allows a long pause in the conversation. He's never talked about Madge to anyone. He's never told anyone about how she was the one who told him. How she's the real hero. "You loved her," Finnick adds, studying Gale's facial expression intently. "I can tell. I've seen that look on Mellark. Distressed. Regretful..." "Fuck off, Odair." Finnick shrugs his shoulders before going back to his rope. "I actually thought she hated me," Gale says, laughing lightly as tears peak at the corner of his drunken eyes. "Do you believe that? But she didn't of course." Interested again, Finnick sits up straighter in his seat. "Brunette, huh?" "Blonde." Gale replies, "Shiny hair and blue eyes. Ain't got nothin' like that here. Even if we did it wouldn't compare to her." Finnick nods as if he's picturing Madge in his own mind. Gale decides there's no way anyone Finnick could imagine would come close to her, though. "She played piano," Gale says, "Damn good at it too. I'd sit outside her door and listen sometimes. She even caught me once." "She saved my life," Gale continues to a nodding Finnick, "I've got the scars on my back to prove it. Woulda been gone off this earth if she didn't bring me that morphling." "Morphling in District Twelve?" Finnick questions. "She was the Mayor's daughter, Idiot." Gale says, "She hated that, though. I'm sure of it." Finnick nods again, and trots his fingers on the countertop to fill the silence that comes with Gale's thinking. "It hurts so damn bad," Gale chokes, the tears helplessly falling now. "It was my job to protect her and I didn't. I left her all alone when she needed me most. I should've..." Gale's voice trails off and his body is racked with sobs. Although it's partially an effect of the alcohol, he's never felt so vulnerable. "It wasn't your fault. None of it was your fault." Finnick says, "You can let her go, Gale. She won't be mad at you." "I doubt it," Gale whispers to himself, smiling at the thought of Madge yelling at him for letting things go. Finally, he takes a deep breath and lets his hand find the crook of his neck again. "Goodbye, Madge." He stammers, his hand running through his hair. "I'll always love you." And at that exact moment, Gale could've sworn that he heard just the faintest sound in the background noise: Piano.