drink until those eyes disappeared from his vision, just as he did all those years ago. And for one moment, he allowed himself to forget his mask—the role he had to play as impeccably as possible so all the plans will not go to waste. He allowed himself one moment to truly feel his hatred. For the Capitol. For the soldiers. For his parents. For himself. "How despicable we must seem to you." Cinna didn't want her to shoot him. It was all going as planned. The associates from District 12 were able to place both Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark in the Games. Sure, it was Prim whose name was drawn, but that was just part of it. Wouldn't it be too suspicious if it was Katniss' name in that piece of paper? They were sure that the girl would sacrifice herself for her younger sister anyway. Haymitch was able to encourage the boy to use a romantic angle as his primary strategy. Plutarch was able to push enough sponsors to keep the two alive. And they were right—of course the Capitol would fall for this bait. There was only one more factor. One more gamble. Would Katniss be able to get both her and Peeta out alive? Cinna knew everyone else was hoping, but he knew they didn't feel the way he felt. Because he wasn't just rooting for her so the plan will be completed. Katniss' decision symbolized something else for him. It symbolized what-could've-been. What they could've been. Peeta would not be Katniss' sacrifice—her collateral damage. He trusted her not to repeat his mistakes, and hers. ' I'm betting on you, fire girl.' You came thoughtfully, loved me faithfully You took my hand, added a plan "Was it always this heavy?" "I had to make some slight alterations because of the lighting," he lied smoothly. It didn't make sense to her, that much he knows. After tonight, everything will make sense. To Katniss, to the Capitol, to the Districts, to her . "Now, Katniss, because this bodice is so fitted, I don't want you raising your arms above your head. Well, not until you twirl, anyway." "Will I be twirling again?" she asked, unknowing and unsuspecting. "I'm sure Caesar will ask you," he replied with a smile. "And if he doesn't, you suggest it yourself. Only not right away. Save it for your big finale." And a big finale, it most certainly would be. You gave it all, gave into the call You took a chance and you took a fall for us "Why." It was not a question. The tone was empty, the voice deadly soft. The voice was the one he'd been waiting to hear, and now it was so close that his heartbeat stuttered and the hair on his nape rose. "Johanna," he said just as softly. "It didn't have to be this way," she said after a few moments. She shook her head and tears came flying off. "So why." "Because." It wasn't an answer. It would never be enough of an answer, of an end, of a goodbye. Now, Johanna had no one. But whatever it was that they were had become his sacrifice. "Because winners always have collateral damage." Now I am strong You taught me honor, you did it for me "My dress was fantastic last night," Katniss said, eyes alight with understanding. 'Fantastic and reckless,' Cinna knew. "I thought you might like it," he answered with a tight smile. If he wasn't smiling, he would be doing something else. Maybe trembling, maybe punching walls, maybe crying. And he didn't want her to see that. Cinna couldn't let her see that. He sat beside her, holding her hand, letting her think that he was there for her and not her for him. Even as he walked her to her launch pad, he didn't let go of her hand. "Remember, girl on fire," he said with all the strength he could muster, with all of him that had come that far. "I'm still betting on you." He kissed her forehead, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. Moss, evergreen, life which will not die. He stepped back as the glass barriers rose around her. He hoped that it would only separate them physically, that he can stay with her. "Thank you," she mouthed. In his head, he thanked her back. Johanna Mason gave him his first chance, and he took it. Katniss Everdeen gave him another chance. The last. The metal plate didn't rise. He was afraid. He knew. There was not an announcement, not a single hint of any threat. But he knew. ' Today is the day I die.' It could be said that Cinna died, if he'd ever lived. If he hadn't only existed to be another pawn of the Capitol. If he'd ever become a person who had a soul. And he had. Because he didn't want to die without really living. When the door behind him burst open and three Peacekeepers sprang into the room, he knew with mixed despair and relief that his part was done. When they pinned his arms behind him and cuffed him, he wished that Katniss would know why he did what he did and how it would all be in vain if she didn't win, not against the other Victors, but win against the real enemy. When they hit him in the temple with such force that he's knocked to his knees, he tried not to see the horror in her face and tried to picture a hopeful smile in its place, knowing that it would someday come to reality. When the pain started to kick in and fill erase almost all conscious thought, he spared one. His last one. ' Fire will never die .' My love, you have found peace Tonight you will sleep for good You gave all you had and now I am home Leave yourself behind Beat inside me; I'll be with you