that guy from district 2 to like her." He said, casting a mocking glance at the girl. She picked up her fork and launched it at him. He dodged easily and stuck his tongue out at her. "Just wait till we're in the arena, Thorne, I'll make your life suck big time, starting with her" She warned, casting a glance at me that sent chills up my spine. "Leave her alone, Ariel, this is between you and me" He warned, stepping in front of me and guarding me from her. I shuddered as she backed off. "Come on, Mina, I'm starved." He said, guiding me over to where the food was prepared. I filled my plate and sat down across from Ariel. She shot daggers from her eyes at Arius before starting on her own meal. We ate in silence before heading down to training. Chapter 20 Clover "Well, my dear Clover, I'd love to sponsor Mina." A young woman with odd red skin and blue hair chirped in her capitol accent. She handed me a small booklet of papers with all her information in it about what she would be willing to give Mina in the arena. I smiled and extended my hand. "Thank you, Miss Dwight, I'm sure Mina will be very pleased to receive these items in the arena" I said, curtsying. She smiled at me before walking back to her group of friends. I myself was surrounded by people, all of whom were eager to sponsor Mina. "Thank you, Thank you, you're too kind" I said, curtsying to many people who handed me similar booklets full of papers with information of what Mina would have in the arena. Once everyone was gone, I organized the papers and put them into my stylish handbag. A perk of being a mentor was that we could buy whatever we wanted. I walked towards the training center, arms and bag loaded with papers. When Connor saw me, he rushed out the door to help. "Here let me take those" He said, taking the papers out of my hands. "Thanks" I said, feeling grateful that I wouldn't have to do this alone. He smiled warmly. "Lets go through all these and put them into the computer so that they'll be ready for whenever Mina and Donathan need them." He said. I followed him into the control room and sat down at one of the computers that was marked with a 12 on it in bold lettering. We took turns entering the items into the computer and soon all of them were ready to go. "Now we just have to wait until the interview for more people to come and sponsor them." He said. I nodded. "Mina, where have you been? I was worried sick" I said as Mina came out of the elevator. "Sorry Clover, I was chatting with one of my friends and I must have fallen asleep" She said. I nodded. "Please don't do that again" I said. She nodded. "Did you have fun at least?" I asked. She nodded and her face lit up. "Good" I said. "You're going to be late for training, get going" I said. She nodded and went back down the elevator. Chapter 21 Mina I took the elevator down to training and was greeted by Arius. He smiled and hugged me. "Come on, let's go train." He said, leading me towards the shelter building station. We constructed a fairly decent shelter in record time with both of us working together. "We make a good team" I said. He nodded. "Lets go for a run around the track" I suggested. "Good idea, let's find Mia and Evie too" He said. I nodded and waited while he went to find the two girls. I looked around the training center and my eyes came to rest on Ariel. The redhead girl was practicing with a trident and flirting with one of the guys in her pack. She looked over and smirked meanly at me. I met her light green gaze and returned the look. She narrowed her eyes and turned away from me. Before long, Arius was back with Evie and Mia walking behind him. I smiled at them and we began a mile run on the track. Mia soon outpaced all of us and we were left panting for breath. She turned back and ran to us. "You're fast" I panted. She smiled. "Okay, enough running, lets get something to eat" Evie said. I nodded in agreement and we went back inside for something to eat. "Mina, can I talk to you for a minute" Arius asked. I nodded and walked over to him. "I'm worried that you're not going to live through the blood bath" He said. I felt slightly taken aback by his comment. "I can take care of myself." I said. He put his hands up in a peace sign. "I know you can, I'm just thinking that if it comes down to a fight, you might not last through it." He said soothingly. I nodded. "Why do you think I plan on getting the heck out of there as soon as I can" I said. He smiled. "That's what I thought." He said. I smiled and he took my hand. I blushed slightly but let him keep my hand. "Come on, lets go join the others." He said. I nodded. Arius and I quickly became very close. He was sweet and charming and slightly walked together into training to see Mia and Evie waiting for us. "We were wondering where you were" Mia said. I smiled at her. "What shall we do today?" I asked. She shrugged. "We could try using some weapons. I've been meaning to learn how to use harpoons" Arius said. I nodded and followed him over to the harpoon station. [b][u] Chapter 22 Clover[/b][/u] I looked around, trying to decide what I should do while waiting for Connor to get back from a consultation with his stylist.