with her demons, in and out of facilities, missing birthdays and school functions, even Madge's high school graduation. That's nothing Gale needs to know, though, not at the moment. "I'm sorry." She shrugs, "I just don't want to put another family through a death if I can keep it from happening." Even if it makes everyone think she's a circus freak. He stays quiet for the rest of the ride. A few times she thinks he might've passed out, but he's just sitting, his arm across her back, watching the road slowly move ahead of them. When they finally pull up to she and Katniss' apartment, Madge lets out a sigh of relief. She almost gets out and kisses the ground, she's that happy. Gale and Peeta heave the now loudly snoring Katniss from the bed of the truck and carry her up the steep steps to the apartment. When they get inside, Peeta carries his girlfriend into her room and kicks the door shut. Gale flops into the sofa and stretches out. Madge frowns, "What are you doing?" He gives her an incredibly serious stare, "I've been drinking. I can't drive." So he's staying here. Damn him, using her issues against her. "Fine." She reaches into the closet, pulls down the most horrible, pinkest, fuzziest blanket they own, and tosses it to him. "I'm giving you a wake-up call with 'Wrecking Ball', though, just so you know." His eyes narrow, "Don't you dare." Madge smirks. She would dare. All she had to do was download it. Gale unties the knot on his toga, pulls it off and tosses it at her. She ducks it and just catches a glimpse of his Iron Man boxers before he covers himself with the too short blanket. Great, now the only thing between her microfiber sofa and his nakedness was Tony Stark. She makes a face at that thought and starts to walk away. "Hey Madge?" Turning, she finds him leaning over the back of the sofa, watching her, his expression is a little guarded. "Yeah?" Make it quick, she nearly says, it's almost two in the morning. She wants to go to bed. "What is your favorite scary movie?" Her nose wrinkles. Why does he want to know? Telling him is definitely a bad idea. "Why?" He shrugs, "I dunno, I thought, maybe, you know, we could pull it up sometime. Watch it together…" She still doesn't quite understand, "Why?" Gale lets out a groan, "As a date." It takes a second for her to process what he's saying. He wants a date, with her, watching a scary movie. She's having some weird dream. That's the only explanation for what she's hearing. "You don't even like me." "Of course I do! Why would I want to go on a date with you if I didn't like you?" "Because you're drunk." He wasn't falling down drunk, but he was still clearly inebriated. He wouldn't be asking her on a date otherwise. In the morning he'd be back to grunting at her. Gale throws himself back in the sofa in frustration, making a strangled noise and covering his face. His voice comes out muffled, "I'm not drunk!" He rolls off the sofa, stomps over to her. She backs up, uncertain what he's going to do. Then his hands are cupping her face, much more gently than she expects, and he kisses her. The beer is still there, stale, but weaker, his lips are chapped, a little eager, and the scruff of his stubble is irritating against her skin. He eases her back until she bumps into the wall, then his body, tall and lean and in nothing but boxers is against hers. Rough hands ghost up her waist, just under her hoodie. He makes a needful noise in the back of his throat, groans, before finally breaking the kiss, resting his forehead against hers. "I'm not drunk. I like you. Do you want to go on a date?" She's still trying to catch her breath, but manages to get a question out, "Why do you like me all of a sudden?" He sighs, "I've always like you." She rolls her eyes, he had a funny way of showing it. "I just, back in school you were you and so perfect and I was me, and kind of a loser, no one even thought I'd get into college…" He traces her cheeks with his thumbs. "What's it that Mellark calls it, a defense mechanism? I knew I couldn't have you, I wasn't good enough, so I just kinda…" "Treated me like dog food?" He makes a face, "It wasn't that bad, was it?" Maybe not, but it felt like it when she was younger. "What's different now?" A little smile sneaks onto his face, "I just got an internship. They called me today, told me I was in." His smile bursts full force, "I'm not a loser after all." Madge's cheeks hurt and she realizes she's smiling, beaming at him. "Gale, you were never a loser." How could he ever have thought that? "That's great though!" He pulls her into a hug, buries his face in her hair. Her bubble is nonexistent at this point. Still, it's a little awkward, he's practically naked and her arms are pinned to her sides. She supposes it could be worse, her hands could be trapped in front of her. She feels his hot breath on her scalp, hears him swallow thickly, "So…how about it?" He pulls back, "Date?" Madge makes a thoughtful face, "How about 'The Exorcist'?" He makes a face. "Does my choice scare you?" Gale chuckles, "Your driving scares me. Your movie choice makes me a little concerned." Madge snorts, "Too late to back out now." He leans in, kisses her again, more gently, "Wouldn't dream of it." Maybe she wouldn't kill Katniss and Peeta after all. They still owed her one, though, maybe she'd make them explain to her parents what happened to her car.