up and nearly drowned in the deep blue of his eyes, memories flooding her. The first time she'd stared up into his eyes like that had been fifteen years ago and they'd been on the back deck of Madge Undersee's house, awkwardly attempting conversation. Gale had forced her to come, since it was the last party of the year before everyone scattered for college or work and he knew it was now or never with her and Peeta. "So," Peeta said, rubbing absently at the back of his neck, his adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed hard. "You going away to college?" Katniss shook her head, wishing for the millionth time that night that she'd just left her hair in its usual braid instead of letting Madge talk her into leaving it loose and curled softly. "No, I'm going to work." Peeta frowned down at her. "You were valedictorian, Katniss, surely you got scholarships?" Her cheeks heated and she took a deep swallow of the cup Gale'd pressed into her hands as she'd come outside. It burned going down and she nearly choked but the fire spread soothing fingers through her midsection, easing some of the aching agony that his words had inadvertently wrought. "I have to stay here, with Prim," she mumbled before taking another drink. "Oh," he said. "I uh, yeah. I forgot that you're both living with Mr. Abernathy. Is he your relative or something?" She nodded, wishing that a hole would open up and swallow her so she didn't have to talk about this, especially with him. "He was my dad's best friend, and listed as our guardian if anything… anything happened to our parents." "So, you could still go to school, right? I mean, she's got someone to look out for her." "No, I'm her family, it's my job," she said vehemently. "But-" "You don't know anything," she hissed, anger finally getting the better of her. "What the hell do you know about me at all? I mean really, all you've done is stare at me for the last twelve fucking years; do you think that gives you the right to question my decisions? Fuck you, Peeta Mellark. Fuck you and your perfect life!" Katniss spun on her heel and stomped away from him, tossing the red solo cup off the edge of the deck. Anger speared through her, coating everything with a thick, red haze and she pushed her way through the crowded living room, uncaring of the insults and complaints that were tossed her way as she fought her way to the door. She began running as soon as she cleared the door, legs eating up the road as she tried to put as much distance between herself and the stupid party that she knew she hadn't belonged at. "Katniss?" She blinked and was suddenly back in the dark garage, standing in the small circle of light that the flashlight threw off. "Sorry," she muttered. "It's been a really long day." She reached for one of her bags, their fingers brushing. Heat speared through her at his touch and she stepped back, inhaling sharply. Peeta nodded, pointing the light towards the door and a short flight of steps, ignoring the way she moved away from him, glossing over it like he did with everything else that confused him about her, not acknowledging it made it not exist, right? "I've got some venison chili inside. You're probably freezing," he said softly. "Thanks," she said, curling her fingers around the handle of the bag he'd set at her feet. "That sounds really good right now. I haven't had venison in forever." "Yeah, I'm sure it's not really on the menu much in New York City, is it?" Her head jerked up and she stared at him with narrowed eyes. How the fuck had he known she'd been living in New York City? He flushed a dull red and shook his head, turning towards the door. "C'mon, before we catch cold." She watched him walk up the short stairs, turning back on the top one to make sure she was following. Their eyes locked once more. This conversation wasn't over, not by a long shot. He knew a hell of a lot more than he should have, for someone she'd excised out of her life five years ago. She lifted the bag and followed him up the steps and into the warm confines of a cozy kitchen filled with whitewashed pine cupboards and gleaming silver appliances. "Laundry room is just off to the left, along with a bathroom," he said, jerking his head at a darkened alcove. "I've done some remodeling, so things are a bit different. You can leave your wet things in there. I need to run down to the basement and start up the generator so we can have hot water and some light." He set her suitcase in the middle of the floor and handed the flashlight to her before disappearing into the dark. She heard a door creak open and then heavy footsteps thudding down wooden stairs. The generator kicked on with a throaty roar and Peeta ran back upstairs, flipping on the light to the kitchen. Katniss squinted in the suddenly bright light; acutely conscious of how ridiculous she must look right at this moment. Her hair was soaked, every article of clothing on her body was wet and she could hear the dripping sound her jeans were making on the tile floor. "I'm gonna go dry off," she mumbled, turning towards the doorway he'd motioned to before he'd gone downstairs. "Take a shower, there should be plenty of hot water, I haven't been home all day," he said softly, "and the power's only been off for about a half hour or so." "I'm going to go change and then get the chili heated up." Katniss nodded without turning around, her stomach churning with anxiety. She couldn't believe she was in his house, about to get naked – again .