firm, like he used with his brothers and sister when they were younger. "You're going to mess up your wrist." Angry tears are leaking out her eyes, but she stops and stares at him. "Gale, I don't want it. I didn't want it." He studies her for a long moment, brushing the tears from her cheeks with his thumbs, before pressing a kiss to her lips. "I know," he murmurs into her mouth. "You were hurting." He sighs, "I couldn't just sit here and watch you hurt. Could you do that if it were me?" She studies the IV in her hand, listens to the machine whirl and push whatever fluid they'd decided she needed into her. Of course she hadn't been able to even just know he was in pain. After his whipping she'd begged her mother, cried, sobbed, to her to let Madge take some of her precious morphling to Gale. The man who'd just barely acknowledged her since Katniss' return. She'd run through a bitter snow storm, caught a cold, just to ease her mind that he wouldn't die from pain alone. He taps her knee, "Madge." She looks up, through puffy eyes, and sees him tracing the lines of the hospital blanket on her thigh. "You couldn't do it, and neither could I." It's vague. He isn't looking at her, so she doesn't quite know how he means it. "I know about the morphling, Madge." Her previously racing heart comes to an abrupt stop. She watches him warily, even after all this time she still sometimes thinks he might want to pick a fight, for old time's sake. "Oh," is all she can manage. When he finally meets her eyes he doesn't look angry, not like she expected. He just sighs again. "Why didn't you tell me?" All she can do is shrug a little. She hadn't told anyone not to tell him. It wasn't as though she'd meant it as some clandestine operation. But no one, not Katniss, not Peeta, not either of the Everdeens, not even Mr. Abernathy had told him. Maybe they knew he'd spend the rest of his life trying to repay her and didn't want to add to his burden. He'd been somewhat shunned after the whipping and his poor mother had a difficult time finding work. He wouldn't have wanted her charity no matter how badly he needed it, and she didn't want a debt for him to pay. "Who told you?" She finally asks. "My mother, when I got here. When I was worried about upsetting you by letting them drug you up." How his mother knew and why she'd kept it from him, Madge can only imagine. "I'm sorry," Madge mutters, running her free hand over her eyes. "We weren't-not really-not really friends, Gale. I couldn't let you suffer." He looks at her, his grey eyes are hard, thinking. She finally closes hers, he's too intense for her frayed nerves at the moment. The bed shifts, she just knows he's getting up, leaving her. She should have told him, but when was the opportunity? How do you bring something like that up? She certainly doesn't know. Then his lips are on hers. It's sloppy, she's been fighting off a full blown fit of sobs for nearly half an hour, she has too much saliva, but Gale seems oblivious. His tongue runs along her lip, trying to urge it open, but she hasn't brushed her teeth since the previous morning and the boys had made her eat some horribly greasy food on a stick at the lake and she must have the most horrible case of morning breath imaginab- His hand, a little cold from the hospital air, runs up the back of her very open gown, and she gasps, finally giving him what he wanted. "Gale!" She pushes him back. Anyone could walk in. "You-Keep your hands where I can see them." He grins at her, a little boy with his hand in the cookie jar grin. It suddenly dawns on her. She frowns at him, "You aren't mad?" "A little, I mean, they say hospital gowns aren't sexy, but-" Madge rolls her eyes at him as he adjust the neckline of her gown, it's dangerously low on her left. Gale sits back, his hand rests on her lower leg, gives it a squeeze. "I'm not mad. You're right, we weren't friends. You should've let me suffer. I know why you didn't though." He leans forward and presses another kiss to her forehead, "It's the same reason you're going to take that crap if you're hurting, okay?" "Gale, I don't," she bites her lip. "I don't-you remember my mother? I don't want to turn out like her." He groans, "You aren't going to go home with it. It's just for while you're here, okay? You aren't your mother, this isn't long term. You need it because my idiot brothers took you skating and didn't watch out for you." That isn't fair, really. She could've fallen whether Rory and Vick were there anyways, but Gale rolls his eyes at that and mutters that they're still idiots. She won't be like her mother, Gale won't let her. He would save her as well as comfort her, which she appreciates. The conversation about the morphling isn't over, she knows that. But it won't be as volatile as she'd always imagined. He understands why she did it, and that helps. Madge fidgets in the bed and realizes not only are her clothes gone, so are her undergarments. "Gale?" She begins cautiously. "Where are my clothes?" And just as importantly who took them off of me? A small grin creeps up his face, "I don't know. But it doesn't matter, you have to wear the hospital gown until they put on the cast." He'd better hope he's lying. She hits him with one of her pillows. No, Madge thinks, she definitely isn't letting the Hawthornes talk her into any more 'fun' ever again.