State that only time. He knew that things were not easy with a nurse salary earned by Katniss' mum , so he paid Katniss quite a lot more that it was necessary. Of course he didn't say a word about this to Katniss; she was just as stubborn as her dad. 'Hey Sweetheart' Haymitch greeted her behind the counter. Katniss waved and went directly to the changing room in the back. She put on her 'Abernathy SportShop' polo shirt and went to the main room. A box with socks was waiting for her to be stocked. 'Put this in the the shell and then go to the warehouse to find the new t-shirts for the Panthers' he said, looking for something behind the counter. Katniss, nodded and began to stock the socks in the shell. The bell in the door rang and Haymitch greeted a group of people wearing the blue and white colours of the Panthers. Madge Undersee was in Gale's back with her arms around his neck and her legs hanging from the crook of his arms and behind them were Peeta and Delly. Gale approached Katniss with a giggling Madge on his back. "Hey Kat" smiled Gale "Hey, there's something on your back" Katniss smiled, pointing at them with a pair of socks. Madge giggled and jumped from Gale´s back "Word is that Miss Everdeen is going to the game"Madge said, smiling 'Yeah, well, it's Prim first game cheering"Katniss said shyly ''The new t-shirts arrived today'' Madge and Gale smiled and went to the warehouse to see them. Katniss saw them leave with a bittersweet feeling. Gale had confessed his love for her a couple of years ago. She loved Gale, he was her almost brother, her first friend, but she couldn't feel more than that. They have shared a few kisses, but it wasn't fair to him. She just didn't feel the same. At first he had been heatbroken, but he understood her. She loved him, but the ways Posy loved him. It had made him sad, angry and a bit emasculated, but he understood her. Katniss was sure that if she couldn't love someone as loyal, handsome and nice as Gale, then something was clearly wrong with her. It was crazy and stupid logic, she knew that, but it was her logic. Gale and Madge had hooked up two months after the day that Katniss had say that she didn't felt the same. At first things were really awkward, because Madge was Katniss' only friend. But they moved past that and luckily their relationship didn't suffer. Still Katniss always wondered about the 'what ifs' ''And we meet again Everdeen'' a grave voice made Katniss jump from her thoughts and turned around. Peeta was wearing a black hockey helmet that covered his face. Katniss scowled at him. She wanted to insult him for scaring her and laugh at the same time for his lame Darth Vader impression. Peeta took the helmet and smiled at her sheepishly ''Sorry'' ''You scared me, you should be careful'' Katniss motioned to the wall next to the socks where a bow and arrows were perched. Peeta opened his mouth and the colour left his face ''Just kidding'' Katniss said quickly. Cleary she wasn't the funny one. Peeta smiled brightly. Odd. ''Do you know how to use it?'' Peeta asked , picking the bow and tensing the string. Before Katniss could warn him, he let go the string and whipped himself with it. ''Holy shit'' Peeta yelled. Katniss threw the socks and ran next to Peeta. She took his arm and left the bow in the wall. Delly, Madge and Gale ran quicly towards them. ''Katniss, I told you to stock the socks, not to whipped costumers'' Haymitch said laughing loudly. Katniss frowned, blushing furiosly and dropped Peeta's arm ''I didn't know that I was going to whipped myself, she didn't whipped me'' Peeta explained, rubbing his forearm ''It's nothing really'' he added looking at Katniss, who was blushing. She mumbled something about socks and left them. Peeta frowned. Madge, Gale and Delly were already leaving to the front of the shop to leave. Delly smiled sadly at him. Haymitch gave them the t-shirts and they were ready to go, but Peeta had other plans. ''You guys go, I'll be there in a sec'' Peeta jogged to the aisle of socks and found Katniss throwing them in the basket from a few feets away. When she heard him coming she freezed . ''So I'll see you tomorrow at the game, right?'' he asked hopesly ''Yeah, of course'' She said looking at her feet. ''Great! I'll see you tomorrow then'' Peeta said turning around. Katniss watched him leave. He was really broad-shouldered. A red welt was forming on his forearm ''Peeta, wait'' Katniss called and he turned around, with a smile on his face. What was ir with this boy? ''I've got your headphones…you left them on my truck, I can get them for you'' she said. ''Oh, right. You can give them back after the game '' he said thinking quickly. That was the perfect excuse to talk again. ''Does it hurt? You forearm,I mean'' Katniss asked, motioning his arm with her head. Peeta shook his head ''I'm sorry, I was going to warn you, but…'' Was she upset because of him? Katniss Everdeen was worrying about him? ''It's really not a big deal'' Peeta said. He heard the sound of Delly's horn ''I should go'' Katniss nodded. Peeta turned around with a sense of happiness and when he though that things couldn't get better he heard her voice calling for him one more time, he turned around ''Good luck tomorrow'' She said smiling. And Peeta's smile was as radiant as the sun. So, here it is. This is my first time writing in english. Some grammar and spelling mistakes are expected,let me know I'll change it. Ok,feel free to tell me if this sucks or if you like it :) Mar