over my hands." Katniss sighed and put down the book she'd been trying to read for the last twenty minutes. Her brain was refusing to cooperate though and she'd read the same sentence at least ten times. "Hello?" "Ahh, I'd heard you were back in town." "Davin," Katniss said shortly. "Peeta's making bread; do you want to leave a message?" "Nope, this one's just for you," Davin said, his voice cold. "Did you really think you could come crawling back here like the piece of trash you are and just pick up where you left off after what you did to him?" "I'm not discussing my relationship with your brother with you or anyone else, Davin." "I'm not discussing it either, you white-trash, good for nothing cunt. Stay away from him if you know what's good for you. This is a small town and we protect our own, remember?" "Nice, you're threatening me now? Fuck off Davin and don't have a nice day." She slammed the phone down into the cradle, her hand shaking slightly as the viciousness of his tone sunk in. He'd threatened her, really honest to god threatened her. Anger bloomed in her chest and she clenched her hands into fists to keep them from shaking. "Babe? Who was it?" Peeta asked as he came in from the kitchen, wiping his hands on a towel. "Oh, wrong number," she lied; shrugging in what she hoped was a nonchalant manner, uncurling her fingers and shoving them in her pockets. "Somebody asking for Thom." No way was she going to ever tell him what Davin had said, it'd kill him to know his brother hated her that much. Better she just find ways to avoid him. She smiled to see him walking without his cane. They'd been working hard all summer long with Dr. Portia and he was almost to the point that he didn't need it anymore. The only time he limped was when it was going to rain. Dr. Portia had told him that he'd have a harder time in the winter when the damp cold came, but for right now, he was doing fantastic. "Look at you," she said, walking towards him and wrapping her arms around his waist. "I can't believe three months ago you couldn't walk two steps without that cane." "I know, and it's all thanks to you," he said, bending down to brush a light kiss across her lips. "It was all those promises of wild monkey sex that my super sexy girlfriend made." "Oh, do you think she'd be jealous of me hugging you?" Katniss teased, winking at him. "Nah, I think you're good." "Okay, because I could totally take her, you know?" He grinned, swatting her lightly on her ass. "Such a badass." "I try." He glanced over at the phone. "Oh, I forgot to tell you, a letter came this morning for you from California. I was going to tell you after lunch and then you distracted me and I forgot. It's in the pile there by the phone." Katniss turned and walked over to the phone, her stomach cramping with nerves. Davin's angry, evil words were still spinning around in her head and she felt like she was going to throw up. Sitting next to the phone was a cream colored envelope with a blue embossed UCLA logo surrounded by a gold circle in the corner. Slitting it open, she pulled out the thick letter inside. Dear Miss Katniss Everdeen, The University of California, Los Angeles is pleased to inform you that you have been awarded a full scholarship to study abroad in Barcelona, Spain for the fall semester. Flight, accommodation and class information are enclosed in the following pages. Please contact my office at your earliest convenience to schedule your flight times. Congratulations! James Beetee, PHD Dean, College of Arts & Letters "Well, what is it?" Peeta asked. She lifted her gaze to his and smiled, the tension from the phone call and the news in the letter leaving her stomach roiling with nausea. "I'm uh; I'm going to Spain. I got the scholarship I applied for to study abroad." "Oh." His smile dipped and then returned. "That's good news, right?" "Yeah, they only give two full rides per year, the competition is ridiculous," she said, still staring at the letter in shock. Honestly, she'd forgotten she'd even applied, the chances were so remote of her getting it that she'd put it completely out of her mind. "You deserve it," he said, coming up behind her and wrapping his arms around her waist, resting his chin on her shoulder. She spun in his arms, wrapping her hands around his neck. "You should come with me!" He shook his head. "I can't. I've got the bakery and school." "Can't your family handle the bakery for four months?" "No, not since I bought out Davin and Will's shares. It's my responsibility now. Besides, I just got the loan to add the patio area. Dad wouldn't have the first clue how to handle that side of the business, that's why they were so happy I decided to stay here. They're ready to retire and leave the day to day stuff to me." "Oh," Katniss said, biting her lip. She was so overwhelmed at the moment that she could barely breathe, let alone think. Offering for him to come with her had been an impulse, one that her mouth had shouted out before her brain could process. "Yeah, I didn't think." She glanced back up at him. "I should probably call them, classes are supposed to start in three weeks." "Yeah," he said, sighing deeply. "I keep trying to forget that you're leaving again." She moved out of his embrace and towards the phone, turning to glance at him over her shoulder. "It won't be forever." "No, it'll just feel like it." He had no idea how prophetic his words would be. Six years would pass before she saw him again…