gestures to Haymitch. When she doesn't respond Haymitch expects her father to get suspicious, maybe ask her what's wrong, but instead he just sighs. "Mati-dear, this is Haymitch. You remember, don't you?" She nods, drops her eyes, takes her hands off the candy and begins wiping them on her little apron. "I remember." Herschel seems to be used to prompting her, patiently prodding words out of her, because he gives her an encouraging smile. "He came by to see you." Her eyes stay down and her mouth settles into a firm frown. "Why?" Her father chuckles. "I have no idea." The bell over the door rings, just as it had when Haymitch had entered and Herschel smiles at the prospect of a customer. "I'll let him tell you, dear," he tells his increasingly anxious looking daughter as he shuffles around the source of her worry to get to the front of the store. Once he's vanished back around the taffy machine, the two are left in suffocating silence. Matilda picks up a wooden spoon, holds it with both her delicate looking hands like some kind of pathetic sword. "Did you come to play another round of 'Make Mati Cry'?" It would've hurt less if she'd slapped him. That irritable voice in the back of his head, that sounds a little like his brother now, calls him an asshole and he's inclined to agree. "No." Haymitch swallows his pride. Unsurprisingly, it tastes like orange slice candy. "I came to apologize." Her expression is still guarded, but she lets the wooden spoon drop a few inches. She'd stab him in the stomach instead of the chest now, which in his case might not work. There's no telling what those Capitol doctors used on him when they stuffed his guts back in. "I was feeling shitty and I just took it out on you." She's like a human equivalent of a puppy. Perfectly sweet and easy to kick, but even if they deserved it you still feel like a bastard for doing it the moment they turn their eyes up at you. "Look, it was real nice of you to remember Graeme's birthday. I'm sure he would've liked the candy, and I appreciate the gesture." Even if he still thinks it's a little stupid. "I shouldn't've thrown your tin and I shouldn't've made you cry. I'm sorry." He reaches into his coat and pulls out the tin. It's still scuffed up, despite his best efforts to rub the dirt off with his sleeve, and there's nothing he can do about the bending, but it's something. Matilda lets the spoon drop down, but keeps it in her left hand as she chews her lip and considers Haymitch for a moment. She slowly walks around the table and reaches out, takes the tin from his hand and examines it. He expects her to throw it at his head, that's what Laurel would've done, and honestly it's what he deserves. He doesn't expect her to lean, practically fall in, and hug him. It's been a long time since he's hugged anyone. He's had a few strange hook-ups in the Capitol, after he's failed another pair of idiot kids again, but he doesn't remember much of those and he's fairly certain they didn't involve hugging. At least not hugging like this. The women in the Capitol are artificial, plastic and harsh, stink with perfume and smoke. Matilda is soft, she smells like the shop around him, sweet and powdery. For a minute he just lets her hold him, stands stiffly with her cheek pressed into his chest. Then he relaxes, gives her an awkward pat on the shoulder. It goes on a shade too long, and Haymitch starts fidgeting. He isn't sure what he's supposed to say if Herschel comes in and finds a guy he really just met today being hugged by his only remaining daughter. "You can let go anytime now, sweetheart." She slowly unwraps her arms, and Haymitch feels a ping of disappointment at the loss of contact. "I'm sorry I upset you too," she says. It's so soft he almost misses it. He makes a gruff noise and she looks up. "You didn't upset me. I was already in a bad mood." Her head tilts, a few wisps of her hair float around her head under the netting protecting it. "I was just an easy mark." She doesn't sound surprised or even upset. It's a fact to her. There's no telling how many times she's been 'an easy mark' for people's frustration. Haymitch is furious at himself for adding his name to that list. "It's okay." She shrugs, gives him a smile. "I'm used to it." Haymitch grinds his teeth. He's been on the receiving end of people's irritation for the past few years for his failure to bring home any of the Tributes in anything but a pine box, and he still isn't used to it. Not entirely. The fact that dainty little Matilda is so easy to forgive him is a little disconcerting. He certainly wouldn't, and it makes him wonders if anyone who'd used her as their emotional punching bag had ever apologized. Uncertain what to say to that, Haymitch nods, gives her another pat on the back and turns to leave. "Haymitch?" Against his better judgment, he turns back, forces himself not to make an agonizing face. She's made him feel too much, or at least feel something that isn't self-pity and self-loathing, and he's eager to get a drink and rid himself of those unwelcome emotions. "Can-Would you mind if I came to visit you?" She's finally put her wooden spoon down, has both her hands clasped in front of her. He doesn't know why she would want to go out to his filthy, misery laced house, but he also doubts she'll actually come, so he shrugs. "Whatever makes you happy, 'Tilda." Her smile could light an entire district and Haymitch can't help but grin back at her.