inches more, and she'll topple into the river. She doesn't know how to swim, and she's not afraid to fall. They stand up, heading towards her apartment. There's not much point, as she's stayed with him since they returned and found her walls and furniture melted to ash. It's a large, gaping space between the two apartments next to her ("I'll miss my paints; it took forever to arrange all of them in color wheel order. What a waste."), and she wants a picture so she can paint it. "This is one memory I'm glad to sell," she notes, picking up a glass jar. In the glow of city lights, little orange marks reflect against it. It looks like it's dripping fireflies. He's thumbing through newspapers at the cafe alone, fingertips smeared with fresh ink as he scribbles notes in the margins. All of them are recent; they only started publishing newspapers five years ago in Six, and they've embraced it. There's a neverending flow of papers; the one he's looking through was printed only half an hour ago. He takes a sip of his coffee; he still doesn't have the nerve to drink them burning hot. One headline blares out at him, though it's tiny and on the second page. He skims the rest of the article and drops his cup, and a waitress sends him a disapproving look. This afternoon, Melodia Snow, granddaughter of the ex-president Coriolanus Snow, was assaulted on the street. Her injuries were reported to be serious, but not fatal, and she currently resides at the city hospital— The hospital smells of disinfectant and the metallic tang of blood that's more of a taste. The fluorescent lights don't have the blurry glimmer of the city, they're just painfully bright yellows and whites that scratch at his eyelids. These aren't on the color wheel, her voice whispers to him in the back of his mind. A thousand pinpricks of (they shouldn't be) color dot the ceiling. He's not allowed to see her, says the doctor with his clipboard, because he's not a relative. "All of her relatives are dead." Vick shoves the doctor aside and flings the door open. "You should know the Capitolites haven't got it that easy, either." No one tries to stop him because he's the brother of the Mockingjay's (former) best friend. In her hospital bed, her dark hair is fanned out on the pillow and the ticking of the heart monitor is unsteady. Her breathing is shallow, barely even there, when she sees him. Blood ripples out onto her sheets, flowing freely with no resistance. They won't help her because of who she is; she'll bleed out soon. "Bring flowers to my grave," she says. "Whorls of them. If I get a grave." He does not laugh. He turns to the nearest nurse and says, "My name is Vick Hawthorne, and if you don't help her, I'm calling Katniss Everdeen." It works. He's bluffing, of course—he has no idea if Katniss would help him. If they're going to use Melodia's status as a plausible reason for anything, he's going to use his own. As he waits by her bed, arms crossed so he looks more intimidating (really, he's in pieces), he says, "I can't afford any flowers, by the way." There's bloody gashes on her arms and face (not to mention she may never see out of one eye ever again), and while he supposes it would be very sweet to kiss her then, he's pretty sure you can get diseases from touching someone else's blood. They fix her up and tell her she can't drink coffee because it raises her blood pressure or keep skipping meals for coffee because, well, self-explanatory. She replies they can go do something anatomically unlikely with themselves before sagging onto their pillows. "You aren't going to keep drinking it, are you?" he asks, hovering anxiously over her. "No. I won't kill myself over love, like I said." It's nice to know she probably prioritizes coffee over him. She takes out her contacts; they're the decorative kind that clouds her vision rather than helps it, and with weakened eyesight, she can't afford to wear them anymore. He sees her eyes, sees what's in them for the first time, and it's not bitterness. It surprises him, just a little. "If I said I wanted to get married—" She glances up and kisses him for all of two seconds, and he decides all kisses are a little like stars. "Ball and chains, marriage." She tugs him along. For the first time in three years, she's invited him on her monthly trip. Winding a frayed patchwork scarf around her neck, she strides through the streets, him trailing uncertainly behind her. This is possibly the worst way to celebrate her birthday that he can think of. They stop at the cemetery gate—it's always open, she says matter-of-factly, because it's a graveyard for Capitolites, and the people who care enough to visit them don't matter. He wonders if he's one of those people now. It's nighttime, and there's been a rainstorm recently. The middle of summer is humid and intense and hyperactive, even, if it was a person, and most of the lights nearby are being fixed. She walks past five rows of graves, treading lightly because there are ghosts here and she won't disturb the dead. Together, they kneel in the damp mud, and he places the whorls of flowers he's brought ("at least they're not for me") by the faded carving on the headstone as she runs her hands over the words. Crushed, wilting petals from months and years before flutter limply as a breeze stirs them. She tells her brother goodbye. He points to the little lights drifting in the air. "It's dripping fireflies." After a few minutes of solemn silence, he asks, "It wouldn't be very romantic if I proposed in the middle of a cemetery, would it?" "No," she replies, "but I imagine I'd say yes."