before straightening up. "Vick and Rory will be up after school," he reminds her. And Haymitch will be over when the sun comes up. She won't be alone for long. It's cold comfort, he knows that, but it's the best he's got for her. "I know. I'll be okay." Gale nods. He knows she will be. She's survived worse than a few hours loneliness, but if he had his way she wouldn't have to suffer even a moment of it. It isn't his choice though, so he forces a smile. Despite his protests that it's too cold for her to be up and about, she crawls out of the warmth of the bed and follows him, bare feet padding on the hardwood floors, down to the kitchen. "Mom made you something," she tells him through chattering teeth, opening the icebox and pulling an overstuffed sandwich from its depths and walking it over to him. Much as he likes the food, he wishes Madge's mom wouldn't insist on trying to make him lunch. Her meals are too much, more food than Gale would ever be able to afford. For the first few years he'd simply eaten whatever his own mom had packed him and saved the sandwich for Vick and Rory to split for school. When Posy started up though, things had gotten more complicated. She's the only member of the family on the outside where Madge is concerned. Posy is too young and too chatty to be trusted with Gale's secret. She'd accidentally tell one of her little friends or the teacher and then the fact that Gale spends his nights with District Twelve's most recent Victor would be common knowledge, and that's something he can't risk. These past few years they've been careful, obsessively so in fact, about keeping their relationship secret. Mellark knows, but he hasn't told a soul, not even Katniss. Vick and Rory know, but they care enough about Madge, and are scared enough of Gale, to keep their traps shut. "Besides, if we tell anyone we'd have to share her with people," Rory had pointed out. While socially isolating Madge isn't what Gale would call a positive of the secrecy, if it kept Rory quiet he'd keep that thought to himself. When his brothers had first made Posy a small lunch from the sandwich she'd questioned just where the meat had come from. "This isn't rabbit or deer," she'd pointed out. "Where did it come from?" "I traded for it," Gale lied. That worked for a while, cold cuts and cheese from Town and candies from Matilda were passed off as amazing trades, until Posy began to want to meet Gale after work to go with him to trade. "Maybe we can get them to give us more. I'm very pretty," she explained, batting her eyelashes ridiculously and nearly causing Rory to shoot water out his nose. Even if Rory thought it was funny, the thought of Posy getting the idea in her head that her looks could get her things turned Gale's stomach. His dad's sister had ended up selling herself off just to keep their family afloat after their dad had died, and the image of Posy ever thinking of doing the same thing had been enough to make Gale realize he couldn't keep lying about trading. Posy's lunches would have to be just what Gale killed himself. After that Gale had begun leaving the sandwiches in a hollow of a tree for his brothers to gather up before school. He hated leaving Posy out, but he compensated by making sure she got extra candy on the weekends, to make up for his no longer 'trading' after work. Forcing a smile, Gale takes the sandwich and tucks it in his lunch pail. Leaning in, he catches her lips again. Despite knowing he's going to have to jog to make it on time, Gale's hands begin to wander, inching their way under the blanket Madge has haphazardly wrapped around her and tugging at her nightgown. The responsible part of his brain, the part that kept him and his family alive for years, tries to shout at him that he's going to get a reprimand for being late, he's going to have to stay late to make up time, he might even get docked pay. That voice is drowned out by another, much more pleasant one. It purrs in his ears, urging him on, telling him that even if he loses a day's pay it will be worth it. Somehow Madge ends up pinned between Gale and the kitchen island, his hands wrapped around her thighs and hoisting her onto the countertop as he continues to kiss a line down her neck. He's about to lift her up again, carry her up to the bed and tell the foreman he's been sick, when Madge pulls back, her eyes bright and her lips swollen. "Gale, you've got to go to work," she reminds him, her voice a breathless gasp. Grunting, Gale dives back in for her lips again. To hell with work. She stops him with a cold palm pressed to his mouth and a sad smile. "Work, Gale." Chilly air finally begins to seep between them, filling the creases and crevices with cold reality, forcing all the burning thoughts and desires from Gale's head. He has work. He has a family to feed still. Sucking in a long breath, Gale nods. "Yeah." "Tonight," Madge tells him, her hands wrapped in his coat, keeping him close enough to smell the tantalizing scent of her shampoo but too far for another kiss. "I promise." Reaching up, Gale pushes a wild strand from her face. He'd come back without it, but it's another happy thought to drag him through the day. "I love you," he whispers. A real smile twitches up on her lips. "I love you, too." With one last kiss, too quick and too soft, Gale heads out, warning Madge to lock the door behind him.