me. "Rose, don't do that." I said. She smiled and made the motion as if she were laughing but no sound came from her. I was blowdried and my hair was detangled before I went back into the room. Chapter 21 Rose I watched Clover silently as she got dressed, frustrated at my inability to be heard. It was like being an avox except I had a tongue. She smiled sadly at me as Connor knocked on the door. She opened the door and he entered the room. I wished that he could see me but when I had died I had chosen Clover as the only person who could see me. She was like an older sister to me. I watched as she lay down on the bed and saw tears stream down her face. I thought of a song that my sister used to sing to me when I was little. She called it "Little Mockingjay" and it went like this Little mockingjay Sing your song for me Please don't fly away I won't keep you very long Hum a melody Sweetly just for me When it's over You again can be free Sing a tune To the rising moonlight Then return Back to your home Just one song That's all I ask Than Return Back to your nest Just a few notes That's all I want Then return Home before dark And when the sun is up You again will rise To sing your song for me Now please don't you cry Remember me Please don't forget You're the sweetest mockingjay That I ever met I felt tears threaten as I remembered all of the words to the song. It was about asking a young mockingjay to stay with her while she finished the song. I let the tears fall down my face. I walked through a dark world, full of clouds that were impenentrable by the sun. This was the state in between that I had chosen to live in when Clover couldn't see me. I hated it here but it let me see my family members. So it was worth it. I walked along a beaten path that led to a small fountain. The fountain was empty, the marble bone dry. My mouth felt parched but there was nothing I could do. I wandered aimlessly around the courtyard until Clover pulled me into her world for another visit. I found myself on the train headed for district 12. Clover smiled when she saw me and I smiled back. The images outside blurred past as the train reached top speed. Clover was in her room on the train, brushing out her long hair. She stood up and walked over to me. I tried to give her a hug but I passed right through her warm embrace. I looked at her sorrowfully. She gave me a sad look and sat down on her bed. "I just wish you could talk. It's nice to see you but it would be better if I could actually touch you and talk to you. But I guess that's just the way the cookie crumbles" She said. I nodded, wishing I could talk to her, to tell her how much I miss her. Chapter 22 Connor I sat down on the bed in my room on the train and stared at the wall blankly. I was going home finally. I got up and went over to Clovers compartment. She opened the door and I saw her face was blotchy as if she had been crying. She invited me in and I sat down on the bed. "Just think, Clover, in less than 24 hours we'll be able to see our family." I said, trying to be cheerful. She nodded. Her lips turned up in a half smile. "I can't wait to see my mom." She said. I nodded. We drove through the Capitol in cars with the windowns blacked out. When we arrived at the train station, we were immediately taken onto a waiting train and we left at once. I watched as the shining Capirol disappeared into blackness and then we were in light once again. I went into my room and stripped off the outfit I was wearing. Then I went into the washroom and took a shower. Once I was done, I went out into the dining hall where lunch was being served. I knew from experience not to stuff my face full of the delicious capitol food and instead took small servings of some of the dishes. Once lunch was finished, I went back into my room and took a well earned nap. I woke to the train stopping for fuel. I got up and went to the small window. We were maybe a few hours from home and I felt anxious to see my mother again. Mina would be extatic to see me again. I imagined her smile when she saw me step off the platform and her hug as I embraced her. I missed my sister. I went outside and walked along the tracks for a few minutes alone before another set of footsteps joined me. I stopped and waited while Clover caught up with me and together we walked hand in hand for a few moments. When it was time to depart again we ran back to the train and boarded. In a few hours we would be home. When the train arrived at the station in district twelve, anxiety clawed at my stomach and I feared that I would be too nervous to even see my family. Although once we finally saw them, relief filled me as I embrace my mother and sister. I felt my sisters tears fall onto my shirt as she cried in relief. I lost sight of Clover when I was pulled into the hug but then I saw her behind me. I put my arm around her and we are escorted to the town square for the victory ceremony.