a reason that this wouldn't be a good thing? I mean… and I'm asking this out of pure respect, but— does she not want to keep it?" He sighs deeply, his knee beginning to bounce again. "It's not that she doesn't…want to keep it. It's more or less the fact that she isn't prepared." I laugh. "I'm sorry, I don't mean to laugh, but— I wasn't anywhere near prepared either. I mean, that was five years ago, and I wouldn't trade Maria for the world." He nods his head but stays silent. I reach over and rub his shoulder reassuringly. "Just talk to her about it, alright? I honestly think you'll both be okay." "She's nervous, you know. Didn't know if you could tell or not." "I had a sneaking suspicion." He grins. "How are you, then? You seem to be doing well." I nod my head, smiling. "Pretty well." "How little…Mellark doing?" he hesitates on "Mellark". He's still getting used to the fact that I'm having another mans baby. Well, babies. "Actually, it's… Mellark's." "What?" he asks, raising his eyebrows. I roll my eyes. "I'm having twins." "Twins?" he repeats, his mouth hanging open. "Yep. But we haven't told anyone yet, so keep it between us. And Madge, of course." "Of course," he smiles. "So you're really…having twins ?" "Yes," I laugh, and we share a truly genuine smile. How far we've come. "Hey mo—" I turn my head, finding Avery standing in the doorway. He pauses, his eyes flicking to Gale before landing back on mine. "Um, dad says dinner's ready." he leaves before I can even utter a response. "He hates me," Gale sighs. "He doesn't hate you. He just doesn't know you." "Regardless, he doesn't like me." "Would you stop?" I ask, standing from the couch. "And play nice in there, alright? It's our first dinner together in this new house and I won't have you being spiteful." He gives me a reproachful look. "Sorry, Catnip. I'll behave." "Good." "Come on Maria, get up. Let's move you to your bed." I nudge her legs aside, sitting down next to her on the couch. Her and Avery had fallen asleep while watching a movie, but it was long since Avery moved himself to his room. She whines, rubbing her face into the cushion. "Come on, baby." I try pulling on her arm gently, but she only retracts it. "No, papa." I look to Peeta, who's just now walking into the room. I sit Maria up, her small frame leaning against my own. Her head lolls to the side slightly before falling onto my shoulder, he eyes fluttering open. "I want…papa." My breath catches, Peeta and I's eyes finding each others in the dimly lit room. His face lights up with a warm smile as he walks to kneel down next to me, scooping Maria into his arms. Her hands go to wrap around his neck, her head falling against his chest. "I'll take her," he whispers, standing up. "Meet me up there." "I'll go check on Avery," I whisper back. He gives me a head nod before disappearing through the doorway and up the stairs. And as I make my ascent up the stairs, it hits me how funny it is that we're taking care of each others children. I let my hand roam the picture frames that we've begun lining the walls of the upstairs hallway. Many in which involve candid shots of either Peeta doing something ridiculous— like the time he decided to wear one of Maria's baby hats when she was two— or something sweet and memorable, like the time I caught him sleeping in her crib. I round the courier, lightly pushing Avery's bedroom door open and peeking my head inside. He's fast asleep, his back towards the door. The room is still it's neutral color, with little to no decorations yet— besides his baseball teams photograph that's placed atop his dresser. I walk inside, leaning over his bead and smoothing out his unruly curls that stick up every which way. He stirs in his sleep, but doesn't wake up. I kiss his forehead lightly before back ing away, flicking off his closet light on the way out— he likes to use it as a night light. It's understandable at this point, it's a new house and things can be unpredictable and scary. I hear a voice the closer I get to Maria's room. And as I approach, and open the door, I find Peeta layed out on Maria's bed, with an asleep Maria resting against his chest. He closes the book in his hand when he sees me, unhooking his arm from around her little body as he sits up, carefully lying her head down onto the pillow. "She was out before I even started the book," he whispers as he makes his way over, pulling me into a hug. He inhales deeply, pressing his lips to the side of my neck. I shudder under his touch. "Come one, let's go to bed. You'll have plenty of time for that later." "Yes, we do," he agrees, kissing my lips. "We have all our lives." AUTHORS NOTE : Now, I do want to let you all know first, that this story will time hop one more time after this. The first part of this story with be Katniss' pregnancy with the twins, and then their birth. But after that, I'm doing a pretty dramatic time hop. I don't want to give anything away, I just wanted to let you know what you're getting yourselves into. I bet you noticed me introducing a few new characters into the mix. And trust me when I say that these characters don't go away. They're very important to this story. But trust me, I have this all planned out perfectly. Honestly, I plan on this being 100% better than Roads. It's going to be all Everlark, trust me. Also some Gadge (Gale and Madge). But mostly Everlark.