cupcake for your birthday," he tries to explain while opening the box and pulling out the cupcake he's so proud of. He holds it out in front of Katniss's face, almost touching her nose. She takes it from him, and her eyebrows do this funny thing where they go closer together. Peeta thinks maybe it's better to not say anything. So he looks at Katniss. And looks. And looks. And she looks at her cupcake. And looks. And looks. "It's yellow orange," she whispers in amazement. "You made me a yellow orange cupcake?" Peeta's smile returns in full force, "Yeah! I found you something yellow orange for your birthday!" Then he puts his hands on his hips proudly. "Told ya I could do it." He wins the bet. And Katniss gets a birthday cupcake. He thought maybe she would be mad to lose, but the smile she gives Peeta matches the one on his own face. "You got me a cupcake for my birthday. That was really, really, super nice Peeta." "You're not mad that you lost?" "Kinda. But I knew you could find it. Find the yellow orange. You're smart like that," she tells him as she places the cupcake back in the bakery box carefully, making sure none of the yellow orange icing gets smeared. Peeta can feel his warm face get even hotter. "Yeah, but you're smart, too," he states. "And," he mumbles quietly, "you can read, so you're smarter." Katniss turns her head back to him. "No one else can read yet either Peeta, you can do it," she comments. She stays quiet for a second before asking, "Do you think I could do it?" "What, read?" "No silly! That I could find something that looks like a crayon color?" Peeta thinks for a moment. Could she do it? Of course , he thinks. But he doesn't want to make it too easy for her. "I've got an idea. My birthday is October 11. I'm going to be six." Katniss's eyebrows do that funny thing again. "So?" "Hold on," Peeta tells her as he runs over to his cubby for the third time, grabbing his brown bagged lunch and placing its contents in the bottom of his backpack, thinking his idea is super, super cool. And smart. He runs back over to where Katniss stands by their desks, watching him curiously. She doesn't say anything, but Peeta watches as her mouth drops open while Peeta takes his treasured pack of crayons and dumps all of them into the paper bag. "What did you do that for!?" She shrieks. "They were all put so nice in there!" Peeta just gives her the same toothy grin he gave his father when his daddy revealed the secret about Katniss's mommy. He holds out the bag with two hands in front of her, just in front of her nose. The same way he had presented her cupcake. "Stick your hand in the bag and take a crayon," Peeta commands with as much seriousness as he can muster. Katniss's head tilts to the side as she smirks at him, but she does as she's asked. Her hand dips into the paper bag and pulls out a crayon that Peeta thinks looks like purple. A light purple, though. He watches as Katniss rolls the crayon in her hand, trying to understand the markings that make up its name. "T– T–, ugh!" She huffs in frustration. Peeta picks up the crayon out of her palm and looks at the markings. "T-H-I-S-T-L-E. What's that word?" Katniss shrugs her shoulders. "It's 'thistle' darling!" Miss Trinket announces as she makes her way up behind them. "T-H-I-S-T-L-E spells the word 'thistle.'" And as quickly as she popped up from behind them, she makes her way to her desk in the front. Peeta gives her a triumphant smile. Katniss scowls. "You chose thistle!" "No way!" Katniss squeals. "I don't want that one! I don't even know what that is! I want another," she states as she reaches for the bag full of crayons in Peeta's hand. But Peeta whips it away from her. "Nuh-uh. You can't break the rules!" "What rules!?" "The rules that say you can't pick another crayon," Peeta says matter-of-factly, even though he just made up the rule moments beforehand. Katniss huffs again and sticks out her lower lip. "Please?" "Nope," Peeta smiles, "If you can find me something the color of that crayon," Peeta holds up the crayon still in his other hand, "then you prove you can do it too." "And if I can't?" "I know you can." Katniss smiles at Peeta, teeth and all. He likes how her front teeth have a space. It looks cool. "October 11?" She sticks out her small hand. Peeta takes it, surprised at how soft it feels compared to his daddy's. "October 11." And they shake on it. After that, Miss Trinket starts calling for everyone to start getting ready to 'learn, learn, learn!' Peeta hadn't even realized that all the other kindergartners are in the room. Katniss heads to her cubby to put her cupcake away for later. He watches her, and then remembers. His note! He hurries over to his own cubby, for the fourth time, and pulls out the piece of notebook paper he had written on last night. He double checks to make sure it's still smooth with no wrinkles, then rushes over to Katniss at her cubby. She turns around in surprise. He hands her the note. She opens it up. He looks at the first sentence he is ever able to actually read. She looks up, beaming at him. He knows her answer from that smile. On the piece of lined paper, in Peeta's handwriting, written with a yellow orange crayon, are six words, one question: Will you be my best friend? This story is going to end up being a total of eight chapters, so keep an eye out for the next chapter soon! Again, thanks for reading :)