reapings. The girl that is called up is called Lia, she looks oddly confident, and stands on the stage with pride, until the boys name is called out, and she suddenly turns pale. I then realise that the both have the same sir name. Samuel and Lia Ignatius are siblings, and they're both in the games together. This can't just be a coincidence. The next two reapings pass by, and I vaguely take note of the tributes, passing them off as bloodbath victims. Then it gets to district 9's reapings. The girl that steps up is clearly 12, but she looks so much younger. She has light green hair, and looks so pale and so underfed. She is unhealthily skinny and has a look of pure horror on her face as she ridgedly shakes her district partners hand. I feel so sorry for this girl, that I decide that I am not going to kill her. Mintila Vervi will be on somebody else's conscience. District 10 and 11's reapings pass by, until it gets to district 12. District 12 are usually the first to die, but by the look in this girls eyes, I can tell that this girl is smarter than her district gives her credit for. This girl looks mysterious, she looks sneaky, and its right there, on this very sofa that I choose my first ally. I am going into the arena with the 14 year old girl from district 12. I am going into the arena with Georgia Butcher. Soon enough Georgia shakes hands with her partner, another bloodbath, and the Panem anthem begins to play. I find myself humming along. I know people are turning their noses up at me but, this is a very catchy tune! After a few minutes of awkward silence, Tyrin walks in. 'Come come come everyone...Dinner...is served!' I roll my eyes at his accent, and walk over to the dining cart, sitting down at my usual place and starting to feebly pick at some lamb stew. 'Ives, eat up. You're going to need all the energy you can get to endure that prep team, we arrive first thing in the morning.' I look over to Elena, to see Joshua beside her shovelling down food like he's never seen the stuff before. Tyrin tuts loudly, and smacks Joshua's hand with one of his own. 'Oh what terrible manners! You disgusting district pigs! Why can't you be civilised like poor Ivory here? Think of her! She has to put up with you for the next few days.' Joshua suddenly drops the piece of bread he was holding, turning to face Tyrin. 'District pigs? Think of Ivory? Think of me! We both know that I'm going to be sent to my death in less than a week, and don't say 'oh you have just as much a chance as everyone else' because I know you're all putting your bets on Ivory!' He turns to Elena. 'Don't pretend like you haven't been training her up for this. She's always had enough to eat, always had enough to eat, never had to take out tesserae no. She's been living the high life in victors village when we all sit there and starve! You've been training her up for this moment, and what have I got? Nothing. A starving family. 3 brothers that are all going to die now because I won't be there to feed them!' He turns back to Tyrin. 'And as for 'district pigs' are we really the pigs? The Capitol is sending 23 children to die, 23 children who have family, who could have had lives, they could make something out of themselves, but no, you're sending us to die just so you can have a little bit of television entertainment. Who do you think you are telling me I have bad manners? Because I think forcing 23 children out of there homes, taking their lives away, rounding them into an arena and slaughtering them all, where the 24th child gets to live a life of luxury and guilt, plagued with nightmares of the people he was forced to murder to get home to his family, is a little bit rude!' Everything has gone completely silent, even Tyrin, who never shuts up is silent, we are all gawking at Joshua in amazement. How can a 12 year old come out with that? How can he dare to start screaming a string of profanities about the Capitol in a most likely camera rigged room on a Capitol made train? He must have noticed that every pair of eyes in the room is fixated on him, because he gets up, pushing his chair onto the floor, and runs into his compartment, slamming the door shut behind him. Vincent quickly gets up and follows, his face plastered with concern. A blonde haired avox runs into the room, hurriedly picking up the chair and tucking it back under the table, before rushing back out the room, just in time to run into a very disorientated Vincent, a pink hand mark across his face. She looks bewildered, and quickly picks herself off the floor and practically runs out. Vincent sits back down at the table, and me and Elena both burst out laughing. 'I have no idea how you won your games Vincent but you must have been against some pretty weak people if you can be beaten up by a 12 year old boy.' I chortle, leaning against Elena. 'Yeah Vince, I thought you were some steely man!' Everyone is laughing now, except for Tyrin. He sits in his chair, still staring emotionlessly into the space where Joshua once stood. I take this as my queue to move, and go back to my compartment, flopping onto the soft bed, and trying to forget about the horrors of which await me tomorrow. The 2nd chapter should be up tomorrow.. Please review so I know where to go with this story, and I'll gladly take suggestions or PM's!:D