their Victory Tours. They were all beautiful and broken. Hollowed out beings with painted smiles and vacant stares. Worse than her own even, and she doesn't think she can bear that. Before she can stop herself her mouth gives her thoughts an exit. "I don't know that I want to." He doesn't get mad, doesn't get up and storm out, just sighs and rubs one of his hands over his eyes. After a minute of thought he looks up, giving her a sad smile. "I have to . I want to. " Maybe it's because he came home and Maysilee didn't, maybe he feels like he owes Madge's mother a life for a life, or because he's friends with her father, or maybe it's because he's known her since she was very small, but the look in his eyes, that dangerous light glowing in them lets her know he's deadly serious. He has to get Madge home. There's no question of it for him. Arguing with him won't do her any good, his mind is set and he's a stubborn man, so despite her mind telling her that she's a lamb being carted to slaughter, she nods. "Okay." She'll play along with him, she'll be his piece in this Game, even if she doesn't believe for a second that she'll be coming home. She can't bring herself to break his heart. A little smile creeps onto his face. "Good." He stands up, straightens out the legs of his pants and runs his hand through his hair before looking at her. "You just use your head, Pearl, stay alive, and I'll take care of the rest." He jabs his thick finger at the tray and gives her a sharp look. "At least drink for me." Madge gives him a little smile. "Is it spiked?" He chuckles. "If you're anything like your mother you'd better hope not." With one last smile, he pats her shoulder and heads out the door. "Mr. Abernathy," Madge stops him, holds out his handkerchief. "Keep it. I think I ruined your napkin." He tells her before disappearing out the door. Folding it up, she sets it in her lap and picks up another strawberry. As she takes a bite, she thinks of her parents and finds it a little bitter. She puts the cover back on the food and downs the water. Food can wait. ####### Gale sits on the hard little bench in the Justice Building and stares up the hall toward door at the far end. Madge isn't there anymore, he'd squandered his chance to see her before they dragged her off to be murdered on television. He'd been too afraid to go in, especially after he'd watched one of the baker's sons go in and come out as a tearful mess. He hadn't been able to pinpoint why he hadn't been able to go in, stand up from the uncomfortable bench and take the few steps to the door to apologize for his words. "You won't be going to the Capitol." Who would've thought that out of thousands of slips, one of the five with 'Magdalene Undersee' would've found their way into Effie Trinkets terrifying claws? Even though she must've been terrified, Gale didn't see so much as a flicker of weakness cross Madge's face. Years as the Mayor's daughter had clearly come in handy today. Despite coming from the District with the worst track record and the most humiliating of all Victors, Madge hadn't given the Capitol or other Tributes any sign that she was an easy mark. Though if they were anything like him they'd spot a soft girl, a girl who had no idea how to kill and scavenge, a girl that would be gone before the bloodbath even ended. Running his hands over his face before letting them settle at his neck and massage out the ache that had formed there, he sighs. "Pathetic," he mutters to himself. He was pathetic. He'd forfeited his chance to apologize because he was pathetic. Madge will be dead and he'll never get to unburden himself. Maybe, he finally thinks, that's why he had only been able to walk into her room and tell her he had truly not believed there was a chance she would have been picked. Gale deserves to be burdened. He'd picked at someone that hadn't done anything to deserve it and the worst possible outcome, that his barb had twisted on itself and snatched her away, had occurred. He hadn't been able to apologize because in the end he didn't deserve to be forgiven, and now he never will be. Madge isn't coming home. He gets up from the bench, his knees stiff from the angle and heads for the door. It's dark out already and he looks at the clock and realizes he's been sitting in the Justice Building for several hours. Wonder why they didn't kick me out? Maybe they were just feeling generous on Reaping Day. His mother is probably worried about him, so he heads back toward the Seam, glancing down the small road that leads to Madge's house. The lights are out, and he wonders if the Mayor and his wife are sitting in the kitchen eating the strawberries their vanished daughter had purchased only hours earlier. Unlike the family of Arlo Riley, who will receive comfort and condolences, the Mayor and his wife aren't likely to be given so much as a pat on the shoulder or an 'I'm so sorry for your loss'. It's a gloomy thought and he tries to push it away, but by the time he gets home he's decided that he'll get up early and head to the woods to pick another bucket of strawberries. Gale might've failed to unburden himself with Madge, but he can still try to make it up to the only people left from her life. If anyone needs a sweet, a little 'I'm sorry' and comfort, it'll be the Mayor and Mrs. Undersee.