Don's face as he stands up again. He pulls a small wooden box out of his black trouser pocket and hands it to me. Inside was a ring made up of three copper bands woven together. Wedding rings are so uncommon in the district… It's beautiful but what on earth did he have to go through to get this? The ring glints in the sunlight streaming through the window as Don slides the ring onto my finger. "Don…" My voice has gone all hushed again. "Yes?" He looks up at me, grinning. "I love you." I bend my head to kiss him lightly on the lips but it quickly turns into something hotter and more passionate. It's too easy to forget who I am and where we are when Don kisses me like this. If it were humanly possible I'm sure I would melt in his arms. Right now I can feel my knees buckling beneath me. "We. Have. To. Go." Don tells me between kisses. No we don't. The only place we're going is into bed. "Don't shake your head at me miss. We have to go." He breaks away for breath but I just drag his face back to mine. "I don't want to go out there." I whine against his lips. "Peacekeepers," He responds but he doesn't stop kissing me – he wants me as much as I want him. "Screw Peacekeepers," It's a dangerous thing to say but it's how I feel and I always tell Don how I feel. "Oceana. Oceana later. I promise later." His kisses trail down to the base of my neck, leaving little tingling spots where each one was placed. The small action meant he was being truthful to what he was saying. Disappointed, I allow Don to give me a final lingering kiss before I fix both our hair. Holding hands we join the final trickle of people heading towards the Justice Building. When we finally join the lines of people signing in Don literally has to prise his hand out of mine when we separate into boys and girls. I don't want to let him go. He can't protect me from all the way over there. He needs to stay with me. "I love you." He whispers in my ear, reminding me before joining his fellow eighteen year old males. My mind feels numb without his presence. I stumble through the endless see of girls, unable to find where I stand. They all look the same, sun-kissed skin, light brown/blonde hair, brown eyes and blue frocks. Finally I see where I'm meant to be and stand there, swaying on the spots. The mindless murmurs of other victims around me dim into an irritating background humming noise that is easily ignored. I focus my gaze on the stage and to our living victors. Only five out of the seven of them have showed up: There's Mags, our oldest living victor, in the wooden chair on the far left, whispering to Finnick, the youngest sane victor we have and our district's mentor. He's discreetly holding the hand of Annie, the girl driven insane when she saw the head of the other tribute from our district chopped off in front of her. I was too young to remember that year but I know that it was the Games the year after Finnick won and I've heard the stories – we all have. Next to Annie (who is rocking in her chair and staring at the few clouds drifting across the sky) is River who won the 55th Hunger Games and on his left is Pearl. I can't remember anything about Pearl at all but I can tell she's a morphling addict from her sagging yellow skin which isn't very helpful. Our other two victors, Seaweed and Articula, are a married alcoholic couple so I guess they're probably at home ripping each other's throats out or something… Silence falls around me as Maybel Prince, District 4's Capitol Escort, takes to the stage. She's green. Literally. Her skin is a dark olive green and her eyes and hair are a matching shade of emerald green that fades towards the bottom. Just from the look of her you can tell Maybel's never been starved in her life. She has large hips and a waist that's not much smaller, thick arms and legs and a pair of boobs that are practically spilling out of her puffy pinky-purple top, not to mention the fact that her black pencil skirt looks like it's going to rip at the seams. "Hello, hello ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls. Welcome to the Reaping for the 73rd annual Hunger Games! Good luck to all our potential tributes and may the odds be ever in your favour," Maybel talks in a sickly sweet girly voice that doesn't belong to a woman of her size and sounds very odd tainted in her thick Capitol accent. "Ladies first." She beams at us all, waddling over to the giant glass bowl that contains the names of girls between 12 and 18 from District 4 because her skirt is too tight to allow her to walk properly. A preliminary drawing last week got rid of at least two thirds of children in the district but there are still probably at least two thousand names in our bowl anyway. I can't remember how I know this, I just do and my stomach shreds itself as Maybel sticks her chubby fist straight into the bowl an pulls out a name. Maybel doesn't have the patience for suspense as she practically runs back to the microphone and reads the name aloud. "Oceana Weaver-Smith." I knew it. Please review IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT! For anyone interested, I now have a facebook page where you can get pictures and a little more information about all of my fanfiction work! Here's the link ( .com/annabethblackfanfiction ) just copy and paste it into your web browser and like the page. Thank you for your time.