well, then he and Annie went back home to sleep. Sparky and Wavy smiled and went back to Serena to report what had happened. "Those two are getting too close. Tomorrow's the last day. I can't let them get any closer! I'll have to go up on my own." Serena said. The next morning, Serena used her magic on herself, then she turned into a human as well! Rather than being ugly, she made herself really attractive. She had beautiful long black hair, and the most radiant blue eyes. She teleported herself to the shore. She wore a seashell around her neck, the shell containing Annie's voice. "Perfect." she said happily. "I sound exactly like Annie because of this shell. Now Finnick will fall in love with me instead of her." She saw Finnick walking around on the beach. Annie must've still been asleep. "Hello, Finnick." Serena said. Finnick turned around. "I'm Serena." "That voice..." he said, sounding mesmerized. Serena started singing, then she casted a magic spell on him. "That voice..." Finnick said again in a voice that wasn't his own. His eyes had turned a weird colour and he looked hypnotized. "We're getting married today." Serena said. Finnick nodded. Annie had been up for a while now, it was almost sunset. She'd been playing with Flutter, wondering where Finnick was. She HAD to get that kiss from him today. Flutter was sitting on the windowsill rather than in his cage. "Annie," he said, "look outside." Annie looked outside and almost screamed, but didn't because she couldn't. Finnick was walking with a girl in a white dress. A tear rolled down Annie's cheek. "That girl has him under some sort of spell." Flutter said, but Annie didn't seem to hear him. She just kept crying. "Annie! You have to get him away from her!" Flutter told her. Annie still didn't pay attention to him. "That Serena girl he's with looks evil." Annie heard someone say. "I know. I think she's some sort of witch. She looks like she has him under a spell!" someone else answered. Serena?...Witch?...Annie gasped. She ran down to the shore immediately, and Flutter followed. Finnick and Serena were already aboard the wedding boat, which was out on the water. There was a little boat on the shore, so Annie went in it and rowed it, hoping to get to the wedding boat quickly. "We're gathered here today to join these two in matrimony." the priest said, sounding unenthusiastic. "Do you, Serena, take Finnick to be your husband?" he asked Serena. "I do." Serena said, smirking, "And do you, Finnick, take Serena to be your-" "Not on my watch!" Flutter said, flying down to the boat. He landed on Serena and started attacking her. "Leave me, you stupid bird!" Serena cried. Annie arrived with her rowboat, quickly climbed up the side of the wedding boat. As Serena tried swatting Flutter away, the seashell fell from her necklace and broke into pieces. Just as Annie flopped into the deck of the boat, her voice oozed from the shell and returned to her. "No!" Serena cried in her regular voice. Finnick was released from Serena's spell, and he completely forgot everything that had happened since he met her. He turned around as Annie sang happily. "It was you, Annie!" Finnick cried, running to her and hugging her. Annie nodded. "Yes, it was me!" she answered, hugging him back. They stared at each other, and just as they were about to kiss, Annie fell from Finnick's arms! Her legs had turned back into a mermaid tail. "You're too late!" Serena shouted happily. She was back to her normal self, the ugly sea witch. "Annie's my prisoner!" Serena grabbed Annie and jumped into the water. "Annie!" Finnick cried, jumping in after them. "Serena!" a voice cried. It was Annie's father! "Let my daughter go." "No way!" Serena laughed, she had a tight grip on Annie. "Please...if you let her go...I'll give you the crown." The King told her. Annie's eyes widened. "No!" she cried. Serena and her father both ignored her. "Really? You'll give me the crown?" Serena asked. The King nodded, and offered it to her. Serena let go of Annie and grabbed it, then turned her brother into one of the little sea plants. "Daddy!" Annie screamed. Serena laughed, and took the King's trident, then she noticed Finnick above them. "I'm going to destroy you and him." Serena said to Annie. Annie quickly swam up to where Finnick was, and he held her in his arms. Serena created a magical water tornado and smiled. "You two have caused me so much trouble." she laughed. She shot a lightning bolt at them, but Finnick and Annie both dodged, being flung in separate directions. Finnick found Annie's rowboat, and he took one of the oars. It was broken, so it was very sharp. Annie was lying on the sand, and Serena had the King's trident pointed at her. "Good bye." Serena said, and just as she was about to blast Annie, Finnick took his oar and drove it through her chest! Serena let out an ear-splitting shriek, then she shrunk, shrivelled up, and died. Annie and Finnick stared at her, then at each other. He again took her in his arms as the King turned back to normal and regained his crown and trident. Finnick and Annie looked at each other, then they finally kissed. When they did, a magical light formed and Annie's tail turned back into human legs! The couple smiled, and knew that this had to be true love. Finnick and Annie were to get married on one of those fancy wedding boats. The King had allowed Annie to live her life on the surface since she preferred it over a mermaid life. As Finnick and Annie stood on the deck of the boat, the King and Annie's six sisters stayed in the water and waved to them, and they'd live happily ever after. The End :)