the main street, to the square and his sign-in line, confident and feline. I watch him go and feel hollow. I lean back onto the wall of the shop behind me, and knock my head back against it on purpose. I can't feel hollow, not now. I mentally shake myself; take a deep breath and head toward the square, a cocky smile on my face, at first false, but swiftly genuine. The square has four sides, paths leading the rest of the town at each of the four corners. It is surrounded with shops and restaurants, all of which share a front façade, that generally have rows and rows of tables and chairs set out in front of them. They have all been put up for the occasion. The square is packed with people, and there is more than a buzz of excitement in the air. The noise from the crowd is almost deafening. There is a fountain in the middle, and some of the younger children are playing in it. It makes me smile. At the far end of the massive square a stage has been erected on the steps of our capitol building, which serves as the center of government in District Two. Banners are hung that proudly read, "74th Hunger Games: District Two Reaping." It is something of an affair, the reaping in district two. It is the star district every year in the hunger games because there are so many volunteers that special procedures have to be followed. It is almost a prequel to the actual games. In front of the stage a large section has been roped off for potential tributes. Within the ropes the sides are divided into boys and girls and by age group. Between the stage and the tributes, another area has been roped off. Its use is not indicated, but I know well what it is for. I fight my way through the crowd to get to my sign-in area, not paying any attention to the people being jostled around me. Both Cato and I have taken what is called a "tessara" every year since we were eligible to be in the reaping. In the poorer areas of District Two this can be construed as a punishment. In order to keep from starving your name gets thrown in for the reaping more times. At the academy taking tessarae is required and desirable. The more times your name is in the choosing the better the chance you will be able to be a tribute without having to compete for a volunteer slot. Plus, it makes it cheaper for the academy to feed us. Both Cato and myself have our names in forty-two times, the maximum. However, so do the two other girls and boys in our year at the academy. Waiting. That's the hardest part. I wait in line with the other girls my age. We're roped off in the center with the rest of the potential tributes. The crowd presses in on us from behind. The others are practically shaking in their boots. Most of them are just girls, not academy. Few survive to graduate the academy. Some drop out, a shame to their families. They are cast out of their homes, left to beg or find work if they are lucky enough. Others die in battle within the academy. "Survival of the fittest," is the motto of District Two. My district has a long history of weeding out its weak links. Only the strongest are allowed to attend the academy, although some weaker students attend briefly. We call them fodder. They come crawling to the academy from the poorest parts of District Two, eager for three squares a day. Even if you live through the academy and get to compete at the games, the only diploma you get is coming home a champion or dying with glory. There is little tolerance for weakness in district two. If one parent is not a victor, wealthy, or highly talented only one child is allowed them. Babies that are not born strong are not kept. Children that are weak at a young age are taken to the woods. If they make it back, they can stay and attend the academy. If not, it's an easy way to strengthen the gene pool. Our mayor, Edward Coble, Catherine's father, is onstage, along with Enobaria and Erick, both former victors and current mentors. The victors in our town are well regarded, but the mentors are the real celebrities. It is a privilege to be a mentor, but the privilege is not easily won. We don't generally settle things in a very democratic fashion in District Two. Elle Goodson, our capitol representative saunters across the stage, waving and smiling. She is tall, with short, platinum blond hair and is wearing a white skirt and blazer, with a white blouse underneath, looking sharp and pristine as usual. The clock at the city center strikes twelve times. It is time for the reaping to begin. The square becomes deadly silent and I swear I can hear a hundred cameras click on. My mouth dries. I am nervous. I scan the group across from me looking for Cato. I find him and we lock eyes. He gives me a slight nod. I nod back and swallow my fear. Elle walks up to center stage and says in a demure, professional voice, "Welcome to the 74th annual hunger games. We will now begin the District Two Reaping." There is no nonsense on reaping day. They get right to the point. "First, the ladies," I brace myself, hoping against hope she will just draw my name so we can be done with it. She crosses the stage and reaches into the glass ball with hundreds if not thousands of slips in it to pull out a single piece of paper. She walks back to the microphone at center stage and reads out the name in a calm voice. And it's not me.