eagerly towards his task, the flat of his tongue sliding through the slick folds, worrying her clit with his lips. His hands moved around to the front of her thighs, pushing them slightly apart, thumbs parting her so he could see the wet, red center of her. Groaning, he buried his tongue deep within her slick passage, drinking her in. A high, keening cry escaped her lips as he slid a finger into her snug channel, stroking upwards in time with his tongue playing against her clit. Feeling her fall apart beneath his tongue was one of his favorite ways to spend time. It'd gotten to the point that he liked to see how many times he could make her come before she collapsed bonelessly against him. That was one. He slipped another finger into her pussy, pumping hard, the heel of his hand bumping against her clit on every stroke, his breath skating across the delicate skin. Her nails dug into his shoulders and he grunted as she wound her fingers around his curls and tugged, another orgasm rippling through her, the walls of her pussy clamping down on his fingers as he worked her through it. Palming her thigh, he lifted her leg over his shoulder, shifting her so that she fell back onto the bed, her legs splayed wide. He grinned up at her over the plane of her body, licking his lips to savor every drop of the slick arousal that coated his face. "Permission to speak, Mistress?" She lifted her head, staring down at him with dilated eyes, her cheeks flushed and sweat dampening her hairline. "Granted," she said hoarsely. "How many times do you want to come?" His words sent a shiver dancing through her and he watched as goose bumps erupted on her skin, pebbling down to where he stroked her thigh. "Endlessly," she breathed, her head falling back onto the bed, hips rising to his face. Peeta grinned against the slick skin, tongue darting out to flick against her clit, three fingers buried deep within her, stroking fast and hard. His cock was hard against his stomach again as she came with another keening shriek, her hand fisted in the sheets. He slowed his ministrations, using just his fingers to stroke her as she writhed on the bed, his hand on her thigh the only thing keeping her legs from locking around his head. When the wave subsided, she leaned up on her elbows and stared at him, a languid grin on her face. "Lay back, on the bed." He crawled up onto the big bed, settling back against the pillows, watching with hungry eyes as she rolled onto her side and then up into a sitting position. Sliding her legs over the side, she bent down and pulled off the heels, tossing them towards the closet. "Mistress," he called softly, watching her pad over to the small table. "May I speak?" Katniss turned to glance at him over her shoulder, her hair tumbling down in messy waves, almost hiding her face. "No, you may not," she said softly, easing the words with a smile. She turned back around and came towards the bed, a long, droopy feather in her hand. "I'm going to punish you with pleasure, Peeta, just like you did to me with your mouth." She crawled onto the bed, kneeling at the foot of it. Setting the feather down, she licked her lips as she let her gaze travel the length of his body. Peeta's balls tightened and his cock twitched as her eyes ran over him. He fisted his hands in the bedcovers as she crawled up the bed towards him, reaching for the feather. When her mouth was hovering over his cock, she reached up and teased the feather over his chest, running it gently over his nipples. Her breath was sizzling and he shifted, thrusting his hips up in silent invitation. Katniss looked up at him through lowered lashes, a wicked grin dancing on her lips. "You want me to suck your cock, don't you Peeta?" He nodded rapidly, eyes fluttering closed as her tongue darted out, swirling around the head. The feather brushed over his skin again, barely there but enough to leave him squirming against the bed. His back arched and he nearly lost it when she opened her mouth, engulfing his cock in hot, wet heat, her tongue swirling around the shaft. Her hand cupped his balls, rolling them against her palm, squeezing gently as she sucked and licked him. "Katniss," he gasped as she abandoned the feather and curled her hand around him, stroking over the parts she couldn't fit in her mouth, her cheeks hollowing as she sucked him, head bobbing up and down in a quick rhythm that had him writhing on the sheets, hands fisted in the covers. She began to hum and he groaned, hips thrusting gently against her face. "Please," he begged, "want to finish inside of you." With one last lick, she lifted her head and crawled up his body, his hands sliding over her hips, steadying her as she reached beneath her and slid down onto him, squatting down over his body. His hands moved to her ass, lifting her up and down as he pumped his hips. The wet sound of skin slapping skin filled the room, punctuated with his deep moans and her soft pants as they raced towards completion. Her pussy clenched him tightly and he felt the tightness gathering in his balls, rolling up his spine. When the first hard contractions of her orgasm rippled through her sheath, he groaned her name, hands digging into her hips as he spilled deep within her. Katniss collapsed against his chest, shuddering every so often as another aftershock surged through her. Peeta brushed her sweaty hair to the side and kissed her temple. "I love you." She lifted her head, grinning down at him. "I love you too, now let's eat that chocolate."