hair, pressing her face into her sister's side. Lizzy pulls her closer while giving everyone in the room a mortified look. "But less painfully so," Jessup reminds her. The room goes silent after that. All they seem capable of doing is staring at her, letting the silence grow thicker and more uncomfortable as the minutes tick by. Finally, a Peacekeeper comes in and tells them time is up. They shuffle out, giving her somber goodbyes. It isn't until the door shuts that Birdy realizes someone hasn't left. Katy-Jo Lewes chin quivers and her eyes shine, giving Birdy the sinking feeling she's about to cry, and she can't take one more crying person. "That was awkward," she waves a hand at the door, hoping to break the awkwardness. "The Marsens have really got to get a grip on themselves." Katy-Jo Lewes nods, the edges of her lips twitching up. "You've been a good friend, Birdy. My best friend. I won't forget you. Promise." "Thanks," Birdy sniffles. She refuses to cry, at least not until she knows no one will see her. Swallowing down a sob, she forces a smile. "Katy-Jo Lewes, will you try, when they bring me back, to make sure they put me with my family? I don't know if they might try and put me in a special plot for Tributes, I've never really heard what they do with the b-bodies." Her voice cracks and she quickly forces down the pain bubbling up in her chest. "You split my stuff with Jess. Anything you two don't want can go to the others, alright? And let Jobe know he can have my gig, okay?" Katy-Jo Lewes nods. The Peacekeeper comes back in, glaring at Katy-Jo Lewes. "I said time up. " Before Birdy knows what's happened, Katy-Jo Lewes has flung her arms around her neck and is squeezing her tightly, tears dripping off her cheeks and into Birdy's hair. "You're my best friend. I don't know what I'm gonna do without you." Shrugging, Birdy chuckles wetly. "Have a lot less fun, that's for sure." Pulling back, Katy-Jo Lewes wipes her face, smearing tears across her face. "I'll see you on the other side, Bird." Forcing her smile a little brighter, Birdy nods. "Yeah, see you, Katy" ####### "You afraid, little bird?" Crispin asks when he comes for her. His eyes are a little pink as he squints down at her as they walk down one of the back halls of the Justice Building toward the awaiting train. Her first thought is to ask him how he got roped into escorting her to the train, but decides against it. It isn't important and she hasn't got much time for silly questions. Instead, she shakes her head bravely. "Nope." His mouth turns up. "No?" "No," she sighs, musters up what little bravado she has left after seeing her friends for the last time. "Little annoyed. Had plans, you know? Frogs to gig...'cause they're pests." He chuckles. "Yeah, pests." He stops, eyes shining. "Maybe when you come back." Birdy stops too, gives him a small smile. "Don't be dense, Crispy. I'm not coming back." It's a one way ticket. More for her than most. She's small and young, the odds are not in her favor. "You might. Every Tribute has a chance." "You're joking, right?" She shakes her head. "Being a Tribute doesn't give me a chance any more than dressing like some kind of unicorn vomit cowboy makes Lineus a wrangler." He knows that. He has to know that. "Birdy," Crispin frowns at her, "listen to me." He blinks, takes a ragged breath. "Don't give up. No," he puts a hand up to halt her protest, "I mean it. You're smart, too smart for your own good sometimes. You've got as much chance as anyone. Use that to your advantage." He sounds almost desperate and Birdy wishes he wouldn't. He shouldn't pin his hopes to her. She's a lost cause. She wrinkles her nose, frowns at him. "Why do you care, Crisp?" Even if he's kinder than the others, he's still a Peacekeeper. He's still one of them and she's still just one more disposable kid from an outlying district. He frowns down at her, apparently arguing something with himself, before sighing. "You remind me of my sister. She was a Career. Volunteered. Died." "Aside from my impending death I don't see us having much in common." He chuckles wistfully. "I think it's that…quick wit." "Pity I'm going to the Capitol then, huh?" She squints. They were standing in the shadowed doorway opening to the ramp that leads up to the train. Angus is already there, looking less ill, but still sweaty. She shoots Crispin a slight smile. "It'll all be wasted on them." Crispin squeezes her shoulder. "Don't give up yet, kid." She can't bring herself to let him down, not now, while she can see him break. She'll do it eventually, but she won't have to watch it at least. Instead of telling him it isn't a matter of giving up or not, there's only one way for this story to end, Birdy just nods and gives him a smile. With that she steps out of the shadow and onto the wooden ramp, walking with deliberate steps up to the train. Lineus is standing and waving, beaded fringe on his arms shaking violently with the motion. She hadn't noticed that before. "Off we go, my little cow-patties!" He giggles as he gives their shoulders a push, turning them to board the train. Angus gives her a tight little nod and she returns it as they step onto the train. Belatedly, Birdy remembers she's only got one shoe. As she considers flinging the remaining shoe off, one of the beads on Lineus' arm hit her in the eye and she wonders if it would gain her sponsors if she pushed Lineus Flux under the train before the games even start. At the very least the fashion world would thank her.