nod her head against her chest, which rises and falls with a yawn. She pulls away, then, looking down at Levin as she begins rubbing her eyes roughly, her bottom lip sticking out in a pout. She can tell that she won't last much longer, being it's far past her normal bedtime. "Are you tired, baby? Did you want to try and sleep some?" Just then, thunder rolls in the distance, signaling an approaching storm. Levin's eyes begin to fall heavy, her head lolling forward before she catches herself. Another burst of thunder, followed by an intense lightning strike that lights up the entire night sky, is what jolts her daughter upright in her lap, her arms automatically reaching over towards Peeta. "Daddy," she whines, and Katniss allows her to crawl out of her lap and clamor into her fathers, her little arms wrapping around his neck tightly. Her voice in muffled against his shoulder as she speaks, "Will you stay with me?" she asks, her head lifting to look into his eyes. "Please, daddy?" He blinks twice before answering. "Sure…But how about you sleep with me and mommy tonight. Will that make you feel better, huh?" She nods her head slowly, resting her cheek against his shoulder, her face pointed towards Katniss herself. Katniss gives her daughter a warm smile, and she returns it, her smile turning into a yawn as she tucks her face back into her fathers neck. Peeta stands, then, lifting Levin with him. Silently, they both walk to their bedroom, Peeta nudging the door open all the way with his hip before gently discarding Levin into the middle of their bed. She curls up on herself, bringing her knees to her chest as she buries her face into the downy comforter. Katniss jolts, then, at the feeling of Peeta's subtle hand on her shoulder, dragging her down onto the bed alongside him. Peeta settles on one side of Levin, while Katniss settles onto the other. And it's like clockwork, the way Levin somehow finds Katniss moments later, burrowing her face into her hair and she scoots as close as possible to her body. She listens as Levin gives a content sigh, her forehead resting against her own chest. Tentatively, slowly, Katniss reaches out and wraps an arm around her daughters back, pulling her just a little closer. She catches Peeta's eyes then, shining against the moonlight as he scoots closer to the both of them, sandwiching Levin between them both as he wraps an arm around Katniss' back, holding her close— as close as he can with Levin snuggled between them. It's been an enormous amount of uncounted days since she's allowed herself to be touched by anyone— let alone her husband and child. And an even longer amount of time since she's been able to find peace at the end of her day. But it's tonight, in the presence of her husband and daughter, that's she's finally able to allow her eyes to drift closed, slowly, as the purply dreamland encircles her. But it's not dreams that grace her, but nightmares in which chase her through the dark of night. AUTHOR'S NOTE— (info about the reposting of this story) — I decided a few weeks ago/month ago to take down this story from my FF and Ao3 account because I thought I had overwhelmed myself. I didn't think I had enough of this story planned out, and therefore wouldn't be able to post as often as a lot of people would like. So I took it down. But now, I'm reposting it because I decided that if I take my time with uploading, I'm sure oyu won't mind as long as the chapter is good and long, right? So here it is, reposted. Nothing has changed in teh chapter, except I edited it a bit and fixed some gramatical errors. But other than that, it's the same. Be on a look out for chapter 2 sometime in the next couple of weeks. I'm working on it after I repost this.) — Thanks for understanding! — Hey you all. What a was to start the first chapter to this story, am I right? I'd firstly like to begin by thanking anyone who has made it this far, to the end of the chapter. It's a little bit of a rough start, but I can assure you that it gets better. Now, I know a lot of you are probably going to have a lot of questions, and are probably a little bit/really confused. Don't worry, all of the answers to your questions will surely be answered within the next few chapters. I would like you to know, though, that due to the extent and word count of this story (I plan on the rest of the chapters being even longer than this) that updates will come a bit slower. Also hindered by this is the fact that I have multiple other stories going on right now, and they ned my attention just as much. So even though updates may not be as frequent, just know that I'm always writing something. Be it this, or my other stories, you're always going to have something of mine to read if you so want to. Anyways, thank you for taking the time out of your day to read this. And if you did, don't be afraid to shoot me a review. They're greatly appreciated, and keep me going. It also let's me know what kind of content you may or may not want to see in the future, so they're very important to me. If you have any problems/concerns, feel free to PM me out it. Thanks!— Emily. (Also, I'll be posting a couple more BRAND NEW stories coming around December/January, so be on the look out. One is a post Mockingjay story starting with Katniss and Peeta's return to Twelve after the war. The other, well, that's a surprise ;) Thanks for all your love and support!)