might fall out of her skull. Then she went back out and faced him again. She didn't let herself cry this time. But she wanted to. When she kissed him, he stopped trying to kill her. When she kissed him, he stopped wanting to slit her throat from ear to ear. When she kissed him, it was because he'd unwittingly killed one of his own comrades. He saw as much on the video feed on that news feed that played while they were hiding in that Capitol house… He hated himself. By the time they were nearly to Snow's mansion, he was begging her to kill him. He wasn't making much sense, but then, he hadn't made sense in quite some time… By the time she shot and killed Coin, he wasn't making sense either… He must have been confused… She'd tried to kill herself with that damn pill and he'd reached out to stop her. He'd stopped her from doing what he had wanted to do for months. He's crazy, she thought disdainfully as she kicked at the wall in her cell awaiting trial. He's just waiting to do it himself , she determined. She startled awake to the sound of the shovel outside her window. When she saw him out there, she damn near peed her pants (or she would have if she'd been wearing any). Her Boy with the Bread was outside, covered in dirt up to his elbows, planting scraggly looking bushes along the side of her house. After a trip out her front door that ended moments later when she slammed the door closed again, she cried for another two days. Finally, Greasy Sae literally dragged her into the shower, turned on the water, and started covering her in soaps and lotions. After about an hour – it took longer than anyone would have liked because she had refused to cooperate and do as told – she was dried off, dressed, and her hair (what little the fire had left behind) was pulled away from her face. That ordeal was over; for now, at least. After that first shower Sae forced her into, she'd been trying to keep clean… Peeta said she looked nice when she came down for breakfast the next morning, having been invited himself by Sae… Sae's granddaughter clearly adored him. He didn't treat her like she was slow the way everyone else did. Katniss had to smile at that. Each morning, Sae stopped at Peeta's house a few doors down to ask him to breakfast that morning, and every day, he came. She grew used to him being there in the morning… Began to associate his presence with the smell of fresh baked bread he brought and the eggs Sae cooked nearly every day… Which is why it felt so wrong the day he didn't show up to breakfast. Sae said he'd told her he wasn't feeling well and didn't want anyone else to catch whatever he had… But Katniss' only thought before she rushed out of her house, without shoes and in only a flimsy nightshirt, was that he was in trouble. He needed her. He didn't need her. Not really. He actually told her to leave, but when she spitefully asked him what his problem was, he hissed at her to get out before he hurt her. After that, she stayed. Not because she felt she needed to…Just because she wanted to. Her Boy was in pain… She'd stay with him and they could hurt together. For months after his episode, he was careful around her, never too close or too far from a third person, almost like he kept that third person around as a safety blanket for her… Some stupid way to protect her from himself, perhaps. Almost a year after her Little Duck's life had tragically ended, she received a letter, the sender unlabeled of course, saying she was expected to attend the anniversary celebration of the official end of the rebellion. She broke down in tears and curled herself up into as small a ball as she possibly could; and that's how Peeta found her when he came for breakfast the next day, still on the floor in a position he thought looked so uncomfortable he'd never have been able to hold it for more than a quarter of an hour. Neither of them left the house that day, and neither of them went to the celebration. For them, there was nothing to celebrate, only things to mourn. Doctor Aurelias showed up on her front step one day. She wasn't pleased. Peeta was going back to the Capitol for a week or two for some new prosthetic seeing as he'd outgrown the current model… The doctor asked her if she wanted to come along, and when she snorted that she isn't allowed outside of Twelve, he held up a stiff piece of paper stating that she was allowed to accompany Peeta or Haymitch to the Capitol on one occasion every six months and that Aurelias himself must also escort her. She didn't want to agree. Peeta begged her not to make him go alone. She gave in. She went back there to that hellhole she said she'd never have to see again, to that place that reminded her of everything she'd lost… To the place that made her realize she loved the Boy with the Bread. HEY EVERYONE! THANKS FOR GIVING THIS A SHOT! I WAS TRYING SOMETHING NEW BUT I'M NOT SURE WHETHER OR NOT IT IS WORTH CONTINUING... LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK... I WANTED TO GET TO A CERTAIN POINT BEFORE STOPPING, BUT THEN I JUST KEPT GOING AND GOING AND GOING... ANYWAYS, I HOPE IT WAS OKAY. I'VE GOT OTHER STORIES ON THE WAY, SO KEEP YOUR EYE OUT FOR THE NEW STUFF - IT ACTUALLY INVOLVES A PLOT AND A STORYLINE AND HAS CHARACTERS SPEAKING, LIKE WITH QUOTES AND EVERYTHING - IMAGINE THAT, RIGHT?! :D THANKS AGAIN, EVERYONE! ANEUPERT