the curses from Capitol. She hasn't seen Peeta's scars like this before, and for the first time she begins to feel another resemblance between them. "See, we match." Peeta's hand is now on her breast, gently tracing the heart shaped scar over her collarbone. His hand undoes her braid, and the dark hair spills over her back. "Yes we do." She tilts her head to look into his amazing blue eyes. Behind the haunted look, she can still feel the old Peeta residing somewhere. And she knows even Capitol can't take him away from her. She moves closer, and kisses a scar on Peeta's chest. "But Katniss," She rises her head from the warmth of his chest, because his voice is full of confusion again, "What if I lose control again? What if I hurt you?" Suddenly she feels her own vision turning foggy from sadness, confusion, and helplessness, but witnessing Peeta's only brings anger. Snow used him and hurt him specifically to break her. He sat here in this very house, in the parlor downstairs where she rarely goes, and told her to convince him that she loved Peeta. It didn't work on the victory tour; it didn't work with their performances back here in the District. She knows, now, that Snow saw her true feelings; he saw her falling in love with Peeta. And then he used him, horribly. He hijacked his memories, filled him with anger and loathing, all to ruin him. Parts of him they could never change, because Peeta was always much stronger than he took credit for. She can see it again and it makes her burn inside. "You won't." she says firmly, holding his shoulders in her arms, "You were more in control than you realized," She corrects. "And everything is about taking it one day at a time, anyway. You may lose control. I may fall apart and forget to eat, or breathe again." Peeta looks convinced, because he kisses her again, "I trust you, Katniss. I want to trust you." "Always." She whispers back. She sees an innocent smile lacing his lips, and when he gazes down at her, she thinks that she has gone to the heaven. She lifts her hand, then stops when it nears his chest and gives him a swift look of inquiry. He nods slightly, smiling at the sheer joy of her; she put her hand on his rib cage, slowly spreading her fingers, sliding them upward toward his nipple, and then she put her other hand beside it. He is beautiful, she realizes, her sweet old Peeta, even with the scars, and the hijacked memories. As her hands slides upward and her fingers brushes his small nipples, the muscles beneath her questing fingers leaps reflexively and she stops instantly. "You don't like it?" she asks, looking into those heavy-lidded smoldering blue eyes. "I like it," he says almost gruffly "Just stay." "Always." She whispers, as he begins kissing her again, on eyes, on lips, on nose, on shoulders, on her belly buttons, on her inner thighs. She can feel the joy running in her bloodstream like Capitol liquor. Faces of dead parades before her eyes as she closes her eyes briefly, staring at her with their lifeless eyes, she grasps Peeta tightly to wipe them away. She feels him shivering in her embrace, when the shiny memories threaten to come back. They hold on to each other, to escape from memories and death, their tears mingle together. They cry for their past, and when they look into each other's eyes suddenly they can see the future. "When?" Katniss asks, with a fear in her mind if the answer is someday, but no. He tips her chin with his thick fingers and whispers "Now." Peeta lifts her up in his arms and leads her to the bed, he slides his hand around her shoulders, holding her breast, teasing the nipple, feeling it harden into a taut bud while the soft globe seems to swell to fill his hand… And his erection swells and hardens with it…. And she feels that thing again. The hunger that overtook her on the beach, she knows this would have happened anyway. That what she needs to survive is not Gale's fire, kindled with rage and hatred. She has plenty of fire herself. What she needs is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad her losses. That it can be good again. And only Peeta can give her that. So, when he is inside her, the universe explodes in a burst of pleasure that tears a sobbing moan from her, she feels her body shuddering again and again with the force of the explosion, she tells him. "Stay." "Always." The love of the universe shines in his eyes. She finds him sitting before the canvas again, she can see her nude self on the canvas, but this time not wrapped in a silvery mist, but is drawn in bold lines and strokes- depicting her scarred features perfectly. Even he hasn't missed the small butterfly shaped scar over her right breast. For the first time Peeta's painting isn't covered with dark, red or orange, instead she can smell happiness in the background which blends the colors of the sunset. He smiles, when their eyes meet. And the morning sun reflects upon his blue iris, when he asks, "You love me. Real or not real?" For a moment, she can see her future in those clear blue eyes. She answers, "Real." The end Written in 20 minutes. If you're looking for smut, I'm sorry it isn't of that kind. For my first ever M rated fics, you better consider me kindly. And of course, all the grammatical and spelling errors, you better consider them too. Because English isn't my native language. Reviews/ Faves…Plz plz plz….. I love them a lot. (But don't flame. It burns.)