Annie sighed. "Well suck it up, cause we have to keep our secret safe." Johanna told her as she opened the door to her sisters, then they walked in and she closed it. Finnick arrived just as the door was closing, he walked right through it. "Ready?" Katniss asked. All the girls nodded happily. She knocked on the bedpost three times and the bed diminished to reveal the staircase. Finnick almost gasped, but then remembered he was invisible and kept quiet. The girls started to head down the stairs in order of age, and their nightgowns turned into beautiful ballgowns. Finnick walked in right after Posy, the youngest one, but he was having trouble getting down the stairs because of his leg. He accidentally stepped on her dress, and Posy shrieked. "What is it?" Katniss asked from the front of the line. Finnick stood completely still, holding his breath. Posy just shrugged and already forgot about it, because of her little 5 year old mind. "I guess I'm just so excited!" she cried. All the girls laughed and continued walking down the stairs. Finnick let out a small sigh of relief and continued following them. When they got to the end of the staircase, they entered the magical land. Finnick almost gasped again, but kept his cool. This land was amazing! He followed the girls, taking a couple of leaves from the beautiful trees they passed. He had never seen trees like these before, they were coloured in gold, silver, and bronze! The girls made it to a castle and ran inside. Finnick followed them in but didn't go to the dance floor right away, he explored the entire castle. At the end of the night, the girls headed back to the staircase and Finnick followed them up, then when they got to the top he ran through their bedroom door straight back to his room and fell asleep. "Girls! Can we go see Finnick?" Annie asked the next morning. "How are you so...awake?" Katniss asked tiredly. "I wanna see Finnick!" Annie replied. "Then go! We don't have to come." Johanna told her. "Right!" Annie answered, dashing out of the room. She opened the door to the guest room because it wasn't locked, Madge and Posy left when Finnick was already asleep and couldn't lock it. Annie walked in and saw Finnick asleep on the bed. "Aw, how cute." she said, sitting next to him. "Annie," Katniss said, walking through the open door. "Katniss?" Annie asked. "Let him sleep." Katniss told her sister. Annie sighed and nodded, then they left the room and closed the door. "Actually, we just came to tell you that you can't be trusted." Clove told Annie, "You might tell him about the special water or about our dance floor. So if you want to be with him, someone else has to be with you." "Fine, fine." Annie replied. During that day, Finnick didn't tell the King about his discovery, because he wanted to see if he could get more things by going there again. That night, the same thing happened as the night before. They gave Finnick the water, he pretended to drink it, they left, he put on the cape, and they all went to the magical land. This time, instead of collecting leaves, Finnick collected beautiful flowers. The next day, Finnick had flowers and leaves that he hid in his room. He had one more night left, and he was going to go to the magical land one more time. That night, when they went to the magical land, he found a golden cup in the castle. He took it back and put the leaves and flowers into it. The next morning he would present it to the King! "Alright, everyone gather around," The King said, he didn't think Finnick found anything out, but he still had to do this ceremony. His daughters were there, and Finnick arrived holding a box with something inside, he called it his surprise. "Finnick?" Annie asked. "Yes, Annie?" Finnick answered, putting his surprise down on a table. "What did you want to ask me that night when you first arrived?" Annie asked. "Annie, I wanted to ask you this," he knelt down and began to take the ring out of his pocket, "Will you-" "Wait, wait, wait! Finnick, you're not marrying my daughter unless you present me with some evidence that you've found out what they've been doing!" The King told him. Annie sighed sadly, thinking that Finnick had been asleep during those three nights. But Finnick stood up and took his surprise from the table. "Your majesty, your daughters have been sneaking off to a magical land hidden underneath their beds." Finnick explained. The 12 princesses gasped, and everyone else stared at him as if he was crazy. "When they knock on the bedpost three times a staircase opens and they go to a castle to dance all night! I have proof." Finnick said. He opened his box and inside there was a beautiful golden cup! "This is a golden cup from the castle they dance in," he said, then he took some of the flowers and leaves out of it. "These are from the land itself." "Wow! Is...Is this true?" The King asked, looking at his daughters. The girls looked at each other, then nodded. "Yes, Father. We never told you about it because we were afraid you would ban it." Katniss sighed. "Well, Finnick, you found it. I guess you can-" he turned around and realized Finnick wasn't even next to him anymore, he was back with Annie. "Annie! Will you marry me?" Finnick asked. "Yes!" Annie cried, as Finnick put the ring on her finger. Everyone cheered as they hugged and Finnick kissed Annie on the cheek. The next day, The King announced that his daughters could still go to their magical land but only when he said so. Finnick and Annie were married that day and lived happily ever after! The End