choose them, Ma'am," Mirelle said. "Instead of chance, find those who deserve it." She smiled weakly. "I know the death count will be few compared to all there has been, but we should make sure it's really useful." Achlys gave her a small smile back. She had dreams at night of unafraid advisers. She didn't destroy or even humiliate people over honest mistakes, and yet even Fornax flinched when she frowned too hard. "I like the idea that it could be anyone," she admitted. "The fear it will create. But you are both right, we should choose the right people. The right tributes . At least at first…" She focused on Mirelle. "I read your report about tesserae fields." "For now, it's the only supplies we can count on. We'll need a full year at least to get the rest of production up to half of what it was before the sabotage began. The number of volunteers signing up has gone down by a quarter. We'll soon need district workers there." Achlys nodded slowly. "District citizen who will want tesserae rations will need to sign their children up for reaping slips. Give minimal rations for children under twelve and adults over fifty, and then only rations for worker. Anyone younger than fifty who isn't contributing to the economy in six months is to be avoxed. A thorough definition of allowed occupations, and regulations about who can remain home to watch over children, will be clear in the documents General Fornax will send you." "The whole population will sign up," Mirelle predicted. "I'll have the rations recalculated." "Yes," Achlys agreed, her mind whirring. "But for these Hunger Games to be efficient, I'll need feasts in every district: on the day we reap the tributes and on the day of victory. It will be a holiday." Mirelle winced at feast . "We'll scrap something together." "Is it to be punishment or a joyful occasion?" But unlike General Fornax, Marcus Flickerman looked excited. "Yes, that will remind them where their food comes from. Is that the message we are to give? The Districts rebelled. They almost destroyed each other by crippling production, and we kept them alive at the cost of our own lives. For this treason, and to remind them they are nothing without us, we organize the Hunger Games. And the victors get a chance to help their districts." Fornax snorted. "Traumatized teenagers. We'll make what we want of them." Very true . "We'll have to discuss details." Hunger Games. Achlys was beginning to warm to the idea. "Marcus, spread rumors, I want to know what the population thinks." "What about the more loyal Districts, Ma'am?" General Fornax said after a pause. "District One has given us no trouble since Thirteen's bombing. District Two was mostly on our side all throughout the Dark Days." "We will rig the first Games, and then we'll see if we ought to give preferential treatment." Flickerman was taking furious notes. "We'll need to find a location - the nearby wilderness, perhaps?- and equip it with cameras. We'll need an organizing team, camera crews, microchips so we can hear the tributes' words…" He turned to Mirelle. "Can you get us microchips from Three?" "I want a Capitol presence: one of ours to call out the reaped from an assembled crowd," Achlys said. "Everyone will feel involved, every child. They should be given a set of clean new clothes, something prettier than usual school uniforms." "The Dark Days left them in rags, we clothe them!" Flickerman said with a giggle. He blushed and dropped his eyes. "It's a great idea, Madam President." "Security will be a concern if we must gather the whole district in one place to watch those reapings ." Fornax crossed his arms. "On the other hand, that will draw out the remaining rebels." "We'll need a lot more television sets." Poor Mirelle was sweating now. "District Three might be able to squeeze out some thousands more in the next quarter. Is it to be a priority?" She sighed softly, the bags under her eyes all too visible. "I need more people -or mutts, anything, - to fix the forcefields around the train tracks, Ma'am. And more trains. Many more trains..." Flickerman stopped staring when he realized Achlys wasn't taking offence at Mirelle's ramblings. He cleared his throat."We do need to make sure people watch and hear what we want them to hear, Madam President. Enforced mandatory viewing... That's more the General's area of expertise..." Fornax slowly nodded, deep in thought. Achlys understood his grimace, but conventional order had failed. They had to adapt. Entertainment would become the sole biggest industry in the Capitol, and their greatest weapon. Achlys just had to make sure it did not spin out of control. She was curious to have Kaulkin's opinion on the matter. 'You'll be killing children,' an accusing voice whispered, sounding all too much like her twin. Achlys' fists clenched. Gabriel was dead. His cheer, his innocent caring personality, hadn't saved him. Hundreds upon hundreds of children were dead, and were dying still as she struggled to glue the pieces back together. Nobody would forget the children of her Games. She would make every aspiring rebel hate blood and death, and fear it like nothing else. It was Aries Kaulkin who convinced her to allow volunteers. But in the first game, she would make sure there was no one willing to volunteer for those she chose. She didn't want any of it glorified . There had been nothing glorious about the Dark Days. o~~~°¤°~~~o She had never meant for the Hunger Games to be forever. Never expected such craze . But had she been alive to see it, she would not have been surprised that those very Hunger Games eventually led to the Capitol's fall. Without Dame Selena, this story would not exist. To thank her, you should leave a review: she really likes reading them^^. So... How evil would you say Evadne Achlys is?