to make you leave?" "You loved me." I say matter-of-factly. "You loved me and I couldn't hurt you because of it. You wouldn't have been able to have a successful and happy life if I stayed." "You don't get it. I didn't need to be successful, and I was only truly happy with you. What were you protecting me from?" "Amelia." There, it is out. "Amelia?" "Think Peeta. She is ten-years old, blonde hair, blue eyes. She's yours. And I knew if you knew then you would drop everything to help and ruin your future, for us, and I couldn't let that happen." For the first time, Peeta is speechless. I see a hundred different emotions dance across his face, and the one he lands on is unreadable to me. I fear that I have finally driven Peeta completely from my life. "Amelia is my daughter?" I can only muster a nod. He takes a step back and I fear the worst. Next thing I know, I am sharing my first kiss with Peeta Mellark in ten years. I don't know how it is possible, but I start crying again, and when I look into his eyes, I see that he is crying too. "Amelia is mine?" He asks again as we break away. "Through and through. It was painful sometimes to see so much of you there is in her when you were so far away." He starts laughing as I say this. "What's so funny?" I ponder. "When I realized Amelia was yours, I could see so much of you in her. She has your stubbornness, and passion for the people she loves. She may look a little like me, but her spirit is all you." I don't know how to react to this, so I just hug him, and I never want to let go. "You should have let me help for all these years." He states. "It must not have been easy. Where did you even end up going?" "I was at my Uncle Haymitch's house until Amelia was three, and at that point I had enough money saved up to get a small apartment close to his house. Then, about three years ago, Amelia and I moved back here. I did want you with us. To be honest, I was almost paralyzed with fear for about three years. I still am. I never experienced such an intense love for someone the way I love Amelia. I would do anything for her, and if anything ever happened to her, I don't know what I would do. I couldn't live without her." "You are a great mother Katniss." "Hardly." I scoff. "You are. I have gotten to know Amelia these past three months and she is a great girl. And from what I just heard from you, you really love her." He actually gets me to blush. It's nice to hear such high praise about my little girl, and even if I had a little to do with that, its validation that I am at least an ok mother. I know Amelia has deserved more than I could give her, but I always did my best for her. "She really is wonderful. It's a miracle she didn't end up a mini-me. How would the world handle two infamous Everdeen scowls?" This gets him to laugh. "She is a mini-you." I scowl. "She inherited all your best qualities, and I know you will fight me on this, but there are so many. I mean, I don't love you for your scowl; I love everything about you, and there is so much of you in Amelia." I am reflecting over what he just said, and it hits me, "You said love, present tense." "That I did." He responds with a boyish grin. "But, how? I was terrible to you all those years ago. I left, and took your daughter with me. How could you even want to be my friend, let alone love me?" "You really don't get it Everdeen, do you? You know that unconditional love you feel for Amelia? How you would do absolutely anything for her, no matter what happens." I nod. "That is how I felt about you when we were ten and I helped you home after you hurt your ankle. That is how I felt when you kissed me at prom. That is how I feel now, when I see you for the first time in ten years and you tell me that I have a daughter. That is how I will feel in 50 years when we are both old and wrinkly. You asked me that night at prom to stay with you, and I meant it when I said always. I have always loved you, and I will always love you. You aren't getting rid of me, Katniss. You're it for me." This is it. This is the moment I have to find the courage I lacked 10 years ago. "Peeta, I should have told you this ten years ago, but I couldn't summon the courage. You were the only person, besides Madge, to ever show me kindness in school. Everyone would look down on me because of my situation, but you would always talk to me like a person. I had so many dark days where the only ray of light was you saying 'hi' to me in the hallway. I only went to prom that night because I knew you would be there. And then you said all those beautiful things to me on the dance floor. It was in that moment when I knew. I loved you then, and I love you now. Peeta, I love you." It is me who initiates this kiss, and it is unlike any other we have shared. It is filled with pure love. I don't know how long we embrace after that, but when we break away, I can see my own emotions mirrored in Peeta's face. "Peeta, stay with me?" "Always."