leather jacket on the sofa. It is met with a hiss. She pushes aside the leather jacket and the bundle of blankets until she is met with a pair of round yellow eyes focused on her with a challenging glare. "Please." Prim pleads, gathering Buttercup in her arms. Katniss frowns, and gets another hiss from the orange cat. Prim hushes him, and glares at Katniss. Katniss sighs. This feline surely knows how to gain Prim's affection. "You surely know, we can't afford pets, Prim." Katniss says before retiring into the bathroom. "I'll look after him, I swear. You won't even notice he's here!" Prim clasps her hands beneath her chin and her round blue eyes glaze with threatening tears. In an instant she looks like a child again. Katniss tries to keep her expression hard, but her face immediately falls. "Fine," she groans, disappearing into the bathroom. Prim continues watching the television and when she comes out from the bathroom, she finds her engaged into some kind of fighting movie in the movie channel. She recognizes the hero in an instant- Haymitch Abernathy. "Isn't he amazing?" Prim continues staring at the screen in which Haymitch is now smashing the villains. "I wish I can meet him." "You won't like him now." Katniss replies while toweling her hair, "After his retirement, he turns into some kind of drunken jerk." "How did you know?" Prim turns her surprised gaze at her older sister, "Katniss, have you met him?" "Unfortunately yes." Katniss rolls her eyes, smiling at her sister's admiration for the old action hero, "And he was kicked out from a bar because he couldn't pay his bills." "I don't believe it." Prim exclaims, turning her eyes to the television screen, "He is so.." "If we're there in time, he'll be behind the bars by now." Katniss grins, taking the remote from Prim's hands, changing the channel, "This is the reality, little duck." Prim hardly hears her words. She blinks for a while and then hugs Katniss, "Oh, Katniss, you're so brave. May be he offers you a role in his next film. I heard he is hunting for a new face for his next film." All he offers an old visiting card, Katniss thinks, but she doesn't say it aloud. "He gave his phone number." Prim looks disappointed, but she smiles hopefully, "But at least you met him. It's so amazing. I wish I could get his autograph. Can I talk with him, Katniss? You told he gave you his phone number." Katniss isn't really interested to increase her telephone bills in talking with some jerk like Haymitch. But looking at Prim's big blue pleading eyes, she hands her the phone, and the visiting card. "Here is his number." She warns, "But don't waste too much time in talking with him." "I won't." Prim squeals, placing a big kiss on Katniss's cheek. She smiles at her happy face while she is dialing his number. While Prim excitedly talks with Haymitch over the telephone, Katniss is flipping through the channels. All of them are airing boring movies, same old celebrity gossips and something about the newest teenage movie sensation, Peeta Mellerk. They are talking about an upcoming movie named "The Hunger Games." Peeta Mellerk is starring the leading male character. Katniss hasn't a slightest interest in them, so she flips to the next channel. "Katniss," Her concentration is broken with Prim's enthusiastic squeal. She turns to find her sister bouncing with joy, while talking over the telephone. "What's up, little duck?" She turns the television off. Prim is still smiling, and hands her the telephone. "Oh, Katniss, Mr. Abernathy wants to tell you something." Katniss looks at the telephone disgustedly. She has not the slightest interest to talk with the pathetic man again. But looking at Prim's eager face, she takes the receiver, "Hello." "You've a wonderful sister, Miss Everdreen." Haymitch chuckles from the other side, "It's good to know that I still have fans." "Prim likes everything." Katniss replies icily, she has no intention to make more bills talking with this man. "Anyways, thank you." In the answer she hears a sarcastic laugh from the other side. Katniss can't stand it anymore. When she is about to put down the receiver, she hears Haymitch's voice from the other side, "You need money, don't you sweetheart?" The single question strikes her into immobility. Wide eyed, she gazes at the receiver, and after a long moment she whispers, "Yes. But I guess you've nothing to do with that." In the answer Haymitch falls silent. Katniss guesses that he has passed into his drunken stupor for a while. But after a few moments when he speaks, his voice sounds fully sober, "What if I offer you a deal, sweetheart? To make money?" Katniss feels her breath catch at his intensity. A new ray of hope flickers in her mind. "What is it?" "I'm going to put you in an audition, for a film called The Hunger Games." Haymitch's voice sounds light, "You bring me fame, and I'll find the sponsors to bear all the cost of your sister's treatment." Katniss's breathe catches in her throat. Sponsors will bear the whole cost of Prim's treatment! Oh, my God. That means Prim will live. "Agreed." She whispers, clutching the receiver tightly now, "Tell me what I must do." "Are you sure you can handle the spotlight, sweetheart?" He asks back. His mood shifts quickly. Her footing seems to shift and she is overcompensated by standing stiffly, her hands trembling. "I'm not afraid," she says tightly. "Fine," Haymitch says from the other side. "Then pack up. We're leaving for LA in the morning." Plz, Plz, Plz REVIEW. They'll help me to write more. Every reviews will be treasured forever. And they'll bring faster updates too. It's and AU, and mostly follows the first book. But wait it is set in our world. Next chapter will be in Peeta's POV. Consider my errors. English isn't my first language.