in his truck, not wearing a stitch of clothing as her hands glided down his cock, he was going to finish before they'd even gotten started. His hand grabbed hers quickly, startling her. "Did I-" Katniss began, looking bewildered. She wasn't quite as experiencedas she'd like to be about all of this, but the thought of doing something wrong—maybe even hurting him—was mortifying. "No, no," Peeta assured her, his breathing ragged. "It felt wonderful, too wonderful. I wasn't sure I'd be able to hold on any longer." He edged back across the seat—it was more cramped in here than he'd ever imagined it could be—and shucked off his jeans and undershorts in unison before kicking them off of his ankles. Peeta had to admit that the circumstances under which this all was happening was awkward. Only a little over an hour ago, he was picking Katniss up from her boyfriend's house after she had just ended a three-month long relationship. And now, well... He crawled back between her legs, hovering over her body as he leaned down to kiss her. "I don't want you to regret this." It hurt to think it, much less say it. Katniss meant too much to Peeta for him to end up being her rebound guy. He knew he wouldn't be able to handle it if this didn't work out and, instead, ended up destroying their friendship. He needed Katniss in his life, even if it wasn't in the way he wanted it. Katniss held his face firmly in her hands, forcing his eyes to focus on hers. "How could I ever regret this?" she asked him, staring at him with certainty. "It's the only thing I'm positive I do want," she assured him before pulling him down into another kiss. "This means every bit as much to me as it does to you, Peeta," she promised. He shook his head in disbelief of how lucky he was to be with her again. He had spent so long worrying they'd never regain the friendship they once had, and now here she was, admitting that she loved him too . "God, I love you so much," he said to her, cracking a nervous smile. He reached down to fumble with his discarded jeans for a moment before pulling his billfold from the back pocket. He reached for the metallic packet inside, sitting back on his knees to roll the condom down his length with unsteady hands. Peeta positioned himself at her entrance, looking for even a hint of apprehension in her expression before he eased his tip inside her. Katniss emitted a small whimper as he did so, causing his eyes to quickly dart to hers. He paused, worried he'd hurt her and expecting her to ask him to pull out. Instead, she nodded vigorously to assure him that she was fine, and only then did he allow himself to ease into her the rest of the way. His eyes closed at the feeling of her so tight around him, his forehead dropping against her chest. He waited for her body to adjust to him before beginning to move slowly inside of her. Once the burning pain Katniss felt where their bodies connected had started to dwindle, she began to slowly rock her hips into him in an effort to match his movements. Peeta groaned, his entire body shaking with the intensity of their bodies moving together. His arms trembled as he braced his body against the truck seat at either side of her head, and when he couldn't contain himself any longer, he began to thrust into her a little more hastily. He grunted loudly as Katniss' hands grasped his shoulders, squeezing them tightly as he began to pick up his pace. When he was certain he wasn't hurting her, Peeta lost all his reserve, his pelvis grinding between her thighs with abandon. He wanted to hold on to the feeling—wanted to make her come with him—but he knew that he wouldn't last long. Not with Katniss, not when it was their first time together. The truck tilted slightly with each thrust, creaking softly with his frantic movements. Peeta mumbled something indecipherable when he finally felt his release. He came hard inside the condom, exhaling a deep breath as he collapsed atop her, bracing himself against the seat with his folded arms that wrapped protectively around her torso. His face nuzzled into the crook of her neck, his breathing still labored as he felt Katniss wrap her arms around his shoulders, pulling him tightly against her. After a few moments, she pulled away from Peeta's embrace just far enough to look into his eyes, and he smiled tiredly down at her. Beads of sweat rolled down his back, his curls stuck heavily against the his damp forehead, and below him, Katniss' body was also slick with sweat. Their skin stuck together where his weight pressed against her, their bodies still joined as one. The only relief from the insufferable humidity was the slight breeze that occasionally blew through the open window. Outside, the sun had begun to rise. Peeta moved to lie on his side next to her, pulling her to him so that her body fit into the curve of his, crushing them together within the confined space. He wrapped his arms securely around Katniss' small frame so that she wouldn't tumble off the side of the bench, and their legs bunched up and tangled together at the end of the seat. He pulled his hands through her sweat-dampened hair, which had somehow worked loose of its braid in the midst of their passionate encounter and was now a mess of tangled waves. Peeta sighed deeply as Katniss laughed against his chest. "What?" he asked her, looking down at where she'd nestled against his torso with a smile. She motioned to the yellowed stuffing, which was now crumbling through a crack in the well-worn upholstery. "I don't think this old truck can handle us."