weak and his eyes watery. 'It's nice to see you.' 'I thought I was going to see you in the city.' 'I came back here. I should die here.' 'Die?' she scoffs. 'You're not dying.' 'Oh, I am. But I should die here. This is where the atrocities began.' 'If you're going down that route, you should die in Thirteen where you planned them,' she snaps and regrets it immediately. She has always despised his self-pitying moments and has never found a way to stay silent. She always regrets her responses., even when she was a furious teenager raging against him. 'Good point, well made.' 'Did you hear one of my students came in third on the Best Response?' 'Dem told me. Well done.' 'It was all Peeta's own work.' She uses his name on purpose, but Gale doesn't react. There have been too many Peetas. 'He'll go far, I hope. Did you read it?' Shake of the head. 'Dem says I get too upset. She doesn't let me have them anymore.' Leontine has never quite managed to rouse "pity" for the General but now she does, that he lives such a lonely existence, only his housekeeper for company. His wife's death twenty years earlier started a chain reaction which was never brought under control and now his children barely even send notes via Panemail. Yes, Leontine pities Gale at last. 'I didn't do enough,' he coughs. 'There's still so much to do-' 'Yes, and we'll do it.' 'I have to leave things better than they were when I started, otherwise what's the point?' He tries to sit up but it just causes more coughing. 'Shush now.' Dem bustles in and glares at Leontine for getting him agitated. 'Are you staying long?' 'I don't know, Dem. I can-' 'She has a job to do,' Gale interrupts. 'But she'll stay til Sunday night.' Once a General, always a General. She used to hate his habit of giving orders, but has long since realised he knows no other way, and hasn't since long before he had any official rank. Obey or die is a simple rule and he's lived by it too long to know different. 'I'll make up a room,' Dem scowls at Gale, not Leontine. 'Thank you, Dem,' she says politely. Back to him. 'The anniversary-' 'I have to be there. I have to-' he manages to sit up this time. 'I have to be there and make my apology and-' 'How many more times are you going to apologise? Isn't fifty-nine enough?' 'It is never enough! I am a murderer and I must make amends.' 'You've been making amends for fifty-nine years! You don't get it, do you? You can't make amends for something which can't be undone! You can't bring those children back. You can't bring her back and you've spent nearly sixty years trying to. Which is great! Better than nothing. You've practically rebuilt the country single-handed. Panem is Panem because of you, but there is no use killing yourself for it!' Oh, the silence. She understands once more. Beetee killed himself cleanly, quickly. Gale has been doing it much more slowly, but more constructively. He really has helped Panem, truly has. She knows of three separate coup d'etats he's prevented almost bloodlessly. She knows that at times, Panem has teetered on the brink of fascism again and he saved it, without anyone knowing. She only knows because of her insider information. 'I want to come to Twelve,' Gale says. 'In the summertime. If I can.' He stayed away from Twelve. Nobody minded: they could rebuild by themselves. He might've saved them once, but none of them wanted that reminder. 'If you're up to it, General.' 'Don't call me that.' 'What should I call you?' 'Uncle Gale.' 'No.' She has not been able to call him Uncle Gale since she learned about the Massacre. She could be kind and allow it, but it hurts too much. 'Please don't ask me that again.' 'All right.' All his age and weariness and worries and guilt settle into his face and he looks even older than he did earlier, which seems impossible. 'I'm sorry.' 'That's an apology I can accept.' She takes his hand gently in her own. It is all bones and papery skin. 'You need... It's been such a long time.' 'Some things are always wrong and will always stay wrong. I knew that at the time, you know. I knew what I was doing. Not about her , but I knew. I was so... black-and-white.' She hates that he is using the same terms of phrase she herself uses, but listens anyway. 'Do you think you saved more lives than you destroyed?' she asks. Gale's eyes close. 'I know I did.' 'So-' 'Some things are always wrong. I still have to make my amends, Leo. To her . To you, to everyone. That's what my life has been since then. It was the deal I made myself, to commit an act so vile I had to give up myself to fixing it. I'll be back in the Capitol soon. We've got work to do.' Leontine knows to argue would be pointless. He is as black-and-white as ever he was, a fundamentalist to the core. She can only be grateful that he's turned this single-mindedness to positive uses. He will kill himself in the effort of making the world a better place, and part of her thinks that's the very least he can do. 'I'll leave you Peeta's essay,' she tells him. 'I think you might want to read it.' General Gale Hawthorne died in his sleep three weeks before the sixtieth anniversary of the Massacre of the Innocents. He was alone but for his housekeeper. An essay about the Massacre was found in his lap and he had made notes in the margins. Leontine Mellark accompanied his body back to the Capitol where he was buried according to his wishes, in the mass grave of the Innocents.