politely, ignoring the obvious lie. "No, no," Madge said, shaking her head. "I think I just need to rest a little. Thank you." Katniss nodded and after an awkward silence, cleared her throat. "Um, I never got a chance to tell you. Congratulations," Madge looked at her with a confused look and Katniss continued. "You know, on winning the bet." Madge snorted, "Yeah, ok." Katniss frowned but chose not to comment. After another moment of silence, Madge spoke again. "Have you done or said something so bad, you immediately regretted it the instant the words were spoken?" "Sure," she said, eyes never leaving Madge's face who continued to look straight head. "Haven't we all?" "Yeah," she chuckled out her response. "Yeah." Without saying another word, Madge finally turned to Katniss and gave her a small smile before heading into the cabin. For some reason, a feeling of dread fell over her at that moment, one that stayed with her and didn't quite manage to go completely away. The next day, while the girls were having their swimming lesson, Madge was summoned from class by the head counselor and didn't return until late night. When questioned by the girls why she was gone for so long, she just shook her head, saying she was tired and didn't feel well. The others looked at each other worriedly but let her be. Katniss herself wanted to question her but decided if the other girls could respect her wishes, so could she. Besides, she had a date with Peeta she had to get ready for. She ran as fast as her legs would carry her until she finally reached the boathouse where she could see the outline of his body, looking out toward the water. As quiet and as stealthily as she could, she snuck up on him and threw her arms around him from behind. His body stiffened when her arms embraced him, probably from being startled. "Hey," she said happily, turning his body toward her and putting her arms around his neck. "I missed you." She leaned up to kiss him but he jerked his head back at the last moment, then he gently removed her arms from his neck before turning away from her once again. "What's wrong?" she asked, gently touching his arm. He stiffened once again at the contact but allowed it to stay. "A friend of mine got fired today," his voice was hoarse as he said it but he still made no move to look at her. "Apparently, he had sex with a girl at your camp and the rumors got around to the higher ups and after it was confirmed, they fired him." Katniss froze. So that's why Madge was called away and that's why she didn't want to talk about it with anyone. "I was able to talk to him before he left. He said it never happened. She made it up. Yes, they talked and had a relationship but because she was underage, he never let it go that far. He was willing to wait for her. Can you believe that?" He scoffed and he was starting to sound furious. She could tell he tried to keep his voice calm but it was starting to shake in anger. "When they called her in to question her, she tried to take it back. Tried to say it was just some stupid bet about losing her virginity and a stupid misunderstanding. But they wouldn't listen to her. He still broke the rules. Staff members aren't supposed to have any romantic type of relationship with camp goers or their sister camps. So he was still fired." Katniss hadn't so much as breathed a word during his story. Something wasn't adding up, he still wouldn't look at her. Why wouldn't he look at her? "But you know what the real kicker was? He still wants to be with her. After she lied and manipulated him, he still cares for her. Ain't that a bitch?" he was starting to shake now, she could feel the tremble in his arm. She squeezed it, trying to be reassuring but he stepped out of her grasp, breathing heavily. "Peeta," she said slowly taking a small step toward him. "But you know what else was said, that she let slip out on accident, I think," he said, his voice once again calm. "The bet wasn't just hers. It wasn't just about her losing her virginity. You see, she was competing. She was competing against someone else. Who could lose their virginity first?" It was Katniss' turn to shake as he finally turned to look at her. The look in his eyes were full of rage and hatred she'd never seen in anyone before. "Katniss," and the sound his voice made as he hissed her name made chills run down her back. "Please," she begged taking steps toward him to which he stepped back. "I can explain." "I don't need any explanations," he said plainly. "You used me." "No," she shook her head, tears filling her eyes. "Please, Peeta. I love you." "Don't lie to me," he shouted, a look of pain crossed his face before masking it with rage once again. "What happened, Katniss? After that night, did she beat you to it? Did you wait until morning to reveal what we had done but she woke up before you? Huh?" "No, no, please," she cried out, the tears falling more freely. She sobbed into her hands at hearing the words tumble out of his mouth. "Maybe, you should have woken them up when you got back, while you still had proof," he screamed. Katniss gasped and stood in shock at his harsh words. For a moment, he looked appalled at himself but as quick as it came, it went. He breathed deeply and spoke coolly, "I don't ever want to see you again. I can see you now for what you truly are. Distrustful and manipulative. And I hate you for it."