me his own stash of knives and wood. At first I thought he was trying to make weapons, but I know he prefers carving things than causing pain and death, he knows he can't be rebellious anymore and knows he won't get away with it if he tries. Others would probably rat him out for extra portions of slop or even just some morphling and he'd be killed; murdered just for some stupid food or drugs. If that happened, then I would kill whoever was responsible, then myself. Everybody in this Shack either knows that I'm crazy and clever enough to do it, so they don't dare touch or insult him; or like Gibbs as much as I do and would kill the traitor as I would. I see Gibbs concentrating fiercely on his carving and I don't need to arouse him. He nods his 'hello' to me and continues. I spend a few moments on my bed, staring up at the one above me; I hate the Reaping. Most days I can live with, but today reminds me of why I'm here, why I lay in a moth eaten bed without a father, without a mother, without my brother. Orphaned, alone, lost. I'm not alone though, there are so many around me who can't stand today, because at some point, they have to watch the highlights; everybody has to see the highlights. If anyone doesn't, they're taken and flogged for not doing so in front of everyone in the Avox Shacks and forced to watch every single day of the games for the next couple of weeks alone in a cemented room. No contact with people outside, only food, water and the screen. It's a torture nobody wishes to endure, but still they refuse to switch on the TV which they know has only one channel. They cannot stand to see children get dressed up for their impending deaths. I haven't been hurt by it like they have, I haven't had to sit and watch as my neighbours, friends and old, forgotten school mates were forced to fight to the death in a arena far from home. I have seen strangers do that, but nothing more. Gibbs nudges me out of my daydreams and points to the screen. I shake my head and try to ignore the world around me. Gibbs shakes me more violently and shoves a note into my face. I feel cold by what it says. He was taken from his family and hasn't seen them in ten long years. None of them had been forced into the Games and only one of his kin remains, this year he's eighteen and if he survives another Reaping, he'll be able to become a lumberjack. He'll be fine and Gibbs will be able to live his muted life in peace that some other Avoxes cannot have. He will know all is well and nobody in the Games can harm his family, he can only hope that his family won't become Avox. Gibbs told them how to survive and taught them to keep their heads down to avoid death. If they're as smart and confident as he is, then I believe they'll be alive as well. The note says in his rough handwriting: " Karnack ". Gibbs' grandson that he last saw when he was going into the Reaping at just thirteen. We turn on the TV and hold each other's hands tightly as the highlights repeat. Districts flash past: luxury makers of District 1 – Glimmer and Marvel; the miners of District 2 – Cato and Clove; the factory workers of District 3. By now a crowd has gathered of our Shack, of those brave enough to watch also; fishers of District 4; the electrical power of District 5; District 6, Transport; then at last lumberjack 7. His old hand tightens on mine; he's shaking as well from the stresses of his ancient sixty years, I'm nervous too. Gibbs has had too much taken away for his hope and soul to leave now, it would destroy us all. We both hold our breath as the woman dips her hand into the huge Reaping ball and reveals – Another boy; somebody whose name I simply don't hear over the thudding of my own starving heartbeat. Gibbs pulls me into a tight hug that I return; the crowd we aroused stands before us also relieved and patting Gibbs lightly as he sobs into my shoulder. I let him, and think of what Karnack might do now he's free from the Games. Would he get married to a sweetheart? Would he have children? Children his wife and he would have to inevitably have to send into the Games? Would he prefer loneliness than having lovers? Would he survive, grow old in a place where the old don't linger? At least Karnack is alive, well and not able to see his grandfather like this; sobbing into a strangers shoulder. My eye is caught by the final District 12; I watch as the hand is dipped into the Reaping ball, it comes out, and a tiny girl called Primrose Everdeen is called. My throat closes and dries as I watch her tiny form climb the huge stairs; twelve – just twelve years old and going into an arena, to the death. Nobody can breathe in that District; they watch gawking as the mere child goes to the platform. Even I cannot help it, she's so innocent and beautiful and scared and so alone and lost. Why would they do this? Why would anyone force this girl to be killed? Why doesn't anyone volunteer? Wish granted. She steps up and forces Primrose away, she pushes her without grace and they both know what she's done. She's announced as Katniss; Katniss Everdeen. But I know her by another name, one I invented and one she won't lose so instantly. She was my final hope, the only one who could help me. She is my Killer.