had flicked Syn between the eyes and the pair had ended up chasing each other into the crowd of people around them. Skot walked alongside Nessa, their arms linked as they moved together and with his hands in his pockets, Dun walked along on the other side of Ness, her arm through his. "Where are we going now?" Skot asked as she looked around at all the packed bars and clubs. "I don't know about you, but I could definitely do with a bite to eat..." Dunamis suggested, giving a sideways glance to Nessa who was focusing on how to make her braids tickle her back as she walked. "We can head back to mine for food, if we want?" Ness asked, not wanting to end her time with Dun just yet. He smiled and nodded, they turned to Skot who grinned and yelled out to the others. "Guys, we're heading to Nessa's house... get ready to party people!" Didy and Ternity cheered as they now walked lazily up ahead. Syn and Ashe hadn't heard but were so busy chasing each other in circles that they could just be herded along the route to Nessa's. It wasn't far from The Hub to her home, after all she wanted a place close to the clothing stores. They could easily hop into a cab, but Nessa was enjoying her walk, linked in so close to Dun and she loved the buzz of The Capitol at night and so they continued on foot. Soon enough they were strolling through the park which separated Nessa's home from the high street and the stars glimmered through the tree tops. If it wasn't for the extra company of Skot, this would be one of those opportunities where neither Ness nor Dun would but could make a move. As she walked along dreamily, she played a scene over and over in her head. It'd be so romantic for Dun to stop, turn and kiss Nessa, pulling her body close to his, being careful he didn't mess up her hair or crease her dress of course. And that's where it all began... A loud crackling sound buzzed through the park, a little white noise and then the sky lit up. Across the sky was the image of a man. He stayed silent for a second as Nessa, her friends and everyone around them looked up to the vision, confused. Whenever this had happened before, it was usually President Snow making an announcement and the Final Day of The Hunger Games was always broadcast this way, but as she squinted at the bright image, she didn't recognise this man at all, who was he? A moment later and the visage began to grin, which developed into a snigger until it evolved into a menacing cackle. The image flickered a little and the crackling interference rang through the air before everything settled down again and the mysterious man stopped laughing. He paused for a second, looked directly into the camera and began to speak. "Welcome..." He said, his voice deep and powerful. "For far too long, The Capitol has flourished and grown as you all roll in your riches. Living your sickly sweet lives whilst we in the Districts suffer and work from cradle to grave to satisfy you, your city and Snow." The mention of a man from the Districts being so openly aggressive towards the President of Panem on a live broadcast, sent mutters and whispers throughout the city. "We've watched in tears every year as our friends and children are sent to slaughter in what you call 'entertainment'... what you call 'The Hunger Games'!" A shiver shot down Nessa's spine and she pressed herself tightly against Dunamis. "Oh my, how rude of me!" The stranger mocked a Capitol accent. "Allow me to introduce myself... I am Axel Kakon! I come from District Three. Formalities over." He switched back to his native accent. All eyes in the city were aimed skywards right now, people would have stopped their nightly parties, put down their champagne and gone outside to witness the disturbance in the sky. "Well, my friends..." He snuffed. "It's about time you began to work for your food." Confusion ran through the minds of everyone around, especially those who had never had to work a day in their lives. Skot glared into the nights sky, she may have had a silver spoon her whole life, but she was strong and she didn't let fear show through. "We have taken the Games Station by force and from here we have the ability to do all sorts of pretty little things in the arena... you've watched The Games, you know exactly what we're capable of from here... we could program the scenery, cause a fire, plant a bomb or create a number of Muttations." What was happening? Nessa's mind filled with a messy web of confusion she was frantically trying to untangle. "So what? I hear you say... well... here's the fun part..." The tone in his voice took a rather sadistic twist and the entire population of The Capitol fell silent as they listened intensely to Axel's every word. "We've hacked into The Capitol's network... whatever we can do inside the arena... we can now do in your glorious city." Fear engulfed the inhabitants like a tidal wave and pandemonium began. People screamed and ran to their homes. Others gathered their children and prayed to the God's to spare them. Nessa was overwhelmed with emotion and stood silently as a single tear rolled down her cheek. They watched as brightly coloured, panic driven mayhem whirled around them. Axel had gone silent with a flicker of evil in his eyes, he was enjoying the chaos he knew was erupting around the city. "Welcome... to The Hunger Games!" His malicious laughter echoed around the city once more before he mocked a Capitol accent once more. "May the odds be ever in your favour!" He snarled before the recording switched off.