see what she's been missing out on. It's nice to actually see him again in person. Other than for the radio interview, this is the first time she's heard his voice since they met up again in the restaurant. And she hears a lot of his voice, because it takes a long time for them to even mention watching the movie. There are a lot of things Peeta wants to tell her. Things about the classmates she's all but forgotten about, and about graduation and how his mother and father finally – finally finally – got a divorce not long after Katniss moved back home. And she doesn't mean to tell him about her dead father, but it slips out anyway, and he reaches over to take her hand and for some reason she doesn't even feel like she should pull it away. "And that was when you moved?" Peeta asks. She nods, but she doesn't want to talk about it anymore. He seems to be able to tell. He changes the subject without any further prompting. "Is your favorite color still green?" She actually laughs. "You remembered that?" she asks, a little amazed. "I remember everything about you," Peeta says matter-of-factly. "You're the one who didn't pay attention." She glances over at him. "I'm paying attention now." She half expects for him to make some quip about how it would be hard for her not to. To reference something about his acting. But he doesn't. He just squeezes her hand. "So . . . you meant it, then?" she ventures. It's clear that he doesn't know what she's talking about, so she continues. "You know, with the adjectives. When you were talking to Caesar." "You think I could make that up?" he asks, his eyebrows drawn together in concern. She shrugs, and he shakes his head. "Nope. I'm an actor , Katniss. Not a liar." "So, what?" she asks. "I was the first girl you ever noticed?" "Well, I noticed just about every girl, but you were the first one that made a lasting impression," he answers. She gets up, at that point, to put the movie in. When he makes a comment about it being cold, she spreads her blanket over him, too. It isn't hard for them to settle into a routine, doing things like this. They don't go out, but they don't really have to. Especially since Katniss isn't eager to share this relationship with everyone. Not yet. She doesn't need another picture of herself to spread across the internet, at least not until Peeta teaches her how to deal with it. It's bad enough when, midway through The Avengers, Annie comes home. She tosses her hoodie towards the couch and it ends up hitting Katniss. Her surprise at Katniss having company – let alone date-y company – is evident. "Oh!" she says. "Hey. Sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. This one's usually holed up in her room, so . . ." Peeta laughs and looks over at Katniss, like he's trying to figure out if this is true or not. "Well, I didn't even realize she had a roommate. I'm Peeta, by the way, it's nice to meet you." "Annie," her roommate responds, and it's clear that she knows who Peeta is, at least vaguely, but she joins them on the couch anyway. She and Peeta can talk back and forth easily about the movie, and Katniss has to actively try to tune them out. Especially when they start to debate back and forth about Thor and Loki. "Ugh. You are just like Finnick," Peeta says, and she can see the exact moment that he gets the terrible idea. She shakes her head, and he at least doesn't say anything about it in front of Annie. That night, however, is a different story. Peeta Mellark: Soooo . . . Finnick and Annie? Peeta Mellark: Annick? Finnie? Katniss Everdeen: I will kill you. Peeta Mellark: oh, come on. . . It's not like you couldn't use the brownie points with Finnick . . . Peeta Mellark: We can supervise. I'll keep Finnick in line. Katniss Everdeen: He has to be supervised?! I am seriously doubting your judgment, Mellark. Still, he talks her into it. Mostly because she's seen all of the Marvel movies at his disposal and she's ready for the one in theaters and Peeta has explained that he tries not to go out without Finnick when he can help it. Apparently, they try to avoid things like what happened when she tried to get a picture of Prim and Peeta together. She doesn't blame him, but he tries to explain that he's glad he convinced Finnick to slack on the job that night, like he thinks she's going to be offended. But she suddenly understands why Finnick stared her down so much, because when Annie slides in across from her and Peeta at the dinner they go out to before the showing, she can't help but to look at Finnick, trying to warn him. He laughs when he sees the look on her face, and then he smiles at her, and the expression is much softer than what she's seen before. "Peeta sure is crazy about you, you know," Finnick says, his voice low. There's a warning there, too. She can't help but to smile at him. "I know," she says. Peeta offers her his hand, and she takes it, lacing their fingers together and not exactly planning on letting go. Notes: Endless gratitude goes out to - Dracoisalooker76 for sending me the idea for this work as a drabble prompt, for prereading, and for cheerleading. -Gentlemama for betaing for me and saving my skin when I forgot to add the setup to a joke involving support group. - Swishywillow for prereading and for coming up with the amazing so-much-better-than-Cartlark ship name for Delly and Peeta. -Bohemianrider, Penelopeweaving, and all of the other kind folks on Tumblr that encouraged me to expand this universe.