hypothetical situation was. "She's really into this guy Thom, for one, and for another, it wouldn't be fair to her. Marrying someone I didn't love." The words make her heart clench. He must realize the way she's shivering, because he pulls her in against him, as if his body heat will help. He's cold, too. She's just wondering how much further she can make it when his house comes into sight. Can she make it to hers? Certainly not alone. And she doesn't want Peeta to have to walk to her house and then back alone. As if he can tell what she's thinking, Peeta leans her towards his house. "Come home with me." Her mother doesn't seem particularly thrilled when she answers the phone, but Katniss doesn't care, because Peeta is making a fire and besides, this means she'll get to have some decent sleep for the first time since the Tour. 08: Her mother waits until after dinner to start on the lecture, after Prim is not-so-subtly excused to go work on her homework. Peeta gets up to start on the dishes, but Ms. Everdeen stopped him. "Those can wait. I think we need to talk." It's quiet for a long moment. Peeta looks over at her, and she can tell how nervous he is. "What?" Katniss asks. "I'm not too thrilled with the fact that you stayed over at his house last night," she says. Katniss scowls. "And you can hate me for saying that all you want, but I'm not sure you two realize what it is that you're implying here." "We're engaged ," Katniss argues. "I think I'm allowed to stay at his house if I want." "You aren't married. And neither of you are even old enough to be married yet," her mother says. That's not true, though, and everyone knows it. If the Capitol wants them married before Peeta's eighteenth birthday, they'll do it. "And as long as you're living in my house, I'm going to expect you to –" "But it isn't your house," Katniss argues. Peeta takes a deep breath, and she knows that she's said the wrong thing, but she's in too deep, now. "It's my house. And if I want to spend time with my fiancé, I should be allowed to." "Peeta, would you mind giving me and Katniss a moment?" Mrs. Everdeen asks, her voice eerily calm. Katniss reaches over and grabs Peeta's hand, hoping that he knows what she's trying to say. Don't you dare leave me alone with her right now . "I . . . don't think Katniss wants me to go," he says carefully. Her mother's lips are pursed tightly. There are a thousand nasty things that she wants to say. About how she's only just deciding to be that and how it doesn't work that way. But she holds her tongue. "I'm a victor," she says instead. "And if what it takes for me to sleep at night is to lie in bed with Peeta, then that's what I'm going to do." It's quiet for a long moment. "If I may," Peeta says. "Katniss and I weren't doing anything . . . improper . . . last night. On the way home, with the way it was snowing, I didn't want to make her walk all the way down here. So I invited her in." "And he made sure I called you," Katniss adds, because she doesn't exactly want to get Peeta in trouble, no matter how much she wants to fight with her mother. "If nothing else, I want to know that you two are being safe," she says, and Katniss has to try to resist the urge to cover her ears with her hands. "I know they probably wouldn't mind it, you two having a child, but I certainly would. And there are ways to prevent –" " Mom ! No!" Katniss says, and she's leveled with a stare from across the table. "If you aren't old enough to talk about it, Katniss –" "Even if we were, and we're not, they took care of it," she says. "They . . . before the Games. We have nothing to worry about." "Well, if there's no talking sense into you . . ." "There isn't," she insists. Peeta smiles. 09: She doesn't want to like the banquet they're treated to after their wedding reception. But it makes everything else they've eaten in the Capitol look like they're been holding back. Thankfully, they only have to sit with the bridal party during the meal. Finnick Odair, Peeta's best man, is surprisingly easy to be around. Maybe he understands how hard this whole spectacle is on them. "You're a lucky man, Peeta," Finnick says during the second course. Peeta's hand reaches over to take Katniss' under the table. Peeta gives a speech afterwards, between dinner and dessert. Goes up in front of everyone and puts his cue cards in his pocket. He talks about how much he loves her. About the first day of school and every day after. She doesn't realize she's crying until Johanna Mason hands a tissue over. 010: "I think it's safe to say they're not coming," Peeta says. She thinks that it shouldn't be so strange, the thought of eating alone with Peeta. They've been married for almost a month now. But every dinner since they got back to District Twelve has been spent with her family. "Okay. Well, let's not let them ruin our first dinner party." Peeta tells her stories all through dinner, and she responds with some of her own. "You know," he says. "I think this is the first time we've actually had dinner together alone. Except for the cave." It's the first time they've really mentioned the arena, save for the moments they try to explain their nightmares. But he's right. "Yeah. Maybe it's time we start doing normal things." The way he grins is all the proof that she needs that he agrees.