had let me." Ruth laughed again. "You're just luck I never told Aunt Annie about the time I caught you and Tuck-" "Shut up!" Ruth clapped a hand over Ella's mouth. "Shut up, shut up, shut up!" Ella pulled Ruth's hand away, smiling for perhaps the first time all day. "Stand up," Ruth instructed. "Let me look at you." Getting back on her feet came as no small relief to Ella. Her legs were cramping and sore from kneeling while Ruth fussed with her hair. "This dress is too tight." She tugged at the powder blue garment, one of Ruth's hand-me-downs. Ruth pulled Ella's hair forward so it cascade down by her cheeks. "Elle, you look lovely." She took a step back and scrutinized the dolled-up girl in front of her. "Something's missing. You need something eye-catching." She thought for a moment, and then her face brightened. "I know." "I really don't need anything," Ella said quickly, before Ruth got any ideas. "Yes, you do." A thin smile came over Ruth's lips. "Just a moment. Close your eyes." Ella did so, and a minute later felt something loop around her neck. She looked down. "No. Ruth, I'm not taking it." She took off the impromptu necklace-a simple ribbon with Ruth's engagement ring hanging off it. "Ruth, Tom gave this to you. I can't have it." She thrust it towards her cousin. "Tom won't mind just for an afternoon," she said, and closed Ella's hands over it. "Fine." She slipped it back over her neck. "But just for the afternoon." "Good. Now let's have a look at you." Ruth stepped back. Ella opened her arms. "Well?" "Beautiful. You'd better not outshine me on my own wedding day!" She let out a soft, trilling laugh that Ella instantly recognized as fake. She was just as nervous as Ella. Ruth pulled her into a hug. "I'm looking forward to it so much. The whole family around, and Momma even thinks she might have some of Grandma's jewelry." There was a brief pause while they both thought about their grandmother, a woman they had never met but heard so many stories about. She had lived through the Dark Days and the founding of Panem and became a legend in their family. "I wonder what she would think if she saw us now," Ella whispered, mostly to herself. "She would say, 'Ella Gibbons, you are lovely'." Ruth adopted a high-pitched voice to imitate their grandmother, "'And you mustn't worry about the future.'" She tucked a loose strand of Ella's hair behind her ear. A sharp rap came on the door. "Ella! Ruth!" Mora shouted, her voice easily cutting through the thin walls. "What are you two doing in there? It's almost time to go!" "C'mon." Ruth put her hand on Ella's shoulder. "We can't put it off anymore." Ella closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "I know." They could no longer fight it. It was Reaping Day. "I'll be here right after," Ruth said. Mora gave her daughter a hug. "You'll be fine, Ellie." "Of course she will." Ella felt the pressure of her father's hand on her shoulder. She looked at her family, heart hammering in her chest. "I know," she said at last. "I'll be back soon." Ella found herself corralled in with the other sixteen-year-old girls, all dressed in the best clothes that their families had to offer; some in lace, but most in old dresses and stockings with runs in them. Mayor Wellwood walked onto the stage. He was a thin, balding man with a long nose and perpetual cold. He blew his nose on an embroidered handkerchief and stepped up to the podium. He greeted the crowd with a voice full of phlegm, "Attention, District 10, we wish to welcome our past victors to the stage." In the 25 years since the Hunger Games had begun, there had been only two winners from District 10. "First, Mr. Seth Keaning." Seth Keaning had won the Third Hunger Games at the age of 15, but he almost never left his mansion unless he was required to. He looked like a skeleton waiting to burst out from the yellowing skin that held it in and needed help climbing the three steps onto the stage. When the camera focused on him, Ella could see that most of his teeth were gone. Whatever he spent his winning money on, it was destroying him inside and out. "And Miss Cassidy Deggs-" Cassidy could not have been any more different than her male counterpart. She was a tall, full-bodied woman the shape of an hour glass. Her dress was cut tightly, hugging her curves and showing just enough of her breasts to tantalize the imagination. She was built to draw attention to herself, from her bright red hair down to the easy sway in her hips. She winked at the Mayor, a gesture the cameras were sure to catch. The victors were met with a smattering of applause, no more than was required of the audience. Mayor Wellwood let out several hacking coughs and began to read the Treaty of Treason. Before Ella was old enough to be chosen as a Tribute, she would stand next to her father during the Reaping and watch him seethe with anger. Was he doing it now? Or was he gloating, thinking that he had outsmarted the Capitol? "Now, the man of the hour." Mayor Wellwood sneezed again and gestured to the man sitting just behind him. "Augustus Greensaint." A tall, broad-shouldered man stood, with a face like stone and the whitest smile anyone had ever seen. At the right angle, the sun glinted off his teeth. "Welcome, welcome." He flashed his infamous grin. "District 10, your votes have been counted and you have chosen your Tributes." He walked over to the glass bowls. Each had one slip of paper in it. He plunged his hand into one with a shout, "May the odds be ever in your favor!"