would anybody want to marry a convict when they could have his loving father instead? He asked, and furrowed his eyebrows in confusion at the response. "Because when he sang, even the waves calmed themselves to listen." Five hours later, he finally understood. The girl opened her mouth and the world stood still. Even the kookaburra perched on the veranda seemed to quiet his laughter. In that moment, Peeta knew. Maybe school wouldn't be so bad, after all... 1832 A loaf of bread changed her life forever. Katniss was starving. There was no other way to put it. Her father was gone. The river that watered their crops, fed their livestock and prolonged their existence had taken his life. For seven years, he had served his sentence with dignity and diligence, earning himself a small parcel of land on his release. For the next seven years, he had poured his blood and sweat into the earth, coaxing forth just enough life to sustain the family he doted upon. Summer had come with a vengeance. As the land pushed on into the latest month of drought, the fields had transformed into a wasteland. But sun-burnt earth or not, Jesse always ensured there was food on the table for his girls – his three beautiful flowers , he called them. Even as famine threatened the young colony, the Everdeen family lacked not. And then came the deluge. The drought broke with a lightning strike and the withered banks could not contain the river's torrent. It took three days for the people of Windsor to repair the damage caused by the flood; the Everdeen family would never succeed. So many weeks later, Katniss still felt the loss of her father as a gaping, raw wound in her soul. She put on a brave face for her beloved little Primrose, but late at night she wept in secret for the loss of both her parents. Jacinta had sunk into catatonia at the news of her husband's demise and at only eleven years old Katniss had become the head of the household. She had tried, tried so very hard , but it was not enough. The rains were here, the ground was fertile again, but there was nobody to till the earth. Katniss had attempted to copy what she remembered of her father's actions, but the fields remained empty and her hands were rubbed raw. The small stores in the pantry dwindled quickly until every cupboard was bare. The last of the porridge went straight to Prim's mouth as Katniss pretended she was satisfied with a cup of steaming hot water steeped with eucalyptus leaves. She smiled, hugged her worryingly thin sister with shaky arms and promised to be back soon. This was her last hope. A vague memory filtered down of the Sunday markets in Thompson Square. She packed up a few threadbare baby clothes and started the walk into town, entirely unsure if her trembling body would even make it. She hadn't had a bite to eat in nearly three days. Rain came with a clap of thunder. In shock, Katniss stumbled and dropped the bundle in a puddle of not-yet-dried mud from the last storm. As she leant over to retrieve it, she was caught off guard by a sudden rush of blood to the head and found herself tumbling down the sloped, muddy street. She slammed into the trunk of a small tree and slowly pulled herself up to sit. She slumped against the tree and surveyed her location with blurry eyes. In horror, she realised she was in the back yard of the bakery. The baker's wife was a source of terror for Katniss. A few days prior she had been caught rummaging through the bakery's rubbish in hope of some mouldy bread to fill Prim's stomach. She managed to escape without physical assault, receiving only a barrage of choice words about convict scum . Katniss feared if she was found again, she would not be so lucky. She desperately tried to rouse her aching limbs and force herself off the ground, but her starving body refused to respond. Her father had worked so hard to provide for his girls, but now he was gone. And soon so would she. As the rain continued to pelt down upon her head, Katniss began to accept the inevitable: she was going to die lying under this apple tree. In some ways, she preferred the thought to returning home empty-handed to tiny Prim. A black fog began to cloud her vision, her frail body finally succumbing to exhaustion. As she drifted in and out of consciousness, she was vaguely aware of a commotion nearby. There were shouts, curses, the clashing of metal pans. Her eyes forced themselves open as the sickening sound of metal upon flesh rang out from inside the warm bakery, followed by a pause and then a soft whimper. The door flung upon and a young boy stepped out slowly. Katniss recognised this boy from school. She knew his name and parents' occupation, but not much else. She weakly lifted her head and allowed her gaze to fall upon him fully. She had seen his unruly head of blonde curls and stunningly bright blue eyes many times before, but the angry red welt that adorned his cheek was new. She noticed the two burnt loaves of bread in his hands, but Katniss could not manage to process what was going on until she found them landing squarely in her lap. A door slammed and by the time she looked up, he was gone. But the bread remained. Could this possibly be real? Was it simply a dying girl's last fantasy? But, no. It was real . As the warmth from the loaves seeped through her soaked dress and began to thaw her frozen limbs, a spark was ignited inside her heart. She could not die. She would not die. She would live. All thanks to the boy with the bread.