ahead and start getting ready for bed, if you'd like," he says. "Are you sure?" Katniss asks. "It's pretty early. I can stay up." He smiles. "Don't be silly. What time is it in the time zone you're used to? Midnight? One in the morning?" She shrugs, looking over at the kitchen clock that displays 7:15 and feeling ridiculous. "There's a toothbrush on the counter for you, too," he says. "I hope you don't mind sharing toothpaste." The thought of being alone –if only for a few moments – is just nice enough that she thanks him and heads for the bedroom. His closet is enormous. Almost as big as her old room, she thinks, the one that she shared with her mother and sister. It's filled with clothes, too. There are four suit jackets in the back, like the one that he had worn earlier today. She winds up finding a red plaid flannel shirt hanging up and tugs it down. Her father had had one like it, though it was much more worn by the time it was passed down to Katniss. She had even packed it, but it doesn't do her much good now, lost somewhere in District Six's train station. She digs through the drawers until she comes across a pair of black pants with a drawstring. She changes first, pulling the string as tight as she can when she ties it. She winds up hoisting the waist up above her belly button, but the bottoms still pool at her feet. The shirt comes down to her thighs, but as much as she would hate to admit it, it's more comfortable than the dress. She feels ridiculous, but she sits down on the floor in front of her mother's dress and she cries long and hard and probably far too loudly. She cries for her sister and for her mother and for the Hawthornes. She cries for the bag of clothing that she lost and for the plant book that she had left at home in the first place and she cries for the fact that her last name isn't Everdeen anymore. She finally realizes that Peeta will want to use his bathroom eventually and stares up at the ceiling until she manages to calm herself down enough. She brushes her teeth next, having a little bit of trouble getting it out of the package, and squeezes some of Peeta's toothpaste onto it, cleaning her teeth and refusing to look at herself in the mirror until she's finished. Her face is red and puffy even after she washes it, but there's nothing else she can do. Peeta has already remade the bed and changed into his pajamas when she finally emerges and he's crouched in front of the dresser, going through one of the drawers that she had closed as soon as she realized that it didn't have clothing in it. He looks up at her and offers her a smile, but it's just weak enough that she knows that he knows what she was doing in there. "Did you find everything okay?" he asks, and she's more relieved than she should be that he doesn't ask if she's okay. "Yeah, I did," she says. "Thank you." He nods and pulls whatever it was he looking for from the drawer. "I'm glad," he says, nudging it closed with his knee. It's when he opens the device on the dresser that she realizes that it's there – and that it most definitely wasn't before. He pulls a disk from the case he retrieved and pops it into place. The second that he closes the device again, music begins to play. "Folk music," he explains, glancing between her and the player. "My father really likes it." She nods dumbly, wondering what he's getting at. "I just need to grab a pillow and then I'll be out of your hair," he announces, heading for the bed. "What?" she asks. "I just need to grab a pillow," he reiterates. She shakes her head, unable to understand why in the world he would go to the trouble of setting up music to fall asleep to if he doesn't intend to stay to listen to it. "No." "No?" he asks, looking almost amused. "Stay in here," she says. "I can sleep on the couch." "I am not making you sleep on the couch. Especially not on your first night here," he says, and she can't believe the words she's about to say but she says them anyway. "Then stay in here with me." A smile plays on his lips. "Are you sure?" She nods. "Because if you aren't –" "I am," she says, her voice slightly more harsh than she means for it to be because she's nowhere near sure and it would be almost alarmingly easy for him to talk her out of it. "Thank you for the clothes." He chuckles. "Don't mention it. In fact, you should keep them." "Oh, no, I couldn't," she says, shaking her head. "I insist," Peeta says. "That shirt looks much better on you." She reaches down and plays with the hem. "Then goodnight, I guess." "Goodnight," he agrees with a smile. He pulls the blanket back for her on his way to the bathroom and she settles in while he's in there. Now that she's really listening to it, the music is strangely soothing. The guitar sounds almost like one of the songs that would be played at the Harvest Festival, but not enough to make her heart ache. Her eyes are closed when she hears the bathroom door open, but she notices the difference when Peeta turns the light out and joins her in the bed. He doesn't say anything for such a long time that she's nearly sure that he's asleep until he sighs. "I really hope you can be like it here, Katniss," he says, his voice so gentle and kind that she feels the tears pricking at her eyes again.