I'm so tired, oh god I hope my sleepless nights haven't done something to her. I'm panicking now, I know this, but I can feel your hand on my shoulder, squeezing to tell me it's ok. But I don't know if it is Cato. Her cry is ringing through my ears suddenly and it's the best sound I've ever heard. I know you're laughing at the way I'm smiling like an idiot, but I don't care, because we did that Cato, you and I. She's ours and she's ok. They're telling me she's ok and somehow, I just know you made sure of that. May angels lead you in, Hear you me my friends, On sleepless roads the sleepless , May angels lead you in I've finally settled on a name Cato. Your mother wanted something truly atrocious but I had to put my foot down. I'm sorry, but it was terrible and you know it. I wasn't sure on my choices at first, I needed to know what she looked like, what she was like, before I gave her a definite name because what if I picked something that wasn't right? And you can shut up right now, because I swear I can fucking hear you laughing at me for being one of those panicky, over protective mothers, but I had to get it right. I wanted to wait until I found the right name and now I know I have. Holding her in my arms like this, feeling her warm little body pressed close to me, it's yet another miracle I never thought I'd see. Less than a year ago, I would have scoffed at even calling her that, been sickened by it even, but now… It's simply the truth. She looks like you of course, somehow I just knew she would. They say she's small, but tough like me. But her looks are almost completely you. Sandy blonde hair, almost golden looking skin, small intense eyes… They say her eyes could change, all babies have the same kind of eyes at first, but somehow I'm just sure hers will be bright blue. But there's a splatter of freckles across her chubby little face and I know you can see my nose wrinkling at that. Of all the things she could inherit from me, she had to get those damnable freckles. It's not fucking funny you know! Ergh, but you want to know her name don't you? Even though I'm sure you know it anyway, I'll tell you. It's Malaika. Seriously, stop fucking laughing right now you shit. I can hear you, I really can. I know it's kinda pathetic and funny considering the meaning of her name, but it's what she reminds me of. She reminds me of a cherub, a sleeping little angel and also of you. Malaika, my little angel. She could almost be a carbon copy of you at the moment, your mum told me she looks just how you did at birth. Babies just look like babies, but somehow she still looks like you did. It comforts me to know that. It makes it all real somehow. I won't have as much time as I used to, to just be able to sit there and talk to you as often as I do. But you know this too don't you? I have her to think about now and to actually take care of. But I think it's about time I learn to live on my own isn't it? That's what you've been waiting for, for her to be born and for me to finally learn to live through this instead of just existing. Angels brought her to me, gave me a small piece of you to keep with me always and I promise I'll keep her safe. I know you will too, I know that even though I've learned to cope, your work isn't done. Because now you have to watch her grow, watch me continue to grow with her and to keep her safe from what we went through. Things are beginning to change all over and somehow, I think now that might just be possible by the time it matters. Your daughter's birth seems to be a catalyst for so many things. Guess she knows how to make an entrance just like her father huh? This isn't goodbye Cato, I'm still here and so are you, in some way, this is simply me living for her now. She has to be more important, she's everything to me now, but I'll always think of you and I'll always know when you're here. They say the games change you and it's true. But it was YOU that changed me Cato, for the better. I'm a person, not a twisted little machine anymore. I was broken and you fixed me, even in death you repaired the broken parts and replaced the ones you couldn't fix with something newer… Better. So while I may not do this as often as I did before, I won't ever forget you. I can't. You're here every time I look into her beautiful face, you're beside me every step of the way and I want to thank you and tell you that I know now, not even death can erase love once you've found it. Because I love you and no matter how I grow and change, I know you know that will be the one constant in my life, just like you always were. That love may change as time goes on, and maybe one day it'll be moved to make room for a new love, but it will always remain in some form, of that I'm certain. Watch over us while we sleep ok? Because I think I can finally rest properly now. I finally said all those things I should have done long ago and thanks to the both of you, I finally remember what it's like to care for someone other than myself. Goodnight Cato…