have somewhere to go today." "Ok, good to know. See you Thursday then." Clove turned then, beginning to make her way out of the hall and dismissing the still training blond as she walked thoughtfully from the room. Behind her, she heard the trainer's voice calling out in slight exasperation for the blond guy to stop training and get his ass outta there. She didn't give it too much thought, even as heavy footsteps began to sound from behind her. Given the weight and movement, she was pretty sure it was the guy who'd spent the past few hours glaring at her for reasons completely fucking unknown to her. Reaching the main door, she pulled it back, about to step outside when a warm body collided with her. She stumbled, almost falling at the weight pushed against her and narrowed her eyes at the jerk. "What the fuck is your problem asshole?" she hissed furiously, thankful she'd grabbed the door before otherwise he would have knocked her fucking flying! He glanced sideways at her and she could literally watch his expression change from outright hostility to what she could only call surprise. She barely had time to register this before he swept out the door ahead of her, leaving her reeling in confusion. What the fuck? Seriously just what the fuck was that all about? It should put her off, normal people would have probably run away screaming from the big brute, but Clove wasn't a normal person. Besides, the surprise he'd seemed to show when he'd actually looked at her in close quarters intrigued her. Oh yes, she was going to come back. One way or another she'd persuade her parents to let her train here. Making her way outside, she wasn't surprised to see that a few of the teens were still milling around, but the blond guy was nowhere to be seen. Shrugging, she made her way past the huge dark skinned guy and the happily chattering girl by his side and turned in the direction she remembered coming upon the town centre from. She didn't truly remember the way home, but she'd memorized most of the street names so hopefully she'd manage to make it through. Pulling her phone out of her pocket once more, she flicked to the photo from earlier and sighed. Well might as well let Dela know she'd made it here safe. She was a bit pissed to be honest, not once had the other girl texted or messaged her since she'd left this morning. She was tempted to not say anything just to get her back, but right now Clove needed some sort of familiarity and damn it she really missed her girlfriend. Besides, she hadn't messaged Dela either, so she was also at fault she supposed. XxxxxxxxX To: Del From: Clove Hey. Made it here safe, towns a nicey nice shithole, fucking miss u. Left the 'rents 2 unpack and found a training centre like I used to go 2 though. Every1's so damn 'friendly' here… Guess I fit right in huh? Anyway, call or text me back soon yeah? XxxxxxxxX She pressed send, continuing to walk and waiting for the buzz that would inform her the message had gone through safely and been delivered to the other girls phone and breathed a sigh of relief when it did. The other girl would reply soon, she was sure of it. Dela always replied right away and she knew she would be missing her as much as she missed the other girl. So she kept her phone out in her hand, holding it tightly as she trudged through street after street, trying not to get herself lost. Her parents were probably freaking, but they hadn't phoned yet, so that meant they were probably pissed and waiting for her to get home before slinging some sort of punishment at her the minute she walked through the door. It wasn't until she reached a street she actually recognised and not just remembered the name of that her phone finally went off and she breathed a sigh of relief. Pressing the accept button, she read the message and laughed. Typical Del. Why she insisted on using that term of endearment when she knew Clove hated it, she'd never know, but this time it made her feel better instead of angry. XxxxxxxxX To: Clover From: Dela Hey baby, miss u 2. Sorry was in the shower, phones not waterproof otherwise I'd have answered sooner. Anywho, ditched the 'rentals the second you got there no doubt. That's my girl. ;P So u're gonna be the knife wielding bitch in ur new town 2 huh? I'm so proud of u. lol Now hurry up and get the hell home and set up that computer of ur's so we can talk proper. Speak soon! Xxxx XxxxxxxxX Typing back a message that she'd be home soon and she'd get her computer set up as quickly as possible, she shoved her phone back into her pocket and felt the smile slip from her lips as she walked up the stone pathway to her new house. Well, here went nothing. She wasn't going to escape their ire, so it was probably best to leave bringing up the training thing till tomorrow. They'd only give her a flat out no right now and probably throw the papers in the trash or something. They'd moved her over four hours away after catching her kissing a girl after all, she wouldn't put anything past them after that. I mean seriously. Folding the papers in half again, she slipped them into her pocket for now, exchanging them for her wallet and not her cell so her parents wouldn't do something shitty like take her phone away to keep her from being able to call Dela or something. Since she didn't yet have a key to this place, she raised a fist and knocked on the door. Time to get used to living here she supposed…