she could handle that today, though there is a spot for spouse that's been left empty for him. The Capitol claims that the matches are made before either party has reached the age of five. Katniss isn't entirely sure that they don't just pull the names from a ball, no matter how many documentaries she's had to sit through in school about the process. Peeta slides his stack over to her when he's finished, and she hands hers over as well. This is when she gets her first glimpse of his handwriting. It's much nicer than hers. Flowing and elegant. Cursive. She didn't realize people actually used cursive other than when they're forced to for school. Peeta does, obviously, she must have a lot to learn about him. Maybe about kids from Town in general. She doesn't have too much time to dwell on this, though. There's a house to sign for, her name to change, a packet to collect. Katniss Everdeen, Katniss Everdeen, Katniss Everdeen, Katniss Mellark . Her pen stumbles on the second L, but other than that, she manages to make it through mostly unscathed. Peeta chuckles beside her and she looks up, surprised to see that he's been watching her. She knew her handwriting wasn't quite as good as his, but she can't figure out why he would laugh. "Sorry. It's just Katniss Mellark . I never would have thought," he explains. "Oh," she says, studying it for a moment and wondering how in the world it's ever going to look anything but alien. "Me neither." "It sounds nice," he announces, and she has to study him to make sure he's not kidding. "What?" he asks. "It does. I like it." She doesn't argue. There's no point, really. Peeta gathers the paper up and taps the stack on the desk to straighten it before he hands it over to the attendant, who asks if they've activated yet. They both shake their heads and Peeta is told that he may now kiss the bride , but he doesn't. Instead, he just stands there and stares at her for a long moment, eyes going from her lips to her eyes. Katniss can hear the attendant tapping his nails against the desk, waiting for them to do something, and thinks of the Peacekeepers in the corners of the room before she steps forward, closes the space between them, and practically mashes her lips against his. She doesn't think herself to be a particularly good kisser. For a few reasons, one being that what she just did to Peeta kind of hurt her face, and another being that she hasn't had much experience. Granted, Gale had kissed her a few days before he signed his paperwork. But that was almost even worse than this kiss. He was angry and she could tell. Her lack of experience doesn't seem to bother Peeta too much, though. His breath hitches, and his eyes are closed by the time their timer starts to sing that song again. They both know better than to pull away before the music is over. He smells like cinnamon and something else that she can't place. She wonders if maybe he was baking before he left for the Justice Building. He's kissing her back. She can't help but to think that she might be thinking too much. He's much more gentle than she had been. She thinks that he's smiling a little. Is that allowed? Can you smile when you kiss someone? Once it's finally over, they pose for a photograph and get offered a flat congratulations and a thick envelope that contains everything about their new lives. Peeta hands it to Katniss as they're ushered out through the back door, and Katniss can't help but to notice the fact that his timer now proudly displays Katniss Mellark instead of a row of numbers or dashes. That should make him happy, considering how good he thought the name sounded. Katniss, on the other hand, feels slightly lightheaded at the sight of it. She goes to sit down on the steps, and Peeta stops her with a hand on her arm. She jerks away from his touch, but he just pulls his jacket off and sets it down so she can rest on it. "Like I said," he explains when he sees her looking at the jacket. "It's a nice dress." He has a point. And normally, she would tell him not to bother, but Prim will want to wear this dress when she gets married, and Katniss doesn't want to ruin it, so she thanks him and sits down. It's raining, but the little awning over the steps protects them from it. She wonders if maybe they would be able to wait it out. Peeta sits down on the other side of the steps, making sure that there's enough room between them for someone to be able to leave if they had to. He's in no hurry to get going, in fact, he lets out a deep breath that almost makes it seem like he's as exhausted by this whole thing as she is. She opens the envelope, pulls the piece of paper with the keys attached out, and decides that she won't be the one to tell Peeta where they're moving. She'll let him it read it for himself. Notes: Massive thanks to Bethanie (Gentlemama on Tumblr) for betaing for me at the very last minute and for helping infinitely with the title. And to Swishy and all of her followers for convincing me that this fic was one that needed to be continued. There's a teeny tiny little Gadge prequel that I posted on AO3 ages ago (The World Owes Us Nothing), so if the concept seems familiar, then that's why. Okay thank you for reading and if you want to be ahead of the curve next time I post a fic then you should consider following me on tumblr. I'm arollercoasterthatonlygoesup over there as well. :)