that she'll give us the pleasure to hear her sing Lost In paradise by Evanescence" Haymitch says. Everybody claps and cheers for the Mockingjay and when the song begins the entire room goes silent to her song and then she starts slowly and quietly then she gets louder and man can she sing I'm totally lost listening to her voice. I've been … Believing… In something …. So distant …. As if I… Was human… And I've been… Denying… This feeling … Of hopelessness... In me, in me (Piano break) She sings like an angle but there's a hint of sadness to her voice and I want to know why but I'm cut off by her angelic voice again. All the promises I made Just to let you down You believed in me but I'm broken I have nothing left And all I feel is this cruel Wanting We've been falling For all this time And now I'm lost in paradise As much As I'd like The past Not to exist It still does And as much As I'd like To feel like I belong here I'm just as Scared as you I have nothing left And all I feel is this cruel Wanting We've been falling For all this time And now I'm lost in paradise Ohhh Run away Run away One day we won't feel this Pain anymore Take it all away Shadows of you Cause they won't Let me go Till I have nothing left And all I feel is this cruel Wanting We've been falling for all this time And now I'm lost in paradise Alone… And lost in paradise The song ends and its dead quiet until everyone burst into applause they start cheering for an encore. I'm totally captivated by this girl I wonder if I could get her real name later tonight. Rye says to the table "Hey she was the waitress that led us to our table!" "Well she's also our best friend" Jo says "so she'll come over when she's done singing her next song." With that said we all turn back to see her talking to Haymitch and grabbing the mic one more time. "Ladies and gentlemen the Mockingjay has so graciously agreed to sing one more song of her choosing this next one is called My Immortal also by Evanescence" Haymitch announces. Everybody cheers and the room goes quiet again everyone eager to hear her voice one more time. I'm so tired of being here Suppressed by all my childish fears And if you have to leave I wish that you would just leave Your presence still lingers here And it won't leave me alone These wounds won't seem to heal This pain is just too real There's just too much that time cannot erase [Chorus:] When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears And I held your hand through all of these years But you still have All of me You used to captivate me by your resonating light Now I'm bound by the life you left behind Your face it haunts my once pleasant dreams Your voice it chased away all the sanity in me These wounds won't seem to heal This pain is just too real There's just too much that time cannot erase [Chorus] When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears And I held your hand through all of these years But you still have All of me I've tried so hard to tell myself that you're gone But though you're still with me I've been alone all along (Break) So far around the room you can hear people sniffling while listening to her sing. [Chorus] When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears And I held your hand through all of these years But you still have All of me This song really gets to your heart strings and most of the room ended up crying, at the end of the song every girl at the table is crying and Finn looks like he might have shed a tear. When the Mockingjay is done the room is full of applause. She hands the mic back to Haymitch and walks in our direction. Our table is at the right side of the stage so it doesn't take long for here to get here. When she reaches the table she sees the 5 of us and looks at Jo in a confused way. "These are our new friends Kat" Jo says when she's done crying "Oh…um have I seen you guys before because you all look really familiar?" she says "Yeah," says Rye "You lead us to our table a few minutes ago" "Right yeah hello…did I get your names before?" she asks us We shake our heads no and introduce ourselves, well Jo does "This is Finny, Annie, Emerson, and the bakery brothers: Rye, Barley, and Peeta bread" Jo says. We shake her when Jo call our names and when it's my turn to shake her hand she laughs a little when she hears my name but when our hands meet it's like electricity her eye's lock on mine and she says still looking at my eyes "I'm Katniss." "Like the flower?" I ask and her eyes show a hint surprise to my question but only I can see it and she nods her head. I want to get to know Katniss maybe we can be friends and maybe she'll let me be a part of her life. 'Maybe' I think thanks for reading but there's still more to come stick around and find out what happened to Peeta and don't forget to follow/favorite and reviews are always welcome and tell me what you guys think of my other story The Accident ok until next time bye bye