hopeless. The one thing he had finally asked of her and she couldn't deliver. But he did not seem overly heart-broken when finally she suggested they call it a day. In fact, he brightened considerably as soon as they were back inside his truck, the heater working full blast. Peeta stopped the car at the local Panera Bread on the way to take Katniss home because, although he took issue with their bread-making practice, he admitted with a grin, he was obsessed with their chicken stew. As they sat and allowed the warmth of the hot soup and coffee to revive their frozen limbs, Katniss took note of how much more alive and energetic he seemed here compared to half an hour ago. She decided that maybe he really did belong inside. His eyes shone brightly as he recounted a story, something about Delly, she thought, but she found herself struggling to concentrate. She felt terrible, guilt and failure weighing deep on her heart. After a few moments, Peeta must have noticed her distraction because he stopped his story abruptly and gazed at her in concern. "Katniss? Are you ok?" She frowned. "I'm a terrible teacher. I'm sorry. I wanted to teach you, but I can't, I just-" His jaw fell open. "What? Are you kidding me? You were excellent out there, even when I was doing so horribly! I'm just no good at that kind of thing, Katniss, believe me." "No, you wanted to learn how to shoot and I let you down. I'm sorry." She found it hard to meet his eyes as he sighed and shook his head sadly. "No. Katniss, I- I never really wanted to shoot. I've never had any kind of interest in archery before. I lied. I'm sorry." Her head shot up. "Then why…" He sighed again and reached up to rub the back of his neck. "Because- because I wanted to get to know you more. And the things you're passionate about. I just wanted to spend time with you," he admitted softly. Katniss didn't understand. "Why?" "Because you're incredible, Katniss! I mean, look at you, I don't even-" "Stop! No." She couldn't let him begin to compliment her, not after everything. Kind words to build up her soul, yet another thing to add to the list of things Peeta Mellark was willing to give her. "I'm not incredible. Wh- I don't- I owe you so much, Peeta. This was supposed to be the one thing I could finally do for you." There was a moment of silence before he spoke again. "What are you talking about?" She lowered her eyes to the now lukewarm bowl of soup and fixed them on the floating pieces of carrot as she spoke. "Since we met, you've done so much for me. So much. And every time I try to pay you back, you go and do something else! I owe you so much, and I don't know how to repay you, Peeta. I don't think I can." "Katniss…" he paused, waiting for her look up at him, locking eyes with her intently when she did. "You don't owe me anything. Nothing. We're friends , we do things for one another, I don't need to be paid back for anything. You don't owe me anything. That's not how it works." "Not in my world," she whispered. He waited patiently as she tried to fathom the thoughts swirling around her head into coherency. How could she begin to explain it to someone who hadn't grown up in the Seam, in a place where every day was a struggle and every favor had a price? "Where I grew up…" she began, "Debts means death. You pay people back, no more owed . I don't know how to live any differently." His eyes remained fixed on her as they sat in silence. She began to fidget in her seat, growing self-conscious under his gaze. Of course he wouldn't understand. "No more owed, huh? Ok. Fine. There is one thing you can do for me, Katniss." "Anything." "One thing, and then, we're square. Your debt is paid in full, no more owed," he told her in a low voice. She nodded. His face remained solemn, but the corners of his mouth began to quirk up, his irrepressible grin peeking through. "Go on a date with me." Her heart began to race. "What?" "You heard me. Let me take you out to dinner and we're even." "Peeta, that's not really-" "I get to choose, right? And this is what I want. One date, no more owed. Deal, or no deal?" He waited for her response with wide eyes and a crooked grin. Her mind racing, Katniss studied him intently. Those blue eyes were filled with the same sincerity they had been that night, all those weeks ago, when he had filled her hands with a loaf of bread and her heart with a burst of hope. She thought about everything he had done for her since that night, running through the list in her mind. She recalled his words from a few minutes ago, how he had done all those things expecting nothing at all in return. She thought about their lunchtime conversations, the way he made her laugh until she cried, the way his eyes lit up whenever she walked in the room, the way her stomach flipped every time he did. She thought about the picture in her wallet and the journal in his bag. She glanced through the large glass window to the parking lot, to a cluster of yellow weeds poking up from a mound of slush. "Deal." It ended with a kiss. I now pronounce you and two became one. Lips met in a well-rehearsed encounter, cheers and smiles and flying rice. A steady beat, swaying bodies and arms wrapped tight. " Well, Mrs Mellark," he whispered, "What's mine is yours now. No more owed." Her lips met his in confirmation. " No more owed."