The girl tripped on a tree root, as I peeked at her, my hands shaking as I tried to load the gun. The blonde haired beauty started screaming, as she realized it was her end. Tears squeezed into my eyes, as the frustration and pressure came to me, as I finally loaded four silver bullets, and I clicked the trigger, so I'd be able to finally shoot now. It was too late, as the last thing she saw was me, her tear streaked face burning daggers at me, as Faer made contact with the girl. She disappeared, as I shot the Faer, the thing giving a inhuman scream. I shot it the second time, and it made no more sound. THIS IS STILL CHAPTER 4: This is the lamest one I've ever written..so sorry.. Shan puts on a smile, and I'm not sure if it's fake or not, as she bouncily walks over to me. Everyone starts chatting again, as some tend to their wounds, or some are trying to get some extra shuteye. "Hi, Nix!" She says, in a cheerful voice. Dylan put his arm around her, and I have a feeling that I shouldn't get on this boy's bad side. He was fairly muscled, and I suck in a breath, hyperventilating. "Hello," I mutter, fear clutching my heart. I only remember her...the rest of the memory was blurry, as if someone was tweaking it, making sure that I won't know the rest of the people in the flashback, just Shan. I feel as if I forgot something important, but I choose to ignore it, as I study the coal-colored floors. "Most of the people chosen for our faction die at initiation immediately," Dylan finally speaks out, and I look up, only to be polite. His nose was a bit too large for my liking, but I chose to ignore it, as looks shouldn't matter in a chance to find a friend, that can probably keep an eye out for me... "I guess I'm not most people," I say, not really knowing how I was supposed to reply to his comment. Shan chuckles, before resuming her straight face. "It looks like it," Dylan says, before leading Shan away from me. I stand there, not knowing if I should continue exploring, by exiting this room. People were emerging in and out of a wide doorway. Someone inserts something into my ear...an earpiece, I assume, from the voices coming out of it. "Zero-Four-Eight is to be checked in," says a male voice. "Faction Dwarf is trying to hack into our system. One-ten-fourteen, get your [CENSORED] in here!" Says another. "Private Chat Request. Name: Lucille. Decline or Accept?" says a monotone voice. I look around, and see that it's my earpiece talking to me. "I accept," I say, wondering where the microphone was. Then I think of the time I was blacked out, and I queasily stare at the scarlet curtains. "Hello! I'm Lucille, one of your fellow members of the Dragon Faction. I'm your new partner," says a aggressive voice, and I flinch out of instinct. "I'm Nix..." I say lamely, as I tore my gaze away from the curtains. This room was big, as I look at the scarlet couches, high ceilings. It was grand. "I assume you are in the Hangout? It's for the people who want to be killed. Anyways, go into the main corridor, and you'll find me in your new room. Oh, and I'm your roommate," She informs me, as I enter the corridor, and in a scarlet flash, I'm teleported into my new room. I blink, feeling slightly dazed and sick. "When you enter the corridor, you are flashed to your room," She says, as I gape at the walls. The walls, of course, were scarlet, but out of the small "coal" rocks/metal there is a design of a dragon shooting fire out of its mouth. The red and orange fire was probably some type of rare gem..or plastic. "Cool, right? I managed to get the reward a few tasks ago, and this was included. I got to redecorate the room," Lucille with her aggressive voice, seems surprisingly friendly. I noticed that the earpiece was quiet, and felt partially relieved by this. "I think...it's interesting," I bring myself to say, as I finally get a good look at her. She's dressed in goggles, a long brown coat, boots that reach up to her knees. Her black T-shirt was baggy, but had many grease stains and dirt. She's pretty, I decide, as I look at her topaz eyes, black hair, and mocha-colored skin. "I'm your partner in the next few tasks. We'll be having to work together, share the rewards, share our boyfriends-" she answers my unspoken questions. "Boyfriends?" I ask, alarmed by this. "Training is getting to me. I mean our weapons, although you should treat your weapon as your boyfriend. Make sure it's clean, charged, and looking cool," she tells me, and I just nod along. I continue to steal glances away from her face, as I want to explore..this...house..I mean room. This room had two beds, and all these... glittery trinkets set out on a mahogany table.. "Are you hungry?" She asks me, tying her silky hair into a messy bun. I nod, touching my greasy hair, feeling ashamed of my terrible hygiene. "I'll go cook something, while you..do your thing," Lucille says, wrinkling her nose, as she gently pushed me in front of a door, and I hear her footsteps fading away into another room, which was most likely the kitchen. With fatigue, I open the door open, and find a shower, jacuzzi, toilet, and a sink..It was like heaven, as I finally feel tears dripping down my face. This felt a bit like home, as I push a certain button on this remote, that makes the shower activate. As I stand there, crying silently, I realize, that I actually liked being prepared for my slaughter. These luxuries felt like heaven, momentarily.