I'm glad you're here, Katniss. And I'm glad you're fighting." Fighting. It was a funny way to describe whatever this was. It didn't feel like fighting. It felt like drowning. She nodded at him anyway, though. Pretended like that was accurate because it sounded a lot braver than what she was working on. He kept talking after that. Saying things that even she knew didn't mean anything. About baking and the loaves he was planning on making in the morning. And when her eyelids got heavy, he took the mug from her hand and set it on the little side table. She woke up when he was halfway to her room. No doubt planning on taking her to her bed. She was exhausted, and he looked down at her when she shifted, and his eyes were so blue, and she could feel his breath on her skin, and she wasn't even herself, not really – she couldn't possibly be – when she stretched up and closed the distance between them. It was friendly, she told herself when she kissed his cheek. But should it have made him hesitate to set her down in the bed? - "So, about these lunches you've been making . . ." Peeta said a few days later. She was glad that he hadn't brought up the incident yet. "If you ever need anything, you can let me know. Other than that . . . well, the woods are open for everyone now. Not just clever girls." What he was trying to tell her was clear and she couldn't help but to stare at him incredulously, and bite her lip to try to keep her smile from growing. He laughed, but there was nothing cruel about it. "I'm going to send a jacket with you," he informed her, already standing up to get one. - His jacket was too big on her. She had the sleeves rolled up two, three times, but they still came down to cover her hands a little bit too much. She didn't mind, though. It was better than the cold air that was coming in with autumn. How did she miss the summer? When had that happened? It took a while for her to get her bearings. To find the meadow so that she could sneak into the woods. Thankfully, the tree she stored her bow in was far enough away from the fence that it wasn't burned. It only took a little bit more walking before she reached a part of the woods that looked the way that she remembered it looking. She reveled in the feeling of having her father's bow in her hands. But it had been so long – too long – since she had the chance to shoot it that she didn't dare try it on game first, but instead on the trunk of a tree. She was glad that she did, because her aim was off. But once she got it right, things were just as she remembered them. She stayed out until dark, taking down everything she came across. Peeta would be proud, she decided as she ducked back into the District. And glad to have meat that didn't have to be shipped in, she thought, a smile tugging the corners of her lips up. It was decided. She was going to stow it away in the bottom of the icebox so Sae wouldn't use it, and she was going to cook it up for lunch the next day. If he had been impressed with the stew she made, he would certainly be happy with this. - She wasn't wrong. He had actually been waiting in the kitchen when she got back to the house, drawing something in a notebook on the kitchen table. He looked up when the door closed behind her and smiled, like maybe he had been concerned. "Hey! You're back!" he said. "How was your day?" She smiled and held the bag up in answer. He whistled at the noise it made when she dropped it on the table. "Well, I'm glad you had a productive day," he smiled. "Was starting to get worried about you." She spent most of her time in the woods after that. It made her feel so much more like this was where she was supposed to be. Where she needed to be. It hadn't been a week of her hunting and making meals before Sae informed Peeta that Katniss seemed to have it covered and stopped coming by to make meals. If Peeta was sorry for the loss, he didn't show it. He just seemed happy, mostly. Katniss could even almost understand it. Because she felt . . . something different, too. Like she was lighter, if not exactly happier. - Peeta had suggested – in a way that made it seem like it was completely her idea – that maybe she should consider spreading her game around, the way he did with his bread. She agreed. There was enough game to go around, and even beside that, she was living with a Victor. They would be set even without her hunting. There was more hunting to do, and because she was hunting more, she was preparing more game. It was easier this way. The nightmares came less at night. Probably because of how busy she kept herself during the day. How hard she was working. Fighting, maybe. Was this what it looked like to fight? The Hanging Tree had been stuck in her head all day long. While she hunted, while she gathered, while she walked back to the Victor's Village. But she didn't realize she was singing it. Not until she heard something shatter behind her. She whirled around, immediately ready to defend the house with just the knife in her hand. But she didn't see a threat. Instead, she saw Peeta standing behind her, eyes wide and the remains of what she vaguely recognizes as his favorite teacup at his feet.