away from Gale as he dipped two fingers into the food. "Hold on, hold on." She said as he raised his arm. "Let me have some, it's only fair." He mumbled, knowing about how he couldn't live without being fair and gave her a dollop. "On the count of three?" She nodded. "One." "Two." She smiled. And she flung her dollop of cranberry sauce at his face! Right on target, as she suspected. Gale growled: "Three." And threw his own amount at her face. She ducked and scooped some more up from the container which he had placed on the ground. They continued to throw small amounts at each other until there was no more and they were rolling on the ground laughing, covered in small purple spots. "We're the most un-Seam like people I've ever met." Gale told her in-between breaths. "Har, har. It was worth it." She disagreed with him. "It was a waste of some good cranberry sauce." He sighed. "Not entirely." She wiped off a bit of it from his cheek and put it against her tongue. "Bleh! Nasty! Ours is way better." She commented with a puckered face. "They may be bakers, but they're not chefs." "I bet that horrid mother of theirs made it." Gale agreed eating some that he got off of her forehead. "Sour, like her." They said in unison. "Cookie time?" Katniss asked Gale after ridding her mouth of tangy cranberry sauce. "Cookie time." Gale pulled the green cookie out of the wax paper covering and split it in half. "To being grateful for what you have, how you spend it, and who you spend it with." "Amen." Katniss agreed feeling light inside. Could Gale mean he's grateful for Katniss being in his life? She was. He was literally the only person she could confide in. She was only ever herself when they were alone. To Prim, Katniss acted like the adult, hiding Prim from the horrors of the world. To her mom, Katniss was the sullen, quiet and hostile daughter that never opened up. To Hazelle, she was the kind hunting partner of Gale. To her peers, Katniss was a closed, quiet individual that was rebellious and dangerous. If she ever lost Gale, she wasn't sure she could open up to anyone else again. If she did, she would have to, to remain alive. She couldn't really think of a world where Gale was not important to her. If there was, Katniss would sure have to be a messed up person by then. "Amen." Gale chinked cookie halves with her. He hoped Katniss understood what he meant when he toasted to their friendship. He wasn't sure if they would ever become something more, but he was fine if he was the most important man in her life. After her father of course. When they got back to Gale's house, everyone was sitting in front of the fire in the living room. Gale and Katniss helped themselves to the last pieces of turkey, and stew. They politely gathered a bowl of sweet cranberry sauce to split and then sat down at the table adding comments here and there to the funny stories being told around the room. The house was quiet that evening as they all held hands to thank the spirit somewhere up in the clouds for the beautiful orange sky that blessed them a few hours before, for the bright orange and blue fire that rose from the coals their own people had mined to keep them warm, and for many other things that they were grateful for. When it was time for the Everdeen's to go back to their home, and Vick and Rory were sent to bed, Ms. Everdeen and Prim waited by the door for Katniss to say goodnight to Gale. "Thank you for splitting the cookie with me." He said, tugging on her braid. "Shh. I don't want anyone to get jealous." She shushed him. Her hard exterior was back up, and Gale knew he wouldn't be able to bring it back down again anytime soon. He wondered if this would remain in her mind. If the possibility of them could be in her mind for the future. He realized that maybe they only shared this day the way they did was because it was a bittersweet day for both of them, and she just needed more love than usual. Maybe she was going to forget the moment they had when he told her he had been thinking about the future. He didn't think anything done today would affect her when he brought it up again. He pictured it going down like this: ' If we didn't have so many kids.' ' I never want to have kids.' " I might, if I didn't live here.' ' But you do.' ' Forget it.' "Jealousy is the worst trait." Gale told her. It's a subtle warning, but she won't pick up on it. "I'm jealous you got the bigger half." She admitted to him, eyes widening innocently. "Me too." "What? How can you be jealous?" "Goodnight, Catnip." He said as he lightly shoves her out the door with a smack to her bottom. "Hawthorne!" She shook her fist at him. "I'm going to get you tomorrow for that." "I'll put you to it." He challenged her. He watched as she got this devilish gleam in her eye. He loved the fire that he brought out in her. It made living in the Seam worthwhile. "Bring the extra cranberry sauce tomorrow." She said meaning for when they met in the morning before hunting. "The poor wasted cranberry sauce." He said with sympathy. Katniss turned to see her mom and sister walking down the road towards her home. "Yes, the poor 'wasted' cranberry sauce. 'Night Gale." And she dashed down to meet her family, puffs of white coming out of her mouth as she breathed in and breathed out. "Goodnight Katniss." He said quietly and closed the door.