the west side of the building where about a story below I find the awning. I might be able to handle a jump straight down but I know the girls can't, especially in their current state. I see a rain gutter running down the corner of the building right along the side of the awning. Hurriedly I run back to the center of the roof to find Gina trying to console Lisa without success. She was still stuck in a frozen stare. "We have to go! Now guys!" Gina worriedly looks up at me," She's not responding to anything! Kaden do something, Please!" The building groans, knowing it's on its last legs. Shaking her shoulders doesn't work. Screaming, pleading, calmly asking, smacking her, nothing seems to break her unflinching stare. "I'm gonna have to get you down first…then I'll take your sister down myself." Her uncertainty was apparent," No! I won't leave her!" Her eyes fill up with tears as she looks around, searching for an alternative. "Trust me Gina…it's the only way," I say as calmly as I can muster, hiding the stress in my voice. Tears run down her face as she turns to face me next to the edge. The scared look in her eyes makes me focus even more. I lower myself using the rain gutter and get a steady hold on a crevice on the building's side. "Use me to climb down" She takes baby steps to the edge when the building moans loudly as it shifts once again. I could feel that one. Quickly she retreats from the edge as fear seizes her. "Gina! You can do this." She timidly inches back to the edge but hesitates to lift her feet up. My patience fades quickly, "Damn it if you don't hurry your sister will die!" This seems to hit home swiftly as she wipes her face on her sleeve, stands up on the edge, her face stern with determination. She puts her feet on my shoulders. I then free my right hand guiding her as she carefully walks down the side of the building. Tightly clenching her wrist I feel her stop. I look down to see that her feet were a few yards from to the awning. I begin swinging her slightly back and forth. Doing this until I build up the momentum to what I think I need to make sure she lands in the middle. "Brace yourself! Roll with it when you land, don't try to fight your momentum," I say loudly. "You're gonna have to release your grip so I can drop you down", she pulls her fingernails from my skin. "1…2…3!" I release my grip at the top of my swing. She gasps when landing smoothly rolling to her side on impact. "Are you ok?" She readies herself to jump to the grassy ground," Yes. Now go get my sister!" I face the murky inferno left of a sky. Setting my right hand back into the crevice I began to climb. I reach the ceiling quickly and find Lisa in the same position gazing off into the distance. I run a few steps until my hands land on her shoulders. After more failed attempts of snapping her out of it I knew I was going to have to carry her. As I pull her limp body to her feet I can feel the weight is greater than expected. That along with my body starting to wear down from everything I had put it through recently. As I throw her over my shoulder I glance at the smoky sky, making out the sun was beginning to set. Each step I take towards the edge gets a little harder. Reaching the edge I kneel down and lay Lisa as gently as possible. I look over the side to find the crevice I had been using. Still crouched I face Lisa with my back to the edge. Suddenly a loud explosion followed with a shriek wobbles me from my balance as I fall backwards. My hands shoot out wildly, my right hand grazes the side of concrete. My fingertips close attempting to hold on but find only air. My right foot reaches out finding nothingness. My left hand follows my right, but hits the concrete much sooner, dragging along my forearm. This slows my momentum as I summersault sideways. My left foot follows in free fall and I can feel my arm take the brute force as the momentum violently stops. I teeter back and forth feeling a burning sensation throughout my forearm. "Oh my god! Kaden!" in the same shrieking voice I heard during the explosion, it was Gina. "I'm ok! I got it!" When my swaying ceases I use my free hand to grasp the edge pulling myself up, and then use just enough strength to flip over the edge. My breathing was heavy, the flesh in my forearm burning. Lying down I pick up my arm to assess the damage. Almost my entire inner forearm is bloody and through the blood are pieces of torn flesh. My breath begins to lighten when I notice movement in the corner of my eye. I instinctively jump to my feet defensively, only to find Lisa walking toward me with her eyes dead-locked on mine. "Where is she? Where's Gina!" she screams violently while lifting me up off the ground by my collar. "Lisa, she's on the ground, just down below." She sets me back down to the ground and almost reactively the building begins groaning again. "We have to get down before the building collapses." She walks much slower back towards me. "You go first I don't think I'd be much help with my arm like this" She steps over the edge walking on the side of the building as I hold out my right hand, lowering her as she descends using the rain gutter. She reaches full extension and then gracefully jumps to the awning without even losing her balance.