kills the girl on screen, she wishes that she could turn to look at him, but she's nearly positive that that would land the both of them in trouble. So instead she pulls her legs up onto the couch and gets as close as to him as she can. He kisses the top of her head when Rue enters the picture and begins to play with her hair, which is a good way to convince her to calm down. There are tons of shots of them in the cave. It's strange, watching her kiss him so many times. Knowing that it's what everyone else in the room is doing. To her surprise, he actually laughs when she asks who can't lie after she drugs him. She can feel it rumble through his chest. "I really should have seen that one coming," he murmurs into her hair. She responds with as subtle as a shrug as she can manage. He's tense and silent when they show her at the feast, and she gives his hand a little squeeze. She watches from some angle above as she shoves Peeta ahead of her, all but forces him up onto the Cornucopia, and starts to climb after him only to be pulled back down by the mutts. She realizes that this is close to what he must have seen when his hand tightens around hers. - The party at President Snow's mansion is exhausting. They don't even really eat; just pose for picture after picture with particularly generous sponsors. Peeta is still holding onto her hand when they get into the car to go back to the Training Center. "Someone should have told you," she says, resting her head against his shoulder. "I'm sorry." "Don't be sorry," he murmurs. - Peeta looks handsome in red and white during their interview. Her dress is another gauzy white thing that's cut short enough to completely display the new leg. At Caesar's suggestion, she curls up against him the way she did the night before. She gets away without saying a lot for the first part of the interview. Peeta and Caesar still have that easy banter between them from the first interview, and she mostly just laughs and directs the questions back to Peeta. "Well, Peeta, we know, from our day in the cave, that it was love at first sight for you from what, age five?" Caesar says. "From the moment I laid eyes on her," says Peeta. "But Katniss, what a ride for you! I think the real excitement for the audience was watching you fall for him. When did you realize you were in love with him?" asks Caesar. Peeta is watching her, now and she's not sure what she's supposed to say. The truth seems lackluster compared to Peeta's story, yet she knows that if she doesn't tell him now, she might not ever. "Oh, that's a hard one…" she starts. "Well, I know when it hit me. When you called out for him in that tree," Caesar says. "Things certainly changed at that point. I didn't let myself think about anything before that because it was confusing and complicated and I had to try to get home to my sister. And after that I was mostly in healer mode, and you have to admit that he wasn't the best patient at first." Peeta hangs his head in mock shame but she can see how guarded he looks. As if he thinks that she's going to say that it was all just an act. "I was halfway there before the feast, I think," she admits. "I'm not sure when the rest of it happened. I didn't really give it permission to. But when he saved me – with the mutts – and he had me up on the cornucopia he asked if I was insane and all I could think was that I must be, because I didn't want to go home at all if he wouldn't be there." "Why do you think things changed in the tree?" he asks. "Because . . . for the first time . . . there was a chance that I could keep him," she admits, and Peeta presses his chin into her temple. "So, now that you've got me, what are you going to do with me?" "Put you somewhere you can't get hurt," she answers, and when he kisses her, people in the room actually sigh at this. Caesar has to take a tissue out, he's so moved. Caesar uses this as a perfect opportunity to segue into all the ways they did get hurt in the arena, from the tracker jackers to Cato's sword. She feels sort of bad about teasing him when Peeta gushes over how gentle she had been when she worked on his leg. "Tell me, Katniss," Caesar says when they get around to the mutts. "How is your new leg working out?" "It's working out just fine," she says. "So, Peeta, am I correct in assuming that nobody told you?" Caesar asks. "No. Nobody did." "I hadn't had the chance," Katniss says. "It's my fault," he announces. "Because I used that tourniquet. I should have just let you use the arrow." "Yes," Katniss says. "It's your fault I'm alive." "She's right," Caesar says gently. "She would have bled to death for sure without it." It doesn't seem to make him feel any better. He presses his lips against the top of her head for a long moment, pulling her in even more tightly, as if in apology. "I'm very lucky to have the doctors that I did. Especially Peeta," Katniss says. She doesn't feel very lucky at all when it comes to her leg, in all honesty, unless it's by comparison, but Peeta didn't get to be so popular without sucking up to the citizens. "And what do you think of it, Peeta?" Caesar asks. "You're kidding, right?" Peeta asks, smiling. "It's a part of Katniss. I adore it."