are you feeling?" he asked as if he's afraid someone was listening. "OK. Why?" she didn't know what else to say. -this is stupid. I should have thought about what to say before coming here. "... You were upset... at Thoms' party." -Huh. Tell me about it. "You've seen me around plenty after that." - OK. Now you're making it like he is stupid. Great. "Yes.. but I couldn't be sure. I've meant to talk to you but... it's just difficult at school." - yeah, were we even existed to each other? "Why is that?" "... You're quite intimidating to most of us, you know." -huh. says the muscle who is the reigning champion of stupid wrestling squad. "You didn't have problem dragging me out of that stupid parlor." His face colored into crimson. "I'm sorry Katniss... if I... if I made it worse that night. I just acted ... sorry, I wasn't thinking." - wait, why is he apologizing? She didn't understand what he's talking about, but she had to get her angst released. After kicking some small rocks off the running tracks, she managed: "He's my brother. We swore each other no drugs will be allowed to corrupt us. We even shared blood." - ? ... was not about him having sex with other girls? just about the party drugs? Suddenly he felt like an idiot - he tried so hard to protect her from getting heartbroken and totally went out of his way raging against Gale and those stupid girls for days. Even more, those heart broken nights he had seeing Gale and Katniss together all the time, year after year... - what were those all for? Could she really telling me the truth? Tall, handsome and outrageously popular Gale had been with her for all those years... only being brotherly? "Like those vamp guys? Aren't those flow enhance stuff also drugs?" he managed to play it light. For some years, vampire stuff was in trend among Capitol's teenagers. Many changed skin colors, hair and teeth to suit the "vamp look". Drug that increase blood flow temporarily was also popular, for those vamp crowd used to have parties cutting themselves and drinking each others blood. It was banned by government a year or so later, for underage kids at least. Some adults were still doing those rituals. Katniss mock-threw up. "Ewww! nothing like that! Ours was a long long time ago, long before those vamp stuff... and we managed to get only 2 or 3 drops, not 2 or 3 cups!" Peeta laughed. His laugh made her stomach feel funny in strangely pleasant way. "So, what's up? What brought our glorious archery queen to humble athletic field today?" his eyes were sparkling. She snorted. "It's not like I'm that good. It's just other kids are too lazy to train, or too stoned to aim." "No, you practically broke all records, even the adult ones. That is really good." She was silent for a moment. "I heard rumors saying our glorious wrestling champion is a gay, or lost his sexual ability playing too much with toys at home." Peeta tripped on his foot, turning into crimson. "..wha...what?" "You heard me." Awkward silence. "... and what you're saying is..?" he managed, clenching his jaw. Then it was her turn to blush furiously. "I was thinking... if... if those rumors are not true..." Silence. "Those rumors aren't true." he croaked. "and if you don't have anyone to... to hang around..." Longer silence. "... I don't have anyone." barely he voiced. "I was wondering... if you... if you don't mind to be my cover story? I... my cover story just left to work in District 2." His mouth hung open at this suggestion. "Are.. are you sure?" "... Yes." "... ... ... Alright. I guess... I would... I mean, I'd like to hang out with you." A bit of more silence, but with a great sense of relief. "OK, Deal." Tired Ms Everdeen found her older daughter waiting for her at her suit. Katniss looked somewhat uncomfortable. "I'd like to get those shots you suggested last May, mom." "Oh…OK…" Ms Everdeen was not expecting that . "… could... may I ask if you are getting it for someone specific?" Katniss's face reddened quickly. "Nobody, mom. It's not like I have a boyfriend or anything. Just a cover story for school crowd." She sighed. "..So… there is a person then?" Damn mothers. "Yeah. Whatever. The Mellark boy." She spat. "M… Mellark boys? Arn't they a lot older than you?" Moms' eyes widened in horror. "No mom, not those older ones. The youngest one. He's in same class with me. He's not too bad. And even the older ones don't look like Brutus anymore." "Oh yeah. OK..." Remembering, mom sighed in relief. "Of course. Sure I met the oldest in some function last week. He seemed have grown out of that macho stuff, actually." "Yeah, whatever. Just get me that shot now." A/N: ahhh this story supposed to be a quick one shot thing, but it got too long... I'll stop here for now... didn't even have chance to show some of the hideously lame names :p Sorry for not updating "Coming Home", I'm trying to get Betas to help me, so it's holding up a bit until I get lovely people to proof read my embarrassing stories... please be patient, if you're following Coming Home. I found it's also a bit depressing writing a story with District 13 as background. Life with fixed schedules in underground bunkers sucks. This story was my quick attempt to get some fresh air of Capitol's luxurious and wild life! Hope you enjoyed it. I might continue this story if it's received well ... it suppose to have more rebel element in it (see the title) but I haven't reached that far yet. I may re-upload this one too, if I get mercy from my new Betas... please send me messages if you're interested to help me!