where is he going, what's happening — when Finnick hugs her (she barely registers it) and then he's gone too. That's when Annie starts to scream again. Annie has been silent for hours now. She's back at the Capitol and the memories resurface so fast they almost knock Annie over. They are whipping her, slapping her, slashing daggers at her skin and it hurts but Annie doesn't dare open her mouth because she knows; they want to use her as a weapon to get Finnick to come and rescue her but Finnick is not coming here, no. The pain is afresh each time but Annie pretends (she always liked pretending) that this is all an illusion and soon, the pain will go away and things will be okay again. Annie doesn't remember much about okay but she thinks it means the days when she was a just a child and the Hunger Games were not real for Finnick and her. She hopes her eyes will send a silent message and he will know to stay where he is, safe and sound. He deserves happiness too. Things seem okay again. Annie is wearing a borrowed dress and her hair has been braided messily but she has never looked better or felt any happier because today she's marrying Finnick. The storm rages on and the sun is hidden by the clouds but the day doesn't have to be bright for it to be a good one. She's standing on the aisle and so is he; the fears that once penetrated her mind are gone and she feels like this is a fresh start, a clean slate. People in the background are clapping and though many of them wear fake smiles, Annie sees them, only them. The wedding is formal, like the kind she had once seen on tv, but when all the hustle and partying has died down, Finnick takes her to the seaside — a reminder that this is not just a contrived plan but something special. Something that's only them. The sea is familiar even though District Thirteen is not and today, the sea is loud and turbulent as if it too is revolting against the Capitol and the blood that has been spilled on it's waters. "You saved me from myself," Annie says, watching as the angry waves beat down on the shore, inches away from where they both stand. "I probably wouldn't be here right now if it wasn't for you." Finnick smiles softly. "Yeah, neither would I." They end up soaking their clothes because regardless of the strong tide, the fresh and intoxicating smell of the sea is irresistible and water is both cleansing and refreshing, just what Annie needs. Finnick beats her in their small race and makes a huge deal out it, prompting her laughter. It's reminiscent of old times and Annie wants to hold on to this golden time she has because something tells her it'll all be over too soon. As always, her predictions come true. It's not a good bye , Finnick has insisted but Annie knows that it is. She doesn't know much about what has been happening around her but what she does know is that her hand will no longer be entwined with Finnick's and he's leaving for a war. War is never good, Annie knows that much too. "Just you wait, I'll be back before you even know it." Finnick says jokingly, and hugs her once again before he's gone, blurring in with the others all dressed in green and yet, his last smile remains etched in her mind. Annie has been waiting and she's ready to wait for as long as it takes — waiting is something she's quite familiar with. One day, when time has stopped making sense to her, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark shows up at her door and Annie wants to ask about Finnick but she can tell something is wrong before the words even leave her lips. Her eyes search Katniss' void expression for an answer, a confirmation, and Katniss opens her mouth as if to say something but closes it again abruptly; Peeta attempts to speak but falls silent as Katniss looks up again. "I'm sorry." She finally chokes out and for a second, her composed mask crumbles but then she's gone — out the door, running across the jagged cobblestone path that leads to the forest and disappearing behind the tall trees. It's only when many minutes have passed does Annie finally register what has happened. Their story never really got a chance, did it? Annie thinks her son is the most beautiful thing she has ever seen. Sometimes looking into his green eyes, fondling his blonde hair or hearing his tinkering laugh is painful but most days when she is with him, Annie is reminded of her own childhood, of good days spent playing and laughing. So Annie swears that her little James Odair will never have to grow up and face the problems that she had to face. He will stay golden forever. Some days, James asks her where's Daddy? and Annie cries. There are no pictures, no token, nothing — nothing to look at but the turquoise waves as a reminder of Finnick. They haven't preserved much from the revolution; Johanna says it's time for a new beginning and while playing with James, Annie forgets. Forgetting is nice. He's like her Finnick because with him, it's bliss and this time she doesn't have to pretend because things are actually okay and will stay that way. Many days, Annie wishes Finnick were here because he deserved to see his son and James doesn't deserve to live without a father, either, but James doesn't know the full story and never will. James bounds over, his yellow curls billowing in the wind and childlike delight reflected on his small face. "When I grow up, I want to be just like daddy!" It's not happiness, not yet, but it is something.