I grab at his arm, trying to pull it off me. "Katniss dear" I hear my stepmothers evil voice sneer. "Would you like to explain where you have been this whole time, and why you returned with no berries?" I open my mouth to explain but the tight hold on my throat causes me to only whimper as I grab at the unknown man's arm. "Katniss!" I hear Peeta's strangled voice call out from the doorway. His face full of anger and shock. "Well if it isn't the prince" she smirks. I hear myself gasp as I struggle for air. "Please" Peeta begs, pain and panic flooding his voice as he stares at me in anguish. "So you've been acting frivolous with the prince have you?" She addresses me. "I thought I told you to go find berries." "I did" I rasp, "there were none." "Please" she scoffs. "Let her go" Peeta begs. My eyes flick between him and my mother as they stare each other down. "Okay" she says, almost too easily. It only makes me suspicious. The man lets me go and I immediately slump against the wall, falling into Peeta's arms as he darts forward and I gasp for air. Once I have composed myself enough I stand up, Peeta's arm stays wrapped around my waist though. "Your not staying here" he whispers in my ear. I nod because that previous event not only scared me slightly but also confused me immensely. I take his hand and pull him past the prying eyes of my step mother and the strange man as I lead him to my basement bedroom. "This is your room?" He asks, his voice pained as he looks at my shabby room. I nod as I gather up the few possessions I have left. My mothers locket included. I look around, realising that I'm not going to miss this place at all. "Come on" I mutter, leading him back up the stairs. "Oh my, it's the prince" I hear an excited giggle. I turn and glare at Glimmer. I see Clove emerge from the side room, her face lighting up. "You must be here for one of us, there's no way you would be here to ask poor Katniss to marry you, I mean look at her" she scoffs. "Um actually, I am here for Katniss" he says awkwardly. Just to prove that he's mine and they can't have him, I reach out and take his hand, tucking myself against his side. I don't know where it came from, I've never been this type of girl but suddenly I feel the need to let them know that Peeta doesn't want them. They stare at us shocked, their eyes flitting quickly between our faces and our joined hands. "Lets go" I mutter and pull Peeta along, I can practically hear the shocked emotions raging out of my step sisters. We pass my stepmother and the man on our way out, I feel like snapping something rude at her but I know that will get me nowhere in life. Instead I walk right past her, chin held high as though everything she did never affected me. I couldn't be more wrong. There's something comforting about the thought of staying with Peeta. I don't know if it's because he has a calming element to his disposition. Or if it's simply just me being able to recognise the fact that I don't have to see my horrible step family again. At least not at this point of time. Peeta has been nothing but kind to me ever since I came to live with him. His family, while his mother is a little on the rough side, have being exceedingly welcoming. His younger brother, it seems, has taken up a particular interest in teasing us, letting us know at every opportunity that we are so cute together and that we should make some babies. A totally inappropriate topic to bring up, especially in this day and age. It's four weeks after I've been living here when I first wake up from a horrifying nightmare. I've been having small nightmares, but never ones to this degree. Never ones that makes me wake up screaming, covered in sweat and crying for my dead parents. Never one that makes Peeta come running into my room, panic draw across his face as the door slams open. "I'm sorry" I gasp through my tears. "It was just as dream." "Hey no it's okay" he says as he comes over and brushes some hair back from my face. "Are you okay now?" He asks softly. I shake my head, "can you stay with me?" I hate that my voice sounds so small, but it's all I can do not to completely break down. "Yeah of course," he climbs under the covers and I curl up against his side. "Always" he murmurs as he kisses my hair softly. "I love you" I murmur, and the freeze. I hadn't meant for it to come out, it was just something I had been thinking about over the past few weeks. I feel his breathing hitch and then it goes back to normal. "I love you too, you know," I can practically hear the smile in his voice and suddenly I realise that this is right. Nothing else seems to ever be, but we are. I close my eyes and within seconds I am back asleep, this time dreaming of a future, a future of a meadow and dandelions, and two children playing in the sunshine. One with blond hair and the other with a long dark braid; and when I look down, the sun catches on my wedding ring as it sparkles in the sun. And nothing else has ever felt so right. So this was the first one-shot I've ever done. Let me know what you thought and if you guys would like more one-shots to come in the future... They might improve overtime...hopefully. Let me know!