hunting partner but he became a friend, and then a confidant and now there is no word to describe what he is to me. All I actually know and can voice in words is that he's more to me than any other human being on this planet. I think back to eight or so months ago when I was over at his house and he was out in the backyard with Rory and Vick messing around. Hazel had just handed me a mug of tea and sat down in front of me at the kitchen table. "You know what I've noticed Katniss?" She asked. "Hmm?" I was still watching Gale interacting with his siblings. Whenever I saw him with them I would realize how amazing a father he would be. I was going to be envious of the lucky girl who ended up with him. "Katniss." She called and I tore my gaze away from the scene. "Yeah?" "Do you know what I've been noticing?" She had repeated. "What?" "You and Gale have a connection most couples don't even have." My eyes had widened. Oh god, not this conversation again. I had thought, but not very seriously. As much as I hate to admit, I actually really liked hearing what other people thought about me and Gale. It was really interesting hearing how people thought my life was going to be. I had let her continue. "I think if you two were ever to explore that direction, you both would be extremely happy." "I think so too." I had let it slip out. I seriously wanted to wipe that smirk off of Hazel's face. Hazel had been on to something back then… and I guess I'm finally starting to realize that she's right. Gale and I would make a great couple. And suddenly… I started humming. "Catnip?" I looked straight into those impossibly light blue eyes and smiled. "Gale." My voice was inviting and strangely gooey. "Catnip? Are you okay?" His voice was concerned and I laughed loudly with a huge smile on my face and tears glistening in my eyes. I didn't even realize I had been crying. "You're the one who's been dead to the world for hours and you're asking me if I'm okay?" I laughed again. This is why I love him. I added easily. But then I realized I had thought that so easily when I few minutes ago I was barely thinking about him and just thinking about Snow and District 13. "I'm fine Gale, I'm completely fine." But unfortunately my voice cracked on his name. He struggled to move and I tried to keep him still. "Don't move Gale." I ordered him. "Let the medicine set." He didn't try to get up anymore but he brought his other arm around to stroke my cheek. "I don't think you're fine." He said in a small voice. "You're not either." I pointed out. He nodded. "But I'm fine physically." "What?" He was not in good condition. His back was literally a slab of meat. I was surprised he was even talking right now. The pain had to have been unbearable. "Emotionally, I'm actually unsettled." "What do you mean?" I reached out and stroked his chin. What the hell Katniss? I asked myself while enjoying the rough feel of his stubble. It seemed that Gale is also questioning my motives but somehow pleased by it. "Are you also on morphling right now?" He mused with a laugh and I shook my head placing my hand down gently on his arm where my head was laying. "I mean that I found out that you knew I loved you, but I still don't know if you love me." My high spirit immediately ceases. "Oh." I sigh. "That." "I just need clarification Katniss." ... And he sounds so tired as he says it, that I have to tell him to take it easy. "Gale you need to get better as fast as possible. We can talk about this later when you have more energy. You should rest." "We can't talk about this later. It's a pressing issue and I won't be able to sleep without an answer." I stop and chew my lip thoughtfully. I can't answer him tonight, even though I've had my epiphany I still don't have an actual coherent answer about how I feel for him. I want to tell him how much I care about him. That I do love him but this just isn't the right moment, it isn't the right setting. His gaze focuses on my lips and he sucks in his breath. "Gale," I start almost warning. "Please Katniss." He begs looking back into my eyes again. "It sucks not knowing." He says with an underlying tone of anger. "When I said 'I know' it was because," I stopped. "Kat," He gritted his teeth again. "I love you." "I was in shock. I've always known that you've loved me; it was just entirely different hearing you say it out loud. I love you too you know?" The smile that broke through his face was the most brilliant thing I had ever seen. "I know." And I smiled too. The hand that was resting against my cheek cupped around the back of my head and he brought me closer to him. A little awkwardly he brought my lips down to his and pressed them gently against his. "That was sweet." I noted with a small bit lipped grin. He chuckled. He sounded so much better than a few minutes ago and after relishing the kiss I now started relishing his health… and the fact that I'm the one who's making him heal so much faster. "It was sweet," he agreed. "… but the next one is going to be so much better." I put my head back down next to his and just gazed into his eyes because I didn't want to admit that I was actually looking forward to that next time.