I get to my feet and stride toward the house. Whatever I'm looking for is in the house, I know it. Maybe it's not even anything tangible. Maybe I just need to be surrounded by things that he touched, that he created, that he loved. I open the door and then shut it behind me once Maya is at my side, and then I'm immediately thrown into a memory. The first time I brought Maya to the house, my written proclamation of love folded in my pocket, marching determinedly up the stairs, ready to confront Peeta—only to be asked a question that had nothing to do with our previous argument. Why is there a dog in my house? I move into the living room and see the fireplace. Another memory. Curled up in front of the fire after a day in the snow. Our toasting. Our perfect moment. I am not most guys. My eyes spot the plant book lying on the coffee table, and I pick it up and turn to a random page. Immediately, my attention is focused on a yellow flower, so precisely and beautifully drawn that it looks real. I gently trace the image with my fingertips, and then close the book and put it in my game bag. I take a brief tour of the kitchen, running my hand along the oven that Peeta used so often, supplying me with all my favorites, most notably cheese buns, though when we learned of my chocolate craving I had a steady supply of chocolate muffins. Once he even made me brownies. I feel a smile tug at my lips. However, any thoughts of smiling vanish as I climb the stairs. Even Maya's presence by my side isn't enough to comfort me. With each step I climb, the claws around my heart sink a little deeper. So many memories. I pause at the second door on the left, his art studio. I debate going in, if only to see his paintings, but he was so private about them. I don't want to see something he didn't wish for me to see. I had my woods. He had his art studio. So I continue down the hallway until I reach our bedroom. My eyes make a quick sweep of the room. So many memories. There's an odd smell in the room, but I ignore it for a moment. I move to the dresser and open up a drawer full of his clothes. Tears threaten to form in my eyes when I see his favorite blue shirt. My favorite blue shirt. The one that we constantly stole back from each other. I have many shirts for you to steal. With trembling hands I pick up the shirt and hold it to my face, breathing in the scent. It still smells like him. Warm cinnamon. I inhale the scent and feel myself relax. It's the first tangible connection I've had to Peeta in a month. I place his shirt and a few others in my bag. That smell tickles my nose again, and though the aroma is sweet, it's terribly repugnant. Slowly, I turn away from the dresser to face the bed. A bed that holds so many cherished memories. Tears, laughter, and love. So much love. Fantastic things happen in this bed. A choked gasp escapes me. Lying in the middle of the bed, perfectly pristine, is a single, white rose. I stare at it with wide, horrified eyes. A punch in the gut from President Snow. It's a message to me. A menacing one that promises revenge. But what is infinitely more telling is the placement of the rose. On our bed. My safe haven. A place where so much love was shared. And he's defiled it. I know what he wants this rose to accomplish. He wants it to break me. He wants me to think of Peeta and how he's been taken from me. The gruesome torture that is being inflicted upon him. He wants me to crumble. But I refuse to crumble. I refuse to break. Something within me comes to life. A fire. A blazing, white-hot fire. I recognize this feeling. An angry strength, a steely determination—a will to fight. You possess a strength that I will never know for myself. President Snow has made a grievous mistake. This was one step too far, and he's going to pay. This taunt, this insult will not stand. The fact that he has taken Peeta from me, split us apart. You're fierce in your desire to protect what's yours. It's in this second that I make a decision. I'll give Snow the fight of his life. I will be the Mockingjay. My first order of business? I'm getting my husband back. You go, girl. See? It's not too terribly depressing, is it? Katniss is proving to be as resilient as ever, but for how long will she be able to keep this strength? Guess we'll find out, won't we? And I know that it sucks that Peeta is not present, but I hope that you can feel his presence in the chapter, in Katniss's thoughts. Don't worry, I'll have a few dream sequences so we get a little PK time . . . of course . . . that's not to say that that time will be particularly happy . . . Anyhoo! One chapter down, and the summary for said chapter is as follows: Katniss has developed a mild case of Peeta-induced schizophrenia, Peeta is partying it up with Snow and having a poker night with his guards, Rye is fueling rumors of an Everlark split, Gale is hopelessly devoted, Haymitch is actually sober because Coin stockpiles alcohol in her office, and Plutarch is . . . well, let's not even go there . . . And our line from Chapter 2 comes from . . . Rye! "Sorry to interrupt your death glare showdown, but can we focus on the conditions?" Lots of love, AC