our bread in hand as well and we eat together in companionable silence. I almost forget that I was a mess of tears not thirty minutes ago, but as I eat the fine bread I wonder about everything he told me. "What is it like in the mines?" "It is dark in the mine shafts, the air is dirty, and there is always risk of accident or explosion. But it isn't so bad." he replies when he finishes eating. "It puts food on the table and I still have evenings and Sundays free. I have friends there and I've made it out alive every day so far. It could be much worse." He is right. It could be much worse. "I don't want you to die young in the mines, Gale." He smiles as he finishes the last of his bread. "I know you don't, Catnip," he says as he stands up. "Now let's go check the snares." We check the traps and come up with three rabbits and a squirrel. It is a decent turn out. Once we have cut the animals free and reset the snares I notice the sun has moved west faster than I thought. "It's getting late," he tells me. "Let's head back." "What about hunting?" I ask. I am tired and I know my mother and Prim will be expecting me to help with dinner but now it is upon me I do not want to go back. I very badly do not want to go back to the world I am now so uncertain of myself in. "We've caught enough meat for two nights," he says. "You'll check the snares again tomorrow, and we can hunt on Sunday." He has a point. We have enough food and while today was free due to the Reaping ceremony he will be expected in the mines in the morning. And I cannot put off my life forever. I let him lead us out of the forest but every step back towards reality is harder for me. I cannot avoid it, but I also cannot help the numb terror welling up in me again. If I am honest with myself, I believe my fears have more to do with my sense of self than with Prim or anyone else. I feel selfish and try to push my worries aside. As we cross the fence back into District 12, I know Gale sees my anxiety. He doesn't say anything, though, and I appreciate it. We walk together quietly and make it to the junction between the path to his house and mine. He doesn't take his turn, though. "I'll walk you home," he says. I am surprised. "I can do it myself," I respond abruptly. I have been in a numb daze most of the day but I do not need or want an escort because of it. "I know you can, Catnip. Let me do it anyway." That stops me. I do not understand the Gale I have seen today. We have always been honest with each other but never like this. He doesn't seem to notice my confusion and keeps walking. As we go on I find myself wondering if our relationship will continue this way. I am uncertain of Gale's forthrightness. In fact, I think I am utterly unprepared for so much honesty. Remembering this afternoon, though, I realize I was the one who was honest first and I am even more confused about what I want. But I think I might like to become accustomed to this honesty. To communicating this way with him. Suddenly I am worried that he is embarrassed by our conversation earlier today and that things between us will change. I do not want to lose Gale, especially not the Gale who made me feel normal on this terrible surreal day. "Talk to your Ma tonight," he says, breaking me out of my thoughts when we are almost to the house I share with mother and Prim. "I know you're right that there's not much in the Seam for single women, but she'll help you find something." He sounds calm and reasonable and I realize he isn't upset with me or trying to forget what happened earlier. I am so relieved I am able to look past the obstacle of my status as an adult woman in the Seam and respond like a sensible person. "I will ask her," I tell him. When we get to my front door Gale is very close and takes my hand before I go inside. I am not accustomed to nearness like this but nothing today has been expected. "Things will work out, Katniss," he says, giving my palm a gentle squeeze. "I'll see you on Sunday." His hand is rough from the mines but warm and comforting in my own. And then he is letting go and turning to head back towards his house. I miss the warmth of his hand immediately and realize I want to say something. I reach out to stop him. He turns back, surprised. I notice that he really is much taller than me. "Thank you for the bread, Gale." The smile that appears on his face could light a room. I know I have said the right thing. "You're welcome, Catnip," he replies and when he turns around again to go home I think his step is lighter. My world is a different place this evening than it was this morning. It occurs to me that I have been terrified and lonely for years for so many reasons outside of my control. But I am going to be okay. And perhaps I don't need to feel alone anymore. I stand on the porch a few moments longer before going inside. My fingers are still warm from Gale's touch. I am 18 years old and will now never be Reaped. The rest of my life is ahead of me and I decide I want to be happy, too.