hasn't looked through since she got home. It's been sitting, sealed up and hidden away, for nearly four years, now. It was the only thing waiting for her in her new house in the Victor's Village when she got back from the games. Her parents' things. Mostly, her father's clothing. There are a few things that once belonged to her sister, but those are much more rare. She remembers looking through the box for the first time. Remembers shuddering when she found the old tattered blanket from all those years ago and giving up on the rest of the box, because she couldn't handle it. The blanket has stayed on her bed, wedged beneath the top sheet that still feels too foreign against her skin on particularly bad nights. When she remembers just how she earned the luxury of the bed that she attempts sleeping in. She holds a fist to her mouth, trying to stifle the strange, choking noises that threaten to come out. Because then Peeta might hear her and that's not good at all. She stares up at the ceiling and forces herself to try and get it together, if not for her sake then for her guest's sake. He needs something to change into, and she has that. So she picks up the most unassuming articles of clothing that one belonged to her father. Ones that she barely even remembers him wearing. A worn pair of pants - mended and mended over and over again, to the point where she's not positive any of the fabric is the original - and a greyish blue thermal shirt, creased down the middle from how long it's been sitting. The water is running when she passes the door, but she knocks three times, anyway. "Clothes are in the hall," she informs him, hating the way that her voice wavers. The outfit doesn't fit him exactly right. He looks more than a little bit uncomfortable when he surfaces, stopping on the bottom step and watching her carefully. The shirt is a little bit too big, the sleeves coming down over his hands. Or maybe he's pulled them down so he can hide inside of the shirt a little bit better. He opens his mouth but doesn't say anything. He settles for biting his bottom lip so hard that it must hurt, instead. "Are you feeling better?" she asks, aiming for casual, but there's still a hint of apprehension in her voice. He can't be feeling too much better, if the way he's looking around is any indication. "I can't accept this," he says suddenly, and then winces, as if startled by his own voice. "I just . . . I mean, this – all of it – is too much. And . . . I have nothing to offer." That's not true. She looks him up and down and he shifts uncomfortably. "Really," he affirms. " Nothing . I'll probably stain these clothes within, like, five seconds of getting off these stairs. And, um . . ." She's staring at his feet. Socks . She forgot to give him socks. He keeps talking, but all she can focus on is how cold his feet must be in this house. "So, anyway," he continues. "Do you have - do you have my old clothes? Well, my clothes?" "They're in the wash," she lies. They're not in the wash yet. They're sitting on top of the wash, because she was going to look for some thread, but he came downstairs before she could. "Soaking wet. You wouldn't want to put them on now." "Katniss," he pleads, his voice the same as it was just after dinner. "I have extra bedrooms," she says, finally meeting his eyes. "There's something. If you want - if you want to offer me something, in exchange for room and board." He swallows hard. " Me ?" he asks, clearly disbelieving. "There's something . . . something I could offer you ?" "Yes." "What's . . . um, what do you want from me?" he asks. He's not a small boy - granted, he's thinner than is probably healthy now, and his shoulders are hunched, but it's strange to see someone who is usually so strong look so small. So defenseless. "You can stay here, with me," she says. "And you can be my baker." His mouth drops open and snaps back shut. She watches him as he shifts his weight from one foot to the other. "Your baker ?" he repeats. "My baker. You'll live here. I'll give you your own room upstairs. Food and clothes. And in return, you can bake for me. Just, um, breads and things. Like I've been - like what was in the basket," she says. Something like a smile creeps onto his face. "Katniss. Really?" "It would be cheaper than all of those damn deliveries I'm paying for, anyway. You don't have to answer tonight," she assures him. "But stay here. Think about it. You can tell me in the morning." "I can - I can tell you now!" he says hastily. "Yes. Yes. Thank you, Katniss. Thank you." Notes: I cannot ever thank either of the ladies who helped me to plan this story enough, but I will try. So much love to Gentlemama, who, as usual, helped so much in the formative stages of this story with planning, handholding, and betaing that this fic would be a huge mess without her. And to Greenwool, who has put up with endless questioning during the drafting of this first chapter and helped endlessly with characterization, planning, and yet more handholding. (Because I am ridiculously needy!) HEA is guaranteed. Not only have I been made to promise as much, I love these two to much to leave them with anything else. I can't promise a smooth trip there, but if all goes as planned? It doesn't get much heavier than this. So, trust me on this one. I'm good for it :)