the rock. He slumped in his normal spot and put her bow on her side. It felt…empty without her there. That was the best adjective he could come up with. It wasn't quite lonely—although he did wish she were here—but it just felt weird. He put his head in his hands and took a deep breath. It was so nice to be home, even if the circumstances were the complete opposite of the last time he was here. He thought back to the very last time he had sat in this spot, on this rock. Katniss had wanted to come back before… Before he tore apart both their worlds. Had he known it was going to be the last time, what would he have done? Kissed her? Told her he loved her? No, because something like that would've ruined the magic of their spot. That's what Gale realized he missed the most about home: the magic of their woods. It wasn't the thrill of the hunt or the fluidity of their partnership that made the woods magic, and Gale couldn't really admit to himself what it was that made the place magical to them, but it was. He spent hours thinking about it in district 2 and the only thing he could think that was really magical about the woods was the feeling of normality and regularity that he and Katniss shared in a world that was quickly falling apart. In the days of the old Panem, the old district 12, the old Gale and Katniss, the only regularity they had was the familiar hunting grounds and their own partnership. It was normal for them both to rise before the sun and head to the woods to hunt, normal for them to tease each other, normal to hunt. His phone started to buzz in his pocket, and he ignored it, questioning why he brought the damn thing anyway. It was either the real world calling to see where the hell he was, or someone who was calling to check on his mental status, and he didn't really have the patience or time for either. He tried to smile at the setting sun but found he couldn't manage more than a smirk. He knew he should probably go home soon and surprise his family, but he couldn't wait to find his bow and come back out here every day for the next two weeks. He got up from the rock and started to walk back to town, it seemed longer than the walk into the woods, but he smiled when he realized how happy his mother would be to see him. When he walked to the hollow log, he wondered again where his bow was, and if Katniss even came to the woods to hunt anymore. He knew there was only one way to really find out how much she was hunting or how often, or how pissed she would be when she realized he was back in town. So instead of placing her bow carefully back into the log, he simply placed the wedding invitation there and left it. He figured she would realize instantly who left her the message, picking up on his humor as if the last few years hadn't past—and if she didn't, it would let Gale know that the Katniss he knew was gone and wasn't ever coming back. His phone started to buzz again, he groaned, picking it out and was partially surprised to see a photo of Johanna come up on the screen. Even though they lived so far away, Gale was always happy to know that she never forgot him. Their relationship had never been of a romantic sort (except for one awkward night that Gale couldn't forget, regardless of how much whiskey he had had), but Johanna was his closest friend…almost closer than Katniss had been. He touched the screen to answer her call, "Hello Jo." "Gale! Where on earth are you? Paylor called me this morning wondering if you had come out here." He smirked and rolled his eyes before remembering that she couldn't see him. He just remained silent and waited for her to panic. But Johanna didn't panic. "Did you go out there?" she asked, in a low voice. "I did." She sighed, "What is that going to accomplish, Gale? Are you trying to be killed?" "She's not going to kill me," Gale chuckled. "There's only three ways I see this ending," Johanna went on, as if she hadn't heard him. "Either she kills you or Peeta does—" "Not going to happen." Johanna huffed her breath, "Do you mind if I talk for a minute?" Gale smiled, "Please, go on." "Either one of them kill you, you somehow stop the wedding, or…" her voice lowered to a sad whisper. "Or they get married and it breaks your heart…again." It was rare that Johanna actually pretended she ever had a heart, so Gale just remained silent, unable to face the truth in her voice. If the wedding took place, it would 100% shatter the remainder of the heart he had left. It made Gale question why he had really come out to district 12 in the first place. Would he try to interrupt the wedding? Was he trying to confuse her enough to doubt herself? Could he live with himself if he did? "Gale, are you going to be able to do this alone?" He took a deep breath, "I don't know, Johanna. I don't really even know why I'm here, it just felt like where I was supposed to be." "Do you want me to come down for the wedding? At least then you could pretend I drug you down there." He thought about the idea—it was going to be a lot easier to explain that Johanna had made him come rather than him just thinking it was a good idea. He smiled wide for the first time in years. "Yeah, come down. How soon can you be here?"