I said. "She's talking to Plutarch again." Haymitch snorted and rooted around my bag. "Who let her make the decisions?" He pulled out the bottle of whiskey we'd bought for him at one of the stores in town, pulled off its top, and took a deep sniff. "Besides," Haymitch said, swirling around the contents. "I already talked to the guy. You might not wanna go home soon." "Why's that?" "Well, stop standing around and gaping like fish and I'll tell you." He grabbed Dahlia's hand as Forest and I took a seat on his couch. "Got somethin' for you," he said to me cousin. "Hold on." Haymitch hurried into his kitchen and returned with a wicker basket in his hand. A pile of oranges reached up over the sides, a flash of color in the house full of neutral colors. "Know you like 'em," he told Dahlia, giving her a pat on the shoulder. "Tell your mom I said hi when you go home." Dahlia took the basket and smiled. I don't know how two people so different got along, but Haymitch and my cousin understood each other on some level beyond me. Maybe it was her quiet demeanor and his solitude that clicked so well, but it was a connection that flew over my head. "So," I said as Dahlia squished onto the couch between Forest and I. "Why am I not supposed to go home?" "Stress relief. For me," Forest said. "Mm. 'Preciate that," I said. Haymitch settled down on a leather couch and took a swig from his new bottle. He stared into the fire, sighed, and said, "Bit of a stressful time." "Why?" I said. "Well, we all got the holiday coming up –" "Yeah, great. Fun." "You know, you honestly disturb me with all that sarcasm," Haymitch said, pointing at me and taking another drink. "You sound like me." "Could be worse." "Could be. What's so bad about a free trip to the Capitol? It's not like everyone's watching you. Just Katniss and Peeta." I frowned and looked away out the window. "They do," I said. "They're always asking about my parents, though. It's like I'm just their agent or something. Like who gives a damn about Iris Mellark, huh?" Forest snorted. "Free food and celebrations to me. I'm not gonna whine about it." Haymitch shook his head and set down his bottle on the table. "Think your parents don't like the attention, honestly." "They handle it fine." "I didn't say nothin' about handling. I said they don't like it." "Why, it's…" I pause and wave a hand in the air. "People know their names, at least. Everyone does." "Not all for good reasons," Haymitch said, a shadow from the fire trotting across his face. In that instant, the wrinkled lines across his forehead turned into fault lines and aged him ten years. We sat in silence for a few moments until a honk broke it up. One of Haymitch's geese wandered into the room from the kitchen, investigating the noise. "Get out," Haymitch said, throwing a cushion at the goose. Dahlia looked offended. "It can stay," she pleaded. "It'll poop on you," he said. That shut her down. Dahlia froze in mid-stand and reclined back into the couch as the goose waddled off. "You didn't answer why we're not supposed to go home," I said, stealing an orange from Dahlia's basket and peeling the fruit. Haymitch picked up his bottle again and eyed its contents. "You're persistent, huh? Tell your mom she needs to parent better." "Coming from you?" Forest said with a smirk. "I parent geese. I'm an expert, boy." "Not if they're crapping in the house," my brother said. Haymitch feigned a look of indignation. "Manners! Ah, you won't get that one." "Why's Plutarch even here?" I said. I wanted to get to the bottom of things before Haymitch veered off into a drunken rant about geese droppings. "What, you don't like our glorious leader stopping by?" he said, taking another drink. "Wasn't such a glorious conversation, and it wasn't about the holiday. Old friend died." "Who?" "Way to pry, sweetheart. Don't know if you know him. Old victor from District 3, Beetee. He was in his seventies." I scratched my neck and looked away. "So…was it just like old age?" "Nope," Haymitch said, slamming his bottle down on the table. Dahlia reeled back as drops of alcohol sprayed on her. "Murder." None of us spoke for a moment. Murder? Who'd want to kill an old victor? I'd only met Beetee once, but he hadn't made much of an impression. What made someone want to get rid of him? Forest spoke for me on that thought. "Why?" "Why? Ask the guy with a calling card," Haymitch said, folding his arms and looking out the window. His eyes closed halfway. "Whoever killed him left one, at least." "What was on it?" I said. Haymitch chuckled. "Just one thing. Guy said who he wants to hurt next." "Who?" "Victors. Plutarch. Anyone associated with the rebellion, and I guess that includes me," Haymitch said. "He made a point of singling out one person, though. I guess whoever's behind it, he really doesn't like your mom." Author's Note: Thanks for reading! This story is slightly altered from the end of Mockingjay: Some characters who died in the books are still alive here for plot purposes, including (but not limited to) Finnick, Madge, and Prim. Several other details, such as when Katniss and Peeta had children, have also been altered for content. I'm always open to suggestions, questions, critiques, reviews, and anything else that can help me write and tell the story, so chime in if you have any comments! Story's rated T for violence, mature language, physical and psychological horror, and occasional references to adult themes. All established Hunger Games content, including but not limited to Panem, the Capitol, Katniss, Peeta, Haymitch, Prim, Finnick, Annie, and other material, is the property of Suzanne Collins . Enjoy!