their happy mood. "Am I interrupting anything…?" I asked, biting my lower lip. Maybe they would tell me to go away, or say they were busy. No. They were both too nice for that. Annie shook her head, patting the seat next to her. "No, no!" She pulled the seat out a little further. I guess that gesture was supposed to be nice, but I felt fat as I sat down. "So, how are you doing, Clove?" I shrugged. "Better than last year. You?" She clasped her hands together. Somehow, I felt like Peeta was being left out of the conversation. "Same." Turning my attention to Peeta, I asked, "And you?" He shrugged, similar to what I did. "Fine." We made idle chit chat through the class period. Nothing eventful really happened, except for Annie trying to recall a story when she was forced to each a cockroach. Glad I don't have lunch next. When the bell rung, I made a mad dash to my locker. Angrily, I was forced to take out my schedule to find my locker combination. It was only the first day. I didn't have it memorized. But, why was I in such a rush? The answer was simple. Gym. Normally, I didn't mind gym that much. But last year, I met Plutarch Heavensbee, who liked to be referred to as Coach. He gave a detention if you were even a second tardy to his class. "God dammit!" I roared, thrusting my fist at my locker. My gym clothes were in there. Coach didn't care if it the first day. We were expected to bring them. By the time my locker had reluctantly opened and I nabbed my stuff, I realized the hallways were thinning out. Sprinting all the way to the gym, I figured I would probably have to carry my gym bag in the morning. "Glad to see you. Get changed," Coach boomed, slapping me on the back. I grunted, honestly hated this man. Gym. Why'd I sign up for it again? Slumping into the girls' locker rooms, I slid down onto the floor, noting only a few girls' stuff in the lockless lockers. By the time I had finished changing in one of the stalls, I noticed that I was most likely the last one to finish. Coach shook his head, tapping his foot impatiently. Now, if you're wondering, we only have one gym teacher. Coach Heavensbee. Which means that he has to come into the girls locker room. Mind you, I've seen him peak. Anyways, I took a seat beside Katniss. On her other side was Annie. Huh. "Took you long enough!" Glimmer giggled, who sat on the other side of the room I did. I had a feeling it wasn't in a joking way. She was surrounded by her posse of friends. I was surprised to see Cashmere among them. "Looks like everybody's here," Coach remarked, pointing out the door. "Now get out to the floor and give me 5 laps!" Sighing, I trailed behind Katniss and Annie, giving them nervous smiles. What did I expect? Not to have as many laps around the gym? "Why'd I sign up for gym again?" I asked Katniss and Annie, who both shrugged. Katniss popped a smile. "Maybe him?" I followed my gaze towards where she was pointed, nearly gagging with the sight I saw. Glimmer was wrapping her arms around Cato's neck, one leg lifted up in the air. She appeared to be whispering something in his ear, resulting in a gruff laugh. It made me sick. Plus, her shirt was so low-cut you could see her stomach. And her shorts were up so high they were underwear. "Oh, oh no!" I shrieked, covering Annie's eyes. "Annie, don't look!" Glimmer must've heard me, snapping around to give me a glare. Stomping on to me, she placed her hands on her hips, trying her best to make me intimidated. "Do you mind?" "Oh, whatever do you mean?" I mocked, twirling a piece of hair around my finger innocently. "Don't play dumb, Silvers!" she yelled, pointing an accusing finger at me. I grabbed it, threatening to bend it over and break it. "Don't fucking play games with me," I taunted. "I could obviously beat you up. So shut the hell up." "Ugg," she mumbled, scampering away. The nerve of this girl. Annie looked at me with a puzzled expression, then her expression automatically brightened. Turning, I noticed someone coming our way. Tan skin, sea green eyes, and bronze hair. Was this her crush? "Clove, meet Finnick," Annie proudly announced. I nodded in a friendly gesture. Finnick did the same, then returned his attention back to Annie. "So, Annie-" They were interrupted by a whistle. "5 laps around the gym!" It was the same instructions as earlier, except everyone were now motivated. If Coach gives you directions the second time around, you follow it. Or else face the sad, sad consequences. By the middle of the 3rd lap, I was gasping for air, falling slower, as was everyone else. Our gym is huge. Really. In the middle of an 8th to a 4th of a mile. When I finished, I realized I was one of the first done. Coach smiled at me with approval. Sometimes, it was hard to hate this guy. As I waited, I noticed that it was taking a long time for somebody to finish the laps. About one person finished every two minutes. And guess who the last person done was. "It took you half an hour to finish 5 laps," I said dryly to Glimmer, who shrugged in reply. "I was walking," she retorted. "Besides, look how sweaty you are and how presentable I look." Not when I give you a black eye. I was tempted to say it. But actions speak louder than words, right? I'll do just that after school. -What Wasn't— How was it? 5-10 reviews would be nice. Anyways, critique is always appreciated. Thanks for reading! -Ashe