"You're bleeding." "What?" "Your head." I reached up to my temple and felt something wet. When I pulled it away, a stripe of blood stained my fingers. "It's uh…" I said, stalling for a moment to think. "Wrestling. I gotta diversify my skills, after all." "You were wrestling with yourself?" "Yeah. Bet you've never heard of better practice." Brook clenched her jaw and sat down on one of the chairs in my kitchen. "Finnick," she said, raising her palm to her forehead and shutting her eyes. "Look. People say they've seen you just running around the edge of the district and the beach. I barely see you. I don't even see you in the marketplace or down by the docks. Can you tell me what's wrong?" "C'mon, it's way too early for that kinda talk." "It's eleven." Guess it wasn't early. I really needed to get my sleep cycle back on track. In all seriousness, I was hiding from her. I'd always tried to look tough and masculine around Brook, and I didn't want to dump my mind's baggage on her if I could help it. I sat down in a chair across from her, picking up a half-empty glass of water from the night before and draining it in one swig. "You're not gonna get it, Brook," I said, staring down at the glass as I swished around the few drops of water left in it. She leaned forward and placed her elbows on the table. "It's not like I didn't watch the Games. I saw everything. We all did. I'm not gonna make fun of you or anything, you're Finnick Odair. You won. And you're my friend." I stood up and set the glass down on the table. Hell. "I don't, uh," I mumbled, walking around into my kitchen and leaning against the counter. "I got too much time to think on my hands. I need to do stuff, but I got nothin' to do." She looked as if she was waiting for more, so I went on: "You know when you dwell on something a lot and you start to overanalyze everything you could do or did do? It's like that." Brook pursed her lips and frowned. "You don't have to feel guilty for the arena," she said. "I mean, you got picked to volunteer because people believed in what you could do, and you proved them right. Don't you even think that you shouldn't have won. Screw that thought." "It sure isn't that," I scoffed, gripping the counter with my hands behind my back. "Those guys I teamed up with? They were dicks. Ares was as dumb as a rock. Bacchus was a sadistic little twerp. I don't care that I offed them. I'd do that again in a second if I was back there. Probably did the world a favor. But, it's just…" "The girl from 7?" "God, we should've never teamed up with her," I said, looking off into dead space as I spoke. Sad gray eyes and curly brown hair floated through my head. "Holly knew her stuff, though, but man, she's just hanging around up in there. Won't go away, much as I try." "I know you were…friends…with her," Brook said, playing with her thumb and looking down at the table. "You made her time in the arena better. She could've just been a statistic." "Yeah, now she is. And the even worse truth? Better her than me. I feel dirty saying that, but it's the truth." "Finnick, don't start with this stuff. I'd have been crushed if she'd won over you." I glanced at her. "You would, huh?" She looked away, still wrapping her hands over one another. "It's just stupid," I said. "Now I wish I hadn't stuck her, but then? When everything was going to hell? It felt right. Heck, it felt good . I was in control of everything." "Look, let's just stop. I didn't mean to pry. Let me get you out of this house –" "No, it feels good to talk now," I said with a wispy laugh. "Y'know, she coulda whacked me if she wanted to. She was amazing with that axe, but she wouldn't do it. She thought I really cared about her, and for a few days, I did. Then I remembered what I was doing, and yoink, she's dead, I win. Easy-peasy." "Finnick, stop. Please." "Just won't get out of there," I said, ignoring Brook and tapping my forehead. "I got all this time on my hands to dwell, and whole helluva lot of good it does me." I stared around the kitchen. All this wood paneling, all this newfound wealth – was it really worth it? I'd gained victory in a fight to the death, but I'd stepped right into another fight with my own mind. Brook was right. I did need to get out more. "You know what?" I said. "Victory Tour's in two weeks, and I need to get this crap outta my head before then. Let's get outta here. Even for a day." She nodded, but Brook wouldn't look my way. When she got up from her chair, her right hand was clenched in a fist. The foghorn boomed. Author's Note: Thanks for reading! I've wanted to do a "complete telling" so to speak of Finnick's life after his Hunger Games victory, so here goes – taking a break from my OC stories for the moment. Some details have been changed and/or adjusted from the original Hunger Games material for thematic and/or plot purposes. But never fear, plenty of Odesta, haha. Down the road a bit. I always love to hear feedback, so if you have comments, concerns, critiques, suggestions, etc., let me know! Rated T for coarse language, graphic violence, mature themes and references, and potentially unsettling imagery. The Hunger Games, Finnick, Annie, District 4, Mags, Katniss, Peeta, and all adapted fictional materials from the Hunger Game series within this story are the property of Suzanne Collins.