of rain. His tongue teased her pebbled nipple, and she arched against him. When his hand slipped between her thighs, his fingers brushing her swollen clit, she gasped, clenching him inside her reflexively. "Fuck," he hissed, but his fingers bore down harder, drawing circles, and she clawed at his back. "There?" he asked, his teeth scraping her nipple. She nodded frantically. "Is that what you want?" "Yes!" she gasped, rocking her hips in time with his fingers in what little space she had to move. His large body trapped her to the couch, and he sucked her nipple into his mouth, humming his approval of the way her body gripped his cock. His fingers moved deftly between her thighs, the pleasure coiling tight inside her. "I'm—I—" Words escaped her, and when his teeth tugged on her nipple, she came with a breathless shout. He groaned as she trembled underneath him, pulsing around him. And then he was moving, pulling his cock out just to push it back in. She whimpered in her bliss, opening her legs wider for him. His thrusts were hard, relentless, his hips driving hers into the cushion, and when his fingers began moving between her thighs again, she gasped in surprise, still sensitive from her first orgasm. But the pain was exquisite, and her hands simultaneously pushed and pulled at his chest, unsure what she wanted from him. He kissed her, swallowing her pleading sounds. "It's okay, it's okay," he whispered into her mouth, his fingers rubbing her clit with unforgiving mercy. She moaned then, a whining mewl, and soon her hips jerked against his wildly, desperate for the relief he promised her. "God, this is—fuck, this is so good . So—so good, so much better than I've imagined," he whimpered in her ear, and she wanted to tell him the same, but her coherent thought was long gone by that point. With one artful stroke of his fingers, she exploded again, crying into his neck. Peeta grunted, thrusting erratically until his hips strained against hers. He moaned her name into her shoulder, and she felt him throbbing inside her, her own body still quivering with pleasure. It took a while for her to stop shaking, the only sound in the room their labored breathing. But as the ecstasy subsided, the doubt filled its place. The full weight of what they had done finally settled on her. Her stomach twisted with guilt, and she pushed on his shoulders. "You—you have to go," she stuttered, still dazed from her orgasms, but the horror was pushing through the haze then. He sat up, his somewhat softened cock sliding out of her, and she tried not to think about how empty she felt. He looked stunned, and she scrambled to pull her underwear on. "We shouldn't have...oh, God , we shouldn't have done that," she whimpered, rushing around the couch to grab her shirt and shrug it on. She distractedly rebuttoned it, missing a few in her haste. "Katniss." When she glanced at him, he had already put his boxers and shirt on, but he held his pants in one hand and the used condom in the other. "What—what do you want me to do with this?" he asked dumbly, and she gaped at him. "I don't...I don't know...Rinse it out and take it with you. You can't leave that here!" she cried, borderline hysterical, and he struggled to put his pants on with one hand. Once he had pulled them up over his hips and slipped his shoes on, he crossed into the kitchen to the sink. She turned away while he washed the condom, trying not to hyperventilate. She looked back at him as he shuffled toward her, fastening his pants. His hair was disheveled, his cheeks flushed a rosy color, but his blue eyes reflected her terror. "Katniss—" "This was a mistake. This was a—this was a huge fucking mistake, Peeta," she said, her voice catching. She stepped back as he moved closer, and he halted. "You're married, and I'm married, and...oh, my God." He looked stricken at her words, his hands falling to his sides. "You have to go. You have to go. Now ." Wordlessly, he started for the front door, but she stopped him, panicked. "The back door! You can't leave through the front!" she hissed, and he swiveled back around. She pointed toward the back door, her hand trembling, and he brushed past her, looking as dazed as she felt. He stopped, however, turning to face her. "I—I'm sorry, Katniss. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry..." he muttered, his words dying out. She just buried her face in her hands, too scared to look at him. And then he was gone, the back door shutting quietly behind him. Breathing deeply, she gathered the rest of her wet clothes and carried them to the bedroom, but she pulled up short when she saw her reflection in the mirror. Her hair was knotted, sticking out in odd places, pulled from its braid. As she tried to smooth it down, she gasped, peering closer at the mirror. There were streaks of blood smeared on her neck, her chest, her chin. From his lip. Frantically, she spit into her hand and tried to rub it off, her hysteria rising. Bath. She needed to take a bath. She filled up their tub quickly, discarding her shirt and her underwear before sliding down into the water, not even caring about the tepid temperature. Lathering the washcloth, she scrubbed herself furiously, as if she could wash herself of what she'd done. When her hand slipped between her thighs to clean herself, catching on the tender flesh there, she whimpered, and a hoarse cry escaped her throat. Soon, she was sobbing into her hands, overcome with shame. She sank farther into the water while she cried, and there she stayed for hours, until the water grew cold, until her throat was raw. What had she done? What had she done ?