jokingly. And now he's here. It feels surreal. Katniss just wants to look at him, drink him in, but she reminds herself that he's just gotten off a nine-hour flight. "You must be tired," she says, reluctantly releasing him to pull him into the apartment. "I was, but seeing you has revived me, Liebling," he declares dramatically, setting his bags down, and she rolls her eyes despite the warm thrill it sends through her belly, but his face takes on an abrupt look of consternation as he surveys her apartment. "Katniss. Why are there so many boxes? You moved here months ago." "Oh." Suddenly, her palms feel clammy, and anxiety kicks in. She knows she was going to have to tell him at some point—and before, she was even looking forward to it—but now, faced with the real prospect of telling him, she's scared. And she begins to second-guess how he's going to react. She clears her throat, nervously smoothing her braid between her fingers. "Um. I guess, I wanted to surprise you too." Dropping her braid, she begins wringing her wrists. "I broke my lease. I'm moving." He just blinks at her, confused. "I do not understand..." "I mean, not until after you leave," she clarifies hastily. "Actually, I thought...I thought I'd come with you. Um...back to Germany." She holds her breath, and his expression doesn't change. " Was ?" he asks stupidly. Shit. She should have discussed it with him first. This is a terrible idea. She shrugs uncertainly, looking around at all the boxes. "There's nothing...there's nothing for me here really, anymore. I've just been waiting tables at Abernathy's. They won't miss me. But I miss you . And I just...I just want to be with you. I don't have to move in with you, if it's too soon, but I can help you at the bakery, if you want, until I find a job." Now that she's said it out loud, it all sounds incredibly stupid. Exasperated, she presses her palms against her cheeks, shaking her head. "Shit, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have just sprung that on you. I should have asked you first. That was so rude—" "Katniss." A dazzling smile breaks out across his face. "Katniss! Ja, yes , please come, bitte! You can live with me, work with me, stay in bed all day—alles, was du willst, but come, yes! Oh, Liebling!" He sweeps her up into another hug before kissing her happily, sloppily. Soon she's laughing giddily, their tongues brushing together fleetingly until they release the other's mouth a moment later. His hands frame her face as he stares down at her, smoothing his thumbs over her eyebrows. "You have made me so happy with this. I wanted to ask you, but I did not know if you were ready..." Resolutely, she nods, feeling languid and warm with happiness. "I am." She peers up at his eyes, an earnest blue that no glasses can hide, and she takes a deep breath, steeling herself to say the words she's only had the confidence to say secretly to a computer screen until now. "Ich liebe dich, Peeta." A wide smile dimples his cheeks. "I love you too, Katniss. I cannot wait to take you home." Her own face hurts from smiling, and she closes her eyes when he touches his forehead to hers. For the first time in years, she finally understands that she can be happy. That things can be good again. [[German translations]] Arschlöcher: Assholes Ähm: ifller word for pauses in speech, like um or uh Reiberdatschi: potato pancakes Käsespätzle: pasta or dumplings with cheese, like macaroni and cheese Schnitzel: thinned meat, such as chicken, coated in bread and then fried Laugencroissant: pretzel croissants Krapfen: donut-like pastry filled with jam and usually topped with powdered sugar or icing Schön, dass du gekommen bist: I am happy you came. Warte eine Sekunde: Wait a second. Kohlenhydrate: Carbohydrates. Kohlen translated literally means coal. Genau, danke!: Exactly, thank you! Marienplatz: Mary's Square, central city square in Munich Neues Rathaus: New City Hall Altes Rathaus: Old City Hall Frauenkirche: A landmark church in Marienplatz Was?: What? Ernsthaft?: Seriously? Allgäu: a southern region in Germany that covers the prealpine lands to the Alps Neuschwanstein Castle in Hohenschwangau: a castle built in the medieval style by King Ludwig II of Bavaria; Hohenschwangau is a village in Bavaria Alles gut?: You okay/Everything good? Verdammt: Dammit Romantische Straße: a highway that links a number of castles and towns between Würzburg and Füssen in southern Germany Oh, nein, so war das nicht gemeint!: Oh, no, that's not what I meant! Das/es tut mir leid: I'm sorry Hofbräuhaus: a popular beer house Da hinten ist was frei: That one's [table] free. Wir brauchen noch einen Moment : We need a moment. Maß: big glasses contanining one liter of beer Sie wohnt diese Woche bei mir: She's staying with me for the week. Dummkopf: Idiot Hatte ich nicht gesagt, du sollst dich benehmen: I told you to behave yourself. einer WG: short for Wort Wohngemeinschaf, which is student housing, like a large apartment shared by multiple people. Aber sicher: Of course. Sehr hübsch sogar: Very pretty even Vorsicht: Careful Scheisse: Shit. Tut mir so leid. Es war ein Fehler, ich weiß. Ich wollte nicht...: I'm so sorry. It was a mistake, I know. I did not want...Madge, I'm sorry. I had been drinking. I did not think - no, I know that is no excuse. You're right. I am sorry. No, I do not think - no, I do not think that's true. It's not her fault, just mine. Entschuldig : Forgive me. Liebling: term of endearment, like darling or sweetheart or, very literally, favorite Ich möchte: I want Ausbügeln: iron out Das ist mein Lieblingsbier: It's my favorite beer Du bist wunderschön: You're beautiful. Egal: All the same Wahnsinn: Madness alles, was du willst: whatever you want nicht wahr?: Is it?/Do they not? You can find me on tumblr; I'm fuckingplebe .