The euphoria was short-lived, however, and her head lolled forward to rest against his. Peeta grabbed her hips and rolled her underneath him, but he pulled out of her. She felt strangely hollow. "Can I fuck you from behind?" he asked, his voice low and throaty, and she nodded eagerly. "Yes," she gasped, twisting onto her stomach. Peeta pulled her hips up so she was kneeling before him, and she collapsed forward on her elbows, pulling her pillow down to hug to her chest. When he pushed into her, she groaned at the fullness, muffling the rest of her inhuman sounds in the pillow. He moved fast, his grunts punctuating the sound of his hips connecting with her ass. She jerked forward every time he thrust into her, but he held her steady with one arm looped around her hips. She felt his sac hitting the back of her thigh; if she wasn't so useless right then, she might have reached between their legs to grab it, but it was all she could do to hold on, her face buried in the pillow. She already felt sore, but she didn't care, arching her back to push her hips backward to meet his, squeezing his cock inside her. He issued a low, gravelly moan then. "I'm gonna come, Katniss," he warned, his hips whipping into hers faster; she just moaned in response. He pumped into her a few more times before stilling completely, his cock pulsing inside her as he emptied himself into the condom. He sighed when he pulled out, releasing his hold on her, and she slid down to the mattress bonelessly. Peeta got up, to dispose of the condom she assumed, and she rolled onto her back as he disappeared into her adjoining bathroom. She knew she should clean up, too, but the exhaustion she'd felt creeping in earlier was back now, stronger than before; keeping her eyes open was a chore. She was vaguely aware when he returned, the bed dipping under his weight. "I should go," he whispered near her ear. Her eyes fluttered open, and she made a protesting noise, barely aware of her own movements. "No, stay," she mumbled, yawning as she rolled away to nuzzle down in the pillow. He didn't respond for a moment, and she was almost asleep when he finally whispered back, "Okay," the word just barely reaching her through the fog of sleep as he lay down beside her, cocooning her against his side. Katniss was confused when she woke up. A fully dressed Peeta was standing over her next to the bed, smiling slightly at her, but it was still dark out, and the bedside lamp was on. She didn't remember falling asleep, but she felt well-rested, like she'd slept for hours. She blinked up at him blearily, trying to process the situation. He quirked an eyebrow. "Hey, sorry to wake you, but I definitely gotta get going now," he said, his voice hushed. She looked around her room for a clock she couldn't locate. "What time is it?" she croaked, tugging the sheet up to shield her naked body. "Almost 5. I've got to get into work before 7, though, and I need to go home and shower," he explained. She just nodded dumbly and sat up on her elbow, still trying to shake off the remnants of sleep. A throbbing soreness between her legs became apparent then, and she flashed back through their night together. She was immediately filled with heat and embarrassment, now that the haze of lust had been lifted. "Ummm, okay. Yeah. Well, um...thank you, I guess," she said quietly, dropping his gaze. Shit, this was awkward. She should have let him leave last night when he originally wanted to—what had she been thinking, asking him to stay? In the blissful aftermath of her orgasms, she'd just felt so good and carefree, and he'd felt so warm and steady next to her, she hadn't wanted that feeling to end just yet. But now she just felt stupid. Chuckling gruffly, he knelt down beside the bed so he was eye level with her. She looked at him strangely. "If you whip out your checkbook, things might get a little awkward," he joked, and she finally cracked a smile, blushing slightly. He squinted at her as he considered her for a moment. "Are you free this weekend?" She furrowed her eyebrows. "I—yeah, I think so. Why?" He grinned. "You're taking me on a date; your treat. I feel like you owe me for putting out." She laughed incredulously then, only mildly mortified, and pinched the bridge of her nose. "Um, okay. I guess that's fair." Did she actually just agree to go out with him? Amazing how a good tongue fucking could completely change your opinion on somebody. Peeta pushed off the floor to stand up again. "Just call me or text me a day and time later," he said, and she nodded shyly. He leaned down to press a kiss to her forehead. "I had fun," he murmured in her ear. A smile tugged at the corner of her mouth. "Me, too." He chuckled again as he straightened. "I know," he replied cockily, and her smile dipped into a scowl. She rolled her eyes. "Get out of my apartment," she ordered, though there was no real threat in her tone. He was already walking toward the door when he threw over his shoulder, "I'm partial to Mexican food, by the way." Opening the door, he turned to face her fully and grinned at her. "I'll see you later." And then he was gone. She flopped back down to the bed when her bedroom door shut and huffed thoughtfully, staring at the ceiling as she thought back over their night together. A shiver ran through her as she recalled the way his tongue felt between her thighs, and she sighed wistfully. Now, exactly how weird was it to date your best friend's ex, she wondered?