darting between him and her friends, who follow her line of sight. Johanna's face brightens as her attention lands on him. " That's Peeta Mellark?" she asks appreciatively. "I'm starting to believe his bathroom endorsement now." "I don't know," Madge says doubtfully, a teasing smile on her lips. "Sometimes it's the pretty guys who are the worst in bed." Inexplicably, Katniss feels defensive of Peeta. "I'm sure he's more than adequate," she argues. Johanna's mouth curls into a grin. "So you've thought about it, huh?" Katniss seethes, her face turning red, and her eyes flit back in his direction involuntarily. He's leaning against the bar, talking to the bartender and gesturing in the direction of the bathroom. "Maybe you should go talk to him?" Madge offers. "He might be reassured once he knows who you are. You were pretty harmless in school." Katniss shoots her a dubious look. "Thanks for that backhanded compliment." Her friend just shrugs, and Katniss turns her attention back to Peeta, who's now waiting quietly while the bartender scopes out the bathroom. "Fine. I'll just tell him it was me, he can think I'm a weirdo, and that'll be the end of it, whatever," she grumbles, standing up from the booth. Tugging on her jacket sleeves, she walks haltingly toward him. His back is to her, and she summons the courage to tap him on the shoulder, holding her breath as he turns around. She's expecting confusion, a blank expression of indifference even—she's not expecting the look of shock, which she's pretty sure mirrors her own from when she first saw his name on the bathroom stall. "Katniss?" The sound of her name leaving his lips stuns her, and she almost forgets why she came over here. "I—you know who I am?" she asks stupidly, and he blinks, confusion finally creasing his brow. "Well, yeah—wait, are you the one who texted me?" Her eyes widened. "Oh—yea—no, I mean, no! I mean, not exactly ." She cringes and gestures to her friends, who are watching them raptly. "My friend Johanna texted you, from my phone. Initially. I was the one who responded to you..." He's just staring at her strangely, probably thinking about what a freak she is. She continues, "Anyway, I'm really sorry for the trouble. I just wanted to..." Do what, exactly? Say hi? To someone who barely knows her? "Well, I don't know, I guess I just wanted you to know who it was you were talking to so you know I'm not some creep or something. Which you probably think anyway," she laughs awkwardly. He blinks again, the bizarre contortion of his face breaking, and he shakes his head. "Oh—no, I don't. Think that. Sorry. I'm just...surprised to see you here. I'm surprised it was you, I guess. I had no idea you were still around here..." he trails off, and she fidgets with her braid. "Uh, yeah. Came back after college a couple years ago." "Me too. Well, after business school. Took over my family's bakery." "Oh." She makes a face to herself and laughs at her own ignorance. "Oh, of course. Right, that makes sense." He's still staring at her strangely, but the bartender returns then. "Okay, I took care of it. I'm sorry about that, sir," she tells him, pouring a beer from the tap and sliding it to him. "On the house." "Oh, thanks. I appreciate it," he says, taking the beer. Katniss is ready to slink back off to her friends, but Peeta turns back to her. "And I guess thank you for letting me know my services were being advertised all over Panem," he says with a wry smile, but she blushes in mortification. "I swear I wasn't propositioning you, it was Johanna—" He chuckles, waving her off. "I believe you. It's okay. I could barely get you to look at me in high school—I doubt you've changed that much that you're soliciting sex from strange men now." She's dumbfounded— I could barely get you to look at me . What does that even mean? Her mouth parts wordlessly a few times before she can find a response. "Well...you're hardly a strange man," she says. He laughs quietly. "I guess. Well, don't let the ad fool you. I think my reputation might have been greatly exaggerated," he protests self-deprecatingly with a slight grimace, taking a sip of his beer. She's sure her cheeks are going to be stained permanently red as she mentally debates his bedroom credentials. "Apparently someone thinks highly enough of you," she rebuts, glancing away when he looks back at her. "Well, thanks for letting me know—or tell your friend I said thanks, whoever deserves the credit," he jokes. "As you can imagine I don't exactly want my number plastered all over bathrooms around town." She laughs softly. "Right, I'm sure it would be awkward for your girlfriend." He regards her bizarrely, again , narrowing his eyes just barely. "I don't have a girlfriend," he says humorously, and she flushes, realizing that probably sounded like a come-on, like she's fishing for information on his relationship status. And she realizes that's exactly what she's doing. "I was speaking as a businessman more concerned about my bakery's family-friendly reputation." "Oh. Right. Ha, of course." She wants to die—but first she wants to murder Johanna. "Uh, well, I should probably get back—" "Katniss," Peeta interrupts her, an urgent look on his face. Her feet stop moving in the direction of her table, and she stares at him expectantly. He suddenly looks nervous, scrubbing a hand through his curls, but then he gestures to the bar, a small lopsided smile tugging at his mouth. "Can I buy you a drink?" Katniss is so wholly unprepared for such a question that it takes him repeating the question a second time for her to process what he's asking her. And then she does the only thing she knows how. "I—I can't." She bolts. Find me on tumblr as fuckingplebe .