"So you are stalking me," she accused, vowing to kick Johanna's ass later after work. Peeta sighed, exasperated. "No, I swear. Well, unless you consider asking someone who knows you where you work and then tracking you down at said workplace stalking …" he attempted to joke, quirking a nervous smile at her, but she met him with a pointed look. "I do, actually." His face sobered, and he folded his hands on the bar. "Right. Okay, look—I'm sorry, okay? I just…I so badly wanted to tell you how utterly sorry I am for the other night when I…I swear I didn't mean to-to—" he stuttered, gesturing to his own chest, "you know. It was an accident! I thought the ginger was there to eat, you know? To cleanse the palate and all that, like at a sushi restaurant. I didn't realize you didn't have anything under it covering your…er, you know." He was blushing furiously, and he looked so completely contrite, she felt her anger evaporating. He sounded sincere, at least. "It's fine," she grumbled finally, dropping her arms to her sides. "I guess you didn't do it maliciously." He shook his head emphatically. "Not at all." He paused as he studied her. "I'm sorry if I got you fired," he offered, but she shrugged. "You didn't get me fired. I got myself fired. Well, actually, I think I just quit. I don't know. Whatever. I'm not cut out for that kind of job," she said. "Doesn't matter, anyway. I work here now, and I'm fine." He smiled at her, a dimple creasing his left cheek. "Good. I'm glad. I mean, I'm glad you're doing fine now. I feel better." She shrugged, uncomfortable with just how attractive she was suddenly finding him to be. His blue eyes sparkled even in the dim bar lights. "Can I get you something to drink?" she offered to distract herself from just staring at him. He frowned pensively as he studied the specials on the chalkboard behind her. "Oh, ah…the Oktoberfest sounds good." With a nod, she grabbed a frosty mug and pulled the Sam Adams tap toward her, angling the cup slightly as she filled it. Then she slid it across the bar to him, and he handed her a $5 bill. "Keep the change," he told her, and she nodded, opening the register and then stuffing the remaining cash in the tip jar. "So, this is a nice place," he continued conversationally after he'd taken a large sip of his beer. His eyes darted around the room to check out the decor. Katniss shrugged. "Yeah, not bad." Peeta cleared his throat suddenly, looking back at her. "Have you ever been to, uh, Mellark's Bakery? It's right down the street…" At the shake of her head, his eyes dropped before lifting to hers again. "Well, there's no alcohol or anything, but their pastries are pretty much the best in the city. You should, um, check it out." She nodded, though she had no plans to follow through. "Okay, sure." He scratched the bridge of his nose. "Or…I could take you, someday. If you want. Um, my parents actually own the place, so we could eat for free—" "Wait," she interrupted him, gaping incredulously at him. "Are you seriously asking me on a date right now?" He furrowed his brow. "Um, yes? Unless you're not interested, then, I mean, no, I'm just trying to advertise my parents' bakery." She blinked furiously before scowling. "This is because you saw my nipple, isn't it? You think I'm just gonna put out or something?" His mouth hung open. "No, of course not! I barely even—I don't even remember what your breast looks like!" At her glare, he faltered. "Okay, that's a lie. I'm sorry. I do remember what it looks like. It was nice! I'm sorry!" She pinched the bridge of her nose, and he sighed heavily. "I'm sorry, you just make me so flustered, I keep bumbling like an idiot—" " I fluster you?" she repeated in disbelief, and he laughed anxiously. "Well, yeah. You're just…you're really pretty, and you're a hardass, and you seem really cool, like, way cooler than I am. So it makes me nervous." She was stunned speechless for a moment. "Wow. I don't…I don't know what to say." He coughed slightly. "Well, you can say yes if you're interested in a date with me. Or tell me to fuck off if you're not, that's cool, too. I swear I'm not just asking because I think I'll get laid or something." He looked worried suddenly. "I mean, not that that's completely out of the realm of my interests or anything—okay, I'm going to stop talking now, I promise." She shook her head then, unable to stifle her quiet laugh. This was so utterly bizarre, she didn't know how to process it. She took a moment to study him before sighing. "I…okay, I guess. Yes. We can go to your parents' bakery." His eyes went round. "Really?" She nodded, biting down on her lip to fight the grin. He was like an excited puppy. "Yes. But only because you said it was free." He laughed, scrubbing a hand through his unruly curls as his cheeks filled with color. "Okay, great. Great. Ah, I actually should get back to work. I don't even know if I'm allowed to be drinking right now, but," he took one last large gulp of his beer before pushing the mug back toward. "Okay, I'm gonna leave before you change your mind. I'll, uh, call you later, yeah?" She arched an eyebrow as he stood up but nodded. "Okay." With a final wave, he spun around on his heel to leave, but she called out after him. "Peeta, wait!" He whirled back around, his face full of hope. She smiled in amusement. "Don't you need my number? And my name, maybe?" He blinked before bursting into a sheepish grin. "That would help, huh?" Follow me on tumblr: fuckingplebe.