so…happy. There was something else in the depths of his startlingly blue eyes that she couldn't decipher either. She finally found her voice. "I wanted—" No, that wasn't right. "I needed to—to…I came to thank you. For the bread." She hoped he would remember, so she wouldn't have to endure the shame of retelling the story to him. He blinked. His mouth seemed to curve into a frown. "Oh. The bread." He sighed, shoving his hands into his pockets. "You don't have to thank me for that. It was the right thing to do. And I couldn't stand—" he stopped himself though, and what he couldn't stand, she guessed she would never know. They fell silent again, staring at each other. Katniss grew increasingly uncomfortable under his gaze; he was looking at her like he was sad he was never going to see her again, like she was the one who was being shipped off to her death and not him. How ludicrous. "You saved my life," she blurted, surprising even herself, but she had wanted to shake off the unsettling feeling beginning to take hold in her chest. "And Prim's. You saved our lives. With the bread. It mattered a, a great deal…to us." He smiled sadly then, dipping his head. "I'm glad then." She stared at the blond curls on the top of his head, noticing the scattering of golden brown locks amidst all the white yellow strands. "I should go now," she said tremulously, clenching her fists. His head snapped back up, his eyes wide. "Wait! Wait. You can't go yet," he begged, stepping closer toward her as he pulled his hands out of his pockets. "I need to tell you…I need to tell you that I—" "Don't!" she snapped, suddenly seized with fear, and her hand shot out to halt him. She could see it in his eyes, what he needed to say, etched all over the honest planes of his face, and she just couldn't bear to hear it. He looked at her, dumbstruck. "Don't you dare! I can't…That's not fair! You can't do this to me right now, when you…" Her voice cracked, and she couldn't finish. Peeta swallowed thickly, and he nodded in defeat. "Okay." He looked away, his eyes swimming. She stared at him quietly for a moment, then held out her hand to him for a handshake. Confused, he considered her hand before slowly grasping it in his own. His hand was warm, soft; kneading dough must have kept his hands pretty pliable. She suddenly felt self-conscious about her own calloused, bony hands. "Just…try to win," she told him, meeting his eyes again. "And…when you come back, you can tell me then." She meant it. She didn't understand why, but she realized then how desperately she wanted him to come back home. He was the boy with the bread. He was somebody important. To her, at least. Something flickered in his eyes, and he smiled sadly at her, giving her hand a tiny squeeze before letting her go. "I'll try," he whispered. Just then, the Peacekeeper opened the door, causing her to jump. "Time's up," he said gruffly, putting a hand on her shoulder to steer her out of the room. The roughness of his touch sent a peal of fear and desperation down her spine. "You're strong!" she exclaimed suddenly, stumbling backward as the Peacekeeper pulled her out of the room. "I've seen you with the flour bags at the bakery, and—and you came in second in the wrestling competition. Make sure they know that!" Stunned, Peeta watched her leave, straining his neck to peer around the Peacekeeper. "Katniss—" But the Peacekeeper slammed the door shut once Katniss was in the hallway. She huffed at the guard, but his hand tightened around his gun threateningly, so she looked at the wooden door that now separated her and Peeta one last time, before she turned around—and nearly collided with Haymitch. She gasped but immediately clamped her mouth shut, pushing her shoulders back to stand up tall. He squinted at her for a moment, the fumes he emitted nearly choking her. "What's your name, sweetheart?" he asked finally, pulling a flask out of his crumpled jacket and twisting the cap off to take a sip. Katniss wrinkled her nose as he drank, but she answered him, "Katniss Everdeen." He seemed to consider this. "Everdeen, eh? Silas Everdeen's daughter." The mention of her father startled her, and she blinked at him, her mouth twisting into a frown. "Good man," he said solemnly, surprising her yet again. She couldn't imagine her father ever consorting with the likes of Haymitch Abernathy. "I've seen you trading at the Hob, yeah?" The hair stood up on the back of her neck, and she stiffened, glancing back at the Peacekeeper. He wasn't looking at them, but Haymitch picked up on her concern and guided her back toward the square. He continued, his voice low, "I've seen the squirrels you bring to Greasy Sae. Clean shot through the eye every time. You must be pretty good with a bow." If she weren't so paranoid about a Peacekeeper or some kind of Capitol attendant overhearing him, she would be flattered by his compliment. "I don't know what you're talking about," she said coolly, eager to leave his presence and his stench. Haymitch laughed, and they stopped outside of the Justice Building. He gave her one more look, seeming to size her up. "I bet you'd do pretty well in the games," he said, almost to himself. With another pull from his flask, he turned to walk back into the building. Watching his retreating form, she called after him, "You better help him." He turned around slowly, the look on his face unreadable. Then, he smirked at her. "Don't worry, sweetheart. I got plans for Peeta Mellark." She didn't know why, but his words sent chills down her back. Disclaimer: I like to use song lyrics for titles. Reviews much appreciated!