and chick flicks Katniss could stomach, especially when the alternative was an orgasm. So she was often vague about her plans and what she was doing when Delly asked, relieved when her friend didn't push it. She'd tell her eventually, she reasoned. Once Delly had finally shed the permanent sweats she always seemed to be in these days, whenever that happened. In the meantime, she was just going to continue to enjoy her covert relationship—fling, whatever. Which she was currently doing with Peeta's face buried between her thighs. He jerked her hips to the edge of the bed abruptly, throwing her legs over his shoulders before diving back in. Katniss keened enthusiastically as he dragged his tongue between her folds, flicking her clitoris before he sucked it into his mouth. Her thighs began to quiver, and he sensed her impending orgasm, increasing the pressure of his lips. She cried out suddenly as the pleasure crested through her, sharply, exquisitely, and she dissolved into incoherent, inhuman noises while Peeta dipped his tongue inside her to lap up her wetness. He released her a moment later, and she sighed, unwrapping her legs from his shoulders and dropping them over the edge of the bed. He collapsed on the bed beside her, and she forced her eyes open to stare at him glassily. Smiling, he smoothed some hair away from her face. She blinked at him, a random thought popping into her head. "Hey, you hungry? Let's get something to eat," she suggested. He raised an eyebrow. "Well, I just ate," he drawled lazily, and she pushed on his shoulder but curled up against his chest. "Shut up. I'm serious. I think I want Chinese." "Wait a minute," he started, pushing her back some to look down at her. "Is this a date? Are you taking me out on a date?" She gave him a stern look and sat up. "No. You're paying," she shot back and snatched her clothes up off the floor to get dressed. Fifteen minutes later, they were both clothed and down the block in the nearby Chinese restaurant. Katniss swung the door open and stumbled inside, Peeta wrapped around her from behind. He hugged her to him tightly and nuzzled her neck as she struggled toward the cash register. "Come on, Peeta," she whined, a flush creeping up her neck. "People are staring." "Only because you're so beautiful," he murmured into her ear. "And because you look like you just got fucked, that's probably it, too." She twisted in his arms then to scowl at him, but he captured her mouth in a kiss before she could retort. She melted with a sigh, but then she laughed against his lips, relenting to his insistence. He was impossible. "Katniss?" Her eyes popped open, and she froze at the voice behind her. Peeta opened his eyes too, his gaze drifting over her shoulder, and she ripped her mouth from his to spin around. Delly. Her friend stood behind her, a brown take-out bag clutched to her chest as she stared at them incredulously. Her blonde hair was in disarray, her ever-present sweats wrinkled and stained. She squinted her eyes at them. "Is that... Peeta ?" He cleared his throat uncomfortably, but he didn't speak; Katniss opened and closed her mouth soundlessly, unable to formulate a response. Delly continued before she could reply. "You two...are you two dating ?" Oh, no. There was a quiver in her voice. Was she about to cry? Katniss felt like a deer in headlights as she gaped at her friend. Delly's mouth twisted dangerously, but Katniss was stunned when her face broke out into a grin. "Oh, my god, this is too cute !" she squealed, and Katniss' jaw dropped. "Oh, my god, when did this happen? Why didn't you tell me?" "Uhhhh," she said stupidly, her brain still processing the unexpected change in the situation. Delly was happy? "Oh, my god, you two look so precious together! You know, I thought you would look good together. It just works. I had a feeling, you know." "I...you're not upset?" Katniss asked hesitantly, and Delly's eyes widened further. "Upset? Gosh, no! This is so sweet! Look at you—I've never seen you look so happy, Katniss!" she gushed, and Katniss stiffened in Peeta's arms. She heard him snort behind her. "Is that so?" he mused, tightening his hand on her hip. She ignored him. "Well, I—I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I just...I didn't want to upset you, you know—I know you're having a, ah, rough time lately, so..." she trailed off in horror when she noticed Delly's eyes watering. Suddenly, she burst into tears. "Oh, I'm sorry, just ignore me! It's just—I'm so happy to see two people so happy together. It just gives me so much hope," she sobbed into her takeout bag, and Katniss groaned internally, glancing up at Peeta. He looked terrified. Shrugging out of his arms, she was at Delly's side in an instant. "Hey, don't—don't cry, Del. It'll be okay. If it makes you feel better, I wouldn't say I'm that happy with him," she tried to joke, ignoring Peeta's exaggerated cry of pain, but Delly shook her head. "You can't lie to me, Katniss. It's all over your face," she whimpered. Peeta appeared on her other side, gingerly grabbing her elbow. "I know we don't know each other very well, Delly, but I really enjoyed our conversation we had when we first met. Why don't you come back to Katniss' place with us, and we can eat greasy Chinese food together and watch crappy movies or paint each other's nails or whatever it is you want to do," he suggested gently. Delly sniffled and looked up at him, flashing him a watery smile. "Okay, I would like that." He grinned in return and winked at Katniss over her head, coaxing Delly toward the entrance. Katniss watched them go, slightly awed. God, she was going to fuck him so hard later.