"I want you to go down on me." He blinks, and she rolls onto her back; he lets her move away from him this time, watching as she hikes her knees up to plant her feet on the bed, opening her legs for him. He understands what she wants and obediently settles between her thighs, glancing up at her for encouragement before the first tentative flick of his tongue between her folds. When she moans, he grows more bold, stroking and kissing her outer lips before spreading them with his fingers to lap at the moisture gathering between her folds. She knows he must taste himself, too, but he doesn't complain, eagerly dipping his tongue inside her before retreating to lick at her clit. She preens loudly, pawing at her own breasts. "Yes, that's—oh god, keep going," she groans, undulating her hips against his face as he greedily strokes her clit with the flat of his tongue. She gasps when she feels his thick fingers stretch her open, and her hands entangle themselves in his hair to tug his face impossibly closer. "Suck on it," she pleads, and he complies, suctioning his lips around her clit and sucking it between his lips. It only takes her a matter of seconds to explode, and she cries out. "Fuck!" But Peeta doesn't stop, lowering his mouth to her lips to swallow the wetness seeping out of her. His fingers begin stroking her clit while he drinks her down, and she tries to twist away from him, the pain sharp as he applies pressure to the overly sensitive bud. "Don't, Peeta," she whines, but he holds her down fast, his fingers rubbing lighter, lazy circles over her clit, and he continues to lick and suck on her folds almost reverently, humming and moaning against her. Eventually, she feels the pleasure building again, and she whimpers for him to continue, grinding her pussy against his face. Happily, he continues, moving his mouth back up to her clit to flick it between his teeth and tongue. She growls at the teasing gesture, so he flattens his tongue over it again before sucking it into his mouth, teasing the hooded cleft with the tip of his tongue as he suckles her clit greedily. She comes again, much too quickly, wailing into the silence of the room. Her body melts bonelessly into the mattress, and Peeta finally lets up, lifting his head. His cheeks are flushed, his eyes shining, and his mouth and chin are wet from her arousal. "I can keep going if you want," he murmurs, and she shakes her head. "I can't," she says weakly, and he settles down beside her again, taking her into his arms. She's too exhausted to resist him this time. He seems relieved. "Did you like that?" he asks, almost shyly, and she nods. He exhales happily. "I can do that whenever you want. I wanna make you feel good, Katniss. I wanna make you happy. You don't...you don't have to pay me anymore to—to be with you." She stiffens at his declaration, caught off guard. It's like Gale all over again. She turns her head away from him. "I can't...I can't give you what you want, Peeta," she tells the pillow warily, but he squeezes her tighter against him. "I just...I only want to spend some time with you," he urges, his voice shaky. "Just...just a mutual enjoyment of each other's company. I don't—I don't expect any more than that from you, I promise. I just...I don't wanna be your-your whore or, or whatever this is." She takes a deep breath and closes her eyes, her heart pounding in her chest. She doesn't know if she can do that. It feels safer treating their relationship as a transaction, just an exchange of money for services. It is safer. She can't have friends or people she cares about in her life. They are liabilities, and she knows she'll only bring them pain and misery. But he's so earnest, and he's so good and pure...and she's selfish. So very selfish. In that moment, she feels her resolve weaken. In that moment, she feels her walls come down, and she presses her back against his chest, feeling sleep pressing on her consciousness. In that moment, she makes the biggest mistake of her life. "Okay." The sun is hot, sweltering as it beats down on her from above. Katniss can feel the sunburn prickling her skin already, and she swipes at the beads of sweat forming on her forehead. Haymitch is drunk and asleep in the seat next to her, and she rolls her eyes when he snorts, watching the crowd of potential tributes in the square before her sway anxiously on their feet; she's watching but not really seeing. It's better that she detaches herself from the scene. The mayor is at the podium, reading his speech as he welcomes the crowd to the annual reaping, and then Effie sweeps in behind him to greet the district enthusiastically. Katniss tunes her out, blankly staring at the Panem seal that decorates the clock tower. "Ladies first!" Katniss watches Effie draw the name for the girl tribute; she isn't surprised to see a Seam girl, with her dark hair and gray eyes, called to the stage, the crowd rippling with relief as it parts to allow her to her slaughter. It's always a Seam girl, always a Seam boy, ever since she became mentor. They are the most unlucky in their poverty and circumstance, and the Capitol makes them pay for their misfortune. Effie welcomes the terrified girl before crossing to the bowl full of boys' names, daintily dipping her hand inside to fish out a strip of paper. "Now for the boys!" she chirps, and the crowd holds its breath once again. She unfolds the paper delicately, and Katniss just barely catches the name over the sound of her heart sinking to her stomach. "Peeta Mellark!" Follow me on tumblr: fuckingplebe .