on one of the bunks. She sees the Hawthornes across the way as Gale leads his family to their compartment, and Katniss shares a nod with her old friend, relieved to see them safe. The missiles must have been closer than they thought because it doesn't take long for the first one to hit. The bunkers shudder violently as an explosion rips across the surface, a loud boom resonating in her core. Katniss holds Peeta and Prim tighter, squeezing her eyes shut as they hunker down to wait out the attack. She hopes all the residents above made it to safety in time. It doesn't last as long as the last one, and the missiles hit in much quicker succession this time. They're only on lockdown for a little more than 24 hours before they're given the go-ahead to leave the bunkers. There's a disturbance as they're trying to clear out of the lower levels, however. Another mechanical voice overhead instructs people to return to their living quarters, and minor chaos erupts as people debate whether that means their normal quarters or their bunkers. Mrs. Everdeen is certain the instructions are similar to Level Two drills they've had in the past, so she directs them to one of the elevators to head back up to the upper levels. The alarms are much less intrusive and deafening than the previous sirens, so Katniss is inclined to believe her; still, they have to fight against the mass of bodies that can't decide if it wants to stay in the bunkers or head up. They've just returned to their floor when they run into Haymitch. He looks crazed and bedraggled, but his eyes flash when he spots Katniss. "You!" he barks, pointing at her, and she freezes. "Follow me, now!" She looks to Peeta, who is equally confused, but when Haymitch's gaze darts to him, the older man's face contorts so bizarrely, Katniss is almost afraid he's having a stroke. "What do you need us for?" she demands defensively, but Haymitch shakes his head, grabbing her arm. He pushes Peeta toward Mrs. Everdeen and Prim, who clutches a mewling Buttercup protectively. "Just you. Florence, take him and Prim back to your room." When no one moves fast enough for his liking, he snaps, "Do it now!" And he's dragging Katniss off before she can object. Her eyes follow Peeta and her family until they're out of sight, and then she tries to twist out of Haymitch's grip. He's stronger than he looks. "What are you doing?!" she cries. "You're hurting me!" Is he drunk? She doesn't smell any booze on him, and she can't imagine how he'd get his hands on any alcohol in Thirteen, anyway. "Sweetheart—" He stops himself and grits his teeth, shaking his head once again. "There's been a development. You need to see this. I doubt Coin wants you to, but—" He doesn't say anything further, and Katniss is too mystified to continue arguing with him. What could have possibly happened during the bombing? He takes her to the hospital floor, and they're greeted with even more commotion as nurses and soldiers run up and down the hallways, jostling the pair as Haymitch steers her to wherever they're going. "What the hell is happening?" she wonders out loud. "Did someone get hurt?" She can't imagine what sort of emergency would necessitate this sort of chaos; maybe Coin or even Plutarch got injured in the bombing… "Not quite," Haymitch bites out. After a moment, they find themselves standing outside a room full of doctors and military personnel screaming commands and questions at each other. Katniss recognizes Boggs on the outskirts of the gathering, and she thinks she sees a flash of Coin's silver hair through a glass window in a walled-off room to the side, but there's too many people in her way. Haymitch begins shoving his way through the crowd; no doubt the soldiers are stronger than him, but they seem too bewildered to fight him off. Boggs spots them, however, and intervenes quickly. "Abernathy, she shouldn't be here—!" Haymitch glowers at him. "You know damn well she deserves to see this." They stare each other down, but Boggs relents, ushering them toward the center of the room. By then, Katniss' blood is rushing in her ears. What is going on? She has no idea what to expect, but she begins to fear the worst. Is Gale hurt? Finnick? Posy or Rory or Vick? She pushes a doctor out of her way, and Haymitch releases her arm as she pulls up short in front of a bed. Sitting on the edge of the bed, his arms pinned to his sides as nurses poke him with needles and IVs, is a ghost. No, not a ghost. A ghost is the remnants of someone dead. But Peeta isn't dead. He's back in her living quarters with her mother and sister. So how could she be staring him in the face right at that moment? What the hell is this figment in front of her? His blue eyes are as wild as his ash-blond hair, his pale skin marred by bruises and blood and scratches. Katniss tries to breathe, but she thinks she's forgotten how to. She can't even swallow; her heart feels like it's stuck in her throat. Her knees weaken dangerously. It's too much. "Katniss," Haymitch begins warily, but at the sound of her name, the boy on the bed whips around in her direction, his eyes widening impossibly at the sight of her. " You! " he hisses, his mouth curling in the nastiest snarl she's ever seen. Her whole body goes rigid, a cold sweat inflaming her skin. Black dots float before her vision, and she blacks out right as he lunges for her. The last thing she's aware of is his fingers closing around her neck. Follow me on tumblr: fuckingplebe . I hope to have the second part up in a couple weeks at the latest.