god," she whimpered, bracing her hands against his chest to steady herself. She threaded her fingers through the light dusting of hair there, the muscles hard under her palms. Peeta groaned softly, thrusting up into her slightly. "Fuck, you feel amazing." Using her hands and shins for leverage, Katniss began to rise and fall, clenching her walls around his cock as he pushed inside her, over and over. Her moans came out in quiet, throaty gasps, echoed by his own groans. He slid his hands up her torso to her breasts, holding the weight of them in his palms, and she sat back some to cover his hands with her own, guiding his movements. The tent was hot and stuffy by that point, their body heat trapped by the canvas walls, but she still moved slowly, reveling in how he filled her. Peeta sat up suddenly to wrap his arms around her, and then he rolled her underneath him, hitching one of her knees under his elbow to pull it up to her chest. His thrusts resumed, and Katniss moaned, opening her other leg up wider for him. "God, I need...Can I..." he gasped brokenly, nuzzling her neck, and she nodded in understanding. "Harder," she agreed, wrapping one arm around his shoulder and the other around his back, and just like that, his hips began slamming against hers. It was increasingly harder to muffle her moans as she lost herself to him, but he reached the arm hooked around her leg up to cover her mouth with his hand, his other hand tightly gripping her hip. "You're so hot," he grunted in her ear, and she moaned against his palm, breathing heavily. "You can be loud as you want to next time," he promised thickly, and she just nodded, digging her nails into the vertebrae of his spine. He began to move faster, more erratically, and she knew he was close. "Fuck, Katniss, I'm gonna come." She clenched her walls around him again when he thrust into her then, and he lost it, stilling after a few shallow thrusts. He swore again into her ear as he spilled himself into the condom, his cock pulsing, and she moaned softly at the feeling. After a moment, Peeta uncovered her mouth and slumped against her, burrowing his face against her shoulder. "Sorry for that," he apologized breathlessly, releasing her leg, too, so it dropped to the ground. She just shook her head and turned her face to coax him into a kiss. "I really liked it," she murmured against his mouth, and he stared at her before smiling slightly, smoothing her hair down before kissing her again. Finally, he pulled out of her and rolled onto his back to remove the condom. She sat up to locate her underwear and slip them back on, grabbing his sleeping bag to use as a blanket for them. "I have no idea how to dispose of this out here," he said with a sheepish chuckle, holding up the tied-off condom, and she laughed cluelessly. "Um, I think there's a plastic bag in my bag somewhere," she offered, tucking her breasts back into her tanktop while Peeta fished through her backpack. After he found it and trashed the condom, he moved back toward her, settling under the sleeping bag beside her. She felt shy suddenly, but he pulled her flush against his naked body. "That was really...really...fuck, I'm too out of it to even think of a descriptor," he laughed gruffly, and she buried her face against his chest to hide her smile, humming in agreement. She opened her mouth to respond, but a rustling outside the tent made them both freeze. "Daddy?" Shit. With a quiet gasp, Katniss ducked under the sleeping bag to hide, and Peeta scrambled to sit up, holding the sleeping bag to his waist just as Graham crawled into the tent. Katniss held her breath as she listened, trying not to move. "Graham! What's wrong?" Peeta asked nervously, mild alarm in his voice. "I had a bad dream," Graham croaked pathetically. "Can I sleep in here with you?" Fuck fuck fuck. Katniss' heart thundered in her ear, but Peeta thought quickly. "Why don't you go back into your tent with Dylan, and I'll come in there and tell you a story until you fall back asleep? Okay? Just give a minute, okay, Graham Cracker?" he said softly. "Okay, daddy." Katniss didn't move until she heard the tent flap close, and Peeta sighed in relief. She peeked her head out to find him staring at her. "God, I'm sorry," he said, running a hand through his curls, and she pushed up into a sitting position. "It's okay," she murmured, embarrassed. "Um, sorry I put you in that position..." He shook his head. "No, don't apologize," he said gently, reaching for her hand to squeeze it. "It's absolutely fine. I just—I gotta go deal with him, so I'm sorry." She shrugged, returning the pressure on his hand. "I understand." With a smile in her direction, he fetched his clothes and quickly put them back on; Katniss tried not to stare at his ass as he did so. When he was dressed, he crouched down and kissed her lips. "Um, I'll be back at some point, hopefully, once I get him back to sleep," he said, grinning shyly, and she nodded. "I'll be here," she told him, and then he was gone. She lay back down, snuggling under the sleeping bag. It didn't take her long to fall asleep, exhaustion creeping in steadily. When she woke up hours later, she was surprised to find Peeta wrapped around her, her back snug against his chest. She smiled, easily falling back to sleep. Find me on tumblr at fuckingplebe . Sometimes I write things for Freaky Fic Friday, which only appear on tumblr for the most part. You can check the #freaky fic friday tag on there too to read what everyone else contributes, as well!