food onto his plate to distract himself. But now all he could think about was the way she'd writhed above him, her breasts bouncing and her abdomen rippling with her efforts. Fuck. He was getting hard. He wished he hadn't been too drunk last night to get off. He looked at her out of the corner of his mouth as he ate, noticing how tense and rigid her body was as she ate halfheartedly. He wondered if she was thinking about last night, too. The way her thighs were clenched together told him she probably was. He smirked. "How was training yesterday?" Haymitch finally asked, biting into a crispy strip of bacon. Levi chimed in first to relay the events of the previous day in the training center, Katniss throwing in unenthused confirmations here and there. Her mind was clearly elsewhere, Peeta was sure. Dropping his hand under the table, he discreetly reached it across the small distance between them to her lap. She jumped when his palm slid across her thigh, but she covered it with a cough and took a sip of her drink, her face flushing red. She watched him out of the corner of her eye but didn't dare turn her head to look at him. He kept his attention on the conversation at hand as he quietly ate his melon slices, simultaneously slipping his hand between her thighs. She grabbed his wrist then to stop him; he heard the uptick in her breathing at the proximity of his hand to her center. Slowly sucking the melon into his mouth, he extended his middle finger, barely brushing against the fabric of her leggings, the thin fabric providing little barrier to her middle. She inhaled sharply, her eyes fluttering closed briefly as he swept his fingertip up and down the crotch of her leggings, the pressure on her folds a fleeting, teasing sensation. After a tense moment, she uncurled her fingers from his wrist and released his hand, allowing him to press his hand against her center fully. Katniss snatched a croissant off her plate and stuffed it into her mouth to stifle her heavy breathing. Swallowing the juices of the melon, Peeta bit a piece off of the slice and chewed it slowly, as he rubbed her clit through her pants. He knew she was trying hard to muffle her pleased sounds; her fist was squeezing the croissant so hard it was crumbling in her hand—her other hand was turning white from gripping the table edge so tightly. Popping the rest of the melon into his mouth, Peeta casually observed the other occupants of the table; no one seemed to notice her behavior or the way his arm flexed almost imperceptibly as they chattered endlessly about training and the games. He didn't care—his entire focus was on the heat and wetness between her thighs, which was slickening his hand even through the fabric of her clothes. Katniss kept taking bites of the croissant, but she didn't appear to be swallowing any of it, her cheeks puffing out as she hoarded the flaky roll in her mouth—her sounds were getting a little louder, and though she made an effort to keep them open, her eyes kept shutting for longer periods of time; finally she just cast her head down, some of her hair falling in front of her face to conceal how heated she was. He didn't move his fingers any faster, but he bore down harder; she came soon after, the croissant mashed in her fist as she pressed it to her mouth. She whimpered in the back of her throat, a little too loudly, drawing strange looks from a few of the others. Peeta stopped moving his hand as she throbbed against his fingers in an attempt to deflect any suspicions. The others soon turned back to their food and the conversation; only Haymitch seemed to be watching the two of them intently, a strange look in his eyes. Peeta raised his eyebrows, biting into another slice of melon, and then he turned his head to Katniss, whose whole body seemed to sag now, the crushed croissant still pressed to her lips. "Those are amazing croissants, aren't they?" he threw out casually, chuckling darkly when she managed a weak nod. When the tributes were dismissed to get changed for training, Katniss practically ran from the table, shooting him a nasty glare as she went. Peeta just grinned to himself as he finished the rest of his breakfast. Later that day, he and Haymitch had to meet with Capitol residents to start securing potential sponsors for their tributes. They had just stepped into the elevator when the older man fixed him with a pointed look. Peeta arched an eyebrow curiously. "What?" "Whatever you're doing with that girl, you need to stop," he said harshly. Peeta blinked, trying not to smile. "I don't know what you're talking about," he said innocently, but Haymitch glared at him. "She's too young, Blondie." Peeta shrugged, leaning against the glass wall of the elevator. "Not as young as you think," he replied cryptically, letting his smile slip through this time, but Haymitch shook his head. "She's your tribute. I'm telling you, it's a mistake. You don't want to get too attached," he warned. "I've been at this for a while. Trust me." Peeta glowered suddenly, pushing off the wall. "And you know everything, don't you?" he snarled, stalking out of the elevator when the doors slid open on the bottom floor. He wasn't attached to her. He just wanted to fuck her. Like the other districts didn't deal with this; he knew for a fact it happened with the Career districts. He'd already overheard one of the District 1 mentors bragging about bagging the female tribute, Glimmer. He was doing Katniss a favor, really. She could very well die in a week's time—shouldn't she soak up every last bit of pleasure she could? Feedback appreciated! Pretty nervous about this one :)