Their mother gave no sign of notice, lying on her bed as she was. The girls moved around the bed to cut into her sight line. She could no longer stare through the dresser, but through them. Katniss made for the bedside lamp and Prim unfurled the swaddle of cloth. It was a dress, Katniss realized. Not only that - somehow she hadn't recognized it by the color alone - but it was her mother's favorite dress before one of the neighbor's dogs got a hold of it. Their dad gave it to her for her birthday one year. "It's Christmas, mommy. I fixed this for you," Prim said timidly. Katniss craned her neck around to see the front of the dress. On the bottom corner was a spatter of cantaloupe-colored corduroy patches. A sundry of emotions roiled through Katniss as she watched their mother lie in her neglect. "Hey, Prim," Katniss said. "Could you go dish up our plates?" Prim hesitated, but left, draping the dress over their mother's feet. Katniss set the dishes on the bedside table then got to her knees. Eye level with the mother of two children, she said with rigidity, "It's almost the new year. We're running out of school supplies. And dad's death benefits aren't enough, even with Section-" "What happened to your lip?" Katniss froze. Her mom looked at her, brows twitching like they wanted to furrow but couldn't remember how. "I got mugged," Katniss admitted, and bitterness flavored the words. Nearly imperceptible, a shift occurred in her mom's eyes, but she did not speak, and she did not sit up, nor did she fully return to herself; her deep sadness still mutated her posture, still turned down the corners of her lips. Nevertheless, her hand fumbled over the blanket to bump fingers with Katniss' where they clung to the duvet. Katniss watched this, surprised when a teardrop tickled her cheek. She brushed it away. Her mom faded out again soon after that, but a persistent, sanguine thought kept Katniss from frustration. It told her that mom might be waking up. She dimmed the lamp and went to find Prim. After they ate their fill, Prim steered Katniss to the sofa to share gifts. She shoved a brown bag at Katniss and sat beside her to watch. Peas, beets, corn, onions, cucumbers, potatoes, carrots, peppers, pumpkins - packets and packets and packets of seeds were pulled from the parcel. Katniss spread them out on the coffee table. "Prim," Katniss began, "how did you get these? Where did you get the money for all this?" Pudgy, Prim's young cheeks were filled by her grin. "Mr. Clarke gave them to me." "What? Does he know how much this costs?" "Yeah, I guess. He said he gets them for free from his dad." Katniss' expression didn't clear much, so Prim reassured her. "Don't worry, Katniss. We bartered; I'm bringing him Lady's milk next Friday." Katniss backed off. "Thanks, Prim." "It'll be fun to keep a garden," her sister said. "Your turn." Katniss pulled a large black bobby pin from under her braid. Prim took it and looked it over. "Miss Tess taught me a new hairstyle." Prim's head jerked back up, smile wide. "Show me?" For the next few minutes Katniss went through the lesson in her head while Prim pressed to find out what it would look like. It began with a braid around the front of Prim's crown, then she dipped the bobby pin in and out of the topmost twist of the braid, threading through loops of hair one at a time from the part in her hair down to her ear. Eventually Prim pieced together the design and her head swayed between dips of the pin as she sought out a reflective surface. Katniss blocked each attempt until the pin was forgotten on the table, and Prim's loose hair was pulled back in an over the shoulder braid. Ecstatic chatter trailed after Prim as she skipped to the bathroom mirror and back, muffling when she threw her arms around Katniss. It was obvious she was trying to keep her hair out of the hug for fear of ruining the bows of hair Katniss pulled through the braid. "A bow braid, Katniss!" was all she could make out during the embrace. Katniss fondly listened to Prim's jabber until it was obvious she was winding down for the night. Katniss tugged her sister into their shared bedroom where they read their longtime favorite Christmas tale, The Foolish Fir-Tree , and Ring Out, Wild Bells when Prim still wasn't ready to sleep. They took turns preparing for bed, Prim going first while Katniss tended to the fire and sponged down their dishes. Dressed in pajama pants and her dad's ratty old t-shirt, Katniss rambled into their bedroom, turning off the lights behind her. Prim was sat on her bed by the window, turning the key on her music box. She looked up when her sister walked into the room and set the box down. "Can I sleep in your bed tonight?" she asked over the first twanging notes of The Valley Song. Katniss' attention was monopolized by the music, but she nodded and climbed into bed. Prim flicked off the overhead light and settled down with her back to Katniss', whispering her goodnight. Distractedly, Katniss murmured her response. As though she were at the bottom of an hour glass just tipped on its end, exhaustion pressed on Katniss like mounds of sand. It weighed on her body and played at her eyelids like fingers, but the music box was still going. She didn't know why, but she couldn't sleep until it stopped. She clenched her jaw to keep awake. The Valley Song was once one of Katniss' favorites, but over the last year it became a chore to listen to. Because each time Prim wound up the music box, Katniss could not bring herself to move on until the notes drifted to a halt.