around. "Okay guys this is when you need to close your eyes." "What?" "Rye, put your hands over your dad's face. Make sure he doesn't peek." Rye grinned as he placed his small hands over his face, his fingers spread wide. To feel his son's chubby hands on his face, so trusting and free of worries made Peeta's heart burst. At one point in his life, Peeta never thought this would happen. He was happy to have survived, to be able to pick the fake memories from the real ones. To his child smelled like stardust and magic. "Don't open your eyes, daddy." "Okay I won't but make your mommy keeps her eyes closed. She likes to cheat." "Do not." Katniss scowled but her voice conveyed warmth and love. "Do too…" Peeta countered back as he pulled Katniss close to him. Rye's peals of laughter suddenly lit up the air. It put everyone into the Christmas spirit. They continued until they stopped. "Okay folks, time to dismount." "Haymitch, be a dear and help them get down safely," said Effie. " It will not do to have them get hurt." Haymitch helped them get down. "Okay, on three Rye." Lil and Rye gleefully looked at each other together they yelled, "One, Two Three, Surprise!" For a moment there was stunned silence. They stood before the cabin, that Katniss always wanted to fix up. But had not been able to. First they were healing, then they had Lil, and finally Rye. To see it build up and in the way that Katniss always always dreamed of stole Peeta and Katniss ability to speak. Neither Peeta or Katniss had not come out to the cabin since Rye's birth. Life had become complicated with two children. "Oh my…" Peeta said as they took the final turn. All of his plans were thrown out the window as he beheld the cabin that once belonged to Katniss's father. The roof was fixed, the house was expanded, made bigger on the side and most assuredly in the back. The combination of the snow and the Christmas lights made their home look like a gingerbread house. "My dad's cabin." Katniss whispered. Peeta wrapped his arm around Katniss' small frame. They had amazing kids. For a brief moment it was just them. Then as children do they sought out their parents. "Come on daddy lets go." The kids were pulling Peeta toward the house as Effie trailed behind them. Katniss and Haymitch hung behind. Katniss had no words. "When did this happen?" "Let's just your children have been hard at work. They have been trying to keep this asecret for months now." Haymitch held it together but he looked like he wanted to cry. Katniss was astonished that her daughter had managed to keep the secret. Willow was a bit of a talker and Rye followed suit. "It's cold outside. Why don't we take this little party inside? Come one these two have some surprises in store for you both." Haymitch gruffly herded the group inside. Katniss walked into the cabin, there mounted above the mantle was her arrow and paint brush. She began to pick up the things she thought were misplaced or lost, little touches that made the cabin a home. Haymitch joined Effie in the kitchen. Katniss could see how Effie was trying to keep her emotions in check. "You're not angry with us?" Rye said ringing his little chubby hands. "No!" They both exclaimed in unison. It was true for weeks; both Peeta and Katniss thought they were going mad looking for things. The kids took items that could easily be misplaced. "We wanted to do something for you at Christmas." "Here, my precious. Explain it to you mother and father." Effie carefully balanced abox in her hand, despite her mile high heals. Willow uncovered the box. It contained a gingerbread replica of the cabin, but clearly made with kids hands. Peeta was amazed by the details their kids put into the house. There were fresh gingerbread cookies of their family lining the front of the house. Katniss eyes conveyed her love, as she knew she smelled fresh ginger that morning. "We made a model, of the cabin. Grandpa Haymitch and Aunt Effie helped." "Even the Mayor." Rye quipped. "Our kids have been busy" Peeta whispered. His eyes were bright blue, filled with unshed tears. "We know how much you love the woods but lately you haven't been able to come out here so we wanted to make you a place we can all come out to, even when it gets cold." "See, look. There are your arrows." Rye pointed to where his mom's arrows were inside the house. Katniss swallowed. She wanted to cry at the enormity of what her kids had been up to. Lil looked at her mom in the face, she recalled the words her parents told her this year when they explained about the past and the book. "You said together we are stronger than apart. It's true, together we are stronger. Everyone helped and now we have a place in the woods for us." "Daddy can bake, we can play in the snow, and you can hunt," chimed in Rye. Katniss laughed at her son's optimism. Her children had given her and Peeta a place that was not touched by Snow or the Games. A place that was filled with happy memories, and now it would have her family. She smiled and hunched down in front of her son and daughter hugging them tightly. She never imagined becoming a mother would be like this. Katniss tried to hold back the emotion in her voice. Her arms trembled as she held her babies. "Well since we are giving out presents, I think I will give out mine." Peeta wondered what Katniss was up to. Often one to hold back her emotions, she wasn't good at saying things. With a twinkle in her eye Katniss smiled excitedly. "We're having another toastbaby."