night after that and it was driving Alice crazy. where they together? or where they not?. did he have the same feelings for her as she did for him? Did she even have feelings for him. Of course she did. She realized that night the she had somehow fallen in love with him. The days went on that same as usual. until the end of the games. Alice was sitting in the usual meeting spot as she did many days before. Alice was still frustrated that Gale didn't bring up the night of there kiss. But she figured he's a guy he wont bring it up. Alice was sketching away a picture of a Mockingjay when someone sat down next to her. "Looks good." he says as he leans over to see what she's drawn. Alice jumped and swung her head in his direction. "ow!" they both say as they sit and rub the spot on their heads that had just bumped together. "Geeze Gale you almost made me pee" Alice face went bright red. She did not mean to say that out load. Gale was in a fit of laughter. Alice grabbed her sketch pad and smacked his arm a few times. "ITS NOT FUNNY!" Gale wiped away a tear as he stopped his laughing. Gale took a long look at Alice and noticed something. "You okay?" He asked giving her a questioning look. Alice looked over at him her eyes meeting his. she looked away quickly as the memory came floating back. "I-im fine" she said her face turning bright red. Gale got closer to her face making it turn a deeper shade of red. "Are you sick? if you are you don't need to be out here with me." Alice just shook her head. " im fine let's get going" after a long morning of hunting Alice and gale stopped to clean up the game before heading in to start trading. They skinned the rabbits and squirrels in silence. "About the other night." Gale started not taking his eyes off his work. Alice shook her head "don't worry about it. seeing Katniss kiss someone els must have clouded your mind you weren't thinking and I was just cot in the moment." Gale turned his attention to her. "I'm glad we kissed" Alice looked up at him seeing that he was serous. "You are?" Alice blinked a few times. Gale leaned in placing a genital kiss on her lips. They parted for a shot breath before going back in. both dropping what they were doing. Alice's arms went around his neck pulling him closer to her deepening their kiss. they pulled apart breathing heavily. They started to leave the Hob hand in hand when they heard the trumpets blare from a nearby screen. Gale and Alice listened as the announcer took back the new rule. "Oh no" Alice said as Katniss pulled back her bow seeing peeta holding his knife. Peeta dropped his knife telling Katniss to shoot him. Katniss lowered her bow taking something out of her pocket and started walking toured the blond. "What is she doing?" Alice asked looking up at Gale whose eyes were glued to the screen. Alice turned back to see both Katniss and peeta bending down to eat what ever is in their hands. Right before their mouths could even touch the berry the announcer announced the winners of this years hunger games. Peetah Malark and Kaniss Everdeen. Gale turns and twirls Alice up in the air laughing. once he put her down he leaned in and gave her a quick kiss before they started for the Everdeens home. A few days latter was the victors interview. They kept it light and airy katniss pulling up peetahs pant leg showing his new leg. them giggling and kissing. Alice watch Gale tense up a few times but it didn't seem to send off any alarms with her. Once Katniss was home neither Gale nor Alice were able to congratulate her. Alice was on her way to meet up with Gale and hopefully Katniss in the woods. Alice was almost to their meeting spot when she was stopped by the seen in front of her. Gale had Katniss's face in his hands leaning in and kissing her. Alice froze. 'I knew it was too good to be true.' tears sprung up in her eyes. She had dropped her bag at once and turned back to the fence. where would she go? she had no one to talk to about this. Well their was one person who would probably understand. Alice never really talked to peetah the only time she ever spoken to anyone of the Malarks was when she'd go with Gale and Katniss to bring the Baker a squirrel or the day Peetah brothers chased her into the meadow the day she met Gale. Alice made her way to the victors village in hopes to speak with him. Alice stopped when she realized he might not know. Alice turned her tracks and walked to her brother. Thats where Gale found her. Gale made his way over with her bag in hand. When he pulled away from Katniss he saw Alice from the corner of his eye. Guilt had settled in the pit of his stomach. "Alice?" Gale called to her. The small girl stood up and started to walk away. She stopped before passing him. "Its always been her hasn't it." it wasnt ment to be a question but Gale answered anyway. " I-I don't know im confused" gale turned to look at her. he watched her shoulders shake and tears run down her cheeks. "Alice I" he started but Alice just walked away. Alice felt completely heart-broken she new better than to fall for her best friend but she did anyway. "he never really wanted me he only wanted comfort". that's it for now go leave a comment and all that jazz. the next chapter will be here before the fall!