on me. Look here you silly child, I'm always going to be bigger and better then you so you may as well knock off competing with me." "Pretty doesn't equal dignity honey." They wouldn't teach you that in prep school So it's up to me That no amount of vintage dresses gives you dignity "Not meaning to break up the tea party or anything." Marvel stepped in. "But there's a certain District Twelve tribute laughing at us right now." "She can't stay up there forever." Peeta's voice made everyone jump. We'd all forgotten he was even there. "I mean she has to come down eventually." He explained. "It's either that or she'll starve to death. We'll just kill her then." Glimmer and I both looked at Cato for approval. "Whatever." He snapped. "Someone make a fire." Little miss blonde haired kiss-ass propped up a fire in no time and began cooking her squirrel over it, earning even more compliments from Glimmer. Cato basically ignored me for the entire seven hours we sat at the base of the tree before it started to get dark. "We'll need our rest if we're going to give the Capitol a good show." Marvel announced, pointing towards Katniss. "Who wants to take first guard?" Glimmer's lanky arm shot straight up. "Cato and I will!" She giggled and Cato nodded enthusiastically. Compared to everything Glimmer had done, not only today but nonstop since we'd arrived in the arena, this was hardly a big deal, but it was the one thing that set me over the edge. "Oh for crying out loud!" I screamed as loud as my lungs would let me. "I swear to freaking God if I hear Cato and I come out of your mouth one more time I'm going to tug those pretty blonde pigtails until they bleed! He's my boyfriend ok? Mine! Just back the hell off already! It's always Cato and I this and Cato and I that, look I get you want to make your last days on Earth count but so do I and if the pair of you don't mind I'd like to do that with my boyfriend." Everyone's jaws dropped, and by the time I'd finished I was hyperventilating with tears in my eyes. "Clove." Cato's tone was unreadable. "What's gotten into you? Glimmer hasn't done anything wrong, she's just a friendly person." I let out a blood curling scream, because I was so over trying to make Cato see what a sneaky little bitch she was. Cause she's not a saint And she's not what you think She's an actress Oh whoa Not being able to bear one more look at them I stormed off in the other direction, and no one bothered to follow me. And she's better known For the things that she does On the mattress Oh whoa I had put almost 500 meters in between me and the others before I realized how heavily I was crying. I sat down underneath a tree and pressed my knees to my chest. I sat there for about ten minutes, crying and crying and soaking all of my clothes before I finally heard footsteps. "Clove?" Cato's voice this time was much softer, much more loving. I couldn't bear to look at him. "Clove I'm sorry." This caught me off guard. "What?" I looked up at him. "I'm sorry." He repeated. He sat down beside me and encased me in his arms. "You were right." He continued. "I thought you were letting jealously get the best of you but you were so right. She tried to kiss me." Soon she's gonna find Stealing other people's toys On the playground won't make you many friends My blood ran cold. "She did what?" I shrieked. Cato pressed one finger to his lips. "Shhh." He cooed. "I know I know. I'm sorry I didn't see what she was up to earlier. But I want you to know that you're the only one I love. That's never going to change." He cupped my face in the palm of his hand and gently kissed my lips. I hadn't realized how much of my jealously had been fuelled by cravings for Cato until we were kissing for the first time in two days. Greedily I let him into my mouth and swallowed his lips into mine. When we finally broke apart, I'd almost forgotten why I was ever mad at Cato. Almost. "I want to fall asleep just like this." I mumbled, resting my head on his shoulder. He engulfed me in a tight hug and lightly kissed my forehead. "Okay fall asleep." He assured. "You know, I really hope the next time I see Glimmer it's picture of her in the sky." I muttered mindlessly. Cato hesitated for a second, before he said "I'm not saying I agree, but Karma is a pretty nasty bitch." And he was exactly right. Because the next morning, after I'd fallen asleep and he'd carried me back to the camp at the base of Katniss's tree, I was awoken by a bang followed by extremely loud hums that melted in to Glimmer's screams. "Tracker Jackers!" Cato screamed before I was even aware of what was going on. He literally swept me off my feet and jogged me away from the scene, with Marvel hot on our heels. We ran and ran until we found the lake where Katniss had been cooling off yesterday morning and instantly Cato tossed me into the cool water and let his own body drop in afterwards. "Did either of you get stung badly?" Cato demanded quickly. But neither of us got a chance to answer, because at that moment a booming cannon exploded around the arena and, just off in the distance I could make a broken, swollen, famine body with two blonde plaits. She should keep in mind She should keep in mind There is nothing I do better then revenge Okay guys what did you think? Please review!