who are watching their lovely niece make her way down to the cornucopia, Enobaria is excited at the possibility of the boy Cato winning, Cashmere is thrilled at the thought of Glimmer making it out, Wiress looks horrified by her tribute. Ah the life of mentors. Cashmere is talking up all the sponsors saying how resilient Glimmer is, how she just knows she can do it, after all she would know as her aunt. It's sickening that Cashmere and Gloss didn't blink an eye at the death of their other tribute, but I don't think that they had high hopes for him. After years of mentoring you learn not to get attached, just to watch and see. I didn't care too much about what's his face biting the bullet but when Kai died, something woke up in me. Making me feel. "Oh everyone look!" Enobaria says excited, "Cato's about to finish the last of the careers." Can't stand that woman, scary and not to mention bitchy. Of the three left I hope the girl from One wins, she's extravagantly beautiful and seems to understand what's truly happening. Of course if she does they'll eat her up here in the Capitol. She can join her good ole aunt and uncle in the capitols grand whoring scheme. As she's not to young, she's 17, as is that boy from Two either way Snow will have a new toy here to sell. The screen is showing Glimmer flying though the woods, searching; we can see she's close to intersecting Cato's camp. I doubt the boy will kill her as Enobaria hopes, as he seems to be quite smitten with the killer girl. Pun intended. Techa is by the lake, waiting, plotting. If she wins this I'll be sick. I walk to Cashmere, "Send Glimmer anything she needs, on me. I want her to win" I mutter. I've grown to be friends with the siblings of District One, Cashmere used to be unbearable but after being broken down by the capitol she's fairly good company. Gloss has always been a good guy, more than what he's made out to be. Cashmere makes her way to a computer where she purchases Glimmer her true choice of weapon, a trident. How the hell the girl had come to love that particular weapon is beyond me but Kai allowed her to borrow hers for a bit while they were allied and she showed great skill with it, Cashmere later revealed it's what Glimmer preferred training with. I walk to be behind Cash, "Let her know its from me, I appreciate her help in keeping my sister alive as long as she did." Cash nods and thanks me, wordlessly. I know she wants Glimmer to make it out of this, she got nervous when she got involved with the boy, scared he would trick and kill her. Of course it seemed they were "in love" which brought in great amounts of sponsors, until the girl turned her back and scaled the entire damn mountain and sat in a tree for two days. Seemed a bit melodramatic to me but to each their own. "Cato" My head snaps to the clearing and in comes Glimmer. I feel my face light up I stand up and grab her, and twirl her. "Oh my god Glimmer I was so scared you were dead." I place her on her feet and stare into her gorgeous eyes, as bright and beautiful as emeralds. She's smiling at me with more meaning than before. "I'm so, so happy you're okay." She throws her arms around my neck. She's so thin, thinner than when we came into the games. I wrap my arms around her slim waist and take her in. There's a soft thud, which causes us to separate. It's a trident; one of the sponsors bought her a trident. Her eyes light up and she rushes to pick it up. "Who sent that?" I marvel, "Does it say?" She opens the small note, she's left speechless from its content. She passes it to me. Thank you for all you did. You can win this ~F.O. Finnick Odair sent her a trident. That means… It can only mean that cannon was Kai's. More people than she knows want these games to be hers. Glimmer doesn't cry but I can tell she wants to. She looks op into the trees where there is most likely cameras. "Thank you, I'm so sorry I couldn't save her." It's soft but filled with raw emotion. I don't dare to pull her close with her weapon in hand but I want to. "We have to kill her" There's a harsh tone settled in her voice. She's going to kill the girl from Five. "Let's go then." She nods coldly, leading the way to the cornucopia; she's going to end this. Once and for all. They track their way to the cornucopia, where Glimmer snarls, "Come out, come out Five, I'm ready to end this." Techa strolls out of the forest with a wicked grin on her stone cold features. "As am I Glimmer, as am I. I've grown tired of these games, as have you I can tell." "'Im not here to talk, I'm here to end it." Techa rolls her eyes, "Well that's just no fun! Nice trident, where'd ya get it? Kai's went up with her body, I'd know, I watched." She's spinning a spear in her hand absent-mindedly. Her words strike a nerve with Cato, who reveals himself, storming at her. Kai was Glimmers friend, He throws a knife, Techa throws her spear, and Glimmer lets her trident fly. Two cannons, simultaneously. Glimmers eyes open wide in realization, she falls to her knees with a scream. "Congratulations, we have the winner of the Seventy Third Hunger Games!" Well there's the 73rd games, next chapter will be life after and will begin bringing in Katniss and Peeta. If you could leave a review that'd be amazing. hugs xx