reminded that it's not just me. And that you're prepared to fight." Johanna smirks, "I'm always prepared to fight. And it's not always about you, you need to be reminded that sometimes." I roll my eyes, "Whatever." "Seriously though, you need to make sure that you're not just thinking of yourself and the people you love. Think of everyone else who will be freed from the enslavement of the Capitol. If this all blows up, it's not just us and the Capitol that burns, it could be all of Panem. We could all be ashes. Haymitch was talking about it." "Haymitch?" I blurt out, confused. I cross my arms defensively, "Why didn't he say anything to me? Where was I when this special meeting with Haymitch took place?" I don't like the thought of being in the dark about anything, especially at this point, and didn't Johanna just say we're all in this together? There shouldn't be any secrets. "Calm down." She reaches over and places a hand on my arm, then snatches it back as if she'd been burned. "He didn't want to say anything while you were still in recovery." I know it's more than that because she's in recovery as well. When I say nothing, she sighs and continues, "He wants you to just stay focused on your task of being the Mockingjay and get that right. He doesn't want to worry you - he'd kill me if he knew I was telling you now. Haymitch is just thinking about every scenario that could potentially occur if things go wrong." That doesn't make any sense. I feel my blood boil with anger for Haymitch, he's not supposed to be thinking like that. We need to focus on winning rather than what would happen if I go wrong. It hurts a little that he doesn't have that faith in me. "Oh." is all I say. In the haze of my mixed thoughts I hear Johanna grumbling to herself, calling herself an idiot for what she'd told me. She sighs again. She's been doing that a lot, clearly choosing her words very carefully. "It wasn't his idea. Coin demanded that he has to think of both sides. He argued that it's not necessary but Coin was adamant. I didn't want to bring her up right now but I have to clear up the mess I made. Don't be angry at Haymitch. Now's not the time." I think I nod, I'm not sure. The only thing I can register are the millions of thoughts flying around in my head. Mostly to do with Coin and what she's really up to. I feel Johanna flick my hand, "Don't be angry at Haymitch. Now is not the time." She repeats, enunciating the last sentence, providing a flick at my hand with each syllable. "Okay?" she adds. "Okay." I repeat. "Good girl." she says condescendingly. The lack of morphling has started to catch up to me and I can feel drowsiness encroaching relentlessly into my awareness. The only thing I can come up with is "Shut up." Johanna smirks, "Nice comeback." She teases. "Whatever." Johanna notices I'm running on empty and detaches the morphling from her arm, hissing as it pulls it out and cursing under her breath. "Here." she says as she holds the morphling out for me to take. It frustrates me that I don't have enough in me to grasp the morphling and Johanna offers to put it in me. "Okay" I agree. The fatigue hit me so fast I don't even have the energy to apologise for cutting our conversation short. "At least you'll be unconscious now, I was starting to think this was never going to end. Nearly put you out myself." She mutters as she concentrates on entering the morphling back into my arm. As she's adjusting the needle, it starts to seep into my bloodstream and I moan a little in appreciation of the relief. I feel her motions halt for a moment before she whispers something and then continues, making sure it's comfortable. "Okay enough for you princess?" she askes, tone suddenly gentle. "Hmm." I hum in contentment. The ways her nails are raking over my scalp is making me sleepy. I half expect her to sing me a lullaby. I smile a little as her fingers comb through my hair. I realise she's humming a tune, but I'm fading in and out of consciousness so I can't make it out properly. All I know is that it's soothing. I'm on the verge of falling into complete slumber when I feel a light pressure on my lips. A fingernail grazes slightly over my lower lip. Then something replaces the finger. Lips. Lips that are soft and send my body tingling once more. I let my heavy eyelids fall shut and allow the heat and sensation of proximity to wash over me, sparks shooting under my skin even as the morphling begins to carry me away. I've never known such soft, inviting lips, never felt this much from just one tender, close-mouthed kiss. Suddenly she's pulling away. For a moment I struggle to follow her, to not let this stop, but the drugs have suffused my system and every inch of me is like lead pinning me down. I think I hear an intake of breath somewhere above me. Then she's leaning down again and I feel her warm breath on my ear. She whispers something in my good ear: "You remind me of her." I hear her voice crack on the last word. I know who she's talking about and one of the very last things I hear is the sweet goodnight she bids. I dream of her and I in another world. I know what she meant now when she said she wondered what would be if things weren't the way they were. My final thought before total unconsciousness is of Johanna, and how I've just been handed one more reason to keep fighting.