sadness within her Uncle Peeta that Prim had the distinct feeling it was due to Katniss. "Doesn't she want to grow up?" Peeta looked out toward the window. "No. Katniss wanted to continue to have grand adventures with the lost boys." Peeta smiled at Prim who was nearly four, but already understood complicated things. "Now it is time to go to bed. I have work tomorrow at Mag's Bakery." Prim lay down as her Uncle Peeta tucked under the covers. She questioned "Do you think she is happy?" "Yes" Peeta said as he stood and turned off the lights. In the back of his mind, he knew one day she was going to come back to him and find that he was old man. Then it would be too late for himPeeta walked to the window that was once his. He stood looking out not knowing Katniss was plastered up against the wall just to his right. Peeta closed the windows to the balcony and shut the shades. Katniss heard the muffled goodnight before the door to the nursery was shut. She flew down to the window that was just below the nursery. This was Peeta's new room. He always slept with his window open so she came here to simply observe him. She found this room to be drab. There were no brightly colored walls, no toys just a bed, a wardrobe tucked into a corner with a desk and a chair pushed up against the wall. She watched him sit heavily on the bed. He took his sketch pad that was on his bed and opened it. Katniss knew it was drawing he made of her. She snooped into his room one day when her curiosity had gotten the better of her. Katniss had even visited the bakery dressed a boy. She swiped a cheese bun from the counter. Then made her escape by flying to the rooftop where she greedily ate his handcrafted delicacy. He spoke into the emptiness. "Are you happy, Katniss?" His words were so sad that they struck Katniss to her core. Peeta sighed heavily setting the picture on his bed. He stood and began to remove his shirt. Katniss' mouth went dry as watched him remove his shirt and under shirt. Katniss was never interested in the masculine form until this moment. His chest was beautifully sculpted. All those hours of tossing hundred pound bags of ingredients, for the bakery he worked at, over his shoulders, paid off. Katniss licked her lips. When his hands went to his belt buckle, Katniss became red. Nervously, she quickly flew away to the roof of the house. Katniss sat on the ledge of the roof trying to calm her self down. Nothing like this had ever happened to her. Katniss was changing and it scared her. Two weeks ago she awoke up to find her sheets were bloodied. It was terrifying, not understanding what was happening to her body. She stole away to this world without anyone knowing and overheard whispered conversations between the adult women and the changes girls went through. It was called a period a sign her body was preparing itself f to have children one day. This made Katniss panic. For the first time in her life and had to hide something from everyone. She was glad it disappeared after about a week. Since then Katniss acknowledged she had begun to act unlike herself. The need to see Peeta increased with every turn. Last week she could not sleep and unbeknownst to Jo or the boys she came to his window in middle of the night. He slept so soundlessly. His hair flopped over his eye. She sat on a corner of his bed only intending to look at him, but fell asleep. When she awoke it the morning she was wrapped up in his arms. She took the moment to bask in the feeling of being with him. As far back as she could remember Katniss had always been alone. Jo found her abandoned and helped raised her. Katniss grew up to a certain point and stopped. For hundreds of years she existed with out a care in the world. But meeting this boy changed her life. The bond was unbreakable. She sniffed him. He smelled of bread and dill and of all things that were wonderful. When he uttered her name in his sleep, Katniss panicked and levitated them both until he fell on to the bed. As she zoomed out through his window she heard him crash on to the floor. Katniss scolded herself afterwards, and promised herself she would never do that again. But she could not help herself tonight. She needed Peeta. She closed her gray eyes. She could hear Jo approaching. Jo flew to where Katniss sat. "Are you done acting silly?" Katniss put her arms around her legs as she propped her chin on her knees. Her thoughts turned to Peeta. Katniss very much enjoyed staring at his blue eyes. She loved listening to him. He could weave a story like no one else. Katniss felt different whenever she was around him. From within her pocket she pulled out the thimble he gave her. It was a Kiss. Jo twisted her lips at the sight of the thimble. "Oh no, not that thing again." "What does it feel like Jo?" Jo heard it in Katniss voice. That uncertainty combined with loneliness. Katniss was making a decision. "It is not an easy life for humans Katniss. Don't even think about it. Grown ups don't laugh a lot." Katniss was more than curios. Her heart was longing for something she did not understand and was utterly frightened of. She needed information. Suddenly Katniss took off. Jo followed behind her as they flew toward Never Land. She was glad to put distance between Katniss and this human boy. Jo was determined to talk some sense into Katniss and her best bet was when they arrived at their home.