is over. The loud clap startles me from my thoughts. "Well," says Marius, rubbing his hands together as he hops to his feet. "You know what this little reunion needs? Drinks. Am I right?" He winks at Julia, who giggles. "Oh my God, yes. Please." "Neer?" "Do you even have to ask?" "'Tavian?" "Sure." And thank you. Thank you for always picking up my slack, for smiling when I can't. He chuckles, waves, and heads off towards the bar car. Smart of him not to just call an attendant. No need to advertise how drunk a decorated army captain, the head of 2's public relations, the mayor of said district, and the president of Panem are going to get tonight. Though Julia's bodyguards are still present, standing back against the compartment wall. I'd nearly forgotten they were here. "Must be hard," I say to her. "You know, having to be escorted everywhere." "You don't?" "Not now, not really. Two's been pretty quiet." Nero raises an eyebrow but doesn't say anything. He knows the real reason I don't want to be guarded at all times is because I can't stand it. Spending the rest of my life with these faceless men and women is like a slap in the face, a constant reminder that perhaps, if I'd been more normal, I could've been surrounded by my family instead of my workers. But you still have a family, the small voice inside me argues. You have Marius and Nero and Julia, who walked back into our lives better than anyone was expecting. You have them, and that's never going to change. The explosion sends us all flying. A loud blast, a scream from Julia, a gasp from Nero, a grinding screech as the train derails. But I can make no sound, only watch as the world dissolves into chaos. Julia's guards are struggling to get to her, but our car is moving too violently, and is it tipping now? Nero shouts something, but I don't know what's going on. Fear has seized me, trapping my terrified conscious inside a body that will not move and a mind that cannot think save one ever-repeating thought. Not again. Not again. Not again. The explosion was close to Marius. Too close. I'm unaware what happens after that. I think I stay awake for a little while longer, but what I do, I cannot say. In any case, I soon find myself struggling out of the darkness and pain of unconsciousness. Did I faint? No, the back of my head is aching and sore. I was hit by something. Am I okay? It takes all my remaining strength to crack one eye open and take in the scene around me. I do so slowly, dumbly, like I don't fully comprehend what's just happened. We're still in the train car, but everything's wrong. The furniture, all us people, we're on the wall. All us people . . . Julia! Nero! My pounding head struggles to give meaning to these names, to voice my thoughts and cry out for my siblings, but I find myself unable to. It's like I'm watching them from behind a TV: able to see them, but helpless to do anything. A pile of grey nearby is starting to move—the bodyguards, rising and helping a protected Julia beneath them to her feet. "Miss President, ambulances are on the way. Are you all right?" "No, I'm not all right! I thought we'd been careful, I'd thought we'd avoid this, I . . . Oh God, my brothers, where are my brothers?" "Here," comes a groaning voice from beneath the overturned sofa we'd been sitting on so casually moments ago. "Now, if you could be so kind—" The bodyguards don't have to be told twice. With a powerful heave, they lift the sofa up, and Nero slides out, clambering unsteadily to his feet. He's bleeding from the forehead, with a nasty gash on his shoulder. "Nero, you're hurt!" "Forget me, where's 'Tavian? And Marius? We have to get to him right now, he was closer to the explosion and—" "No. No, you aren't saying—" "I'm not saying anything, Julia, but we need to get to him." "Oh God . . ." Julia sinks to the floor, out of site, but I can still see Nero through my one open eye. His mouth is pressed in a thin line, his jaw clenched, his eyes hard and impossible to read. But I know that look. It's the same one he wore when he heard of Aetius's capture. Everyone assured him it would be all right, they'd get back his boyfriend and the whole squadron taken with him, but Nero knew. He's not one to fool himself like others. He doesn't get his hopes up if he doesn't believe the cause merits such optimism. I've never known him to be wrong. My one good eye begins to burn. I shut it, feeling the wetness growing in its corner. Marius. Marius the ever-pleasant. Marius the smiler. Marius the supportive younger brother. Marius. And Clodia and Agrippa and Mom. And countless others. Fingers tense and my grip tightens; only then do I realise I'm holding something. Hard surface, more ragged edges within—my book. Somehow, I grabbed my book in all the chaos. Not my brother, not my sister: my book. But I did it for them. For all of us. My book tells of empires that fell because the people could not be controlled. We need to learn from history. The rebels can't get away with this. I won't let them. I won't let them! Aetius. Mom. Agrippa. Clodia. Marius. They need to be taught. No, they need to be punished. I knew it, I always knew it, but I doubted, and now I've lost another. No more. They can do all the losing from here on out. They can watch their people suffer. I've had enough. "That curtain is shaking." "It's 'Tavian! 'Tavian, you all right?" I'll make them pay.