into the densely covered trees. His eyes keenly searched the tops of the trees. "PEETA" Katniss was frustrated. "He came here into my woods." "The last I heard the woods were free to everyone. Besides look at him, he is no condition to even be out here. Plus I heard him apologize." Peeta walked over to where Gale was standing. He yanked out the arrows that impaled his old nemesis clothing to the tree trunk. Peeta was in top physical condition. He was taller, muscular, the man looked better now than when he was a kid. Gale watched Peeta touch a tree then peer into it. "In your condition you should not be up in that tree! We agreed you could go hunting but this is irresponsible, just think about the example you are setting." Peeta called up into the tree. "Oh come on Peeta seriously I just wanted to scare him." Katniss grumbled back. She was frightened when she heard the footsteps. Hiding in the trees seemed like a good idea. "Besides he scared me. He sounded like a heard of spooked dear running through the forest." "Katniss" Peeta warned. "That is no excuse for shooting at him." Gale sat back never having imagined seeing this side of their relationship. He only recalled the sappy kid who went bananas as result of Snow tampering with his memory. He could never have imagined Peeta Mellark being so authoritative. "You too missy," Peeta called out into the opposite side of the tree. "I know Katniss is vulnerable right now but you should know right from wrong." Gale saw a rustling in the trees as booted leg came down. Peeta easily grasped Katniss as she descended. "I should have never told you to eat those dammed pears." Katniss uttered grumpily. She was having fun at Hawthorne's expense. She thanks to Peeta and Dr. Aurelius had forgiven Gale, but she could not forget. Peeta laughed "You would have forced fed me those pears, had I not eaten them. You like being bossy." A small smile played on her lips as Peeta easily held her tenderly before putting her down on the floor. Peeta was right she Katniss Mellark was extremely bossy. It was how she got pregnant the second time. Gale was shocked. He could not utter nor form any words as his silver eyes took in his old friend. Katniss was pregnant. Her rounded stomach was encased in a man's shirt, most likely Peeta's. "How did you know where I was?" "Thom came into the Bakery to warn me that Gale had gone after you." Peeta mentioned. "I only had seconds to run out, get on the horse and get over here. I could only imagine what you would do in your state." "You're P…p…Pregnant" Gale stuttered. Katniss rubbed her swollen belly smiling like the cat who stole the milk. "Yep. Look I forgave you a long time ago." Katniss blushed as she saw the hole in his clothing. "Sorry about that" she pointed to his suit. "I ah got a little angry and I am hungry." It was then Peeta gently called "You too Kitten, it is time to get down now." "You mean there is another one." Gale was amazed. A child's laughter could be heard through out the forest. "Okay Daddy." Peeta reached out for his daughter. Gale watched a little girl fly into Peeta's arms. She had dark hair and striking blue eyes. The same eyes her father had. "How…" "He wanted them…" Katniss said shrugging her shoulders. Smiling proudly at her child and thinking of the one yet to be born. Peeta was always ahead of her. It always took her just that much longer to figure out what he knew. She loved being a mom just like he knew she would. The whole pregnancy thing though she did not like. However shooting at Gale was fun. "Did I shoot okay mommy?" "Yes you did Kitten you split the arrow in half." Katniss proudly said. It was then the two security guards came crashing in through the forest guns drawn. Suddenly they realized who they had their guns pointed to. "It's the Mockingjay…." "It's Peeta." Gale saw his two burly security guards succumb to their idols. They instantly turned into two hyper venting teenage fan girls. "Can I have a picture with you, I mean…" The one with the lethal looking scar on his neck said blushing slightly "…if possible?" "You are a legend I have been trying to perfect your goat cheese and pears recipe for years." "Why don't we all go to my Bakery?" Peeta spoke up. "That way we can all eat and have a nice long chat." Peeta suggested as he pointed looked at his wife. He knew her hormones combined with her emotional response to seeing Gale Hawthorne was going to rule out her sensible side. "Okay…" Katniss knew Peeta was going to lecture her. But she did not care frankly she was having fun. "Can I have a cheese bun, before you lecture me?" Gale shook his head wondering when the world turned upside down. "Can I have a cookie?" "With a glass of milk and some apple wedges." Peeta said wanting his baby girl to have something more nutritious. Gale watched the little girl who looked exactly like Katniss give her daddy a hug. As there party began to move out of the forest and toward the Meadow. Peeta put his child down. She hung back to where Gale followed behind. Suddenly she stopped walking and pointed at him with her bow. Her small high pitched baby voice shouted pointedly at Gale. "You were never my mommy's boyfriend. Only my daddy was." She narrowed her blue eyes at him then gave him a scowl that would rival her mothers "Got it!" Gale was startled by her little scowl and the flash of steel in her blue eyes. He nodded and agreed he Gale Hawthorne was never Katniss' boyfriend. The End