get it here within an hour or less sweetheart." He stares at Peeta in silence for a moment. "Peeta's a fighter, he'll make it." I wanted to believe him, I wanted to run, but both seemed like slim hopes. "I know." I say though. I feel Gale's eyes on me and I feel resentment rise, but I try to push it down. "So why are you back in District 12?" I ask avoiding looking at him. "I came to check on my family." He pauses long enough to cause me to look up, but he's looking at Peeta. "And I came for your birthday Catnip." Birthday? The word or concept seems alien after all that's gone on. The Rebellion, Peeta, Prim, Finnick, Cinna, Boggs, rebuilding District 12. The thought of celebrating me turning only eighteen just doesn't seem right. "Course. I forget people still have those." Haymitch says resentfully. He walks away from me towards the fireplace and grabs the bottle I stole off of it. "Here's to you, if the Hunger Games still existed, never again after this year having to attend a reaping as a possible tribute." He drinks. "Not that you would be since you're a victor, but gives me a reason to drink." And he sets to work finishing the bottle. Peeta's moans have grown softer and the pool of blood gradually bigger. He's going to make it; he's going to make it! I tell myself in a forceful believable tone. It's all I can do not to break down completely. "Katniss?" Gale's voice cuts into my thought and I flinch. "Have you checked on your family yet?" "No." "You should go check on them, let them know you're here." I say. I look up and Gale gets it, I still can't think of him without relating him to the cause of Prim's death. "Ok, I'll be back to check on Peeta. If you leave before I make it back, then it was good seeing you Katniss." And I could tell he meant it. "You to." And I wanted to mean it, but it came out sounding empty. Gale got up and nodded to Haymitch who was running a hand over my bow. "Keep an eye on him." He tells me. "Goodbye Haymitch." Gale yells startling Haymitch to where he starts tripping over himself to turn around and falls into a chair. He looks over the edge of the arm and glares at Gale. "Watch it." He growls. Then a little kinder but still surly, "See ya kid." I would have laughed but at that moment Peeta squeezed my hand and my eyes flashed to him. He was pale and sweating and his teeth were gritted together. His blue eyes looked at me in agony, pleading. "Kill me." He whispers. My voice is just as low. "Peeta, no. A hovercraft is-" "Kill me." He says a little louder. Gale who had almost left the room stops. Peeta shakily reaches into his pocket and is too weak to bring it back out so I help him and when he opens his palm, he holds a tiny purple pill, nightlock. "Peeta no!" I say and take the pill from him. "I'm not going to-" "If someone else says you aren't going to make it I will personally give them this nightlock pill!" Peeta opens his mouth to speak, "Excluding you." "Gale," Peeta croaks. Gale looks at Peeta sadly and shakes his head. "I'm already blamed for the murder of someone Katniss loved; I will not be blamed for two." And I feel pain rip through me. And words Haymitch had said about Peeta now can suddenly apply to Gale, I'm punishing him, over and over, for something that was out of his control. But was it? He made the bombs. My feelings still haven't sorted out. "It's not murder, a favor." Peeta says. "I owe you nothing!" Gale snaps. "I kept her alive." Gale was glaring at Peeta. If there was one thing in life to hate, it's owing people, and being from the Seam, we know about them all too well. And Peeta just hit the one favor Gale knows he hasn't repaid. "Gale, if you-" I start. Gale turns on me, "If I what Katniss?" He snaps at me. "Carry out your dying love's wish? Put him out of his misery? Help him? Touch him? Are you going to blame me if he dies to? Or am I pardoned?" I stare at Gale in stunned silence. "Didn't think so." He looks at Peeta. "I'm sorry, but I can't kill my friend." Huh, Gale and Peeta as friends. I would have never though that could happen. "I understand," Peeta whispers. With that Gale turns on his heels and leaves. "Quite the heartbreaker aren't-" "Shut up Haymitch," I say and sit crossing my legs by Peeta, staring, waiting, because that's all that's left to do. Sit and wait and hope Peeta makes it, which even I know is a futile chance. But he keeps fighting, for me, and selfishly I'm keeping him, making him suffer. Tears start to roll down my cheek as I take a deep breath. "Peeta, you can go to sleep now." His blue eyes which have been fighting to stay open look at me and a frown pulls at his white lips as he catches the double meaning. "No." "I'll sing to you." I say, and images from a different death come to mind. Rue. And I already know what's about to happen. "Katniss, I'm not-" But as soon as I start to sing Deep in the Meadow, by the chorus his eyes have become heavy. "Katniss," he says as I continue to sing, but I don't stop. "I love you." And I reply with the ending of the chorus. By the second chorus his eyes have closed and his breathing has become shallow. Tears spill over and my voice shakes as I finish the song then lean down and kiss his forehead gently.