at her as she stood. "Sing?" She asked. The teacher looked her, a strange look on her face. Katniss suspected everyone had been wondering about the poor child of Haymitch and Maysilee. With a deep breath, Katniss began to sing. It seemed to cleanse her. She became calm, and it suddenly didn't matter if everyone was looking at her. It didn't matter that Katniss felt lonely and confused. The singing reminded her of a time she'd loved to return to. When it was over, the class clapped. Katniss sat back down, and wished the day were over. She ate the lunch Father packed. She listened to Madge talk about the District. She said "Hi" to numerous children who wanted to meet her. When the final bell rang, and she was putting her backpack on her back, Katniss turned to walk out of the classroom door and found herself face to face with someone she hadn't met yet. It was a boy, who she had noticed sat in the front of the class. He had blonde hair and blue eyes, like most everyone in town did. At first, he didn't say anything to her. Then he smiled, and she blinked. His smile was bright and so, so happy. "You have a really pretty voice," he said. To her chagrin, he shyly handed her a daisy. It was slightly rumpled, but somehow that was fitting to her. She took it out of his hand and smiled back. Something about him just oozed happiness. "Thank you. I'm Katniss," she said awkwardly, figuring he probably already knew that. "I'm Peeta." She would have giggled at his name, but she didn't really have the right. He was named after bread; she was named after a plant. "You walking home? Don't you live in Victor's Village?" Peeta asked. Katniss nodded. "My father is supposed to meet me outside." Peeta nodded, looking disappointed. "Well, maybe sometime we can play after school. I live on top of the bakery. My parents own it." Katniss nodded once more. "That's cool. You can come over and play with the geese too, they're funny." By this time, they'd walked outside, and Katniss could see Dad waiting next to a tree, trying desperately to avoid other parents. "I better go find my brothers. They'll be waiting for me," Peeta said. "See you later," Katniss whispered. Something about the only child who hadn't asked her about her new living arrangements, or her old living arrangements, intrigued her. Peeta had complimented the one thing Katniss felt sound on being complimented on. She loved to sing. Dad looked at the daisy. "That looks kinda sad, doesn't it?" Katniss glared at him. She messed with the stem a bit to make it stand taller. "I like it." Dad shrugged and gave a laugh. "Okay, sweetheart. Find any friends?" He took her hand again and led her away. For some reason, she knew that Dad wouldn't like being asked about Madge and her family. So she focused on Peeta. "The boy that gave me the daisy was nice. He said his name is Peeta. He lives at the bakery." Dad visibly tensed. "The bakery?" His voice snapped. Out of all the details Katniss had expected him to have a problem with, the bakery wasn't one of them. "Yeah, he said his family owns it," said Katniss, completely confused. He refused to say another word. It upset her more than she would have liked. Katniss had actually been starting to finally get along with her father, and now he was acting distant again. When they were home, and Katniss was ready to run to her room and hide, he grabbed her shoulders and sank down to be eye-to-eye with her. "Katniss, I'm sorry. Don't be upset. I've just been running from my past for so many years that the old wounds still sting. I'm sure your friend is nice." She nodded, gesturing to the daisy. "He told me I sing pretty." Dad carefully removed her Mockingjay pin. "I bet you do." Katniss felt tears coming to her eyes. "Then why are you so upset? I just want us to get along! I'm tired of always being afraid that I'm going to say the wrong thing! I just want to be a family. You're all I have." Dad sighed. "I know, sweetheart. It's okay. I'll try to be more bearable." He kissed her head and let her go. She was halfway to her room when she heard his voice again. "Peeta's father . . . the baker? He used to be best friends with your mother." Katniss turned and looked at his rumpled form. She stared. "I thought I'd lose her to him, once." Katniss felt disgust run through her. Despite how much pain Mama had always been in, it felt wrong to say that she might have one day loved someone other than Dad. "You didn't. She loved you. I'm sure of it." Dad flinched and recoiled. He turned away without another word. Katniss sighed and went to follow him, but thought better of it when he emerged from the kitchen carrying a bottle. He had been trying not to drink, but even in her seven-year-old mind, she could tell it was hard for him. After going into the kitchen herself, she made her way back to her room with a glass cup. Katniss placed the cup on her windowsill, put the daisy inside, and stared at it. It brought a little bit of personality to her room, which so far was plain. That was the first night Katniss went to sleep believing that maybe one day, things in this District would be as pleasant as they had been for her when Mama was still alive. An Author's Note: This is just a little introduction to their story. Please let me know what you think! Also, I want to mention that this story is not about Katniss growing up with Haymitch. The next chapter flashes forward in time.