She's extra conscious of her nudity, and pulls the spread up and holds it tightly around her breasts. She pulls her knees up to her chest, and a dull ache spreads out from her core; not that she has anything to compare it to, but it feels so different than regular post-marathon fatigue. She's never been so pleasantly sore after sex. But the thickness of the air between the bed and the recliner makes her seriously wonder if it's worth the cost. Namely, Peeta himself. He lowers his hand, his shoulders pressed forward, eyes seeking out hers. That, at least, is a relief—if he couldn't look at her, this would be so much worse. "How, um… Are you feeling?" he asks softly. "Well… I just ran a marathon a few hours ago…" "Katniss, you know what I mean." She's still struggling to find words when he unsteadily hops over to settle on the bed next to her. He swallows hard as his hand trails up and settles on her knee. The warmth of his palm through the blanket is comforting. "You know how lousy I am at saying things," she murmurs, letting her own hand slip from her cloak of safety. Their fingers knit together and he sighs heavily. "I've been, ah… Sitting here wondering what Madge would say if she… If she were here to say anything about all this." "I'd imagine she'd be pretty pissed you cheated on her," Katniss says morosely. She knows that Peeta Mellark is nothing if not hyper-monogamous. If Madge were alive this would never have happened. Four years. Is four years really enough time for a man to get over the woman he was planning on spending the rest of his life with? Not only that…but take up with their mutual best friend while he's at it? "I… I don't feel bad about this, Katniss. Not one bit." This floors her. She'd figure he'd be the epitome of intense guilt right about now. "You know she'd want us to be happy, right? She'd want us to be happy and live our lives and move on." His words are so sure and steady, and so much what she wants to hear. She remains, however, unconvinced. "I can't imagine she'd ever suppose we'd do that together, though. Like this, I mean," she says, gesturing between them. He turns towards her, and through the blanket hooks his fingers into her hips and scoots her towards him. He has to nudge her face repeatedly to coax her chin from her chest so their eyes can meet. "I don't regret this, Katniss. I've wanted this. I've wanted you . I just don't think it's wrong to want someone else after so long. Particularly not when that someone else is as incredible as you are." "Oh, please," she says. "Stop it. You… Damn it, Katniss," he says, and presses his mouth to hers. Everything seems a little simpler when their lips are tangled together, and the pressing guilt weighing on her chest lifts a little. Their foreheads rest together long after the kiss ends. All Katniss wants is another: more kisses, more Peeta, more of everything only he can give her. "There's just no way I'm letting you go," he whispers to her. "So what do we do when we get home? What's left of all this when we're back?" "I'm not sure yet. But I think it'd be so much easier to figure out together, don't you?" More kisses. More sex. More Peeta. That's what she wants, if only she'd be brave enough to claim him. "Okay," she says timidly. He smiles luminously before sinking in to kiss her again. "How many more of these races do you really think you'll do?" she asks seriously when they surface for air. His grin is half-cocked and devious. He knots his fingers in her hair and shrugs his shoulders. "I don't know yet. How many do you think I can manage?" "I think you can do anything you try." He snorts. "I dunno, I think swimming might be off the table. There go all my triathlon plans." "Then I'll have Beetee build you a waterproof bionic. You can do anything, Peeta. You really can." Next thing she knows, he's throwing his weight against her and tugging the blanket off her body before she can try and stop him. Not like she'd actually want to. He rolls on top of her; he's hard again and pressing against her deliberately. "Even this?" he says, rolling his pelvis. "Even like this?" "O-Oh…" She's sore. But God, does she ever want him again. "Take those shorts off, fuck." After, when they're sated and locked in one another's embrace again, more exhausted but nowhere near as tired, Katniss looks up at him and smiles. He pulls his fingers through her hair and looks at her like he's had a moment of perfect clarity. "I don't know if I'll keep running. I don't know if I'll take up mountain biking, or archery, or writing. What I do know is I want to spend as much of the rest of my life with you as you'll allow." She's not prepared for the way his words thrill her. Her mouth collides with his and kisses him like she's never kissed anyone in her life. "I'll allow almost anything when it comes to you," she murmurs against his lips. The words should terrify her. Instead, they only make her want to kiss him more. So she does. A/N: My deepest and most profound gratitude goes to sohypothetically, for encouragement and betaing prowess, to Jen Ibarra for pre-reading and her sagely marathon advice, and to loving-mellark for my gorgeous banner. Thanks also to Fandom4LLS, for including this story in their 2014 collection. Please keep an eye on this entry, as there is more to come for this particular Everlark. ;) I'd love to hear what you think. Thank you so much for reading. And happy reading until we meet again!