miracle occurring at Finnick's Irish Pub and Eatery. In his earpiece he could hear Messalla in the control room counting down. Castor mouthed the countdown to Cressida; suddenly there she was on the TV screen. Cressida smiled professionally as she gripped the microphone. "Good evening Caesar, it really is a Christmas miracle that is happening tonight on Christmas Eve. As you know this evening this news team was filming the unexpected Blizzard that has hit our community." As Cressida spoke into the microphone, the TV cut to the scenes they had shot earlier, the snow bearing down on the sleepy streets of District Four. "Our news team was stuck on the streets. Much like travelers from long ago we were seeking shelter from the blustery weather. We happened upon this lonely restaurant, a beacon of hope in the middle of the storm. Finnick Odair and his wife Annie welcomed us in." The TV screen showed the footage of the restaurant. Cressida's steady voice sounded like a voice over even though they were live. "The Odair's opened up this pub in honor of his grandmother, Margaret Odair. A woman who served her country during World War Two." The television morphed into a picture of Mags Odair from her services days as WAC during the war time. "Finnick's grandmother passed on to her grandson, warmth and wisdom. It prompted Finnick Odair to study nursing and to become an EMT even though he was an all star athlete. And if you at home are asking yourself what this has to do with the Christmas miracle Caesar Flickerman spoke of, then you should know that on this special night, the old Nativity tale is coming to life. Finnick Odair, with the same spirit his grandmother imparted on him, not only rescued a few weary reporters, but a young couple with no place to go on Christmas Eve. Much like the family told to us at Christmas time, Katniss and Peeta were looking for a place to have their baby." The camera showed the dramatic moment Katniss and Peeta arrived. Then they cut back to Cressida who spoke smoothly. "They traveled in this dangerous storm. Their home in the Seam snowed in. They took a chance looking for help, and they found it in Finnick Odair." The TV screen cut to the film that was shot from the moment Finnick and Annie began to help the Mellarks to the moment Finnick announced the baby was crowning. "In his own words 'There might not be any room at the inn, but there is always room at Finn's. As we speak, Finnick Odair, retired EMT is trying to deliver a Christmas Baby." The shot then came back to Caesar who was back in the studio. His shiny blue black hair matched the dark blue navy suit he wore. "Cressida, midnight is here and officially now it is Christmas Day, is there any news of a possible Christmas Baby?" The studio cut to Cressida who was moving down the hall. The sound of an innocent baby's wail could be heard. When they entered the room it looked peaceful, filled with hope and love. Finnick and Annie stood by the side admiring the small baby that was held by its mother, as the father looked fondly at the babe. The camera caught Cressida's face. She broke out of her TV personality. Her face morphed into a gentle smile. The camera spanned back to mother and child. Cressida's voice could be heard in the background. "Caesar, tonight on Christmas Day, our Miracle Child was born here at Finn's, where there was no room at the inn, but there was room at Finn's." The cameras were placed down. Pollux had tears on his face. He was signing quickly to his brother. He told his brother how beautiful the birth had been. He looked to the parents who looked elated, happy and tired. Peeta held the little hand of his baby girl. She was the mini replica of her mother, her eyes however were all his. "Hello, I'm your daddy." Katniss looked up at Peeta, a small smile on her face. Katniss reserved her thoughts, as she saw Finnick carefully interpreting her facial expressions. Little did Finnick know the couple fell in love because of kindness. Peeta took Katniss into his heart as a child and held the candle of love when hers nearly died. Katniss loved Peeta because he was the source of her joy and peace. Much like Annie was to Finnick. "Peeta do you have a job?" Finnick asked gently not wanting to intrude, but he felt he needed to help them, recalling the silver wedding bands they wore. "No sir, we just moved here two days ago." "Well since you're a baker how'd you like a job here?" "That would be great." Peeta's grin lit up the room. "You should move upstairs, we have an extra apartment," Annie offered. "I think this is too much," Katniss said. "No its perfect. Peeta doesn't have to commute to work. And Annie would love to have a friend. Besides I am fond of our little Christmas miracle there," Finnick added. Katniss blushed as she cradled her baby close to her chest. "Will you be open on New Year's Eve?" Cressida jumped in. "I'd like to do a follow up story." "Well if we are open on New Years, then yes" Finnick said. It was then the phone began to ring. Annie frowned as she searched the room for the cordless phone. The phone was where it was left on the desk by Cressida. Picking it up she greeted, "Hello." She paused "Yes this is Finnick's Irish Pub and Eatery. You want to make a reservation for the twenty sixth. Of course, we would be happy to have you. Just email us your information and we will confirm with a phone call." Annie's eyes twinkles and she mouthed to Finnick 'Faith in Christmas' before she turned her attention back to the call.