District that few people would know to traverse that far, and hidden enough that anyone who might be searching from above might not notice it right away. It won't be ideal for the long term, of course, but it'll do for a time while she figures out where they'll go next. She pulls on a few extra layers of clothing, items belonging to different members of her family, in order to stash bulkier objects in her bag, but doesn't make it out the door before she sees a shadow looming across the porch. Her eyes narrow and her expression turns sour. She knows deep down that she owes Gale Hawthorne for Peeta's life, but it doesn't make her hate the sight of him any less. "Where you heading, Catnip?" Gale whispers, pointing to her bulky bag. Others might not notice how full it is before a hunt, but he would. "None of your damn business, Mr. Mayor. If you'll excuse me…" He doesn't call out—that would wake the neighbors, and the miners get such precious little sleep to begin with. She storms towards her usual entry spot for the woods and with a quick look, slips under the fence and begins the long trudge towards the cabin that she's hoping to make their salvation. — And with that shadow upon the ground I hear my people screaming out — She returns towards the middle of the day. A couple of rabbits have made their way into the snare lines, and they'll make good enough stew, even if they are a little scrawny. If she were thinking beyond getting Peeta fed and strong, she might find it interesting that seeing Gale that morning and finding game in the almost-useless snares happened on the same day. Gale Hawthorne is the furthest thing from her mind, though, until she sees his face when she enters her home. He's sitting next to Peeta on the ratty old couch. Peeta's wrapped in the thickest quilt they own, and she'd be lying if she didn't admit that next to the strapping, bulkier, and certainly cleaner Gale, Peeta looks oddly small and frail. How only a few months of the men switching sides of the District has effected the pair of them strikes her as un-humorously funny. "Mr. Mayor… What an honor," she snarks, and shoots daggers at him with her own steely eyes. "Stop, Katniss. He's here to talk to us both," Peeta says, his voice calm and measured. "He's not welcome in my house," she hisses, and takes a sick pride in how it looks like it stings Gale to hear. "Then we won't be here long," another voice says, but it's not one she'd expect. Still glowing, even through her dour expression, is Madge Hawthorne. "What do the two of you want? Some sort of payment for saving Peeta's life? You fucking know we don't have anything," Katniss says coldly. "Leave us be." "We'd never ask something like that," Madge says, her voice steady. "Then leave. Us. Be." "They want to help, Katniss," Peeta says, and this is finally what rattles her resolve. "They want to… They want to fight." "Fight what? The Capitol? Why would they, when they live so perfectly—?" Katniss's eyes bulge when she feels Madge's forearm press into her throat. The pregnant woman throws her weight against her, knowing full well the advantage her belly has between them to keep Katniss from struggling. "Madge!" Gale hisses. "Stop." "You aren't a fool, Katniss," Madge says, her grip loosening only enough so that Katniss can breathe. "I know the Seam thinks it's sunshine and daisies in Town, but I know you aren't that sort of fool. It's bad everywhere. It's bad in every District, everywhere but the Capitol. My father, the other mayors, they've been too afraid to fight. They've been too cowed to try and make a difference. Gale and I won't be that way, and he's been trying to tell you so for weeks. But you know as well as we do that people won't listen to us— you won't, so why would anyone else?" Madge steps back, tosses her curls over her shoulder, and straightens the lace blouse she wears. Then she grasps Katniss's wrist with her fingers and presses something cold and oddly sharp into her palm. "We need voices. We need to stand together or there's no hope of anything changing. We," Madge looks significantly at Gale, "aren't the enemy, Katniss. You know who the real enemy is." Katniss's jaw trembles, but she's stunned silent. There's something in Madge's face that reflects the anger she feels everyday. She'd underestimated the sweet, quiet Mayor's daughter. She knows that in an instant. "We have time to plan. But we need your help. So when you've decided to stop being stubborn, you know where to find us. We'll be waiting." Madge steps back and holds her hand out to Gale. The couple share a terse look with Katniss, and a cordial nod to Peeta. Then they're gone, as fast as Madge had struck. Peeta gets off the couch, the quilt falling to his feet as he wraps his arms around Katniss's waist. "You okay? I didn't think Madge had that in her," he asks, kissing her temple, her cheek, her lips. "F-Fine." "What'd she give you? What is that?" Katniss hinges open her fingers and stares down at her palm. The cold metal glints gold, and she realizes the bit that'd felt like it'd pricked her thumb is the tip of a tiny arrow. She's not sure if Peeta knows the stories—the legend of what was never supposed to exist that turned around and thrived. It's not a story many know, and only because she remembers the bits and pieces in her father's soothing voice does she even know it's not something she's made up in her own scrambled, confused head. "Katniss? What is it?" "It's a mockingjay." — And I see fire burn auburn on the mountain side —