at the girl. He stuck his hands in his pocket wishing he had something to drink. Beetee cleared his throat shaking his head at Haymitch momentarily before wheeling his chair toward Katniss. "Come, sit I am sure you are wondering why I asked for you to come?" Haymitch snorted under his breath "obviously." Katniss was the only one who caught her mentor's snarky remark. She nodded silently. "We suspect this instrument is a transference apparatus constructed before the dark days. After much study it is conjectured this was designed to materialize an object or even an individual in a satellite location." Beetee said waving his hands around the little room to emphasize his point. Katniss caught on quickly. "Like for example into Snow's palace?" "What?" Haymitch was having a hard time understanding. "Correct" Beetee was pleased with how Katniss was able to grasp what he had said. Haymitch frowned as he caught up with what Beetee was inferring. His eyes looked around at the technology that seemed to be older than he. "Wait have you tested this bucket of bolts?" "Actually currently we have not had the ability to test it on live subjects. It will not work on inanimate objects." Beetee said looking between Haymitch and Katniss. "So how do you know it works?" Katniss asked. "They don't but I'm willing to bet Coin volunteered you to test it out, out of the bottom of her heart." Haymitch sarcastically snorted out. Katniss scowled. "You did want to kill Snow. We hope this will work. If it does it will save hundreds of lives from going into battle." Beetee rationed. He knew all to well Katniss would jump at the opportunity to end the war. With Snow dead the capitol would surrender. "Will this really work?" Katniss wanted the afforded chance. If there was a way to get rid of Snow it was well worth it. "Yes" Beetee affirmed. "Wait…" Haymitch spoke as Katniss spoke. "I will do it." Beetee immediately turned in his wheelchair going toward his colleges to begin the process of calibrating the transporter for the trip. "Wait no Sweetheart!" Haymitch protested taking Katniss by the shoulders and gathering her to a corner. "No Haymitch" Katniss shook her head crossing her arms over her chest. "I have to try." "You could die they don't even know if this thing works! You heard Volts they haven't been able to make it work on a flipping chair much less a human." Her scowl conveyed she was not going to change her mind. Katniss was single mindedly stubborn. Haymitch ran his hand through his hair desperately wanting to throttle the girl. "If there is a chance to kill Snow and end this war then I am all for it. We can stop the hunger games stop the killing!" Katniss hissed she was not going to allow Haymitch to change her mind. She was willing to sacrifice her life for this cause. Besides as Peeta once said no one needed her. Peeta was mad, Primrose and her mother were busy with their medical career, and Gail was being a ninny. "Sweetheart, what about Peeta?" Haymitch began to make his argument. If there was someone who he could use to change her mind it was the boy. Katniss eyes clouded momentarily. Peeta did not even know her. He thought her to be a mutt. "He hates me." Katniss sadly whispered. "No Katniss he does…" "We are ready Katniss" Beetee saw Katniss crestfallen face. He could see how heartbroken she was over Peeta. Everyone knew how in love they were with each other. It was a tragic what President Snow had done to him. Katniss looked to Beetee, tears threatened to fall from her eyes. Her mind was recalling every memory she had of Peeta. Haymitch was not done trying to change her mind. "Peeta needs you Katniss. You are the only one who can answer the questions he has. What just happened was just the first step in the road of getting him better. If something happens to you the boy will be crushed." "It is your choice" Beetee quietly said knowing Katniss would have done anything for Peeta. In the arena any doubts of their romance was put to rest. The whole of Panem saw how much Katniss loved Peeta. It was not easy to tell what Katniss was feeling except when she was with Peeta. She was strong, enduring things many others could not face. Peeta did not detract from her strength he completed her in way that no one could comprehend unless you could see them together. "Katniss" Haymitch warned he could see her decision because he would have done the same thing. Katniss needed to do this for Peeta as well. To get revenge on the man that had damaged her Peeta. Determined she looked into Haymitch eyes. "I will do it." "Fine" Haymitch growled watching as Beetee led her to a circular podium that was on the other side of the glass partition. Beetee wheeled himself out of the partition. His colleagues sealed the room shut. Katniss stood a solitary figure on the pedestal. Haymitch did not like this. He stood with his arms crossed in front of chest. Katniss was far too vulnerable. People took advantage of her far too easily. He was afraid she was going to die. Katniss looked to her mentor her eyes watered as she thought of Peeta. A glass tube slid down from the ceiling. Beetee and the others activated the equipment the room began to buzz with a loud alarm a bright light began to fill the room. The ground beneath them shook. Katniss yelled out "Tell him I love him" as she pressed her hands to the tube. Her eyes wide as she thought of Peeta, tears streamed down her face. Haymitch rushed forward screaming "Katniss!" He turned to Beetee "Turn it off!" Suddenly Katniss screamed. Haymitch watched as she dematerialized in front of his eyes. Haymitch yelled "KATNISS!"