to be condemned will be called, and we shall all lower our heads in sorrow. Who will be the unlucky tribute this year? I cross my fingers for every girl I know, and more. For Katniss and Primrose, for Delly Cartwright (a childhood friend), for the little girl outside the bakery. Let it be an older girl, one who's had more food that the usual citizen of the seam, one who's got far more chance at winning that the twelve year olds at the back. But as Effie reaches in, digging deeps and pulling out a piece of paper, that it won't be an older girl. I hold my breath as she crosses back the podium, smoothing out the slips of paper, and reads out the name as clearly as possible. It's Primrose Everdeen. Why Primrose? Anyone but Primrose! A low murmur runs through the crowd and I groan with them. Why a twelve year old? And why Katniss's sister? The girl she has spent years fighting to keep alive. The girl she would do anything for. Like volunteer. I turn unhappily to watch Katniss's face, when all other eyes are of the girl with fair haired plaits and a shirt falling loose at the back like a ducks tail. Katniss's mouth has fallen slightly open, and a girl beside her is holding her up as she gasps for breath. I know what will happen before it has. But I'm not kept waiting long. As Primrose reaches the steps leading to the stage, Katniss's face snaps in her direction and she jumps into motion. "Prim!" she cries in a strangled tone. "Prim!" she says again, louder this time, as the crowd around her parts and she pushes her way through. She takes a path straight to the stage, pushing Prim behind her and standing defiantly before the Major. "I volunteer!" she gasps. "I volunteer as tribute!" And it is done. She's said it. The one girl I have always dreaded most entering the games has volunteered to enter, volunteered to die. I don't have a moment to admire her bravery, or to yell to her to run while she still can. Effie turns to her with a startled but pleased smile and says, "Lovely! But I believe there's a small matter of introducing the reaping winner and then asking for volunteers, and if one does come forth then we, um…" Her voice trails off. A small flicker of hope flashes through me and for a moment I wonder if she will rethink her offer and decline, saving herself. But this is Katniss, whose instincts tell her to give her life before her sisters. She won't change her mind at all. "What does it matter?" the Mayor says in a pained tone. "What does it matter? Let her come forward." Prim begins screaming hysterically from behind Katniss, flinging her arms around her. "No, Katniss! No! You can't go!" "Prim, let go," I hear Katniss demand harshly, but I isn't because she doesn't love her sister. From her heroic act, it is blatantly obvious that she worth's Prims life more than her own, but I can imagine it stems from the strain, of trying not to cry. "Let go!" A dark shape blocks my view, and I strain my neck trying to see who it is. Its Gale Hawthorn, Katniss's cousin. He takes Prim from Katniss, holding her tight as she thrashes in his arms. "Up you go, Catnip," he says in a strangled tone that he's trying to keep steady. Then he turns to carry Prim off to her mother's soothing arms. Why does he take her away? Why doesn't he protest for Katniss's sake, proclaim that this is ridiculous and that Katniss can't volunteer? But his is Prim's cousin too, and I suppose that he is helping Katniss with her wish, whilst saving Prim from harm as well, the youngest, most vulnerable, and weakest of the pair. He's doing what he thinks is right. But nothing in these games are right, don't they see that? My eyes are glued to Katniss as she climbs the steps and takes her place besides Effie. "Well, bravo!" gushes Effie, and I hate her for her joy over Katniss being picked. "That's the spirit of the Games! What's your name?" I hold my breath as she answers in a slightly shell shocked tone. "Katniss Everdeen." "I bet my buttons that was your sister. Don't what her to steal all the glory, do we?" Glory? Is that what she thinks this is about? Isn't it obvious that the reason Katniss has given up her life and safety isn't for glory or jealousy, but for love? "Come on, everybody! Let's give a big round of applause to our newest tribute!" No one claps, but instead, to my horror, from every direction, they silently press the three middle fingers of their left hand to their lips and then hold them out to her, a symbol of admiration often used at funerals. I feel my throat closing in on my, and my heart stops beating all together, or it feels like it. I am in serious danger of crying. Haymitch hollers, "Look at her. Look at this one. I like her. Lots of…" He pauses to think of a word. "Spunk! More than you! More than you!" he repeats to no one in particular. The Capital audience maybe? Then he falls off the stage, knocking himself out in the process. As he is carried away in a stretcher, Effie babbles about the excitement of the day and totters over to the male's ball, reaching her hand in and selecting a slip. I don't have a chance to pray for myself or my brother, or even the little boy from the bakery, or Gale for Katniss's sake. I only hope he is young, so that Katniss stands more chance of winning. It can't be any worse than the current situation, can it? I am wrong. "Peeta Mellark." That's me…