could, you'll regret it. You'll regret it into the afterlife. Don't let that happen. Do you understand, Peeta? Tell me you understand…" He's stunned. He's silent. He closes his fingers around mine. "Do…do you have regrets, Annie?" I look at the assembled pipe cube. I think of the trident that sprang so easily from my husband's hand, and what they represent. I think of my child, crying still in the house, his beloved Auntie holding him close. I shake my head. "No, Peeta. I have no regrets. Promise me you won't, either." "I promise, Annie. I promise." They quarrel once night falls. "Don't do this, Peeta! Don't use Nick as your bargaining chip to get your way. I won't do it. I won't have a baby, and that's the end of it." "I'm not asking you to let me finish inside of you tonight. I don't want to get you pregnant right now. I just want you to remember that it wouldn't be the end of the world." "Yes, it would. We can barely protect ourselves . Our friends . We couldn't protect Finnick…" "It wasn't our job to protect Finnick, Katniss. He made his choice. He followed you. He would always have followed you, to the ends of the world and back. He would always have looked after me, tried to help me. That was his way." "He's dead because of me, Peeta! Nick and Annie don't have him because of me ! Don't you understand that?!" "No. Because it's not true, Katniss. Not everything is your fault. Finnick…Cinna…Rue…Prim…none of them are your fault." "Don't you dare…" "Katniss…you carry the weight of the world on your shoulders. You have your reasons. But I'm going to marry you. Part of that deal is to let me help you. Please…let me help you…" "Peeta, stop…" "I love you. I never stopped loving you, even when I wasn't myself. I want to spend the rest of my days loving you, taking care of you…and one day, I'll do the same for our children. They'll be loved. They'll be safe. Don't you think we deserve that? You and me…we deserve it, Katniss…" Katniss begins to cry. Peeta shifts in bed to hold her close. She speaks words that are muffled against some part of his body. I cannot understand them. "I know," he whispers to her. "I know it." I fall asleep before any other sounds come. But I'm sure they find their passion in each other before too much longer. Friday Roan and Peeta carry the coral nursery down the dock on our stretch of beach. Nick holds a lunch basket far too big for him. Katniss and I carry a few blankets and jackets, just in case the wind becomes much stronger. It should be a beautiful day, though. Perfect skies. Calm seas. Finnick's favorite kind of day. Peeta and Katniss announced their engagement officially that morning at breakfast. At the last minute, Katniss called her mother, who joined us for pancakes but had declined our invitation to come out on our sail. She hugged her daughter close. She kissed her future-son-in-law's face. Their visit was brief, but meaningful. Years of disconnect will always plague the Everdeen women, but they'll get by. Nick cannot wait for his Auntie and Uncle's wedding. They assure him it will be a small affair, but Nick has decided already that he's going to be like Peeta when he grows up, and make things for a living. Coral reefs. Wedding cakes. Art. Pancakes. He'll learn how to make them all, and he'll start with his Auntie and Uncle's wedding cake. He says his daddy would be proud of his decision. I'm sure Finnick would be. I don't know what Katniss said to convince Nick to allow Peeta to attach the trident to the coral nursery. I'd taken a walk to calm myself. But when I'd returned, Peeta was filing down the prongs. Katniss was teaching him the lyrics to the Valley Song of Twelve. My son may be golden like his father, but he does not have a golden voice. But it's a new song for him to whistle, and that's good enough for him. I dreamed of children for Peeta and Katniss. Dark curls and blue eyes and a brilliant smile. Chubby cheeks and blonde locks with steely grey pupils. The perfect amalgam of the pair of them. I know they'll have them one day. Peeta wants them desperately. Katniss will stop being afraid, but it will take time. But, oh, the joy they'll have when that day arrives. I hope to be at their side when it does to celebrate with them. I'll brave the atrocious noise of the train for them. For my truest of friends. I hear something as Roan pushes the boat from the dock and set sail. Thanks to my astonishing ability to hear such things, I know I am the only one who does. Finnick. It isn't words: the sweet nothings he'd whisper to me when I needed them, the jokes about Katniss's spinster ways or Peeta's unfailingly kind heart that was bound to get him into trouble one day. It's his laugh. It echoes off the water, and fills me with hope. Hope for me and our son. Hope for my friends, who are starting the rest of their journey, to be filled with joy and happiness to make up for all the terrible times they did not deserve. Hope for our nation. Hope. Just hope. I look and see Peeta take his fiancee in his arms, and kiss her sweetly. They are the embodiment of that hope. Nick bounces up to them, and then pat his rosy cheeks. He is the embodiment of that hope. We will be alright. I hear nothing that night but crashing waves and my son's tiny snores. The lovers next door are sound asleep. No nightmares. The End Thanks to sohypothetically for cheerleading, and letting me borrow her name for President Paylor.