little cookie is going to want." Haymitch gruffly said his voice mixed with emotion. He caught the Boy's eyesight an unwritten agreement took place together they would help Katniss with the pregnancy. "She will have all the cookies and cheese buns she requires Katniss." Peeta agreed. All three laughed. Though at that moment Peeta and Katniss only had eyes for each other. Sensing it was time to make his escape Haymitch quietly left his kids. Already in his heart and mind that little cookie was part his too. He was going to be an Uncle or even if they would allow him a Grandpa. Haymitch couldn't wait to rub it into Effie's face that he found out about the baby before she did. He grinned to himself. She was going to be livid but at the same time she was going to be like him, unwilling to wait meet the newest member of their family. "We have to get nursery, clothing, furniture…" Peeta rattled off. Katniss laughed "We can call Effie she will help us. However can we finish making the cookies I really want one?" "Tell you what why don't you go upstairs and run a bath for yourself. I will finish making the cookies and make us some dinner." Peeta enthusiastically said as he walked toward the refrigerator. He paused and looked to Katniss "I am going to be a daddy." Katniss smiled and did what he asked. Having a child seemed to speed up time. Three years later Katniss bundled up her precious little girl. The pregnancy was hard on her not in a physical sense but mentally. She was deathly afraid of losing the baby. Her fears and anxieties were manifested in horrid dreams. But when she held her daughter for the first time her world became complete. Katniss smiled looking at her child as they stood by the front entrance getting ready to go out to the bakery. Their daughter was mixture of them both. She had dark hair and her father's stunning blue eyes that now peered at her from her beneath her hat. She also had her father's gift of gab. Their daughter learned how to speak well before she turned two. Her two braids fell on her shoulders as she buttoned up her daughters pink coat. They were on a mission today. "Mommy I wanted to wear the red mittens Grandpa Haymitch gave me." "Here" Katniss said sliding the little mittens on her chubby hands. Katniss smiled secretly to herself. "Remember what I told you." "Yes mommy I remember." Katniss nodded as she opened the door. Her daughter flew out onto the porch as soon as their door opened. Their daughter had about as much patience as Katniss did. "Well if it isn't my favorite cookie" Haymitch said as he stood they stepped out into the porch. He had just corralled his geese into the back yard. It was getting colder outside they did not like the cold weather but they did not want to leave. They liked staying inside. Haymitch made them temporary housing for the winter. "Hi Grandpa we are going to see daddy at the bakery." Haymitch watched as his little cookie walked toward him that same determined look Katniss gave him at times. He kneeled on the floor to address her. "Do you think I can come with you?" "Please mommy; can Grandpa come with us?" Katniss sighed and nodded. Haymitch immediately stood, scooped up his little girl and put her on his shoulders. Together they made the trek into town. Her daughter was the center of Haymitch's life. Haymitch slowed down his drinking and his house was even tended for. He did not want Cookie as he called her to get hurt. Katniss lips twitched upward as she heard her daughter's high pitched squeal of happiness. "Daddy…daddy we are here!" Willow called when they entered the bakery. Peeta was in the back his grin was instant the moment he spotted his daughter perched up on Haymitch's shoulders. "What brings you here today?" "Mommy wants to make some cookies" their daughter spouted from her perch. "Your mommy doesn't make cookies" Haymitch informed tickling her tummy her squeal of laughter filled up the entire bakery. "Cookie your daddy makes cookies he is the baker." He set her down on the counter. She giggled a little. She looked to her mommy for a brief moment before standing up on the counter. She wrinkled her nose while she shook her head. "Grandpa Haymitch mommy makes cookies." She gave her grandpa an all knowing look "She made me and she's making my brother, isn't that right mommy." Katniss nodded this time her plan came off without a hitch. Peeta's eyes went round on his face as he stared back at Katniss. Immediately he walked around the counter. He did not even know she was pregnant. The subject came up briefly a few months back when their daughter came home from a play date with Delly's kids asking for a sibling. He wanted another child but did not want to pressure Katniss "Again?" Katniss grinned. Seeing Peeta's eyes light up was worth all of the heartache she would have later on. "Yes." Peeta slowly placed his hands on her stomach. He recalled how tough it was for her the first time around. "Are you sure?" Katniss gave Peeta one of her rarest smiles, one that was lit from the depths of her heart and reflected in her eyes. She placed her hands over his. "For you I would do anything Peeta." "No more after this alright" Peeta said gathering her in his arms. "Grandpa Haymitch mommy and daddy make the best cookies don't they?" Haymitch grinned looking to his precious grandbaby she had managed to get a cookie in her hands and had a glob of chocolate spread across her face. He was glad to have been included in the process. "Yes they do, Mellark's have always made the best cookies." The End