that close to him! As if realizing her internal debate, Peeta chooses to stand up at the exact moment she reaches him. Katniss lets out a breath of relief. Both of them start walking together. However, the door is only wide enough to let one person in at a time. "After you," Katniss hears him say softly. She gives a small grunt of thanks, feeling awkward. Her stomach flips funnily. ' Stupid granola bars' , she mutters under her breath. History for first period is the worst thing ever. Katniss can hardly pay attention to the lesson. She surveys her classmates from her seat at the back of the class. Very few people seem to be paying attention, but the teacher doesn't seem to mind at all. Madge is reading her novel under the desk, her lips curving into a small smile as her eyes dart across the page. Katniss guesses that she's at the 'deflowering' part now. Two seats away, Finnick is throwing paper balls at Delly, who seems unperturbed as she listens earnestly from the front row. His actions earn silent laughs from his neighbors. Katniss lets her gaze wander around the rest of the classroom, before settling on Peeta. He appears to be taking notes, writing furiously in his notebook. After some time, Katniss realizes that he can't be jotting down notes; he's hardly glanced at the whiteboard at all. She continues to observe him. Once a while he stops writing and glances upwards at the ceiling for a moment, before continuing to write. Her eyes travel to his blond hair; it looks so soft, she wonders if it would feel the same under her touch. She looks at her own hair, tied into a braid. It's brown and coarse, and split ends can be seen at the tip. In short, it is nothing like his hair. She feels jealous of Peeta Mellark. ' Something is wrong with you. You're jealous of a boy?' she asks herself incredulously. Katniss tells herself to stop and tries her best to pay attention for the rest of the lesson. Peeta catches her staring at him when they leave the classroom. He offers her a small smile. She blinks. Her stomach does that annoying flip again. 'Damn it.' She runs into the bathroom and locks herself in a cubicle. "It's definitely those granola bars. Bet they're expired. Ugh." She makes a mental note to tell Prim to throw them away when the bathroom door swings open. Tap tap tap tap . Katniss can make out two sets of high heels. "…such a romantic book!" one voice says. "I know, right? Oh, how I wish Greg was real!" another voice sighs dramatically. Katniss recognises both of them. The first voice belongs to Clove Stallings, and the second voice is Glenda Bargee, more commonly known as 'Glimmer'. They are Panem High School's resident bitches. Katniss flushes the toilet and exits the cubicle. From the reflection of the mirror, she sees Clove fixing her fake eyelashes. Glimmer stands beside her, raving about the book she is holding. "It's like, the best book ever written!" she gushes to her friend. Katniss sneaks a glance at the cover to confirm her suspicion. ' Yep, she's talking about that book again .' The book had been touted as the best erotic fiction of the year. Madge and Katniss had almost died laughing while reading the sex scenes. It was that horrible. Unlike other women, they didn't find the main male character attractive either. They made a vow to never touch, let alone read it again. Katniss washes her hands at the sink, trying her best to conceal her laughter. "The love scenes are so beautifully written," Glimmer continues. "I just…" She gives another one of her dramatic sighs. Please, I've read better smut online. "Sometimes I just wish Cato would act more like Greg, you know?" Glimmer has a look of adoration when she refers to the male character. She looks at Clove expectantly for a reply. That's when Katniss loses it. She accidentally lets out a snort, which she quickly disguises as a cough. Glimmer notices, unfortunately. "What are you laughing at?" she snaps. Katniss ignores her and proceeds to wipe her hands dry. Glimmer takes a few steps towards her. Glimmer is one of those people who can't tell the difference between 'your' and 'you're', 'its' and 'it's' and 'there' and 'their'. Katniss looks at her clutching the book. Glimmer has been carrying it around for a few days, flaunting it like a new accessory. She tells anyone who will listen, yapping away about how she is reading the latest 'it' book, where on normal days she openly mocks and ridicules anyone reading a book. "I've seen you before," Glimmer continues when Katniss doesn't say anything. "You're that loner bookworm girl from our year." ' Whoa, pretty big words coming from you, Glimmer.' "What's so funny, huh? You think your silly fairy tales are better than this book?" She waves the novel in Katniss' face. "You think you're so pure and better than the rest of us just because you don't read these kinds of books? You're such a prude. Do you even know what sex is?" Katniss snorts at the ridiculousness of the question. "Fucking prude," Clove joins her friend, her fake eyelashes finally in place. "Let's go, Glimmer. We don't need to waste our time talking to idiots like her." Glimmer follows Clove out of the bathroom. When she reaches the door, she swivels her head around. Flashing Katniss a sugary, fake smile, she mouths the word 'prude' before exiting. Katniss stares at the spot where Glimmer stood. Then she checks her reflection in the mirror. A small chuckle escapes her lips. ' Prude? You have no idea, do you?' AN: This was originally intended as an one-shot for Prompts in Panem's Day 5 submission, but ideas began to grow and before you know it...tadaa! A multi-chaptered fic! Haha. Thanks for reading! :)