afar and she has loved Fin from afar. She is so much your daughter it is not even funny. She may look like me and have some of my fire but in all other aspects when it comes to the heart she is all you." Peeta raised an eyebrow. "Can you blame her Peeta, to want to have a modicum of happiness? Do you blame them for seeking each other out because they both are the children of Victors who lost so much during the war? They understand each other like no one else. They are good for each other." Katniss finished speaking. Peeta smiled "You know you always put yourself down on not being a good communicator but you are. Katniss, you still do not understand the effect you have on people." "Well I don't care about other people. I care about my family. I do not wish for them to be disgruntled and argumentative with each other on such a special occasion." Katniss defended. Peeta smiled then placed a short peck on his wife's lips. "I will behave and I promise I will treat Fin as part of the family." Katniss smiled tapped his lapel her fingers as she gave her Boy with the Bread a playful look a promise for things to come later on. The wedding was beautiful. Effie organized the entire affair. They combined District Four with District Twelve marital rituals. But it was not until Katniss watched Willow and Fin toast the bread did she tried to suppress the tears. Peeta pulled her close and she sniffed into his collar. Her daughter was married. This was the full arc in Katniss life. After all she and Peeta had gone through this was the crowning achievement to see her daughter fall happily in love. Katniss eyes filtered to her son. Rye who was at the buffet line inhaling everything, was tall and beautiful. He reminded Katniss of Peeta at that age. Now all she had to do was help her son relize his dreams. Rye loved the bakery and he also loved cooking food. Strong arms gripped her from behind. "What are you thinking?" "I am asking myself where the time has gone. Rye is fifteen I remember when he could barely keep up with his sister. Look at him Peeta, he looks just like you." Katniss felt Peeta smile against her neck. "How long do you think before we are grandparents?" Peeta twirled Katniss around in his arms. Shocked Katniss sputtered "I am to young to be a Grandmother!" "Katniss what do you think is going to happen. Finn most likely wants a family." Peeta's blue eyes twinkled. "But…" "But nothing Katniss, you were right you know." "I was" Katniss narrowed her eyes at her husband. Peeta was crafty with his words. "Yes you were. Our daughter is happy with him and she did wait until she was ready to go after him. Now they are not going to waste time they are going to give us babies. I personally cannot wait. I always wanted another child." Katniss eyes softened the moment she heard Peeta's hopefulness. They knew how hard pregnancies were on her. After Rye was born it was a consensus between them both not to have anymore. However Katniss was well aware that if he could Peeta would have more children. Peeta chuckled "Good now that I have you nice and mad I hope you know that our son has been sniffing around a girl." The way Peeta said it made Katniss suspicious. It felt as if he was going to drop a bomb. "He has been hanging out with Gale Hawthorne's daughter." Katniss Exclaimed "Oh Hell No!" Peeta began laughing at his wife's reaction. His laughter died when she tried to pry herself from his arms to find Hawthorne. "Katniss…" "Peeta" "You cannot go over there and start a fight at our daughters wedding." "I would if you would let me go" Katniss gave her husband a half smile half grimace. Peeta leaned in and kissed her full on the mouth. He could feel her resistance but he was persistence. Eventually she kissed him back her body melting in to his. "Ugh, Mom, Dad get a room." Katniss turned red at being caught kissing Peeta. "Rye!" "I think it's sweet" Katniss narrowed in on the girl standing by him. She was very pretty with Gale's eyes. "Oh who is this?" "This is the girl I was telling about Sweetheart" Peeta answered using Haymitch's infamous nickname for her. "Well, nice to meet you." Peeta chuckled "Why don't you kids run along." Katniss watched them scamper away she had a thousand things she wanted to say but could not speak one coherent thought. "She is beautiful." Peeta mused. "Ughhhh" Katniss growled. "Hmm would you like to get out of here?" Peeta escorted Katniss out of the room. "Stop clenching you jaw you look like you want to shoot an arrow at someone." Katniss eyes snapped at Peeta. He brought her to a quiet corner outside. "You made your peace with him Katniss when they showed up at our house before Rye was born. Besides they are only friends at this point. Rye still has to learn how to actually clean after himself before he can date." Katniss laughed at their son's concept of clean. His room was actually a dormant pile of dirty clothing waiting to burst out out into the rest of the house. Everyone refused to clean after Rye. "You are right." Peeta wanted to gloat but instead he offered her his arms for a music-less dance. Katniss blushed then easily fit into his welcoming arms. His arms were home for her. Yet even as she danced in the arms of her Boy with the Bread Katniss did vow to keep a close eye on Gale's girl. This was part of life and as she learned nothing in life was predictable, but this was their story. Their story would last forever.