hand. They walked toward the sofa. Together they sat down next to each other. Peeta some how found a pad and pen. And held them in his hands. Katniss watched him scribble something on the paper. Her eyes were wide as she watched him hand the note pad to her. The yellow legal pad had her name written beautifully on the top. Katniss read. "In the Capitol they say 'Carpe Diem' which I found out means 'Seize the Day'. I have missed you Katniss and there is so much I want to ask. 'Seize the day Katniss'. Tonight, in a matter of an hour, the old year will end and the new one will begin. Will you allow this, to happen, will you answer my questions?" Katniss thought about what he was asking. She thought in depth about what he meant by 'Seize the Day'. She may only have today, to show him how she actually felt. The New Year would begin in less than an hour. Taking a deep breath Katniss took the pen from him and wrote. She handed the pad and pen to him when she was done. Peeta read her hastily written note: "Peeta I'll allow it." PART SIX His smile was instantaneous. Peeta immediately wrote a response. Peeta handed back the pad and pen to Katniss. Katniss Read: "Real or not real that day, in your room, you were staring at me?" Taking a deep breath Katniss did not want to answer but she knew she had committed to telling Peeta what had happened. Katniss began to write, crossed it out and then wrote what she felt was appropriate. Peeta read what Katniss handed him. " I was - your eyelashes -REAL." Katniss could see the question forming on his brow as he read what she wrote. Peeta looked up to her. His blue eyes were twinkling with life, warmth and inquisitiveness as he wrote. She took the pad and read what he wrote. "Katniss, What do you mean by my eyelashes? Did I have something on them?" Katniss became exasperated by his note. She narrowed her grey eyes at him. Of all the things she wrote, of course he would ask why she was staring at his eyelashes. That day it wasn't just his lashes she was staring at. But she was not ready to tell him that she had been noticing all of him. His shoulders, arms, hands, and the way his mouth crinkled up when he smiled. The fact that she did not mind that he made noise in the forest, because it meant he was alive. Sharply, she wrote her response then roughly gave the pad to him. "Peeta, do you really need to know this?" Peeta raised an eyebrow at her response. Then he smiled lightly as he wrote. Katniss watched that crinkle form. She wanted to reach over and kiss him senseless. She was snapped from her little daydream as he pushed the note pad in her hand. "Katniss: Yes I do. I am trying to remember, why you would stare at me? Were you angry at me? Did I do something wrong? Why my eyelashes? Did I have something on my eye lashes?" Katniss looked at him as she finished reading. He looked so lost like a puppy. His face was slightly red, his hair was curled in the front and back and it stuck out everywhere. Katniss quickly began to write. "You didn't have anything on your lashes. And no Peeta I was not mad at you! You were just so" Katniss paused her writing. She wanted to write handsome. Peeta was very attractive and good-looking. She blushed, not knowing how she could say this to him. Peeta, who was looking over her shoulder gently took the pad from her hands and wrote "Katniss?" Katniss knew before, she would not have been thinking of things like this. However they were living in a new world. She was coming to see that. Taking a deep breath she wrote quickly and sloppily "I was looking at your eyelashes, and I liked them." She thrust the yellow note pad at him. Peeta frowned. Katniss knew he could barely make out what she wrote. He gave her back the pad and wrote. "What?" Swallowing Katniss used all the control in her power to write her confession with neat concise strokes. "Peeta, I like your eyelashes. I like your shoulders, your arms and hands. That day I was staring at you I couldn't help myself because I was falling in love with you. I am in love with you." PART SEVEN Peeta blushed. Those words written by CS Lewis came back to him. If he had not taken a chance, he would be going mad with trying to get Katniss to speak to him. He took a chance and it had worked out. Now he had to Carpe Diem. Peeta leaned in slowly. Somewhere a clock rang. The New Year was beginning. He grinned and he could see the way her eyes lit up right before he kissed her. Her lips were warm, soft and ready for his. Katniss's wound her arms around his neck. He could hear a small groan escape her mouth as she latched on to his bottom lip and sucked on it. Peeta recalled this was the way he liked to be kissed. Her tongue swept the seam of his lips seeking entrance. Peeta pulled back to look at her. His heart raced. He cupped her chin with his hands. Then he heard the words that she wrote slip out of her mouth. "I love you Peeta." Peeta swallowed then he brilliantly smiled the way his former self would have. He could see the way his smile affected her. Tears ran down her face. "I love you Peeta." Katniss confessed as the clock struck twelve. "Happy New Year's Katniss" Peeta sad right before their opened mouths met. Peeta was glad he took a chance and seized the day.