true bravery – like when a person saved someone's life or something like that. But if this wasn't an example of bravery and selflessness then Haven didn't know what was. Annie and Blake where then escorted into the Justice Buildings where friends and families would go and say goodbye. Goodbye. The word lingers in Haven's head. She wasn't sure if she would be able to handle it but she was already pushing people out of her way as she made her way over. She could hear the shuffling of feet behind her but she didn't look back. She pushed open a door and came face to face with Ayden. He didn't look happy. Behind him was Serena, Sonny and Manny huddled together. Annie's mother was sitting down staring off into space a steady stream of tears falling down her face: Annie's beloved grandparents held her hands whispering word of comfort but they seemed to be falling on deaf ears. Bernice and Kasey were their; Shannon as well – she looked horrified. The door opened again, Haven found herself in a jumble of arms, and legs as her friends engulfed her. Carina was sobbing into her shoulder, apologizing repeatedly. "I..I tried to stopped her but… but it was too late…," She sobbed, but when Haven didn't say anything, Eric than took her in his arms; whispering soothing words. She could feel anything is was almost as if she was gliding through time. She assumed she was still in shock. Her best friend had just decide to kill herself. She wanted to scream. She wanted to yell. She wanted to feel something. In her daze, she notice a group of people beside another door. Blake's family she assumed. Their weren't as many people here for him; but they too were sobbing and huddling together for comfort. She almost felt sorry for them but she remember these people would want Annie dead so Blake could come home. Suddenly she felt like throwing up. However before she could she was pulled from her daze when a Peacekeeper arrived; a few Victors behind him. "You'll have five minutes," He said before pushing Ayden through Annie's door and, who looked like Blake's mother, through his door. Suddenly she felt nervous what was she going to say to Annie, these could be her last words to her. No Annie would survive she would come home. She was the most hardworking person Haven had ever met. Of course she would come home to her family and continue running the store like always. "Your all her for the girl?" One of the female victors said looking at them. Haven was sure her name was Quinton, she had won about 11 years ago, and was now in her late 20s, she may be a murder but she still had a kind face Haven thought. She felt her stomach squeezed… Annie could become a murder. Sweet Annie who had only ever killed fish. And even then, she would feel bad about it. "Yes, we are," Annie grandfather answer, "Is something wrong?" "Oh no, it just they don't let many people in – kind of on a time limit – so just be prepared if you don't get to see her." We all nodded. Silently Haven began to think who would go in. Annie's siblings of course and grandparents. Bernice and Kasey. Maybe her mother. But would she be able to see her? Would she be able to talk to her best friend again before she left? Haven couldn't be sure. A Peacekeeper went and retrieved Ayden. When he returned, he looked angry. Which was understandable. Haven herself felt angry as well. He motioned for his younger brothers and sisters to enter as well as his grandparents. When they returned, Bernice and Kasey were ushered in both sobbing hysterically when they came back. The peacekeeper said one more. One more person. The last person Annie would be able to talk to before she left. Her mother refused; and personally Haven was glad. She didn't want Annie's last memory of this place to be her mother who abandoned her when her father did. So Haven found herself being pushed forward. She didn't fight it. And soon she came face to face with Annie Cresta. Her best friend. Her very stupid best friend. "I guess the odds weren't in our favor," Were Annie's first words. She wanted to yell at her. Scream until her throat was sore. However, a laughed escaped her lips and she launched herself at Annie. Soon both were clinging to each other and laughing uncontrollably. It wasn't even that funny. But Haven couldn't seem to stop. When they managed to control themselves a few seconds later Haven pulled away and held Annie's shoulders. "You can win this. No you will win this. Because we need you and you've never let us down before. So don't you dare start now. And when you come back I will yell and scream at you for doing this, for being you, being noble. So don't think your off the hook, but I need more than 5 minutes to say what I want to say okay?" "Okay," Her face was still calm and it make Haven want to shake her again, "But you've got to do something's for me. Make sure Ayden still does the home delivers; I don't want to get back and find that he's been slacking off. Make sure he cut Manny's hair – it's getting far too long. Oh and make sure Serena and Sonny still clean their room. They were supposed to do it yesterday. And please, please make sure Shannon doesn't blow up the stall." "Honestly Annie do you ever take a break," She sighed jokingly. She pulls Haven into another hug, "You should know me by know Hav, I never do thing half-mast. Geddit?" She laughs. "Yeah, sadly I do," Then she's pulled out and Annie's escorted to the train and their both still laughing. Feedback welcome Thankyou