sucks with aim if he can't predict the movement of his target." she replies proudly. "So you dodged." I confirm. The smug look turns into a more looking sheepish one and she nods. Shaking my head, I turning my attention back to her injury, but I can't stop the corner of my lips from tugging upward. Even with being injured she's still proud at pulling one over on her newfound enemy. Must be a Career thing. After rubbing away the last bit of blood, I look the wound over carefully, trying to recall anything Prim and Mom told me about injuries. Before I met Gale, I would come home with injuries upon injuries because of running into the wrong sort of animal or accidently nicking myself with an arrow. It took me awhile to get the hang of things, and I have scars to prove it. But given how the flesh is still a healthy looking color, I guess I was right, it isn't as bad as I had thought. It also wasn't on the stomach as much as on her side, given how it's angled it looks like she had twisted out of the way just in time. More of a flesh wound, if anything. Good, the ointment will be enough. Grabbing the small container on the ground, I twist off the lid. The smell of mint travels to my nose and I can hear Prim talking excitedly about the ointment and how she's going to find out how they made it. "You okay?" Glimmer asks pulling me back to reality, confusion clear on her face. I nod wordlessly and mutter, "This will sting" to her before dipping a finger into the sticky clear stuff and applying it to the skin. "Shit! Twelve, what the hell are you doing? That shit burns!" " This is something that will help you heal faster before you get an infection." I say with a bit of sympathy; my first experience with it hadn't been the best either. Back when my dad was still alive, my mom had put it on me while he distracted Prim. A seven year old should never hear that kind of language. It feels like someone had poured fire on you for the first couple of minutes but after that it cools down it feels much better. Soothing actually. "Just bear with it for a bit, it will get better." "You know, there are other ways to set me on fire." she says a hint of seduction coloring her voice. Pausing, I glance up to see her looking directly at me, amusement laced with gratitude shining in her green eyes. Ignoring the heat creeping onto my cheeks, I grin cheekily at her. "Good to know." I reply, causing her to laugh. After a few minutes, I'm almost done when she sighs in relief. Guess the cool down has begun , I think, and I start to cover it up with the bandages. "Look Twelve, thanks, you know. For helping me." Glimmer says softly. "My name is Katniss." I say with a smile. She returns it and starts to say something else when we both hear it. Footsteps, heavy ones at that, either someone who doesn't know how to walk quietly, someone who don't care or I glance at Glimmer, who is cursing under her breath someone who doesn't need to. My eyes fall down to the newly bandaged injury, she won't be able to move quickly enough. "What are you waiting for?" Glimmer asks grimly, her green orbs that had been searching the area behind me are now fixed back on me. "What the hell are you waiting for, Twelve? Get out of here." She thrusts a hand out pushing me and catching me off guard, and I reach back to steady myself. "I can't just leave you like this." I hiss back, keeping my voice low. She snorts, "And how exactly am I going to be able to outrun anyone like this? I hate to tell you this, but you wasted your time and it won't make much sense for both of us to die now would it?" Her eyes soften and she whispers, "Besides, I have someone waiting for me." "But…" I start but she shakes her head, leaning forward and reaching behind her to pull out a quiver of arrows and a bow. My jaw drops. The bow and arrows! The ones I had attempted to get in the bloodbath, but it had became apparent that I wouldn't be able to get them unless I wanted a serious injury or death at the hands of the knife girl. Before I can say anything however, she thrusts them at me. "Here, take this. I hope you have good aim." she says, obviously not knowing the importance of her actions. Still speechless, I just continue staring at her until we both hear a sharp snap. A shiver goes down my spine. Whoever it was is getting closer. Glimmer growls obviously annoyed now. "Take them and go, or we'll both die for no reason!" she hisses quietly. But I pay no mind to her this time and stare down at the bow and arrows in my hands. Even if she doesn't know what she's done, she had just practically given me a chance. I can't just leave her here to die. I won't. Getting up to my feet, I turn in the direction of the footsteps. "What are you doing, fire girl ?" Glimmer whispers harshly. I nock an arrow, my eyes narrowing as they sweep the area before I lift up the bow and point the arrow in the direction where I'm assuming whoever it was would emerge from. I think back to when I last spoke with my family, Peter's dad…Gale. Hunting. Think like you are hunting. As the footsteps get closer, my panic subsides as I mentally replace the heavy steps of a possible person with that of an animal. An animal…that's all I'm hunting.