awful human being who doesn't deserve to be a leader, or the girl on fire, but yet you like me anyways. You said that!" "You're selfish. Too absorbed in yourself to see the pain that you cause others. You're leading Peeta along like he's a dog on a leash and you think it's okay to play that card with me, too. No, honey, I don't play like that." I spat. The look on her face is completely mortified which changes to wrath in a split second. It doesn't take much to get Katniss riled up which is probably good for my sake. She grabs me by the shirt and shoves me against the wall, her face inches from mine. "I'm not playing with you!" She hisses, clenching my shirt with a death grip. "Peeta and I – Johanna's it's just an act. AN ACT. I care about him but not the way I do for you. I like you! I LIKE YOU. But you know what, maybe that's a mistake." "Maybe it is." I hiss through clenched teeth. "I know it was for me. I should've never bothered with you. I'm starting to see how pathetic you really are." It's amazing how sorrow can change to wrath. Perhaps its because anger is more acceptable that sadness to most and that's why it's easier to tolerate and embrace. If you get angry you're a force to me reckoned with. If you cry you're weak. She shakes her head in disgust. "I must've been too blind to see how awful you really are too." I wrench out of her grasp and smash my elbow into her ribs, making her double over from the shock, gasping. It gives me enough of an opportunity to shove her against my bed and crush her with my body. She fights once she gets the wind back in her lungs but she's no match for me. I crush my lips against hers, so rough and chaste and I devour her completely. I need to taste her one last time. The sweet, heavenly ecstasy that's her lips indulges me. I nip at her lower lip thrust my tongue in her mouth. She melts before me like she always does because my kisses are something she can't fight back. It's a rough and hard mess of a make-out session but I don't care because it'll be the last I ever have with her. She moans softly and I deepen the kiss. I lap at the blood from her lower lip which I had bitten to hard and I pull apart, panting for breath. She stares into my eyes, swallowing hard as if my kisses were made of poison. She lays there unmoving as I pull myself away from her. I wipe my lips with the back of my hand and murmur in a low voice, "I want nothing to do with you anymore." A tear glides down her cheek, her walls shattering, her anger subsiding when the reality sinks in. I yearn to cup her cheek and kiss it away but I can't. I can't. Oh God, what have I done? If it's for the best then why does it hurt so bad? She stands up and gives me the most heart-breaking expression I've seen – the love and warmth completely erased as if it was never there in the first place. She lets out a sigh and gives me one last look from the corner of her eye. "Whatever I did..." Her voice is a whisper in the darkness. "Whatever made your brain decide to do a 360 on me. Whatever it was that made you hate me..." She chokes on a sob she was trying to hold. "I'm sorry." And with that she leaves like a whisper almost as if she was never there. I sink to the floor after watching her leave and my heart is completely sliced down the middle. I clutch my chest as if my heart is hemorrhaging and the tears finally escape. I make no effort to stop them, nor to remove myself off the floor. It hurts to bad to think and to feel knowing that I just left Katniss walk out of my life and I have no idea if I'll ever get her back. "You'll never forgive me, will you?" I whisper in the darkness, staring at the door at the light filtering in, expecting Katniss to come back. But she won't – I know she won't. I sit in silence just relishing in the darkness looming around me. It soothes the pain a little but not enough to get me by. I yearn to get up off the floor, slam the door, and cry myself to sleep in my bed but I can't. I just can't. How on earth am I supposed to sleep after tonight? "I'll kill you, Snow." I hiss, shaking with sobs. "I'll slit your throat with my bear hands. I'll make you pay for the hell you've put me through." I make that silent vow tonight – a sacred promise to bring nothing but condemnation onto the man for everything he's done. He's put every victor through hell and tortured them in some way. It's about time he pays for his sins. I'll put an end to him and when I do I'll tell Katniss the truth and why I had to do this. How I needed to protect her at all cost because she was the epitome of hope for all of Panem. I only hope she can find it in her heart to forgive me for what I had to do. Maybe...just maybe when this is all said and done and Snow is killed, she'll be able to forgive me. Maybe we'll be able to move on and repair what we once had. Things can go back to the way they were before. I hold onto the precious hope and pray that the odds may end up being in my favor someday.