to slur, 'Jo-Johanna….Ohhhh…I'd pay all the money in the world. It's such a s-shame. Su-such a shameeee. President S-snowww…will make you pay. Mmm….you'll regret it, daaarlinggg.' I didn't think much of it at first, you know? I thought it was just a slap on the wrist. I was so stupid, so naïve, for thinking Snow would just let me go without a passing glance. I defied him and his offer. This wasn't over yet." Johanna pauses for a long while. Her face is obscured by shadows and I can't make out the expression laced on her face. I think for a moment that she's absorbed in some horrible flashback until she speaks again, her voice filling the forest with venom. "He killed them." It was like a knife sliced through my heart when she uttered the statement. She swallowed hard and a single tear rolled down her cheek but even still she didn't cry. "I came back home and found the remains of my family in the forest…they were out gathering lumber and he bombed the whole place. The forest, to this day, is still charred and withered, slowly growing back but the memories…the awful memories are still there. Those that didn't get bombed were taken by Peacekeepers and beaten to death. My friends were dragged away bloody and beaten the same day that my family perished in the forest. He made sure every last one of them died. He made me pay." She bit down on her lip and clenched her fists grabbing a rock and throwing it up in one of the trees startling the sleepy birds nestled in. My heart ached and throbbed for the axe girl sitting before me. Her loved ones lives destroyed. Taken in the palm of President Snow's hand and crumbled beneath his power. Nothing could compare to that feeling. Nothing. My opinion of the District 7 victor has been changed forever. I would never look at her the same way again. I couldn't form words to tell her exactly how I felt. How sorry I was. How I wished that never happened. But nothing would help and I know Johanna wouldn't want pity on her. That was the last thing she'd want. So instead I got up and sat beside the girl, attentively wrapping an arm around her in a comforting manner. I wasn't a touchy-feely kind of girl and neither was she but she accepted the act anyways. "I'm sorry," I whispered hoarsely, wishing I could just pour my heart out to the girl but I was never good with words. "I'm so sorry." She's stiff in my arms looking straight ahead as if the flashbacks were overpowering her once again. Her lips were in a tight line and she says nothing while I console her. What could be said after she poured her heart out to me? She might as well be a still doll, so terse and unmoving in my arms. I give her another squeeze and let my voice whisper against her ear; a sacred promise. "I will kill Snow, Johanna. I will make him pay. I promise you he will die a horrible death." Her body relaxes slightly after this and the life has returned into her. She nods taking in my words as if it was blood promise and the Johanna I know comes back to the surface, so brash and blunt. "I hope that bastard burns in hell for everything he's done." She hisses. I feel the same; no amount of words can show it. Snow has tarnished so many lives and shattered so many souls. It's about time he pays for it. For everything. We sit in silence for a while, just the sound of our breathing apparent. I break the silence again and murmur, "Thanks for letting me in." It's corny but it's true. I feel like this has brought us closer and I feel like I understand her better now. She suffers and hurts just like anyone else, despite what her outward attitude may suggest. With that promise I vow to uphold I know things will get better from here on out. She turns towards me, her eyes seem so tired after telling me the tale but she still gives me a smirk and nods. "Don't go all sappy on me, brainless." "I won't." She gets up and shakes her limbs from sitting for so long. She gives me an up and down glance and turns her back on me. "I'm gonna go get water or something. You should sleep though. I promise I won't kill you." She was trying to lighten the mood and for that I was grateful. God knows I wouldn't get any sleep but I might as well try. I leaned back against a tree and watched her as she rummages around for the spile we were gifted earlier. She turns to leave before glancing at me, her lips parted as if she wanted to say something. I blink up at her in the darkness. "There's no one left that I love. The Jabberyjays can't hurt me." She whispers, her breath drawing a soft mist in the inky black night. "But I think…if I did hear someone's voice it would be yours." She leaves me with that and begins to walk away, no doubt getting her water but leaving me with a palpitating heart. I wanted to go after her but I just stayed lamely in place as the words sunk in. My heart wrenched as I watched her fade into the dark forest and I felt happy for the first time since we entered the arena. Johanna Mason, the axe girl from District 7; I would never look at her the same way again. I feel, if anything, this event brought us closer. "I promise." I whispered into the night even though I knew she was too far away to hear me. "I won't ever let you down." I truly was a beacon of hope to everyone.