slowly. "Well we have almost two weeks before we get there. And this Victory Tour can take as long as possible before we get there," he told me and I nodded. I knew that he hated the Capitol too, maybe just slightly less than I did. "Hey maybe I'll chop all of my hair off, or dye it blue?" He said and I laughed loudly. For a moment we sat together in silence but then a thought dawned on me. Had he said that he would dye his hair blue. But why had he only said blue? He could have just said that he would dye it. "Why blue?" I asked him and I saw that he looked clearly surprised. Maybe he had thought that I would just shrug it off. He smiled at me and kissed my forehead lightly, bringing a small blush to my cheeks. I loved Cato because he was everything. He was tough, but he was sweet too. Not that he ever showed anyone besides myself that he was sweet. That was strictly for his own family and me on the rare occasion. "It's my favorite color," he told me and I raised my eyebrows. It was one of those things that I had never really thought about. His favorite color. It was such a mundane thing but it was something that people who loved each other knew. It was something that we should know about each other. So why didn't I know that it was his. I guess if I would have had to guess I would have thought that it was red. The color of blood. It seemed to suit his personality so well. Blood, anger. All the things that it meant to be a Career. "I would have thought that it was red," I admitted to him. Cato laughed at me and shook his head and I smiled at him. "Now that's stereotyping. Thinking that my favorite color would be the same color as blood," he told me and I laughed. So he had figured it out, of course I would have called him stupid had he not. "Nah, I like blue. It reminds me of the sky. I used to be stuck inside training all day when I would really want to practice in the yard. But you had to be at least sixteen to practice in the yard," he told me and I frowned. He had only ever wanted to be outside and he hadn't even been allowed that. "But anyways, everything of mine was blue. My walls, my clothes. My family hates blue to say the least," he said and I laughed. It was such a Cato thing to do. I smiled at him and shook my head. I could picture a little Cato with everything blue. So much so that it made his family hate the color forever. "That's actually pretty cute. I always liked purple," I admitted to him and he cocked his head at me. "Nothing we really get is purple, it's just such an interesting color. Although after being in the Capitol for a long time I think that the only colors I like now are black, white, grey, and brown," I said. He laughed at me and I grinned. Sometimes I thought that I was way too serious, but it was days like this that reminded me that I wasn't too serious, I was just around the wrong people. People who either cared too much about something that they didn't understand or people who didn't care at all. "I agree with that one. We should get to bed, Aspen. We'll be in District 11 in the morning," he told me and I gulped deeply. Rue, Thresh. I had dreaded that moment for months. "I know that you don't want to be there but there is nothing more that can be done. We just have to get there and get over it. Goodnight Aspen, I'll see you in the morning," Cato said as he tucked himself into my sheets. Taking a deep breath, I laid under that sheets and let my head fall onto his shoulder. He wrapped one hand around my shoulder pulled me even closer. I yawned deeply and closed my eyes nuzzling into his chest. "Goodnight Cato," I said softly, praying that tomorrow would go by as quickly as possible. It was just one more day of the hell that the Capitol had thrown me into. A/N: Well I hope that you guys liked this first chapter of Burn! It's a lot to take in in one chapter and I think that the majority of the story will be like this. I'm expecting more dialogue in this book, considering Aspen will very rarely be on her own. And also you all know that characters will have to have different outcomes in this book rather than in the original. But the story line will stay somewhat similar. Although there will be some serious differences. Oh and also, out of the three books that I anticipate writing, I believe that this one will probably be the shortest and the next one will be the longest. Hopefully you all like this! So I'm expecting that the next chapter will be District 11- and a few others- but an overall summary of the Victory Tour, and then the one after that will be the last stop in the Capitol, (Seneca Crane sound familiar to anyone?) along with some events while she's there. Not quite sure where I want to go after that! But there is time for me to figure that out. I hope you guys will stick with this story as much as you did Revenge! As always, thank you to everyone that reviewed and gave me the new follows and favorites for Revenge. I'll give a more specific thanks for anyone who reviews Burn. Temptation for you all to review! Please do. So let me know how you liked it and see you soon! -A