with a woman as lovely as you," he said while taking her hand and gently kissing it. "Ugh," I whisper, "he has always been a ladies man, as they say, but I think here in the Capital he would be in way over his head." However, she just feigned a blush and continued on with just a "my, my, how sweet," before flitting back to the front of the table and the time schedules on the screen. He happened to also be one of the few team members that were in it just for the game. I knew 1 pm would come quickly so I retreated back to our room as soon as Natalia finished her speech. Jonathan was right at my side, assuring me, "the stylists are not so bad once you get past their appearance and attitudes," he said with a smile. "We shall probably see them first before the rest of the team as Taiger and the rest were quite impressed with you." Sure enough, the whole crew bounded into our room at just a bit past 10 and began their work with us. Lativah was a deeper shade of green, but her green apple hair was just as bright as the last time I saw her. "You make me hungry for sour green apples," I told her, and she smiled as she put my hair up into several joining braids and a bun on the top, while Taiger worked on trimming Jonathan's nails and making sure they were perfectly rounded. Kale was a lighter shade of lavender and smelled of the flower also. They seemed to be having a great conversation with ease. I wish I knew what to say to these well-meaning yet very different people. Just as soon as my hair seemed so tight my skin would stretch out into a flat pancake like the ones we had for breakfast, she announced in a triumphant squeal, "all done in a bun." "How cute, it rhymes," I couldn't help but thinking. Then it was Kale's turn to work on my makeup while berating me on how I have let myself go and how a lady needs to take pride in her appearance. I placated her with comments like, "Oh, I will," and "thank you." I couldn't imagine that makeup was all that important. I could see a nice hair style, but gold and teal over my eyebrows? I could tell that Natalia had passed on to them my dress choices. Jorgai entered then with a "clap, clap," and Taiger gathered up Lativah and Kale and left us alone with him. He entered, looked around a bit saying how wonderful we looked and how it was time to try on our outfits, and then I heard the slap of the small round disk on a metal surface. "I have missed you Melinda," he said as he came up and gave me a hug. "Hey," he said while looking around like he was sharing a secret in class, "I bet you would never guess where your mother and sister-in-law are right now?" "Mom and kitty, where are they?" I said, not even thinking they could go anywhere besides this complex. Where would they go? "Why they are at my sister Demi's house as she was dying to meet a real horticulturalist like your mom. They have been trading secrets about growing prize roses for about 2 hours now. It is all about roses over there." All of a sudden, I was a bit jealous, "Wait, they get to leave here and we have to be picked at and worked over while they get to sip tea with your sister and smell her prize winning roses?" "Don't worry, you will get to meet Demi soon enough, and my family as well. Besides, since I told her about your mom she has been asking perpetually when she would get to meet her" He said with an apologetic smile. "Remember, they don't have an interview at 1 pm or a party at 6 pm. They are free to attend the party or not, provided they go to approved sites and visit only with members such as myself that already has a relationship with members of the team" he continued. "They need to attend as spectators for the interview, but that does not require a full make over like for those who are going to go in front of the cameras." "What are we to be asked anyways," I questioned. "The usual ... how are you liking the Capital, tell us a little about yourself, how do you feel to be this year's winners, what are you going to do now, are you planning to return afterwards or stay to train in the Capital. This year they have done something special, though I have heard, and let the audience write in questions to boost attendance and interest." "Should we stay in the Capital if they ask us?" "It would be very important however possibly dangerous for you to stay, but I believe that you should stay. It would defeat the purpose you came here for if you go home so soon." "I know, but I would feel safer going home." "Safety is relative," he said while backing up and gently removing the silver disk. Hungry for more ... Please check out the complete manuscript including some ideas for cover art and maps of Panem. Check out the art at deviant art and the full copywritten mamanuscripr at Amazon ... Dark Days:The winds of Change ... I have two more in this series I am currently working towards publication, so please help me make them the best that they can be for the fans of the Hunger Games. Please leave comments questions and ideas here and on my website Dark days Hunger Games, as well as at Amazon. Thank you for your help and know I will credit all contributors in my final manuscript ... Amazon Release Date is December 1st, 2015.