each other under the apple tree, near the pig pen. They're locked in some heated battle, and that along with their strong, wide builds reminds me of bears fighting. But they aren't bears; they're blond merchant boys with their flushed pale skin, shirtless and exposed. I find myself rooting for one in particular, hoping to see him win no matter how hard I try not to care what they are doing, and I feel a chill run through me. He's struggling to keep his balance against his brother's best efforts, but suddenly he twists here and there and in the end his brother is the one on the ground underneath him. He's smiling, now, and his face lights up the entire gloomy yard. "I won that time," he says before lifting himself up and offering a hand to his brother. "Lucky move," the other mutters and I can't help but watch how the winner wipes the sweat along his shoulders and chest with his shirt. His chest expands and contracts with his breaths causing the muscles underneath to ripple. I'm mesmerized by them; I can't turn away from them until I hear my name from behind me. "Katniss?" the baker calls for me with some confusion from the back door of the bakery, and then his focus darts to his two sons. "It's almost time for school. Get inside and get ready," he says to them before shifting his attention back on me. "Did you want something?" The heat rushes up my neck and cheeks and ears until I feel like I'm burning from within. I'm even starting to sweat a little. In my embarrassment, I chance a look back and see the Mellark boys looking at me. One seems amused while the other seems utterly confused by my presence. The baker's waiting for me to answer, his patience clearly wearing thin with a typically busy morning to get back to, but the heat that's spreading throughout my body causes my mouth to go dry as well as my voice to get lost somewhere between my throat and my chest. Pathetically, all I can do is hold up my game bag to him and he takes it from me to peek inside. "Ah, a squirrel," he says to me after finding the squirrel among the sachets, and I nod because that's all I can do. He holds up a finger to tell me to wait a minute before he disappears into the bakery. "Hey," one of the Mellark boys says while walking by me and into his house. We don't know each other very well, just in passing, but he's being polite. I respond with something that's more of a grunt than a "hey" and notice the other Mellark boy standing behind me. "Hi, Katniss," he says, and at first I wonder how he knows my name, but then I remember that his father said it only minutes ago. I know this Mellark. He's not a friend; I can't even call him an acquaintance, but I know him. He's the one who saved my life when I was eleven, and that's a debt I can never repay. To add to my embarrassment, my body heat only grows with each thump of my pulse which I feel in my throat. Perhaps that's what's taken my voice. It doesn't help that I don't notice him speaking to me because I'm too busy trying to figure out where I've seen that particular shade of blue, the color of his eyes, and then it hits me. It was the color of the morning sky that I couldn't help but stare at this morning. I try to shake the thought of what my mother had told me when I was younger: "We each know more than we think we do. Coincidence can sometimes mean something." I don't know how long he's been calling me, but I finally hear him. "Katniss? Are you okay?" No. I'm not okay. Something is definitely wrong with me, so I run even when I hear Mr. Mellark call out, "You forgot your bread." "I'll get it after school," I call out but don't dare look back, hoping that they think I'm rushing to get to school rather than running away from whatever this is going on with me. I spend most of my time in school mentally chastising myself for treating Gale the way I did and my strange behavior with the Mellark boy this morning, and when school ends, I dread having to go to the bakery for my bread and sachets. For a moment, I consider not claiming it, but that would only make me look guilty. Guilty of what, I have no idea. It's bad enough that I not only left my game bag but also the sachets inside it. I couldn't even give Madge her dried strawberries and the herbs for her mother. There's no way around it; I have to go back. So I tell Prim to go home without me, and I turn towards the bakery. Mr. Mellark eyes me in the storefront window and removes his apron before grabbing what I think is my bread and heading to the back of the bakery to meet me. The door opens, and he's holding my game bag bundled in his arms and hands it over to me. I can feel the bread inside it along with the bulges of the sachets. I wasn't too worried about the herbs, few people understand my mother's color coded system and which is used for what. I smile and thank him before I notice his smile falter and his brows crease as though gripped by a sudden thought before he recovers and gives me another warm smile. We nod our heads to each other as a mutual thanks, but before I can turn away, I hear a scream from the town center. Prim's scream. Reviews are how you pay a fanfic author. Feedback is worth it's weight in gold.