each movement all the while taking a good look at the toddler in my arms. Flower hides her face in my chest and starts to tremble a little. His voice had been harsh calling my name and the look on his face can't be helping the situation. "Katniss," he says my name a little softer, and Flower peeks under her blond curls; her curiosity's won out. I'm sure the little peek of her eyes is enough. Her eyes aren't my mother's and sister's shade of blue, but another shade that I'm sure he's very familiar with every time he looks in a mirror. It's the shade of blue that are leveled hard on me at the moment. Nothing is said for an eternity until I gather enough courage to hand Flower to Prim. "Take her home," is all I say. Prim's about to question me, but something snaps in her mind at that very moment. Her eyes dart from Flower's face to Peeta's and then grow wide before she recovers. The last thing I see is her practically shielding Flower's body in her arms before she leaves for the Seam. To make matters worse, him shouting my name down the road has caused people to look curiously in our direction as we stand there face to face in the middle of the road. "Katniss? Do you have something to tell me?" he asks me. He's trying to remain calm but he's losing the battle. "No," is all I say. There's a hard set to his wide jaw as it clenches and unclenches with his mounting annoyance. I try to walk away again, and he doesn't step in my way but instead walks in step with me. It's now that I know he won't let this go, so I lead him to the backyard of the old, abandoned apothecary my mother's parents once owned. It's not completely private, but at least it's away from the curious eyes on us. "Who is she, Katniss?" No matter how I try to fight them, the tears well in my eyes and I'm forced to look away from the pair of blue that are identical to Flower's. "My baby sister," I mutter weakly because, at the moment, I can't even convince myself of the lie I've been telling for a little over a year. "She's not your baby sister," he says firmly. "Does it matter?" I sigh. The weight of the situation is crushing me, and I'm having a hard time breathing. "Does it matter? Does it matter?" Each word is louder than the last. "If she's my daughter, our daughter, it matters a whole hell of a lot, Katniss!" I'm tired and all I want to do is go home. I want to go back to my safe, comfortable life and live in the lie again because it worked that way. I can't think of myself as a mother or him as the father of my child because it's too much. Like the day I found out that I was pregnant, it's too much to think about. I remember crying in my room, unable to do anything else for days until Prim came in and cried with me. She curled around me and begged me not to take the herbs our mother gives to the other Seam girls. She thought of the idea to raise the baby as our sibling, and begged that I would allow it. She begged that I would let her have a little sister or brother until I relented because she seemed so sure and I had no idea of what to do. And now I have to face it all over again. One night of weakness, a desperation to be something other than the responsible daughter, filled with drinking and flattering words of love and devotion from a merchant boy. He wasn't suppose to know, and more importantly, he wasn't suppose to care. Merchant folk expect this from Seam, expect promiscuity and unexpected pregnancies. I think of all of the things I've heard merchants say about Seam. I think about sweet Prim with no friends and having to walk with the Hawthorne boys for safety, and all of those thoughts make me shiver with new found anger and grit my teeth until what I'm feeling comes out in growled words. "Even if she were, then what? One parent from the Seam, one from town. A Seam girl. She's Seam Peeta, and you're not." The last thing I say before I leave him behind the old apothecary is, "She's my sister, Peeta." He doesn't follow me, and I'm thankful for it. I get home and hear a voice inside the house that doesn't belong to any of my family. I press my body against the wall of the house and hope they can't see me through the window as I heave to take every single breath. I'm afraid of who it may be. It's been days since Peeta confronted me, and my first fear was that he'd come to my home for whatever insane reason to declare himself Flower's father. But the voice isn't his. The voice is of the eldest Hawthorne and then his father starts to laugh with my father. The three voices together settles my stomach and relaxes my muscles. I ready myself to enter the house when I hear their conversation more clearly. "I tell you, it was the damnedest thing. The boy came right in as proud as he pleased and we thought it was a prank," Mr. Hawthorne says. "You know how they like to prank us every now and then." I hear my father agree just as my heart takes a heavy thud. I'm sorry I can't have the rest of my story posted here. Some of my stories have been posted to other sites without my permission from this site. I'm probably not going to post anything more than fragments of any story to this site anymore. Again, sorry for the inconvenience.