was scared. I didn't want to become the shell of being like my mother so I ran." Her answer came out in the faintest whisper. "And you ran to me. Because I was safe. Because I loved you. Because I was probably the last person you would fall in love with. I wasn't the man you were in love with, but I was your friend. Someone you trusted. You chose me because choosing me would mean you wouldn't have to actually accept whatever you had with Gale. That's why you chose me." The pieces all connected together. He collapsed into the chair closest to him. He couldn't stand it anymore. His head and heart ached. His entire body felt limp and weak. He was drained emotionally, physically, and mentally. He had said his piece. But, no matter how much he yelled and threw things around, he knew that his heart was beyond repair at the moment. Nothing could fix this. Dramatic as it may sound, his life was literally ruined. His heart was thrown in a shredder and the future he thought he had had vanished. He could sit here and cry and yell as much as he wanted to, but nothing could alleviate any of the pain he was enduring. He once saw himself as an old man with an older Katniss by his side, sitting on the back porch of this home, watching their grandchildren run around the backyard. He always thought that that was what his future held for him and he couldn't be any happier. But he was wrong. Reality was completely different and he never expected this to happen. Maybe it was because he was too much of a romantic and idealist. He knew that their relationship had hit a bump in the road the first time he had proposed and she had rejected it. It was Katniss' birthday and he had made her favorite lamb stew. They had been dating for a little over two years and he couldn't be any happier. He couldn't hide the fact that he was slightly shaking and he could tell that Katniss knew that something was up by the way she glanced at him from across the table in her apartment. Finally taking a deep breath, he got up and knelt down on his knee. "Katniss, I have loved you from the very moment I saw you. It took us years to get to where we are and I couldn't be any happier. I love absolutely everything about you and if I wasn't so nervous, I would have remembered the rest of this spiel I planned out. So let's just cut to the chase. Katniss Everdeen, will you do me the honor and marry me?" It felt like a year had passed before Katniss had finally answered, "No. I'm sorry Peeta, but it's too soon for me. I don't want to rush things. But, I love you so much, Peeta. Please understand that." All he could do was numbly nod and get up to embrace her. He mumbled to her that he did understand and that he would wait until she was ready. /ememHe understood, but that didn't make the pain hurt any less. How stupid he was to think that that would be the worst pain he would feel from Katniss. How completely and utterly deluded he was to think that. He was wrong. So, so wrong. He couldn't stand being here anymore. He had to leave. It was too much for him. "I'm leaving and don't you dare fucking follow me because I can't stand the sight of you anymore." He got up and grabbed his coat, heading for the door. "Peeta, wait!" "What? What else could you possibly say right now that would make me feel better? You could try. Because, so help me God, there is nothing right now, stopping me from jumping off a fucking bridge, leaving the ruins of my life behind me. Go ahead and try, Katniss. Tell me why I shouldn't because right now I don't give a shit about whether I live or die. I don't care. You ruined me." "You don't mean that, do you, Peeta?" Even if she didn't love him, she did care for him and she knew that what she told him would hurt him, devastate him. But, for him to contemplate suicide? No. She didn't think that at all. It wasn't possible for him. It wasn't in his makeup to do something like that. Right? He contemplated answering, but said nothing. As he turned back and grabbed the door knob, he saw a glimmer from his left hand. His engagement ring. He got both of them a ring to symbolize the unity in their relationship. What a fucking joke. He could feel the inscription burning his finger. emAlways./em He promised her always, but she obviously never did the same. Slipping it off his finger, he flung it to the side of him, into the room in disarray. "Looks like I won't be needing that anymore." And with that, he left the house. To anyone passing by the suburban home on that rainy day, they wouldn't be able to see the woman inside, on her knees, sobbing. They would see a man with gorgeous blue eyes and blond hair walking away. Walking away from the ruins of his life. Walking aimlessly to wherever his decimated future led him. Away from the supposed happiness and love that the suburban home once held for him. Away from the woman who annihilated his heart. A/N: Should I do another chapter, giving you a glimpse to their future? I haven't decided if I wanted to yet. I've written another story for the Hunger Games, but I didn't get a lot of feedback, unfortunately. So, please review and let me know if that's something you all would be interested in. If there's a high demand, I definitely will do one. If not, this is where Katniss and Peeta unfortunately end.