He stood rooted to the spot in bone-trembling fear as the men first raped and then murdered his own mother. Then when they were done and she was dead, Cato finally moved, tripping in his haste as he scrambled back up the street and back home. He hid in his room, clawing at the tears that tracked down his cheeks and horror, pain, fear, disgust, and fury clashed inside a heart too young to understand. And that night, Cato's belief and capability in love was destroyed. Of course, four years later, after careful planning and patient waiting, three mason workers disappeared from District without a trace and a sword went missing from Edward Braxton's collection. Cato threw himself headlong in his training with an appalling dedication, ruthless and undeterred. At the age of twelve, Cato was the strongest. At the age of fourteen, Cato was the best of the entire training center. The only thing left to live for was the Hunger Games, his last and only choice. He would kill anything and anyone. When he was six years old, Cato lost the two most important people in the world and with them went his will to love. All that was left was a massive shell filled with blood-lust, fury, pain, and mindless cruelty. But one does not simply lose what has been instilled in him since birth. Brought up by a tender woman, Cato was not at all cruel and insensitive to the female species. In all honesty, he tried not to have anything to do with them. But if Cato had any kind of soft-spot, it would have been for Clove Easton. Raised as a gentleman, Cato Braxton was constantly surrounded by a hoard of girls falling at his feet for his handsome structure and heart-shredding smile. Although he turned down nearly every girl that had the courage to approach him, he was stiffly kind and gentle, a quality that just made all the silly girls in District love him more. He was irresistible and unattainable. Normally, Cato would never have paid an inch of attention to a little thing like Clove, but they had not meant under normal circumstances. Eight year old, Cato cursed under his breath as he rubbed away the blood on his torn knuckles. Walking back from the Training Center, Cato had released his daily fury and frustration on a group of arrogant twats that thought they could take advantage of one of the younger female trainees. Cato had no patience for boys that treated girls like dirt, used for pleasure and discarded once done. It was days like these that made Cato hate the whole world and the darkness that crawled through every crevice of the Capitol. Murder, blood, filth, every imaginable sin existed in each corner of the wealthier Districts who had the resources and means to cover up their indiscretions. The world was a dark place, an environment that fed his roaring hatred. He stopped to watch when he saw one of the older trainees approach an abandoned puppy on the side of the road. Knowing his District, Cato waited for the older boy to stomp the life out of the pitiful thing. But before the boy could do anything, a little girl stepped in between him and his prey, holding a glinting knife threateningly before her. Cato stayed his position in the shadows, watching amused. "Leave it alone." The girl tilted her head up defiantly, her striking, dark green eyes unwavering. "Get out of my way, little girl." The older boy scoffed jeeringly and made to shove the girl aside. A flash and a cry of pain. "I said, leave it alone, idiot." The older boy clutched his hand to his abdomen, blood dripping from his fingers. Cato's eyes flickered back to the blade in surprise, seeing the blood on the blade. Subtly impressed, Cato studied the small girl again. The puppy cowered behind the girl's slender legs. Her soft, midnight brown hair was neatly plaited, hanging below her waist. She wore nondescript jeans and a T-shirt, typical. Sharp, angular cheekbones just losing their baby fat and a sprinkle of freckles across the bridge of her nose. "Why, you little – " Cato looked away when the older boy made to grab the smaller girl, prepared to resume his walk home and let whatever happen, happen,. Lightning fast, the girl had the older boy on the ground, crouched over him. Cato watched, mesmerized as she brought her fist up and then drove the knife through the right hand of the boy. He howled in pain as she yanked the blade out again. "I said." She huffed coldly, " Leave 'im alone ." "Fucking bitch." The older boy sat up, cradling his injured hand and sending the girl one last mutinous glare before stumbling away. Cato was surprised again when the girl wiped the blade on her T-shirt, then stuck the blade in the waistline of her jeans. Her blank, cold expression morphed into one of tender melancholy as she picked up the puppy with small, gentle hands. "Hey, you." She murmured, "You're just looking for trouble, aren't ya?" The puppy licked her nose and Cato's heart stuttered as the most delightful smile spread across her face. It had been a long time since he'd seen such warmth in a human's eyes. "You're adorable." The little girl rubbed her nose against the puppy's face comfortingly. Cato watched her leave with an indescribable ache in his heart where he used to love. Just that one insignificant act by a girl with a turmoil heart revived the smallest inkling of warmth in Cato's dark and tortured soul. In that one moment, Cato had allowed himself to believe that maybe there was some goodness in the world after all. Please, please, please review this story for me, readers! I would really love it! I hope you enjoyed this setting. This chapter's really only about their background and what makes them them in this story.