bracelet my brother had given me our first games. This whole thing brought back so many memories, the painful ones as well and happy ones. He was the only reason I was still alive. He had sacrificed himself in the arena to save my life, he was the only family I had and he was gone. The handmade woven bracelet he had made me before the reaping day; the only thing I had left of him. I felt something yanking on my wrist pulling me out of my daze. I didn't have time to react as my hand raised and dropped. My eyes darting up quickly to see Cashmere holding my bracelet up as she examined it with a look of disgust. I felt my heart drop, a lump forming in my throat the smile that was once forcefully glued to my face dropped. There was no way I could stand up to her; I'd be a fool to even try. "How can you wear this hideous thing" she scoffed I stumbled to my feet trying not to let her see how upset it had made me. I would not show weakness in front of my future enemy. I swiped my hand trying to take my bracelet back from her she just held it up higher out of my reach, laughing at my poor attempts to get it back. I straightened my back looking up at her with a firm look. "Please give me my bracelet back, Cashmere," I asked her calmly not letting her know I was upset. "Take it from me, come on." She taunted Really? Fighting among Victors before the games was a big no no. Cashmere pushed me harshly with her free hand, causing me to stumble backwards and trip on the matt. To others who had been watching, it caused them to pause their training, wondering where this would lead to. I fell onto my back lightly gasping for air. This was humiliating. My head slightly missed from hitting the matt and I could feel hand sliding behind my back, helping me sit up, I raised my hand lightly, rubbing the back of my head. Katniss and Peeta had walked over to the situation and neither looked impressed. They held more morals than the other victors. "Give it back to her," Katniss demanded "Girl on fire defending the weakling how pathetic, Katniss" She hissed. "You don't scare me, little girl. You're nothing without your precious bow and arrow." "Save it for the games and give it back" Johanna snapped from her spot on the towered mats. "You're making more enemies than needed already, Cashmere. Is that really a wise decision?" "Ha!" Cashmere laughed. "You think I'm afraid of you? As if. I'll laugh and spit in your face before I slit your throat in the arena." Now I really felt weak but if I could have some allies it was better than nothing. Three people against one didn't seem to deter her. Cashmere simply rolled her eyes, completely ignoring what Johanna was saying. She acted so fearless. It made me wonder if it was all a façade. This situation was like school times all over again; everyone picking on me for being the smallest. The person who was behind me started helping me to my feet. I looked over my shoulder to see Finnick had been the one helping me up. I honestly thought it would have been Peeta since he was usually near Katniss. We rarely said anything to one another but it made me feel good knowing that someone had helped me. I gave him a half smile, turning back to face Cashmere. She had a vicious smirk on her face her eyes filled with mischief. As her long slender fingers started picking my bracelet apart the thread, pulling them to unravel the bracelet. My. Heart. Dropped. Shattering into a million pieces at seeing my one true treasure so easily broken. It felt like she was ripping my heart out I could feel my body shaking, I knew I couldn't take her. I was weak and powerless towards her and she knew it, even if we weren't supposed to harm another victor until the arena. If only I had gotten stronger in my time after surviving the first games. I felt Finnick's hand on my shoulder as he walked around me, gaining back Cashmere's attention. Stepping in front of me he yanked the bracelet from her grip rather forcefully as he leaned in, whispering something in her ear before turning back to face me. His face went from serious with a darkness in his eyes to his typical charming, heart melting grin and twinkle ocean eyes. He lifted his hand up, letting the bracelet dangle from his fingers. "I believe this is yours, darling" He said softly I reached up gently taking it from him, his hands gently wrapping around mine holding them for a moment before letting them go. As I gave him a soft smile, I could just see Cashmere over his shoulder. Her eyes were no longer raging and fierce only she had a look of fear of terror. She seemed to have paled a couple of shades making me wonder whatever he had said to her had scared her. "Thank you," I mumbled softly slightly embarrassed of the event. Thankfully others resumed their training. Finnick just gave a nod, shooting me another grin before going back to training, as did Katniss and Peeta. I watched as they left me a small true smiling forming on my lips as I gently gripped my bracelet. It seemed even in death my brother was watching out for me. Showing me that even though I had felt alone in all of this, there were people who cared. I seemingly really did have friends or at the very least allies in Katniss, Peeta and Finnick. Something that gave me a sense of calmness matched with safeness. Maybe, just maybe I might survive this game.