find the blind boy instead. Weston ? Weston thinks he can take me? I slam my elbow into his gut, but he manages to roll over so I'm below him once more. And then they gang up on me, him and Rafael. Rafael kicks my side and I writhe away as Weston grabs my collar and yanks me into a standing position. Before he can subdue me, however, I plant a kick squarely into his stomach and he doubles over in pain. " What's wrong with you?" Rafael asks suddenly. His words hurt more than any punch. Why do they always think it's something wrong with me ? Why isn't it ever something wrong with them ? I wasn't born a monster. They made me into one, with their taunting and teasing, their bullying and laughing. So why do they blame me? As these thoughts race across my mind, I hesitate long enough for Weston to slam into me from behind. I fly forward, landing on the floor of the empty dressing room in front of me. Weston and Rafael jump in with me, slamming the door behind them. And for a moment, Rafael and I just stare at each other as the three of us catch our breath. Weston's eyes look at nothing. "Patrick has a nerve ending issue," Weston says eventually. "He can't feel pain." In response, I spit my own blood onto the floor and stare daggers at Weston and Rafael. "Crazy bitch," Rafael snaps. "She hit your head?" Weston asks him. "Damn near took it off." Big baby , I sign. "What did you call me?" Rafael shouts at me. "Raf!" Weston holds Rafael back with one arm. "Go ice your head, man." "Fine! But I'm not doing it 'cause you told me to. I'm doing it 'cause I was almost decapitated today." Rafael huffs angrily before stomping childishly out of the room and down the hallway. The moment Rafael leaves, Weston slides down the wall, clutching his stomach in pain. He didn't want Rafael to see him succumb to the hurt. Maybe because Rafael is such a mess, and Weston seems to be the only one holding him together. "You're a fucking hurricane," Weston moans. Hurricane. Is that what I am? I catch sight of myself in a full-length mirror on the wall and do a double-take. Blood coats my face. My hair is wild. My metal hand glints menacingly. I am afraid of my reflection. When did I become so frightening? I remember Rafael's face when I had him in my clutches; pure terror. He knew. Knew that I could tear him apart for no reason at all. Just like the tigers. They tore into Bidzill. They tore into Remi. They tore into Avenaye. The tigers didn't touch me, because they understood. Understood that I am one of them. A tear slides down my face. Everyone hates me. Everyone hates me. I hurt people. And yet I can never stop hurting people, because they'll never stop hurting me. And just like that, the anger rises in my stomach once more and I want to punch someone. Want to bite into their skin and make them bleed. Want to- "Hey, don't cry," Weston says, still catching his breath, wincing as he clutches his stomach. He sees nothing, and yet he knows everything. Hot, angry tears slip down my skin, making me sniffle. But why should I cry? Someone else should be crying. I should go make someone else cry. I punch the wall angrily. Weston flinches. "Shit," he says. "I see why the tigers left you alone." I breathe in slow, shallow breaths. I will the tears away, but they only come faster. My loud breath, strained by tears, is as close as I will ever come to screaming. "Abe. Abe, don't cry." Weston closes his blind eyes and takes his hand away from his stomach as though the pain has eased. "Hey, do you know what they're calling us? All the other Mentors? See no evil, speak no evil." I have, in fact, heard them calling us this. And I happen to know for a fact that Rafael was the one who started it. "And I've hit a few Mentors before, too. They just don't get it, Abe. None of them do. When you're missing something that everyone else has... it feels like you did something wrong. Like you did something to deserve being different. And that... it eats you. You can't let it get to you like that. 'Cause it hurts. It hurts like hell. Just don't listen to Rafael. He doesn't know. He doesn't get it. There's nothing wrong with you and me. We're just... we're missing something. And we spend our whole lives trying to replace it, and we never will. But we're not bad people. Just damaged." Nobody knows. Nobody knows but him. I close my eyes and let his words wash over me. And I find, for just one brief moment, a sanctuary. I am not the only monster. I am not the only one that the world hates enough to take something from. Weston is a monster too. And it doesn't fix anything. And tomorrow I'll still be angry and sad and mixed-up. But it does make it a little less painful. I am drowning in a sea of sorrow, and Weston has dipped his hands in the water and taken a handful out. It won't save me, but it's something. I see Weston's face, and I know that he is drowning, too. But he isn't giving in like me; he isn't swimming to the bottom, begging the water to take him. He isn't fighting it, either, not swimming futilely against the current, desperately trying to reach the shore. He's just treading water. It's tiring, it hurts, and it won't save him, but it'll keep him breathing just a while longer. Let me die , I beg the water. Just let me die. Because I'm tired of fighting.