And you're always with me." Her eyes communicated what her lips didn't. No matter what happened, even if he didn't make it back to her, she wanted him to know that he was always with her. Finnick held her to him tightly, desperately, and closed his eyes. Please. I just need to make it home. I just need to make it home. That thought clung with him throughout their quest, always at the back of his mind. It never interfered, though. He didn't show up to be a coward and back down. No, he would not only get home but he would get the rest of the squad home as well. With a sigh, Finnick sat down beside Peeta, his eyes slowly sliding to him. The younger boy was staring at Katniss's form. She was sleeping, or at least pretending to sleep. Who knew if she'd really accomplished it? Finnick was on watch, which he was actually couldn't have been more thrilled about. This was the moment that he had been waiting for, the best opportunity to talk to his friend. "What?" Peeta asked slowly. His voice was dead, empty, low, desolate. Finnick's heart pricked as his thoughts flashed to the time in his life when he himself had been so numb that he had sounded like that. He had been trying to think of what exactly to say to Peeta for days, but nothing had seemed right. In this moment, looking at the boy's sunken eyes, he threw out every tactic that he had thought about. "Peeta," he said finally. "I'm going to tell you something that I've never told anyone but Annie." That got his attention. Peeta's blue eyes flickered to him, a small light of curiosity reflecting in them. "I'm not as strong as everyone thinks." Peeta cocked an eyebrow, obviously not sure where in the hell Finnick was going with this. Finnick wasn't sure either, to be completely honest. But he kept talking. "I tried to kill myself when I was sixteen." Peeta sucked in a breath at that. "I was going to use my trident. Mags saved my life, nurtured me." He shook his head. "The Capitol killed my parents. And in the games, I had even killed the girl from my District. I was tired and I wanted it to be over. I wanted it to stop." Peeta looked down. "Did it?" His voice shook. "Did it ever stop?" "Yes." Finnick rested a hand on his shoulder, looking at him earnestly. "It stopped. But it took time." "I think this is a little different," Peeta whispered. "You're right." Finnick nodded. "It is different. No two stories are the same, no matter the genre or the similarities. I can't imagine what you're going through, what they put you through. But I still know you can get through it." "I'll never be the same." "You're right." Peeta looked up at him, his eyes wide with surprise at being agreed with. Finnick leaned forward, his eyes level with Peeta's. "We're always changing, Peeta. You won't be exactly who you were two years ago. But you'll still be the same person, just a different version." Peeta bowed his head slightly. "I'm going to tell you something that I told Katniss," Finnick said softly. "It takes ten times as long to pull yourself together as it does to fall apart. You need to be patient with yourself, Peeta. You'll get there." Peeta slumped against Finnick's shoulder and so his arm went around the younger boy, as if he could protect him from the pain. Finnick had never been stupid. But he had always had a problem with not wanting to give up, especially when he had something waiting for him. Something like a wife, a wife who needed him. What would happen to her if he didn't make it home? But they had already lost many to the mutts and he knew the odds. And more than that, he was still going to do his job. Protect Katniss and Peeta. At all costs. They were his friends. Some part of him, despite his desperation to make it out, knew long before. He had to. Finnick launched himself for the ladder, for his ticket out of there. He started climbing and made quick progress. It was a good thing that he was used to doing things while soaked with water. But some things just aren't meant to be. A mutt collided with him, making him lose his grip. He fell down and then, with a sickening and blinding crack, his back hit the ledge and he knew it was broken and it was over. He couldn't fight with a broken back. He couldn't do anything with a broken back. They swarmed him and all he could do was scream, and even that was almost too hard. Everything hurt, every nerve in his body was on fire as he was torn into, as he was going through the beginning part of being ripped to shreds. Somehow, by some miracle, his attention was at least partly shifted. Maybe it was a sixth sense, maybe it was some close to death thing. But he could see the Holo falling down the opening and relief flooded his body as he knew what his friend was about to do. He could hear her whisper, sort of. It was in a sixth sense sort of way. Maybe it was because he knew what words she had to be whispering, knew what to expect. Nightlock. Peeta flashed in his mind. Nightlock. Katniss. Nightlock. Annie. The beautiful girl was his last and final thought before the Holo blew, creating a beautiful and symbolic mixture of fire and water, of him and his beautiful wife. The next thing he saw was Mags's hand reaching out to him. He did the only thing that made sense, the only thing that he had been doing through his life. He took her hand and let her lead him to whatever was next.