look back at us after they'd closed and locked the door. "Should give us some time," Eoywn said. "Let's get the rest of the kids out," Hazelnut said. Chapter 9 Hazelnut I went over to the desk that sat in the corner of the room. A megaphone sat on the desk, and I picked it up. I figured that was how the people had talked to us through the loudspeaker. Not quite sure what I was going to say, I began speaking. "Hello everyone in the forest," I said. "My name is Hazelnut. Until about a minute ago my friends Katy, Eclipse, Richard and I were stuck in that weird forest with you. We found a wall at the southern edge of the forest. Two more of our friends Prim and Eoywn came into a room on the other side of the wall. They didn't get caught by the helicopters and have been looking for us ever since. We made a hole in the wall and made it to the room. So, if you head to the southern end of the forest, you should be able to find us, and get out. It's all over. We're free." I put the megaphone down. The door behind us rattled. The others and I turned around. "I guess they heard that," Prim joked. "Yeah, you think?" I said sarcastically. There was a noise behind us in the trees. I turned back around to see some of the kids coming out. "The army's coming," Katy said. The door rattled more, and gave way a bit. "Good," Eclipse said. "We're gonna need it." The door burst open. At least ten men burst into the room. One man stepped forward. "Which one of you is the girl called Hazelnut?!" the man demanded. Katy and Eclipse stepped in front of me, protectively. I was the smallest of our group, and even though we were all the same age, I was the youngest by a few months. Eclipse held the knife loosely in her hand. I slowly pulled it out. She shot a glance back at me. I shook my head slightly. I had a plan. I thought. I hid the knife in my sleeve, and pushed my way passed Eclipse and Katy. "Here I am," I said. The man had a sword sheathed on his belt. He took it out. I slid the knife out of my sleeve. But, the man with the sword had an easier reach than me with my knife. I hardly had time to react before I felt the sword catch me in the ribs. I gasped. Then, I threw the knife forward, and struck him in the chest. He fell backwards. I stepped back and fell. Katy caught me. "Are you alright?" she asked. I didn't respond. She shook me slightly. "Come on, you're alright, you gotta be." Eclipse and Prim came over. "Hazelnut?" Prim asked. I couldn't stay awake anymore. I closed my eyes slowly. "HAZELNUT!" Eclipse exclaimed. I faded into blackness. Eclipse There was no response from Hazelnut. "We have to move her over," I said. "This is about to get ugly." Katy dragged her into the corner. I took the knife away from Hazelnut, and the sword away from the man. I gave Katy the sword. The other men stepped forward. I stepped into the front of our group. I didn't know much about knife fighting, but I was going to protect my friends or die trying. I attacked the closest man. He fought back, blocking almost every one of my moves. I got in a cut across his cheek as I punched him in the face, because the knife wasn't working. The man fell backwards, hit the wall, and fell to the floor, unconscious. The others had joined the fight by now. More kids were coming out of the woods at all times. I turned and leapt on top of the man Eoywn was fighting, and hit him on the side of the head hard. He crumpled below me. I climbed off. I was about to find another one, when I heard something that turned my blood cold. The sound of many feet running echoed up the stairs. "There's more coming!" I warned the others. The door burst open just as I said it. But it wasn't who I was expecting. "Dad!" I exclaimed. "Eclipse!" he said. "Are you alright?" "Yeah," I replied. I looked around. All the men were gone. I went over to Hazelnut. She was unconscious now, and her head lolled off to the side. "We need to get her to the hospital," I said. My dad came over and picked her up. I stood up, and looked over at Katy, Prim, Eoywn and Richard. "Is that it?" Katy asked. "Just like that, it's over?" "I guess so," I said. Prim shrugged. The five of us followed my dad still carrying Hazelnut out the door. Chapter 10 Katy A few days later, I sat around a table with Eclipse, Hazelnut, Eoywn and Richard. Hazelnut had been in the hospital for about two days, and it turned out she was going to be fine. We were still in the hospital, just so the nurses and doctors could be sure. We were in the waiting room. The TV was on at the end of the table and the news was on, showing the interviews it did of some of us afterwards. The press had followed us to the hospital, and asked Eclipse, Richard and I questions in the waiting room. Then, they asked Prim and Eoywn all about how they'd escaped and found us. We were all a grimy, dirty mess. "We look horrible," Richard said. We all looked at him, and then burst into laughter. After everything we'd been through, everything now seemed unreal. After a while, our interviews were over. I stood up and smiled. Then, I left the waiting room, and went to our hospital room, ready to sleep for a lifetime. The End