my arm firmly and fled down the hillside. I don't know how long we kept up the dangerously quick pace but it seemed like hours. All I could see was hills upon hills and I felt my mind begin to wander to a delusionary state. Visions. Blurry memories I thought I had long forgotten appeared over the backdrop of the green, faintly moonlit hills. A kindly old woman called out to me and sang a soft song I remembered from my infancy. A bearded, rugged sailor's weathered and strong reached out for me crying, "I never wanted to leave you, wee bairn. You'll always be my lass." I felt both comfort and confusion at these strangely familiar visions. The man and woman slowly faded as I once again felt my feet stumbling and running beneath my body. A hellish pain swallowed my foot as it stumbled upon a stone in the darkness. I slowly felt myself giving way once again to unconsciousness. "Hey, stay with me! "Maira's firm grip became even tighter and she slipped her arm under mine and around my back. This time, almost carrying me along. She was much taller than me and it was difficult for her to keep this posture. She hobbled and huffed while struggling to keep up the pace. The timing for the clouds to let loose the rain could not have been more miserable. We were two hills away from our coastline destination and growing slower with each step. Our feet sliding on the thick, greasy mud and our knees becoming more bloody and bruised with each misstep. The cold rain and the howling wind smothered us as we gasped for air. Finally, Maira fell to her knees and I slumped down behind her. My cheek was became melded with the mud and I became overwhelmed with the urge to give up. My back began to shiver with each raindrop and gust of wind. Lightning struck more frequently every few minutes and the thunder jolted our weak frames with each clap. The wind screaming in our ears made it difficult to communicate, Maira yelled in my ear, "Just two more hills. Push on." "My will for survival overtook my exhausted body. We both stood and grab each other our steps were in the sink this time. Slow. Deliberate. Our heads fell as far as we could bend them. The rain blew sideways and seeing became impossible. Once you reach the top of the first till we set down and try to slide as far as we could dumb the muddy grassy terrain. Surprisingly, it worked. The deadweight of our tired bodies slowly slips down the hill and into the valley. We felt a tinge of hope as we finally saw small cottage on the shoreline. We were almost there. Electric bolts occasionally lighting our path and keeping us on course was a godsend. When suddenly, we felt a horror we had not felt up to that moment. Complete darkness surrounded us as we walked toward the cottage we had seen just moments before. A beautiful haven. We knew, once we reached it, all would be well. Then, the next bolt of light shattered any sense of hope we were holding onto. A long jagged line of light filled the sky for several moments as we squinted ahead to straighten our course. A horrific figure stood near the doorway. It was like the most terrifyingly large wolf you can imagine was standing on its hind legs. The Wulver. A creature we had only heard of and, until now, reckoned he was simply a fairytale; A silly creature village parents had made up to keep their children from running off into the hills at night. It was more terrifying than any description we had heard. Somehow he seems to have a brilliant soul and was fully aware of the situation. He stood on his hind legs, dark patches of thick fur covering its body. Its torso breathing heavily. Jagged, yellow teeth sticking out from its lips. Eyes that glowed in the night and seemed nearly red. Paws as large as that of a brown bear. He seems nearly twice the size as the already towering Maira. We frozen in our tracks, shivering uncontrollably. Completely silent. As a darkness fell again we were too terrified to continue walking toward the cottage but also unsure of where to go. We simply waited, breathless. Weak. Waiting for the next stroke of light to guide us to a new haven. This time the black night fell so heavily on us that we nearly gave up hope for survival. When light finally struck again, I desperately clutched onto Maira's arm and my eyes darted left and right. The Wulver was no where to be seen. Just as the last second of light faded, we spotted him on the distant shore. This time he was on all fours. Suddenly it looked deliberately back at us. This time its gaze seemed almost gentle, if that was possible, as if he was conceding the cottage to us. The two, large red eyes seemed compassionate and understanding. I felt weak, dumbfounded and too shocked to move. With no other choice but to find shelter before we both collapsed, we continued plodding toward our salvation. One more long stroke of lightening gave us enough relief from the blinding darkness to feel our way to the worn out, shack-like shelter. I could feel Maira hold her arms out straight in front of us as I clutched onto her waste, struggling to continue. She was feeling for the stone walls of the shanty. We inched closer, our steps slowing out of caution. I hoped with each breath that we would reach the door. It seemed we should have been to it already. Just as I felt my knees buckle and hope escape my body like a ghost, Maira grabbed my arm and pulled me inside the dark, dry refuge. To be continued: Chapter II The Wulver