closed. The man tucks the blankets under the boy's chin and smooths back the mass of unruly curls from his forehead. He's about to stand and turn out the light to let the boy sleep when his eyes open again and stares up at him. His tiny hand peeks out from the covers and waves at him, beckoning Ezekiel's face towards his own. When the man leans over, the child plants a tiny kiss to the tip of the man's nose. The boy smiles that sweet, mischievous smile once more as his eyes drift closed again. In that moment, Ezekiel's sad, broken heart swells. The impossible notion of ever being able to feel something akin to love again takes hold as he watches this child sleep soundly. "I'll keep you safe," Ezekiel whispers to the child. "I'll protect you. You'll be all right." When Sae arrives in the morning with her granddaughter Delly in tow, Ezekiel expects the strange looks and confused questions from the older woman. But as he'd asked, she brings along some clothing that had belonged to Delly's older brother Thatch, and Ezekiel quickly helps his tiny charge change into them before sending the children into the living room to play and watch cartoons. "Children don't fall out of the sky, Ezekiel!" Sae whispers tersely to him after he explains how he found the child, but omits the strange hunk of black metal in the woods beyond his property. "This one did, Sae! And he's all alone in the world. He's gentle and sweet. And I don't know why, but I feel like—I don't know, like maybe he was sent to me somehow." Sae shakes her head. "You're grieving, Ezekiel. You're lonely and you feel robbed because of what happened to Armarna, but this...you can't keep a child just because he wandered onto your property. He must have parents or some sort of guardians who are desperate to find him. You could be accused of kidnapping!" "He says he doesn't have anyone. When I asked him where his parents are, he pointed to the sky. They must be dead..." "You have to call Social Services. Find him a home with people who are prepared to raise an orphan." "No! What if they send him somewhere terrible? What if they harm him?" "This isn't legal. There are steps that ought to be taken...and I'm sorry, my friend, but you are in no mental or emotional state to raise a child after becoming a widower. You can't play family just because you miss your wife." Ezekiel pounds the counter in anger. "Don't use that against me, Sae. You know how Armarna and I wanted a child. You wouldn't be saying that if she were still here. You'd be shouting to the heavens with joy that our prayers were answered. I know in my heart of hearts I'm responsible for this boy. I...I feel a kinship with him. I need to protect him. He's my responsibility now. I'm not asking you, I'm telling you...please, help me. I can't send him away." From the living room, a sharp giggle erupts from one of the children's mouths. The adults rush into the room and their jaws drop. "Look, Nana! He's super strong!" Delly laughs. She's perched on the loveseat with her legs folded underneath her. And the loveseat is suspended in midair by the boy's tiny, completely steady arms. The boy looks pleased with himself, like there's nothing at all amiss with being able to hold an entire piece of furniture and the small girl sitting on it above his head. No grown man could accomplish such a feat and yet this child makes it look effortless. Sae snatches the girl off the loveseat and holds her protectively in her arms. The boy's face falls, and he places the sofa back in the ground like it weighs no more than a pound or two. Ezekiel crouches in front of him and purses his lips. "How...how did you do that?" he asks the child. The boy shrugs in response. "He's strong!" Delly says again. "He wasn't gonna drop me, Nana, honest! We were just playing!" "Ezekiel, something is wrong here. You need to call..." "No, Sae! No one I'd call would understand...he didn't mean any harm, he just..." Ezekiel sighs and folds the child against his chest. In truth, he's perplexed. The part of him that wondered if this child was not of this planet is convinced now that is exactly the case, no matter how implausible it seems. "What if he'd hurt her?" "He didn't, Nana! He's my friend!" Delly cries. "You don't even know his name," Sae says to her patiently. "I don't care! He's my friend now! Nana, don't yell at him," Delly whimpers. From his spot in the man's arms, the little towhead looks impossibly confused and worried. His blue eyes glisten. Ezekiel tuts and smooths his hair. "Do you remember what I said last night, son?" he whispers to him. The boy nods and once again presses a tiny kiss to the man's nose. "Ezekiel, don't..." Sae warns. He cuts her off with a wave of his hand. "I'll keep him safe. I'll teach him what is right and wrong...look at him, Sae. He's afraid of the dark, he's enchanted by horses, he giggles when he gets excited. He's just a child." "Who lifts furniture above his head like it weighs nothing," Sae says gravely. "He's remarkable. And he's my son, so I'll expect you to respect that." Ezekiel's tone is final. Delly squirms out of her grandmother's arms and tugs at the little boy's hand. "C'mon Pita!" She says. "Why did you call him that, Delly?" Ezekiel asks. "'Cause it's all he wants to eat and he won't tell me his real name. So I'll call him that. I think he likes it," the girl explains. "Pita is a sort of bread, Delly, not a name," Sae scolds. "...Not the way it's usually spelled," Ezekiel thinks aloud.