"Yeah, Mummo is a con artist." Gale interrupted. "I don't believe it." The Peacekeeper said looking through notes of people on a digital pad. "Its okay, you've tried to serve Panem well, he is just a con artist. You Peacekeepers are what make our worlds better." Gale smiled. The Peacekeeper waved as he left and smiled. He got halfway away before Charlie elbowed Gale in the stomach. "You are such a suck up." "You're the one who's a gorgeous girl! You could've flirted your way out of it." He said elbowing her back. "Oh, gorgeous am I?" Charlie said, raising an eyebrow at him. "Well, I, um…" Gale stammered, "In that boyish kind of way." Charlie just stood shocked by what had just came out of Gale's mouth. "Oh." Charlie said, then recollected herself, "Well in that case, you're handsome… In that girly kind of way." "Oh, ." Gale said, "You're so funny." "I bet all the guys are falling all over you." Charlie continued. "Charlie." Gale pestered. "No really, did you see how that Peacekeeper was looking at you." " Charlie ." "I mean if you can get guys like that-!" Before Charlie could finish her sentence Gale's hands came on either side of her face, gently. He leaned in and kissed her. Charlie's eyes widened and she stood there for a moment, taken aback. She then closed her eyes and just enjoyed the moment. After a moment they separated. "You could've just said, 'Shut up'." Charlie blushed. "But how boring would that be?" Gale chuckled. "I want to give you something." Charlie said, reaching in her pocket. She pulled out the obsidian necklace and put it around Gale's neck. It suited him. "It's a promise." Charlie smiled. "And what's the promise?" Gale asked. "That I'll always be here for you, no matter what." Days past and past, Charlie and Gale spent the time together, they were almost inseparable. When people said Charlie or Gale it was always Charlie and Gale or Gale and Charlie. Their names were always in the same sentence. Mummo, who's punishment was lashing, had permanently gone insane in everyone's opinion and he became the District's laughing stock. "The bombs will come! It'll be the end! I know, my dreams predict the future!" Mummo yelled. People would laugh and laugh but never say anything to Mummo themselve's. "Short girl!" Mummo called to Charlie one day. "Should I-?" Charlie asked Gale pointing to Mummo from behind a hand. "Just… Let's see what he wants." Gale mustered. "Okay." They walked over to Mummo. "No, boy, go away, it is not your time to find out." "Find out what?" Charlie asked, as Gale obeyed Mummo and stood a few inches away. "Too close my boy, go home." "Charlie, I don't think-." "Just go home, Gale. I'll see you soon." Charlie said, recognizing the urgency in Mummo's voice. "If you say so," Gale shrugged, leaving. Mummo stood silent in front of Charlie for a moment. Charlie was unsure what was going on until Mummo finally spoke. "He'll forget you." Mummo said. "Who?" Charlie asked. "The tall boy, he will forget you. The bombs will come and they will steal you away. He will think of you as dead and forget you. He will go after the one he calls 'Catnip'. You'll become nothing to him. You will be a slave to the Capitol after he forgets, he won't remember." Charlie listened dumbfounded by the whole occurrence. Finally Charlie shook her head, she began to laugh. "Funny one, Mummo. Now never say that again or I won't be afraid to hurt you." Charlie ran to Gale, the idea of him forgetting her burning her head. Charlie was one to easily cry, it was well known. She came off as tough, as able to carry herself, and she was, but tears were easily shed. "What did he say?" Gale asked, seeing the tears welling up in Charlie's eyes at the mental image of Gale forgetting her. "He said… Nothing… Absolutely nothing." They walked the rest of the way home silent. Minutes past and past and Gale just watched Charlie with a curious look in his eyes, Charlie ignored him and pretended as if she was alone. That's never going to happen! She kept telling herself but she couldn't believe it. If it did, if the bombs did come, could it? I mean, after the death of Rue recently it's so possible, the outburst that had happened in the other District causing so much fear. They reached the Everdeen's house and began to cook some dinner, the entire time they watched the Hunger Games play out on the small projected screen. As they were cooking Katniss and Peeta had another kissing seminar that seemed to happen so much recently. Gale, who'd been cutting the meat, stabbed the cutting board. "Aren't they so cute?" Prim giggled. The romance helped her focus off the fact that her sister was so very close to dying. "Yeah. Cute ." Gale said, snidely. "Gale, can I talk to you?" Charlie asked and they exited the back door. "Aren't you in the middle of cooking something?" He huffed. "It can wait. The games are almost over, Katniss and Peeta will return soon. Be honest with me now, do you still have feelings for Katniss?" It was never honestly said to Charlie and Gale that they were in a relationship; it was just a guessed thing. "No." Gale lied. Charlie sighed, "So 'yes' than. Okay, well. Yep… I'm gonna go back to cooking… Bye then." Gale snorted. Charlie gave her usual raising one eyebrow maneuver. "You can't tell me you don't remember the last time you said that to me." "When was that?" "The first time we went hunting together." Gale said, "And the same day, that we first kissed." He pulled her into his arms and kissed her. She pulled away laughing, "You're the corniest suck up I've ever met." "No!" Came a scream from inside the house.