fast! "Will you look at this!" Cato suddenly exclaims and abruptly stops walking. Another pyre! This one is untouched... "Maybe they'll meet up here?" I whisper. "Probably." Clove agrees. "And maybe they won't!" Cato snaps. "Let's keep moving." "I'll stay." I say. "I'll set a trap – and who knows? Maybe I'll get lucky and can kill Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellarck!" I laugh quietly. Cato scowls at me. "You stay, don't come back." "Fiiiiine." I drawl. "We would have had to split up sooner or later, anyway. It might be better to do it now." He nods and Clove shrugs. "Good luck then, Marvel. May the odds be ever in your favour!" she grins at me before turning away and walking further into the forest. Cato just grunts and goes after her. I look around and decide to set my trap on the other end of the clearing, away from the other pyres. I'd enter the clearing from there. I pull out a net and lay it carefully on the ground before attaching a rope. A little trap never hurt anyone before... I throw a generous amount of fallen leaves over the net and go hide in the undergrowth. The first person to step onto my contraption will get pulled up, hopelessly entangled in the net. An easy kill. I hope it will be Katniss. It takes hours for the day to start. And even then I keep lying beneath the bush I took cover under and wait. I am nothing if not patient. The morning is almost over when I hear a twig crack under someone's boot. Right in front of my trap. Perfect. What I do not expect, is the little dark-skinned girl from District 11 to step out from the bushes. She looks around fearfully and whistles softly. Surprisingly, the birds pick up on her song and carry it farther away. Nothing happens for a moment – and then she cautiously takes a step forward. Onto my trap. In seconds she dangles above the ground. As soon as she realises what happened, she screams in fear. "Look at that!" I hear behind me. I whip around. Cato and Clove stroll into sight, both smirking. "See." I say. "I told you I would catch myself something!" I sound triumphant, even though I am still disappointed that I did not catch Katniss. "I'm surprised." Cato says. "I would have thought common sense would prevail and non of them would return to the evidence." it's the longest sentence he said in the whole time I know him. And the one with the biggest words in them. Maybe Cato is not as stupid and brutish as he lets on... "Well..." I drawl. "Common sense is not something everyone has to spare. Some only have a little and have to make use of it their whole lives. Maybe she was saving it up?" Both laugh. "Well," Clove says after a moment. "Have fun then! We were just passing through – and generously decided to not attack this once. We had a lot of fun together, after all." "How considerate of you!" I say jovially. "Let's hope we won't meet for a while!" "Yeah! Until then!" As casually as they came, they leave again. I turn my attention back to the little girl. "I really, really expected someone else." I tell her, smiling from ear to ear. I use my spear to turn her in her net, tangling her up as much as possible. Then I cut the rope that keeps her suspended in the air. As much as I would like some target practice to vent some anger, I do pride myself to be merciful. And she is still a little girl. A shame she has to die so young. She falls heavily and whimpers softly as a consequence. Tears stream down her face and her dark eyes are impossibly wide. They make me hate the Capitol, not that I would let them know. I have a reputation to uphold: I am Marvel, Career Tribute from District 1, and I am loyal to the Capitol. A soft tune whispers past us, not the one she had whistled earlier, another tune. Her eyes go even wider. Her mouth opens. "KATNISS!" he screams at the top of her lungs. So she had teamed up with Katniss Everdeen after all. I will get to kill Katniss! "KATNISS!" the girl yells again. "RUE!" comes the answering shout from the direction of the second pyre. I lift the spear high above her and close my eyes. I don't want to see her eyes when I spear her. I hear Katniss burst through the undergrowth. "RUE!" she screams, just as I thrust the spear into the girls stomach. "NO!" I hear Katniss's agonised scream, and Rue's pitiful gasp. Then, when I open my eyes, I see my death. Katniss has Glimmer's bow and arrow. I realise that the weapon was not meant for Glimmer, but for Katniss Everdeen. For her. Her arrow hits my throat and I feel light headed at once. She must have hit the jugular. Desperate to get some air into my frozen lungs I clutch at the arrow and pull it out slowly and painfully. The arrowhead does more damage when I pull it out then when it went in. I notice that too late as well. My legs give out as shock sets in and I crumple to the ground. I hear Katniss murmur Rue's name while I look at the sky. The leaves seem greener than they have been a moment before. I won't win this Games. I won't win anything anymore. I see my parent's faces when they send me off to the Capitol: They have been full of hope. I could have won. But I did not. I close my eyes and the world goes dark. I was Marvel, Tribute from District 1 for the 74th annual Hunger Games. I won't be remembered, I know. No looser ever is.