him until he stops crying and he finally says something again. "Thank you," he says, "but I should be the one comforting you." I can only give him a sad smile. "It doesn't have to be that way, you deserve comfort too." I go around with him to look through the rest of the house. He finds his old paint brushes and stares at the old paintings he did. The look on his face makes me smile. He's finally back where he belongs. When we get to the bedroom the first thing he does is crash down onto the bed. He spreads himself out like a starfish and lies face down. I lay beside him and run my fingers through his short hair. I can only imagine what it feels like to be in a nice king size bed compared to a small and uncomfortable cot. Peeta calls his family to tell them he's back safe. We'll be visiting them tomorrow. We didn't want to overwhelm him today, even though I'm sure he would have liked to have visited everyone. Uncle Haymitch was supposed to come for dinner, but he was no where near sober enough to even function properly. I make a warm, home cooked meal of lamb stew which is both of our favourites. He seems to savour every bite he takes and I just stare at him eating it because he looks so pleased. "This is the best meal I've had in a long time," he sighs. "I bet," I laugh, "What was the food like there?" "Horrible," he groans, "The MRE's were all disgusting." MRE stands for "Meals Ready to Eat." It's food that comes in a package. I can only remember the disgust in Peeta's voice when he'd described his menu over the phone. "That's probably because you have such high standards." I giggle as I spoon another bite of the hot stew into my mouth. "True." Peeta laughs. I try not to ask too much about his leg, because the incident with carrying his bag into the house earlier makes me wonder if he's still sensitive about it and I can only bet that he is. I haven't even seen it yet, but I'll have to at some point. He tells me he's tired afterwards, and all he wants to do is go to bed. I can't say I'm thrilled that he wants to go to bed so soon. I try not to feel offended and just attribute to his long day, but apart of me can't help but be disappointed at his lack of interest. I remove the thought from my mind and follow him up to bed and begin to get ready. Just as I finish slipping my pajamas on, I hear sounds of frustration coming from the master bathroom. "Peeta?" I knock on the door to see if it's okay to enter. I only hear a huff in response. "Come in," he murmurs. I turn the handle and enter the bathroom where I see him sitting on the edge of the tub in his boxer briefs. It's the first time that I see his prosthetic that goes from his foot to his knee. It looks like a regular foot at the bottom, but as it goes up it looks confusing and uncomfortable. His short hair is mussed like it is when he runs his fingers through it in anger. "Need help?" I ask him calmly. I don't wait for a response, I crouch down and take off his lower leg prosthetic in one easy try. "I just hate it," he groans, "I hate that I have to wear this, I hate that I'm not normal anymore I hate that-" "Shh!" I cut him off and sit down beside him. "Not having your lower leg doesn't make you any different," I tell him, "You're still Peeta and I still love you no matter what. Stop beating yourself up over this, please."I lean my head against his shoulder. "Fine," he says, "Let's just get to bed." He kisses my cheek delicately before clumsily standing up. I come to his left side and help him walk towards the bedroom. "Did you take your pills?" I ask. He nods his head as I help him sit down onto the bed. Besides his PTSD related pills, he's been taking anti-depressants since he lost his leg. I make my way to my side of the bed and slump down on the firm mattress. I roll over to Peeta whose eyes are already starting to close. I move as close to him as I possibly can and he hastily wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me closer. My head rests against his chest where I hear the steady beat of his heart. "I missed this," he yawns, "you and my lying here." I move up to kiss his cheek, "Me too." I smile. "I love you," he says and that's all I catch before I fall fast asleep into what I assume will be a restful night at last. That all changes when I wake up to hear screaming and thrashing. A/N: Thank you for reading! This is the start of my new multi-chapter fanfic that I've been planning for a long time. There was a lot of research and planning I had to do to start this story, so I hope I was accurate when describing things about Peeta's time in the military. If I did seem to get things wrong in some parts I apologize, and please let me know so I can fix it! Acknowledgements go to Sprinkleslol441 who has helped me plan and give advice for this story. She has recently started her own everlark fanfiction so make sure to check that out! Another acknowledgement goes to Plumgal1899 who gave me some very smart and helpful advice with this story. She's a brilliant writer so make sure to check her everlark fanfictions out! And last but not least my lovely Beta, Maleday.