be seen or heard. Gulls are crying out louder than they are. Her wet hair floats under the water and she clings to him afterwards, clothing soaked through, and cries. He cries with her. They are hopeless and broken and tainted and all they have is each other, and even that can be taken away. . He taps on her window, late at night. In the moonlight, for some reason she's reminded of his bloody face as he won the Games. She stares at him, struck dumb at the memory. "Come with me," he urges. She reaches for him, touching his face, looking for blood. Her hand stays clean, but she's still sure it's there. He hovers outside her window, like it's the most natural and basic calling in the world. He seizes her wrist. He pulls her gently, and she climbs out after him. She giggles. His other hand goes to cover her mouth. He can't stand that she laughs at what isn't funny. He hates even more that it doesn't stop him from loving her. He pulls her into a slimy old boat and rows them out, deep into the water. "Have you been watching the games?" She shakes her head. "Asleep." He takes a shaky breath. "District twelve. There have been two victors. Annie, the capitol is in a frenzy. There's talk of…" he shuts his eyes. "Things may changes." Change is a word she can't understand, because the last time it happened, she lost her mind. It's a dirty word. She begins to cry, because she doesn't want her mind to get worse, and he holds her. "Shh, it's not going to be like last time, I promise. Everything will get better." And he kisses her, and she pulls her nightgown over her head and lies back on the slimy floor of the boat. She missed him while he was at the capitol. She touches the body that isn't really hers and he grunts and groans and relaxes against her touch. She pulls him down to lay between her parted thighs and they re-connect and pretend they're still innocent and good. . They know she could be chosen. He definitely will be. She might be. They thought they escaped this hell, but they're only going to be reeled back in. they hear rumors of one older victor from district six who hung himself after the announcement. Annie wants to. She wants to die. She cries constantly, tearing at her hair and laughing a terrible laugh. She gets so much worse, and he can't reach her, so he leaves her in bed all day and strokes her tensed muscles and tries to make her calm down. "I'm going to keep you safe, I promise you, I'll keep you safe." "You'll die if I live." She screams. "I can't live without you." He strokes her back. "Love, we have to be used to the thought of living without each other, our safety isn't real. It's a gift they give us if we're good. They can just as easily take it away" She sobs into his chest, and swears she needs him forever, and she'll die without him. Mags stops by to visit. There's a lot of whispering over Annie's head. Finnick looks sick after she leaves, but he doesn't cling to Annie quite as desperately. . Her name is called, and she screams. She falls to her knees and screams. Finnick stood next to her the whole time, holding her hand, smoothing her hair, crushing her in an embrace. The crowd can't look away at this crazy girl. "Can't go back, can't go back." she sobs. Peacekeepers grab her arms, and they drag her away from Finnick, who tries to fight but can't. He looks desperate. "No." she howls, and struggles, to no avail. They call his name, and they stand onstage holding hands. She doesn't want one of them to die. Then Mags volunteers. Annie can't breathe. She tries to cling to Finnick, to stay with him, but she gets moved offstage and she cries more. When she gets to say goodbye, she can't speak. He runs across the room to her as soon as the door swings open. He grabs her arms and kisses her. He pulls back and looks into her eyes, her face, and her expression. His eyes are so frantic and intense. She cries hysterically, letting her face turn purple and snot and tears run all over. He wipes her eyes and cleans her face with a handkerchief. He puts one hand on her cheek, she holds it there. "You're going to be okay." He promises. She shakes her head, clinging to him. She's so confused, and the look on her face is the same look he saw when she stepped on the train all those years ago. Except this time, it's not for her life, it's for his. "I love you." he says, and she nods, and her eyes say how much she's always loved him. He closes his eyes, and knows she loves the boy who swam her to shore when she was twelve. She loves him now and she still sees the person he desperately wishes he could go back and be. Before this hell. "Mags?" she chokes out. He nods. "She offered. I couldn't refuse." He's always saving her life, whatever way he can. Even in the darkest, sickest ways. He'll dirty himself up a million times so he can keep her clean. "You're still so good." He murmurs, brushing his lips over hers, trying to savor any act of loving her. He holds her body tight, but her arms are limp by her sides. She cries. She can't speak. He kisses her somewhere between three and a million times more before they order her to leave. They drag her out of the room kicking and screaming. That evening, the sunset over the water makes it look pink. She screams and can do nothing else for a long time.